"EMP by the fuse panel knocked the electronics out long enough for us to get out of the building."
"Well there is still the other flat." Sherlock mentioned ignoring the look from John.
The twins spoke back and forth seemingly ignorant of the adults who watched with growing fascination.
When they first arrived she noticed that the cameras shot almost every square meter of their prison except one place. Right beside the waterfall.
"Sherlock WHY do the twins have a puppy in their room?" John asked as he picked up the small fur ball and looked to Sherlock who was hiding a little ways down the stairs.
That put a sad look on John's face, which did not make Sherlock very happy. "I'll be alright, how's Lexy doing?"
“Why do we have to come here? You’re a doctor can’t you just do it at home?” Lucian grumbled and huddled inside his coat.
Sherlock stared at his mother like he had never seen her before. "Mother...she was walking home when someone tried to kidnap her by using a sniper to lead her to the kidnapper. But she thought on her feet and received a flesh wound because of it. In no way was her getting shot her fault and as for her background? I don't know anyone who has lived through what they have and come out relatively unscathed. The only disorders they have is severe trust issues and some co-dependency that they are dealing with." Sherlock said making his mother glare.
AND NOW FOR SOMETHING SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT!
You have been warned
In their defense, Sherlock was only defending his country against a man stuck in the past and the twins…well they did not think their actions would affect John. So John just sighed and ambled on, knowing they were trying their best to behave.
WHAT? Why are you going to do that?
“Yes yes yes everyone is alright and all set for school.” Sherlock sighed then started to complain about how school doesn’t actually serve a purpose and was only an excuse to get rid of children for hours at a time.
Hey you choose, either they get kicked out of the air port (and drive eight and a half hours) or they take a plane!
It was only then that John realized that he was still standing on the staircase and shook himself gently before walking inside the flat.
The twins looked down at their feet before shuffling a little bit and John could just
John and Sherlock shared a silent look before nodding between the two. "Right children go down to Mrs. Hudson…NOW!" John stood tall emitting authority from every pore of his skin. He had learned to do this in the army and truth be told it came in exceedingly useful when living with Sherlock. "No not you love, only the children." He laughed when Sherlock went to follow his children down the stairs. "Alright who would send such an intricate music box?"
"Alright sweet I'm going to leave a few bottles by your bed." He said and after forcing her to drink one of them he braced himself for the Inquisition that waited him down stairs.
John grinned back and shook his head. He and the twins have done this many years now. Sherlock would take a few items from the yard and the twins would take them back.
Both twins are extremely protective of one another
"Oh please you only wish to have a short vacation with your lover. " Sherlock said absentmindedly as he pulled his own lover closer. "Wait did you say we're going to the manor?!"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Hello?"
“Kids can you come down here please?” He called up the stairs. “I know its only been a few days and we are all trying to get used to each other’s presence but that won’t happen if you two hide in your room all day. Your room is still your room and we will not go in unless we get either of your permissions first. But we would both like for you two to spend more time down here.”
Moriarty sighed at he movement. He was rapidly losing ground, something he was not used too. Then he gave a shrug and chalked it up to teenage weirdness. "Alright, art items and disposable cameras...Anything else you need?"
Almost half an hour later John pressed half of his Cinnabon cinnamon bun towards Sherlock. “They are very good just really REALLY big.” He laughed even as Sherlock scarfed his down.
“Is it true that you’re a detective?”
"Hello Gregory."
Soon all of John's displeasure as well as his discomfort with the situation and started running his hands through Sherlock's curls as the film progressed. The detective purred and wiggled impossibly closer making John smile. "Watch the movie you numpty." John lightly scolded as the screen portrayed Keating showing his students the trophy case and started to speak because we are all food for the worms lads. Because, believe it or not, each and every one of us in this room is going to stop breathing, turn cold, and die. Sherlock closed his eyes at Robin Williams's gruff words, not liking the thought of his John dying even though he knew that one day he would have to. "You alright?" John asked threading his fingers through Sherlock's hair until the detective looked up at him. "M'fine." He murmured as Robin Williams voice cut through the darkness of the flat Carpe Diem seize the day boys make your lives extraordinary
"Strange how fast my children have gotten along with your son so quickly." He said out of the blue while fiddling with Johns phone. "Not really, he's had a bit of a crush on Lily since the first day they went to school." Greg smiled at Sherlock who scoffed and turned towards John.
He hates how he'd let those idiots in the OR floor break room get into his head. People can't usually lance through his defences like that. He knows he protects himself by pushing others away, prefers to be feared rather than pitied. He believes that who he is, could never be something people would want, so it's better to construct a public persona they can hate for understandable reasons. It's a mask he can take off when he goes home, put it on the mantle and breathe more freely. But is the end result different? He stands on the outside, the meagre successes of his herculean efforts at managing social conduct few and far between. People assume he's cold, aloof, mean, even psychopathic… not a person someone nice and good and likeable and helpful like John would want to be with.
You berate yourself for not watching over him better. Then, you berate yourself for thinking you need to do that for a grown man.
Holmes rolls his eyes, and John tries not to laugh. The man has honed that skill into an art form.
"Yes."
John thinks and slams down the lid of his laptop. He's been trying to fill out a travel expense report for the past forty-five minutes, but his thoughts keep returning to Sherlock who is likely lying on the sofa, staring at the ceiling in his dressing gown. John had felt immensely guilty for going to work, but what else could he do?
"I came here to see you and to be your friend like John. And sometimes a good friend says what needs to be said," Mrs Hudson points out.
John takes my hand, brings me back to the bedroom. I don’t expect him to pick up where we left off; the atmosphere is changed. We lie on the bed, clothed. It happens without negotiation as though this is something we've been doing for years. I wonder if, in thought, we both have truly been doing so. Have we laid awake, him upstairs and me down here, both hoping we could cross the expanse?
You notice another nurse standing by; perhaps both of them were needed. There's also a new bandage — a thick, bulgy one — on Sherlock's wrist, and a plastic cover under that hand. You lift the edge of it and find a large, bright, bloodstain that's still wet.
. And it's not your fault. I, however, am very interested in you. And I assure you I can appreciate and enjoy what you'd be willing to share. I might want to…"
The confusion she expects on Doctor Pichler's features isn't there. Perhaps she truly is clever enough for Sherlock to appreciate. Violet is perfectly aware that she hasn't said the words out loud yet, but Joanna Pichler may well have deduced what is being discussed.
"Sherlock it is, then. After you," John prompts, opens the door wide and lets the two men in.
But from what? What is the secret purpose, the fragile identity he has been protecting? No one would put his face on the cover of a tabloid for this, no one would tweet rumours about his exploits online. He
"You could have got this fixed earlier — before you developed an abscess,” he tells John.
Sherlock's rationality is a jolting surprise, even when laced with disheartening distrust regarding how realistic John's perception of him seems to be. He doesn't have the answers, either. While John rants and raves, Sherlock has somehow found some sort of sudden meditative consolation from pessimism. "You can't blame me for worrying about you," John says, "And it's hard because I don't have a roadmap; I never know what to expect. I've worried about you for years; can't quit it cold turkey any more than you could kick your smoking habit."
Sherlock rolls his eyes. "Very well. But only because it's a technically interesting piece and fits the tone you want."
"He knows the requisite techniques, but he's so dreadfully slow."
At eleven in the evening, the door opens. You don't turn to look at him, because you don't want to make a fuss.
"There was that mugging just before he started seeing you. I nearly forgot about it, but his brother hadn't. Maybe that's… maybe how he reacted back then could tell us something?" John suggests.
"In general, no, but you did this time, and maybe that's what you're angry about, too. I probably shouldn't have told you to take time off. Didn't quite realise what that must've sounded like. I know we can't afford others to think we've lost our nerve. Even though we sometimes do."
"Violet––" Doctor Pichler tries to interrupt.
Not John's patient, for starters.
"You're getting nervous, and when we get nervous, we want to run."
"I'm not everyone," you say sternly. "I
"Well, he didn't quite send me, but Sherlock missed an appointment and I thought I'd check in on him." John realises he may have said too much. Would missing an appointment fall under doctor-patient privilege? "Are you his mother?"
“In the recovery room,” Sherlock demands.
. All that this
And that answer is:
John doesn't bother with a shower since he'll be donning a fresh set of the protective gear in a few minutes. He pulls on a set of cotton scrubs, removes his shoe covers and, after exchanging a few words with the staff arriving for the next shift, heads to Med Bay.
Isn't it enough that he remembers, all the time? Must he carry those memories on the very shape of himself for all to see?
[sent at 14:23] Collings was not satisfied with his labs and he has a fever still.
There is a deduction to be made here.
_______________
"What?" comes a grunt from behind, and Christian stills, the next relentless thrust aborted.
Maybe Mycroft had sent him here so he could air out his brain, find a new focus, see how people live without any of city life's pretend necessities.
“Right. So, I should…”
"Is there even a barber here or do you lot just put a bowl on your head and scissor around the rim?" Sherlock asks, frustrated.
John doesn't want to get to know anyone who's just going to leave? Doesn't want to be disappointed? Fair enough. Sherlock can relate to that. He has sworn off friends for that same reason: people always leave. They always leave and disappoint you. He knows full well that they won't be friends, he and John Watson. They will know one another for the duration of Sherlock's stay. They'll be opportunists seeking a bit of company where they can, and once Sherlock leaves, it'll be… nothing. Nothing is what John will be. Sherlock is ashamed of letting loneliness get to him like this, but it can't be helped, now. He's revealed his cards to John. His soft underbelly. He can only hope the man is drunk enough not to realise it. The anger has drained out of Sherlock, leaving in its place the grey fog of dejection that has been his constant companion for much of his adulthood, save for the flickers of light that Victor's presence had sometimes offered when it wasn't making him feel sour. Being with Victor was such a strange deal with the devil: he had to pay for those good moments with periods of feeling even worse than he usually did.
Violet is taken aback by how commonplace and rational it sounds. So… detached and clinical. The opposite of how it had felt all those years ago.
"John Watson; I'm––"
, John then corrects himself. "How did he seem?"
"I thought that was obvious," John says, confounded. His eyes are tracking a fishing guillemot. "I just… I hadn't come here since Dad died. Seemed like the thing to do. They all blamed me, I'm sure.
"I do not have
"I think someone who thinks showing up with a gun at a hospital might not have even listened to you that night when she died. People hear what they want, focus on the randomest things, and when they're in shock, they often only retain weird and patchy stuff. You're not responsible for what Fairholme did — he is because he chose to pick up that gun."
"I believe they gave you a ring from the CCU. Patient wants a word. Needs a word."
is the first word you've heard from him since the hospital that sounds perfectly like the Sherlock of before — spiteful and proud.
Sherlock arranges himself onto the bed, close but not touching John. His fingers long to seek comfort from the warmth of his husband, but he's afraid he's done or said something wrong and it hurts when John recoils physically from him at such times.
Emma makes a phone call and returns with a pair of sterile gloves. "This isn't what we usually allow, but there was a note in Sherlock's file saying that it's fine to involve you." She seems a bit puzzled by this.
All surgical specialties have their upsides and downsides, their fascinating and cool cases and their bread-and-butter yawn-inducers. But of course Sherlock would be snooty about stuff that's not neurosurgery. And even I have been known to lament how many colleagues there are who simply refuse to accept that
"Not having my arm in some cast for a month is hardly a good outcome. If it's not completely torn, why can't I just use it normally?"
"If my memory serves me, his last appointment was nine months ago."
. When Sherlock has played to guests, he tends to favour composers such as Tchaikovsky or Beethoven — stuff that even people who aren't very musically educated can enjoy.
"Good. So…" John almost says that Sherlock can then relax for the rest of the evening, but that would only earn him a scoff. "Food. Water. Crap telly in French. Melatonin."
They'd spoken for two hours via Skype — each of them billed afterwards, Sherlock is certain — and at the end of that conference he'd told Vandersteen that he was happy to sign a retainer for the man's services. They agreed to have another online meeting once Sherlock has signed and faxed back the retainer. After he's provided the solicitor with all the information he can, the next step will be for Vandersteen to contest the Interim Order in the associated GMC hearing the next Monday.
"The family contacted King's after being told no by no less than the Ichilov Clinic, Corns and Perneczky. They all said the tumour would have reached an inoperable state by the time the post-angiointerventional safety period would be done. But why not take the risk of
"I don't know about that." Certainly John seems to have gone through some sort of process with his sexual identity within the time Sherlock has known him, but he is confident that John fearing homophobic comments isn't the key cause of all this anxiety. He worries about what people will think about John's choice in partner because of what he is like; his gender is a marginal part of that concern in comparison to him now knowing how to function around other people.
"He'll probably… arrive before us."
His heart skips a beat from relief when Angus Ardle answers the phone on the second ring. Leaning against the wall in the kitchen, Sherlock explains his predicament. Ardle replies that he'll be "royt theeer", which Sherlock deciphers as a promise to render assistance in the near future.
BMA = British Medical Association. This is the doctors’ collegial union that negotiates pay contracts etc. The GMC is the General Medical Council, a government body monitoring the competency and ethical conduct of doctors. If you do something naughty as a physician, the BMA will still be your friend, but the GMC is the people you need to be very, very afraid of.
_____________
who've contracted this, why would they choose me for such an experimental treatment?"
John receives them and starts reading. They're surgical notes from an ophthalmologist. "God, it's been a while since I had to deal with this stuff. Eye notes are always full of abbreviations nobody else understands. It's a bit like gynae in that respect––"
doctors in particular, are
"You know I loathe dinner parties. But I like having dinner with you. And I like talking to you, but my enjoyment of it can easily be ruined by not knowing what you want of me."
"Because he was angry at you after you faked your suicide?" It's not often Ella is so blunt. "Life is not quid pro quo, Sherlock. Instead of demanding to know other people's expectations about how you should grieve for John, look inward, and tell yourself what it is you need or don't need. What it is you want to tell him, and how."
am?!" John shouts.
one. And that means he cannot afford any shoddiness.
,' the older Holmes had stated dryly in the corridor outside Sherlock's room as you and he listened to Sherlock arguing with a phlebotomist he considered utterly useless. '
He inhales when he realises he should have brought something. On offering of a beverage or snack, perhaps. Now, he's only brought himself as though that's something that ever surprises people positively.
. There's plenty of research saying that any physicians who take call and healthcare employees who do night shifts are more at risk of many mental and physical ailments.
"My name is Sherlock Holmes. I am a Consultant in Neurosurgery at London's King's College Hospital. I received my medical degree from Cambridge along with a PhD in Biomedical Engineering. I am the inventor of several models of anti-siphon shunt valves which should vastly improve the lives of many children and, by extension, their parents."
cancelled my case?"
bolus = a single injection as opposed to an infusion which is a continuous way of administering a medication
"I know," John says. He sounds…
"Did Greg put you up to this, to ask me all these questions?"
, John curses inwardly.
It sounds familiar. "Yep, I think that's it."
"Alright," John says.
Instead, she reaches her hand over to give Sherlock's shoulder a pat before buttering up her bread roll. "How do you find that? I've read that there are techniques one can learn, courses for developing those skills?" Violet making this suggestion hesitantly, eyes fixed on Sherlock to gauge how her message will be received.
"Can I…" John starts, removes his hand from the bottle as he twists his torso so that they are facing each other fully. He gently places his palm on Sherlock's cheek, "…may I kiss you?"
Sherlock can barely register the words, lost in the roar of a gale of desire in his head. "Yes," he manages shakily, eyes drifting closed as John starts to suck and bites at a sinewy spot on his neck close to his ear. Pain and pleasure mingle like a plunge at wintertime into the Thames — so cold it feels oddly like hovering a palm above a candle. "Yes, John."
"Let what out?" He's challenging you to say what's on your mind so that he can dismiss it as poppycock. So that he won't have to voice what he feels. What he fears.
"If it were up to me, I'd have gone back to King's the next day."
"I would advise against asking him why he didn't or couldn't talk to you about this. He sees his inability to verbalise his emotions as very much connected to many other things he assumes he can easily fail to do in your marriage. His silence is not an indication of mistrust, John — it's just that he has many long-term thinking patterns which complicate his ability to communicate his needs."
John doesn't speak much while he works, and his silence, not oppressive or expectant, gives space for Sherlock's thoughts. This John has a distinct, memorably presence, but it leaves room for others.
"I'm sorry to hear that," Joanna says, prompting John to elaborate with her inflection.
"I… guess?" John suggests.
He has squeezed his eyes shut, his forehead scrunched up in concentration.
he reminds himself as they extricate from each other.
ITU = intensive treatment unit, a term used at some UK hospitals instead of Intensive Care Unit
a murder. The only purpose of a requiem is an exercise in morbid religious narcissism."
!" he points towards the King's building across the road.
"They're what?"
There's a pregnant pause, during which Sherlock glares at his brother, who has raised his brows in what could only be described as an accusatory manner.
"No," he manages. His nose is stuffy and his tone disgustingly nasal.
He draws a breath. The audience is silent, utterly focused on him.
"I'm not sure. I'll need a ride; there's a Southern Railways strike."
Sherlock thinks the man's tone sounds grotesque in the deflated atmosphere of the theatre. He explains, without any verbal stumbling, the localisation of the tumour and the aneurysms. Lestrade knows who the patient Sherlock is operating on today is, so there's no need to go through their medical background info or identity.
You bite your lip, a wave of fondness hitting you as hard as if you'd opened a door to a storm outside. "He's very sensitive. With his clothes, with his sheets, everything. He's…" you look for words with which Sherlock has never trusted you, diagnoses he has sought to conceal — or perhaps never received, though he'd likely meet the criteria.
"His autism won't define all his responses to this event," Joanna adds. "Literature on neurotypical responses to acute psychological trauma should also prove useful if you need it."
He takes a sip of water, undoes the buttons of his new suit jacket, then second-guesses the decision. Would he look better if he had kept them done?
Sherlock stands up, joins John on the sofa. "They might soon, especially in radiology and anaesthesiology."
John decides he needs to trust Sherlock — to believe he's telling the truth when he says he's not alarmed by their nudity or their closeness, or by John's physical reactions. He trusts that Sherlock will tell him where the line is, should he get close to crossing it. John has lain awake countless nightly hours in his flat on Malta wondering about the questions which now return full force: where is the line? What will Sherlock enjoy, what will he tolerate, and what will put him off?
"Don't want anything on my chest right now."
Their existence might even turn out to be convenient: if John wants to vent his stress and frustration, he can go yell at them. Undoubtedly, the higher-ups at King's are being pestered by phone and email, too, and it's their job to collaborate with the media; John is excusing himself from such duties for the time being.
"I'm not here voluntarily," Sherlock informs him and sticks his hands in his pockets.
"He wouldn't lie."
Upon opening the door, he discovers, that his ears had made the right diagnosis: there are two men in the hall, both dressed in long woollen overcoats, unbuttoned. One wears an impressive array of carefully curated tweed underneath, the other a sleek, black suit. John can tell which one is his patient — the black-suited, skinny one hasn't stuck his left hand in the coat sleeve at all, because his hand is in a white cloth sling tucked against his middle. Generally, when John's athletes arrive with upper limb injuries, said limbs are always strapped into fancy, colourful and ergonomically designed support slings, not what looks like something that's been dug up from someone's coat pocket or car trunk where it has lived for years as a part of those rag-tag first aid kits car manufacturers gift with new vehicles.
"He tried to explain to me why seeing me at Bastion made him uneasy and why he didn't want me to interact with his fellow servicemen there. He considers the RAMC his territory, his environment to excel in. He guards that territory rather fiercely; doesn't want me in there because somehow, my presence produces some inane professional inferiority complex in him."
He doesn't think Sherlock has been all that reckless or self-destructive, but the rest fits.
"Sherlock? Give me your hand." You're used to analyse the pulse from the wrist, that's how you were taught, instead of just watching the neck. This is what you've got available right now without getting the blood pressure meter from the cupboard.
John chuckles, and gently pushes Sherlock off himself to lying next to him. He flips to his side so that they can face each other. He brings the knuckles of Sherlock's left hand, a wedding band adorning the fourth finger, to his lips. Sherlock had once remarked that it's a ridiculously outdated gesture, but the slight hitch in his breath tells John that while that may be true, those skilled hands are yet another sensitive spot John can use to lavish attention on him.
"Not as sorry as me," John says. He stands up. "Maybe it makes sense to you, maybe not, but I don't think I'm good for anyone. You don't get second chances, not when someone dies. You don't get to try again, so I shouldn't. It's just… really lonely out here and when I met you I…" John's eyes go wide, "Fuck, I didn't mean it like that. I mean, I really like you. But it's… it's too complicated for me, which would make it complicated for you. For us. I don't even know what you were looking for, and I'm probably making a fool out of myself for even implying that someone here might have been thinking of more than we… what we did."
"Did Sherlock's brother ask about your hospital stay back in the day? Did you talk to him about the pregnancy?"
John shakes his head. "It's about convenience, Sherlock. A tenner won't buy them a healthy snack tonight; you know the vending machines here are a temptation when you're hungry, and full of nothing but junk." He kicks off his clogs, envious of Sherlock's fancy black trainers which must be much less murder on the heels when he has to stand for hours on end. John has been meaning to get a new pair of trainers after his old ones were stolen from the locker room but hasn't got around to it. The clogs he'd borrowed from the visitor shelf are a size too big and smell of vintage foot sweat.
It had still felt like admitting defeat to ask Mycroft to host his brother, no matter how gracious the older Holmes was about it all.
will launch!
"I guess. It's as if… as if he's always waiting for the whole world to turn on him, to reject him. For a long time, he seemed to assume it was only a matter of time before I'd leave him after somehow realising what he's like. As though I don't
to. Written in three days, the Shostakovich piece was dedicated to the victims of fascism and war, and what else is a doctor's life in the NHS these days?
The DI is right in that Sherlock has never wasted any on such wastes of space, breath and human potential as Colin Valentine Tipps, who the unimaginative press has dubbed "The Carpet Killer". It was a rug, not a carpet he'd wrapped his victims in. On second thought, Sherlock decides he isn't proud of the speed and precision of his own thought processes in this case, after all. It hadn't occurred to him until the third crime scene to look at the kitchens more carefully.
"It does, John. I have no doubt that you have his best interests at heart, and that you are asking for advice because you care about him dearly, but he has not brought this to me. He must have his reasons for that."
"Now, Doctor Holmes, could you elaborate on the undertaking assigned?" the GMC rep presses.
"Anything nice?"
The dates have no relevance, because time had become relative after John was gone.
Halloran leans forward, elbows on the glass table. "Not quite. I believe this will be a play on character — both Mr Fairholme's and yours. And when an everyman motivated by the loss of a wife is contrasted against a large hospital organisation and a surgeon who never even saw her at A&E or justified their decisions––"
He lets out a ragged breath, swirls the water in the glass. "When we left Bastion, they didn't give me any advice on how to… we weren't advised what to do about… They said John's limp was psychosomatic. It was obvious he was exhibiting symptoms of an acute stress reaction — who wouldn't, after getting ambushed and nearly expiring?"
(See the end of the chapter for
John shrugs with the sort of resignation Sherlock has seen in people who've rescinded control over their life to the bottle. Or the needle. He can tell, because he has dabbled with such a lifestyle.
"I just––" now this is where Sherlock realises he should have planned this conversation better, made strategies for varying levels of inebriation.
"The blunt force trauma is a red herring," he tells Lestrade. "Make sure forensics run a full tox screen and tell Molly to find an injection site."
"For how long?" he demands. "Your physician's oath might have made you stick around for this long, but what if––"
I want things that make no sense. Instead of the heady lust and compulsive possessiveness and fierce need to protect I felt for john before, I crave not his body but his presence even when he's right there. I need the way he breaks through my defences. I don’t want to tell him, but I want him to wrench the truth from me, to strip me of choice. Does he care if he just leaves me be? Does he care more if he respects my distance?
"I'll make some tea."
— bed and lay my head on his bare shoulder.
John's arm settles on his stomach. Sherlock decides this is good; when John is very angry with him, he tends to refrain from such contact. Should he ask about John's pain level, fetch him a glass of water so that he can take his pills without having to leave the bed? Sherlock doesn't want to leave this bed now that he has John back in it.
'. He can't know. Not this. Not that it once got like this, and worse."
Hunting the birds required being able to tell apart males from females, knowing the mating times, going out to the remotest areas to sit quietly hidden in reeds for hours with styrofoam decoy birds bobbing on the waves. It's core archipelago culture, and a disappearing bit of it at that. During wars and famine, island people tended to fare better than city folk because they were so much more self-sustaining. I don't hunt but my mother keeps my late father's hunting rifles and shotguns in working shape, and we lay nets in summertime at what used to be my father's house but is now our summer cottage.
John skims the text. "He has pretty good eyesight, but he's on several glaucoma medications because his case has been difficult to manage. Those meds all constrict the pupil, limiting––"
"I raised the topic of some of his behaviours towards you after Afghanistan because you were experiencing anxiety connected to him being convalescent."
seen Sher––
"What big picture? They didn't do anything wrong. I did."
, so how could he have forgot how it all works? This has never been a problem, not really, because he loves having sex with John.
"He's ambulatory, capable of remembering to take his pain medications and taking in enough fluids. He's well enough to go socialise tomorrow and will go back to work on Monday. He doesn't need me. I can't do anything for him."
John tells him it's not necessary. As long as the crowd outside doesn't start ringing the doorbell incessantly, they can be ignored.
"I feel like circumstances beyond both our control have prevented me from knowing my son, too, after he reached his teens."
You're startled when Sherlock sticks out a hand, and your brain scrambles to interpret the gesture. Finally, it dawns that he needs a tissue. He coughs into it, then quickly and covertly folds it up so you don't see what. Aren't you a bit past the point of trying to hide things?
"Then why did he not let
"Let's see if we could get rid of those stitches," John says, wipes his wet hands on his jeans underneath the apron and raincoat, and begins leading Sherlock back to the house. "Or, we could do it after?"
"You should know that I did not put up with your fathers eating habits when he was your age and I will not put up with yours now eat."
Greg smiled as John Sherlock and the twins walked into his flat.
"Duct tape is like the force."
“With what? Us existing?” Lily asked as she and Lucian managed to maneuver themselves between the two.
"Mr. Holmes…your children are a menace. Its only the second day of classes and your children have filled the lockers with crickets, glued down everything on a Professor's desk which they managed to nail to the ceiling, glued a few class doors shut, saran wrapped Professor Tinsdales car which they managed to get onto the roof, and set off confetti cannons in his office…" Headmaster Carey almost snarled making them stare. "Hold on a second….They mainly did this to Professor Tinsdale?" Sherlock asked as the wheels turned in his head at the 'yes'.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Father, Dad. Don't tell me they're yours. How much did you pay for them to say that?" Harriet exclaimed making the twins glare.
“No. These two are teenagers and when told that the only thing standing in their way is doing it themselves, will do it themselves. That is
Sherlock stared at his brother before sprinting to his room to grab his shoes and coat. "Which hospital is he in?" Sherlock shouted as he ran for the door. "Why should I tell you?" Came his brother’s voice which stopped him cold.
"What a Manky Pikey" Raz cursed making them grimace in discomfort. As an orphan himself he hated when children were forced onto the street simply because they were rejected by their parents. Parents who are supposed to love their children unconditionally. " 'Ats 'is name then?" he snarled.
Knowing that the little girl had no wish to be seen Sandra reached out to grab the Medical Examiners hand. "Wait tell me more….Surely you can spare just a few more minutes?" Sandra purred to Andersons delight and watched the girl salute her out of the corner of her eye. "For you I have hours." Anderson drooled making her skin crawl in revolution as the girl leaned back over to drag a boy across to another corridor. "That was cute….now how do I get rid of him?"
~~_~~!
"Yes, biologically they are Sherlocks, but they are mine as well." John tried to explain but obviously confused the woman further.
John shrunk back from the stare of all three Holmes's. Even though he was used to it with Sherlock the weight of three stares was a bit much.
Sebastian watched as the twins clasped hands and Lucian gave his sister a re-assuring smile.
Directly off the plane John and Sherlock took a cab to Greg and Mycrofts flat where they thought (extremely briefly) about knocking. But Sherlock being himself, opened the door to find Greg sitting on the couch reading the paper with no children in sight. "Jes-" He was cut off by John's hand as the doctor a finger to his lips, shushing the detective inspector.
The detective was now hiding behind the wall and thought quickly before giving a single nod.
"Yes I did fall for that and Moriarty fell for Lucians act as well. Congratulations, you managed to pull one over on us, something not even your father could have done."
"Dr. Travis Said"
Chapter:41:Terminal Security and Skynet
John turned towards Lucian who nodded in agreement. "Where did she learn to do that?" He asked making the younger twin smirk. "A guy on our block taught martial arts to a bunch of street kids…she snuck in." Lucian smirked at his sister who glared. "Anyway Lestrade is bringing KYLE over to talk with us about what happened at school." John remarked giving her an approving look. "What did I miss?" Sherlock asked as he walked back into the room, phone in hand.
John sighed yet again and pinched the bridge of his nose. “You’re not living in the living room Sherlock.”
"Okay all Gregs fault...I can live with that."
"Ta…and what are your hobbies?" John asked then shook his head.
________________________________________
“Did they just buy our silence?” Lily asked fingering the black card.
She sighed as she sat back gingerly; it had taken her almost an hour put this device together and she was in the final leg of the race. She carefully re-inserted the battery. The device was ready. Now all that needed to happen was wait until the most opportune time showed then they would be free.
So far, John had only seen Sherlock apologize to him as well as the twins. It was sweet to be honest.
"Now Sherlock, I want you now." John growled and started rifling through Greg’s bedside table looking for anything to use as lube.
"I knew there would be a happy announcement eventually." Mycroft smiled as he handed John a flute of champagne.
So thinking that this would be easy John took Sherlock and the kids to the baker to choose a cake.
Temper temper Sherlock and here I thought we were having such fun! Perhaps your son would like to play in her stead? M
"I STILL CAN'T BELIEVE YOU!"
Chapter Two
Both children seemed to hide in their room and stay out of sight as much as possible.
“Twins, head north east from village. They head here but not know they come.” He said and scooted just a tiny bit closer to John. “I wait for them, they very nice. I help…”
_._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._.
________________________________________
“I did it just said shit…how can you watch your mouth It’s below your eyes….” Lily wondered as she picked up the disinfectant spray.
“We’ll take a flight Mycroft thank you.”
I'm giving mine those little bottles in the fridge
"Actually I finally got him, he said not yet the first time." Sherlock remarked as he walked over to drape an arm around John's waist.
"What are you smiling at?" he snapped and turned around only to miss seeing Lily hiding from his line of sight.
Lily had her legs draped over her brother's lap and he was shifted sideways with his head placed on her shoulder, both sets of eyes glued to the telly. "How…?" John started to ask but Sherlock cut him off by taking the bowl of popcorn from his lap. "Let me" he murmured as he positioned his best friend's legs in his lap, angling him to land on the pillows before leaning over to press his face into the curve of Johns shoulder. "See I was right…comfy."
"I mean what if someone cloned me? Who would you choose? Me or the clone?"
Moriarty struggled not to roll his eyes. The boy was obviously jealous over the time that Sebastian spent with his precious little sister. But he wasn't about to tell him that. "She obviously needs you more then you need her Luce. So stay away from her for a little while and teach her whose boss!" HE said as he looked over the paperwork from china.
Uncle Mycroft was still looking out for her, even after all this time.
Lily smiled remembering that whole argument between John and Sherlock
"What colors should we pick?" Lucian asked his ever present sister who was standing at his elbow. "I like purple you like green…so I'm going to guess purple and green." She smiled sweetly up at him "Alright but which ones? There has to be ten types of green and even more of purple!" he exclaimed throwing his hands up in the air. "I don't know but it's not our money so let's just get the cheapest ones and get out of here." She responded as they picked up said bedding started towards the café, stopping only when Lucian pulled at her arm.
"Of course."
"Oh yay! You're finally awake!" he smiled gleefully making her question his sanity. She would have to play this very carefully. 'Princess bedding, pink room, dolls, tea set. he thinks I'm a child, a scared child...I can work with this.' She thought quickly before running over and lifting one of the wooden chairs over her head. "Who are you? Where am I? Where is Lucian and Kyle? Why did he knock me out?" She demanded making sure he saw the tears in her eyes, the tremor in her body and the quiver in her lip. Her body language screaming out to everyone: help I'm a scared little girl trying to be strong'.
YOU: who's there?
"Probably not."
Sherlock bolted out of the car and into the waiting room. "John Watson." the girl behind the desk held up a finger as she chatted on the phone with what sounded like her boyfriend.
_._._._._._._._._._._._._._
Jim was sitting at his desk when Lucian walked into his office, covered in red paint. "What the hell happened to you?" He asked staring at the teenager. "Lily booby trapped my room" he growled and started to sit down in the chair but then thought better of this. "Where did she get the red paint from?" Jim asked astounded.
"Hey John." They said in unison mainly to watch him fidget. "How did he survive?" Lily asked ignoring her brother who poked her with the sharp end of a pencil.
"You took these pictures?"
"Sherlock, Lucian out. Both of you." John said as he entered his new patient's room to find both of them hovering over her. "But John!" they both protested even as they were tossed out of the room.
“Does that mean we’re done?”
"Sebastian?" She asked so quietly that if it was not silent in the room he would have missed it. "Yes Lily?"
"I just-"
“And no one is sad”
It only took a week and a half before Sherlock started whinging. First it started with the fact that he was bored ('Sex only helps relieve the boredom so much Jawn!') then it was the fact that he didn't like the climate. Then it was the food. Then it was the people. (They're too nice John. They must be plotting something!)
"I miss the children! Alright? Are you happy now that I have said it? I miss our children!" The detective roared at his blogger who couldn't help but smile. "Oh thank god. What the hell are we doing here anyways?" John laughed as he sat down next to his husband and leaned against him. "We're on a honeymoon. Everyone said it was supposed to be romantic and secluded with only the two of us." Sherlock rumbled feeling ashamed over his actions. "Sherlock...we aren't that kind of couple. I love you. I really do. But we aren't the type of people to just spend a month in a bed and breakfast with only ourselves for company." John soothed as he started to rub his husbands back. "Why not?" The detective was confused.
John takes off his coat and drapes it on May's shoulders; he should be fine for a while in his suit jacket. "Did you see what happened?" he asks May.
It had been a relief for her when that…
Sherlock is startled to realise — after tearing himself out of his own head and glancing at the wall clock — that he's been sitting in the DI's office for an hour after the case originally wrapped up with a press conference. Gone is the crime scene, and hours have passed. A murderer-kidnapper has been caught, the remains of the victim located.
Medical term explanation at the end of the chapter as usual. Time to find out how the surgery went.
Sherlock grabs a handful of the ECG wires a lab technician has just attached to his chest for his daily film and rips them out theatrically, half the electrodes peeling off his chest and half of the wires just separating at the snaps. He then drops the entire pile onto the floor. "Self-discharge forms.
they say in England, remember?" she chastises him with a smile.
He puts away the decorative pillow he'd picked up. The usual nervousness and sense of being put on the spot which has always characterised his visits to the therapist has fused with a pervasive blandness that confounds him. He doesn't feel motivated to engage with her — or anyone.
"We imitate patterns we see at home, especially in times of stress. Violence outsources responsibility, diverts blame, transposes shame onto another person. Behaviour that serves those same purposes takes many forms." Suddenly, she comes up with a new angle. Could changing the semantics change the game? "I apologise if how I chose to frame things is unacceptable. As I said, I need to hear from you to do better. How would you describe John's behaviour towards you when you were at Bastion together and after you returned home?"
"Indeed. He's had a busy year and I don't find it surprising that his reserves are low right now."
"There are several in Haywards Heath," Violet replies. "I don't know which one of them would offer emergency services on a Sunday."
"How have things been lately?" John asks Andrew after an Institute secretary had ashed Sherlock to sign some papers in her office. The PhD student had escorted John to the break room and given him a mug of tea.
“It was just three nights, Sherlock.
is exquisite — it's just that everything tastes like ashes these days. "My bedroom business is my own. Why the hell are we discussing this?"
one of my worst binges.
When he wakes up, the sun has shifted to a position that signals afternoon. He curses; he'd only meant to have a nap, not sleep for hours.
The cab pulls up at a row of semi-detached houses lining the edge of Oxford's South Park. Sherlock slips out of the cab before any negotiations about who's going to cover the cost are made. John shrugs, pays the cabbie, and clambers out to find Sherlock standing on the pavement with his duffel bag. They're in front of a white building with red bricks decorating the doorways.
Dr Stam––
He wraps his arms around Sherlock's waist, then slides his palms down to grab hold of the tight arse just within his reach. This brings their cocks to press against each other, separated now only by their pants.
"Why would I talk to her when I don't know what's wrong!"
"Right." Unconvinced, John gives the desk clerk a glare for good measure.
"What do you want?" Sherlock demands brusquely.
"But it won't! He didn't choose this; didn't choose the brain he has. I love him," John says and feels a flush of emotion — maybe the waning effects of the oxycodone he took hours ago are still making him overtly emotional. Then again, maybe that's not a bad thing if Sherlock needs some attention. "I would never think worse of him for having a hard time."
"She's herniating," Sherlock declares.
This second apology does little to assuage Sherlock's annoyance.
?" had been Victor's only comment.
"Your confidence took a knocking, and you had a horrible reminder of the narrow margins between success and failure. Of course, you'd be rattled by that — anyone would be. You really should consider talking to Joanna about this."
John shares his story in small pieces, changing the subject when emotion threatens to break through. It's just under the top layer of his being, a riptide below a deceptively calm surface. Sherlock has tried to encourage him by sharing things from his own past, though he cannot know if his story is welcome or interesting. He offers little commentary to anything Sherlock says about his family, and Sherlock wonders why. Is family in all its forms too laden a topic? John seems to think that Sherlock's work is fascinating, even after Sherlock had corrected his assumption that he is an official MI6 operative. He responds favourable to stories of cases Sherlock has solved, so he uses any segue he can find to entertain John when the man gets broody. Listening to Sherlock's case stories, John says things like '
He shakes his head. Other people find solace in such rituals, and when only mildly upset, he's not immune to the calming effects to a warm mug he can wrap his fingers around, but it wouldn't work now.
" Sherlock bellows, staring at the torn aneurysm sack. He picks the coil out and drops it on Jane's instrument table. It never had enough time to clot and isolate the aneurysm from the patient's circulation. It's useless now that Sherlock has torn the entire thing open. "I never read them, because the average radiologist understands nothing about surgery, so I always look at all the images myself!"
"And it works? I mean, it's as good as your own?"
Sherlock ignores that; he has drawn a much-needed breath and can continue his verbal barrage. "We already know the worst about each other, but I might add that sometimes I don't talk for days on end and I play the violin, sometimes at odd hours. We both have nightmares so that makes us even in a way, you can take the bedroom upstairs, or we could share, or––"
[00:29] Alright.
"I don't," Sherlock confirms, "get
"You're right — I have no desire whatsoever to have dealings with the GMC or their MPTS service. I'd prefer not to participate in some idiotic internal investigation, either."
"I don't like surprises." Sherlock needs to analyse and plan ahead how he should react to gifts. Surprises eliminate all his chances of finding a socially acceptable manner in which to behave.
"Is someone there? William?"
Sherlock gathers his knees tighter into the ring of his arms.
John looks down, his expression sober. "Come back tomorrow but make it early. I'm going fishing."
, he begs the universe.
"How would you have answered those questions if Sherlock had read the letter?"
on Sunday you frequent, for pretending you're like people you have classified as safe and normal, even though you stick out like a sore thumb for not belonging among them. It's all over you like a foul smell, John, that you're not supposed to be here."
"Perhaps he worries, just as you do, about disappointing his partner," Doctor Pichler suggests carefully.
"This is not rocket science," Joanna smiles. "Be his husband. You know how to do that."
When office hours end and the anaesthetist on call adopts the phone of Hades, John goes downstairs to the lockers to change. There's no sign of Sherlock, so he sends a text to ask if he's waiting by the car. John's got the keys since he's got the only driver's licence in the household.
“She can be terribly stern,” Sherlock admits.
He wants John's story almost as much as he wants his body, wants to cherish and memorise the words he would be trusted with, just as he'd revere that skin. He can almost imagine reaching out to touch John’s salt-raw skin, to have a feel of that coarse hair, to slip a hand underneath the jumper to tug at a belt.
," he spits out the word like a cherry pit.
Sheets rustle and the wooden frame creaks a bit as Sherlock shifts closer, shoves a leg between John's, drapes an arm across his waist, scoots downwards so that he can press his face against John's chest. Sherlock reaches down to pull the weighted blanket over them up to his neck; it's warm and heavy, a cocoon sealing them off from the world. John strokes his shoulder underneath the covers, wondering if it's his thrumming heartbeat Sherlock is focusing on. There's an urgency, a need in how Sherlock clings to him — as though he'd finally given in to the desire to do so.
Sherlock peers into his mouth, gently pressing the tongue down with the handle of the spoon. The muscles at the back of John's mouth try to contract several times; he is working hard not to gag. His throat looks painfully, angrily red, and his soft palate is only slightly swollen on the left side but bulging significantly on the right, making the uvula look as if it's wedged tight between two walls of flesh. There isn't a lot of airway space left in the back of the mouth cavity. The tonsils are coated with a yellowish film, and there is bacterial halitosis which makes Sherlock crinkle his nose. He hopes he won't catch whatever this is since he's not wearing a mask and had kissed John last night.
"That was some of your best work," Lestrade praises.
Sherlock carries an armful of firewood into the house, and once he has the kitchen stove and the sitting room fireplace going, he digs out the note that had been in the plastic bag.
"I don't know. Looks to be just a lot of sitting around," John curses.
"I don't. People here don't really ask so many questions," she says, suddenly defiant, gaze roving up and down Sherlock's form. "We need to respect his privacy. He's never been gone for more than two days at a time."
"Never answered your question," John suddenly says. "About the village."
John has done the same to him, left an invisible scar, because he'd arrived at a time when Sherlock's defences were down. They were down because he had not been looking for anything. He hadn't been looking, but John had come into his life regardless, stumbled in without permission and dug a trench in his chest he keeps trying and failing to fill with other things.
You're just about ready to march out for some air, when Mycroft walks in, a picnic basket out of all conceivable possibilities on his arm and what looks like a laptop sleeve under the other. Soon, Sherlock has been gifted with a pair of high-end noise-cancelling earphones and a laptop full of classical music. You try to imagine Mycroft Holmes pulling some hapless minion off the duty of watching over the Taliban to fill his brother's MacBook to the brim with the multiphobic Greek sonnets of Whatsits, or whatever it was that music thing you once heard the two brothers discussing animatedly.
"Whisky, John?" Mycroft asks. Though he is not a pet-keeping person, the older Holmes brother seems to have found what has just transpired sobering enough to warrant a stiff drink.
It’s nothing but biology, a chemistry he now recognises as highly destructive. Letting uncontrolled things smoulder in his psyche would be the emotional equivalent of setting fire to dry gunpowder. He knows turning back, withdrawing from the islanders, John included, would be the sensible thing to do, the thing his brother would advise him to execute.
"Mostly about waking up and finding him dead. He was at the hospital, not our house, when the Dengue was at its worst."
You're tempted to remind Sherlock that it's important to be honest about pain levels — badly treated acute post-operative pain is a risk factor for long-term pain problems. It's just that he's got a history, the kind that you know also predisposes him to drug-seeking behaviour. Any self-assessment of pain levels from a patient is subjective at best, but there are no objective measurements of pain that can be done bedside. You'll have to take his word for it, in the context of what you see on the monitors.
How could he be himself if he hasn't
Sherlock groans and tilts his head back against the pillows, suddenly assaulted by the oddly, obscenely arousing mental image of John waiting for him to come home, thinking about doing this to him.
"Recognising and expressing emotions is a language you were often told was beyond your learning capacity. You've had a lot of catching up to do as an adult. And you've done well, especially for an individual on the ASD Spectrum."
"I'm sorry," Sherlock suddenly says. "For derailing your expectations about tonight."
I look up from the cirrhotic liver cells on my slides. John looks determined; beyond that, his expression is hard to read. "What?"
John didn't want to assume he'd be sharing Sherlock's bed, though he rather hoped that would be the case. This is Sherlock's life and world and home; maybe he isn't quite comfortable letting John all the way into his inner sanctum just yet.
"His ability to dissociate and compartmentalise may actually be useful in allowing himself a respite from the stress. But make no mistake — he will need to decompress eventually about what happened. Thinking about how to bring that about is something you can leave to me for now."
, Sherlock," John quotes the Oath.
When he'd asked Angus about local birds to make conversation, the lighthouse-keeper had brought out an old book, pages dotted with fly droppings, that featured a chapter on the founding of the Noup Cliffs Nature Reserve and a list of prominent local species. Angus had launched into a lively explanation on the puffins, occasionally chuckling with a wide grin, revealing his half-missing, browned teeth. He’d then pointed above a kitchen cabinet housing old blue-and-white china. There sat a dusty, taxidermied puffin next to a similarly immortalised gannet.
"It's not your capability for carnal pleasures I have doubted — it is your ability to walk away without regret or attachment afterwards. You were never careful with your heart. When you have given it to someone, you have done so without even realising you'd gifted it away."
"Doctor John Watson, though he was not a chaperone. I am aware of the difference between the terms as per the GMC's official undertakings glossary. A chaperone is a compulsory shadow for pre-defined situations; a mentor is an advisor for a person allowed to carry on with their work independently. I find assigning a mentor a much less severe sanction semantically."
"And you." The words barely make it out before a yawn splits your face.
"That's how it works, Violet," John explains just as his father-in-law joins them at the table. "We do get upset sometimes when there's a tough case, but we can't get too emotionally involved all the time. We couldn't do our jobs if we did."
The sun is lingering on the horizon as Sherlock makes his third trek of the day, this time to John's house. He's carrying fresh empire biscuits in a paper bag — the visitor centre lady had practically ordered him to go buy some from the café to take home since they were fresh today. Sherlock is not certain how much difference being eaten on the day of baking makes to jam combined with round, flat bits of shortbread, but at least he has something to present to John as guest gift.
"I don't know," John admits. "Did they get an ambulance crew in?"
John kisses Sherlock on the cheek. "I'll see you on Friday, yeah? Got my call swapped to next Wednesday and took a day off so that we can have a long weekend together."
He hasn't felt the impulse to browse news websites in several days. Admittedly, it had become a vicious circle in London. He couldn't
Sherlock leans back in his chair, turning slightly to look at John whose gaze is patient but expectant. "That was… good."
Your apologetic smiles feel so toothless and disloyal towards your fellow physicians. You should speak up, take charge, get Sherlock to just stop.
It takes him two tries to slam the receiver back on the phone, and he barely makes it to the bedroom before his vision narrows again and he starts hearing a sound that resembles putting a large seashell on his ear. He lets his eyes drift closed until he hears a familiar old motorcycle stutter to a stop outside. Leaning on his elbows and lifting the curtain, Sherlock sees that Angus has parked it right next to the front steps this time. It has a sidecar — how had Sherlock missed that the last time? It had been parked sideways, but it's not typical of him to be so unobservant.
The therapist starts asks him questions he can answer with just a nod or a shake of his head. No, nothing significant has happened at home. No, there hasn't been anything particularly challenging going on at work. No, he's not argued with John. Having to analyse these things seems to defog some of Sherlock's thinking, and he manages to square his shoulders and look directly at Doctor Pichler.
Sherlock walked in to find both of his children hugging his lover in the kitchen. “Sweet as that is why does it look like a cocaine lab exploded in here?” He asked while backing away from the children and his John.
"Alright"
They had escaped Moriarty's clutches now the tricky part was finding out where they were.
“You should always ask”
"Not now!" Sherlock shouted making Anderson smirk. "Oh so right now is a bad time for a drugs bust? Ooh he must be hiding something good!" Sally said with glee, for she still believed him to not only be a fraud but a killer as well. "Seriously Lestrade this is an extremely bad time for you to do this… Why are you doing it anyway?" John asked making Lestrade sigh. "I have been trying to call Sherlock for the last two days and not only he has not answered a single one of them but he never responded to any of my texts. So that automatically means that I have to do a drugs bust since that is the only thing that would keep him from answering." Greg honestly looked saddened by the fact and even Sherlock knew that this duty weighed on him.
"When I was little I used to get sick and Mycroft...He would read to me...i thought perhaps that It was worth a try?" He pondered as he sat on the corner of her bed up against the headboard. "What book Is It?" Lily asked as she guzzled some water.
Lucian stared at the man, unmoving until he felt Lily pinch his back. "Wait...Sherlock isn't our father."
Both children immediately started arguing, but John was having none of it.
From Lucian
Sherlock glared at his lover suddenly looming over him. "My children are not insane or unbalanced in anyway."
"Right go to the park get him to the clinic while I go have a little talk with my little brother." Mycroft said through gritted teeth. There was no doubt in his mind who was at fault for John's current condition.
Lily grinned at that news. She had forgotten that Moran was to be sent on 'special assignment' tomorrow. "Nice! Now the only problem is..."
"What was that all about?" Sherlock asked to his son's embarrassment. "Lily's…a girl." Was all he could say then mentally slapped himself at his father's confused expression. "She…Girls are made differently and well…" he trailed off as his sister and John returned.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock stared at the message with a mixture of panic and horror gripping his heart. I can't let them get hurt…But HOW? He asked himself then groaned in frustration as him mind palace went blank with worry.
Both twins were sitting in the car and eyeing the town with extreme suspicion. They were also whispering to each other…this did not bode well.
"Well that's one way to shut her up…" Lily smiled at her father. "She makes me fear for the human race…" Sherlock growled then strolled out of the room.
John just gave a small smile and pressed back against his best friend as he saw the twins slowly approach from the side to embrace him as well.
Lucian and Lily walked over to the two on the couch (To be fair Lucian dragged Lily). "Hello….John we wish to apologize for our previous behavior today as well as our remarks over the uniforms…" Lucian said looking contrite while Lily only looked perturbed. "Thank you…are either of you two hungry?" John asked with a smile moving away from their father. "Famished.
John moved to kneel between the two beds placing a hand on their still clasped fingers. "Sherlock…he did go through something and did do drugs for a while but then he found something better and he has been clean ever since…or at least he's been trying very hard to stay clean and hasn't taken anything willingly. If he wasn't then Mycroft would never have brought you two into this house. It would be an unsafe environment and I would NEVER allow for a child to be subjected to that kind of environment." John said rubbing a hand over his face. "Even though it would kill both of us…if he ever relapsed I would NOT let him keep you…"
Female is hyper intelligent and suffers from what seems to be PTSD while the male suffers from acute panic attacks he seems to be just as intelligent.
"What? He only gave me ten!"
"You're right, I'll see you later Duncan."
“Wait! You have no idea what’s going on and-“John had tried to explain every quickly but was cut off by a shout from Lucian as Anderson almost dragged both of the twins downstairs.
To land right on Lestrades lap.
“You should give them away for nothing. After all they are his children and he could easily get custody of them if need be.” The man turned to glare at their mother. “But since I know you will not let them go without a fight over monetary issues here.”
See stupid but it made you smile (hopefully
"The window is always an option." Lily finished with a bright smile then growled as John pulled her away only to push her towards Sherlock. "What do you want Harriet?"
"I don't know but the other cop seemed to like Sherlock, going to bat for him like that. I want to know is how he saved his life…" Lily asked and smiled at her brother as he yawned. "Well either way I'm going to keep my eyes opened and make up my own mind…" She whispered as her brother fell asleep.
"Short for Electromagnetic Pulse"
Squeeze
“Alright you two are in this room, Lestrade and I are three doors down. Now put everything away and we will be on our way.”
Thankfully she wasn’t seeing them until Wednesday so that gave her plenty of time to make up question sheets and a few ‘get to know you’ projects. They would love that, after all they were only fifteen how bad could they be?”
I'm terrified to love for the first time
The next few days concerned John as he noticed Sherlock becoming secretive and slightly withdrawn. He would walk over to say something to his lover and Sherlock would stuff his phone into his pocket. Or he would just walk away while he was on his phone.
"You're always there. You're always at my side and I've taken advantage of that. I've taken advantage of you, something I never should have done. But I don't blame you if you never want to see me again because let’s be honest. I need you a hell of a lot more than you need me."
Does he want to involve Greg simply because he doesn't like addressing problems like this on his own? Because he'd like someone else to sort Sherlock's issues out?
Something small and papery flutters onto his half-bare stomach. His dressing gown has slipped open because the sash is too loose. He picks up the offending item — a concert ticket. Berlioz' Grand Messe des Morts, opus five as performed by the visiting Vienna Philharmonic. "I don't like Berlioz."
John sighs, pinches his nose and gives an apologetic grimace to the seven people waiting for him to resume the briefing he'd been giving to the other service sector heads about how the OR unit epidemic preparations are advancing. "Can you… just give the phone to Fiona, will you?"
Sherlock is unsure, suddenly, whether he'd based the decision to get rid of the drugs on fear or certainty of victory over the cravings of his brain. Should he have treated tonight as just the first hurdle — held on to the bag so that he could seek consolation repeatedly from being able to resist the temptation? He grunts in frustration, descends upon the sofa again, and decides to call Collings. Why should he care if the ENT detests being bothered late at night? It's hardly different from being on call to which Collings must be well-accustomed. Once his colleague picks up, Sherlock tries to refrain from whining about the slowness of the lab results and the lack of immediate call-back from the junior earlier in the day but ends up still voicing his opinions on how the ENT unit should run if they cared at all about patient satisfaction and efficacy. He inquires about Collings' assessment of John's progress and asks him to confirm the discharge schedule. Listening to Collings explain patiently that John is expected to make a full recovery, Sherlock is surprised to find that the reassurance vexes instead of soothing his nerves. He knows he shouldn't have called, but he can't help himself, and that is what's so disheartening. He just can't let things go, and that must be why all these old, useless things are slipping into his dreamscape.
"GDMO?"
The day he's discharged, he can't settle anywhere; he follows you around to the point of exhaustion, touching items but not picking them up, getting food from the fridge and not eating it. He's aimless, haunted, and you can't come up with a single damned thing you could do or say to help save from yelling at him to sit down. It won't help, so you let him wander. Recovering from getting helped up the stairs had momentarily wrung him dry, so he'd accepted a lie-down and a cup of tea initially, but by the time the sun sets on the day of his discharge, you start to feel like you're watching a newly captured zoo animal.
"Oh. So I was right. Mother's instincts, you see. Though we weren't sure for a long time if you were interested at all in finding someone. There are people like that, you know. Asexual," Violet informs him.
, Sherlock counters.
"At least today they do," John smirks. "Halloran was alright, though."
Violet flaps her wrist dismissively; the gesture is similar to what Sherlock sometimes does. "Well, he did look for you for a few days, but you know how animals are," Violet consoles her son, "they live very much in the now. He never seemed unhappy as long as he got his walks and his treats. And you must have noticed how delighted he always was when you came to visit."
Mycroft fishes out his Blackberry from his pocket. "He'll be occupied by tending to the dog. I shall forward that information to them right away."
"Aren't we calling it?" asks Bethany.
You have no idea how he could run the distance of half of London and not even get all that winded even though he never really exercises on purpose. Nature has gifted him with some very wonky genetics.
John can't remember a lot from yesterday if he assumes he's extended a kind invitation for a day out on the waves.
“But what do
Sherlock sees, but he doesn't observe. Sex doesn't alarm him, but perhaps the kind of love that has bloomed between you does because it is as subtle as it is relentless. He has these fears because you matter, you realise. And it took a near-death experience for you to stop fearing the monumentality of that truth. Of what you've grown to mean to each other.
You lean closer to make sure and find relief in how his eyes are not shifting under nearly translucent, delicate lids. He's calm. He's resting. He's not in pain.
"I hope you have a plan how to taper these off to avoid side effects?"
~~_~~!
(See the end of the chapter for
John waited for a second before sighing. “Care to fill me in?”
"Where would you put it?"
The twins whispered between themselves as they came up the stairs after school.
All three adults watched as the twins turned slightly to stare at each other for a second before giving almost imperceptible nods.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"And I would let you take them." Came a deep baritone from the doorway making them jump. John stood so quickly that he lost his balance and fell onto Lily's bed. "Sherlock I…" he started but stopped when the young girl wrapped her arms around his neck effectively stopping him mid sentence. "It's my fault, Luce and I saw the state you were in and assumed the worse and John overheard us and corrected…me." Lily babbled but stopped when Sherlock sat at the end of her bed. "It's alright, I knew that I would eventually have to confront this issue with you two but I never thought it would be so soon. If I ever fell back into that life I would hope that John gets the two of you out of here as quickly as possible…But I honestly don't see me doing that any time soon." Sherlock announced pulling John against him before answering the 'why' that pervaded the room. "You see…the only reason that I did it in the first place was…boredom. For me boredom is extremely….unsettling. My thoughts race and I just needed something to stop it…but now I have you three and….life is anything but boring now. Plus I really do not want to disappoint you three… Mycroft can go soak his head for all I care, but you three mean the world to me and I don't want to lose that."
"Uh huh," Lestrade replies proudly. His face falls when he finds no echo for his enthusiasm on Sherlock's features.
"Wait," John says after he's rescinded the laptop and Sherlock has turned to leave. "Can we…"
He'd been so longing for tea that surveying the land hadn't been a priority. Now, he pushes sweaty locks off his forehead and turns on his heel, allowing himself a break.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Violet?"
Exuding irate superiority is how Sherlock compensates for moments when he's reminded of his mortality. The best way to stay on his graces then is to show respect for that, to not call him out on it.
He stands up, starts pacing. "The victim suffered a blow to the head, causing a brain injury which made him incapable of being interviewed. All we have to reconstruct their encounter are the wounds and the crime scene."
"Do you remember anything involving a lot more pain, the sound of suctioning or drilling?"
"That documentary is
John stops in his tracks. "What?"
____________
He can't remember when he'd last kissed John like this. Before he left London, John had been peppering his lips with sad, chaste lip-presses designed for consolation, and their tone had felt sickening to Sherlock. He wants this, instead; a reminder that wherever he is, his husband is always with him in spirit.
"I belong here now. There's a difference."
“Right now.”
"Thank God I haven't, no."
"You need to be particularly responsible during casual encounters, then."
"What's that supposed to mean? Men like
"You've got enough tachycardia episodes as is," John reminds him. "And you'll get diabetes to boot if you keep living off those."
Sherlock blinks, clearly not registering what John is talking about.
In Sherlock's experience, people are more likely to cling to things and places after a death in the family than to abandon them. Sometimes, people even execute a strange mix of the two — Mycroft never really visiting their childhood home, but turning it into some hideous boutique hotel instead of selling it is a case in point.
"John wasn't in the right mental state to discuss things at that time, either."
"Shouldn't you be asking questions? My name, allergies, how this happened?" Sherlock suggests.
John shakes his head and adopts a determined stride towards his lover.They haven't seen each other — Skype and phone calls and emails just aren't the same — in two months. After two weeks of bliss on Malta, Sherlock had returned home, and the next month had been busy as he re-established control over the Centre and its finances and fended off reporters desperate for a comment from the man who had brought James Moriarty's business empire down. Moriarty himself had left the country, or so Sherlock had told John.
"Together, yeah?" you ask, rhetorically, trying to reassure yourself as much as him.
The kitchen door slams open as Sherlock runs into the back garden, instantly spotting John on the ground. He drops to his knees in the grass, too, not caring about grass stains.
On a marginally lighter note: I posed the question at the end of the last chapter why our mercurial neurosurgeon might be particularly allergic to trust exercises. The answer can be found in
"Look, maybe you don't… maybe you're not interested in hearing this, but…" John starts.
"I shouldn't have made such a big deal about the nightmares. I should have known you'd insist on over-analysing them, reading too much into all this. I am
"We never had a first date, unless committing a crime to solve a medical mystery counts," he declares.
There's a pink tint on John's cheeks now, which Sherlock realises is anger. His fists have even clenched. This is unexpected.
fast." Sherlock pins John with his gaze, but gets lost in John's kind, blue irises as though he's stepped into the eye of a marsh and sunk from view. He cannot be angry at this man, cannot push him away when he's right there, alive and beautiful and brittle like early December ice.
Sherlock wonders.
"And there is implicit recall, which are things we experienced but cannot recall directly, but which affect our behaviour afterwards," Marsh concludes.
according to the demands of his family. Now, he'd give me his stem cells. I'm quite speechless. And embarrassed.
"When we love someone, we have to take down our defences to open ourselves up to be loved in return. That makes it hard for us to protect ourselves if that person hurts us. Even when their behaviour is understandable, it hurts. When John apologised for his behaviour, what did you respond?"
"I'm afraid he is still rounding on the cancer ward. I do have one of our junior doctors here…?"
"Believe me, half the Cambridge Dictionary would be the wrong words right now," you console her.
"I made a mistake and now you think I'm even failing at dealing with it." Sherlock burrows under the duvet and turns to his side so that he's facing away from John who has come to sit at the foot of the bed.
In hindsight, maybe there were signs John should have paid more attention to in the last few weeks. Such as Sherlock asking him three times at lunch about a case detail that he shouldn't have felt apprehensive about at all. It was a marginal detail about a patient he hadn't yet even operated on. Lestrade has remarked that Sherlock's case notes have become twice the length they used to be. The senior surgeon then said that he'd seen this before from doctors who'd got chewed out by an MPTS Tribunal about their record-keeping.
"Does she think such a need exists?"
levosimendan = a drug that makes the heart muscle more sensitive to calcium and consequently causes it to pump harder
Today, things
has touched him in that reverent way John had — as if Sherlock’s pleasure and safety was more important than his own.
The Massive Transfusion Protocol compels the blood bank to start sending up blood products in pre-planned packages. The patient's blood type has been determined before surgery, and a standard crossmatch done as well to make sure there are immunologically safe blood products available at the time of the operation.
After a frustrating start, he finds the right angle for getting through the dense wood, and the correct strength with which to strike. After chopping the branch, he finds some small logs under a tarp. They are dry enough that they should catch fire with the help of crumpled-up paper. Some of them are pine, perhaps even Scots pine; they must have been brought in from mainland since there are very few trees in the stretch of coastline Sherlock can now see in the light of day.
"It's not a death sentence," John repeats, "and I won't let you live as though it were."
John, however, looks determined. "It was also pretty fucking great. How the hell do you even do it — make me feel like I'm fifteen again and copping my first feel? I'll start with the honesty right now. At some point, I might get frustrated with you. Make that many times. It might grate on my confidence that I can't give you what you just gave me, so you'll have to do a lot of convincing that what we do is enough for you."
"You know Greg. I know Greg. He's not like that."
"Sherlock wasn't answering his phone. Not unusual, of course, but I couldn't help wondering if everything was alright."
John extricates from their embrace and picks up his hand, slipping fingers between Sherlock's. "I always want to listen to you. I just don't know how useful I can be."
"What's going on? Why
"My achievements in the very limited things at which I excel at."
quit the sessions after two months. I never wanted to attend them in the first place, but as long as Natch was there with me, he was… tolerable. Much better than the charlatans you dragged me to as a child."
"It's just as you said — we made the decision because of him. He’s our son and we love him and didn't want to give up on him by spending much of the time and energy he needed on a third child. I wanted him to have the best chance of a good life under the circumstances, the best chance of getting along with others! There was only one of me there for him since George was away so much; if we'd had another baby George worried that it could only have worked if we put Sherlock into— into—
He's always been good at public speaking when it comes to medicine, but he loathes public attention when it's about him.
"But how are you here?" Violet demands.
"Yeah, sure, but what I was saying is that not even if someone's bloody Mengele, it doesn't warrant somebody else killing more people."
__________
"Must I?" John smirks. "Maybe my preference is to watch you enjoy yourself."
"Anderson's doing the biopsy," Lestrade tells Sherlock. "He had a cancellation, so it all worked out well."
. "Um, yes," he lies, thoroughly fed up with being the city-dweller underdog.
“Harriet?”
"It's called
_____________
"It's good, good, fine. Your boss, he come to see me after operation, say tumour all gone. Then I fly home to Belgrade."
He picks up the raincoat from the floor, considers leaving his shirt on the floor and covering his bare torso with just the raincoat in a hurry to get out. He'd have to carry his Belstaff bundled up under his arm, but it would get wet in this storm. It shall stay here with the thousand questions Sherlock wants to ask, but knows he shouldn't. It is beginning to seem likelier and likelier that John Watson never had any answers for him.
a courtship?"
"I told him it was unnecessary."
John takes a seat across the desk. "Consulting detective? Is that like a private eye?"
be done, then it
to say, isn't it?!" Sherlock snaps. "All you ever need to do is to shove patients full of tubes and then second-guess the surgeons who have to make the tough decisions and face the consequences!"
"I want to see my patient."
He exists.
you cheat on her?"
______________
"Wow. Um…" John's eyes go wide, then he shakes his head. "No. I just… that's all I ever wanted with a bloke, I think. Just couldn't imagine how it could be more. You can't really build a future on that, can you?"
"You know as well as I do that it's a team effort! And I just made the decision that
Sherlock’s eyes go wide. “Surely, there are more preparations that need to be taken than jus the CT––“
Why hadn't he understood that he could talk to John like this? That he doesn't need a ghostly voice on the phone, the proverbial shallow grave of self-destruction, or anybody's permission? John is in his head and in his heart and in the memories of his skin. He doesn't need a computer algorithm to tell him what John would have thought or said. Not even the world's best microchip could approximate what it felt like to trail his hand down John's stomach or to fall asleep in his arms. All that belonged — still belongs — to him, all of it stored on his own hard drive. All of it, safely preserved in his Mind Palace.
, Sherlock reminds himself;
"Because of the embellished version
[platonic friendship]
John tears out of the kitchen so fast he knocks against the coffee table. His beer can tips over but he hardly cares about the mess. In the bedroom, he drops the dressing gown on the floor; the clothes he'd worn to work today are still on the bed. Trying to get into his trousers as fast as humanly possible, he nearly trips, but gets ready to run downstairs in a manner of minutes.
? you wonder.
(Emergency) defibrillation is not the same as cardioversion. The latter is a planned, non-emergency procedure in which the defibrillator is synced with the patient's heart cycle to avoid triggering more dangerous arrhythmias than atrial fibrillation. The amount of electricity used in a cardioversion is also modest compared to cardiopulmonary resuscitation. It's one of doctors' pet peeves everywhere that medical TV dramas and movies often show asystole being defibrillated. That's against recommendations. The only rhythms that are to be defibbed during CPR are pulseless ventricular tachycardia and ventricular fibrillation. Atrial fibrillation is not life-threatening as long as the heart rate is reasonable and doesn't lead to heart failure. Even when well-managed, it does still shave off about 30 % of the heart's pumping ability. For full force, we need the atriums to contract steadily and purposefully too, not just the ventricles. In A-fib the left atrium is just jittering uselessly.
in — for weeks now, and whatever is about to break out cannot be stuffed back in. He's gasping for air, curling fingers into the seat of the sofa beside his thighs with his right hand as he pushes the now empty glass back into the therapist's hands. He's both crying and not able to do so and it's mortifying: soundless, tearless, convulsing sobs twist and stiffen the muscles bracketing his spine and make him gasp even harder for oxygen.
He doesn't like wearing his new suit in here. It doesn't
He's not certain how much use sessions with Joanna Pichler have been compared to putting some physical distance between himself and London, but they have given his days some structure, just as Mycroft's regimented household rules have done. There are only so many times one can stare at a portion of chocolate cake prepared by a chef trained at several Michelin restaurants and not devour it.
Edgar arrives soon, carrying heavy paper bags containing a full brunch from The Ivy Cafe in a quantity befitting an army regiment. John plates some of it for Edgar and gives the PA Sherlock's phone and laptop before showing him to the spare room upstairs that usually doubles as Sherlock's study and research space. Edgar promises to fend off all the calls and empty Sherlock's calendar for the rest of the week.
You almost protest that for someone who's just had a new valve stitched up into their heart, the analogy isn't far off. In the end, you decide to stay silent, because you want to give him a respite from others trying to get him to understand his current limitations.
His pace has picked up again; it's the equivalent of storming off in a huff. "Sherlock, could you slow down?" They're now at the edge of the square. She nods towards a park bench. "Sit down with me. Please?"
You never were any good at this, when it's family. The sinking feeling of being a failure of a doctor in such a manner as well as weak, weak,
is what Joanna Pichler would say.
An interim order means that the GMC suspects that Sherlock is not safe to practice without supervision.
or think they need that appointment? But perhaps John hadn’t explained properly why such a check-up would be a good idea. He wouldn't want the patient to complain later about being managed negligently.
The one John feels right now has little to do with sex and shouldn't be very different from Sherlock's. John wants them to meld to each other, to wake up safe and close and warm like this. Had Sherlock's earlier nervousness been an internal struggle about whether he wanted or should do this, or was it just an amalgamation of many anxieties difficult to pick apart?
On occasion, Sherlock sounds a bit like those Youtube meme videos about surgical single-mindedness. "Why won't the reg do it?"
John can't really tell what the panel members are thinking, but they don't pose very many questions, so perhaps they agree on the medical aspects of the case.
His physical recovery might be going well, but the matter which he'd revealed to you that one night when he finally trusted you with his worries. You have alleviated much of his dread of being rejected but you know, instinctively, that the core of those fears remains: not knowing whether the surgery has left him damaged, somehow. This is what keeps him from returning to the Work, and no neurologist or psychologist could put the issue to rest. As Sherlock had commented, tests designed for any and all patients are tests best suited for people who are most decidedly not like him. An utterly unsuitable for measuring the kinds of changes he's worried about.
"I kept my instruments in while having coffee," Sherlock declares in a morbidly triumphant tone. Could this convince Lestrade that there is, in fact, questionable features in his OR conduct?
"I can't just–– John, I can't just––" Sherlock looks pained; he's been so antsy all morning that he'd been barely able to sit at the breakfast table.
"I didn't know where you were."
You know that an intubation tube can be bothersome even to someone who's unconscious. You know that the sedation might still linger enough that he could fall back asleep.
"Would John describe it similarly?"
There’s a heaviness pressing down on the mattress next to Sherlock he’d learned to expect upon waking up in that very bed. He extends an arm over the strong, familiar torso, scoots closer to press his face between John’s shoulder blades. Usually, John — if awake — would touch his hand as it curled around his waist, would lean his head back against Sherlock’s curls.
His fingers coil around the edge of the pillow, and he suddenly shudders, removing his hand as though it was scalded. "Out!" he commands, "no,
"We have reason to believe this is a very recent infection, and that some of your symptoms have been those of a primary HIV infection, not the histoplasmosis. Your CD4 cell levels are very good, which is why we're not treating the infection as fulfilling of AIDS stage criteria."
"Taking drugs and not talking about them?" you suggest.
"I knew it. I
When the doors are opened, John and the rest of the crowd file back into the room. He gives Sherlock what he hopes is an encouraging and apologetic smile.
Victor was just… Victor. A passing ship on a stormy sea, not the safe harbour Sherlock might have once mistaken him for. He had made that error because he had not known any better.
Best friend, husband, confidante, trusted colleague: John is all these things for him. Sherlock doesn't feel any acute need for anyone else, and he can appreciate Violet's description of it being convenient to find ways to socialise one can regulate in quantity. Sherlock wouldn't want to invite people into their home because who knows when they might leave? It's better to go visit other people and or to go to a public venue. John enjoys all kinds of socialising, though, and Sherlock wants to give him chances to do that even though it sometimes involves going places as a couple.
"What happened in Scotland?" Mycroft asks bluntly.
"Surgery's done. You're fine. You're at the ICU. Mycroft's here, too," you tell him, glancing quickly towards the still figure standing by the curtains separating Sherlock's space from his neighbour's.
"Yeah," John confirms. "I can't say for sure, but I think it's really unlikely he could tell two people apart at that distance even if they were standing next to each other."
John wipes his mouth with his napkin and regards him fondly. "I know." He breathes out, leans back in his chair. "It would be unrealistic, I think, to expect that being sober means never being tempted. I know we don't talk about it, but I do know what you used back in the day and you just told me what you bought, and that's a hell of a thing to resist, to keep away from. I still don't think of you that way, as a… I don't know,
," he warns, and this is your final warning before a verbal trigger is pulled.
Loveridge frowns. "He hasn't presented any as far as we know."
"Just… Do as I ask. Please."
Last night, John had lain in bed thinking about duty and compartmentalisation and empathy. He'd thought back to when he'd come home from Afghanistan and failed to see how his behaviour had affected Sherlock. John had delayed returning to work because a part of him had known that he had no sympathy or patience even for his own crisis, let alone for patients. Things had come to a head when Sherlock had been injured as well and confined into a halo vest for months, which was an exquisite torture for someone with his sensory issues. As a physician, John should have seen the signs, plain as day, of depression and crisis and pain and relationship problems which Sherlock was exhibiting, but he'd been too wrapped up in his own pain to do anything but lash out at the one person who loved and needed him the most. A doctor completely drained of empathy is a dangerous creature.
"If the patient had been you, would I have accepted some surgeon's explanation that there was nothing that could have been tried? The answer is
Sherlock glares at the DI. “You know I’m right. Whoever did this used the rug to wrap the body and transport it out so it wouldn’t drip. Get me some luminol.”
"Have you been eating?" John hates nagging, but if Sherlock is going to regain his strength and the muscle mass which this bed rest is going to cost him, he'll need better sustenance than fizzy drinks.
John has also changed clothes into a black pair of jeans and a moss green jumper. Sherlock wonders if these are clothes from his old life some place else, things purchased for an evening out with his spouse and friends.
He tucks the suit back into the back and drops onto the sofa, feeling like a balloon deflating.
"I doubt he'd understand the purpose of such a conversation; he's inherited George's pragmatism. Our Mikey lives very much in the present and looks to the future; he's not sentimental, does not cling to the past like Sherlock does. I do wonder, though… Sherlock likely remembers that summer, remembers being sent away for a few weeks."
Thesaurus?
Lestrade finally showed up with Kyle in tow. The boy was tall for his age which looked to be around the kids age. His brown hair was offset by striking blue eyes that had tiny freckles around the pupils. Those eyes lit up when they locked on Lily and Sherlock did not like that. Obvious crush Sherlock thought to himself and immediately vowed to not like this boy. "Okay here's my kid Kyle you know Lily and Lucian this is John and their father Sherlock Holmes. Now you three go and do kids stuff while I talk to them." Lestrade smiled as he pushed his son forward, towards the twins.
and read the bottom there's a vote...
"Good point."
"Sherlock, stop it." Trymman said from the doorway. "You are not alone in this; you have resources this time Sherlock. When you first knew about Moriarty I stood back like you asked me too, but this time I REFUSE to let some madman keep my grandchildren. Is that understood?" He demanded then nodded as Sherlock sat up and grabbed his tea cup. "This time Sherlock, he didn't just mess with you, he messed with all of the Holmes's and its time we went to war."
I'm terrified to love for the first time
"Too bad. Now eat your toast." John sighed and rubbed the bridge of his nose.
Again have no idea when I am going to be able to upload chapter 47 (haven't even written it yet) but if you find yourself impatient then you can find this story on Fanfiction . net because I can upload a chapter to there from my phone... as I am in need of a new computer, yet again...technology hates me with a passion
Both john and Sherlock both blinked at the story. "What was it that Mycroft said when he brought them? That the twins wouldn't hesitate to take out a threat? I think this is what he meant." John muttered mainly to himself.
"Agreed."
"John that's why...I wanted to...Will you marry me?"
All the teens wove different stories about what happened. The one with the broken nose wove a tale about how he just said 'Hi' to Lily when Lucian went wild and broke his nose while Lily and Lucian told Sherlock what had actually happened.
At Lunch the twins found themselves sitting by themselves watching the other student's converse with their friends. They did not feel the need to join these children in their seemingly random conversations and Lily had no interest in sitting with any of the girls as 'they have no real opinions except where fashion lies'.
Panting Sherlock ground his erect member against Johns, desperate to watch Johns face during orgasm. "Sherlock...I..." John gasped as he rubbed back, increasing the friction generated between the two men grounding against each other for all they were worth. "GOD...JOHN!" Sherlock almost shouted as he too came across the stomach of his friend turned lover.
~~__~~!
"Where are they?" Sherlock demanded as he stormed his brother’s home.
"well I…No Harry…Its just…Sherlock…Yes I'm Dating Sherlock…Yes Sherlock Holmes…NO it's not a joke! Hole On...you're where?! Alright then!" He growled before slamming his phone closed.
"VICTIM"
"When we were on the couch and you asked about the glycerin." Sherlock lifted on eyebrow at the question then slunk back at the look on his lovers face.
"I tried to comfort her like you said but when I did Lucian started to throwing things at me and yelled at me to get my hands off his sister and leave her alone." John blinked then strode inside the twins room, face full of wrath.
“to be high-fived”
"Yep and I'm just a goldfish I know the tune you play. Now play along and I'll make it worth your while later on." Greg smiled as he sipped his drink and Mycroft knelt to brace one foot on his trouser leg. "Unsanitary."
"Yep. Want to give a hint as to what it was?"
After putting the twins to bed John couldn't help but grin at Sherlock. "What are you doing? Why are you smiling like that? Stop it you're freaking me out!" Sherlock babbled then swallowed when John moved to straddle his hips. "Did you see the twin's faces when you jumped to defend them? Now those two have a serious case of hero worship!" he grinned and started to press kisses all over Sherlock's face. "Yes I did see…what are you doing?" Sherlock asked curiously then immediately regretted his choice of words when John paled and tried to scramble off his lap. "No…it's a honest question not a complaint… Is this usually how you show affection?" Sherlock asked trapping his blogger against his chest so he couldn't escape.
“I was. Then we left and I ran into Harry. We’re meeting for coffee tomorrow.” John said trying to think of the reason that Harry would want to speak with him.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
~~__~~!
"Missed you dad." She said as she hugged him back, suddenly missing when she was younger and everything was so simpler.
"What?.. Harriet Watson."
"Children should not be around such…
"Yes he does! Just last week he slapped my ass!" one of the teenage girls protested and soon there were other stories about how he goes around unzipping their skirts or even going so far as putting his hands down their shirts. But no one had believed them in the past, saying that he 'was a good boy'.
The minister cleared his throat and motioned for the couple to take their respective places once again. "Now that you have joined yourselves formally in matrimony, may you strive all of your lives to meet this contract with the same sense of love and commitment. Together may you dream and may you stumble, may you restore each other and share all things serving each other and humanity cherish respect comfort and encourage each other as long as you both shall live. It is now with great pleasure that I pronounce you spouses for life. You may now kiss your husband."
"They're kind of… freaking me out." Sebastian admitted to Jim's bemusement. "Sebby…You're a cold blooded killer…A master assassin… they're twelve…How can they possibly be freaking you out?"
Sherlock lowered himself down slowly on John's cock, teasing him until he was fully seated upon his lap. Then he just sat there, eyes closed. "Er, Sherlock?"
A few hours after Lexy left John Sherlock and the twins sat down for dinner.
Sherlock opened his eyes to look down on John with glazed eyes, completely lost in feeling. "Oh, yes." He murmured and started to rock. It went slowly at first then started to pick up speed and force as they slammed together, lost in the rhythm as they chased their orgasms until it sent them over the edge and spiraled into bliss.
John was sitting on the couch when someone started pounding on the door. "What the hell?" He asked before going to open the door.
"So basically we stuff our clothes with leaves?" Lucian remarked making his sister sigh.
"Why do you have my gun?" He asked obviously unhappy with the scene before him. Lily looked between the two and decided to intervene before her father got in trouble. "Miley Cyrus needed to die." Was all she said as she handed John his gun and led her father back to her room to hang out with her and her brother, leaving a confused John in the living room.
"No no you're not hallucinating John now GET OUT OF THE CAR SO I CAN!"
“They were jerks”
that you don't expect her brother to defend her. My children do not go around accosting people and only get violent in the situation that warrants it!" Sherlock snarled at the father of the broken nose.
"Personally I hope it's shelter...I can't stand those leaves." Lucian grumbled as they walked through the woods.
"Oh my god…James is going to kill me." Lily and Lucian heard from their perch on the wall. "Holy shit Lil." Lucian remarked before looking up the side of the wall. "Did you see this ledge?"
“Yea but you broke John”
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Technically I only patched him up a few times." John said making Sherlock stare at him with a concerning look on his face. (Not that John noticed, he had after all, known Sherlock for a few years now and was strangely used to the up-close stare that Sherlock had patented just to freak him out of afternoon naps)
“See what you did?”
“surprises but then the blender”
"Mycroft…" Greg started but closed his mouth as he realized that there was no good way to phrase the question but continued anyway at the look Mycroft shot at him. "There is no good way to ask this…but why does she see you as a threat?" he asked them immediately regretted the question as Mycroft's shoulders sagged a little bit.
"You don't talk about my father like that you whore. He might have done stuff like that in the past but at least he beat it…I'll talk to you alone…" Lily whispered the last part knowing that her mother wouldn't let the matter rest until she got what she wanted. "Not without me Lily-lie…" Lucian grasped her hand and after a second Lily nodded her head.
"Don't speak such nonsense your being ridiculous. Mycroft please see these three home."
“Ah, they have a tendency to do that…Should probably replace them since I took out the sensors a while back.” Sherlock said absentmindedly then regretted it at the glare from John.
"That's what I thought. Now come along." John smiled at the twins and headed back out into the living room to talk with Greg. "Alright here's the plan. We're taking the children with us. That's about it." John said as he sat down and gratefully accepted a cup of tea. Greg smiled evilly as a thought occurred to him.
“We tried asking a guard”
"Listen up, both of you. I don't care if he is your father and you are both ill, you do NOT throw things at him…unless he asks you to. Second of all, he is extremely worried about the two of you. He has never had to deal with children at all before and suddenly he has not one but two who mean the world to him. So yes he may do something…out of the ordinary but the only thing he wants right now is for the two of you to feel better. He really cares for the both of you and when you do something like that it doesn't just hurt him it confuses him because he thinks that he's done something wrong when in fact he was only trying to comfort you. I was the one who told him to rub Lily's back to comfort her because that was something that my mother did for me when I was ill. If anyone is at fault here I am. Now, Lucian I want you to apologize to your father." John thundered at the twins then took a look at their wide eyes. They definitely did not expect me to yell at them.
"Alright come along!" Sherlock shouted down the hall to the twins. "Alright we have everything?" John asked as he put together a bag. "I believe so; the twins are dragging their heels." Sherlock huffed as he wrapped his arms around his blogger.
SMUTSMUTSMUT (there's your warning!)
I think that the next chapter is going to be pretty long (compared to the last few) but only one more chapter stands between you and John and Sherlock doing the Kiss and Make Up thing (always capitalize the kiss and make up as it is important lol)
"Treasure Island, now hush and get comfortable you sound horrible." He said pulling her closer. For some reason the only thing he wanted to do is to pat her and say 'there there' until her aches went away, he couldn't fathom the reason why. He shook off the feeling and started to run his hand over her hair and opened the book to the first page.
John thought for a moment before pulling Sherlock’s head down. "I love you too Sherlock and I swear if you ever do that again..."
"Alright grab what you need to keep yourselves occupied…"
DONT KILL THE AUTHOR! DEAD AUTHORS CAN'T WRITE CHAPTERS TO MAKE UP FOR THIS KIND OF STUFF!!!
Deborah looked down at the floor and sighed heavily. "She's missing her Papa but otherwise she's just…" She held her hands out to her side.
"Yes Myc I was just….oh alright…" Greg grinned as Mycroft Holmes grabbed his hand and began to pull him towards the bedroom. "Leave the towel Gregory."
"I know but you play you pay." He grinned making her hang her head in defeat. "Alright alright I give!"
“Don’t tell me you blew something up again Sherlock!” She remarked as she carried in a tea tray.
Lucian sighed and as he sat down he folded his arms on his knees to give Lily his best 'put upon' look. "Well I'm all out of ideas." he said and Lily sighed along with him. "Same here." She replied as she flopped down beside him. "What about your school work?" Greg interjected. "All done"
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
~~_~~!
For such a thin guy Sherlock can really put away the sweets.
"There you are…have some tea while we discuss what is going to happen alright?" John smiled at the twins even though they simply stared at him in mutual distrust.
The next day saw them at the secondary school with Sherlock fretting over his children and John pulling him back to give them air. "For the eighth time yes we have everything we need to take the exam! It's not like we can fail it!" Lily finally snapped then winced when Lucian smacked her in the back of the head.
Lily and Lucian were both silent as John and Sherlock came to pick them up from their session with Dr. Travis.
Greg stopped that line of thought right there by grabbing his lovers hand and pulling him into his lap. "First of all stop squirming. Second of all I am not cheating on you with Anthea, my mother always told me to respect and protect woman. Something that I have always taken seriously and yes I know that she does not need protecting, least of all from an old Detective Inspector, but she helps keep you safe and that is the most important part of her job. At least it is for me. She also lets me know what kind of day you are having so that way I know when you need me. So yea I'm going to stand up for her, even against you. Because let's face it she's not just a minion anymore and sending a woman through a police division unarmed and wearing at least three or four layers is not the smartest thing. That poor woman was almost dying by the time she got to my office and yes I had a few words with the officer who pinched her bum. He shouldn't be doing that at all never mind to Anthea. But what is between Anthea and I is nothing more that friendship…though I am starting to think of her as part of the family because yes, she is free when you are busy and yes I do bring her lunch when I bring yours as well…she looks like she could use it too. Now does that answer all your questions?"
"Playing cards."
"Start at the beginning if you please." John said as he pointed to Lily.
"Lie, now tell the truth."
alright warning time there are a few to go with this chapter (That's why i'm bothering to write in this little box they give me...to give you a heads up)
Thank you for reading my stuff, now if you will be so kind as too write what you think of this chapter/story down in that little box and hit 'send' I would be ever so grateful!
“You were sad”
"But if your father calls me an idiot one more time-" he said making her laugh.
"Never asked."
"Alright so we're going to try and behave while we're here." Lucian muttered towards his sister who eyed the small town.
should have!"
Sherlock goes to him, alarmed. Without asking, he reaches down to take John's hand, holding the wrist so he can take a pulse.
And it hardly helps that some of those assumptions about what sort of a partner he is — what he can't or cannot bring to a relationship — are true.
He flinches when a hand shifts into his visual field offering a glass of water, which he receives with shaking hands.
John smiles fondly at his husband's still consistent habit of signing his texts even when they are for him. A lumbar slipped disc operation should be a nice cool off after the AVM case, and John hopes Sherlock won't have to suffer through too much peace and quiet after it. Having to just sit around is, for Sherlock's brain, the equivalent of a grenade with the pin pulled out. Sooner or later, something's going to go off. He doesn't have a junior on call to supervise tonight, which might just make things easier even though it means he doesn't have a second pair of hands available. Being the only neurosurgical physician on call means Sherlock can make all the decisions without having to delegate and negotiate who does what.
[00:34] really? known side effect?
"You are still his mother — his words, not mine — and that makes you important, regardless of how difficult your relationship is. He has taken several active steps in sharing things in his life with you. It means that he has not given up on you and thinks your relationship warrants making an effort."
"It is of no consequence who pays for this. I can't accept expensive gifts, anyway," he tells the team. He's not in this to gain wealth — his biggest reward is the intellectual and physical challenge of the surgical procedure, followed by the satisfaction seeing the patient recover.
The grass, wet with rain, is as slippery under his shoes as the algae-covered rocks had been. It occurs to him to open finally the plastic bag and read the note there. His wallet had been confiscated, presumably so that his cards wouldn't leave an electronic trail, so he's relieved to find some money and a note.
After ten minutes of running and dodging bullets Lily's lungs burned as her legs screamed at her to stop. "Have to stop." She gasped as she rested against a tree only to see a black sedan pull up and four obviously armed men get out. "Shit have to keep going." She gasped and took off, trying to ignore the men that followed.
This sent up little red flags in Lily and Lucians head. "Why do we need to be watched?"
49: Wedding planning plus wedding
“What? I…er…we’ll start with clothes, beds, linens and go from there?” He frowned trying to think of the things that he needed as a teenager.
Sherlock stared at John for a second. John has never missed a chance to say that Sherlock got something wrong. Ever. So for John to do so now, threw Sherlock through a giant loop. “And who should we tell?” he finally answered.
"That sounds...suspicious."
"You're going to be fine Dr. Watson." the pretty nurse smiled at him while she removed his blood pressure cuff. "Thank you Melissa." He murmured back and moved to lay back against the bed suddenly very tired. He had forgotten how bad the panic attack could get and how much his psychosomatic limp had hurt him. "Hey John." Greg smiled gently as he came into the exam room. "How you feeling?"
You're all I need when I'm holding you tight
"Tinsdale said…Sounds like all of your evidence is not only lacking in credibility its also the hearsay of a homophobic teacher that might have decided to victimize our children. So no they will not be expelled over some ridiculous prejudice." Sherlock announced and rose to his feet signaling for John to do the same. "Mr. Holmes please hold on…if I had known about this previous incident with Mr. Tinsdale this would have not have happened, you have my deepest apologies." The headmaster tried to back track and quell the detectives anger but only received a curt not in response.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
but I have just as much right to speak here as everyone else. But what you’re doing is
offspring and his lover.
“I’ll look into it.” Sherlock remarked and tucked the files into his coat before walking out of Greg’s office.
"Why not? It's all going to the same place." Sherlock remarked making John sigh and throw and apologetic look towards Greg who was only amused.
"John? Can I ask you a question?" Lucian asked as his sister just sat there.
“Hey I know you! You’re that…”
Sherlock only smiled at him and started to pull him up the 311 steps to the top.
“But then the blender”
While the smaller female's gaze flickered around like a moth on a light bulb.
Lucian growled at his sister only to lunge at the power cord by the wall. Suddenly the door burst and a BANG radiated throughout their room.
This was going to be a huge mess. All he wanted was to get the two settled in a bit before Lestrade and the others poked their noses into the children's lives. "No we know that you kidnapped them because who in their right mind would let the freak babysit their children?" Sally snarled making the twins blink.
"She's fine… She likes the floor for some reason." Sherlock intervened as he sat up to look the woman over. But at the shake of John's head left the deductions in his head, unspoken.
"Sorry dears but I don't believe that I've ever encountered that before…" John said and leaned over to put his head on Sherlock's shoulder.
We have and it's obvious that we are not wanted here. He doesn't want us at all and it's better to be with the devil you know. Lily mouthed at her brother, tears forming in her eyes from yet another rejection. Lucian nodded and sighed placing his forehead against hers. "Alright lets go" he whispered as he and Lily crept out of the flat not turning to look at the detective who was currently trying to strangle his elder brother, only to be pulled off by the doctor.
~~__~~
"Bachelor parties?"
"What the…Hello?" He asked missing Sherlock quickly looking out the window at something that was apparently very fascinating.
"Nope now let's go up TOGETHER and go see what it is Sherlock. This way you cannot hide it before I see it."
One was male and the other was female. Both had black hair and while the girls fell down to her waist the boys was cut short. The boy was dressed as punk rocker with torn jeans an extra large t-shirt with some strange yellow fluffy thing on it and the word 'pikachu' underneath. He also had several chains hanging from his pocket.
John and Sherlock came home to find the strange device once again gracing their coffee table, only this time all the tubes were lined up and emitting a light blue fog as well as the tune 'Stardust'. "LILY! LUCIAN!" Sherlock shouted as he ran over to try and turn off the machine.
Alright he's out, gathered up his notes and am putting them all together for him
________________________________________
“Holmes? She’s ready for you now.” The secretary announced with a brilliant smile making them very suspicious of her.
"My grandmother wishes to know why you are dirty."
"Sir...no not yet...she seems hell bent on going towards the shots...yes sir...well it seems as though I've been spotted...yes I'm sure...she looked right at me then flipped me off...yes sir...well acquiring her will not be easy. *sigh* yes sir I'll be there in ten minutes...only a graze sir...well I did not expect a fifteen year old girl to run TOWARDS the gunshots as most girls run AWAY...no I'm not mocking you sir...yes sir...ETA ten minutes."
I'm also a pen thief and have been considered 'untrustworthy' when it comes to good pens.
"Thank you Captain Doctor!"
homophobes that get theirs...duct tape and kilt jokes... a randomly picked town!
Guess it wasn’t money he wanted this time around.
"Yes..."
"Not my fault you left yourself open to interpretation."
"Yea I'm still trying to figure that one out myself. But the better question is, what does he gain from having us here?"
Lucian and Lily walked aimlessly through the woods. So far the only person they had seen (or any evidence of humanity come to think of it) was the old man in the olive orchard.
"Not that I mind but what did you stop by for?" Sherlock asked as he inserted a pipette into a dish to insert a few drops into a beaker.
"Alright dear your turn." He grinned at his husband who smiled back at him then motioned towards the chair making him groan. Sherlock held his head high as he sat down, crossed his arms across his chest then placed one foot on John's leg as he knelt down. With deft fingers and not a little bit of squirming John finally found the garter and with a quick pull, removed it from Sherlock's thigh. "Are you ready for this?" He grinned up at his husband. This got Sherlock's attention, or rather the grin did as it was usually a precursor to John pulling a prank. (Though usually it was the children that was the target of that grin. Sherlock remembers falling asleep upright in a door way and waking up to being stapled to the floor.)
"Sherlock, the twins have been through A LOT in the last few months. And therapy isn't just for the insane or unbalanced. Therapists help people cope with things going on in their life. Like how my therapist tried to help me cope with being home again. Trust me on this Sherlock. I just want the kids happy and safe."
