The bell rang, signalling for the ending of the class, incidentally the last class of the day. Since it was Friday, he and John were set to go to the Quidditch field for some practice. Assuming they were still up for it? Sherlock swung his bag across his shoulder and started following John, who still wouldn’t meet his eye, out of the room when Trelawney called them back.
“JOHN!” Sherlock screamed. John somehow managed to secure his hold on Sherlock to pull his body above his own as they fell, falling back-first onto the mattress with Sherlock secured against his chest. The fall was both longer and shorter than expected, the searing jolt in both of their stomachs at the adrenalin rush and the fear of falling off scorching. The shock of the landing pushed against John’s back, but fortunately, the material of the mattress was soft enough that they sunk into its thick material with a soft bounce. Not that it didn’t hurt quite a bit.
Time, these summers, had been spent talking, playing Quidditch, pirates, and helping out Sherlock with crazy theories and experiments in his backyard. John’s first impression of Sherlock had been that he was a boy with definite personal boundaries and a highly superior intelligence and although the latter held up John soon discovered Sherlock had very small personal boundaries, finding it completely natural to use John as an armrest, chin rest and whole body rest when he fell into his spontaneous sulks where he thought everything was dull. John didn’t even react anymore when Sherlock just fell into his side in despair for something interesting to happen.
When the blonde came back from the call he seemed irritated, maybe even a little sad. The artist debated whether to ask or not, not wanting to shatter the illusion that John was not seeing anyone else but not wanting to seem like he did not care for him. The decision was made for him when the model put his phone away and walked back onto the platform without a word, a deep frown on his face. Something was wrong. Sherlock didn’t like not knowing. Even if the truth would break his heart it couldn’t be worse that not knowing what was happening, and if something about it was causing John grief then he didn’t know what else to do.
John looked around himself and found peace in the now familiar streets of Diagon Alley. Except now he wasn’t here to accompany his sister. He wasn’t here as an outsider, looking in and wondering how it felt to be on the inside. He was here as one of them. He looked around himself again, just basking in the sight of the shops, the witches and wizards walking in and out, cloaks fluttering around their ankles as they went about their day, oblivious to John’s bursting heart, the excitement swirling high in his stomach. All this wonder around him. All this magic.
They left their brooms and the box of Quidditch balls hidden under some bushes just outside the castle’s entrance and headed in. They walked as casually as they could towards the greenhouse and Sherlock opened the door discreetly with a soft whisper of “Alohomora”. He locked it back with a couple of charms once they were in.
John wrapped his arms tightly around Sherlock’s waist, creating a sudden safe haven in the midst of the journalists and gallery visitors. Distantly they both heard a couple of snapshots go off behind them from the journalists around them watching them embracing, but they did not care.
With experience, Sherlock learned to process every bit of information he saw and he learned which ones would be the most fascinating and challenging to draw and paint. Art school had been a challenge. Not because his mother did not approve, she approved of anything and everything that made him happy. Mycroft did not play any role in this either as he, although did disapprove of Sherlock’s ‘interesting’ career choice, Sherlock could not care less what his brother thought of him. No, Sherlock found art school both liberating and frustrating. Liberating because he could do what he loved every second of every day; frustrating because no matter how many people he saw...No matter how many projects he was assigned in class or he assigned himself he could not fill the void that called for… something.
“It’s fine Mike. We’ll come with you” John stood and smiled over to Sherlock but it looked forced and too careful.
John shook his head, not comprehending how Sherlock could possibly think he would disapprove of these amazing pieces of art.
Sherlock couldn’t quite make out what they were saying, but from the manner in which his students were positioned towards each other he assumed they were talking about him. Not that he blamed them, really. In his life not once had he ever come to class anything less than perfectly dressed and a minimum of a half hour early. Neither had he ever in his life accidentally painted one of his dress shirts with oil paints, if he wasn’t careful the paint would spread to the rest of his shirt too, one of the disadvantages to oil paints. But his state of dress couldn’t be helped. Ever since the other night, almost 5 days ago, Sherlock had barely been able to stop painting.
He had to see John again. It didn’t matter if he had to convince John to forget about the kiss. It didn’t matter if John regretted it. Sherlock would promise not to bring it up ever again. But.. he had to see him again. He simply had to.
The class ended, and as the students were leaving John walked up to Sherlock with a smile. “Hey, you” he murmured.
Sherlock opened his mouth, not exactly sure what he wanted to say to that but not expecting him to continue speaking. He did.
ready now?” called out John, for what felt like the umpteenth time. Sherlock had been trying out every single suit in his closet for the past hour. The artist had insisted for months that his solo gallery wasn’t quite
The Gryffindor realised his hands were clenched into fists on top of the table, bunching up the red mantel into crushed waves of fabric. He let them go abruptly. “Oh. Yes. I’m… I’m fine. Perfect.” He shrugged.  “Why shouldn’t I be?” he muttered, forgetting himself.
.” He smiled down at Sherlock who still had uncertainty shimmering in his grey-blue eyes. “Come on. Sit up” John said.
“At first.. when you left. I was angry at you. Irrationally, of course. Because you got to live my dream and I did not. A dream that
John teased his tongue around lightly, circling only and completely maddening the artist, “please” he breathed
John kissed the inside of his creamy thighs, pulling them up above his shoulders and letting his hands caress his hips gently. A small part of Sherlock expected it when John took him into his mouth and started teasing the swollen head with his tongue, but that did not in any way stop the low groan of pleasure or the instant reaction his hands had as they latched themselves onto John’s hair and pulled, not hard enough to dislodge his mouth but enough to tease.
Mary smiled one last time at John, flicking her hair back with a delicate wrist movement. John cleared his throat, more out of discomfort than anything, noted Sherlock.
So yes… Everything was going swimmingly so far for John. Sure, divination was not his favourite subject so far... and  Professor Trelawney was a little bit strange. But it was already halfway through the lesson and all he could think of was Mary’s blue gaze fixed right on him like tracking a target, their greenish hue in the very centre somehow reminiscent of another pair of eyes he’d sworn he’d seen before. A dangerous spark shone in the centre… perhaps if they were clearer… greyer. Like Ice. Or blue flames flickering slowly…
“Sherlock,” she says without fanfare. Then she holds out the phone again and shakes it, as if she hasn’t just asked for the impossible. “Call for him. A little video message. You know you’re the only one he comes for.”
“Don’t do that,” he snaps, shaking his head. “Nope. Not even for old time’s sake.” He steps closer still, until he can see the carefully veiled uncertainty hiding behind the arrogant front in Sherlock’s eyes. “I don’t care how much time has passed. You’re not rusty. No one, and I mean
His inspection of the Watson house had not been as fruitful as any of them would have liked. There’s a lack of evidence to be sure, but the gears in Sherlock’s brain have not been forced to whir as quickly as he needs them to in a very long while. Mycroft knows it’s only a matter of time, but time is not on their side. And Sherlock knows it.
They exit into the night sky, and he remembers to shut the door behind himself, though he assumes there’s an agent somewhere watching their every move; making sure everything is locked up and cared for and watched over, because John Watson deserves no less.
Mary and Rosie are close, like any mother and young daughter are, but Rosie’s getting older. She feels the separation more and more acutely when they come home for the fifth day in a row and Mary is not waiting.
She does, and Sherlock opens his mouth, but no words come. Mycroft watches him swallow and reads the silent
“Daddy came into my room. He said bad people were coming. He had me hide in the crawl space, even though it was dark, and he told me to call you - to wait one hour after it got quiet and to call Mycroft Holmes. I heard - ” she trails off and bites her lip, showing vulnerability for the first time since she stumbled into his care.
He lets that reveal land, taking entirely too much delight in the way her face slackens, in the way her features lose their edge, giving way to something truly surprised. It’s been a while since he’s been able to do that; catch her off guard.
“Tell you what,” Sherlock says, “how about I turn it off, but I stay out here, just until you fall asleep.”
“Daddy isn’t here, love,” Mrs. Hudson murmurs, rocking her gently back and forth as the child sobs into her dress.
“Oh,” comes the quiet reply and he looks up to find his daughter staring into the kitchen, at a tray of biscuits cooling on the counter. Mary’s atonement for her absence, no doubt.
A mobile chimes on the coffee table and Mycroft glares at it for breaking the precariously peaceful concentration that had formed on his brother’s face -
“My pressure point.” John wiped his sweaty palms on his jeans and swallowed down the bile threatening to rise. “You’ll let me know? If something happens to Sher -" he stopped and swallowed, licked his lips, willing the words to come.  “Just - you’ll let me know?”
Sherlock licks his lips as he lowers the instrument from his shoulder. Greg knows the answer the second before it comes:
A blonde head watches him carefully from the backseat, eyes so like her father’s barely able to see out the window.
“Well,” Greg starts, leaning back and putting his hands on his knees to push himself to standing, “there’s no way I’m letting you go to the house of the woman who shot you on your own, so lead on.”
He holds her trembling body, a shoddy placeholder for the person she really wants, and carries her down the steps, leaning down to place her on the sofa as Mrs. Hudson settles in beside her, gathering her into her embrace once more.
So Sherlock stews in his worry, in his impatience, in his utter dread, until Rosamund’s tiny head lolls against the back of the seat, lips parted in sleep. It would have been so much faster had he drugged the jam, but he hears John’s voice in the back of his head:
He glances at Mycroft who looks, well, about as pleased as he ever does, which isn’t saying much. Mrs Hudson, meanwhile, is attempting to muffle barely contained sobs into an embroidered handkerchief on the sofa.
“Good girl,” he whispers, pressing a hard kiss to her forehead, before gathering her in his arms. “I love you so much.”
“He was never happy, you know,” Mycroft calls and Sherlock halts, hands balling into fists in his pockets as he slowly turns.
Sherlock nods, and Greg stands back to let him lead the way from the bedroom, jumper and framed photo still firmly in his grasp. He tucks the necklace in his pocket, the one not occupied by Rosie’s bunny, and follows Sherlock down the stairs.
“We’ll all be there tonight,” he assures, because he knows that Mrs. Hudson will need to lay hands on those she holds dear herself. Will need to feed them up and ply them with tea and cocoon them in knitted blankets that have soaked up too much perfume.
“No, my dear. I do not believe he is.” The endearment falls from his lips without thought and he finds he does not mind the taste of it on his tongue. Perhaps sentiment can make an exception for Rosamund Watson. “Your father is one of the strongest and bravest men I’ve ever met.”
“So what now, genius?” Lestrade asks, and Mycroft watches as the switch is flipped, as adrenaline courses through Sherlock’s veins, making his limbs bounce and his mouth twitch.
Her little arm hugs him around his middle and he flounders as she tucks herself into his side. It’s muscle memory to pull her in tighter, an indulgence he allowed himself when John would fall asleep on his shoulder in the back of a cab, under the cover of night with only a stranger as a potential eyewitness. He kept his hands to himself when it would happen in the hall of the Met.
But the fact that something was clearly going on, despite the fact that he was being purposefully kept out of the loop, fueled a fire that had started to badly wane. He hated when Sherlock left him out, but he didn’t mind so much when it was Mycroft. After all, he had his work and his daughter. The routine got him through those days that didn’t seem to end, when he was haunted by memories of foot chases and late night takeaway and high cheekbones hidden by dark collars.
After God knows how many years he’s spent chasing after the two of them, he knows his place. He knows where he falls in the scheme of things.
He makes his way over to Sherlock who’s watching Rosamund carefully climb back on the sofa and settle in once more. Contented for the time being. Comforted.
He scrubs a hand over his face just as the door opens and Mrs. Hudson stands there in all her formidable glory. She looks frail now though, winded, weak. Like someone has given her the greatest gift imaginable only to take it away a moment later.
“Tea first, perhaps,” Mycroft suggests, eyeing the kitchen beyond as if something grotesque is about to make its presence known.
She runs her finger over the gold lettering in the spine, before a piece of paper sticking out on top catches her eye. She pulls the book off the dusty shelf with a grunt and lets it fall open to the page in question. A picture of her father stares back at her, or rather he stares at the man at his side, and she gasps, little fingers already reaching for the newspaper that’s yellowing slightly with age. She traces over her father’s face - he looks younger. Not so many lines around his eyes. Not so much silver in his hair. But it’s still him and she feels an acute ache in her chest - one that hasn’t quite left since he left her last night.
Sherlock nods, a pathetic thing. “I thought he was happy here.” His voice is small; the assumption painful.
Another car door shuts outside and he hurries to the window in the loo in the hall that overlooks the street, being careful not to rustle the curtains as he glances out. Three men are making their way towards the house, dressed in black, and that’s all the evidence he needs. He curses under his breath, shoves the gun in the back of his pajama trousers, and sprints down the hall, practically shoulder-checking Rosie’s door as he flies through it.
“Here,” he murmurs, pressing the tips of his fingers to the center of his chest. “I’d feel it here.”
He takes the stairs slowly, using the breathing techniques that his therapist taught him when panic would come up and tap him on the shoulder. He appears in the doorway all too soon, eyeing the little girl in a bed that’s far too large for her like she might have a weapon hidden under the comforter. But then she scoots over, darting her gaze to the newly empty space beside her, and the barricade he had put up around his already-fragile heart cracks a bit. He sits down and shifts on the mattress, ignoring the memories of waking John in the middle of the night for a case that he would complain about, but ultimately get up for.
Sherlock stops fidgeting, the second of calm between lightning and thunder. “Never underestimate John Watson.” He holds up the photo. “He put this up on purpose. The poke of a pin every time she laid eyes on it. But, much like the man himself, there was something deeper. Something more than what was just on the surface.”
). She finds her lower lip wobbling and her throat closing, and she doesn’t want to cry, she’s six after all, but Nana seems to know that and merely tilts her head and runs her thumb across Rosie’s face, catching her tears with the pad of her finger.
Until his dying day, he’ll never tell his brother the comfort he derives from that hand on his shoulder as, “Courage, dear heart,” falls from his lips. “Courage.”
“And who am I to argue with a Holmes?” he continues with a sigh. “I’ll get Rosie. You two…” he gestures vaguely with his hands. “Try not to commit murder or treason while I’m gone.”
After all, the deja vu is beautiful and visceral, watching Sherlock tear apart a crime scene. But he doesn’t tear it apart - he breaks it down, bends it to his will; he catalogues it into labels and facts and theories only he can see.
He looks away and gives them their moment, ignoring the pedestrian pang of jealousy he feels in his gut. And not for the first time, he’s reminded that when James Moriarty held a gun to the three people Sherlock cared for most, Mycroft was not on the list.
“You’ve got to be very quiet, Rosie,” he says, soft but firm, and she nods against his palm, clammy from her breath. Her eyes are wide and her heart is pounding, but Daddy cups her cheek and tucks her hair behind her ears.
Mycroft isn’t familiar with it, but clearly the little girl is as she gasps and leans forward, getting permission from Mrs. Hudson before clutching it to her chest. Sherlock then steps forward and places a clearly well-worn copy of a Roald Dahl book on the table, and finally, the spark of life that Mycroft hasn’t seen on Rosamund’s face since she stood in the middle of Sherlock’s kitchen and defiantly muttered,
The street is still cordoned off, but an agent waves them through. That’s it for fanfare, though. You’d never know a man was abducted from here that very morning. Greg pulls up outside the flat and puts the car in park, opening the door and stepping out onto the street.
“Detective Inspector, thank you for coming,” Mycroft says from his stance by the fireplace, facing away, knuckles white where they clutch the mantle.
“Ugh, that was tedious,” his brother says with a groan, wiping his face and carefully avoiding looking at either of them.
He’d cheated Death so many times before, perhaps He had finally come to collect His due. And in that moment, those many soul-shattering, gut-wrenching moments, he could only think of one thing:
Jumping out of a cake wasn’t on his list upon that return. He’d been beyond fake moustaches and bad accents - he’d gotten too good at disguises while away. Anything less than his utmost dedication would feel… mocking. A slap in the face to those that didn’t make it back.
He closes his eyes and waits, because he knows he won’t have to wait long. Not with the way Mullens drives. Sure enough, he hears the distant murmur of voices from downstairs followed by Gregory Lestrade’s steady tread on the steps, and he braces himself for whatever is about to walk through that door.
Lady Smallwood doesn’t reply, most likely distracted by more pressing matters, which is for the best because it allows Mycroft to hear the squeak of the springs in the bed above as the tiny body cocooned in it tosses and turns, caught in the throws of whatever’s tormenting that fragile mind.
And finally, the thing Mycroft has been waiting for all day, ever since Sherlock walked into John Watson’s home with hope and walked out with none, comes to pass.
“What did you expect?” he replied, tone laced with - not blame per se - but something close. It pierced John to his core.
“Mary was wearing this at Leinster Gardens,” Sherlock replies. His palm cups the red flower with what looks like a pearl center. He leans in closer and studies it. Greg pretends not to notice his hand trembling.
), and it’s the first time since Anthea came running in, disturbing his solitude, that he finally feels hope.
She shakes in the cold and holds her breath until she physically can’t. Then she gasps and starts all over again. She can still hear people in the house. They must be the bad people because there’s more than one so it can’t be Daddy.
He stands and makes his way towards the landing, listening. The tossing and turning becomes whimpering and panting, and he places his foot on the first step without really meaning to. Comforting has never been his forte - he’s called the Ice Man for a reason. But comforting a child? Comforting the child of John Watson who’s been through far too much in so short a time?
“In depth,” is Mycroft’s reply and Sherlock nearly scoffs, yet the sound gets stuck in his throat, as if someone’s fingers are slowly but thoroughly squeezing his airway shut.
Greg stares, and then stares some more, wondering if it’s a prerequisite to be able to deliver news like that in such a matter of fact, almost bored tone to get to where Mycroft’s gotten.
By the time Greg hands the keys over to the agent and gets through the door and up the stairs, Sherlock is in the living room, lifting a teary Rosie with a grunt, letting her tiny legs wrap around his waist as she buries her head in his neck.
A flash of something in his peripheral vision begs his attention, but it takes him a moment to recognize it for what it is - a window high up in the right corner of the room, only visible because the newspaper covering it over has been peeled back. The ceiling is high, and John guesses that if he shouted, his voice would echo quite spectacularly. A light rain has begun to fall, pattering on the corrugated metal roof.
Considering he hasn’t slept a wink all night, Mycroft will not begrudge himself a travel mug full of strong coffee for the ride to Sussex. London traffic will be a nightmare as it is, leaving at the hour they are, but needs must and his need is unimpeachable.
Suddenly, a mobile chimes on the coffee table, and the bow of the violin scratches across the strings as the four other occupants in the room stare at the offensive device.
is wrong with you?” he explodes, standing with so much momentum, the chair topples over behind him with the loud clang of wood on stone, making Rosamund jump.
“I’m fine,” he clips. And he does seem to be, if no one deigned to dig deeper. If no one witnessed him fall so uncharacteristically to pieces not an hour ago.
- WOW it's hard to write from the POV of a 6-(almost 7)-year-old. This will likely be the only chapter told from Rosie's POV, in case that turns you off. Don't worry. Our favorite detective is up next.
And before she knows it, she’s drifting off, feeling safe for the first time in 24 hours. He’s not her Dad, but he’s her detective, and frankly, for the moment, that’s the next best thing.
With reluctance, she returns to the kitchen and finishes her toast, but her mind is still on the photo in the book. Daddy stared at Sherlock the way he sometimes stares at her.
He tries not to listen to the murmured conversation he has no right to on the other side of the room, but it’s hard when it’s the only sound to break the silence.
And Mycroft can’t explain the feeling he gets in the middle of his chest - like someone has poured hot tea into his veins and it’s spreading throughout his circulatory system - but it’s not entirely unpleasant.
He walks with a slight limp these days and when it rains, his shoulder aches something wicked. New scars line his body, intersecting with the old ones, pink on white on red: a morbid bouquet of wilting flowers. He still has sessions with his therapist via video chat, but it’s only as needed. And it’s needed less and less as the days go on.
Eventually her need for the toilet is the driving force that gets her trembling fingers to reach for the door. She pops it from its frame and winces as it crashes down to the carpeted floor. Pulling herself from the crawl space with strength she does not have, her wobbly legs find purchase on the shelf and she clings on until she can lower herself enough to land semi-gracefully on the floor. The mobile falls and she promptly picks it up, entering her father’s password and telling her heart not to hurt when she sees the home screen - a photo of them at the park this past summer.
“There’s a car waiting for you downstairs. I will email you what we know. Do have a look on your way over.”
). She was in the middle of reading Matilda, another gift for her last birthday, and she desperately wants it. She wants the comforting presence of a fictional Miss Honey if she can’t have her very real father.
John could practically feel the vein throbbing in his forehead. “Sherlock! The plan! The plan to get Sherlock back!”
“He is. There are changes, of course. He had a long road to recovery when he returned and that journey is not over.”
Mycroft holds out the mobile. “Don’t you want to see him?” He ignores Lestrade’s glare because it’s true: Sherlock has heard John, but he hasn’t actually watched the video. And sometimes his brother needs to be pushed out of his comfort zone. Emotion, sentiment, proper fear for the people he loves - it’s not exactly his milieu.
It does the trick, though, and Sherlock extracts himself from the car with a fraction of the grace he used to carry, pulling the Belstaff tight around his body as he limps his way up to the front door. It opens with a creak befitting a horror movie, and it makes sense because that’s what awaits them when they enter.
Greg crosses his socked feet on the coffee table and remains silent because why on God’s green bloody earth would the British Government need the help of a pensioned DI?
“Why did you let me believe he was?! Why didn’t you tell me?” he yells, the words tearing themselves from his throat on a wave of missed chances and wasted opportunities. So much of this may have been prevented. Had Sherlock thought to fight a little harder.
Sherlock shrugs, an unsure and unsettling gesture for someone who’s taken down multiple foreign governments. “Maybe they were trying for another child.”
It’s a Monday when Rosie drops her rucksack on the living room floor as John drops his keys into the dish on the table next to the front door.
“Ah.” He glances out the window to find that they’ve parked outside a modest townhouse in some suburb whose name he honestly can’t be bothered to learn. He opens the car door and breathes in the London air, surreptitiously stretching his knee and wincing as it pops yet remains stiff.
“Love what you’ve done with the place,” Mr. Holmes drawls but Sherlock reaches out and flicks his ear, which would normally make Rosie smile, but she’s just so tired.
The car turns onto Baker Street and he holds his breath until it pulls to a stop outside the only real home he’s ever known. Before the cottage, at least. But that’s more sanctuary than home. More fortress of solitude. He scoops Rosamund up onto his lap so he can slide them both out of the car. She is simultaneously too large to account for how much time has passed since he left and too small to weather the circumstances they find themselves in. But he hoists her onto his hip again, his knee protesting as they make their way up the sidewalk in time for the door to open.
Lestrade steps closer to Sherlock and places a comforting hand on his shoulder. “You said he never would have burned it.”
He takes a moment to ponder if he’s being overly cautious or just paranoid and, deciding the line is too fine to determine, he rolls out of bed and opens his pants drawer, popping open the fake back and pulling out the gun stashed there.
“Is this purgatory?” the child asks and he can’t help it - he snorts. He honestly didn’t expect her to remember that conversation.
“I’ve got you,” Greg murmurs, rocking him back and forth as Sherlock sobs out the past twelve hours into his neck. “It’s alright, now.”
Mycroft procures a handkerchief because he’s a tosser who still carries one and, though Sherlock has never been anyone’s first choice for comfort, he finds himself crossing the living room in two strides and gathering her in his arms.
Staring once more at the place where John Watson took his last stand, Sherlock holds his breath and begins his ascent. Rosamund’s room is at the top of the stairs, but he moves past it, sticking his head in the closet and eyeing the crawl space that John, in his quick thinking, hid his daughter in. Despite not having much experience with children, even he can ascertain that Rosamund Watson is a cut above the rest. Keeping a level head while hiding in the dark, surrounded by people who want to kill you is not easy.
Sherlock glances up to the second floor. It’s dark - the midday sun settling too high to stream in through the side windows. He could go into the kitchen, but he can see the empty scotch glass on the sideboard from where he is. He knows that all he’ll find is evidence of too many meals for just John and Rosamund, leftovers from the thing with the peas, biscuits that Mary made as recompense. Proof of daily life that isn’t exciting or sensational - it just is. And it is without him.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow and glances around the room, laser-sharp gaze falling on Greg’s hands behind his back before moving on. He has more important battles to fight.
Mycroft sighs. It can only mean one thing meant for only one person. “Detective Inspector, I’m afraid there’s a lot you’ve not been privy to.”
The look Sherlock gives him is a pick to Mycroft’s purportedly icy heart, and Lestrade lifts his arms in an effort to convey,
Mycroft honestly wouldn’t blame the detective for still grappling with it. He still does, on his off days. And yes, he does have them, not that he’ll ever admit that to anyone. As his brother is only too eager to point out, he has a reputation to maintain.
“Daddy talks about you a lot,” she murmurs. “He’s been teaching me football and he said your team is crap.”
It was never tedious, he’ll give it that. He got captured in Uzbekistan and the resulting weeks made Serbia look like a seaside resort specializing in yoga and whole grains. That was around month seven, the lowest of the lot, when he had truly thought
“Long before you were born.” And before he can help it, he finds himself asking her what he’s like. Sherlock, who used to know John the best out of everyone, is asking his six-year-old daughter how he has changed. He knows she won’t have the information he truly wants - does he still take his tea with milk but no sugar? Does he still arrange his pants in the drawer by color? Does he still watch old episodes of Doctor Who on rainy Saturdays? - but he’ll take what he can get.
“Jesus,” he mutters, eyeing the dried puddle of blood on the carpet. He’s seen his fair share of crime scenes, the majority of which have been far grislier than this, but knowing that’s
Sherlock continues staring at the car and the child within, inexplicably drawn to her and yet fighting the desire to run in the other direction as fast as he possibly can.
Rosamund Watson is standing in the doorway, staring at the puddle of her father’s blood, looking like she’s lost a pint of it herself.
can do what you do. This,” he says, pointing a rigid finger to the middle of Sherlock’s forehead, “is a goddamn gift. I don’t know exactly what you did while you were away, but none of that matters because you’re Sherlock fucking Holmes. And John Watson is missing. Now what are you gonna do about it?”
The sun briefly blinds him as he steps outside, mocking their petty problems with its beauty. The garden is in better shape than he expected, but Sherlock always did have a way with weeds. With a sigh he uses to cover up his trepidation, he pulls out his mobile and selects one of the few contacts in his Favorites list.
She continues sobbing but manages a nod, letting go of Mrs. Hudson and reaching out for him, which is -
He’s not sure how long he ruminates, cataloguing memories of being in the exact same spot, usually after a particularly nasty row with John, wondering if this was it, if this was the breaking point that pushed John out of his life forever.
John’s message winds down with no real information, at least not on the surface. Nothing apparent. Nothing overt. Nothing obvious. Ms. Morstan would have it no other way.
His brother meets his eyes briefly in the rearview mirror before flicking his gaze over to Rosamund. “In a bit.”
Sherlock stepped off a roof and just over a year later, the woman known as Mary Morstan stepped into his surgery. She slotted into his life like a missing puzzle piece, filling the hole that carved its way into his most tender places in the ambulance bay at Barts Hospital.
The stairs give and groan under his weight as he makes the careful climb, steps slow but sure. The living room is - well, much the same as it was. Cleaner, definitely, than when he last stepped foot in her, but theirs. Sherlock and John’s.
Two years had passed and, deep down, John honestly assumed Sherlock was dead. But he didn’t say it. He tried not to think it. Because if he did, he would lose the battle that, every day, was slowly gaining ground.
It’s petulant enough to almost make Mycroft smile, if the events of the day hadn’t leeched him of any potential joy he might have had.
“Time to come out of retirement, baby brother,” Mycroft murmurs, looking like he hates every word that comes out of his mouth.
“A video. From Ms. Morstan. But it’s undoubtedly John.” Absolutely undoubtedly. Only Dr. Watson could manage to look cocky while on death’s door.
She should put it back - Mycroft (Mr. Holmes The Sterner, in her mind) and Sherlock (Mr. Holmes, the Stranger) will return soon and she doesn’t want to be caught snooping (
“Take me to the crime,” he whispers, shaking his head to dislodge unwanted ghosts and phantom pains.
He claws at consciousness, but the pain is making it hard to concentrate; the blood loss difficult to keep his eyes open.
The car pulls to a stop and Sherlock opens the door, scooping Rosie into his lap once more so he can slide them both out of the car together. She’s too big to be carried (or so she’s argued many times), but in this moment, she doesn’t mind. In this moment, it’s necessary.
The song he eventually coaxes from the strings is not one that Greg knows, though it does sound vaguely familiar. It’s sad and somber but with a thread of hope, as if Sherlock is pouring everything he’s feeling out through his fingers and onto the bridge - a wish and a prayer.
He’s pulling on his wellies, because the garden does get rather muddy, when he hears the squeak of a brake outside. He pauses, hackles up, because he’s not listed and he orders things online under a pseudonym. And even when his packages are delivered, the mailman comes on foot down the narrow lane. No cars should be stopping outside of his house save for his own.
He steps forward, well aware that Mrs. Hudson watches him like a hawk, waiting for him to bungle this Very Important Moment, and he opens his arms, ready for judgment.
But he doesn’t think of John Watson. Not if he can help it. Unlike Baker Street, the cottage is full of sunlight, with wide windows not inhibited by thick curtains and pale blue paint reflecting the light off of the relatively low ceilings. The hearth is nearly always lit and the kettle is always boiled. He doesn’t ever expect company, but one can only spend so many months in a dark basement before one begins craving the opposite.
“Go get to know your goddaughter. If she’s anything like her parents, I’m sure she’s been listening at the top of the stairs for the last five minutes.”
His ears rang. They rang and rang and it was incessant and all-consuming and he just wanted it to stop because
But Rosie frowns because she’s only known him through stories. She didn’t think he existed at all. “Where’s he been?”
He stumbles forward and wraps his arms around Greg’s neck, burying his face in his shoulder as he weeps. Greg grunts as he absorbs the man’s impact, seeing that kid from so long through the new lines around his eyes. Through the grey just starting to streak his hair.
She doesn’t realize it’s exactly what she needed to hear until he says it, and she feels all warm inside, watching him watch her. “Okay,” she whispers. “That would be good.”
“Rosamund, you’re all right,” he says, having no idea if she even registers his presence in the room. “You’re safe.”
He sees the curtain flutter in the front window and he holds his breath as he glances in the car. “I think we’re about to find out.” He closes the door and begins to make his way up the walk as his brother’s voice bellows across the tidy garden:
“I have John Watson’s daughter in a bedroom upstairs and a little brother who is not emotionally equipped to deal with what is happening right now,” he snaps, patience wearing thin. “Just - will you come?” It might be the closest Greg ever gets to hearing Mycroft Holmes beg.
“Well go ahead,” Nana says to Sherlock who hesitates in the foyer. Then she reaches up and runs her free hand through his hair, gently cupping his cheek. And for the first time since Rosie’s known him, Sherlock looks like he might cry.
The Detective Inspector crowds in closer to get a better look and Mycroft tilts the screen, showing him John’s beaten and bruised face. “Christ,” he whispers.
Mycroft glances over his shoulder. “We made it eight hours together without you and she the six years before that. I think we’ll survive.”
“No, indeed. If Rosamund is safe and sound, John will know I got to her. It makes sense I’d take her here, to Mrs. Hudson. A place she knows. I don’t think he’d suspect Sherlock’s presence. You saw the video. He doesn’t believe he’s alive.”
He needs someone that knows Sherlock, that knows John and all of their history. That can be a crutch for a brother who won’t accept the assistance Mycroft is trying haphazardly to offer. At the moment, he feels like a bike with only one good wheel. So, with a sigh and a prayer to a deity he doesn’t believe in, he pulls out his mobile and dials yet another number.
Greg startles at the question but nods at Sherlock. “Ask him.” Then he glances around the room. “What happened?”
Lestrade retreats to the kitchen, and Mrs. Hudson opens the book, letting Rosamund show her which chapter she and John had gotten to.
Sherlock goes utterly still where he stands, holding up a jumper of John’s he probably would have tried to burn back in 221B. His fingers clutch the fabric much like Greg imagines Rosie clutches that stuffed bunny, like it’s the last modicum of comfort in a dark, sad world.
“I’m sure he didn’t mean it, mate,” he manages, clapping an awkward hand on Sherlock’s bony shoulder.
Raising his gaze to the ceiling, he listens to the gentle rise and fall of murmured voices through the floorboards. Sherlock and Rosamund seem to be getting along all right so far. At least no one’s burst into tears yet.
“Don’t,” Sherlock snaps, and Mycroft’s mouth clips shut. How easy it is for them to fall into their old ways. It’s default, habit. A comfort. But nothing about this is comfortable. And easy won’t bring John Watson back.
He forgets, sometimes, just how long Sherlock and Moriarty were in each other’s orbit. How many years they played chess, chasing a white rabbit and running a long con that ended on a roof.
They’ve hooked him up to an IV, which is nice. Shame it’s just saline solution and not the good stuff, though. Everything hurts, down to the last hair follicle on his head.
He made it out by the grace of a higher power he still claims not to believe in, but like the apostles before him, he’s having doubts. He finished his mission and found himself on another plane, this time heading home with the ghost of more than just John Watson’s palm. John will never know it, but he’d been with Sherlock through every step of that journey.
Mycroft had once warned him not to let sentiment get the best of him. And now here he was, lying in the arms of the man that did not feel the same for him, that would soon be holding another person close at night. Now here he was... lying enclosed and pressed against the chest of the gorgeous man he had somehow, against all odds, fallen completely in love with.
But then, just when John was tempted to either call his boss over at the agency and quit or throw it completely out of the window so he could not be contacted, there was a knock at the door.
As Sherlock drew he did not even focus on getting John’s figure or exact look right, he just… drew and John ended up perfectly situated on the page. He drew and drew and before he knew it Sherlock Holmes was at his studio desk, fast asleep, the woman in the painting he had not been able to finish that morning staring at him with a knowing smirk.
Sherlock couldn’t help the happy breathy giggle that rose from his lips, a happy bubble of warmth bursting in his stomach as John kissed the tip of his nose. Sherlock closed his eyes and let out a long sigh.
“And you should never ever put them in a cage, they can contract all sorts of diseases! But you should under no circumstances leave them alone outside either because their bright colors can attract predators, and trust me: once a Pygmy Puff starts running it won’t stop for even treats! I mean one time I had my little Bluebell and… John?”
He pulled his brand new robe around himself, feeling cold and small. He looked down at his feet and kept on walking with the rest of the kids, crossing the massive hallway to the front of the great hall. He was so busy looking down that he didn’t notice the boy in front of him had stopped walking and walked right into him, almost toppling both of them over.
Over the years he had sent many letters with his drawing and depictions of the crimes but he never received any sort of thanks or even acknowledgment that they were taking his thoughts into consideration. Surprisingly, the thought was not as discouraging or heartbreaking as it would have been years before when he was desperate for the police’s attention. He then came to realize that the reason he was not going out of his mind in boredom was because he had discovered the way to let out his overwhelming amount of thoughts... through drawing. And as the years passed and his drawing became more concise and perfected the police started acknowledging him. They even began sending him case files and he started receiving phone calls from them asking for help.
“We’re wizards, John. We can surely figure this out.” Sherlock pressed his palms together and rested his chin on the tops of his fingers as if in prayer, though John recognised his thinking pose. He’d had the habit of posing like that since he was a very small child, after all. “OH!” Sherlock jumped up excitedly, his mouth shaped like an O John wanted to kiss IMMEDIATELY. Needed to, actually. He swayed very slightly forward towards where his friend stood, enchanted by the excited Beauxbatons and his snow-rosy cheeks and wide eyes, sparkling with a brand new idea.
He turned to Sherlock, meaning to express some of these things and perhaps broach the subject on what they should refer to each other as when Sherlock suddenly stopped short and started jumping in excitement.
After John left, Sherlock’s mother immediately turned to Sherlock “A whole week? That’s so sweet of you darling!” she stooped down and kissed his chubby cheek soundly “I’m so glad you’ve made a friend. That boy looks like he could use some love” She hugged her son tightly to her as Sherlock frowned a little into her chest ‘
So he’d been right. Sherlock was avoiding him.  He’d just gotten up and left. Ran off on John without a word. Again.
Mary was very beautiful, neck length blonde hair, always perfectly straightened and sharp dark blue eyes. Even without any kind of inkling to be interested in women Sherlock knew when someone was conventionally beautiful. But, observing John now he could tell that the problem was not that John was put off by her appearance or even by her flirtatious words, which to be honest were pretty kind even when slightly inappropriate in this setting.
Sherlock swallowed, mouth corners tipping into a smirk. “It is indeed, John. Maybe you should take your coat off? Wouldn’t want you getting heat stroke or anything”.
The blonde let him go with an obscenely wet pop, just the sound making him even more desperate to get closer to Sherlock. He was instantly pulled down and kissed, Sherlock able to taste himself on John’s tongue and humming deeply.
As John had first walked into the Holmes’ place that first time he had been absolutely dumbstruck. Sherlock lived in a gorgeous house that although from outside it looked like a simple cosy cottage once they stepped into it, John carrying nought but a small bag, it had looked like he had walked into a massive and shiny mansion. The furniture was still cosy but in its entirety, the place looked chique and modern. John was struck by its gorgeous decorations, very art nouveau with its swirling organic plant-like forms in the wooden furniture and swirling staircase and chandeliers.
Sherlock shrugged “if I remember correctly he has an above average aim, it’s true.” He turned to John, smiling smugly “But I’m much faster.”
Greg didn’t seem to mind the awkwardness and jumped in enthusiastically. “Pssht. He wishes. We just hang out with him so he gets a taste of what it’s like to be cool, eh Johnny?”
“Oh shit” John hissed, seeming much more preoccupied on the drawing than Sherlock now, much to the artist’s amusement. Soon enough his tongue was poking out of his mouth as he frowned at his drawing in complete focus.
It wasn’t long before the pace of his hand sped up around them, John's other hand rubbed soothing circles on the artist’s back in an attempt for him to quiet his high moans and sighs, not because John didn’t like them but because well… they were still in a classroom and the door was not locked. Soon enough, though, the pleasure built up too much as John’s hand roamed down to Sherlock’s arse, squeezing and pulling him even closer onto his lap, Sherlock groaned brokenly, arched against John's chest and with a high sob he spilled onto his lover’s hand, strings of come painting John's chest and the tails of his own shirt, not that he cared in the slightest. John followed with a deep grunt, biting down on Sherlock’s collarbone and hugging the man above him tightly. “God that was brilliant” he exhaled.
Mrs. Hudson hummed in answer, Sherlock finally looked up to see her. Her eyes were narrowed as she stared at him, clearly trying to figure something out. “Is this him too?” she peered over to the sketchbook opened to a page featuring John’s upper body, starting form the torso and up. The drawing was perfectly detailed, from the expansive scar on his shoulder to the eyelashes hooding his eyes. Mrs. Hudson picked up the sketchbook, and leafed through it. The John’s covering the pages were no wonder staring at her with telling smirks.
The artist just bent towards him, unable to help himself any longer and kissed him hard. He felt John’s surprised gasp shift into a soft moan, his hold on Sherlock’s waist tightening as he pried the artist’s mouth open.
John smiled, being grateful that even if Sherlock did not contact him again at least he cared a little about him.
He could hear the faint shifting and whispering of the falling cloth from John’s body but he made himself look straight onto his page even though he was no longer writing anything. Eventually, John walked out from behind wearing the black robe the models were given as an option to wear before they climbed onto the platform and assumed a pose they chose to begin the drawing session. Sherlock had expected John to walk out using his cane but the blonde had left it behind with his folded clothes and was now limping slightly towards the platform. The limp wasn’t as noticeable as Sherlock thought it would be judging on how much John seemed to be relying on it when walking but clearly, it was definitely a subconscious thing. He COULD see John wincing very slightly from the imagined pain but the limp wasn’t very prominent in his walk.
He walked into the kitchen, almost vibrating with anger. The sound of his footsteps didn’t even register in Sherirignford’s mind as he kept his hissing. Eliza was backed against the kitchen counters, eyes wide and afraid as her husband leant over her. Her breath was coming along in gasps and her fists were clenched as if fighting off the anger John could see in the back of her teary gaze. John kept staring at the scene before him, his vision going red, the blurry and suddenly-
All night they had talked, easy conversation flowing between them, the wine urging the need to lean closer and closer in search of each other’s touch. The artist’s deep laughter echoed in John’s chest and he felt less and less focused on the time or the place and more on the man. He hated that he had hurt him, however unintentionally, but was glad that there seemed to be a broken barrier between them now. They felt more relaxed to bring down their own walls.
As they walked in, hand in hand, they were instantly met by a chorus of “Mr. Holmes! John! Over here!”
“Oh! Is this your studio?” John motioned towards the door to the far right, walking towards the entrance.
Feeling a thrill of excitement Sherlock reached back into his bag. “A fascinating one, actually” he pulled out a yellow folder, full of files and pictures. “5 serial murders in the span of a week. Every single one linked. All made to look like cases of domestic abuse, all apparently unique. Almost as if they were just coincidentally happening around the same time. Absolutely brilliant!”
John hummed, turning to gaze lovingly at his new pet, who immediately turned to stare back at him, appraisingly. “Gladstone,” he tested out the name. The owl turned his head curiously. “Gladstone”, John repeated. The owl hooted softly, fluttering its wings as if in approval. John smiled. “He likes it.”
John laughed and grinned and it was hard to believe that so much time had passed between them, all those years of silence and distance. They walked through the expansive gardens and along the perimeter of the forbidden forest. John didn’t miss the curious looks Sherlock shot into the darkness beneath the trees but said nothing. He knew a single word from the Beauxbatons would probably be enough to convince him to go into the forest and was really not feeling up to the dangers of the creatures that lived within, nor the detention they would most certainly face.
John’s body relaxed, clearly taking in Sherlock’s indifference towards Dimmock and enticed by the idea of trying to figure out whatever Sherlock had clearly already observed but wanted to give John an opportunity to do so as well.
Sherlock raised his head and met John’s gaze with a naughty smirk “Oh yeah?” he licked his lips, slowly sliding higher onto John’s body and watching his eyes flicker down to his lips.
They headed back to “Olivander’s” still discussing game consoles and different kinds of games John played.  The fact that Sherlock was just as new to his world as John was here was oddly... comforting. As they walked into the store they suddenly heard a woman’s voice call out to them.
A comfortable sort of silence fell as they stop beside the bus. Sherlock, in truth, had no reason to walk down to the bus as his flat was the opposite way. But somehow he couldn’t bring himself to regret coming down here with John, someone who was finally interested in his deductions and cases.
He drew John. His feet, his hands, his closed eyelids and relaxed lips parted open. He drew John after he sleepily turned around, maybe subconsciously tracking Sherlock’s body heat and shifting closer. John now lay on his stomach, the white sheets tangled between his legs and revealing only one of his round and plump arse cheeks. Sherlock let out a shuddering breath. He had now seen John naked in both a professional and a sexual context. But this was new again. John had fallen asleep and allowed him to be next to him at his most vulnerable. His nakedness was not his only vulnerability, as John was fairly confident in his body, but it was a vulnerability of the soul. To let himself he so bare and vulnerable in sleep next to Sherlock, in every possible way.
“Hi” Sherlock whispered, his eyes dropping closed with exhaustion. He gave John the smallest, sweetest smile, probably unaware of how soft and vulnerable it made him look. He looked utterly perfect.
He buried his face in his hands and breathed slowly, just like his therapist had told him to countless times. She, of course, had been talking about therapeutic ways to calm himself down after waking up from one of his many PTSD nightmares, but John assumed that his racing heart and ringing ears were signs of an oncoming panic attack so he kept going.
They ate breakfast side by side, thighs touching and trying very hard not to spill their pumpkin juice every time one of them snuck in a kiss to the others neck or cheek. Sherlock inevitably did end up spilling most of his tea on himself when John pulled him in for a proper snog, their first since yesterday and still a shock to the Beauxbaton’s system.
Not breaking their kiss, they arranged themselves on the couch so that Sherlock was basically draped over John, his legs swung over the Gryffindor’s knees. John held Sherlock tightly in his arms, caressing his back with soft strokes and cupping his neck tenderly.
It was now the very first day of winter break and Greg and Molly had both left to their respective homes that afternoon. John and Sherlock found themselves alone in an almost completely deserted castle.
“Welcome welcome!” a shrill high voice greeted them in. It didn’t take the slightest amount of deductive work to see this was Madame Pudifoot. She seemed all-to-happy to have customers, as there were hardly any other in the shop aside from two pairs of couples at the very back of the room. “What’ll you have dearies? Some tea, or cakes, perhaps? Hmm?”
“This year-” McGonagall said loudly, instantly breaking the various whispered conversations that had broken out within the crowd, “will be a little different. Our friends from The Beauxbatons Academy of Magic will be staying with us after their castle suffered an infestation of giant spiders. While this issue is resolved Hogwarts will be welcoming the student body and staff to stay with us for as long as they need. I expect you all to be on your very best behaviour and remember to be good hosts”.
“Amazing” John was still shaking his head in awed disbelief when Sherlock turned to look at him. He swallowed; his thoughts which had been crystal clear suddenly clouding and leaving nothing but the expression of John’s face and the sparkle in his eyes.
Sherlock felt John’s hand squeeze his own reassuringly. The silence around them grew into a comfortable hum, undisturbed by nought but the shine of the stars. The excitement of their future to come buzzed, Sherlock thought about how now he wouldn’t have to part ways from John. They could go to school together. Him and John. His friend. His only friend. He closed his eyes, feeling sleep blur around the corners of his vision.
John’s own breath hitched as he opened his mouth to answer, but nothing came out. He settled with a nod. Sherlock nodded back and proceeded to walk around the room, inspecting the plants. John watched him go for a moment, shaking himself out of his temporary trance. What was going ON with him?
“CHRIST. Sherlock!” John stood up trying to see if there was any other way out of the room. He couldn’t see anything.
John insisted on holding his hand all the way as they walked to the restaurant, and didn’t let go even when the waitress took in their names for the reservation and showed them the way to their table. The artist quite liked how her gaze lingered on their joined hands and she looked up to smile at them sweetly. Sherlock couldn’t help but smile back.
He turned in the darkened Gryffindor bedroom and pulled back the curtains surrounding his four poster bed. “Nox” he whispered, and the tip of his wand stopped shedding its soft white glow. John looked around to see if he’d disturbed any of his sleeping friends around him. Luckily, Greg’s bed was the nearest to his own, and judging by his disturbingly loud snores he hadn’t been disturbed by John’s soft muttering or the scratch of his quill.
John groaned, his shoulders sore from the pull when Sherlock fell and his back aching where it had hit the mattress first. “Sher- you okay?” He asked, his breath still coming back to him.
“John, you are SO funny!” Mary laughed, batting her long eyelashes and brushing her hair behind her shoulder in an overly-exaggerated motion. John preened under the attention, huffing a laugh and brushing it off suavely as he was so used to nowadays.
Sherlock grinned. “Of course. Before that, however, could my companion Mr. Watson and I observe the body more closely? I would like to make sure I am making a fully informed observation.”
The cogs in Sherlock’s brained whirred to an absolute stop, John’s words unable to process with his own thoughts, the puzzle pieces not matching, some being discarded, others brought to light. John made reservations? Sarah… that name did sound familiar… Sarah was the police officer! The name and the face finally clicked in the artist’s brain. He recalled speaking to her before in some cases, one of them Angelo’s case. He’d forgotten about that. But what did this mean? What was John saying?
He said the only thing he could think of. “But Sherlock... Hogwarts. Can’t you… apparate or something with him? I can’t.. not without…”
For long moments the only sounds echoing through the large room were the scratches of the single piece of graphite and their breathing. Their gazes met often in the quiet, trusting.
Sherlock, in turn, was grateful they were still immersed in darkness as he felt the heat crawl up his neck to pool in his cheeks.
?” John stopped in his tracks, his heart thumping loudly, his ears roaring. Had he just jumped 3 meters into the air? But that was impossible! Completely impossible! How could anyone possibly
“Class!” Professor Slughorn called attention, “Professor Flitwick has unfortunately fallen sick and so the sixth year Slytherin’s will be joining our class until further notice. Isn’t that great?” Slughorn boomed, clearly oblivious to the matching grimaces the Ravenclaw’s and Gryffindors wore as they looked upon the malicious faces of Anderson and Sally.
John held him tighter, kissing the side of his neck a couple of times with murmured soothing words and gently pushed him down onto the mattress.
He couldn’t breathe. All this time John had been jealous of Irene when nothing had been going on between them and then he had basically harassed Sherlock into telling him why he had been talking to Irene when she was only trying to help him.
Mary Morstan was leaning against her easel, delicately holding her pencils in one hand and the other one in her hair, a finger curling one blonde lock around. She was looking at John through her thick eyelashes and smiling. Sherlock felt himself frown.
Sherlock peered into the mist before him and watched it revolving and twisting in lazy circles. He got closer, trying to distinguish shapes or any kind of figure through it. Nothing. But then-
Sherlock frowned “No… It doesn’t matter I ate breakfast yesterday” he tried to dodge John and head towards the door.
It had been five days since John had seen Sherlock talking to Irene in a secluded corner in the library. Five days since he had most definitely not been trying to spy on them. He had left Sherlock alone at the table for only a couple of minutes, going to retrieve his potions paper from the dining hall where he had left it on the Gryffindor table as he had run off after his genius friend who was enthusiastically talking about an experiment in the forbidden forest a couple of hours before. Sherlock had offered to help with the homework (“John just give me the paper you suck at potions” “I do NOT”) and John had obviously reluctantly agreed... (“You really want to help?” “Yes, John. I offered did I not?” “THANK YOU. I’ll be right back just give me a minute”).
He felt his blood pooling in his groin, tightening his pants, and couldn’t help the instinctive thrust of hips that aligned him with John’s. His answering bulge pressed against Sherlock’s and he hissed out in pleasure, pushing himself even further until-
“oh”, John loosened his hold on him, not wanting to pressure Sherlock into anything he wasn’t ready for. How had this gorgeous man never even kissed another pair of lips in his life? Some animal instinct just made John want to hold him tighter, claim Sherlock as his own. Here was his own blank canvas for him to claim and possess for himself and himself solely. But he couldn’t think like that. If Sherlock hadn’t done anything with anyone ever, John wouldn’t be one to pressure him to do so this fast.
Sherlock thanked the gods that Mrs. Hudson was out of town visiting her sister, or else she might’ve had a heart attack with just the way in which Sherlock and John barged in through the door, mouths attached and hands roaming absolutely everywhere. Sherlock only pulled back long enough to yank the blonde up the stairs and get the door to his apartment open.
That night at dinner the three of them sat quietly, slowing chewing on the sandwiches Eliza made for them. Her hands were twitching against her glass nervously, her teeth biting her lower lip, her breaths short and panicked.
“Sherlock?” John asked quietly, the tone of the conversation going from casual to oddly intimate and charged in a second.
After a disastrous potions lesson, where John may or may not have accidentally set his robe on fire, he decided he should get started with his homework for that class as soon as possible. After all, he better get on Professor Slughorn’s good side if he wanted a good recommendation letter for St. Mungo’s hospital after graduation next year. He had very good contacts with some of the healers, as some were his ex-students and members of his club.
Sherlock hummed an answer, too focused on whatever was in front of him. But when John realised that instead of a plate or food in front of him, Sherlock had a bowl sized cauldrons, which he was currently stirring with his wand as it turned a pearly pink.
Once he was back home Sherlock dropped his bag carelessly onto the couch and fast walked onto his studio. He opened up his nearest sketchbook with painting ideas and the very first pencil he could get his hands on. The second his pencil hit the page Sherlock’s hand moved effortlessly through the page, barely stopping to think and never retracing his lines.
John didn’t know about the crush, however, as Sherlock had done his best during the 3 years that had passed since that day to stop John from noticing his feelings. He was determined to not ruin the friendship they had formed.
Lestrade was calling after them but John didn’t stop, he sensed Sherlock didn’t want to be there one more second.
They were lying together in bed, his head on John’s warm naked chest and the blonde’s hand caressing the sides of his bare torso. There was still a slight gasp  to their breathing, the sex that had ensued after they had burst into the flat finished barely minutes ago.
“What house do you think you’ll be in?” Greg whispered just as Phillip Anderson was sorted into Slytherin.
A lifetime could have gone by as they stayed like that, staring at each other. Sherlock could easily see the anger starting to sizzle under John’s skin. Not unexpected, of course. But there was something else there. Not just sadness. Not just pain. Something more prominent Sherlock still couldn’t quite put his finger on.
Soon enough the urge was too strong and hesitantly, almost embarrassedly Sherlock reached up and thumbed his left nipple, feeling as it peaked under the pad of his thumb almost instantly. He closed his eyes again, giving in but trying his best to get it over with as fast as he could without thinking about anything in particular. Especially not the new model.
“Thank you,” John smiled and patted the owl softly on the head. Gladstone hooted quietly and zoomed back to his spot above John’s bed.
He wasn’t tall enough to read the ones on the top shelves but he satisfied himself with being confused by the ones in the bottom. As he looked up, however, he couldn’t help but notice that some of the books were moving on their own accord. Lifting themselves out of the shelves and into different positions between books or down and onto people's awaiting hands. John stared at them in amazement, wondering how in some months his sister might be able to do that, and how amazing it would be if she could somehow… teach him to do it himself.
“Oh, that. Yes. My mother made me take lessons when I was a child. My brother took up the cello and I the violin. I never stopped playing. Much to my surprise, my mother was right. It did suit me.”
Too late, Sherlock was already pulling on the stems and yanking out what looked to be a very ugly turnip-looking baby. There was at least one second where John was relieved by the static silence around them before it started. The screeching.
So yeah-- little bit of everything in this chapter- ranging from angst to fluff etc etc.... In other words John and Sherlock age 10 <3<3
Soon enough, all ten poses were up and Sherlock granted the class a ten-minute break and instructed them to pin up the best of their gesture pose drawings so the other students could survey them quickly to see each other’s progress. During this first break, most students left the room to get a quick breakfast from the school’s cafeteria and the model usually left for a quick coffee or tea break. John, surprising as he was turning out to be, just reached for his robe, slipped it on and tied the string loosely around his waist. He then climbed off and carefully sat down, wincing slightly in pain before his face relaxed as his weight eased off his injured leg. Sherlock bit the inside of his lip, fighting off the urge to ask John if he was feeling alright. Why did he even care? John was just another model. Granted an interesting one but he didn’t even know the man. But as John stretched his arms over his head and grunted in satisfaction Sherlock found himself completely immersed.
“Sherlock! Wait!”. John rushed up to his friend who, miracles of miracles, had actually stopped at the sound of John’s voice. As soon as he reached him he stepped in front of him, watching him carefully. Sherlock’s eyes were closed tightly, the letter still held firmly in his fist getting more and more crumpled by the second. “Are you alright? What’s going on?”
Sherlock didn’t even pretend to listen, he just shook his head in dismissal of whatever it was he said and kept on peering at the blood results closely, turning to observe the woman again and her background information. Without a word he turned and rushed off.
John caught him by the wrist in a tight secure grip, he pulled Sherlock towards him, hanging on to a nearby branch for leverage. Sherlock shook his head, his eyes glassy, curls flying in all directions as he stumbled back and slipped on some wet leaves under his trainers. John’s grip on the branch broke loose as SHerlokc’s weight pulled him off the roof of the house and they both fell back onto the ground.
“JOHN!” Sherlock called out, completely forgetting the fact that his friend was right behind him and ignoring his mother’s comment. He ripped open one of the letters as John stood up on shaky legs, feeling as if every second was going by too slowly… or too fast. He wasn’t sure which.
“Ah ha!” Mrs. Hudson cheered “I knew it!” she grinned up at Sherlock’s scowling expression. “So do you like him? Are you seeing him again?” she enthused, clapping her hands together in delight.
John smiled, blushing furiously and walked out of the locker room followed closely by Sherlock who turned and headed back to the Slytherin booth to join Irene and watch the game.
“Victor Trevor” the critic gritted out through his teeth, an equally pained grin pulling at his mouth. He gripped John’s hand tightly, John answering with an even tighter hold, Sherlock watching their hands tensed against each other unwilling to give in first.
The loud sound made John jump backward and away as Sherlock pulled back with a surprised gasp, his head snapping towards the door in alarm and he yanked his arms back from where they’d been curled around the model’s neck, fingers in his golden hair.
“Come on John!”. Suddenly John felt Sherlock’s fingers lacing onto his, easily slipping through the gaps between John’s fingers and curling. His hand was surprisingly warm and John felt the warmth dissipate within him. The Gryffindor swallowed and tightened his hold on Sherlock’s hand.
John hummed “Well... maybe” kiss on Sherlock’s forehead “I could...” kiss on Sherlock’s nose “just take..” Kiss on Sherlock’s lips “it off” he kissed Sherlock’s lips again, stroking his tongue against Sherlock’s before taking said tongue into his mouth and sucking it lightly. Sherlock’s breath hitched.
In an instant, with some unknown instinct, John reached up for the snitch, jumping as high as he could. His hand rose up and in a moment of glory, his fingers curled around the snitch, the cold metal of the gold searing through his warmth.
“Well you do call her almost every day dear, no wonder she’s worried” she patted his cheek as Sherlock huffed in embarrassment.
Why hadn’t Sherlock told him? Did he think John would be judgmental? Sure… Irene was definitely not the top choice of trustworthy girls and Sherlock knew that so maybe he just thought John would disapprove… or maybe… maybe Sherlock had noticed John’s feelings for him before even John had. Molly had done it. So Sherlock had obviously noticed before. Probably years ago.
dating him….. yes…. okay…. see you then mummy…. goodbye… yes….. I will…. Okay… loveyoutoo…..goodbye” he clicked off the phone and made completely sure it was off before he turned to John.
Five paintings of John hung from the walls. At the bus stop and smiling down. A couple modelling in class, his very favorite was the one where he was looking straight out. Sitting on the chair after the violin serenade. Moments before they kissed.
The artist expected him to accept the accusation, or if he was lucky some angry denials but what he wasn’t expecting was for John to reach out and in one swift move pull Sherlock’s body against his, arms wrapped around his waist into a tight hug. “Sherlock” John whispered, pressing his lips very lightly to the side of Sherlock’s neck. “I couldn’t possibly be interested in anyone other than you… I thought you knew that. I thought...” he pressed Sherlock even tighter against himself, sounding pained and saddened by the thought of Sherlock thinking he would ever pursue someone else when he finally had this amazing gorgeous man.
Sherlock didn’t answer at first, which made John sit upright and pull his friend’s almost limp body up. “Sherlock?” he asked, voice much more panicked now.
Sherlock hummed into the kiss, relief palpable as his body relaxed and sank into John’s embrace. “John,” he breathed, in between wet kisses to the Gryffindor’s mouth, “I- we.. we should probably talk”.
He loved what he did. Not just because he felt free and happy in his own world but because it made his world quiet down even for just one moment.
“Not hungry,” John smiled “At least… not for food,” he winked. Sherlock blushed to the tips of his ears, basically tripping over himself in his hurry to get up and follow John as he walked towards the entrance of the Great Hall. Knowing John though, he took a couple of biscuits and scones from the table and stuffed them into his pockets, for later.
Sherlock snorted and shrugged, turning back to his materials and finally swinging his bag onto his shoulder. “I’m as nice as they deserve me to be” he sniffed back.
How presumptuous of him to just invite himself to Sherlock’s class as the model. Remembering the shocked look Sherlock had given him as John had said those words just brought a whole new wave of shame through his body.
“Holmes?! He won’t smell a thing! That freak doesn’t have a heart! He can't feel attraction or love!!” Anderson Whispered not so quietly into Sally’s ear.
The moment John walked into the classroom Sherlock grinned up at him as brightly as he could manage, knowing John liked it when he smiled and forcing himself not to think about what the man had been up to that weekend. The blonde beamed back, seeming pleased at the fact that Sherlock was happy to see him. He looked well rested, the artist noted, so no late nights in the past few days. He looked over his figure as it walked over to the changing screen but could not deduce anything out of the ordinary. The urge to go kiss him was almost impossible to resist.
“I missed this,” John sighed as he took a seat, already eagerly waiting for the banquet to being and taste every single dish on the table. He looked longingly at the empty silver plates before them.
The fighting continued. John wasn’t sure if he was more surprised that it kept going or that he could hear Eliza was fighting back with fervour, an anger in her that he’d never heard before or that Sherlock insisted on not knowing or hearing any word they said. Whenever they came in range of hearing the shouts he would get up and come up with a new game or an experiment he assured they absolutely needed to do before they went to Hogwarts.
“Alright alright. Let’s get moving then. I’m pretty sure there’s a hidden door under all those vines over there. Come on!”
“It’s all fine Mike I’ll meet you there.” John smiled looking back at Mike “Tell the team to go change. I’ll uhh… be right there.” and then he ran out of the hall as fast as his legs would carry him. He was completely decided upon finding out what Sherlock and Irene were doing once and for all.
Soon enough, they reached the top of the hill and were faced with the entrance to the castle. John knew he would be heading to the right wing towards the Gryffindor common room, and Sherlock would most likely wander off to… wherever he went to after hours. Sherlock caught a flash of the same turmoil of emotion he’d glimpsed in John’s eyes earlier that day.
“Sorry,” Eliza giggled, covering her mouth with a delicate hand “I’m just not used to- nevermind” she smiled at John once more “Anyhow… where are your parents John? I’d love to meet them!”
So that was what John was thinking about when five days later just after Quidditch practice he landed on the soft grass smoothly and looked over to his best friend… and looked. And the frankly quite obvious realization hit him like a truck.
John didn’t look even slightly intimidated. He raised an eyebrow and looked behind his shoulder. “No. But if you touch another hair on his head I can smash your head in. Would you like that instead?” he took a step towards Anderson, his hand already clenching in preparation. Anderson stumbled back, clearly not used to being threatened back by anyone.
He came back with a handkerchief, dampened from the sink on the far end of the room (used for the painting classes that took place in this classroom on Monday’s and Wednesday’s). He carefully cleaned them both up, Sherlock tucking himself back into his pants looking quite pleased. John snorted, enjoying feeling Sherlock’s eyes follow him all the way back to the changing screen to get back into his normal clothes. “Enjoying the view?” he called back
“J- uhh” Sherlock said, breathlessly, he tried again “I need to feel you... John”. He raked his nails up John’s back, silently urging him to come up higher.
The last note, high and hopeful rang out in his ears. And although he could not recall any single note of the long and soft melody he had just played the look on John’s face made him feel as if he’s brought down the moon itself only for him.
John smiled “Well… I meant it. That was pretty amazing.” He smiled, Sherlock watched the way it made his eyes crinkle a little bit, he watched the dipping of his small dimples with curiosity. How would they feel under his fingertips?
John looked back to him, expression panicked and his gaze flickered to the door and back to the artist, clearly not knowing what to do.
... my Bumble-bee” John kissed his neck wetly, sucking slightly and pressing himself more insistently onto Sherlock and running his hands down Sherlock’s chest
Sherlock was too busy lost in the memory of their last kiss, right at the edge of the Gryffindor’s common room door (with the Fat lady softly snoring behind them), to notice John plop down beside him at the Great Hall table.
He finally spotted the blonde far within the crowd of police officers. His golden hair shining with the sun. Sherlock peered around the officer’s head’s, trying to get a better look at him. He was talking to an officer; the artist couldn’t be bothered to remember her name. He was standing rather close to her; as if leaning into her space to be able to hear what she was saying due to the noise around them. The artist frowned, his stomach twitching uncomfortably at how close her lips were to John’s ear. She certainly seemed... eager?
John’s parents were easily convinced for him to go by himself with the new boy he’d found around the streets of Diagon Alley. Sherlock said his own parents had agreed to meet him at nightfall in a store called “Olivander’s” with his older brother. They spent hours browsing through shops and Sherlock explaining everything they saw and John gawked curiously at.
“Right,” Professor Septima didn’t seem convinced either, but all too glad to get rid of this troublesome student she shoved him in front of herself and through the door.
John, however, looked completely unfazed by Sherlock’s words and instead he smiled “I suppose you’re right. They're very nice kids, though”
The evening had progressed without a hitch. Sherlock had ignored Lestrade’s texts about coming down to the Yard to fill in witness reports and he and John had simply talked. Sherlock could see John’s eyes flicker every now and then towards his studio but he resolved not to ruin this sooner than he had to. John deserved to see his paintings. They
“So, I haven’t displayed signs of magic yet,” Sherlock said suddenly. “But, I have come to the conclusion that strong emotional bursts could be the necessary means to trigger it. If my hypothesis is correct all we need to do is cause a surge of adrenaline on my system and finally... boom” he stopped his frantic pacing and turned to John, grinning and spreading his arms as wide as he could. “I’ll have magic”.
“You had some leaves in your hair” John murmured, now just essentially just petting the curls. They wove around his fingers and cradled them delicately with every caress.
“Hey!” John cried, trying very hard to suppress his grin and look serious and failing miserably. “It’s not that bad!”
“Oh uh yeah sorry.” John visibly shook himself out of the small trance that had taken over him momentarily “That sounds really interesting! You have to let me know how it goes next class yeah?” John smiled, it didn’t quite reach his eyes, though.
“Well... I don’t know where I stand with him either! We had a great time yesterday but… maybe he was just being nice. I mean he stopped writing for a reason, right? He didn’t want to keep in touch. Why should that change now?”
Sherlock had grown up a bit since last time John saw him, he still was around half a head shorter than him (much to Sherlock’s annoyance) but quite a bit of the baby fat had decreased from his cheeks. And his hair, although still stuck up in all directions, no longer bounced from his chubby cheeks and formed a halo around his head. It had now started sticking up around his ears, making wing-like curls surrounding his forehead. It looked adorable. Not that John would admit to it.
When he got to the hotel the entire place was covered with police tape. He couldn’t see John anywhere but he hadn’t expected too. John would’ve texted him the second he had gotten there if he were at the hotel already. Predictably, Lestrade was waiting for Sherlock right beside the hotel’s entrance, expression worried and completely relying on Sherlock to figure out what had happened inside.
“Very good Mr. Holmes, 5 points to Ravenclaw! Perhaps you would like to talk about its immediate stimulus effects for a further 10 points?”
Sherlock had never moved so fast in his life. He turned to look at her, afraid, and .. a little impressed he had to admit. Sherlock had been careful. The only person who had ever known about his….
“Not my fault. Nobody ever should put an elevator behind the staircase. Beats the point” he giggled. They were now in front of the door, Sherlock, still chuckling under his breath reached inside his bag for the key. He opened the door, motioning John as if they had done this a million times before. But in the back of Sherlock’s mind, the marvel of seeing John Watson walking through the front door to his flat made his heart feel like it was dancing, a warm feeling spreading through his chest.
The quiet in the house was deafening. Sherlock tried his best to pretend not to notice it. But John could hear it in his voice, see it in his eyes. He had seen something. Deduced something. Something he’d rather not know. And in a way, John saw it too. The red rims under Eliza’s eyes speaking volumes and volumes for themselves.
John looked confused so Sherlock sighed “If their drawing is bad why should I lie to them and tell them otherwise. They’re here to learn are they not? How do I help them by patting them on the back if that is not what they need”
John jumped, startled from his very vivid daydream of the kinds of things they would possibly be doing later that night or tomorrow morning, provided they weren’t interrupted again. “What is it? Did you find something?” he asked, removing his resting head from his hand, which left a warm pink imprint on his cheek from the long time he had spent in the same position. It
“Huh?” John turned towards her, startled. He hadn’t heard a single word she’d uttered, haven been too focused on the frozen boy in the blue robes.
“Are you serious?!” John waved his hands around towards the sound of the fast approaching footsteps.
“...I’d be alone again” finished Sherlock, glaring at Irene who only sighed dramatically and looked at him appraisingly.
… Sherlock rolled his eyes. “What? Is it an untimely horrible death? A ghastly murder?” some laughter was heard from the rest of the students, John included, though he tried to mask it as a very strange sounding cough. Sherlock shot him a wink.
John continued tracing Sherlock’s face softly, whispering under his breath “the deep delicious curve of you lips” he murmured, the pad of his finger barely a whisper against Sherlock’s lips. Said lips puckered slightly under the touch, lightly kissing John’s finger as his eyes slipped closed and his heart thudded boomingly against his chest.
“By the time summer came, it had been almost a whole year since I had heard from you and I was… heart broken, to say the least. That is how three whole years passed. But one day. One night, actually. I heard a commotion downstairs. It sounded like some sort of screech, like a wounded owl. I crept downstairs and saw Gladstone flying out of a window chased by my father. He held a letter in which I recognized your hand writing. I confronted him and he admitted to taking your letters and burning them. He admitted to even intercepting mail that I received in Beauxbatons so you couldn’t reach me there either. I tried to duel him that night but… I lost. I was almost expelled from school for performing magic outside of school and he threatened to hurt my mother if I contacted you. So I didn’t… and that’s how it went until he left us a year later”.
After a few minutes of this, however, the tender touches were no enough and Sherlock’s hips were subconsciously driving up, trying desperately to find friction and relief. John complied, snaking a hand between them and curling his finger’s around the other man’s length.
Molly frowned “But you seem to be getting along pretty well. I thought things were more than fine between you two.”
John glared at the man’s retreating figure, clearly thinking he was the sole cause for the distress in Sherlock’s eyes. He placed his hand on the small of the artist’s back, gently guiding him out of the crowd. Sherlock’s mouth wouldn’t move, but his eyes followed John, committing him to memory before he eventually confessed to Sherlock he had found someone else and could no longer see him.
Whatever Sherlock’s thoughts on John’s kiss last week were still a bit of a mystery. They had talked easily on the walk back from the crime scene, clearly having successfully avoided the subject and ready to move on. There was no denying that Sherlock enjoyed his company as much as John enjoyed his. Perhaps even if they couldn’t progress their friendship into…. Something more, John could still keep him as a close friend. He would swallow up his feelings and do that. For Sherlock.
John’s nerves dissipated, leaving a more familiar feeling of smug thrill at having this reaction on someone. “Alright?” he asked.
At first, John had very chastely kissed Sherlock’s lips, not wanting to freak him out again and now knowing Sherlock would most likely not respond for the first couple of moments. Sherlock, however, at the first touch of lips instantly hummed in pleasure and wrapped his arms around John’s neck, pushing his chest onto the blonde, urging him to hold him tighter. As soon as he felt John’s one of strong arms wrap around his waist he had opened his mouth, instinctively wanting to taste every inch of him.
“Hello John” Sherlock smiled back, eyes flicking down to John’s cane-less stance and up again. John smiled even wider, in silent acknowledgement. Sherlock’s heart definitely did not skip a beat and on a whim, Sherlock winked. John blinked, surprised before returning a grin and turning away to look at the students and nodding hello at them as well. He walked across the classroom and behind the changing screen, Sherlock could’ve sworn his cheeks were slightly tinted pink but it could’ve just been some trick of the classrooms light.
“Oh that’s great!.... yes I’ll be there with him, only as his arm candy of course, I cannot paint or do art at all…… that’s fantastic! I really want to meet you too…. we’ll see you soon then!... Bye!” he passed the phone back to Sherlock, grinning.
The students loved Irene. For one, with her complete sureness with her own body she was unselfconscious to change poses dramatically and unexpectedly. She also had quite a tongue on her, often responding to some of the more scathing comments Sherlock gave his students with clever sarcastic remarks. All in good nature of course. Irene was nothing if not fun. She was not afraid to correct Sherlock’s lighting of her figure, pointing out that if anyone knew the female body it was her. She was also completely and 100 percent proud and unapologetic over her sexuality.
The next day, Sherlock woke up extra early to make up for sleeping in late yesterday. Well, late for his usual schedule anyway.
The silence stretched over them as the skated together, bodies drifting closer in search for each other’s bodily warmth. Sherlock finally risked up a look at John and his heart instantly tried to pump its way out of his chest. John looked so ridiculously beautiful… so handsome. His cheeks were winter-rosy, the hair peeking out of his red Gryffindor beanie freckled with snowflakes, his gorgeous jaw just visible over his scarf and his eyes… his eyes were so blue in contrast to the winter wonderland around them, so wide and sparkling and hopeful. The silence grew charged as they kept staring into each other's eyes, neither looking away like they had every instance during the past few weeks.
Sherlock. At least he used to. But he knew Sherlock wasn’t the kind of person that was polite solely for appearance's sake. He was loud and some would even say rude when he didn’t care for someone. He wasn’t a fake.
Sherlock felt all his blood pooling down to his groin. Almost to the point where it was painful. Giving in completely, he curled his hand around himself and gasped. Flashes of John’s smile reverberated in his mind. What would those lips look parted and gasping for breath? Sherlock gave himself a slow pull, thumbing the tender head and hissing in pleasure.
“You know, if you stopped thinking about your leg it would stop most of the pain. Focusing on it is not helping”.
Hello <3! We finally reach the final chapters. This chapter is rather short-- kind of a pre-epilogue if you will. The final chapter (the epilogue) should be posted in about a week.
On Thursday morning Sherlock was taking attendance as fast as he could. Since this week the novelty of having a never before seen model had worn off there were quite a few absences but Sherlock paid no attention, for once his focus was not solely on the classroom but on its door. He awaited the moment that blonde man would walk through and completely capture his full attention. Even without being here he was already achieving it quite well.
“JOHN! Zonkos! It’s no Weasley’s Wizard Wheezes but I’ve heard it’s quite brilliant! Come ON!” he was pulling John now, dragging was a more apt description. John followed promptly, grinning as Sherlock basically ripped off his arm in the process of taking them there as fast as humanly possible.
He stared at his phone intently. Willing it to beep. To vibrate. To do something. He narrowed his eyes at it, gaze rapidly flicking to the signal bars and back to the messages icon. The clock at the very back of the class ticked sluggishly, every second longer than the one before… until eons later (probably just a few minutes but Sherlock counted every moment of it) his phone beeped. Sherlock jumped in his seat in shock and looked around himself, making sure he was still alone and no one had been around to witness that.
The heat of the water pressed against his neck and shoulders easing the pain and the tension in them. Sherlock closed his eyes and sighed in pleasure, passing his hands over every part of his body and lathering it in soapy water.
Sherlock put his cup down on the small table beside him “No. My father left us when I was a child. He had been having an affair for all my life and most of my elder brother’s. When his mistress became pregnant he left us for the new family”
Sherlock immersed himself into refining his knowledge of all the first year lesson books they’d bought and joined the quiet negation of the darkness surrounding the Holmes house. John sat by him, finding shapes in the clouds and wondering if these 5 days could go any faster.
A little while later he climbed up the steps slowly in search for Sherlock. His eyes were still stinging with tears but he forced himself to be brave for his friend. Unsurprisingly, the door was closed. John tried to open it but it was locked too. He knocked. Only silence followed.
Finally, he turned off the second overhead light, enjoying a deeper contrast with the last of light on the left side of his body. He stepped back and look at John. Stepped to the other side of the platform and stared again. He nodded to himself a couple of times before his eyes unconsciously drifted up to John’s. His gaze was met with John’s deep blue eyes instantly. He looked slightly amused at how seriously Sherlock was taking the lighting of his body. Sherlock blinked away and walked back to his desk, trying his best not to notice the fact that he could still feel John’s gaze follow him back.
“Soon enough you’ll be begging ME to give you mercy!” Sherlock laughed as they walked back to the castle under the red-orange light of the sky.
And the soft sound he had made when John had pulled gently as his hair would be ones to haunt him for the rest of his life. A soft whimper John wanted to believe had been in pleasant surprise.
John smiled, remembering how Sherlock would say the very same thing. He felt a pang of pain with the reminder and his smile faded.
Sherlock hummed low in his throat, clearly losing interest in the conversation. John rolled his eyes good naturedly, trying to give all his focus to not moving and away from his leg. It helped a little bit. Not that he would tell Sherlock.
John grinned at him as if he was the sun itself. Why was John grinning at him like that? Shouldn’t he be running away from him already? That’s what most people who spent time with Sherlock did. Of course, he’d known John when they were kids but… it had been years, surely John would not tolerate him the same way he used to.
“Apparent suicide.” He answered “But he was spotted by the security cameras after his supposed death”
Sherlock finished telling John about his experiment and John, brilliant as he was, asked all the right questions and smiled and laughed at all the appropriate moments.
He didn’t remember not feeling like Sherlock wasn’t something absolutely necessary in his life. Even when they’d been apart… those long summers were never far from John’s mind.
looked, and paused his hurried apology. “Oh” he said again, evidently noticing what Sherlock was sure were rather impressively sized pupils, a strong pulse beating in his neck and dark flushed cheeks. His apologetic expression instantly turned smug. “You liked that?” he murmured curiously, stepping closer and wrapping his arms once again around the artist’s waist.
They were pretty much just holding their brooms over their heads and trying to swat their snitch like a fly onto the ground, jumping around. They were laughing maniacally, taking turns between taking swings at the flying golden ball and each other’s brooms as if they were swords. Sherlock swung too hard and knocked John’s broom right out of his grasp just as the Snitch was hit and swivelled down a few inches with a triumphant “Aha!”.
Molly set her things down and went to the other side of the classroom to pick a wooden board to set on her easel so she could pin the sheets of paper up with some board clips, the rest of the students quickly followed her lead as they slowly rose out of their sleepy states under the bright lights of the classroom. Sherlock ticked off the names as he caught sight of each student; Phil Anderson, Sally Donovan, Mary Morstan, Paul Dunstan, Kate Halstead, Janine Hawkins and Mike Stamford. “Perfect attendance,” Sherlock thought, raising a brow, “they must have heard about the new model”. Clearly, he wasn’t the only one feeling the tediousness of having the same 15 ones over and over again. It was a small class compared to most of the ones in the school as a whole but then again students tended to drop Sherlock’s classes after the first few test weeks when they noticed most of his teaching method involved completely tearing apart the method with which they drew, observed, moved their hand, held the graphite pencil or charcoal, shifted weight, and basically any other thing he could possibly criticise about their drawing methods. This semester 8 students had stuck with him, a larger number than ever and he was cautiously optimistic about... most of them.
“You could have just called, instead of driving all the way out here and wasting precious time,” he snaps.
He can feel her eyes track him as he limps across the stone floor, toasting homemade bread and pulling out mugs. By the time he places the tray on the table, the tea has steeped and jam is spread on the frankly delicious smelling sourdough if he does say so himself. Mycroft looks as if he wants a piece but is holding back, so Sherlock takes a bite, just to spite him, raising his eyebrows expectantly.
She hears voices rise and fall and so she tiptoes over to the edge of the landing, slowly getting down on her tummy and resting her chin on her folded arms to see what she can hear. She’s been at the top of her own steps listening to Mum and Daddy many times like this.
He turns and watches Sherlock bury his head in the closet under the pretense of searching, but he’s definitely hiding. “How do you know something happened?”
It’s raining harder now, the din almost deafening in the empty warehouse, which is why he doesn’t hear someone approach until a door at the far end is thrown open and a familiar silhouette steps into its frame.
“There you are,” Mycroft murmurs, leaning back and looking nearly pleased. “I was worried we’d lost you for good.”
“No!” Rosamund yells, and Mycroft glances up in time to see Sherlock scoop her up again, murmuring against her ear as he presses her face into his neck. She settles, but only just, teary eyes never quite leaving the mobile in Mycroft’s hand, as if her father would emerge from it fully formed at any moment.
The bedroom door opens with a squeak of the hinge and both Mycroft and Lestrade turn to the kitchen in time to see Sherlock appear. It’s obvious he’s been crying, and Mycroft clears his throat and averts his eyes, admittedly (and shamefully) overwhelmed in the face of such devotion.
John heard that. He heard that and felt a pain like someone had taken a dull, rusty fork and slowly ate away at his heart. But he just blew out a breath and looked away because it was easier than having to see the forced nonchalance on Sherlock’s face.
Greg isn’t exactly sure what they’re looking for - he supposes Sherlock will know it when he sees it - but he clocks the hole in the drywall and the chipped wood on the bannister. The scuff marks on the baseboard and the splatter of blood on the opposite wall.
Her stomach gives a rumble loud enough to draw attention and she slouches lower on the sofa, but Nana is up and all but hauling her off downstairs where she says she has bolognese warming on the stove. Knowing that she cooked Rosie’s favorite makes that uneasy knot that’s been in the pit of her stomach even heavier. Things really must be bad then if spag bol is on the menu and it’s not her birthday.
He knows which spaces to avoid now. Which hallways are under lock and key (while others are in a bank vault worthy of Coutts). It’s not all a horror show, though. Some memories are quite… pleasant.
“Yes, she’s good,” he murmurs, eyes flicking up, burning something fierce. “But he’s better.” He levers the wood away from the frame and shakes something from a hidden compartment into his hand.
By the time he gets down the stairs, Sherlock is already striding as well as he can over to the car. “Your services won’t be needed,” he barks to the agent that drove Greg. Said agent doesn’t move at first, but then he lifts his hand to his ear and nods.
“Fine,” Sherlock relents. “But just the two of us.” His gaze is on Lestrade, but Mycroft knows those words were meant for him.
“Bloody hell. Shit. Let me see that. Hang on”. John reached into his back pocket for his wand, did a series of complex movements with it towards his feet and melted the ice and the ends of it with a rush of hot air. He did the same for Sherlock’s and helped them both off the icy lake and into the snowy ground where he sat Sherlock down to look over his wound. He peeled Sherlock’s hand away from his own cheek and took a clean tissue from his pocket to clean the blood. It wasn’t a lot of blood, which was good. And the bruising was also minimal.
At dawn when the artist woke, he was swathed in the blonde’s strong and warm arms, his soft sleepy breaths blew warmly against his nape and their legs were tangled tightly together. Against his back, he could feel John’s chest pressed against him. Only then did he fully let the tears flow, let the soft sobs shake free from his chest. He considered leaving John’s flat, now that the man was asleep, to avoid the awkward moments that were definitely to come. But he couldn’t bring himself to.
John opened his mouth to answer when they heard a voice coming towards them. “Hey, John! Sherlock!” Molly waved. She hurried over to the Gryffindor table and sat across from them, setting her large Ancient Runes book on the table with a soft thump. “You guys ready for winter finals? I seriously can’t wait for this break.”
Sherlock watched him. In just one week the man looked completely different. A good kind. If the professor had thought that John looked amazing last week he clearly had had no perspective on how he could look. John was absolutely glowing. His already tanned skin had a joy in feeling the power in both his legs once more.
“SHERLOCK!” John cried, scrambling out of his seat and running across the classroom as fast as he could to the limp unmoving figure of Sherlock Holmes.
“Well, I must say it’s pretty much what I expected. 11 inches, dragon heartstring, dogwood.” Sherlock said, admiring his wand at the dinner table. He twirled it around his fingers a couple of time, feigning disinterest. But John could see the excitement and the joy shining in his eyes from the other side of the table, and when he caught Eliza’s smile he could tell she saw it too.
John himself had been astounded, excited for his sister and a little disbelieving. He wondered how magic could be something real and tangible and how it was running in
John grinned but looked a bit embarrassed “I didn’t mean to… come on so hard. It’s just... I hated that man. The nerve of him. He actually asked if I was your
“What are you up to? I didn’t see you at breakfast”, he tried to sound like he hadn’t been obsessing over that the whole day but was pretty sure Sherlock could see it plainly in his face anyway.
“Wait wait. So let me get this straight… You knew that she was guilty only because of the paint chips on her coat?”
Sherlock stood from the benches and made his way out of the Slytherin booth, taking the opportunity to silently cast a confundus charm on Anderson so he would accidentally punch Sally in the face. “WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING!” He heard her screech as he practically skipped merrily away from the crowd.
John finally turned to look back at Sherlock, feeling utterly overwhelmed. “Thank you,” he said. He wasn’t sure why he said it. But he could not help it. John felt as if he had been staring at something even more like himself than when he stared into a mirror. As if Sherlock had somehow captured a piece of his soul and being and had sheathed it into the darkness of the shadows and the starkness of the lights in the drawing.
John laughed “You love it” he teased, obviously joking, but Sherlock’s cheeks instantly darkened several shades and he cleared his throat, not expecting the teasing remarks John usually made to be said in front of his students. They probably knew anyway, right? Sherlock
Sherlock took a deep breath, tearing his eyes away from his friend. Finally, he heard the faint buzz of the fast fluttering of the snitch’s wings and snapped his gaze towards it. There. Glinting in the distance the snitch whizzed past. Sherlock grinned, clutching his broom and then caught sight of Sarah Astley, zooming rapidly towards the small golden ball flying away. Sherlock leaned forward hastily, speeding up and rapidly overtaking the Gryffindor. He whooshed past her and ones of the Gryffindor chasers and towards the Ravenclaw stands, where most of the blue robed Beauxbatons stood shouting and cheering for their team.
Greg opened his mouth again, no doubt to spew some grand speech about John’s legendary flirtatious abilities as if it would magically change everything but thankfully, Molly stepped in. “John. You say you’re not like that but- it sounds like you
As soon as the room was empty a heavy silence fell once more. John discretely put his robe back on and tied it carefully with the string, jumping off the platform with ease. Sherlock’s breath hitched as he heard John’s steps nearing his desk, not daring to look up.
“So, tea before the case files?” Sherlock asked, a little bit at a loss of what to do know that John was here.
John continued, “I told her about how we met and that we uh- that we are… well.” Sherlock leaned forward, clinging to John’s every word, “She caught on and stopped the flirting, definitely didn’t seem jealous or anything. I told her I wanted to take you out but that I didn’t know many restaurants around the area and she mentioned the case with Angelo. She said that you had mentioned you liked Italian food” he smiled “and offered to show me some places. So I passed her my phone and she showed we this place, and… voila!”. John covered their linked hand with his free one, effectively enshrouding Sherlock’s hand in solid, comforting warmth.
Sherlock stopped in his tracks as both girls almost fell on top of him. He looked up just in time to see the snitch fluttering frenziedly beside his neck and he clutched at it, holding it tight in his fist. As he heard the high-pitched whistle sound, one of Soo Lin’s legs accidentally kicked him and he lost balance.
John licked his lips, his brow slightly upturned “Sherlock… you are the most human… human being I’ve ever had the pleasure of knowing. 'Sentiment' is not an error or a weakness, it’s a gift. A strength. A pleasure. And I for one,” he smiled down at their joined hands “Adore having sentiment for you”.
“Ah. Yeth. I thee.” He looked John up and down, placing his tiny pale hands under his chin in a mock praying position. “Your parents are not wizards. You're only about 7 and they left you here own your own, clearly, they are either afraid of what they’re seeing in the magical world or they thimply don’t care much. By the look of the length of your hair, I’d say you previous haircut was well over 6 months ago so I’m gonna go with the latter- they don’t pay much attention to either of you. You’re astounded by the everything here and clearly, you’re not of age to be accepted into hogthwarth… your older thibling was accepted. Rather recently too judging by your still unbelieving face at the magical world. Did I get anything wrong?” He smirked at John again his dark curls bouncing as he raised his head and straightened his back to appear taller.
AT LAST. FINALLY! IT ONLY TOOK THEM 40K BLOODY WORDS. THIS WHOLE STORY WAS SUPPOSED TO BE A ONE-SHOT, DAMMIT.
Trelawney opened her mouth, perhaps to say something else about this supposed danger John was in, but the blonde just kept on walking towards the exit. Sherlock turned to one of the globes as he passed near one of the tables, something catching his eye, some kind of movement. A flash of red robes zooming past. A lock of blonde hair. And was that… a crunch he’d just heard? Sherlock shook his head, shaking himself out of it.
Sherlock cleared his throat, looking down at his feet momentarily as the cab finally rolled down and stopped beside them. “So umm. See you next week then?” he asked hopefully.
“Oh? Sounds promising,” John smiled at him over his scarf, his words slightly muffled and wafting a light mist into the chilly wind.
“Look…” John continued “would you like to talk about this in a… less student-populated place? I uh… I made us reservations for dinner in this restaurant a police officer recommended.” He bit his lip nervously. “What was her name...Sarah? I asked her for restaurant recommendations and she pointed this one out I thought you and I could… check it out?” with every word the model looked more and more concerned, unsure. As if really doubting Sherlock would agree to come with him.
John couldn’t really say what had him feeling so down. Sure, it was everything he’d felt last night with Sherlock’s returned note. But he thought it’d just been the darkness of midnight enhancing his emotions, the dismissive quality of Sherlock’s response. But now he was also feeling a sense of loss as he finally accepted that perhaps his friendship with Sherlock really HAD ended 5 years ago.
John chuckled and rose himself up again, carrying Sherlock with both hands cupping the deliciously rounded globes of his arse as he had done before, the professor’s long legs enfolding themselves up around him once more, in an effort not to be set down. The model took him to his desk and carefully unwrapped those elongated limbs from himself, Sherlock whining in protest half-convincingly as his laugh quite of tampered the effect. “One moment, I’ll be right back” John promised, kissing Sherlock’s curls and walking towards the changing screen.
In the midpoint of the night, as Sherlock was able to zone out a little during the interviews he surveyed his surroundings. The turn out was even better than he had expected, even after gaining a bit of a following after the last gallery. He was pleased to see people recognizing John delightedly and asking him about modelling experience, as he enjoyed the light in John’s eyes at being valued and looked up to. His John. His reason of being here. His muse.
try to ask but got a one-word response he wasn’t quite sure had been answering him or had just been some sort of thought in Sherlock’s head he had voiced to have something to respond). All in all, John found it all surprisingly adorable. He brought Sherlock some tea and a sandwich from the cafeteria, knowing very well the artist had not eaten since breakfast, and even then he’d only eaten one of Mrs. Hudson’s biscuits before he yanked John away form the kitchen and into a cab to go to the University.
But as much as John enjoyed learning about these crazy things, or exploring the long dark creepy halls of the restricted sections, with its screaming books and its whispering parchments, the best part of the night… the one feature of interest as his friends would say: was Sherlock. Sherlock with his hair gleaming in the moonlight streaming through the window. With his sparkling mischievous eyes and long pale fingers turning page after page and sending whiffs of his sweet scent across to John, who was losing concentration with every passing moment.
John just pulled him back, gently and into the kitchen “That’s not the same Sherlock! You have to start eating properly. 3 times a day.”
They had stayed laying on the mattress for long hours, Sherlock’s ragged panicked breaths eventually slowed down until he had fallen asleep under the midday breeze and the shade of the treehouse he and John played in every summer.
“A freak,” she said again as if having to emphasise how much she didn’t understand him. How could she? John thought. He was the only one who’d ever understood him. Just as he was. “No one likes him,” she continued. “Always saying weird things and getting himself punched. Little weirdo deserves it, to be honest. Practically asks for it.”
“Okay. Enough now. Back to work. It's time for the second pose now, John” he clapped his hands once, calling for the classes attention. No one really left the room for this second break so everyone just raised their gazes from their phones or stopped their friendly conversation with John and walked back to their drawings, changing the pages carefully as to not tear them in the process.
In the end, he needn’t have worried, the blonde just turned around and leant on the side of the table. “So...” he started “Anything on with your cases?” he sounded just as curious as he had last week, even without the need to keep himself distracted from the pain in his leg.
“France, I think. Why?” she answered quietly, still hanging onto McGonagall’s every word as she explained where the Beauxbatons students would be staying. (They would be divided equally between houses at random, rather than being sorted by the hat).
Sherlock positioned all the lights near the platform so he could arrange them when the model arrived. He then walked back to his desk and took out all his drawing materials as well as the attendance list and a small notebook. He still had an entire half hour to spare before the students would start trickling in so he flipped through his sketchbook and found some old drawing he could polish to later make into paintings for his upcoming gallery.
John was about to protest but Molly’s happiness was too contagious and for the first time in these past months after having to swallow up these bubbling feelings and repressing all this emotion… John just finally let it out. He beamed, feeling a blissful bubble burst in his chest, surging up with warmth. He allowed this all-encompassing emotion fill him up from head to toe as it fluttered through his chest, holding a familiar sense comfort.
John bobbed his head a couple of times, humming at the feeling of Sherlock’s fingers in his hair and loving the sensation of Sherlock’s cock thicken against his caressing tongue and his balls tightening under his probing fingertips.
John laughed as best as he could around his panting breaths, his head tipped up to give the artist better access to his pulse point and hands grabbing the man possessively around the hips.
Sherlock shook his head “It’s entirely possible, John. It’s going to be… amazing. Imagine our firs day at Hogwarts! Getting sorted into houses… I bet you’re a Gryffindor. I'll be a Ravenclaw, obviously. And soon enough we’ll be proper wizards.” He turned to look back at the stars, his face filled with delight.
Today Sherlock had decided to give John some props from the class to bounce off and contrast the figure. He gave him some white and gold drapery and John had alternated between stretching the sheet with his arms, back and body and just swathing it over himself, letting the silky fabric drop and emphasise the hitches and curves of his figure. The golden stitching on the drapes matched John’s hair almost exactly and Sherlock had found himself having to go to the cafeteria to rehydrate himself. Perhaps, he thought, he was getting sick.
The thought had crossed John’s mind in a loop for at least the last 20 minutes as the cab carried him further and further away from Sherlock Holmes.
There it was again. That electric feeling that always seemed to shoot up Sherlock’s spine when his eyes met the model’s. John smiled tentatively, resembling the last almost-smile he gave Sherlock before he jumped in a cab without another word.
“And then when you- haha- ha. I can’t believe you made us break into an apartment building, and run up 15 floors just so you could use the rooftops as running ground. And then we saw the elevator on the top floor after all those goddamn stairs” Sherlock burst into new peals of delighted laughter alongside him, John shaking his head and gasping for breath.
The next couple of hours were spent at a lab at St. Bart’s. John helped Sherlock with anything he could, but mostly just sat there and stared at the other man’s exquisite face as he was deeply concentrated in the blood samples and whatever else he was researching on his laptop (John
Some part of Sherlock’s mind recognised his brother’s voice and couldn’t feel anything but severely annoyed with him. Because… Had John just… what was that? Why was his heart hammering against his ribs? Why was he so suddenly nervous and why did he suddenly feel so warm? So so warm inside and-
So far they’d kept their sexual activities to solely oral and manual, per say, but tonight felt different. For Sherlock, to finally have the confirmation that John was his, solely
“Mrs Hudson” Sherlock interrupted her “Don’t you have some other thing to be attending to? Your herbal soothers maybe?” he deadpanned
Class ended faster than Sherlock had ever thought possible. The students had all clearly taken a liking to John, as when Sherlock had returned from the break most of the students had been back into the formed huddle surrounding the platform and John had been grinning happily at them
As prefects they didn’t ride the train with the others, having to stay for a meeting with the rest of the prefects in a separate cubicle before every school year. But at least they were together. He finally spotted a familiar tinge of light brown hair scooped up into a ponytail walking almost at the very front of the crowd. “There she is!” he cried, he fastened his pace towards her, Greg trailing closely behind.
John looked a little wary for a moment, clearly wanting the conversation about their misunderstanding to be in the past but not wanting to hurt Sherlock again.
He had been sitting with his sister, Harry, staring blankly at the TV when the doorbell rang. He heard the usual scuffle from one of his disgruntled parents when interrupted from their work. Both parents worked from home and were usually extremely busy to deal with either of their children, hence the vacant stares of their children watching Television to alleviate their boredom.
“Victor Trevor. Art critic for the Belgravia newspaper” he stretched out his hand expectantly, not taking his eyes away from Sherlock’s neck.
Ah great. Of course, bloody Anderson was now talking to John. Clearly, he had noticed the way his Sally had been staring at him and now wanted to make himself the center of her attention once more. Fantastic.
“Good,” smiled Molly. “It was just… not a pretty sight. That ball hit you square in the ribs and damn… that crunch…” she shivered. “Not cool”.
“Alright. Now, I’m ready” Sherlock walked out of their room with a charcoal black suit and deep purple shirt, no tie. He straightened it with surprisingly steady hands and turned to John.
Sherlock’s heart performed some sort of somersault in his chest and his stomach flipped in agreement as he beamed to his… his
“So Mr.Holmes, is it?” Trelawney asked, completely shattering the moment of frozen disbelief both boys had been trapped in. Sherlock tore his eyes away from John’s, “Er.. yes. Yes. Sherlock… is fine” he said, his voice wavering slightly as he straightened himself up.
Sherlock knew John had written him letters. Countless letters that had, in the end, remained completely unanswered… but never forgotten. How could John Watson not hate him, when Sherlock himself had made him promise not to forget him, to write him, to keep in touch whenever possible, and then proceeded to ignore his existence for the next 5 years.
He knew he was pushing his luck but he simply could help himself. So finally he moved his hand and pressed it lightly against John’s cheek, turning his head in the direction opposite to which his torso was turned, allowing a clear view of John’s gorgeous golden neck and sharp square jaw. He could feel the heat of the blonde’s face beneath his open palm and his own face answering with the same heat in his cheeks. His eyes slowly glanced down his body, catching sight of his abdominals, strong thighs and his soft cock lying between them, it didn’t help that he knew exactly what it’s weight and taste was like against his tongue.
They panted in unison for a couple of minutes, basking in the euphoria of being so close to each other, of finally breaking the unspoken barrier between them. Sherlock still had his long arms firmly wrapped around John’s warm body and did not feel even the slightest inkling of letting him go. John Watson. In his arms. In his bed. In his life.
Sherlock gulped visibly, his blush darkening several shades. He nodded, word getting stuck on the way out of his throat.
Mycroft had both eyebrows raised and was staring at Sherlock in part shock but…almost.. was that amusement? Delight?
Molly’s brow furrowed in confusion, “Then who? Ugh! Greg stop eating so fast you’re gonna hurt yourself!”.
Things had been…. tense between the two of them since the amortentia disaster and Sherlock felt like John was drawing back and away from him. Or like he was doing that to John. He wasn’t sure. Sherlock hated not knowing. Not knowing what John thought about him anymore, and he hated himself for not being brave enough to tell him what he was really doing with Irene.
Now, as they walked into the classroom and John lost his hold on Sherlock it felt as if reality crashed back into them. Sherlock asked the students to display their last class drawings on the wall, and told John that the modeling would start an hour later than usual whilst he and the students observed the progress of the class as a whole.
being able to hold the one person that mattered most to him in all this world and know that they were finally where they were supposed to be all along. In each other’s lives. In each other’s hearts. In each other’s arms.
“Umm.. looking for someone?” Lestrade asked, finally noticing that he was not listening to a single word he was saying.
The woman took off the black pointed hat, revealing her greying hair pulled tightly into a bun at the back of her head. She had stuck her hand into her pocket and carefully pulled out a large off-white envelope with a red wax stamp on the seal. “Good afternoon Mr Watson. My name is Minerva McGonagall and I need to speak to Miss Harriet Watson, your wife and yourself. I have very important news to give you”.
John laughed “Yeah. So… how’re you doing? No no don’t look at me like that… I mean it. Did you answer your mother’s letter?”
The morning after he’d slept over at John’s place, Sherlock had tried his best to act normal for him. John had not mentioned the woman at all. Instead, he’d dedicated his morning to taking care of Sherlock, kissing him and caressing him until Sherlock was writhing against his sheets, all thoughts of pain momentarily forgotten within the red heat of John’s wet mouth around him.
Anderson moved without a single word, but he was still glowering at Sherlock’s back. Sherlock positioned himself in front of the drawing and grabbed Anderson’s pencil and began sketching on top of it in beautiful singular lines that completely contrasted Anderson’s hatch work of scribbled contours.
The conversation then took to their favourite Quidditch teams and future matches against the Beauxbatons houses.
Molly rested her head on her hand, thinking. “Hmmm… well. You can’t just spring it on him. You’re right about that. He’d just become uncomfortable. Maybe... find a way to get him alone. Just the two of you, and actually have a conversation with him. Not just Quidditch talk. Hang out somewhere other than in the classroom or the field. And then ease into the subject”.
Sherlock almost never gave in to even acts of pleasuring himself. Knowing well that soon enough the problem would go away and he had never had the need to share himself or his pleasure with another body. He’d known since he was a child that he was gay, but that did not mean that he desired to interlace himself with issues such as
His raven hair was a messy array of curls that bounced in every direction as if he had coursed his hands through it ceaselessly throughout the night. This would, of course, explain the slight smears of red and blue inside the folds of some of the untamed curls. His neck and hands had not been spared from the paint either, as streaks of color were stuck in a shocking contrast to the pale and creamy skin. Funnily enough, he was not wearing baggy clothes that could be stained or ruined with the grease from his oil paints or the dark charcoal dust, but instead, he wore a perfectly clean and smooth dress shirt. The clothing was pristine, unlike his skin, and if not for the slight movement of his breathing it would’ve looked like a well dressed, painted mannequin in the middle of a store.
“Happy?” Molly grinned. “I’m over the moon! This is the first time I’ve ever heard you express ACTUAL romantic feelings for another person! Not just
John nodded, lacing his finger’s through the Beauxbatons. “Is there nothing we can do? Or Mycroft perhaps? Maybe we could talk to her”
Molly peered at him curiously, “John? Are you uh… are you sitting with Sherlock today? Like uh… like last week? Or-?”
“I LOVE Pygmy Puffs! I had no idea you were an animal lover like me!” and that was how John found himself trapped for a whole hour in the library, sermoned about the proper care of Pygmy puffs and their habits by an excited Molly Hooper whilst trying to figure out any kind of excuse to leave and find out what Irene and Sherlock were up to.
The model groaned around him, which only sent more thrills of pleasure up Sherlock’s spine and made his mind whirl and buzz. He reached down a hand a clutched at his lover’s hair, needing to touch him somehow, feel him. His thighs kept shaking and he couldn’t help the tiny thrusts up into John’s mouth, a little self-conscious but encouraged by the blonde’s reassuring gentle hands on his thighs.
“Much like yourself, I should think” Sherlock answered, feeling his own face mirroring a smile back.
“Oh... umm... okay? A man’s body was found overdosed in a hotel room, apparently a suicide. But the security camera shows the same man checking out of the hotel room and leaving the day before he was found, never coming back inside.”
“OY!” John called out, walking rapidly towards them. “What the hell do you think you guys are doing?!”
Sherlock huffed and stood gingerly from his seat. He walked slowly, anxiously towards the front of the class, giving Anderson and his girlfriend equally disgusted glares and stopped in front of the boiling copper cauldron.  He looked at it as if it might bite him if he weren’t careful until Slughorn asked excitedly what he could smell.
“What’cha thinking about John?”, asked Greg, flying up to John and hovering close as they watched the rest of their teammates fool around whilst batting bludgers and at each other.
Sherlock’s eyes widened in shock at the realization. Dimmock kept prattling on but now the artist was entirely and completely separated from his consciousness. He could feel dread sinking low into his stomach, his heart pulsing painfully against his ribs, the back of his eyes stinging with sudden unexpected tears.
Sherlock shrugged, trying to seem nonchalant. “A lookout would be very helpful, and..” he hesitated “I like your company”.
John nodded, understanding completely. Though, knowing he wasn't the only one certainly made him feel a little better, safer. “I’m John, by the way” he smiled “What’s your name?”
“Hey, John! Why aren’t you sitting? Why are you shaking?” Mike suddenly looked concerned. “Is this about the match? Cause I’m pretty sure we can take ‘em! You better have some breakfast though the match is in like 20 minutes… John?” Mike raised an eyebrow noticing John was staring at empty space in the Great hall door.
He stood. Now was the time to survey the way his students were getting along with their drawings. John watched him walk around the room, not moving a single muscle but his eyes and Sherlock smirked, clearly he was expecting Sherlock to say something about the talented students he had before him but Sherlock decided to instead say,
“Well, I can’t wait to see that!” John smiled, honestly. He’d been curious to see Sherlock actually playing his own position on the team for ages. Frankly, he was a little more curious to see the Beauxbatons Quitich uniforms, or rather, how Sherlock looked like in his Quidditch uniform. The day of the match really couldn’t come fast enough.
John shook his head, clearing his mind from the whirring and confusing memories and turned once again to see if he could spot Sherlock anywhere. This time his eyes caught on the inky black curls of his friend, lingering close to the Gryffindor table and looking unsure as to where to sit or what to do. John’s heart swelled with affection.
The building was not very tall, four stories and had pale cream walls and two classic Greek columns surrounding the entrance. He had to maneuver through a mass of people crowding in front of the police and news cars until the DI finally spotted him.
On Tuesday, the first class of this week, Sherlock had called out to them at the beginning of the day. “Class” Sherlock had said, standing up to guarantee they would all turn to see him. “John is coming back for this week’s lessons so please abstain from being annoying to him.” He’d said a little defensively, hoping no one would ask any question and prompt Sherlock into a denying frenzy.
Harry, stirred by John’s surprised reaction, moved her head lazily from the screen and peered above her younger brother’s blonde head, her mouth dropping open almost instantly and one of the chips she’s been mindlessly eating falling onto her lap.
When he turned back to John he was staring at his drawing, eyeing it with a furrowed brow, “Wow, what did I do”.
school” she scoffed. “Beauxbatons is so much better! So much neater. Everything is perfectly organised and makes sense. This school cannot even begin to compare to-”
Sherlock flushed instantly, remembering the intoxicating and overwhelming smell of John all around him.
“Shh… It’s okay. We don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to. You can tell me later if you like. Or not. But I promise we’ll figure this out okay?”
Sherlock hummed, unsure. He walked over to John, placing his hand in the crook of his elbow and pulling it up gently. John’s breath hitched almost imperceptible, certainly inaudible to anyone that wasn’t Sherlock. Now that he had had a touch of John he felt unable to stop himself from getting more. He rose his hand, lightly and deliberately touching along the length of the man's arm. He could feel those deep midnight eyes watching him. He breathed out shakily and his hand travelled up his shoulder and onto John’s other arm which was curled above his head with his elbow pulled up, and straightened it tenderly.
At that moment Sherlock had stirred, touching his lips momentarily with his painted fingers and staining his lower lip with green before blinking a couple of times, obviously having felt John’s presence and gaze over him and turned around, surprised.
“Yes! You’re John no?” Angelo’s voice boomed out happily as he continued to grin at John. “I am Angelo. Mr. Sherlock Holmes texted me, said you forgot this in his classroom!” he said raising one of his arms where clutched in his hand was John’s cane.
The blonde hurried over, trying hard not to make noise, less he attract Filch’s attention, or worse, that toothy plant over in the corner. “What is it?” John came and stooped down next to the Beauxbatons.
“No… I guess not” Sherlock murmured as John giggled. He finally raised his mouth to John’s waiting lips and kissed him slow and soft, tongues meeting and gliding together in a familiar and soothing way.
John snorted and poked him teasingly in the ribs. Sherlock immediately bent over in what John first mistook as pain but then when he took a closer look at Sherlock’s embarrassed face saw it for what it was. “Oh my god… Are you- Sherlock. Are you ticklish?”
“Hey, John!” Mary called out, once again breaking their tension. “Do you want to come to the lake? I’d love a tour of the outside grounds!” She giggled as if there was something absolutely hilariously charming about what she’d said.
John hummed “She’s a good model then? Pretty?” he couldn’t help the slight pang of jealousy he felt knowing someone else had been posing naked in front of Sherlock just hours before. Knowing Sherlock had been observing her closely with those unnatural icy eyes and mirroring her exact image carefully onto the paper before him, capturing a piece of her and keeping it with him. He bit the inside of his cheek, trying not to grit his jaw. After all, he still wasn’t sure what Sherlock thought about their kiss or whether he should bring it up and apologize or not.
“AHA!” hooted John. “And the Gryffindor scores AGAIN! DOUBLE POINTS! 170 to 80!” he started swinging side to side on his broom with his hips, closing his eyes and pumping his arms in a victory dance.
“Let’s head up to my common room, shall we?” John murmured, laying another kiss on Sherlock’s cooling cheek and another on the tiny bit of skin visible on his neck above Sherlock’s scarf. “I’m not even half done with you” he whispered. Sherlock shivered with pleasure, heart hammering and stomach filled with elated butterflies… and followed John.
Just as the first cold touch of John’s lube coated fingers probed against his entrance, the blonde sucked hard on the artist’s cock, effectively distracting him from the initial discomfort. Sherlock tightened his hold on John’s hair, gasping panting breaths and doing his best not to thrust up into the warm heat surrounding him. John just lowered himself even more, taking as much of Sherlock as he could without gagging and bobbing his head back up in rhythmic sucks.
“Y-yes. That’s what I just said, John” he muttered softly. His voice still had a slight waver and faux confidence he hoped John wouldn’t detect.
“My parents wouldn’t approve of me having an owl” John shook his head. “Or maybe they wouldn’t care…. No. I don’t know”.
Lightning. That was the only way Sherlock could have described the second their eyes met again. So intense and so electric they both had to look away. Sherlock to scratching his pencil more ferociously on the page and John onto the ground, both unaware of each other’s reactions and berating themselves alone.
Sherlock nodded wildly, dunking the Mandrake back into the pot and covering it with soil as frantically as he could. The screeching didn’t stop. “Oh god oh god oh god” Sherlock muttered.
Anderson only laughed harder, forgetting momentarily about Sherlock and loosening his hold on him. Without the fists forcing him up Sherlock slid to the ground in a painful looking slide and fell to the ground with an audible thump. “Pshhht. What does that even mean for us? What are you gonna do Mr Prefect, huh? Deduct house points from us for teaching a freak a lesson?” he snickered again.
His job as a figure drawing teacher was interesting enough, he thought, as he could observe the students and the models and their behavior for several hours at a time. Maybe he’d find the missing link in this painting while he was at it- ‘
They all sat in a circle around the few drawing they had posted on the largest wall in the room, all sketches of John and a few of Irene in poses from all angles, some quite good and accurate drawings, others not so much. This was one of the professor’s favorite lessons of the semester as he got to evaluate them and observe their growth. And the students got some confidence as everyone else critiqued their work, which was usually a very reinforcing and confidence building process as the student’s tended to be nice to each other, especially in a class as demanding as Sherlock’s.
“You… don’t you think it's weird? You’re not weirded out by me?” Sherlock whispered in a rush, needing John to understand that nothing in his life had ever felt as natural to him as painting him. But not wanting him to feel uncomfortable about it.
“To see your paintings of course. You never do allow me to come into your studio.” He rose an affronted eyebrow
Sherlock watched with interest as John’s narrowed eyes slowly tore away from the door and he realized his position.
It had been steadily snowing for the past couple of days, and the outside grounds were completely buried in fluffy white mounds which John absolutely wanted to throw himself into. So they both set out wearing their winter coats, scarves, hats and gloves. John snorted at how posh the Beauxbatons winter uniform was, with frilly fur that served more for decorative purposes than actual heat. Sherlock had rolled his eyes and stolen some of John’s woolly winter socks in retaliation.
Eliza was sobbing into her hands again, her shoulders shaking with every gasped tremulous breath. “I’m… I’m so sorry my darling. I couldn’t… I couldn’t convince him otherwise.”
The clock on the wall ticked slowly, every tick resounding into the room as if it was void of anyone.
“Hi,” John finally said, his voice soft and gentle. “Glad you texted” he smiled, a little more like himself this time but still cautious.
By the end of the class, Sherlock had had nothing more than silent contact between himself and John. To be fair he’d seen the blonde looking at him all throughout the class, especially in the second half of the day when he had taken out an easel and had joined his student for the last couple of poses of the day. Unspoken acknowledgement of the last time Sherlock had drawn him was communicated in looks and appreciative glances down each of their bodies.
“The bookth won’t come to you. It’s a thimple thpell.” The boy motioned towards said floating objects with a nod of his head and a small hand. “It doethn’t work just raithing a hand to them. You need to uthe magic. Not that you could anyway, you’re far too young to be heading to Hogthwarth.” He smirked at John’s confused expression.
“No, John. You aren’t listening. He was innocent. The police had him as a prime suspect but I assured them they had the wrong guy and to let him go. Nice guy, he was-“
At first, Sherlock had seemed bored, his usual manner when anyone other than John talked to him for too long and did not have an interesting case for him to investigate. This was something that although sometimes worried John, who did not want Sherlock to be alone in the classes they did not have together, it somewhat flattered him too.
“Clearly not as much as what’s going on with you!” she smiled, taking a seat on the cushioned chair in front of him. “You alright?”
“Oh,” John sounded uncomfortable. “It was... It was my sister. Harry. I had invited her to have lunch so she could meet you this Saturday. We hadn’t seen in other in ages but... I wanted her to know you and you, her. Whether I want it or not she’s a part of my life and I care about her…”
Ten fast minutes in, the Gryffindor team had scored 4 times, and Slytherin none, with the practiced and mastered tactics John taught them during the endless early morning practices. And the captain himself was zooming like a flash to the ground where he extended a hand and caught the glowing snitch with a skilled snatch.
Sherlock reached down with a shaking hand and took John in hand, marveling at feeling the thickness and the warmth of this man’s erection for the very first time. It was so much larger than he had pictured. He squeezed, rewarding instantaneously by John’s reverberating groan. “Oh Sherlock” he hissed
?’ he thought. Well, he HAD just asked John to spend a week with him and he barely knew him! However… he just couldn’t find it in himself to be regretful. Even after seeing Sherlock’s deduction abilities John hadn’t made fun of him, or called him names, or even acted offended! All things Sherlock was used to receiving as reactions to his observatory abilities. John had been kind and… fun. He was different. He seemed like Sherlock’s perfect choice for a friend. The first one he’d ever had.
For the rest of that first half hour pose, Sherlock walked around the room silently observing the students.
“We were just…I mean. We were wondering if you guys... I mean obviously y-you... uh” Mike stuttered.
John threw himself at him, but instead of feeling the familiar sensation of a fist colliding with his face Sherlock felt the weight of John’s arms around his waist as he was embraced in a bone crushing …hug? After the initial millisecond of frozen shock, Sherlock stopped thinking, and instinctively burrowed his face into John’s neck, throwing his arms around his shoulders…. and sighed.
He held out his hand, bare against Sherlock’s glove, which Sherlock found unacceptable. So Sherlock took off his glove hastily and took John’s hand in his own, lacing their fingers together and hoisted himself up. John looked at their joined hands, a small pleased smile tugging at his lips.
They looked at each other for a moment in silence, trying to figure out how to best pretend like nothing had happened.
The memory of John bathed in moonlight whilst draped with Sherlock’s sheets above his middle was certainly the most beautiful memory of John Watson Sherlock would ever have the pleasure of having. Full rooms of his mind palace were dedicated to solely that night.. and the next morning. But seeing him now after not seeing him for so many days.. Sherlock could not contest the fact that even under the fake white lights of the classroom, John took Sherlock’s breath completely away.
He swerved his broom as high as he could honest room and started shouting instructions as his team zoomed in right beating bloggers and chasing each other in preparation for the game. John tried his best not to pay attention the tingling feeling that someone was staring at him, that
“How did you get that?” John asked, peering into the folder as Sherlock opened it beside him to show John. The main picture displayed a woman in her dressing gown, laying on a wooden floor with bruises around her neck. The pictures beneath that one were all similar. Men and women killed in different ways, all seemingly attacked when least expecting it, none of them holding weapons in return. John could see tiny notes scribbled onto the side of the picture, where Sherlock had made all his observations. He could make out the words “180 cm” and “unfaithful” but not much else.
The Gryffindor didn’t notice when he fell asleep but soon enough he felt a nipping in his earlobe and the sound of something clicking impatiently. John opened his eyes blearily and saw Gladstone standing on his chest, head turned curiously as she watched him wake and process his surroundings, specifically the piece of parchment lying right in front of the owl’s claws.
He took an exasperated breath and shaking his head he followed the voice. And if his pace was hurried and bordering on mildly desperate well that was just because it was his time on duty and clearly he was the closest Prefect around. Obviously.
This time, John’s happy laugh was louder, shaking his chest and Sherlock by proxy. “Maybe I can convince you,” he said, his voice dropping.
“Oh… er.. sorry. I uh... can’t today. Maybe another time” he answered. He didn’t even wait to see if she'd been disappointed, immediately turning back to the spot where Sherlock had been standing perfectly still.
twice. John crawled up Sherlock’s long body once more and captured those perfect rosy lips, still marveling at the fact that he was finally allowed to. His opened pliantly beneath him, tongue much more confidently exploring inside his mouth, tasting every inch of him and, no doubt, cataloguing everything.
“Of course!” Sherlock beamed, confidence returning with John’s enthusiasm. “I could use a second opinion… Do you want to come?”.
They were led to a round table on the edge of the balcony on the second floor that overlooked the bottom level, decorated with a velvet red candle and a tasteful bouquet of lilies. All around them were small groups of friends and couples enjoying each other’s company. The floors were red and black checkered squares and above them, a golden chandelier hung high into the sunken beige ceiling. The shape brought the artist’s mind back to the dome on the fifth floor and his heart warmed.
“So gorgeous” John murmured. Sherlock looked down, he did his best not to close his eyes despite the tugging need to be consumed in the pleasure. John’s eyes looked black, helplessly aroused and clearly enjoying the view of a disheveled Sherlock above him. Cocky bastard.
and feeling happy warmth fluttering in his stomach as John’s hands stroked down his back and back up. “But that was in fact,
“We are! But... I dunno. How well can a friendship be when there are… unfinished things. Or unspoken things.”
John grinned, clearly not noticing Sherlock’s dilemma and lighting up at Sherlock’s question “It’s feeling great. Thanks so much for getting Angelo to bring my cane back, I forgot to thank you a couple of days ago last class”
The boy looked up at the enchanted ceiling, smiling in amazement as the soft rain that dripped steadily from the enchanted ceiling above stopped just short of his head and magically disappeared into nothingness. The candles glowed around his head as he followed the corridor behind his colleagues, hearing nothing but the flickering of their flames as he tuned out everyone in the room. Reaching up he tucked a stubborn curl behind his ear.
“It was... not what I expected it to be. I pictured a few years to get my medical degree and to return back home. But…to be honest with you…” he looked back at the stars above them, remembering watching the same stars back in the hot desert. “I stayed because I felt needed. When I got shot I let my people down... So many men I could’ve saved. But I just wasn’t paying enough attention” he shook his head.
“3 times a day!?” That was just scandalous. How could anyone eat more than once every few days? “John! N-“
It was a relief, however, walking into the warmth of the castle entrance and they both sighed in pleasure. John turned to Sherlock as the latter was pulling off his light blue robes, darkened with the cold rain and dripping steadily onto the marble floor. Hitherto, John hadn’t seen the Beauxbatons uniform without the outer robe. Now he could see Sherlock was wearing tight blue pants and a matching dress shirt. Over the dress shirt, he was wearing a tight vest of a slightly darker colour engraved with the Beauxbatons symbol and a dark tie. The water had soaked through the material of the robes and onto his shirt and vest and they both clung skin tight to Sherlock’s chest, accentuating his abdomen and collarbones. John could stop staring at those. Not to mention the few raindrops that were rolling down Sherlock’s pale neck and onto the hollow of his throat.
this took long to write so I apologize for the delay <3<3<3 I hope this chapter satisfies those worried about the ending of the last one haha those silly boys <3<3
John had smiled softly, marveling at the sight of a bemused, sleepy Sherlock trying his best to finish the new painting of him. He’d felt a rush of fondness, of want, of adoration that instead of a greeting or a gentle request to come back into bed to sleep he just murmured the words he’d wanted to for months, for the very first time.
“Yeth.” Sherlock agreed. “You should come over for the last week before you have to go back to muggle school” he smiled at John as the latter answered him with a surprised but delighted grin that for some reason made Sherlock’s insides feel warmer.
He stood in front of the store, encouraged that Sherlock’s presence just a foot away from him and feeling his familiar warmth radiate into his side. They stared at the entrance of the small dark brown shop much longer than necessary before the chill of the approaching night sunk into their robes. Gladstone hooted his displeasure at the cool air’s chill.
John felt his cheeks grow hot in slight embarrassment at being caught out but he could see Sherlock’s lovely blush spreading to so he just grinned. “Yup… told you I wasn’t just hungry for food” he winked.
This seemed to please the Beauxbatons as he returned to squeeze with his own fingers. “Yeah... I guess it’s still pretty new and… exciting”. He ducked his head again, shyly looking at his feet insistently.
“I’m clean” Sherlock assured him “And I know you are too... I just thought... but, If you’d rather..”
The pose he was in currently required John to have perfect balance as he was leaning down and putting pressure on his knees and back. He was raising the sheet high above himself, one arm curved over his head and the other reaching for the sheet draped on his broad back. Sherlock could see the single bead of sweat that had formed on John’s tanned brow that was currently rolling onto his jaw and neck and had the sudden unexplainable urge to lick it off.
“Well... I have been.. uh…” He swallowed and looked away “I actually feel a lot better now John we should get going” Sherlock spluttered, quickly jumping to his feet and half-running towards the exit, not looking back or giving any sign of intending for the Gryffindor to catch up with him, something he usually did whenever he ran off to an experiment or case.
“You and your damn stork legs,” John muttered under his breath whilst trying to keep himself upright, figuring that actual skating was second priority to NOT falling over. But that approach wasn’t working all that well if he was being honest with himself.
, she had left them to get dressed and waited for them in Sherlock’s kitchen with a newly made batch of tea and biscuits (now for the both of them). She had proceeded to swoon over how perfect John was for her Sherlock and how wonderful it was that they’d met, pinching the artist’s cheeks and ignoring his murderous glares. John had instantly grown incredibly fond of her.
In the darkness, Sherlock couldn’t see much past John’s golden hair and the silhouette of his figure walking in front of him. It had been his suggestion to run back to his own flat, knowing that John lived far away and needing to get away from the cold after chasing down the killer down several streets.
John turned quickly, startled. Sherlock was suddenly walking beside him, nose still buried in his book. “What do you say that?” asked John, grinning.
“Yeah” he whispered, his voice struggling to climb out of his throat as it clogged with too many emotions. “We- yeah…  we're boyfriends”.
“Wait wait wait. How did you know he was innocent? And how were you even in contact with the police?”
John nodded “I know what you mean. I thought life after school would be brilliant. Then when I realized I couldn’t pay for med school, army doctor just made sense to me. I never even thought about the real chance that I could get hurt.” He shrugged “guess everything happens for a reason, though.”
They entered the class in silence and took their usual seats at the back of the class, John pointedly not looking at Sherlock.
“Yeah! Absolutely!” John exclaimed, and Sherlock subtly breathed in in relief. “But only if you have breakfast tomorrow”, he added.
Rolling his eyes, John smirked begrudgingly and swerved away on his broom. Quidditch practice had been going on for at least a couple hours, and although he was giving his team a hard time he rather thought they were doing pretty well. The match against Beauxbatons was tomorrow and they absolutely had to be prepared. He wouldn’t dare lose against them after the teasing he’d given Sherlock last Friday.
Anderson for example, would clearly not pass if he kept up this rate. Sherlock knew, of course, he had only taken the class to warm up to Sally, judging by the fact that he always chose the easel next to hers and even in the dead silence of the room when they drew the model he would always be either whispering comments or flirty attempts at jokes at Sally over his shoulder. Not to mention he kept messing up his drawings because he was busy staring at her neck and behind instead of staring at the model. What bothered Sherlock most about this was not just the fact that Anderson clearly had a girlfriend he planned on cheating on with Sally, or the fact that he was interrupting his classes.. but the fact that Sally was ACTUALLY falling for it. For ANDERSON! Sherlock could not possibly understand the college students of today. Not that he really understood them anyway when he was in college 2 years ago.
Well this took way longer than I said it would hahaa Im so sorry-- work has been a little overbearing, hopefully itll get better soon
That stopped him in his tracks. He instantly thought of Irene and how Sherlock must have been overwhelmed by her smell coming from the potion. "Yeah…" Thought John "He must be."
“Boys. As much as I’d love to let you snog and grope, you’re kind of blocking the hallway? Are either of you planning on buying anything? Because if not…”
They read in comfortable silence for a while. Well, John tried his hardest to read, willing himself not to be distracted by Sherlock’s profile against the afternoon sun. Every once in a while a dry leaf would flutter down from the highest branches and get stuck in the Beauxbaton’s unruly curls and John would have to physically restrain himself from picking out the orange intruder from the soft fluffy locks. It reminded him of that day so many years ago when he’d been twisting purple blooms into his friend’s hair the day he’d gotten magic. How very easy everything had seemed back then. He hadn’t even overthought the implications of anything he ever did around Sherlock. How could he? When they’d been so young and had nothing but trust and affection was between them. Now they were grown up and John… was unsure. He feared over these boundaries the years apart and their age and societal rules had suddenly built between them. He frowned, staring at one of the most offensive leaves in his friend’s hair. It was pointy and long and just short of brushing his pale neck and heck if John didn’t want to curl his fingers in Sherlock’s nape and scoop it out.
Sherlock tried his best to haul him up but his sudden stop had also made him lose focus and disrupted his balance. “Shitshitshit!”. He toppled towards John uncontrollably and watched in slow motion as his friend’s eyes widened in shock as they both slid forcefully on the ice and tumbled in a pile of limbs onto the icy hard ground.
On one memorable occasion, Sherlock had been in the middle of explaining a complex experiment to do with the different kinds of soil he had collected when John set one off too close. Sherlock in a panic had jumped onto John which had started him and set another one off. One of the locks on Sherlock’s hair had instantly caught on fire and doing the first thing he could think of John had pushed him onto the lake in panic.
