He gently tugged and lightly squeezed his balls while licking Dean’s cock from base to tip, before he wrapped one hand around the shaft and with a flick of his tongue cleared away the pre-cum that had started to dribble out. And each time more and more pre-cum was seeping out, Castiel flicked it away with his tongue, making Dean moan every single time.
“I… eh…” Castiel said shyly and stopped mid-action, unsure of what to do next. Then he straightened up and walked over to the bed. He put his left foot between Dean’s thighs and asked, “Dean, could you… uh…”
“Well, it was supposed to be a surprise and I didn’t want to spoil it. I wanted to make something special for you and also hurry up the process of us getting a room where we can celebrate our reunion.”
Dean laughed, “Oh yes, of course, the shoes. How could I forget? They made your already perky, perfect little ass look even more perfect.” They both laughed. “No, but seriously, Cas. I know your sister Anna, and I know that although she looks absolutely stunning and seems really nice, she has quite a temper when something doesn’t happen the way she wants it. And I can only imagine what would happen if something is amiss with this skirt when you return it.”
But Castiel didn’t get the chance to ask any questions out loud as he suddenly felt Dean’s hand lifting the panties around his butt area and heard the fabric being cut open. “E voila,” Dean said with a bright smile, and put away the pocketknife. “Now everything is perfect.” And without any moment of hesitation, he quickly lifted Castiel’s ass up and through the hole in the panties he buried himself deep inside Castiel’s wet, hot orifice.
Dean stepped closer to Castiel again, turned him around so he was facing him now, and forced both his hands back on the car. “So you think,” Dean put one hand back on Castiel’s dick and the other one on the car for balance, “that I shouldn’t have stopped?” Dean asked while slowly beginning to stroke Castiel again.
And in point of fact, after one final fuck in the shower, both of them were out of the room within the next 40 Minutes. And after a rather light breakfast, Castiel paid the motel bill while Dean disappeared for 10 minutes. When Dean came back he had a small shopping bag in his hand, which he quickly stuffed into his duffle in the leg area behind Castiel’s seat.
His train of thoughts got interrupted when Castiel moved away from a particular spot on his neck and over to his ear to whisper, “Now you are marked up, too! Now everybody will now that you are mine.”
“You bet.” Dean said with a wide grin on his face and hopped into the Jacuzzi. “Mmm… this feels amazing!” Dean said, and closed his eyes for second, leaning against the edge, enjoying the light water massage.
“I started putting kisses all over her body and every time some clothing got in the way, I removed it and replaced that area with soft touches and kisses, right up until she was completely naked.”
“Dean, I…” Castiel began to protest but couldn’t finish as Dean pulled him in for another kiss and by holding on to Cas’ ass slowly shoved him backwards until Castiel was pressed against the car.
When Castiel started to get up and move closer to Dean, so he could touch and kiss him, Dean pushed him back down on the bed again. “No, no, no, Cas.” Dean scolded and wiggled a finger at him. “You have to have patience. Lie down and just enjoy. Or do I have to tie you to the bedposts first so you can’t move? I’d rather not, not yet anyway, but if you can’t behave I’d probably have to.”
Dean whistled appreciatively. “Wow. Looks like you are full of surprises this time my little, cute, Castiel.”
Cas definitely had to find a way to reward Dean for his admirable willpower to not give in into temptation. And knowing he would have the upcoming two weeks to take Dean not only in all possible ways imaginable but also in front of some of the most beautiful hidden gems of nature, heightened his mood even more. He smiled, took a deep breath, and kissed Dean enthusiastically and full of anticipation of all the things yet to come.
“And I know many ways to make it even better,” Castiel muttered, switching on some music on his cellphone that was docked into a music speaker system, and holding two glasses of champagne in front of his face. Dean opened his eyes, smiled, and took one of the glasses.
A couple of minutes later Dean walked in again. “Stubborn little fallen angel-butt!” Dean murmured. Ever since he had fallen, Cas had trouble coping with the fact that he was no longer an angel, but a full-on human now, which included all the ups and unfortunate downs that come with it, meaning Cas had been sick for the past several weeks now. First he had a rather nasty stomach bug and then, as soon as he got a little bit better, he caught a very persistent cold.
Dean’s grip got tighter, his movements a bit faster. “See his wonderful big cock? It’s nice, but I’d much rather have you enjoy his very talented mouth. First, I want you to go over and wear out his jaw on your cock. Once you’ve come, I’m going to join you two. And while you are free to bite, lick, and suck on his neck as well as kiss him as much as you like, I’d like you to prepare him for me.
Castiel just nodded, and while Dean calmed himself down a bit, and lay the camera on a nearby table on his right hand side, being careful to place it in a way that still captured everything happening on the bed, Castiel made use of the small break to quickly drop into the bathroom to wash out his mouth.
“That’s what I told her, so I made her tell me all the things she wanted to do to us or rather with us, and while she told me-“
Castiel was glad that they had, already very early in their relationship, established certain codes for their sex-life, and he therefore now could just completely let loose, and so he started pushing relentlessly into Dean’s mouth. Given the wonderful sensation around his dick and the complete submission on Dean’s side, it didn’t take Castiel long till he toppled over the edge and came in long spurts down Dean’s throat.
“Do I like it? Are you kidding? From the moment I saw you leaning against my car, I already imagined to bend you over the hood and take you nice and hard; but now that I know it’s you, I’m even more impatient to finally fuck you completely senseless.” Dean said as he let his hands wander down Castiel’s sides and over his ass, massaging his cheeks in a circular manner.
Castiel didn’t have to say more, Dean was so familiar with all of Castiel’s mannerisms and after all, he’d had a similar treatment this morning and therefore knew how good it currently must feel for Castiel to have his mouth around his dick. He therefore didn’t wait for Castiel to ask his question but instead immediately let his whole mouth go loose, dropped his hands from Castiel’s hips and crossed them behind his back, indicating that Castiel was free to do anything he wanted with him.
When the moment came, they parted from each other with a heavy heart, sadness and excruciating pain seeping through every cell over Castiel’s body, making it almost impossible for him to leave Dean.
Dean sat in the entrance hall, waiting for Castiel’s flight to leave, when he suddenly heard a voice calling, “Dean? Dean Winchester? Is that you?”
“Only if you promise to keep looking into the mirror, Cas. Can you do that for me?” Dean asked as he continued moving his fingers in and out Castiel, brushing repeatedly over his prostate.
“Oh, uhm,” Cas began to answer while quickly joining Dean in the bathroom, “well, I ‘borrowed’ it from Anna and as she has no idea that I have it, I intend to return it without a single stain on it.”
“I’d never dare to do that, especially as this time,” Castiel now held the camera beside them on eye level while keeping his eyes firmly fixed on Dean’s, “I want to fuck you.” Castiel said seductively.
Dean pulled off Castiel’s dick and quickly coated his own one with lube before he pulled Castiel’s legs over his shoulders and took a last glance into Castiel’s pleading eyes before he slid right into him. He gave Castiel a second to adjust before he slowly bottomed out, only to move in again seconds later.
When they had to stop at the outer gates of the festival area, Dean revved the engine, which only intensified the vibrations of the balls. Castiel moaned and hoped their motorcycle tour wouldn’t take too long.
“Oh you are all so unthankful and no fun at all!” Gabriel said sulky. “You know, Dean, knowing you are afraid of plane rides, and me being the most awesome big brother one can have, I wanted to offer you and Castiel a free ride with the angel-express and simply zap you to Europe, but now seeing how ungrateful you are, I will not.” And with these words he simply disappeared again.
Castiel slowly started rocking his hips back and forth, moving in and out of Dean, giving Dean the opportunity to get used to the intrusion, while he himself enjoyed the power he now had over his lover. And when he realized that Dean was far too gone for being able to operate the camera properly, he took it out of Dean’s hand and into his own one.
“That’s the second part of my surprise,” Dean said before giving Castiel a small peck on the lips, leaving Castiel flabbergasted and completely stunned for a moment. Meanwhile, Dean took the keys and two helmets from the owner. When Castiel came around again, he saw that Dean was already sitting on the bike, wearing one of the helmets while holding the other one out to him, only waiting for Castiel to join him on the motorcycle.
When they finally broke apart, Castiel only whispered three words, “Thank you, Dean,” before he kissed him once more. And when their touches and kisses became more heated again, the two of them got out of the Jacuzzi, switched it off along with the music, blew out all the candles, and walked towards their bathroom and into the shower.
He filmed Dean panting, moaning, and cursing beneath him for a while, before he finally let the camera move very slowly downwards Dean’s body. “Baby, you have no idea how hot you look right now,” away from Dean’s face, “your desperation makes you so beautiful,” along his upper body, “and the way your nipples are erect from arousal,” down to Dean jerking himself off and slowly brushing it away. “No, no, no, my dear. You don’t get to touch yourself. I want you to come on my cock or not at all.”
Now it was Castiel’s turn to smirk knowingly, feeling proud that there actually was something Dean, the ultimate know-it-all sex-god, didn’t know and he, Castiel, was able to teach him instead of the usual other way around. “Okay, how about you tell me what you bought, and afterwards I’m going to tell you who taught me that trick and where, deal?” Castiel asked.
And unlike so many times during their vacation, Dean once again, like in their first night together some days ago, didn’t rush the act but took his time, enjoying the admittedly nice lightning, the constant almost wave-like thrusting into his lover, and the continual soft moaning of Castiel. It almost felt like a lulling of Castiel to sleep, and Dean enjoyed every single second of it, thinking to himself that this indeed was just the perfect way to end their mutual nights together.
Dean immediately looked up and at the person who was calling him. It was Tara Benchley, a former classmate of Dean’s who was now a more or less successful actress. After they waited together until Castiel’s plane left, meanwhile talking about Tara’s amateur career and Dean describing elaborately his and Castiel’s vacation until then, they both went to Tara’s home where Tara tried to cheer Dean up with a little round of pity sex, which Dean of course enjoyed wholeheartedly.
Castiel opened the box and was a bit surprised when beside a bottle of lube he also found some anal vibro balls in it. “Dean, wha-?” Castiel didn’t finish his answer as Dean now also pulled Castiel’s –cheap- skirt and a pair of panties out of the backpack he had brought with him, leaving him completely speechless.
“No, Dean. It’s okay I can behave. I won’t move, I promise. It’s just… please… I missed you so much and I need you. I need you so bad!” Castiel said as he lay down flat on the bed again, admiring Dean’s body.
Dean smiled and slowly turned around as the other man dropped both his hands and crossed them behind his back, mirroring Dean’s previous pose. Dean had a million stupid comeback sentences on his lips, but instead of uttering either of them, he just leaned forward and gave Castiel a deep-felt kiss, feeling happy that he had found someone so wonderful in his life.
Dean leaned on Castiel for a moment, not doing anything else, just enjoying the afterglow before letting go of Castiel’s –still hard- cock and easing out of him. Dean quickly wiped away all evidence of his release, both on Castiel and himself, before he zipped up his pants and began walking towards the driver’s side of the car.
Castiel moaned, enjoying the sudden pleasurable intrusion and the way that although Dean had made a cut into the panties and was now in him it had only been a small cut and he therefore still felt the tight fabric all around his dick and balls.
Castiel’s groans were muffled as Dean kissed him perfervidly. The thrusts of Dean’s tongue in his mouth made Castiel only greedy, greedy for a different kind of thrust into another much tighter but similar warm orifice of his body. Their tongues were like two swords in a fight, tangling and intertwining in a constant state of desire and lust, trying to prevail.
Castiel examined the short piece of cloth he was now holding in his hands. It was a skirt, very similar to the one he had been wearing, but this one was clearly a much cheaper, sluttier version… not only in price, but also much more evidently in quality.
Dean’s pulse quickened, and while still being completely lost in Castiel’s eyes, he stuttered in a husky voice, “Y-yyyes.” And Castiel smiled.
Castiel grinned and just as he was opening his mouth to say something, Dean pressed their mouths together again, before he pulled away and whispered into Castiel’s ear, “But that’s ok. It’s the reason I love you so much. You are the yin to my yang, you always balance me out, and I wouldn’t want it to be any other way, I wouldn’t want
Dean grabbed Castiel and hauled him in for a long hug. “You know, actually I really don’t care, I’m just unbelievably happy that you are finally here.” Dean said, overjoyed. “Why didn’t you call me or at least text me? I’d have come earlier if you had told me; in fact, I actually was early.”
After a short while, Donnie could feel Dean pulse inside him when he emptied himself into the condom, and it only took a few more strokes over his own dick, and Donnie too felt completely blissed out. After Dean got rid of the condom, he gave Donnie one last kiss before he took Castiel’s hand and dragged him into one of the shower cabinets at the opposite wall. Donnie meanwhile gave his –now soft- member one last soaping and rinsing before he headed out of the shower room and towards the dancing hall.
Dean put gentle kisses all over Castiel's face while at the same time caressed his neck with his fingertips, softly brushing over Castiel’s weak spot before letting them wander further down his lover's body. And as his hands began to wander, so did Dean’s lips. He nuzzled on Castiel’s neck and once he found a nice spot he slowly started sucking on the skin, eager to leave Castiel marked up as his.
“Yeah, it definitely is a surprise. And what a nice one, too!” Dean whistled appreciatively as he looked up and down Castiel’s body. “But Cas… I really don’t think I can wait,” Dean said as he leaned closer and breathed aroused into Cas’ ear, “it has been far too long. I just have to have you. And I have to have you
Dean had been turned on from the second he had started to prepare Castiel for his little surprise, and once they were on the road it was almost unbearable for him to restrain himself from coming on the bike, too. But now, as soon as he turned on the engine, he just couldn’t and didn’t want to wait any longer and so when Castiel came underneath him, he just let go too and came with a long and happy cry of Castiel’s name on his lips, emptying himself inside his boyfriend until even the last bit of his release was squeezed out of him by the convulsions of Castiel’s ass.
Dean reached for the soap and began soaping himself before he did the same with Castiel, enjoying the thought of getting them both washed up just so they could devour each other’s bodies again as soon as they were able to.
“Shut up and just tell me one thing.” Dean said, panting as he broke away from the kiss, kneeled in front of Castiel, shoved down his boxer shorts impatiently and took in the sight of Castiel’s half hard cock. “How did you do it? What did you use to-“
“Yeah, I somehow already anticipated that although I took care of myself in the bathroom earlier that that would only be a temporary solution. I knew once I saw you again, I’d just want to pin you to the next best wall and screw you right through it." Dean said as he moved his hands further up Castiel’s legs again until he reached under the skirt and touched the panties Castiel was wearing. “My, my, my… what have we here?” Dean asked with a smirk, staring directly into Castiel’s ocean blue eyes.
The both of them hurried back to their motel as fast as they could. Once they’d reached their room, Dean hadn’t even had enough time to close the door and lock it before Castiel was already completely stripped down to his boxers and was pinning him against the door, kissing him passionately while at the same time fumbling with the belt and zipper of Dean’s pants.
Of course this didn’t last long once he and April hooked up, but it still lasted much longer than any of his brothers would have lasted in the same situation. They even made bets how long it would take Cas to finally get his cherry plucked, and of course it was Balthazar who won the bet, as he was the lucky one who won on how long it would take Castiel to lose his Turkish delight.
“No, Cas, there are no buts! Do as I say and don’t even think about talking back! You’re not an angel anymore and when you get sick you can’t just ignore it and hope it will get away on its own!” Cas snuffled and tried to speak, but before he was able to reply to Dean in any given way, he sneezed again and had to use his last tissue to wipe his nose. Annoyed, Dean shook his head, stepped one step closer to Cas, crossed his arms in front of his chest, and said, “are you going back to your bed on your own or do I have to shove you back into it?” His angry glare was met with tired and red swollen eyes looking up at him.
Dean pushed the skirt up a little higher and after helping Castiel out of the panties, he spread Castiel’s legs a bit wider, before he poured some lube on his fingers and slowly started to press one in. Castiel moaned and bit his lip, trying to suppress the sound.
Dean squeezed more lube into his palm and stroked himself a few times before he aligned his cock with Castiel’s ass, “Cas, you ready?” Dean asked, but instead of an answer Castiel just looked over his shoulder, and pushed back, impaling himself perfectly on Dean’s cock. Dean let out a groan, overwhelmed by the wonderful feeling of being buried deep down in Castiel’s tight little ass.
“Ok, enough is enough! I’m not going to have any more of this! Cas, you are human now and you are sick! And I’m not going to let you spread your germs all over the place - especially not in the kitchen! We all have to be fit for our trip to Europe, so leave your notebook on the kitchen table and go back to your bed!”
Dean and he sometimes even exchanged stories about some of their best fucks and used it as an incentive to get each other aroused when they had phone or video chat sex. Dean… he really loved him. And he was so thankful to him for all the things he did just to help him forget his cheating girlfriend. Before he met Dean, he had never even thought about the possibility that he could like guys, too. But then, thanks to his brother Gabriel, he finally met the one guy that turned his life upside down and showed him a completely different perspective on life.
This was about the fact that he was finally reunited with his boyfriend again, the one person that truly accepted him the way he was, with all his flaws. This was about the fact that he had actually found someone who was able to look beside his facade and see the real Dean, the one that literally did everything for the people he loved. The real Dean, who was compassionate and sensitive and who cared for the other sexual partner’s satisfaction just as much as for his own.
The next morning Dean and Castiel woke up very early, or rather, Castiel woke up very early. Due to jetlag and his excitement to be reunited with Dean again, Castiel was wide-awake and enjoyed the feeling of currently being hugged by his beloved in his sleep. He felt like the happiest person in the world and wished that moment would never end. And when Dean involuntarily rolled on his back and therefore gave Castiel’s body free, Castiel leaned on his elbow to watch Dean sleep.
But not wanting to be cruel either, Castiel kept the camera rolling for just a few more minutes, enjoying the sight that was now not only burned as memory into his brain, but more so captured on tape for hopefully a very long time, before he finally complied.
“While what, honey? Tell me.” Dean asked, licking away the precome from the tip of Castiel’s cock and the hot skin beneath it.
“Yes?” The person asked with a raised eyebrow before stepping even closer until standing so close to Dean that they could practically kiss. “I’m pretty sure you would enjoy making
He dragged Castiel towards the sofa that stood near the Jacuzzi and sat down, leaning against the back, having Castiel straddle his thighs. He grabbed the lube and after he whispered, “Just hold on to the back of the sofa, ok?” to Castiel, he quickly poured lube into his hands, and while he wrapped one hand around both their cocks and started stroking them in tandem, he used the other one, or rather its lubed fingers, to first just brush against Castiel’s entrance before ultimately penetrating him repeatedly with several of them.
When Castiel finally opened his eyes, he could see a smirk curving Dean’s lips. “So how was that for punishment, my dear Castiela? You still think I was unfair?”
Castiel and Dean had been on the road for quite a while when curiosity got the better of Castiel and he finally asked, “Ok, Dean. I didn’t ask, because I didn’t want to prolong our stay even further, but seeing that we are now even ahead of our schedule, tell me, what did you buy? What is in the shopping bag?”
“Just hold on for a second,” Dean said, and reached for the camera. “Now, where were we?” Dean asked with a wide lusty grin on his face while holding the camera focused on Castiel.
As it turned out, Castiel’s motel was really just a short ride away; Castiel had used the bus when he had travelled back to the airport earlier that day. They both laughed about the fact that apparently Castiel got even hit on by several guys who were absolutely convinced of him being a very attractive woman.
“I know, I love you too, Babe.” Castiel moaned as he felt that he was near the edge to blissfulness. “Please…. ah… please, don’t stop. I’m almost there!”
Castiel, still very confused, looked a couple of times between the box in his hand and the skirt in Dean’s before he finally looked up to Dean’s face again, now completely lost. “Dean, I’m afraid I don’t understand.”
“Cas, I think it’s better if we get into the car and drive to your motel room now. At least then we won’t have to worry about scarring some kids for life.” Dean said with a wink, walked towards the driver’s side of the car, and got in.
Dean sighed, got up, and walked into the bathroom. There he saw that the skirt Castiel had been wearing the day before, was now hanging in the shower. “Cas?” Dean yelled into the bedroom. “Cas, why is your skirt hanging in the shower?”
Dean just grinned. “You know, I’m much more interested to know where you learned that little trick with the mints?!”
But before Castiel could either say or do anything about the utter pleasure he now felt renewing the heat of lust within his body, Dean had already put Castiel’s arms around his waist and was driving them away from the parking lot.
“More thrilling?” Castiel thought, still panicked. How could THIS situation even become more thrilling? He had been wearing a very short skirt for quite some time now, and until a couple of minutes ago he’d also had vibrating anal balls inside his body, and on top of all that they had been driving on one hell of a big and powerful motorcycle, whose strong engines only intensified the vibrations Castiel felt due to Dean’s present, what in the world could ever top
When they finally managed to find the Impala, Dean grabbed all their bags from the backseat, then opened the trunk, took the rest, gave some to Donnie and asked, “So, Donnie, tell me what do you do for a living?”
“No, but kissing is for princesses in fairy tales. I much more enjoy waking you up in the proper fashion for princess.” Cas said with a wink.
“Gabriel, you winged dick! You come down here, this very instant or I swear I will hunt you down and kill you!” Dean said, fuming with rage.
Castiel grinned widely. “So… I guess then it’s ok if I just leave you now? I mean, if you say your imagination is already sated with-“ Castiel didn’t get to finish his sentence as Dean hauled him in for another deep kiss and shoved him against the large mirror on the wall.
Castiel went into the bathroom, tossed the clothes on the floor with his panties on top of the pile and was just about to step into the shower when he took a final look into the mirror right above the sink. He smiled when he realized how absolutely ridiculous he looked with his messy hair. After he removed the light make-up he was wearing and washed away the dried cum around his dick, he looked into the mirror again and his mind began to wander.
But this was definitely not a bad alteration to his original plan. After all, the only thing that really mattered was that he was with his beloved Castiel, and that Castiel was happy because that made him, Dean, very happy, and even if he would never admit it, he loved the whole scenery in front of him. And the expression of pride on Castiel’s face because he had succeeded to orchestrate this seductive and overly romantic surprise was just an added bonus.
Admittedly, he loved a good quick fuck just like the next guy and there sure was nothing wrong with that. It’s nice and serves its purpose, but this was different. He didn’t just want to fuck Castiel so he could get off, like he did in the shower. He wanted to show Castiel how much he loved and appreciated him; he wanted to –as cliché as it might sounded- make love to him. He wanted to feel the wonderful heat of Castiel’s body around his dick and at the same time be able to look into his lover’s eyes.
“Yes, Dean? Something you want there?” Castiel asked, still putting kisses on Dean’s neck and behind his ear while increasing the intensity of his strokes over Dean’s dick.
“Yeah, I feel the same way. But hey, at least you filmed a lot with that camera of yours so you won’t forget this awesome trip we took. And you know, come to think about it - you said you still got plenty of tape left, right?”
“And eh… about the things you said earlier…um… ditto! I really enjoyed this whole trip with you, too. And I feel more than humbled that you actually still want to be with me, notwithstanding all my flaws and the circumstance that there are so many miles, even a whole ocean, between us.”
When Dean and Donnie finally got out of the castle, they passed the registration line, and Dean felt happy that, although he and Cas had arrived a bit late, they hadn’t arrived at this hour because the actual registration line was now thrice the length it had been when they had arrived.
“I know, Dean. But let’s pretend this is just another morning during our vacation and I don’t have to leave you,” Castiel said, kissing Dean’s skin. “Let’s just pretend we are going to stay in this wonderful hotel room,” Castiel moved a little lower, still kissing Dean in-between words, “for as long as we want, and there’s nothing,” a gentle lick over Dean’s nipple, “absolutely nothing,” another lick and a moan from Dean, “that could ever make us leave,” Castiel said, now letting his hand stroke over Dean’s half-hardened cock.
And while Dean was still absorbed in his thoughts, Castiel woke up, and put a light kiss on Dean’s cheek. “Good morning, Dean.”
He just couldn’t decide whether he wanted to give Castiel a hand job or park somewhere, anywhere in the current surrounding wasteland, to throw him on the rear bench seat and fuck him or even better, get out of the car, instantly bend him over the hood and fuck him nice and hard against it.
Castiel, though confused, didn’t ask any further questions but just got in the car too, feeling happy that their journey finally began.
“Dean, can’t you just turn around and take pictures of the sight in front of us? I’m sure there’s plenty of memorable photo worthy things to see.”
Dean’s eyes were wide open with surprise for a second before he raised an eyebrow, licked his slightly parted lips, and by exhaling hot breath against Castiel’s lips, he asked, “Oh yeah? You sure about that?” keeping their eyes still interlocked.
Because he wanted to make their last night together count Dean had booked a room in a 5-star hotel, which was more expensive than all the motel rooms they’d slept in during their journey put together. He wanted to express his gratitude to Castiel for getting the tickets, express his gratitude and happiness about having found such a wonderful lover, but most of all, he just wanted to make Castiel happy and see that precious little sparkle in Castiel’s eyes for one last time before he had to do without it for an unknown period of time.
The cleaning lady left and Dean looked at Castiel through the reflection of the mirror. Castiel’s cheeks were flushed and he looked down at his now no longer so hard cock and Dean’s hand wrapped around it.
Castiel opened his eyes again and looked at his boyfriend with a bright smile. He was just so unbelievably happy to have Dean with him right now and was more than eager and overjoyed that their limited time together had only just started.
But instead of sitting in the elevated Jacuzzi, Castiel was leaning on the railing, filming himself making a speech into the camera. “What are you doing, Cas?” Dean asked.
Castiel smiled, and after putting a light kiss on Dean’s lips, he leaned even closer to Dean, who was now massaging and “cleaning” his dick with soft strokes, “I think the real question is, what did you do with Donnie and what are your plans with him right here, right now?” Castiel whispered, trying to suppress the moans of pleasure as Dean’s wrap around his dick became much firmer.
“I wouldn’t dream of it.” Castiel said, and now began moving even more frantic, pumping even harder into Dean, brushing repeatedly over Dean’s prostate and still ignoring Dean’s cock that was aching for release.
“Well, you said we should make use of the fact that I still got plenty of tape left, so I thought I’d continue my little video-diary so I can remember this absolutely breathtaking hotel room.” Castiel said, smiling.
When Dean and Donnie passed the poolroom on their way up, they were not surprised to see that it was packed with people now, just as they weren’t surprised that upon entering their sleeping berth for the night Castiel and Amelia were missing.
Dean just smirked, moved Castiel under the water spray to rinse the shower gel from his body, before he pressed Castiel against his own one in a manner that enabled both of them to look at Donnie now. And after having poured some more shower gel onto his hand, he began stroking Castiel’s dick anew while continuing to whisper into his ear. “I’m going to tell you all about my little adventure later, but for now I want to tell you what I’m going to do with the two of you in the next couple of minutes.”
“You know, Donnie,” Dean said, putting all his and Donnie’s bags back into the trunk and instead reaching out for Donnie’s jeans, “I really enjoyed being sucked off by you and fuck you on the pool table, but I’m afraid, I have been a very bad winner.” Dean said, as he unzipped his jeans and let his hand slide inside Donnie’s boxers, stroking his length. “I haven’t even given you a consolation price.” Dean said with a smirk, before he kneeled down in front of Donnie and gave him just that.
Castiel knew of course that Europe was just as spooked and dangerous as any other part of the world, but for now his mind has blissfully decided to ignore this knowledge and allowed him to dream of a whole continent with several countries on it without any known supernatural creature in existence residing there. In his feverish dream he was happy… happy with the man he saved from perdition and with whose soul he had instantly fallen in love with… with the man he had spend so much time together and whom he knew inside out, literally, as he had put him together after hell – piece by piece… with, and for whom, he had fought so many fights, not only on earth but also in purgatory… the man who introduced him to the carnal pleasures not only women were able to provide to him… yes, he was happy and completely carefree, at least in his dreams.
Dean just smiled mischievously, helped Castiel to take his shirt off, before he wiped him clean with it, pulled up the panties, and fixed Castiel’s –luckily still clean- skirt. After that both of them walked back to their respective sides of the car, got in, and drove away.
“And the reason for you picking this skirt and not some other random one made from polyester or cotton is…?” Dean asked, confused, letting the question hang in the air, heavy with meaning.
Dean leaned away from Castiel, grabbed the lube he had brought with him, squeezed a generous amount on his hand, and started coating his dick and his fingers.
Castiel unbuckled his seat belt, leaned over to Dean, dropped his right hand to Dean’s right thigh, and whispered into his ear, “Thank you for the skirt. That was really very considerate of you. But tell me,” Castiel began to fondle Dean’s thigh over the jeans, “what on earth ever made you think I was little,” a slight brush over Dean’s locked-in cock, “or cute,” a brief nibble on Dean’s earlobe, “or in any given sort of way easy to intimidate?” Castiel said, while beginning to kiss and suck on Dean’s neck while simultaneously stroking Dean’s dick through the jeans fabric.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa, easy there, bro! I don’t want you to scar my little Sasquatch here for life!” Gabriel said.
“You know that’s really nice and all, but,” Dean said, eating the strawberry out of Castiel’s hand, taking both their glasses, and putting them on the edge of the Jacuzzi, “I much more prefer to eat you.” Dean said, pulling Castiel closer to him, and kissing him.
Dean just smiled and gladly accepted this pretense, enjoying the opportunity to indulge in carnal desire one last time, before they both got ready, and he drove Castiel to the nearby airport.
After he was done, Dean went back to the airport’s entrance hall, eagerly awaiting Castiel’s plane to arrive. When people finally kept coming out of the arrivals hall, Dean’s enthusiasm slowly began to diminish the longer Castiel was nowhere to be seen. Unsettled he started to look at his phone, hoping Castiel might have sent a message, but there was nothing. And when Dean tried to call Castiel, he realized that he actually didn’t have any reception in the hall.
As soon as they were in the room, Dean closed the door and locked it. Castiel smiled widely, thinking he knew what was now going to happen, but he didn’t expect Dean handing him a little red box.
Dean was relieved when he saw that Cas has apparently given up his "I’m so powerful and just as strong as you are Dean“-mannerism and finally gave in to staying in bed and taking all the medicine he needed to get well again. Over the next couple of days he brought Castiel all his meals directly to his bed, always accompanied by a pot of freshly-brewed tea and a small plate with his meds.
“Cas… Cas, I… aaah… Cas, I love you!” Dean cried out as he and Castiel both came at the same time; Dean filling Castiel up to the brim with his seed, reclaiming even the last bit of Castiel’s body as his, while Castiel, his dick still trapped between both of their bodies, coated both of their torsos with his thick white semen, making them stick together uncomfortably.
Castiel looked deep into his eyes and said in a passionate voice, “Yes, Dean. That was absolutely perfect and I just can’t wait for the next round, but now,” Castiel cleared his throat to give his voice a more serious tone, “please can we just take a shower and finally get on the road? Because I’m afraid, if we don’ leave this room within the next hour, we won’t leave it at all. And that would be a true pity considering how many miles we have to drive to be on time and most of all, considering just how much that festival means to you and the regret you’ll feel if you miss it.”
“Oh Cas, I want you… and I want you right here, right now!” Dean moaned into Castiel’s ear as he lifted him onto the hood of the car, stepped between his legs, and let his hands slowly slide up his exposed legs.
As the festival wasn’t going to start till the next day, there were still people arriving from all over the world, waiting to get registered and searching for a nice place to sleep. And those that already were registered either stayed outside and had a little pre-festival party around one of the many campfires with loads of food and drinks or they stayed inside the castle and made use of one of the many activities.
After having stopped a few times on their remaining journey, including another night in some crappy motel, Dean and Castiel finally arrived at the festival area, and thereby also the huge castle, around 9 p.m. After they both registered, Dean parked his car, and the two of them walked over to the huge gate of the castle, looking for a place where they could sleep.
When Dean arrived at the airport around noon, he was overjoyed to realize that he had actually succeeded in arriving much sooner then he thought he would.
Abruptly Dean and Cas ended their kiss and now both looked very angry at Gabriel, who not only had the nerve to magically pop in this very instant right beside them but was also wearing a huge sombrero on his head, holding a pink drink in his hand, including a cocktail umbrella and several fruits stuck into the glass, and was furthermore dressed up in very weird and colorful clothing indicating he had probably been on a wild party somewhere on a beach just a couple of seconds ago.
Castiel made a pitiful noise at the loss, which was quickly replaced by a moan, as he felt something pressed against and inside his entrance again, something other than Dean’s fingers.
Finally the day they left for Europe came. All their suitcases were already packed safe and sound into the trunk of Sam’s car and the only thing left for Dean and Cas was to check one last time that they really hadn’t forgotten to take anything with them before Sam would drive them to the airport.
Sam couldn’t help but notice Cas’ almost childlike anticipation, not only for his and Dean’s vacation, but also for him flying on an airplane for the very first time in his life. Of course Sam knew that Cas had probably flown more miles in his oh so long-lived life than all the Winchester men summed up driving in the Impala. But still it was downright adorable to see that something as simply as going on an airplane was such a huge reason for joy for Cas – even though Sam had warned him already very early in their planning process that Dean was anything but easy when it came to flying on an airplane.
“Yes, I like that very much.” Castiel said. “Please don’t stop. I want… fuck… I want mooore.” Castiel pleaded.
“But I still haven’t done the dishes and I’ve already missed my turn the whole week!” Castiel said, now definitely sounding weary and looking completely dead on his feet.
The reason for this was simple: only the biggest and best rock bands were invited to this event, instead of self-supply there was a constant replenishment of both, raw and freshly cooked food AND all sorts of alcohol, even some barkeepers were available if someone fancied a cocktail. And as for the sleeping accommodations: if someone really wanted to camp they could do it, but everyone else was free to look for a nice sleeping berth somewhere around the castle.
“As you wish, Cas.” Dean said and began to move faster now and thereby also increased the pace in which Castiel’s cock that was trapped between their bodies was being rubbed. Dean looked into his lover’s eyes and the beautiful sight of his pupils being dilated so much that he almost looked like he had black eyes spurred Dean on even more and made him realize just how much he cared for Castiel. Waves and waves of happiness and thankfulness for having found such a wonderful person washed over him.
Castiel had always believed in long-lasting relationships and he was always the first one to scold his brothers and sisters when they had one-night-stands. Balthazar even joked that Castiel was the only guy in their family who ever truly took their last name, Arkanđeo, literal, as he wasn’t just the only one without ever having any fleeting adventures here and there, but also who truly tried the whole ‘I’m not going to have sex until I’m married’-thing.
They both got talking with some of the other festival attendees. Especially a small group of five, apparently all very good friends, immediately peeked their interest. They all looked very attractive and both, Castiel and Dean, agreed that they really wouldn’t mind having sex with each and every one of them, maybe even with some of them simultaneously. This was also one of the reasons why they picked specifically that room to be their sleeping berth, at least for this night.
Dean didn’t need time to think about Castiel’s offer but followed him immediately. The both of them didn’t say a word during their whole shower, but simply enjoyed washing each other’s bodies thoroughly. Afterwards, they went back into their room, put on new boxer shorts and shirts, and crawled back into bed.
“Sure, but let’s get mine and Cas’ stuff first and then we can play. The night is approaching pretty quickly and I don’t have my flashlight with me to search for the Impala in total darkness.” Dean said, as he pulled his arm away and was about to walk on.
In the evening, Dean declared he had to take care of something in town and would have to leave Castiel alone for a while. Castiel just smiled, happy that he now had the perfect opportunity to prepare something nice for the both of them. Dean came back about 45 minutes later, and was immediately confused that the room was dark. But then he saw that the balcony was filled with tea candles, and that a few of them even extended into the hotel room.
“I can’t. I just missed that perky little ass of yours so much and I just can’t wait to bite it, touch it, grab it, and simply just feel it against my body all the time.” Dean said, while pressing Castiel against the wall in the staircase between the first and second floor, letting him feel how hard he still was.
“Oh fuck Cas, that… that feels so good… oh fuck, yes… yes…” Dean groaned and now let go of his right leg and instead began stroking his own dick, while still trying to keep the camera steady, trying to capture everything.
“Oh yeah? And I already feared you’d might have started our little special video project without me,” Dean said with a wide grin, before he leaned closer, put a light kiss on Castiel’s lips, and started rubbing over Castiel’s crotch.
Dean had tried to call Gabriel –actually several times by now- but that S.o.B. just didn’t show up. Not even Sam, who usually only had to think of candy and Gabriel was instantly sitting in his lap, licking on a lollipop, had any luck in calling him. Dean got even angrier with Gabriel when he saw Castiel lying half asleep in bed right in front of him, surrounded with an endless number of used tissues that were spread all out over the bed and floor, his breath wheezy and barely able to breath through his nose, and knowing Gabriel could heal him with just a simple touch.
“I’m sorry, but I thought you’d like to know that you left the keys in the door. I’ll just leave them on the table. Do you need anything?”
“Aaaaaaaah,” Castiel moaned, as Dean with one swift lick removed all the glistening precome that was pearling at the tip of his cock.
Dean had promised to reclaim his body with tender kisses, and he did. For what felt like several hours Dean did nothing but kiss every single inch of his skin until he felt like his lover’s name was imprinted all over him, making Dean’s claim over his body only more evident, confirming that he was his and his alone.
“I know.” Castiel purred into Dean’s ear, before he put soft kisses on his lips and neck. Castiel began moving lower to suck on his boyfriend’s nipples, his fingers meanwhile trailing softly over his arms and sides, caressing all of Dean’s upper body and arms they could reach. Castiel’s mouth now wandered even further down, moved over Dean’s abdomen, until he reached his lover’s cock. Then, he pressed Dean’s knees apart and knelt between them.
“Ah, bingo. I knew I remembered your weak spot correctly, even after all this time.” Dean said as he wrapped his right hand around Castiel’s dick and began stroking it. His body was shaking with lust and he already felt his orgasm starting to rush up on him when they both suddenly heard noises coming from the other room.
Of course they were going to return to Skype-sessions once they were separated again, but it just wasn’t the same. Although he would be able to see Castiel and talk to him during these sessions and also via phone, it was different. That precious sparkle Dean adored was too subtle and well hidden inside the oceans Castiel called his eyes to ever get transmitted via webcam.
“You are right, Dean. Yes, I am very impatient.” Castiel said, before he pushed Dean on the bed, his eyes gazing at Dean hungrily. “And I just can’t wait to finally devour your whole body on a proper bed again,” Castiel said, while Dean tried to position himself on it. Castiel followed quickly, hovering over him while straddling his waist.
“Now, where were we? Oh yes, right. I wanted to fuck you against the sink, so we can both watch each other’s expressions in the reflection of the mirror.” Dean said against Castiel’s neck as he started kissing him again.
“No, Cas. Don’t hide your face. I want you to see. Look in the mirror. Just look at you... you are so beautiful when you are fucking yourself against my fingers… when you are desperate for my cock. You enjoy this, don’t you?” Dean purred into Castiel’s ear.
Castiel just smirked and unperturbed moved the camera further down to focus on the small space where their bodies were united by Castiel’s cock constantly thrusting in and out of Dean. He enjoyed having this rare opportunity and he’d be damned if he didn’t make use of it by enjoying it for just a little bit longer.
“Shit!” he groaned when Dean’s trail of kisses and sucks on his neck had ended at his weak spot behind one of his ears. It was so unbelievably hot whenever Dean kissed that specific spot and Castiel immediately threw his head back and rested it on Dean’s shoulder, while his dick instantly began to show its appreciation.
But now? Now that Castiel had even put on panties, which by the way was so much better than his initial thought of having Castiel sit completely naked on the leather seat, which is nice in theory but actually can get really uncomfortable over time, he felt like a child who was gifted an entire candy shop and was now completely overwhelmed because he was spoilt for choices.
Frustrated he left the airport and walked towards his car; all the while trying to call Castiel, but unfortunately he didn’t succeed. When he finally arrived back at the Impala, he was surprised to see a sexy brunette leaning against it on the passenger’s side. As the person was turned away from Dean, he couldn’t see anything besides long brown hair, a short slim shirt, and the waistband of a very colorful skirt.
“Fuck Cas, I…. aaaaah…” Dean screamed, and with a loud groan he came messily, sputtering thick white ropes all over his chest, while his ass clenched around Castiel’s cock, making it brutally, impossibly tight for Castiel.
Feeling Dean filling him up and seeing the pleasure on Dean’s face as he did so, Castiel came only seconds later. They both remained still for a few moments, enjoying their shared afterglow before Dean slid out of Castiel and with a smile turned Castiel around to kiss him long and passionately.
“Hey Dean, how about you grab your second duffle from the car and then come and join me in the shower?” Castiel said, standing in the doorframe of the bathroom.
“Don’t worry, you can scream as much and as loud as you like. There’s no one around to hear you,” Dean said, as he worked his finger inside Castiel, easing out and pressing in again. A second finger followed much sooner than Castiel expected and might have anticipated, but he knew he had worked up Dean pretty good in the car, and actually, based on Dean’s reactions, he had almost even expected that Dean would fuck him raw.
“Sounds like the perfect plan, my angel.” Dean said. He let go of Castiel’s hands and took the skirt from them, putting it on a small cabinet beside the door. Gently, he lifted Castiel’s head up with one hand so he could look into his eyes and murmured, “I guess what I want to say is, thank you, Castiel. You’ve made me very happy with this surprise and I still feel like I’m dreaming that you are actually here, and…” Dean didn’t finish his sentence, but instead leaned over and gave Castiel a soft French kiss.
He just smiled, stripped down to his boxers, and followed the path of candles outside. There he was greeted not only by several dozen of lit candles and rose petals, but also the illuminated Jacuzzi with Cas sitting in it, champagne and a bowl with strawberries right beside him. “Surprise. Hope you like it.” Castiel said, a huge grin on his face.
Castiel took advantage of Dean’s confusion by swallowing down his entire cock in one fluid motion. The sensation Dean felt was overwhelming and almost made him come right on the spot. Dean’s eyes immediately fluttered shut and he bucked up, and his still not properly awoken brain went completely blank. Castiel didn’t give Dean any time to change that state, but instead immediately started bobbing his head up and down Dean’s length, his tongue sliding along the shaft. And so it didn’t take Dean long until he came long and hard down Castiel’s throat.
Castiel immediately smirked knowingly, and tried to hide it by walking over to his bags, sorting out everything he needed, including lube and some condoms, just in case.
Castiel felt the fire under his skin getting warmer and warmer, and his already rock-hard and way too long neglected dick demanded to finally receive some attention. Just as Castiel was about to touch it, Dean reached around Castiel’s waist and took it into his own lube slick hands.
“Oh, but I don’t want to take photos of that, or at least not yet, I want to make numerous pictures of you and make a book out of it, so I have the perfect collection of jerk-off material for the time when we are seperated again.”
“Of course we can.” Dean said, “Just keep your hands wrapped around my neck and your legs around my waist, alright?” Dean asked, and Castiel nodded. Dean moved a bit forward on the sofa so Castiel could wrap his legs around his waist, and then he walked back to the Jacuzzi, carrying Castiel with him.
“Oh Cas, you are really spoiling me here.” Dean breathed against Castiel’s lips as he let his right hand slip inside the pants, wrapped it loosely around his dick and gave it a few strokes before his thumb crested the head of his dick, smearing the precome along the shaft, and then began to stroke him in earnest.
Dean sighed. “You know, as much as I like you being the rational one, sometimes I truly hate you for being so matter-of-fact and practical about everything.” Dean said, frustrated, and moved slightly in the shower to turn on the water. Once the temperature was right, he stood right beneath the warm spray and just enjoyed it. Only seconds later, hands were wrapped around his hip, starting to caress his upper body, before one of them moved lower and over his again half-hardened cock, giving it some gentle strokes.
“No but really, tell me, did you like them?” Dean asked, purring the question into Castiel’s ear, before Castiel’s body happily swallowed up the next ball.
“Seriously Dean, it’s not that cold! You are way too dramatic. Now hand me a new pair of panties and the blanket that is stuffed into your backpack and let us sit down to enjoy the sunset properly.” Castiel commanded.
“Yeah, I get that, but why don’t you just toss it on the pile with the rest of our laundry, then we can wash it in a Laundromat at some point.”
Dean opened his mouth to say something when Castiel put his fingers on Dean’s lips. “Shh… You don’t have to say anything. If it was just a slip, just forget it. Same if you think it was a mistake, just pretend it never happened. Then I will simply enjoy the memory of you saying it and keep this memory like a treasure no one can take away from me. And in case you really did mean it, well… then you’ll have plenty of time to repeat it.” Castiel said with a smile before he put a kiss on Dean’s lips.
Ultimately Dean took the camera from the nightstand and held it at chest height to get a closer shot of Castiel sucking him off. Castiel was now steadily bobbing his head up and down Dean’s cock, one hand serving as extension of his mouth, while with his other one he was starting to jerk himself off.  “Ahhh… yeah… fuck that feels good,” Dean groaned, enjoying the view now twice as much as he knew that he could watch it afterwards on tape as often as he liked.
Smirking, Castiel quickly withdrew his fingers and grabbed the lube again, coating his dick this time. He sat back on his heels, grabbed Dean around the hip, pulled him closer and even up his own thighs a bit, spreading and elevating Dean’s legs by this means.
Dean was very thorough with his washing of Castiel’s body, so of course he spent some extra time and care to wash Castiel’s dick and backside. And it wasn’t of course Dean’s fault that Castiel got turned on again by this treatment, and therefore it of course also wasn’t Dean’s fault that once he started his, literally, in-depth cleaning of Castiel’s lower opening, Castiel’s reaction to it caused Dean to gladly assist in bringing Castiel yet another release.
“It’s just a pity that we can’t go on waking up like this. Your flight is in four hours.” Dean said, adjusting the duvet.
Maybe some lovebirds would find their way by car and once they saw Dean fucking Castiel, they would park a little farther away and turned on by the sight, they would use the incentive to get it going, too. Or maybe some nice girl would lose her way and accidentally end up at this clearing, and maybe she’d be interested to join them.
After a short while, Castiel began moving down Dean’s body again. And the farther down he wandered with his mouth, the more his lower body moved towards Dean’s face, until he finally, with some help of Dean, moved his right leg over Dean’s body, presenting Dean with his ass.
He could feel the smaller man’s mouth pressed against his ear, as he was cuddling him, “You know, I never said we didn’t have time for one last fuck in the shower.” Castiel whispered.
After a few precious seconds of savoring the afterglow, Castiel slowly eased out of Dean, and slumped on the bed beside him, still breathing heavily. Meanwhile, Dean wiped himself clean, grabbed the camera, and leaned over to Castiel, holding the camera above their heads, capturing both their faces.
Castiel was overwhelmed by the sensation he felt now, and judging from Dean’s facial expression and the erratic movements he made, he must have felt the same way. Castiel only had a second to think about the fact that after all he’s been through in the past few minutes, -hours? He had no idea; he had completely lost any track of time-, these panties were definitely going to end up in the trash, when his orgasm already ripped through his whole body, making his ass clench around Dean’s dick and spurting his cum once more inside the tight panties he was wearing.
The next day was filled with all kinds of excitement and new experiences. The festival had begun and both, Castiel and Dean, just indulged in the moment. They met a lot of new people, listened to some great bands, and just ate and drank without any restrictions. From time to time one of them disappeared, only to come back shortly afterwards with a completely blissed out look, or when the other one got curious, to be found in some dark corner, being sucked off or fucking some random person, enjoying the fact that the other one came to watch him getting off.
“Thank you for this wonderful and eventful vacation, and for all the wonderful surprises you have thought of. Thank you for your infectious enthusiasm that got me all aflutter just to get you a ticket for this event so I could see that wonderful sparkle in your eyes whenever you heard one of your favorite bands playing. Thank you for showing me once again that you not only have a wild and animalistic sexual side, but also a very gentle and caring one, too. But most of all, thank you for being such an amazing boyfriend with whom I can have so much fun and with whose help I can grow and become more self-confident and open for all kinds of new experiences.”
Castiel’s voice cracked, unsure whether he had gone too far, put too much effort into his surprise for just a ‘simple’ reunion with his lover. He still didn’t look up but instead played nervously around with the cloth in his hands when Dean’s hands unexpectedly enclosed his, asking in a very gentle, soft voice, “You truly did this just for me? Risked getting this expensive and absolutely beautiful skirt somehow damaged just to surprise me? Why? It would have completely sufficed if you had just been there when I arrived-”
“Oh no my sweet lady, I want you to keep both your hands where I can see them, both spread out on my baby, while I,” Dean started stroking Cas in tandem with his thrusts, “take my revenge on your body.”
saw her.” Dean said, letting his left hand now slide towards Castiel’s entrance, too. “So tell me, does she have nice boobs?” Dean asked, looking up as Castiel looked down, their eyes interlocking for a short second, before both saw Castiel’s cock twitching due to all the blood pumping through it.
Dean smiled and brushed once more over Castiel’s prostate with his fingers, eliciting in yet another moaned, “yeeees…. Please don’t stop!” from Castiel.
“And seeing you enjoying it is worth every penny!” Dean said, clinking their classes, and raised the glass to his lips.
Confused, Castiel let go of Dean’s cock and came up, looking directly into Dean’s emerald green eyes before asking, “Is everything alright, Dean? Why did you tell me to stop?”
After only a few seconds post coital bliss he felt Castiel’s hand roving over his upper body and neck until it rested under Dean’s head. Slowly Castiel pressed their heads together and whispered into Dean’s ear, “Are you aware that you just said ‘I love you’ for the very first time to me?” Dean’s eyes immediately snapped open in terror, but he relaxed once he heard Castiel continue, “and I just wanted to say ‘Thank you!’ I know these words aren’t something that cross your lips very easily or often and I feel proud and honored that you finally said them.”
“I just love to taste ever last bit of you, and it doesn’t matter whether it’s the taste of your wonderful mouth,” another short kiss on the lips, “or the taste of your sweet skin,” a soft sucking on the skin beneath Castiel’s ear, “or the wonderful salty taste of your cum,” some loose strokes over Castiel’s cock, “and lastly, I just love the taste whenever I rim you.” Dean said, as his strokes now became firmer while his other hand emphasized his last statement by rubbing gently over Castiel’s hole.
They enjoyed themselves thoroughly for quite a while by kissing, feeding, and touching each other and laughing with each other when Dean leaned over for another deep kiss. But when Dean didn’t want to break apart from him again, Castiel pushed him gently away, saying, “Hey, although I really love kissing your beautiful luscious lips, wouldn’t you rather gaze into the stars with me, hoping there might be a shooting star we could wish upon?”
Donnie moaned, “Don’t worry, I don’t need much prep, your lover has already taken care of that. You can-,” another moan left his mouth as Castiel immediately let his finger be joined by another one, scissoring him open with skilled quick movements. “Aaah, yeeees. That feels… that feels so good. Moooore.”
Looking straight into the emerald green eyes that were observing and studying him, Castiel answered, “You cou-uuuh-uld say that,” his voice spiked with a moan, relishing in the feeling of being stretched and filled up by a number of ever growing rubber balls.
Dean looked away from Castiel, his gaze following Sam until he was out of the door, before he looked at Castiel again. Castiel simply shrugged and both of them started laughing uncontrollably. Yes, they are definitely going to focus on the good things and enjoy their forthcoming vacation. First stop: Paris. Allons-y!
Dean smiled, and before he could reply in any way, Castiel had already sealed his lips with his own again, and all he could think of was how mutual that feeling was. Feeling all warm and fuzzy, Dean pressed their bodies even closer together and deepened their kiss, ignoring their whole surrounding, when he suddenly heard a very distinctive click.
At first, just Castiel’s lips slid over Dean’s cock, ”Fuck!” Dean huffed out. Only seconds later Castiel’s whole mouth molded around it. “Oh, Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.” Dean cursed, getting more insecure about his stamina the longer Castiel swirled his tongue over his dick and was bobbing his head, and when he once again felt his cock hit the back of Castiel’s throat and Castiel started to hum, Dean almost lost it.
His ability to resist got tested, the longer Dean continued his little torture. And when Dean started to quicken the pace, Castiel, with the very last strain of composure, buried his fingers in Dean’s hair and with a slight tuck on it indicated to Dean to look at him. “Shit! Baby, you look so good. I… I wanna…”
Finally all of them were out and Castiel suddenly felt the emptiness inside him glaringly obvious. He longed for the feeling of being filled again, but this time with something much more human. “Dean. Please. I… I want you inside me.”
“Instead you took advantage of my arousal and started blowing me while I was still driving. That was very naughty. And you deserve punishment.” Dean gasped in-between words, while small grunts tore away from his chest from time to time.
“Oh come on! You are overstating his condition, Dean-o! He didn’t need me. He had some minor illnesses and was nowhere near dying! Just some viruses having a little fiesta in his body, there’s nothing wrong with that. And if he were actually dying, I would have come! Come on, Dean-o! Don’t be such a drama queen! Cas was doing absolutely fine! So give me a break, or you…” and with a snap of his fingers Dean and Cas suddenly both had flower garlands around their necks and each of them held a cocktail in their hand, “and just relax and go on vacation while me and Sasquatch are going to-“
Dean looked into Castiel’s blown-out eyes and the tousled hair and he thought that he honestly hadn’t seen anything more beautiful for a long time. The way Castiel’s eyes and lips pleaded, the desperation that was written all over his face, made Dean happy to know that his refractory period was still unbelievably short and they probably won’t encounter many other cars on the rest of the road towards their final destination.
Though Castiel gasped for a second, he continued talking, “So, I stopped eating her out and instead went up her body towards her potty mouth. And then, while kissing her-“ Castiel moaned, as he felt Dean moving his finger in and out of him, adding a second one shortly.
“Oh baby… Cas, I just fucking love seeing you like this! And I just can’t get enough of it. Not ever. Fuck! You are just so beautiful, my angel. I need you… I…” Dean groaned as he felt he was getting close.
Castiel moaned as Dean started nibbling and kissing his neck. “Well, I guess then it’s a good thing you parked your car way out of anybody’s sight.”
“Oh nothing, sweetie! Just a little something for later when we are traveling.” Dean grinned and got in the car.
As Dean thought to himself that this might be their last shower together during their vacation, he continued pampering Castiel. Once they were both completely wet, Dean reached for the shampoo and started slowly massaging it into Castiel’s hair, taking special care when rinsing it out again, before he turned the water off. He reached for the shower gel, and slowly and thoroughly soaped Castiel’s entire body, making sure to cover him from head to toe with it.
“Mhm...” Dean mumbled, and while Castiel continued to tell Dean all about it, Dean took a second to stand up from the bed, and pull Castiel’s jeans and boxers down, leaving them on the floor beside him. He took the anal vibro balls and the lube out of Castiel’s hand and into his own left one, pulled Castiel a little more towards the edge of the bed, before he leaned on the bed again, hovering over Castiel for a minute, before giving him a long, hungry kiss.
Castiel smirked and replied, “Your wish is my command.” After that he slowly moved his whole body to Dean’s left side on the bed and therefore farther away from the camera, while continuing to kiss along Dean’s jawline and neck. Dean immediately forced Castiel’s legs apart and began stroking his length.
Dean let Castiel enjoy his afterglow for a second before he released his softened cock with an obscene pop and slowly stood up again. With a smirk he asked, “so… was that ok? Because, although your explanation was impeccable, I’m not quite sure whether I used enoughhhh-“ Dean’s attempt of playing dumb was interrupted by Castiel smashing their lips together, intertwining their tongues, trying to show him just how much he had actually enjoyed it.
Or maybe… Castiel’s fantasies were abruptly interrupted when Dean suddenly reached behind himself and turned on the engine. Once again, Castiel felt the vibrations of the engine being transferred directly through his whole body, but this time it didn’t intensify the vibration of the balls within him, but instead made Dean’s pecker, which was buried deep inside his ass, hum with unnatural power.
Sleepy, Dean opened his eyes and was immediately greeted by the sight of Castiel kneeling between his thighs, licking his dick while simultaneously massaging his balls, and looking up to him with those baby blue eyes that were half-lidded with desire. “What the fuck?” Dean thought as he realized that the ice-cold licks were real and not a dream. “Cas, whaaaaa-“ was all Dean could say when Castiel blew a stream of air against the head of his dick, making him moan instead.
He stepped closer to Dean, looked up at him through his long lashes, biting his lips, and asked, “So… what do you want me to do, winner?” and immediately lay his hand down against Dean’s bulge again, stroking it softly through the fabric.
Castiel’s breathing became faster. He swallowed hard. “Later, Dean. We need to get to our room first. I don’t want us to get arrested for indecent exposure.” Dean looked afflicted, but forced himself to move away from Castiel. “Well then, please lead the way.” Dean said, his eyes filled with lust.
Castiel’s lips were parted, his eyes almost closed, and his long lashes fluttered every time Dean’s thumb grazed over the head of his again swollen cock before Dean let his hand drop and began moving up and down Castiel’s cock again. Dean looked at Castiel and involuntarily just said, “You’re so beautiful, my little blue-eyed angel,” his voice hoarse and tired.
A pleasant shiver ran down Castiel’s spine, not only because of Dean’s words, but mostly because the quick movement of him being dragged to his feet made the balls inside him move. Dean grabbed his backpack and turned around to face Castiel again, holding him in an embrace with one hand around Castiel’s hip and the other one loosely placed between Castiel’s shoulder blades.
While at other open air-rock-festivals people had to camp outside and basically eat nothing else but canned food, and drink whatever they brought with them, this festival was different in numerous ways.
As Castiel was already worked open nicely by the balls, Dean didn’t give Castiel much time to adjust but instead immediately began thrusting in an out of Castiel in a rapid manner, the edges around the cut in the panties stroking along his length each time he moved.
“You were saying?” Dean asked, before he returned to kissing Castiel’s neck, slowly sliding downwards Castiel’s body again, all the while putting gentle kisses through Castiel’s ridden up shirt.
“Oh fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. Yes. Oh… yes. This feels fucking good.” Dean cursed, immediately dropping the hand with the camera on the bed and digging the other one into the bed sheet.
The person stepped a little bit away from Dean again. Dean frowned as he looked into the other person’s face and got almost lost in their mesmerizing ice blue eyes. They somehow looked really familiar. “Cas? Cas, is that you?”
“-mmmhm...,” Dean hummed with pleasure, clearly enjoying the taste, “to spice it up?” Dean asked, as he slowly started to lick along the whole length of the cock.
Dean just smiled and said, “Thought so.” He let go of Castiel and swam over to the edge, got out of the Jacuzzi, and grabbed the two towels lying nearby. Then he reached for Castiel, helped him get out of the Jacuzzi, before he started rubbing Castiel and himself dry with the towels.
“As nice as this is, but we need to get on the road. Oh and although your laughter in my mouth is such a wonderful taste and I really enjoy making out with you, you need to get rid of that morning breath.”
Dean wanted to pay back Cas for the special treatment that morning, but in a good way. He remembered how good it felt so he wanted to reward Cas for that and show his appreciation. After Dean got ready, he started licking over the head of Castiel’s cock and then the whole length in an excruciatingly slow manner, letting his tongue work its cooling magic by sliding fluidly across the hardened flesh underneath it.
Quickly Dean took hold of Castiel’s cock and began sucking on it, while Castiel did the same with Dean’s cock. They both enjoyed sucking each other off right until Dean at some point let go of Castiel’s cock, and moaned, “Cas, please if you want to fuck me, just do it. Do it now or I can’t guarantee I won’t come before the main event.”
They had booked a nice all-inclusive two weeks vacation, leading them all over Europe; somewhere where they wouldn’t have to fight ghosts and vampires and all the other supernatural crap they had to face here on a daily basis. Dammit! After all the shit they’ve been through, they deserved a little break and nothing, NOTHING is going to come between them and their well-deserved vacation – and least of all a simple cold! This is also why Dean had pampered, or least tried to pamper, Castiel for the last couple of weeks, just to make sure he got better very soon. But despite his best efforts, Castiel was seriously doing his very best to show him just how much like a toddler he could behave.
“Hey easy there, Dean-o!  I don’t want you to spill my drink! It is a rather delicious one and also very difficult to mix!” Gabriel said nonchalant, magically disappearing from where he was standing just a second ago at the bottom of the stairs and reappearing at the top of them.
And when Castiel was gone through the check-in, Dean felt hollow and cheerless; his heart, his smile, and his happiness were all gone, gone with the man who never gave up having faith in him and his good sides.
“That sounds great, I wonder if someone saw you.” Dean said, as he concentrated his oral caresses on Castiel’s balls now, licking and sucking on them.
“I… I…” Castiel moaned, as Dean’s strokes now became harder. “I lay her down on the bed, and I started to go down on her-“
Dean still couldn’t believe that Castiel actually got them tickets for it, even though it was through sheer luck. After they took a rather long tour through the castle, they finally settled for sleeping in a gigantic room that probably used to be the dancing hall.
“Not on me,” Dean said with a cheeky smile while wiping his hands with the hem of his shirt, “but I have some in the car, just like I have a couple of spare shirts in it.” He took off his shirt and attempted to do the same with Castiel’s when suddenly a large crowd of school kids passed only a couple of feet away from them, heading towards their location.
After the shower, they lay down in bed again, kissing and caressing each other until both were lying on their sides and Dean was cuddled up against Castiel’s back, one arm under Castiel’s head, the other one loosely around Castiel’s waist, and only the moonlight that shone through the balcony door illuminated their features.
“Trust me, baby. You’ll like this.” Dean said as he let his backpack fall to the floor, skirt and panties on top, and gently shoved Castiel towards the bed until they both lay on it, Dean on top of Castiel, whose feet were still placed firmly on the ground.
Although Donnie didn’t hear everything Dean said, he still heard, but especially saw, more than enough to know that the guys hadn’t just had a shower in mind when they asked him to join them. Longingly he shot glances at them and especially at Castiel, who was being jerked off by Dean, wishing he could join them.
“Ok, how about we spice things up a bit? We play one match, and whoever wins gets to fuck the other one or suck him off or whatever you prefer, interested now?” Donnie asked, as he remembered the appraising look Dean had given him when they’d met.
“It feels wonderful to kiss them, to suck on her nipples, but most of all, it feels just great to touch them while-“ Castiel panted, as Dean pushed the fourth ball inside him and thereby making one of the balls already inside him brush over his prostate.
“You know this is absolutely my favorite sight of them all, seeing you completely fucked out. This blissed out look on your face is just… priceless!” Dean said, before he pulled a camera from seemingly out of nowhere and quickly took a picture of Castiel.
Dean smirked, “Well, I guess that’s a good start.” Dean said as he took away Donnie’s cue and laid it on the table together with his own one, unzipped his pants, and freed his cock. Donnie immediately slipped over a condom and started licking and sucking it, showing Dean that he wasn’t the only one who was eager to get to know each other better. Lucky for them, no one tried to enter the room, and lucky for Dean, Donnie had a lot more condoms and lube in his pocket, so of course his winner’s price truly included much more than just an
“No! I’m fine! So…what do we need?” *atchoo* Another sneeze left Cas’ all too human form while he was standing next to the fridge and tried –unsuccessfully- to make notes on his notepad.
“Revenge for not giving me the opportunity to fully enjoy the process of you trying on the new skirt.” Another thrust and stroke. “Revenge for denying me the pleasure of putting you in panties myself.”
“Oh wow, our vacation together is almost over, Dean. It’s such a pity. I don’t want to leave you. Not least because then it’s back to just phone and Skype calls from time to time.”
“Yes Dean, they are in the library on the third shelf on the left side, just on top of the book about Romanian vampires.” Cas smiled a wide grin and just couldn’t bring himself to stop doing so. The day had finally come. The day of them going on vacation. He had been a very well-behaved patient and listened to everything Dean had asked of him just to get well again in due time, and he did. Now he was more than eager to show Dean all the beautiful places he knew existed all over Europe and were only known –if at all- to a very selected circle of human beings, but well-known to all angelic ones.
“Well, as soon as we found this room and realized how secluded it is, she got very excited because that meant we could not only fuck our brains out on a proper bed, but also probably stay in here for several hours without any danger of anyone disturbing or hearing us having a lot of very audible fun.”
Castiel ignored any thought about the fact that their time together was limited to just this one week and that the next opportunity for a visit won’t happen until at least for a two to three months time. He just enjoyed the amazing feeling of having Dean with him again, to have the opportunity to actually touch and kiss him and likewise be touched and kissed by him. Not to mention to finally feel Dean’s wonderful cock inside him again instead of having to fuck himself with a vibrator and pretend it was Dean.
Dean just smirked and took Castiel’s cock into his mouth, bobbing his head up and down Castiel’s hardened cock, his tongue continuing to slide along Castiel’s shaft like hot velvet. Castiel whimpered and fought the urge to thrust into Dean’s warm, yet partly cold, wet mouth.
“Mmm… baby that feels so goooood… oh yeah… come on baby, look up. I want to see your eyes,” and Castiel did look up, “yeah… you like it? Like having my cock in your mouth?” Dean asked, his voice thick with lust. Castiel pulled off his dick now, but not without keeping the steady rhythm with his hand, moving it up and down Dean’s cock.
“It… it feels great to touch them, weigh them, pinch them, while fucking her. The feeling of having her lean on the ledge, protruding her soft, peachy ass to me, while I stand behind her, penetrating her sweet, wet pussy, touching her all over... it’s just… aaaah...” another ball was pressed in, as Dean wrapped his hand around Castiel’s cock and now started licking and sucking on it.
Dean smirked and said, “Listen, any other day I’d gladly make use of this opportunity, but I’m waiting for my boyfriend to arrive, so I’m really sorry, ok? He was supposed to come on the plane that landed 20 minutes ago, but he didn’t and now I’m worried and-“
Castiel took a second to breathe while forcing himself to relax, adjusting to the familiar feeling of stretch, even with slightly insufficient prep; but Castiel didn’t mind, he knew a little hurt felt good sometimes. He moved his head again so he was looking straight ahead and into the car, and whimpered, “Deeeeaan,” signaling him to start moving. And so Dean did. He started thrusting into Castiel and each stroke over Castiel’s prostate was unerringly accurate, sending jolts of pure pleasure through Castiel’s whole body.
“No, I think… aaaah...” Castiel moaned, as Dean added a third finger to the two that were already scissoring him open. “I don’t think anyone saw us.”
When they arrived at the hotel, Castiel, even though it was still the middle of the day, was fast asleep. Dean looked over to him and smiled, enjoying the sight of Castiel’s relaxed features for second, before he pulled out his phone and took a picture. Quietly he opened and closed his door, and went to the reception area. After he was given the key, he went back to the car and tried to open the passenger’s side as quietly as possible. Slowly he leaned inside the car, unbuckled Castiel, and took him into his arms.
Castiel lay on his back and looked down at Dean, who was currently kissing his inner thighs, forcing his legs apart. Dean’s fingers tickled the softness of Castiel’s balls while also stroking his swelling cock. Dean’s pace was excruciatingly slow, each stroke felt like an eternity to Castiel. He gasped when Dean’s dry fingers began to circle his entrance.
Castiel moaned and Dean opened his mouth to take in Castiel’s dick, while at the same time pressing another finger into him, starting to scissor him open and repeatedly brushing over his prostate. “Aaaah… Deeeean.” Castiel groaned as he fell apart under Dean’s torturous caresses. Dean bobbed his head up and down Castiel’s cock, slow and deliberate at first but always in tandem with his fingers that went in and out of Castiel’s body. As Castiel’s moans became more pleading, Dean quickened the pace and inserted another finger.
“Room 216, that’s ours.” Castiel said as they reached a door almost at the end of the balcony hall. Unfortunately the cleaning lady, who was busy with the room next door, had left her trolley in front of their room so they couldn’t get in. But luckily it was just a matter of minutes till she came out of the room and moved to the next one, taking her trolley with her.
Gently, Dean turned Castiel around, still letting him rest against his chest. He poured some shower gel into his palm, and soaped Castiel’s lower body one last time before rinsing it. When he was done, Castiel had almost fallen asleep due to the warm water and soft touches on him. Dean smiled, reached for their towels, and after he rubbed Castiel dry, he dressed him into a new pair of boxers and some PJ-pants, and sat him down on a bench for a minute. After he rubbed himself dry properly and got dressed, he put all of their stuff inside their biggest towel, knotted it, pressed it into Castiel’s hands, took Castiel into his own one’s and carried him back to their sleeping accommodation.
He wanted to tell Dean that now he would listen to his advise and stay in bed, wanted to tell him he would do anything Dean wanted him to do just so the two of them -and especially Dean- could get a well deserved vacation from all the horrible things they’ve been through. He wanted to tell him about the strange feverish dream he had just before Dean came into his room again, but all that left his lips were only moans and the feeling that every thought he had just a second ago was now gone, burned by the heat of his own body.
Not wanting to waste any more time, he hollowed his cheeks and immediately started deep-throating him. “Fuck!” Castiel swore, digging his hands into Donnie’s hair, while Donnie mentally just giggled, once again happy that he was able to suppress his gag-reflex and thereby being able to take him all in.
As it was their last night together, Dean wanted to make it unforgettable for both of them, especially as neither of them knew when they’re going to be able to see each other again. So when they finally arrived at their hotel near the airport from which Castiel had to leave the next day, Dean tried to suppress any feelings of loss and instead concentrated on making it as beautiful and memorable as possible.
Slowly he started to drift off again, off into a new dream his mind has already started to create for him. The wet washcloth Dean put on his forehead, the movement beside him in bed whenever Dean left to do something and then came back again in order to lie next to him… all these were just distant occurrences he noticed solely peripheral while he dreamed of all the things Dean and he would do once there were in Europe and free from all the supernatural activities and creatures they had faced during the last couple of years.
Castiel was a precious gift that was literally sent from heaven to take care of him (and of course his brother). But right now he was just as helpless and powerless as any other human being on earth, worse even he was sick for the very first time in his life! Dean knew of course that Castiel wanted to be strong for him, show him that although he was human now, he still was one hell of a guy who couldn’t be defeated by something as simple as a stomach bug or common cold, but Dean also knew that if Castiel didn’t recuperate properly now, he will only get worse and then all their careful and extensive planning would have been worth for nothing.
When they reached the country road, Castiel almost buckled from sheer arousal, his dick, having very quickly decided to be on board with Dean’s surprise, was now rock hard, longing to be touched. But all he could do was cling to Dean’s waist while they were driving uphill along the road in serpentines in high speed. But the thrill of speed was not the only adrenaline rush Castiel experienced, the wind that now constantly lifted up his skirt, the feeling of sitting almost naked on the ride, did the rest.
Castiel looked deep into Dean’s eyes that were dark and full of lust and promise. “Y-yes. Yes. That’s much better.” Castiel stuttered.
“Yes, yes, you are right. I’ve been very naughty, please you need to punish me. Please just don’t stop. Use me! Use my whole body if you want to, just… fuck! Just… don’t stop.” Castiel begged.
And while Castiel was still trying to catch his breath, Dean pulled out, put Castiel’s legs down on both sides of the bike for better balance, and reached for the tissues. He wiped himself clean, zipped up his pants, and smiled down at Castiel.
He thought about his phone call with his younger brother Gabriel last night, and how he gave him the idea to dress up like a woman in the first place. Castiel hadn’t been quite sure about the whole thing because although being with Dean has given his ego an enormous boost and he was much more confident now, he still had major attacks of shyness from time to time. And although he wasn’t the most inexperienced guy when it came to sex, he still felt like a giant virgin in comparison to Dean.
had had his reasons for booking specifically this room, although he hadn’t pictured it quite like this. Dean had thought more along the lines of sipping one or two beers and then make out on the balcony in all ways imaginable, making use of the fact that no one was able to see them.
Dean smirked as he removed his fingers and aligned the head of his cock with Cas’ entrance instead. “Oh God, you have absolutely no idea how impatiently I have been waiting to do this again.” Dean said as he pushed himself all the way in, remaining in this position for a moment to give Castiel the chance to adjust.
And so Castiel let Dean’s cock out with a wet plop and gave it a few final strokes, before he moved between Dean’s thighs, kneeling in front of him and facing him once again. “Dean could you-“ he didn’t have to say anything else, Dean was already handing him the lube.
“Cas, I…” Dean closed his eyes for a second and took a deep breath, trying to regain a little bit of control. When he reopened them, he looked directly into Castiel eyes and uttered in a gravelly deep voice, “Cas, get out of the car and bend over the hood. I already had to dismiss the opportunity to fuck you on the hood while you are wearing a skirt once, I’m not willing to dismiss it a second time!”
“Uhm… well, the outfit wouldn’t be authentic without the proper undergarment, so I-” Castiel’s shy attempt of an explanation was cut off as Dean let his hands glide over the silky material of the panties and gently started stroking along Castiel’s dick through the fabric. “Aaah… Dean,” he moaned.
Castiel leaned over, put the camera on the nightstand, and pulled Dean into a long passionate kiss, “Cas, please.” Dean pleaded, desperate, before Castiel leaned back, and finally gave Dean what he had asked for; he grabbed Dean by his hip, and started thrusting into him in a rapid manner.
Dean just couldn’t and wouldn’t dare to imagine how his life was going to be like, once Castiel is gone again. And although they lived so far apart and sometimes couldn’t see each other for months, Dean was overwhelmed that they still, every time they met, were spot on with all their familiar sexual cues.
As Castiel was completely lost in his thoughts, he didn’t realize that Dean silently entered the bathroom, leaving the door a bit ajar, got undressed, and then stood right behind him. Only when the taller man placed his lips on Castiel’s neck and began gently sucking on it, trying to make a hickey, did Castiel notice Dean’s presence. And the fact that he could glaringly obvious feel Dean’s erect penis pressed against his back made him not only aware of his nakedness but also reminded him that Dean hadn’t found his release at the airport.
Dean pulled away from Castiel’s mouth and instead just looked at him, enjoying the blissed-out look on Castiel’s face, stroking him just a little longer before letting Castiel enjoy the hazy afterglow.
Dean thought for a second, then looked around the empty street, and was overjoyed when he saw a street sign, telling him that the next city was miles and miles away. “Ok, deal.” Dean said. And while steering the wheel with one hand, he reached for his duffle with the other one. He opened it, pulled out the shopping bag, and dropped it in Castiel’s lap.
The airport he picked Castiel up from was really a little dump and therefore Dean had absolutely no trouble at all finding a parking space. And even though there were a lot of free ones directly in front of the entrance hall, Dean chose a more secluded one just around the corner. The arrivals area of the airport was so small that people literally had to take care not to obstruct any passengers trying to check-in. Luckily, this also meant that there was just no way he could miss Castiel once he arrived.
Dean cleared his throat. “Yes, Cas. That’s totally acceptable.” Dean said, once again staring at Castiel’s lips, imagining them wrapped around his dick and between his thighs, and then remembering the one and only time he allowed Castiel to penetrate him before.
A smile immediately flitted across Dean’s face and he leaned closer to Castiel to put a kiss on the tip of his nose. “Good morning, Cas. I hope you’ve slept well.”
Castiel felt his orgasm rushing up on him very fast now, and not being allowed to close his eyes but being forced to keep his eyes fixed on Dean’s was only intensifying the pleasure he felt. “Dean, I… ahh…” Cas shuddered. “Dean, I think I… I…” Cas stuttered and moaned, he was now so very near the edge, all he needed was a few more strokes to send him flying right over it. And as Dean didn’t dream of slowing down to make it last longer, Castiel came only seconds later with a loud scream, covering Dean’s fist, his skirt, and both of their shirts with his seed.
“Dean.” Castiel said, annoyed. He knew Dean liked to watch him, just like he never got enough of watching and observing Dean as much as he could, but he really didn’t feel this was the right moment for taking a picture to remember this little adventure.
“Yes, baby. Just like that.” Castiel kept telling Dean, while he continued thrusting into the new wonderful tightness, until he too couldn’t hold it back any longer and was filling Dean’s grotto with his seed.
“Oh really? Underwear? That’s funny coming from someone who doesn’t wear any himself,” Castiel said with a wide grin.
“No! We will do nothing of this kind, Gabriel! Stop this and go away!” Sam said, now angry too as he was the one who had to do most of the grocery shopping and all kinds of cleaning up around the bunker for the last couple of weeks. He needed a well-deserved break, too. Actually this trip was even meant to be for all three of them, but after an overdose of sick-Castiel and overprotective-Dean, the last thing he needed was to spend even more time with these two now no longer only eye-fucking muttonheads. This is also why, although he loved his brother and Castiel, he simply couldn’t wait to have them out of the bunker and thereby out of his daily life for two weeks. He simply wanted to relax and enjoy the feeling of not having to do any more of the irritating chores he had been doing subsidiary for Dean, who had been so very busy playing nurse for Castiel.
“I’ve looked at your mouth. You’ve such beautiful lips and I just remembered how much I missed them. Missed to touch, to kiss, but most of all feel them on my body.” Castiel said in a gravelly voice.
Castiel looked stunned at Dean. “Wash it? Dean, do you have any idea how expensive and delicate the fabric of this skirt is? My dad bought it for Anna at a market place in Turkey and under no circumstances is this skirt to be washed in a washing machine or put into a dryer! The fabric was very expensive and everything on it is handmade. Every single embroidery and sequin was put on it within hours and hours of hard work. It has to be treated with a lot of caution when dirty.”
“Well my name is Castiela, but if you ask very nicely you can call me Cas.” The person said with a smirk, his eyes wide and innocent, with just a flicker of naughty.
“Cas, I… I…” Dean had completely lost the ability to speak any coherent sentences. THIS was absolutely NOTHING like the things he had imagined; or rather, it actually was but in a kind of twisted –yet very pleasurable- way. Of course he had fantasized about becoming more intimate with Castiel in the car, but ever since they had reunited, he was overwhelmed by Castiel’s self-confidence and the initiative he had shown repeatedly.
“Yeah, sure thing. Just don’t forget to give me the exact address and maybe I’ll come around.” Dean said, halfheartedly, thinking that although Donnie was a great fuck, he’s definitely not going to see this guy again. Maybe if he didn’t live that far away they could have a regular thing whenever Dean got bored, but being as it is, he much more preferred a one-off, giving this bartender a lasting best-fuck-of-my-life-memory.
“Wow, um… you might want to try eating a strawberry with it the next time.” Castiel said, after he only sipped on his glass, reached for a strawberry, and was now offering it to Dean.
The brunette turned around and said flirtatiously, “Oh what a pity, I was hoping you’d take me right here, right now, on the hood of your beautiful car, but I guess then we’ll just have to defile your backseat instead.”
But luckily, this didn’t mean they couldn’t fuck again this very weekend. He had fucked that guy on the pool table, just as he had wished to do, and although he knew Donnie is certainly going to insist on a rematch, it’s probably going to be much more difficult for them to have that much privacy again. So instead of starting to walk back to the castle, he looked around the empty and very dark parking lot.
And when Dean stepped closer he could see that the skirt was actually much shorter than he would have guessed it was. The skirt barely covered more than the person’s –admittedly really nice- ass, and the matching cute stacked sandals and white stockings only accentuated this particular feature.
“Shh, Castiel. Go back to sleep! Yes, we’ve arrived but don’t worry, everything’s fine,” Dean said. He carried Castiel into the hotel, and up to their room, thankful that instead of having to carry him up the stairs, he could use the elevator to get them to their hotel room on the fifth floor. Once he laid Castiel on the massive California-King-size-bed, he went back downstairs to take their luggage out of the trunk and lock the car.
In the meantime,” Castiel moaned as Dean’s strokes and words have not only made him fully hard, but he now also felt Dean’s own hardened member pressed against his back. “I’m going to take care of his wonderful woody, before I fuck him against the wall.”
Dean smirked, “Touché. Ok, then no underwear but at least let me get you your pants. I don’t want you to freeze your balls off.”
Dean gripped the steering wheel tight and tried to keep the car on the road for as long as possible, but ultimately he was very relieved when he saw an opening, a narrow path, leading into the small surrounding wood. Quickly he pulled over, killed the engine, and for a few precious seconds completely gave in to the oral delights Castiel provided.
“Fuck, Cas! That feels-“ Dean panted, “it feels… Fuck!” He now dug both his hands into the bed sheets, trying to hold on to them as he felt his orgasm rushing up on him, knowing it wouldn’t take him long now.
Dean put on the condom, pressed the head of his cock against Donnie’s opening, and after Donnie braced himself against the wall, Dean pushed himself all in.
Dean was still asleep, dreaming about a certain pair of beautiful blue eyes and the skimpy outfit Castiel wore the previous day, when he suddenly felt some movement beside him and light touches on his body. Half asleep he realized that somebody was removing his shorts and kissing the skin around his navel. But it didn’t him wake up; instead his mind began to combine his dream with it.
Dean smirked and quickly sealed their lips together, stealing all of the remaining air from Castiel’s lungs. When he finally let Castiel come up for air, he nuzzled at his neck before he moved back down his body again.
Dean had seen Castiel’s post-coital face more times than he can count, and even the slightest change in hair or clothing were very obvious and familiar signs for Dean, so he just smirked and exchanged a meaningful look with Castiel, before he looked at Donnie and said, “Hey Donnie, Castiel and I had a rather long drive to this place and although I know yours wasn’t even remotely as long, I’m sure you’d still like to freshen up a bit too, so how about we try to find the shower rooms?”
Dean let go of Castiel’s cock with a wet plop, took the panties and skirt from on top of his backpack, and while Castiel was still riding the waves of afterglow, Dean slowly dressed him in a pair of royal blue panties and the cheap skirt. Once he was done, he let himself fall down beside Castiel.
Frustrated and still a bit out of it, Castiel looked across the parking lot and at the kids for a second, before he got down from the hood and joined Dean in the car. Castiel used his old shirt to wipe away some of the cum stains on his skirt before he threw it on top of Dean’s dirty one. Luckily Dean had his duffle bag in the backseat, so both of them just put on new shirts. Once they were in the motel, they could both get cleaned up properly.
Dean smirked, quickly coated his fingers with more lube before he added another finger, scissoring Cas’ open. Very soon a third finger followed, trying to work Castiel open as quickly as he could. Castiel moaned and tried to hide his face in one of his arms as he rocked back against Dean’s fingers.
But luckily, Castiel was prepared. He knew Dean liked panties, and it didn’t matter if he wore them himself or just touched them, Dean liked them either way and therefore he had packed quite a stack of panties into his suitcase. And luckily, he had also put a fresh one in his backpack, from which he now retrieved the very same.
He just tried to keep up with him and please him in whichever way he could. The result was that he had just removed make-up, a wig, and had taken off a skimpy girly outfit, just so he could surprise his boyfriend. Dean’s look as he checked him out at the airport? Definitely worth it! Dean had looked at him downright predatory, and that had been even before he knew it was Castiel. He won’t deny that he was more than flattered about the reaction, but still… he felt a bit overwhelmed by it. He wasn’t used to so much attention and that someone really desired him that much.
“Dean, don’t be mad at Gabriel! You know his ways and that he has probably been a trickster for far too long to now behave any different! Let’s simply focus on the positive and nice things: Thanks to you I’m fully recovered again, the two of us are going on a beautiful vacation for two weeks, and not only are we going to be completely alone on our trip, but I also know a lot of places where we can have as much sex as we both can possibly stand. You’ll be able to scream your lungs out all day long while I take you in every way imaginable and for miles and miles there won’t be any other human being who can hear you scream my name when I make you come over and over again.”
Castiel beside him in a skirt, yet also still wearing a normal shirt… everybody who passed them fleetingly would assume they were just two completely normal dudes in a car, while at the same time he could let his hand wander up and down Castiel’s naked thighs and caress Castiel’s dick and balls without anyone seeing it.
And so, while clinging to Dean and constantly having the balls vibrate against his prostate, at some point Castiel just couldn’t take it any longer. He closed his eyes and ultimately gave in to all the sensations he felt, simply enjoying the wonderful experience of having an orgasm on a rushing motorcycle while his dick remained completely untouched.
Then Dean suddenly pulled off and blew a stream of air against the head of Castiel’s dick, and the sensory overload Castiel felt made him almost lose his mind, “Fuck, Dean! S-sooo good. M-moooore,” was all Castiel could stutter.
“You know, when you told me about the value of Anna’s skirt, I felt really bad that you didn’t bring a second one, because,” Castiel opened the bag and retrieved its content, “I really liked you in that short, skimpy skirt!” Dean said, grinning.
Dean, desperate because having waited for too long for his release and overjoyed to finally fuck his angel-like boyfriend again, just let go. He started to move faster, plunge himself deeper, all the while looking into the mirror, observing Castiel’s face that was ecstatically twisted with lust. He felt his orgasm rushing up on him and once he made eye contact with Castiel, it just overwhelmed him and he came with a long desperate scream.
“Ok, enough is enough! That definitely counts as harassment of my ears and mental image I really didn’t need to have! I’ll wait in the car!” Sam grimaced, shook his head and almost ran up the stairs to the door of the bunker just to escape any given chance Castiel would continue talking dirty to Dean and thereby give him some further mental images he would have nightmares about.
Dean gazed at Castiel lovingly, and as his right arm was still trapped underneath Castiel’s body, he lifted his left hand to slowly stroke over Castiel’s hair, which was warm and soft under his fingers. He stroked over the soft skin at the back of Castiel’s neck, and behind his ear, smiling when a little moan left Castiel’s lips. He gently stroked over Castiel’s lips, trying to make his fingers memorize the soft pattern of it.
Dean just smiled and enjoyed having Castiel beside him. He hauled him in, whispered, “You’re just so good to me, Cas. I love you,” and kissed him, or at least he tried to kiss him, but them both smiling made it much more complicated than it should be. When they gave up on their attempt and instead just looked into each other’s eyes, their foreheads pressed together, Castiel whispered, “You said it again, Dean. Does that mean you-“
After they came out of the shower, they both got dressed and as neither of them had eaten much that day, they went out to a small diner they had seen on their short drive from the airport. They both had burger and fries and apple pie for dessert. Everything went fine until the moment Castiel saw Dean eating his slice of pie. The joy on Dean’s face as he ate what he called ‘one of the best apple pies I have ever tasted,’ and the way his mouth closed around the fork, pushing it down and into his mouth… it send a shiver through Castiel’s groin.
As Castiel grabbed the bottle and some tissues, he quickly glanced at the camera screen, picking up on the beautiful effect this specific light created, and so, unnoticeable to Dean, he positioned the camera accordingly and switched it on. He handed Dean the lube and crawled back into bed, and when Dean attempted to switch off the light again, Castiel stopped him.
Instead of staying in bed and letting Dean take care of him, he used any given opportunity to make himself “useful” and thereby prolonged his healing, trying to make up for the already “lost” time due to his stomach bug. It didn’t matter whether Sam needed help with some Enochian translation or someone had to do the grocery shopping (which Castiel did by using an old bike he also happened to repair while being sick… outside… in the cold), Castiel just couldn’t stay in bed long enough to actually give his body some sorely needed rest in order to get well again.
“Come on, don’t be a prude. There’s no better jerk-off-material than having a video of how you and I are having a good time! And as for the ‘ending up in wrong hands,’ you just have to make sure none of your brothers and sisters find the tape. You’ve got to hide it away in a place you can be sure they’ll never ever be looking for something naughty by you.”
Dean just smirked, undid the belt and opened the zipper of his pants and leaned on Castiel, whispering into his ear, “And that’s why I preferred having you wear a skirt.” Dean said, as he quickly pulled a small bottle of lube out of the backpack, generously coated his dick with it, and lifted Castiel’s legs on his shoulders.
When Dean pulled away again, he let his gaze linger on Castiel’s lips while tenderly letting his fingers trace over them and finishing his sentence by continuing in a soft-spoken voice, “and I guess the only question that remains is,” Dean hesitated for a second before he looked directly into Castiel’s eyes and with a passionate voice continued, “how and what the hell did you do to me this morning?”
Quickly, Castiel took the second helmet and sat behind Dean. “If you think having the vibro balls inside you and then walking around is already pleasurable, you will be absolutely overwhelmed by what you are about to experience next.” Dean said, and got the strong engine started, the vibrations of it driving right through Castiel’s entire body.
Castiel brushed over Dean’s prostate repeatedly, making Dean’s cock twitch every single time, until Dean squirmed and pleaded, “Cas, pleeeese… get in me. I want to feel you. Feel your wonderful cock fill me.”
Dean made Castiel wear the backpack, and while holding on to one of his hands he dragged him out the door. As they walked down the stairs and towards the castle’s gate, Castiel could constantly feel the balls moving, stimulating his inside, driving him wild already. When they were out of the castle, Dean led him straight to some guys with motorcycles.
Donnie agreed, and so all three of them made their way towards one of the communal showers right down the hall. The communal shower wasn’t that big, there were only five shower heads along one of the walls and two shower cabinets at the opposite wall, bordering the door leading in and out the shower.
“A sexy girl on my sexy baby. You know, any other day this would be a dream come true, but today all I can say is, ‘please step away from my car or you’ll damage the paint with your sequined skirt.’“
Dean kissed Castiel gently and stroked him through the afterglow, while once more taking in the sight of Castiel’s beautifully blown eyes as Castiel still breathed erratically and with a very seductive smile on his lips.
Dean just smiled and let out a relieved huff of air against Castiel’s back, overjoyed that Castiel didn’t need much prep. For a second he thought about the irony of the situation and that if Castiel really were a girl he probably wouldn’t have bothered with panties or getting her properly wet at all, but instead just bent her over the hood, pushed her panties to the side, and immediately fucked her nice and hard.
Donnie and Dean had their rematch and of course this time Dean didn’t stand a chance, but he didn’t mind. He enjoyed having Donnie as a sex partner way too much to complain about anything; he didn’t care whether Donnie lost or won, as the outcome was very enjoyable for Dean either way. In the evening Donnie even surprised him with his bartender qualities by mixing him a cocktail called ‘slow screw up against the wall.’ The innuendo was of course not lost on Dean, but he just laughed and took it as an invite to, after having enjoyed that delicious mixture of rum, vodka, blue curaçao, different kinds of juice, cane sugar, lime, and lemon, to do just that, screw Donnie slowly up against a wall.
When Castiel reentered the bedroom Dean was already back on the bed. Castiel positioned himself between Dean’s thighs again, and now slowly moved up Dean’s body, licking and kissing every inch of it. And the further he came up, the more Dean touched and caressed every part of Castiel’s body he could reach.
Castiel’s moans became louder and he started pushing back against the fingers, wishing Dean would hurry up. He didn’t have to wait long, for Dean very quickly added a third finger, and with each brush over his sweet spot, the fire Castiel felt burning under his skin intensified a thousandfold. “Dean, I’m ready. Please, pleeease, I want you in me.”
When they arrived at the motel, they both got out of the car and Castiel held his small purse right in front of him the whole time, hoping the new shirt and the purse would cover the remaining cum stains on it. Dean just grabbed his duffle bag from the back seat and followed Castiel up the stairs, all the while pinching Castiel in the ass. “Stop it, Dean.”
Dean spread out the sleeping bags and talked to Donnie and his friends for a while when suddenly Castiel and Amelia came through the door. Notwithstanding that they both tried to look and behave normal, Dean took one look at Castiel and immediately knew very well that the two of them in fact hadn’t just “taken a tour through the castle” as they claimed, but rather had extended that “tour” to their bodies.
Dean smirked. “I think that can be arranged,” he said, and gave Castiel a small peck on the lips before he started licking and kissing Castiel’s neck again.
“I’m going to take a shower now, so should you. If you feel like joining me, feel free to do so. But I also won’t get mad if you want to enjoy lying in bed for a little bit longer, just don’t fall asleep because otherwise I’ll definitely wake you up, and not in a fun way. Because I’m definitely not going to lie next to you as long as your body is still covered with my cum. I won’t take long. Oh, and… I love you.” Castiel said before he put another kiss on Dean’s lips and left for the bathroom.
” Dean whimpers, both from pain and neglect. He’s been straining for so long now and with no release. This angel is torturing him just so he can hear him beg for him.
First they have to stop at the gas station down the street to get any other food or water and some gas. Of course, as soon as he leaves their driveway, some zombies are looking towards them. Dean doesn’t want to have to quiet Baby down, but then again this is the end of the world.
His hand crunches as Cas forces him to the ground, squeezing his hand. The cries of pain turn into laughter as John looks up at Cas, who wears a stoic face. “All you queers are the same..” but before he could elaborate, the angel knees him in the face, knocking him out.
Dean looks outside to check on Sam and how he’s doing and sees that he’s on the last jug. He smiles and turns back around, being met with an ugly, disgusting and horrible smelling zombie. Dean freezes out of shock, slowing him down for when he stumbles to grab his knife. The rotting corpse lunges towards him with an animalistic screech, bringing Dean to block it with his arms raised and eyes squeezed shut. He can feel his legs and arms shaking, feeling glad he just used the bathroom before this.
Dean nods again and takes his layers off, unclothed back now facing his best friend. He shivers, taking note of how cold the bunker is and thinking about adding a heating system. His thoughts are interrupted when he feels two warm hands touch his back,
The angel fights back by rocking his hips into Dean again, making the man let out a soft moan. He’s rewarded with a playful glare. “Oh you ass,”
Dean reassures him by holding his hand. “It’s alright, I got this part. While you.. wait for me.. um…” he rubs his finger on the soft top of his hand. “Do you think you can get your wings out..? I wanna see them…”
Dean frowns. “I still wish you’d told us. I woulda fought tooth and nail to get you outta that deal,”
“N-No, it’s fine C-Cas,” he feels so weak at the sound of his voice. He must have been screaming for a while, he can’t imagine how scared Cas must have been. The angel nods.
He decides to start packing. Again, he’s seen apocalypse movies. They’re lucky their dad is a veteran and a huge paranoid nut, so he has tons of guns and duffel bags, backpacks, medical shit, all that crap. Of course they’re going to stay at the house, but something might happen that brings them to a hasty exit.
Dean moans deeply against Cas’ lips as he releases, everything buzzing as Castiel continues to use him, going faster and faster with each thrust. Dean feels like a toy and it makes everything so much better, so much hotter.
Dean sets a tray down in front of Cas, who's sitting on their new couch in the Dean Cave. The ex-angel squints in confusion.
“I got this, Sam.” he then hangs up and holds his gun close to himself, no intention to use it, just on instinct.
Sam bursts into the room and sees Cas on top of Dean and him all bloodied. He immediately brings his gun out and shoots his shoulder, making Cas cry out and fall to the ground holding the wound.
After they got Cas back, Jack came back to see him again after missing his father. He even gave him a soul, so Cas is a full-blown human that can go to heaven and everything now. The thought of spending eternity in heaven with Cas after growing old with him brings Dean a big warm smile.
The hunter nods sleepily and falls back to sleep, nuzzling into Cas’s neck as he’s held. His last thought before he passes out is “
Sam glares at John. “If it makes you feel any better, she died six years ago. I don’t see why it’d be a problem anyways, there’s nothing wrong with it.”
He tosses and turns all night, letting out cries for help or refusal, repeating “no” into his pillow or the motel room. He often wakes up screaming with tears on his cheeks, small pools of sweat on his mattress and messy, ragged sheets.
Their lips meet for a soft kiss, eyes fluttering shut as they move together at a slow pace before pulling apart.
Dean grabs more of Cas’s wings, causing him to get pushed into again. The actions repeat until they go for another round, screams and moans of each other’s names echoing down the halls of the bunker.
The nephilim looks to Dean with concern, those same eyes of worry that Cas would always give him. It hurts, having your love’s son that mirrored him so much with you while he’s not here.
Dean’s breathing is shaky, he can feel the angel’s breath on his lips. “C..” He mumbles weakly. “please..”
Dean only grumbles and sits up, rubbing his eyes. He stretches out his back with a crack and a moan of relief before meeting his hands to his lips, groaning once he finds dried drool there. He turns back to Cas and notices the the small pool there.
“I never have, and I never will. I hated being around you the moment I saw your soul in hell,” Dean claws at the flannel around his arms. “I
But before he knows it, Dean is waking up in his bed, still screaming as he swiftly sits up in a panic. He feels a hand touch his arm and flinches, turning to see an
Castiel then starts tearing his own clothes off while Dean mirrors him, leaving them both naked. The demon pushes Cas into the middle of the room before shoving him into the chair, getting on his knees in front of the angel’s open legs. The sight of his throbbing cock in front of him is enough to make him metaphorically wet.
Dean nods into his shoulder, still grasping onto his coat like it’s his last string of faith. And, in a way, it is. He tries to speak again but Cas hushes him, running his hands through his hair softly.
The hunter runs his tongue along the tip as he sucks, earning Dean beautiful whimpers from the angel. The hunter goes further, hitting his throat, and Cas has to pull away. The sight of Dean looking up at him from the floor nearly kills him, the way he’s littered with cuts, bruises, bites and other marks. The marks Cas gave Dean himself.
“You’re so beautiful,” Cas murmurs, and his thumb traces over Dean’s lips, pushing on the lower one until they part for him. “I crafted every inch of this body. Every molecule of you is made with my love. Can you feel it?”
Slowly, Cas takes the knife, studying the space. “You all wrote your initials,” he says. “I don’t have…”
Jacks nods. “All the souls where they belong. I made sure Kevin and the others made it specifically.”
“And you’re…okay with that?” Sam sounds skeptical as he stands, taking a seat opposite Dean. Miracle’s head drops down onto her paws again, her tail still whacking Dean’s leg.
“Another lie, it seems. I suspected as much, but I had to be sure.” She doesn’t seem particularly angry about it. Dean can relate. It’s pretty much how he’s come to feel about all of Chuck’s lies and manipulations. It’s not worth it.
Dean doesn’t linger. His skin still burns from the shower, but he doesn’t feel revived. He still feels drained. He doesn’t bother trying to shave; his hands are shaking badly enough that he’s afraid to pick up the razor. No more drinks, he reminds himself. Not yet. Not until he knows.
“Would that be too much for you?” Cas rocks his hips back, presses the head of Dean’s cock more firmly against his hole, circling it in a tease. “I need you to tell me, Dean.”
“Good boy,” Cas says, and Dean moans. It startles them both, and Dean’s eyes pop open to see Cas’s equally wide. “Um. Is that alright?”
“And you claimed him,” Dean says. “Fair and square.” He holds up his fist, grace shining through the gaps in his fingers. “Here he is.” He shakes it towards the Empty. An offering. “Everything angel, you get. But the rest? He’s mine.”
Cas’s hand goes to his throat, gingerly feeling the bandage. He opens his eyes, blinking sleep out of them, and squints at the ceiling. “I feel…fuzzy.”
His voice breaks. Sam is watching him carefully, and Dean can’t meet his eyes. Not fully. “You should have heard him, man. No one…shit,
Dean shrugs. “Earth is where it’s happening. I’m sure Jack wants to spend time with his mom, but heaven’s gonna be heaven, no matter what he does to it. Here, we’ve got a chance to do something with our lives. And I think the kid just wants to be a part of that.”
pressing the digit in deeper, rubbing the pad of it against Dean’s tongue, and Dean closes his eyes and sucks hard for a moment before pulling off with a pop. He shuffles forward a little, taking a moment to grimace and adjust himself in his jeans, giving in enough to pop the button and tug down the zip, relieving some of the pressure before he takes Cas’s cock in hand again, pulling it away from his stomach. The first lick to the rubber has him pulling a face – it’s not nasty, but not great – and then melting when Cas starts petting at his hair and face again. “Whenever you’re ready, Dean. Show me how good you can be for me.”
He meets his own eyes in the mirror. They’re watery now, but Dean doubts Miracle will judge. He opens his mouth, and then closes it again. He works his jaw a few times, but his throat still gets caught, choking on silence. But he keeps trying, until he can get out the words.
Sam nods. “I love her,” he says, and it’s not really a confession when he’s said as much before, but that doesn’t matter right now.
Cas stretches to set his mostly-empty coffee cup on the nightstand – giving Dean a mouthwatering view of his back and shoulder muscles flexing in the process – and then ambles over to the dresser while Dean tries not to ogle Cas in just white boxers. Oh yeah, he’s gone in
done with the sacrifices. Cas was the last one. “You think it doesn’t hurt like hell? I’m the one who sent him there. I’m the one…” Fuck, he can’t say it. “I’m the one who made him happy,” he finishes, and it’s true but it sounds lame on his tongue. Miracle whines, and he scratches her behind the ears.
Cas smiles at him, and yeah, that’s probably never going to stop making Dean melt. He bends back over the table and scratches in the four lines that make up the “W,” right in the space below his name, and then digs in the point firmly into a period, as if for emphasis. Dean can’t help himself; he leans over Cas, covering the hand with the knife, and when Cas relinquishes it he turns the period into a little, slightly-lopsided heart. Cheesy, but it feels appropriate.
The pressure on his chest lets up, and Dean has to seize the base of his cock, squeezing hard, because this is pretty much the hottest thing he’s ever seen – he tries not to think about Cas, ten or so years ago, pinning Dean to a wall with righteous fury, and the way Dean’s cock had responded, the way he had
“Yeah, we did,” Dean grins. When Cas doesn’t look at him, still looking around like he’s trying to find something to clean them with, Dean squeezes his arm again and says, “Hey. Look at me.”
A jingle starts from down the hallway, and Cas frowns as Dean laughs. “By the way,” he tells the ex-angel, whose narrowed eyes fix on the doorway as Miracle finally decides to make a reappearance from wherever she’s been hiding, “we totally got a dog.”
The words steel something in him, and Dean licks a long stripe up the underside of Cas’s cock, taking the time to trace back along the vein, then up under the head again, toying with the frenulum (is that what it’s called?) because when he does, the tremor wracks Cas’s entire body and he has to hunch over, his hands hard against the back of Dean’s head. He pants, and Dean grins, pressing teasing kisses to the head, sucking at it just a little as he gets the hang of it. He’s had a threesome before, and of course cocks are going to touch – as a demon, he hadn’t even cared, had definitely done some grinding on Crowley solely for the various triplets’ benefit – but this is his first time really being so up close and personal with one that isn’t his own. It’s…it’s kind of awesome, actually, and Dean rewards himself for this discovery by opening his mouth and taking the head of Cas’s cock onto his tongue.
“Yes.” Jacks punctuates it with a nod. He doesn’t brighten all the way, but some of the weight leaves him. “I would like that.”
Jack nods in understanding. It’s very serious and dignified, befitting a nephilim-slash-very-briefly-God, and it’s kind of ruined by the half-finished pizza on his plate and the splotches of sauce on his white shirt, in spite of the napkins. “That’s good.”
“Shh,” Cas releases his jaw in favor of running the backs of his fingers tenderly over Dean’s cheeks. “It’s alright, Dean. Can you show me?”
I meant to you. And I wanted…Cas, I wanted so badly to say something but words…they were so fucking hard, because all I could see was you leaving again. So I’m saying it now, okay? And I don’t care if it’s rushed or awkward or what, because I was supposed to say this days ago, alright?”
And then she’s gone, and Dean’s sitting in the room alone. He stands up, stretches, and wanders out into the bunker for a change of clothes and a proper shave.
From it clatters metal, and Dean stares at the angel blade. He has no idea when or how it manifested, but it’s there, in the middle of his bedroom floor, and finally he picks it up and sets it on the nightstand on top of the tie. The beige fabric he holds in his lap, bunched up in his fists, and at least this time it isn’t covered in blood or goo or any other sign of Cas’s most recent brush with death.
He looks at Cas, and when he speaks, it’s too quiet for anyone else in the loud room to hear. But Dean’s right next to Cas’s ear, and Cas hears it just fine. “I’m thinking beach vacation. Toes in the sand. What do you say?”
“No demon deals? No…calling the queen of hell asking for a favor? No sending word up to heaven, to your son, looking to make an exception?”
Cas’s expression softens, and his voice is a low rumble when he murmurs, “Tell me what you want, Dean. Tell me what would make you happy.”
They’ve got all the basic ingredients they need, and some of the more exotic ones too. The rest, well. Dean has his sources. Rowena still isn’t answering her phone but he gets a text message for an address and a promise that it isn’t hexed like some of her other caches are. It’s not too long a drive, and Baby could use the exercise. He even lets Miracle ride in the front seat, which she loves, sticking her head out the passenger-side window, mouth open, panting into the wind. Dean feels it catching on his elbow, propped out the driver-side window, and lets it whisk through his hair. In the best way, he thinks this might be pretty damn close to flying.
Cas nods in agreement and stretches absently, rolling his shoulders and cracking his neck, and Dean becomes all too aware of how dry his mouth is. He coughs. “I, uh, I’m going to head to the kitchen. You’re probably hungry, right? Human and all? Yeah.” He nearly trips over Miracle, walking backwards towards the door. “I put your clothes in the basket, but you can borrow some of mine. You know. Until we can get you…yeah.” He just catches Cas’s raised eyebrows before he makes it out the door. “What?” he says to Miracle’s definitely judging eyes. “He’s been human all of two hours, I’m not jumping him before he’s had a chance to settle in.”
. Dean’s balls are tight and aching, and he has to fumble a hand down, tugging on them through the cotton just for a little relief, trying not to pant at the way every touch right now is like a live wire going straight to his core.
“Yeah.” Dean nods. “Tell her I love her, okay? And I’m sorry. For everyone still up there. And I’ll see them on the slow way ‘round.” It’s all he really can say. He doubts, somehow, that he’s headed for hell, ‘soul touched’ or otherwise. He doubts Jack would stand for that ‘rule,’ and he’s pretty sure he’s led a good life. He’s tried, at any rate, and hopefully that’s what matters.
“Kind of put in the hours,” he says. “Hell, technically I’ve been doing this, what, four decades, give or take?” Cas makes a soft sound of acknowledgement. “Kind of think I’ve earned a retirement.”
“Yeah. He’d have made a halfway decent God, too. Which is probably why he’s giving the whole thing up, more or less.” Billie actually sounds impressed, maybe even a little fond. Jack has a way of doing that to people. For the devil’s son, he grew on you.
And maybe there was a time when Dean would have just been okay with that. God knows his mental health hasn’t always been stable (and Dean’s going to ignore the irony of that phrase). He remembers a couple years ago - Cas gone, everything empty and hollow - killing himself on a case and thinking that it was okay whichever way it went. It hadn’t scared him then, but it sure as hell scares him now, thinking like that. Cas fucking died for him. What kind of shitty repayment is it if Dean gives up all this, his brand-new
He swallows hard as he presses the pad of the first finger against Cas’s hole, circling it gently. Cas moans, and his legs fall even wider, and Dean takes that as a sign of encouragement. “Gonna put it in now,” he murmurs. “Just relax for me, sweetheart.”
it over? Chuck’s gone, but that doesn’t mean the nasty just disappears. He settles for an echo: “it’s okay.” It’s okay. If he says it enough times…
It might still be stupid. Dean won’t pretend that people don’t do stupid things for love all the time, regardless of whether or not the universe is pulling the strings. Hell, Cas is a walking manual in the concept. But it’s Dean’s kind of stupid. The kind of stupid that could make him go from suicidal to laughing in a cowboy hat in no time flat, and Dean needs that. He’s gonna cling to that hope for as long as it holds out, and he’ll cross any other bridges when he comes to them.
“You- you’re agreeable,” Dean manages, in the least effective comeback ever. Cas smirks against the rim of his coffee, and it’s really not fair that his lips are so pink and tempting. Not to mention the fact that he’s
Eventually, he caves, picking up the pile of Cas’s clothes and rooting through the pockets. Dean doesn’t know who stripped him and tucked him in in just his boxers (Dean is guessing, because the shoulder peaking out from under the blanket is just bare skin, and there’s no underwear in the clothing pile), but he’d willingly bet it was Eileen. He leaves the shoes at the foot of the bed, twisting the blue and white striped tie around his hand for a minute before setting that aside too. The dress pants and cheap suit jacket – pockets empty – and white button down get placed gingerly in Dean’s laundry basket, along with Cas’s socks, and then Dean picks up the trenchcoat.
He lunges, his teeth bared in a snarl, but Billie holds up a hand, stopping him in his tracks as surely as if she’d magicked him. “I come in peace, Dean.”
“You said they’re almost done sealing up the Empty?” Eileen asks. “This is your only chance to get him back, right?”
Well. Hopefully it won’t kill him. And hopefully it won’t take a shrink. But he’s willing to put in the effort. That’s the point.
“Clean slate.” Billie gives him a pointed look. “No more spells, Dean. If he walks into traffic tomorrow, that’s the end of it. Capiche?”
“Not sure there’s anything stupid to do.” Not for lack of looking. “Jack said…he said they’re cleaning it all up. There’s spells and shit, but.” He takes a deep breath. “Even if they still work, the Empty took Cas personally. I don’t think there’s a ritual out there powerful enough for me to spring him.”
and for the love of…well, for the love of Jack, actually, didn’t anyone tell the kid about his dad? Dean snorts and claps a hand on Jack’s shoulder as Jack stares down, over the railing, to where Cas is standing below. “About that,” Dean says. “Kinda did it myself. Figured it was about time, right?”
“There you go,” he says, straightening up and closing the blade. He stows it back in his pocket and runs his hand over the table. “Yeah.” Looks good. Looks right.
Cas hesitates, like he doesn’t quite believe it, and Dean promises himself again. “You…you told me you loved me too,” Cas says slowly. “That you wanted to be with me.”
“Uh-huh.” Dean stretches for the glass he has out, just out of easy reach. One glass, he’d told himself, the whiskey bottle safely back on the shelf where it belongs. The urge to just go for the bottle, glass be damned, is strong, but Dean’s planning a long life out of sheer stubbornness if nothing else, and his liver’s pretty pickled as it is. He swallows half of what’s left and sets the glass down again. “She’s all ours.”
It’s something, anyway, and Dean really needs that something. For the hell of it, he even swings by the local mechanic shop. It’s a tiny place, like a lot of Lebanon, run by a butch woman named Diana, and Dean almost never goes in there except when he needs parts because she’ll order them for him through the shop’s system, but he was pretty sure he remembered her saying something about looking for a new mechanic because her current one’s a kid about ready to leave for college (her kid, and he looks just like his mom, Diana’s partner, who is leggy and blonde and reminds Dean of his own mom, if his own mom were covered in tattoos and dressed like she shopped exclusively from vintage catalogues) and what the hell. It’s not like Dean has a lot of marketable skills – or a social security number he can use, or even a resume – but Diana knows him, and she and Meredith like him, and if Dean’s really serious about giving up hunting he’s got to find
Even once his usual getup is washed, Cas seems pretty content to just leave it stashed in Dean’s dresser. He’ll wear the button-down, usually with Dean’s jeans, but mostly he borrows sweats and t-shirts and flannels. If Dean is putting off clothes shopping, that’s just because seeing Cas in his clothes does things to him, sexy and otherwise, and he really doesn’t think anyone should blame him for that. The trenchcoat Cas keeps, though, hung up lovingly and donned whenever Cas leaves the bunker. Dean gets it. You wear something for twelve years, you might get a little attached. It’s a reminder that, for all Cas is human now – the silver-white scar on his neck visible proof of it – he was an angel once. His other stuff stays in Dean’s room too, mixing in with Dean’s crap like it belongs there. Dean loves his Memory foam, but he’s definitely going to get a bigger mattress, if only because he’s way too old to be falling out of bed in the middle of the night (or in the middle of sex) because Cas decides to flip him and overshoots.
Dean’s going to die. He’s going to fucking die. He’s got to be leaving bruises on Cas’s arm but he can’t make himself let go. “Cas, please.”
Eventually, he gets off his ass. He gets dressed. They need food, so he does a grocery run. It’s…it’s really fucking good actually, in a bizarre way. It doesn’t fix anything in Dean, but there’s something soothing in the methodical process of throwing shit in the cart, picking out a leash and a couple little doggie bandanas and crap for Miracle because fuck yeah he’s going to spoil her, he’s going to spoil her so damn hard so that she likes him better than Sam because that would just be hysterical. Dean has never claimed to be the dog person, has a complicated history with dogs but honestly? This could be fun.
books, came to the conclusion that he had to be fucking his brother. Like, he knows Cas isn’t in them – at least, not the officially published ones – but come on. It’s not like he hasn’t had chemistry with plenty of people in the past.
He wonders if he should hate himself for that, breaking Cas. He knows Chuck meant him to. And he feels guilty, yeah. But…if that’s the one thing that made Cas truly free, Dean can make peace with it.
Dean gives half a shrug, biting into his burger with a groan. Two days without eating – longer without a proper meal – really is way too long, even if he was sleeping for most of it. He swallows and answers, “I swung by Cas’s room when I got up. He’s still out, but he looks okay. Color’s good. I figured I had time to eat.”
“Don’t worry about the Empty,” Dean says. “It got you, it had you, and now it’s going to give you back.”
Finally, Cas looks properly wrecked. His pupils are blown and from the look of it, Dean’s not going to have to tease him much to get him fully hard. His voice shakes a little when he asks, “I assume you have lube?”
Dean just nods. Fucking figures. He’s got actual freedom now, and the one thing he wants to do with it…
He shakes the thought off. He can’t change the past. He can’t change the things he didn’t ask, the times he didn’t think about what Cas wanted. All he can do is change the future, and if when Cas wakes up he wants a fleet of pickup trucks or the ugliest classic car in the world (well. Top ten ugliest, at least) Dean’s gonna make that happen for him. Whatever makes Cas happy.
Dean closes his eyes, hard. It takes three seconds to shove everything down enough to open them again. Jack has that stupid fucking hand raised and everything, just like he always does, sitting next to Dean instead of across from him because the kid has his father’s sense of space. The kid has Cas’s everything.
and “are you okay???” and “spill, now” messages pop up on screen. He leaves Cas to it, circling the table to the rhythmic clicking sound of Cas typing, and runs his hand over the smooth wood, staring at the letters.
Dean swears again, fumbling blindly for the lube. He finds it, nearly snapping the cap off entirely in his haste, and probably pouring way too much over his fingers. Is there such thing as too much lube? He doesn’t think so; he’s only done this to himself once or twice, and once or twice when there was a girl who wanted to try anal, but he’s pretty sure the slicker the better. He sits back, and Cas doesn’t need any encouragement to part his thighs, hips tipped up invitingly. With his clean hand, Dean pauses, grabbing the extra pillow and nudging Cas until he can prop it under his hips. That’s definitely a thing he’s seen. Should make this easier.
Cas blinks, raising his eyebrows, but there’s nothing teasing in his smile when he murmurs, “We’ll talk about it first. Right now…” And then his hand is on Dean, dropping the belt to the floor in favor of cupping Dean’s crotch, squeezing the bulge, and Dean goes weak in the knees, fumbling backwards for something to hold onto. He manages to find the door handle and his jacket, and neither has the purchase he really needs.
Jack’s eyes light up as he clutches the knife to his chest. He doesn’t question Dean, just bolts for the library, and Dean snorts out a laugh. Cas gives him a look. “What? He’s a kid. I’m not gonna make a production out of it.”
Cas returns with the napkins, and they all sit down for the meal. Dean scoots his chair close to Cas’s, enough that he can reach out and touch him every so often, bumping their shoulders together and stealing Cas’s toppings because it’s cute when Cas glares. They’re close to done when Jack seems to register the change, and he frowns, squinting and tilting his head so much like Cas that Dean nearly nudges him again to point it out. Jack looks back and forth between them, brow furrowing deeper. “You’re…different.”
Dean sniffles, nose stuffy from near-crying, chuckling weakly. “Have I ever told you that you’re really dramatic?”
Though, the little sounds Dean makes doesn’t help. But soon enough, a pair of black oil-slick wings emerge from the angel’s back. The feathers are a deep rich black with a rainbow sheen like the sun shining on a puddle of gasoline. He can hear Dean let out a sound at the sight of them. They’re big, not as big as Michael’s, obviously, but they’re just a bit smaller. Which is big for an angel that isn’t an archangel.
“You did this to me, Dean. To everyone.” Dean’s face is replaced with horror as he notices blood pool from Cas’s chest, blooming across his white shirt like a flower. “Why would you do this to me?” The angel asks with pain resting on the tip of his tongue.
“Yeah? Well I can still kick your ass, hot shot.” The older hunter says with a smirk before punching his brother’s arm.
. Hearing the angel repeat his name like a broken prayer fills him with pure ecstasy, he rocks his hips hard in response causing the chair to fall back onto the floor, knocking them both down as well.
loves me, way more than you could ever even begin to imagine what love might even look like,” he huffs. “Sure, I get fucked by him, but you know what? It’s
The demon moves the finger in and out continuously, matching the movements of his head as he swallows Cas almost whole. The angel lets out a deep moan as Dean uses his free hand to grip the base of Cas’s cock, biting his hand to try and keep his composure. As Dean enters a second digit he lets out a deep moan, sending vibrations straight to the angel’s dick. Castiel reaches over and grabs Dean’s hair, pulling on it and directing where to go. The feeling of Cas’s warm hands on his scalp and pulling on his hair tightly with every moan is enough to drive Dean crazy.
The angel continues to run his hands along Dean, spreading the soap around the body Cas has come to worship, love and praise.
The angel moves back to Dean and hangs over him, gulping when he sees him take the fingers out. The human hands Cas the bottle,
for you. Your only purpose is to keep your little brother alive and you can’t even do that one little thing.”
He shoves Cas in the back seat and puts the special cuffs on him. Once Dean gets into the driver's seat he lets out a long sigh, grabbing his phone to call Sam as he rubs his neck. He picks up almost immediately.
. So you can go shove your stupid homophobic opinion right up your ass, you understand that?” He points to Cas. “Cas taught me that I’m actually worth way more than you raised me to believe, he actually shows his love for me instead of just saying it, which,
so much. And I know this is random and out of the blue and cheesy and on my freakin birthday, but it just hit me that I honestly, truly and deeply love you so much, Cas. I love you.”
He slams the door to the car closed and runs up to Cas, who’s currently talking to what looks like another angel, feeling like he’s walking in air. As soon as he gets to Cas he spins him around and pulls him into a big bear hug. For a second the angel is confused and tries pushing him away until he recognizes the familiar smell of old wood.
“On your hands and knees.” he orders. He can see the mix of shock and arousal reach Dean’s face before he hastily flips himself around to place himself on his elbows and knees.
He thinks back to the spare coat he gave him, the memory still clear in his mind as if it’d just happened yesterday.
His feathers remain ruffled from surprise, inches away from the touch of Castiel. The angel wears a face of embarrassment and guilt, feeling regret for not warning Dean about the side effects of the wings.
John reluctantly gets off Sam, keeping the knife pointed towards him just in case. The younger of the two turns towards him, gesturing to his face with a sarcastic smile, dirt coating the left of him. His face drops with his hands.
Over in the library of the bunker, Sam, Jack and Eileen sit at the table closest to the map room. Gifts of many sizes litter the table, Jack’s being some-what obvious for he doesn’t know how to wrap gifts. Eileen’s are carefully and neatly wrapped and Sam’s are a bit messy but he knows Dean won’t care. A few other gifts sit at the end of the table, all from other friends. Sam would have invited them but he knows Dean doesn’t like big things for his birthday, let alone having people celebrate it.
Dean eyes Sam before pressing the button to open the garage and driving. “Music is vital, Sam.” he says before pressing the pedal. The younger Winchester sighs and mumbles Yeah, sure and tries to get comfortable with one of the books he brought for their drive.
“Alright Sammy, I’m gonna run inside to grab snacks and all that. You can start filling up the car, right?” Sam nods. “Okay, and if you can, fill the jugs. I don’t know how many stops for gas, or anything, we can make when going north.” Dean rises a bit but only to a low crouch.
Dean mumbles a lazy morning back and stretches his back with a groan and an echoing pop. He can feel the weight of all this putting a toll on even his muscles. Not so much a hero without all your strength.
He turns to Dean and the very sight of him makes his heart drop to his stomach. The human has two slicked fingers inside him, moving at a rhythm. He lets out sharp gasps and moans as he imagines the fingers as the angel’s.
“We haven’t done this yet, and we’ve been together for several months now. I figured it’d be good to have some kind of change.” He snaps his hips into Dean with a cheeky grin, knowing it caught the hunter off guard.
The angel finishes washing Dean, which ends in the hunter blushing so red he looks like a strawberry due to some spots Cas insisted had to be cleaned. Castiel quickly rubbed some soap on himself too and they both rinsed off before finally exiting the shower, towels waiting for them next to their clothes.
Dean rests his hand at the base of his neck in a panic, focusing on breathing but he can’t find it. It’s like his lungs just left him. A spell? Hex? Possibly.
He lazily rolls away from Cas and throws the comforter off of him, getting up to grab a change of clothes. The angel takes a moment to look at his lover, freckles littering his back and arms barely visible due to the light, but the memory of their exact spots engraved into his mind. The way his shoulder blades urge to touch as he stretches out his arms with a strained groan, swearing under his breath once he hears a loud pop. Castiel can’t help but smile at how perfectly human he is.
” he huffs, straightening himself up before looking to his father with hard eyes. “I don’t need someone to protect me, sir,” he can almost feel Cas’s hurt. All the way’s he’s going to apologize to him later are racing through his head.
“Yeah? What’d you get me,” he mumbles against his angel’s chest, humming quietly in content at the feeling along his scalp.
Dean groans in defiance. “Why do you always ruin the mood, I wanna cuddle,” he says before smushing his face into Cas’s chest again with a small noise.
Cas rolls his eyes playfully. “Yes, but the least they could do is check the attic where they left their son.” The hunter hums again in response, squeezing his arms around Cas. “Are you falling asleep Dean?”
“I love you too, Dean.” and only moments later his breathing slows, and his quiet snores fill the room.
“Good,” he says, so low it could be a whisper. “Now.. did you also read in on how to get rid of the wings..?”
His father grabs his chin, bringing it close to his face. “You can’t keep a single damn person alive, can you? They all die, haven’t you noticed? You’re a
Sam sighs. “But really, I’m really glad you’re here for him. I’ve never been good at helping him through stuff so I’m glad you’re able to do that. And I know that.. my father isn’t accepting of this kind of stuff, especially if it means Dean’s happy, but don’t listen to the stupid shit he says,” Cas smiles at his words. “You’re good for Dean, you really are. I know you love him a lot and I trust you to take care of and help him,”
“Dude, this is amazing,” Dean says as he moves the wings around, occasionally knocking something over on accident. “Thanks, man.” He brings his hands to the silky feathers again. “These are so soft, you’ve gotta touch em’,” he turns to the angel.
Dean grumbles before looking at all the gifts, which were all in soft packaging meaning clothes. There was one more that was a small box, which peaked Dean’s interest some more and made his heart race.
He pockets the keys and opens the fridge to try and make something good, sighing as he pulls out milk and sets it on the counter, following with getting a bowl, spoon and cereal box. There goes his chance at a good final meal. He hears footsteps behind him and panics, taking out his knife and turning around swiftly.
Cas steps into the Ma’lak box after letting go of Dean, lying down. He can see Dean choking back tears, ready to break down.
Once the soap is finally all out, Castiel places a small kiss on Dean's wet forehead and goes to grab the body wash, but is soon stopped.
“Yeah, you need lube, first off, and you need to prep or it’ll hurt like hell,” Dean blushes. “This ain’t my first rodeo up the ass..”
Dean frowns. “Hey, it’s whatever. I don’t mind having my angel boyfriend growing old with me, alright?” he sets their shirts down and walks over to Cas, cupping his face. “I don’t care if you’re growing weaker, Cas, in case you think that. Chuck’s gone, there’s few angel’s and Heaven’s not doing so well power-wise either. If that means I have someone to grow old with, even if you’re already old as hell, I really don’t mind,”
He sniffs, nose runny and loud. “Hey, man,” Dean says with a heavy quiver. His voice is rough and hoarse. “Um, I just wanna say that..” his voice shakes. He feels his throat grow thick and eyes burn. “I just wanna say that I uh, I miss having you around, heh,” he chuckles weakly. “I’m uh.. hoping you come around soon, it’s pretty lonely here withou-“ he hears the sob in his voice. “It- It’s pretty lonely without y-“  and then it breaks out, and he can’t stop.
Castiel looks to the ground softly. “Well, yeah, you didn’t look like you felt the same way when I told you,”
He loves Cas’s gruff morning voice and the way his hair sticks all kinds of places and his stubble and how he’s always peppering kisses all over him and saying he loves him and what he loves about him and how much he loves him and why he loves him. He’s always cuddling Dean and giving him little massages and making him food and coffee and drinking with him and watching movies with him. And he holds him when he cries and talks to him when he feels hopeless and broken and unloveable, he holds him whenever he senses any form of sadness in Dean and is always,
Cas pours some on his fingers and positions himself, Dean craning his neck out of anticipation. “Ready?” he asks patiently.
The box had stopped shaking by the time they were at the spot they desired on the water. They had stolen a boat, of course.
Cas turns to Sam and glares at him. “You don’t want to be here for this, the process will bring your brother immense pain, and I will have to use my grace which will cause harm to your eyes.”
Dean hums against Castiel’s lips, his hands resting on the angel’s neck while Cas’s continue to rest on his hips. Dean groans when he hears his phone go off and pulls away from the angel.
“Goodnight, Sam, tell Eileen the same.” he says as he walks off, opening the door to their room as quietly as he can and setting Dean down on the bed softly.
Now, Dean was dreaming of everything. With everything happening, with Chuck planning on killing everyone he has left, it’s all crashing down on him.
Cas looks down at Dean, who’s staring at the TV excitedly, softly, running and twirling his fingers through the hunter’s hair gently.
Dean huffs out a laugh. “Oh my God… wait-“ realization hits Dean. “Does..” he looks at Cas softly, feeling more love for him than ever. “Does this mean you wanna grow old with me, Cas?”
“I’ll let you know when we’re about to leave-“ Sam runs a hand through his hair. “You know what, I’ll go now. I’m sure you want to be alone with Dean right now, and I know that he’s going to sleep for ages, so goodnight Cas.”
“Da..” He says quietly before getting interrupted by a hard slap to the face, sending him to the ground, legs feeling like twigs.
The angel grips Dean’s meaty thighs with desperation, forcing his eyes open just enough to see the beautiful faces the hunter makes because of him. The sounds Dean makes for him are more beautiful than any possible prayer or church bell to Castiel, especially when it’s of his own name.
Cas uses his other hand to try and wipe the blood off Dean’s face, making Dean close his eyes. “I’m so sorry Dean..”
Dean sighs in relief and nuzzles into Cas’s hand, eyes fluttering closed. “I really missed you, Cas…”
They lie there for several quiet minutes, both lost in their thoughts of each other as they sit together. After a while Cas chuckles, chest rumbling against Dean. He hums in question.
The angel stiffens. He knows what Dean is about to say, and he doesn’t want to hear it. He doesn’t want his biggest fears to become true.
“That’s right.” Billie must really be taking his word for it – that, or she’s got enough power now to really not care – because she turns her back on him, her eyes on the bookshelves, running a curious finger over the swords on display. “New and improved. All charged up and ready to go.”
“Mostly,” Billie acknowledges. She tugs on either side of her coat, adjusting it. “Everything in the Empty is back to sleep, including the Empty itself. The power over that realm has been consolidated, taken care of. Heaven and hell just have a few bugs left to work out, but that’ll be done sooner than later. Amara and Jack will probably be down here soon, and then it’ll mostly be me.”
But when Dean gets to his bedroom, he finds his door shut rather abruptly behind him, and he definitely doesn’t squeak in surprise at finding himself suddenly boxed in against it. He can feel the jacket with Cas’s handprint at his back, but that’s much less important than the intensity of Cas’s expression, his eyes bright and sly and his lips quirked into a smile as he stares Dean down. “It is an important question,” Cas says, and how the fuck does his voice get even deeper? Seriously, Dean’s heard Jimmy Novak speak, and the man wasn’t exactly a chain-smoker, so what the hell does Cas have going on with those vocal cords? The depth of it hits in primal parts of Dean’s brain as Cas tilts his head, eyebrows raised. “We did say ‘later,’ after all.”
Dean turned around and looked at Castiel, who was now standing upright in front of the car and looked at him, completely confused. “Dean, please… why didn’t you finish? I know I’ve been naughty, but this is just cruel!”
And all the while, Dean’s heart was beating fast, fast out of sorrow for losing his beloved one again very soon, fast out of joy that he still had this morning to touch, kiss, and caress Castiel, and it was beating fast out of fear, fear that something might happen that would prevent him from seeing Castiel ever again.
