“better now, can’t believe  that happened"tony said his voice a little scratchy ,and Bruce chose that moment to walk on ,he stood at the door before he realised something was amiss.
He knew they needed to talk, sort out their issues but what Steve really liked about Bruce is that he was always mature in handling things. Never was brash.
“Pepper mentioned that this happened at the museum and how you were able to calm him down a lot faster.” Steve just nodded not able to say anything.
Tony's POV
“I do remember things , just not why or whom" bucky explained to Bruce who also had seemed very interested in his metal arm.
It took all of Steve’s willpower to give his boyfriend the space he needed to recuperate before the debrief.  Just as the team assembled at the conference room, settling down into their chairs steve looked around at his team taking it all in, making mental notes.
Tony stood rooted near the bed , shock wearing off and he passed Steve a piece of gauze to help Bruce .
“that’s nice , you kids have fun" she said trying to urge them towards the approaching train. The sooner they were out of here the better.
“I…what?” he was completely unsure where this conversation was going, Steve had no idea about hacking he was not a techie and his mind was still reeling from the look on Tony’s face.
It had been an eventful two days. It was refreshing to be able to teach a fresh set of minds a few basic battle skills. Nat had especially loved the way she could boss around everyone with just her glare (even I could not handle the glare)
Tony sat next to him throughout the ride and Steve was just glad he was not asking him any more questions as they rode the bus in silence together.
“Tony sweetheart look at me ,come on” he asked as he spread his legs and got in between his cock lining up perfectly against his hole.
“get some sleep Steve, we will take watch. There is still another three hours atleast before we know anything” he said just before leaving the room.
“What is it?” he asked searching Tony’s eyes but Tony looked down and mumbled something  and Steve had to lift his chin up before asking him to repeat it
“thank you steve" she said sincerely
“Like what?” steve asked happy that Tony seemed more coherent now, talking normally.
“That’s not how it works, and you know it” Steve was surprised Tony was now using childish arguments. He was always used to Tony’s snippy smart answers.
He looked down to see that Tony was indeed wearing the pink briefs that he had bought him and gave a pat on his butt and Tony squirmed in his arms.
"please" he nodded yes.
“Okay , so first things first. Where does stane think Tony is right now?” steve asked
“it’s just natasha.”
Turning the corner, Steve ran smack into Bruce , the papers he was carrying went flying around them.
Bruce was absolutely right, and this was one thing Steve knew that had been worrying Tony and Steve had just made it ten times worse because he told tony that he is doing underhanded shit with his father’s company.
But worst of all he had been up all these nights because he felt absolutely terrible that he had done it with his minor boyfriend. Tony was his to protect and Steve had done the exact opposite. It had played over and over in his mind and it was made worse because Tony had pushed him away.
Unable to do anything that morning, Steve decided to go to school trying to keep his mind occupied until he recieved the report from Phil. He found Bruce first thing at the cafeteria sipping his coffee and looking at papers.
“I am done being nice" the nice suit-wearing man said before leaving the room. But Steve was already too out of it from the electricity that was coursing through his body, presumably through the chains holding him hostage.
“that’s because It’s a secret mission" also because he had to sign waivers and agreements with shield.
“Oh, sad I missed it" bruce said nodding towards
“The kid has got no sense of hand eye coordination,  what did you expect?” steve froze as he heard the second voice unable to place it.
“whatever happened to ‘you can call me anytime. No matter what the situation' that is applicable both ways obviously” he said slightly in a dramatic fashion trying to imitate Steve’s voice.
“Stane,” Steve started and the man whipped around facing him “I am truly sorry for what happened today. I am glad I was there to protect him but you were right he wouldn’t have stopped if it weren’t for me.” He could see fury, Natasha and Clint wanting to slam their palms into their foreheads.
Steve has never been more amazed by someone, not even when he used to spend time with Howard down at the lab. Tony’s creations looked nothing like the world was ready for.  Steve could spend his entire life just looking at the smile on Tony’s face as he explained and showed Steve around everything. Sixteen year olds barely even made it out of bed in the morning, and here Tony was making things that didn’t even seem to compare to the current best tech. He knew the child was a genius but seeing it like this was a whole new eye opener for Steve. They spent the next two hours down at the lab , Steve mostly being chased around by the little helper robot ‘dummy’ who kept tripping over things and was finally ordered by Tony to sit still on a stool while he was being shown around.
“Can you both drop by? Familiar faces will help”
“I saw Bucky today" tony flinched and he removed his arm that was resting on Steve’s waist.
“Did it work?”
“He needs to know we are his new family, until then he is going to have a hard time , but we are already here for him so we won’t let him take a hard fall okay?”
“Tony look at me” he asked
“We did it last night" he said his dopy smile not faltering  and Steve couldn’t resist the smile forming on his own face  and the relief of Tony being happy about it.
He gasped his eyes going dramatically wide as he placed his hands on both sides of Steve’s cheeks
“I am still obligated to report any incidents to a students guardian.” He said gently knowing how strongly opposed Tony had been to that idea the last time.
"Okay tony, just let us do one blood test, and then we will leave you be." Bruce said and edged closer to the nightstand as if to pick up something.
“shall we ask Bruce to get it while you and Steve settle down on the bed?” he whined trying to get closer to Steve
“I need you at my apartment stat” tony shook his head eyes wide
Said person was standing in the hallway behind them like she hadn’t just injured her ankle glaring at Tony but Steve knew there was no actual heat behind it. The team had come to become very protective of him whether tony knew it or not ,there wasn’t much Tony asked for and didn’t get from them.
“Okay, coming to the next thing on hand, why was tony stark involved with your mission?”
“Good, so I need you to follow my breathing and take a deep breath okay?” He said as he placed Tony’s palm against his chest and took an exaggerated breath eyes never leaving Tony’s.
“others okay?” tony asked as they exited the room and steve relayed everyone’s injury as tony nodded cataloguing the information in his head.
“So this wasn’t just one big dream then" tony said staring at Steve in awe while Steve placed a palm on his forehead wondering if he was sick. He felt fine. Warm, but that was from having just passed out on his desk in the middle of class.
So he casually shrugged and said “ I have a great metabolism I guess" he said
He walked over in quick strides, avoided touching him and holding out a hand to stop pepper from doing so. He crouched down to Tony’s eye level , he had his eyes screwed shut.
“Steve, breathe” he felt a hand on his shoulder and he wanted to laugh at the person because couldn’t they see? He was trying.
“next time is going to be when you turn eighteen”
“please" he pouted
“No school baby” he whispered “its saturday" the corner of Tony’s mouth twitched into a half smile as he snuggled back against Steve.
“Sit down, he’s fine.” Tony snickered as Clint sat down on the chair steve had previously occupied
"I am coming! Have you seen my tablet? I swore I left it on the nightstand, and now it's missing."
Bruce nodded, looking around to make sure no one was listening and then leaned in a little closer to Steve “a few months ago before tony joined this school, a bunch of suits showed up. Called themselves SHIELD.” Steve stopped chewing. “They told us that the boy was alive and was kept under witness protection because his parents did not die in an accident but was actually a murder.”
Just as he stepped out of the room, he was interrupted by a frazzled looking agent “captain, do you have a moment?” She seemed nervous and Steve figured she must be new around here. The new ones were always nervous around him.
“hey,” he was handed a glass of water that he quickly gulped down, he could feel the serum working as it tugged on the skin and muscles across his chest.
“Yup" he said brushing Tony’s hair off his face. He had a crease running along the skin of his forehead from where he had slept on Steve’s shirt and he leaned down to kiss it.
“I don’t care" was the reply he got in return and if that didn’t anger Steve then the careless way Tony slammed into one of the hallway doors to push it open did it.
He didnt speak a word ,nor look at Steve the entire ride back to shield. Not that steve was looking either. He didn't know why Tony had gone and gotten drunk or how often he does this. He had been doing well the past month in school, less detention and more focused on his science experiments with Bruce. The two were becoming close fast and Steve was just glad that he seemed to be staying out of trouble.
“ever since Bucky came back into my life, or the choice I made that day when Bucky was choking him right in front of my eyes , he has been afraid I’ll choose Bucky over him. And if I tell him now that Bucky murdered his parents, he won’t be okay with that.” Natasha’s face showed no surprise,  infact it was Steve who was surprised that she already seemed to know
“remember what we spoke about the other day, if it hurts or if I hurt you because of my strength you will tell me,  verbally.” He added the last bit again just in case and again Tony nodded but he also said “okay"
“Hey" he said sitting next to him. Tony giggled as Steve tickled him on his side pushing his hand away
"Did you have fun today?" I asked him as Happy pulled the car out of the parking lot.
“Damn right you are sorry! I am taking Tony back to boarding school. I don’t want to see him associated with anyone and I mean it , from shield. There will be absolutely no contact with him and I don’t want him asking questions about his past life , it took a damn hell of a effort to get the trauma of watching his parents die out of his mind. He doesn’t need more.”
“why did you think I was going to break up with you?”  he saw Tony stiffen a little before he shrugged it off
He felt cool cloth run over his face, mostly his eyes and voila! He could open them to see blurry figures showering above him.
“please? Just a little! I am sure my tolerance is still low and a small amount should be enough"
“What I do not understand is how would stane know about the three week mark and your friend with one arm?” thor asked looking at them generally and now Tony looked even more confused and when all eyes turned on him he balked , putting the bowl down panic taking over his facial features he looked up at Steve scrambling to get away but Steve quickly caught him holding him in place
"Humour me ,then" I looked up at him "please Tony"
Just two days away, but was I glad to be home! Entering the tower, the first thing I wanted was to go see Tony. I really did not want to leave him since the anemia situation. But sometimes somethings couldn't be avoided. I hadn't even spoken to him yet after the battle, Bruce had called a while ago saying they were at the debriefing. I sighed unhappily, knowing that was going to take a while.
“Okay, come on" he said helping tony sit up but Tony didn’t look like he actually wanted to go
“You asked me not to judge you that morning” she started and Steve stiffened in his seat his glance wavering to Tony who was now laying the ground feigning hurt as Clint hit him with the paint.
“hey, you are okay, we were giving blood when you passed out" he took a couple of seconds to process the information ,and then frowned trying to sit up. I placed my hand on his chest holding him down ,
“Steve, we need you to tell us exactly what all you are aware of.”
“only if there are cheeseburgers” steve smacked his face with his hands groaning as clint held up a brown paper bag with a grin “only the best ones" he said as the rest of team shuffled into the room. Bruce shaking his head in disapproval at all the equipment and IV lying around unhooked as he got to work on replacing everything back as steve held a squirming tony still. Natasha gave tony a quick kiss on his cheek and then smacked him on the head with the back of her hand.
“come here" he said and Tony shuffled over still not meeting his eyes and Steve wrapped his arms around the boy tucking his head under his chin.
“Okay, I got you. You are okay honey" he spoke nonsensical things hoping to keep him calm and pulled the pink material down to Tony’s thigh and his trembling worsened as he tried to curl away from him ,but Steve held him in place pulling him close and giving him as much comfort as he would seek .
Bruce smiled at him, “careful ya? Don’t want a beef like you slamming into sixteen year olds. They would probably be hurting a lot more than I am”
“I know” he said and Tony squirmed as Steve started kissing down his throat and his chest like he had done this morning. He let go of Tony’s wrists and fought a smile when Tony kept them there .
“Steeeeeve" steve chuckled as he took Tony’s shaking hand in his own and held it still
Tony backtracked like he had been slapped “I didn’t mean that I am sorry Steve I didn’t -"
“I’ll just let it be, it will be fine” he said scowling at Steve and Steve was getting tired and wanted to sleep but he wanted Tony in his arms when he was sleeping so the sooner Tony let him do this the faster he could get what he wanted.
It was dark, and cold and Steve couldn’t keep himself from shivering. He tightened his told on tony, as he tried desperately to breath and push against the massive pressure of the water . The water was swallowing him whole and he panicked unable to surface ,no amount of trashing was enough to get in even a minuscule amount of air he so desperately needed –
“Is this going to change things for you in anyway?”
“Have you been avoiding it because you were worried it was going to burn?” he asked they walked slowly together
“Good, nice to see you. It’s been a while" he said tugging on the chains experimentally.
He pulled his fingers out and Tony whined at the loss and emptiness and Steve shushed him and pulled him closer before finally releasing his own hard cock. He hadn’t wanted to scare Tony with his size .
Tony just looked at him ,he seemed like he wanted to say something but didn’t know if he should. So Steve did instead
“You know why he is doing this, he’s just trying to protect you.” Stevsaid gently
“it also doesn’t explain why howard decided to leave the company in the hands of a twenty one year old when clearly his business partner would be able to handle things better.” Nat said chewing on the end of a pencil. She was right, it didn’t explain why Howard didn’t leave even part of the company to stane.
“Yes fellow comrade. I am indeed fine. I just wish I had gotten here sooner as I would have thundered the people who captured you.” He said and there was a distinct sound of rumbling thunder to be heard outside and tony gave a little gasp as he turned to look out the window.
“Please go to sleep" he said
“Hmm?”
“Tony” he called out softly, not wanting to close the distance between them just yet. His eyes snapped up to meet his finally and Steve hated that look of unease and sadness they portrayed.
"Tony…did you get this looked at?"
“I have to go do my homework” tony said getting up suddenly as soon as the game was over and Clint whined but made his peace with it quickly.
Tony cursed , jumping down to retrieve it and Steve stayed perfectly still wondering if sleepwalkers were supposed to be so aware. Tony just calmly climbed back up and resumed tinkering with the now faceless microwave.
Steve walked around the corner finding an empty class room and sat down at the desk shutting the door behind before enabling the link on his phone.
“Tony has a lot of trust issues, he’s not the same as every other teenager. His mind doesn’t work the same as others, maybe you shouldn’t treat him like he is one of them and with your job he’s going to need more than kisses for assurance that you are okay" steve frowned at her not liking where this was going
“You need a break from me?” Steve shut his eyes mentally smacking himself now realizing how that must have sounded
“I know I am disgustingly dirty but I am not moving” he said tightening his hold on Steve and he could practically hear the pout in his voice and he chuckled
Tony had no idea the things steve would do for him, the moment he had found out that this was Howard’s kid, Steve’s world had turned upside down.
“shall we try the oxygen mask?” He asked bringing it closer and tony frantically shook his head moving away from it.
“Steve , you have to understand…” natasha started .
(See the end of the chapter for
“Right now, he needs you more than you think" was all she said before she left him standing there with nothing but a brush of her fingers against his arm.
“Stop it” he said and Steve changed his touch from ticking to a soft caress.
"Steve?" Tony asked quietly after a few seconds of silence.
“obie" he said quietly and Steve felt relieved and horrified at the same time.
“You don’t have to go back home today. Natasha will make sure it will be alright, just until we figure things out" Steve said softly but slowly so Tony can really register it in his mind.
“Steve can you here me? It’s tony” he wasn’t sure if he nodded or not but the person who asked him that was now shaking his shoulders.
He had made the choice for them, that was the thing . Even though tony had said he wanted it , steve knew he had no idea what he was asking for. Steve had made him cry and the evidence was still there on Tony’s face as he slumbered.
“I missed you too" he said slightly out of breath
“His friends know?” steve shook his head
(See the end of the chapter for
“hey” he said softly instead , closing the door behind him again as tony jerked awake completely , now grinning at Steve.
“Not when you are dying!” he huffed and this time Tony definitely flinched
“What’s going on?” he asked immediately concerned at the look on Tony’s face. Je looked extremely uncomfortable and his face was ever more flushed than before. His eyes snapped up as he heard Steve and he pulled the sweatshirt he had around his waist even closer like he was afraid of something.
He was expecting to be cut off even before he finished that sentence but this time tony only nodded and opened his mouth sighing softly “ I will be seventeen next month”
“Now" he left the room slamming the door behind him and he could Bruce’s disappointed look at him in his peripheral vision.
"Uhm the bar on 99th" he sighed, that was not too far from here.
“I am not hungry, you go. I’ll work on my homework” he said as he sat on the bed
“he's sixteen Steve" natasha said gently but it still hit me hard. Even though Steve knew it was wrong he couldn’t stop himself from feeling these things.
“Mr. Rogers?”
“Steve is missing his little one” thor promptly dropped the apple at that, a whine coming from Clint as his bow traced the path of the falling apple .
“What do you remember from the first two days after your surgery?” tony looked a little afraid of what answer steve was looking for
Stane and whoever this Rumlow character was , were going to have tough times ahead steve thought as tony melted against him allowing Steve to carry most of his weight.
“Yup" steve said as he eased his boxers down and Tony let him pull them off completely.
“that’s cool. Nice seeing you here" pepper waved at him
“It’s water with sugar and salt, you passed out Tony”
"I told you not to call him!" He heard the distinct whine from his younger lover and his face snapped towards it , glaring at him.
He was right he didn’t Actually  get to see Tony again, Natasha had shown up promptly before Steve third class was over not even letting him catch lunch with Bruce.
“Uhm, he’s been AWOL most of the day actually. Something about catching up with his homework?”
Sometimes steve wondered if that was why she took to Tony so well, she is more protective of him than steve is and it all came to Steve that it’s because she was Tony’s age when it had all happened. She sees tony as her younger self, wanting to protect him from all the wrong in the world and Steve was to be honest very okay with that.
I turned to look at Bruce who had been silent in this debate he seemed to be lost in his thoughts and this only worried me more because I knew Bruce zoned out when he was trying to make sense of something. "Bruce?You alright?" Nat asked as she followed my line of vision. "What?yeah,we really need to keep a better eye on Tony" and that's all he said as he walked out coffee in hand ,probably off to do some of his own lab work .Which made me feel better knowing Bruce would at least be around Tony while they were both working,just in case.
"Tony, we are home, you can go back to sleep once we go upstairs and change into something some comfortable. Come on "
Steve walked over to the closed bathroom door before knocking gently on it a few times
“That would be great thanks!” he heard Tony yelling as the TV switched on.
He was sure Tony had figured out what was coming next because the moment the gown was on, tony latched onto Steve’s hands “I have to pee" he said and Steve let him go because he didn’t want to make this harder than it already had to be
"take off your suit Tony" oh yes, the suit, this was going to be painful. I walked over to the station as jarvis said "sir you may want take a mild analgesic first" Bruce turned to me alarmed.
"No! I wanna go home" he said trying to get up and away from them
“I see you finally went to the nurse huh" Steve said as he signed an assignment and graded.
“Why didn’t you tell me this before?” he asked looking at him
“He is sixteen Steve” Natasha said gently, slowly like she wasn’t sure he had realised that yet. Gasping Steve fell to his knees as she took out the last one , the extended arm catching Steve’s face, on his right cheek drawing blood.
The next time Steve came to , it was much more pleasant. The healing factor in the serum taking care of everything.
“Okay, go on” Steve said motioning to the door as he picked up his stack of papers that tony had put on the floor
“I am sorry about your parents , I didn’t know.”
“he found some good friends" steve cracked a smile at that. It was true , he was really glad for those two right now.
Bruce seemed a little more excited at the prospect of Steve helping tony through this than Steve would have thought.
“would you be surprised if I said that I had always somewhat known?”
“I am achy and it really hurts down there” steve was going to probably hate himself for a while, he hadn’t even penetrated all the way,  maybe a quarter way and Tony was hurting so much but tony didn’t have to know that.
But his heart sped up when the door to his bedroom creaked open and Tony,  a very disheveled , grease stained Tony peeked his head inside trying to adjust to the darkness inside. He apparently didn’t notice Steve was awake and he carefully tip toed his way across the room and pulled on the covers by Steve’s feet before climbing in. Steve held back his laughter as much as possible as he felt his hair tickle the skin on his chest as Tony carefully snuggled his way up until his head emerged from the other side and Steve quickly closed his eyes pretending to be asleep.
His eyes landed on a cautious smile , “nat" he cringed at how raspy his voice sounded suddenly remembering what or why he was here , sitting in the cold. He looked down, to find tony asleep, head on Steve’s chest. Fingers grasping tightly at his shirt ,lips parted lightly .
“What happened? Are you hurt?” he asked trying to grab at Steve’s shirt at the bottom to pull it up. But steve held his hands down firmly
What he didn't care for was the language.
“Please, let me see” he said again as he reached for Tony’s shirt and pulled it up over his head.
“No!”
“Can you please make sure he stays put? And  get him something to eat ?” the agent nodded
“okay. Then head to gym.” He said because really he was not going to apologize for what he had said yesterday. Even today he would still say the same thing and his temper was not exactly in check at the moment. So he figured the talk can wait.
“Steve this is not funny! It really hurts and it’s your stupid fault and don’t kiss me when your hands are doing things to me down there" steve couldn’t wipe the grin off of his face even If he tried and Tony growled at him only getting more and more irritated.
“ I don’t want to stay here, I can let you take care of me at the tower.” He tried to sound adamant but it came out more as a request. Steve rolled his eyes, atleast he had won part of the battle.
Bruce sauntered in after a while looking dead on his feet and he had ended up on Natasha’s lap which was an odd sight to see.
“Is she going to be alright?” the gym teacher asked and he nodded as he helped her onto one of the beds and handed her a bottle of water.
“I’ll find out, he just needs a little time okay? It’s been a long two days for him.”
He trailed his fingers along his chest , stopping at his nipple and thumbing it gently and giving it a squeeze.
“Yeah, Tony said something about it being superficial?” he asked as he turned to give Bruce his full attention
“Anyone can do about it. I have heard that before. Try something different.” Steve deadpanned
“I’ll be seventeen in three months” he said and Steve had to raise his eyebrows in question
Steve apparently didn’t need coffee to get his day going, do Bruce’s tea was actually quiet appropriate for how fast his heart was beating now. Tony hand found his hand as he wrapped his fingers tightly around them and Steve found himself holding back tightly
Tony had fallen asleep a few minutes into Steve holding him, his breathing steady and deep from exhaustion. His lips ,dry and lacking it’s normal luscious pink, were parted slightly as he slumbered on.
“Okay, we need to get him to a hospital. We don’t have any supplies” Steve’s heart dropped as he sat down next Tony’s head stroking his hair.
“What?” Steve asked suddenly feeling self conscious
“ but I want you to know that you can share these kind of things with me okay? I don’t care if you are embarrassed , I was terrified today at school when you reacted the way you did and we could have avoided that if you had told me” Tony only nodded
“just doing my job" Steve said and the expression on Tony’s face immediately fell but Steve didn’t understand why.
“what is it?” he asked his fingers slowly making its way to Steve’s bare chest and Steve held his breath for a second while they roamed the expanse of his skin before settling around his waist.
“Almost done, look here” he said guiding Tony’s face to turn to the right and did the same to his other eye. Satisfied with what he saw he dropped the flashlight back into its little pouch.
He bumped into nat on his way up “you took him for a run? Steve the kid collapsed a week ago from exhaustion “she said her tone edging on dissatisfied and he shrugged
“Why don’t you want to go?” He asked staring at the kid.
He had a few cuts and scrapes on his arms and he seemed to be favoring his left leg. Steve took a step towards him and Tony pursed his lips and promptly took a step back. Hurt and worry marred Steve’s facial features before natasha called out for him.
I walked in after punching the code into the lock pad. Tony motioned for me to sit on the Chair in front of the desk.
“that made no sense whatsoever” tony stuck his tongue out at him
Tony started but Steve had sat himself and Tony up and was pulling the waistband of Tony’s pant below on his hip and Tony squeaked
“Either you show me, or I am going to call your parents. You could be seriously-“ tony huffed out a laugh turning to face him
The bell rang , shrill and loud snapping Steve out of his thoughts and he looked at the time surprised that the day was over. He packed up the papers except for Tony’s, which he slipped into his bag and headed towards Bruce’s lab, where he knew he would find Tony.
“Here, lay down” and Tony looked disappointed.
“Cant sleep” he said voice raw and now Steve was frowning trying to understand why Tony was being so stubborn about sleeping or how his body was even still functioning.
“you okay?” steve asked him, as he gently pulled on his elbow and brought him back to the chair he had abandoned and pushed him down into it. Tony shrugged his hands roaming up Steve’s chest before hooking them around his neck and pulled him down for a kiss. Steve took this as an opportunity to let his hands roam over tony ,looking for any sign of injury. Tony stiffened ever so slightly as Steve’s hand hovered around the area of his reactor. Pulling back from the kiss, steve put a hand under his chin and lifted it up , studying his face as he waited for tony to look at him.
“only Natasha okay? I promise no one else, can you please tell me how long this has been happening?” Tony pursed his lips looking away .
“why was he here steve?” he asked
“you don’t want me to kiss you?” he asked faking a sad face
“oh, is that not illegal on midgard? To be courting a minor?” Steve groaned wondering why thor even knew these midgardian rules.
"-ny"
“I promise , I am fine. I am here and talking aren’t I?” He asked as he reached for the water with the straw someone had clearly already made him drink some.
Teenagers. Steve refused to sigh, as he turned to raise an eyebrow at his still seething boyfriend. He was red in the face and still glaring refusing to back off.
“so it would be better if there was no link between me and tony at all?” He asked needing a confirmation. He wanted nothing more than to be the person to protect him but Steve will do anything if it meant keeping him safe.
“I did see a slight discoloration,-" natasha started but Steve was still not buying this
“good, I am very happy to hear that" steve said as evenly as possible and Tony frowned at him , a hand slipping out through the sheets to poke at Steve’s chest.
“I don’t know who the kid was” nat met Steve’s look and the slight shake of his head.
“Tony” the teen looked up at him expectantly as Steve continued “ you can always come to me, if you need to talk about what happened”
“I am sleeping I promise”
I dont know if I should finish or not tbh.
steve was not ready for the feeling of missing tony wash over him as soon he let the door close behind him. It was silly, Steve thought shaking his head. But in all seriousness he was not letting that kid go, no matter the nature of their relationship once Steve got a look at the vulnerability he displayed in the past few minutes,he didn’t think he could just walk away.
“did he say anything else after I left? There has to be more. How long has this been going on? How bad is it?” steve shook his head at her
“no needles!” He whimpered sitting up straight and pushing away from Steve. The monitor was now screeching and it was only his pulse.
“can I have a kiss?” he asked once Steve nodded his agreement. Steve leaned back a little before he caught the hurt expression in Tony’s eyes.  With a small smile he wiped the graphite Marks tony had on his cheek from his pencils, and gave him a soft kiss on his cheek.
Walking over around to gym, he was again disappointed that he didn’t see Tony sitting outside either. He went back to his class room for his second class of the day.  He was annoyed enough that he didn’t get to even see for himself that Tony was okay, now he was just informed that school was going to be closed for the next two days on account of a salary strike.
“Taking a bath” the two of them shared a look and they sat down opposite to Steve,  bruce pushing some documents towards him.
Something changed, when steve returned and he couldn’t exactly pin point what it was but it didn’t feel right. The LCD screen that had been screeching some news had been turned off and the sudden silence seemed deafening to Steve after having sat for an hour amidst the noise.
“What happened?” he asked the gym teacher who shrugged crouching down next to Steve and the collapsed girl .
“Thor you okay?” he asked eyeing his surreptitiously.
“I really don’t want to deal with the judgment right now please,” he said
“can I ask you something sweetheart?” Tony hummed and closed his eyes.
Bruce shut his phone in what seemed like just few seconds but Steve had a feeling he had zoned out for a lot more than that.
“Come here" tony looked surprised when Steve pulled him along with him towards the couch and sat down pulling Tony onto his lap. It was awkward for a second until Tony readjusted on his lap and settled with a shy purse of lips.
“You are okay anna, you collapsed in gym. Can you look at me?” he asked as he waited patiently for her to turn and recognize him.
He didn’t comment on it just yet, knowing it had something to do with the gym injury and sat himself down beside Tony a small gap between them.
Steve’s heart was racing,  he wanted to know if Tony was okay , emotionally  with what happened last night. But he was terrified of finding out and he needed Tony to be okay because if he was not then Steve would be destroyed mentally.
“Did something happen? Did someone do something ?”
“Tony?”
Tony nodded feverishly, mumbling to himself until Steve held the straw to his lips. He took a few sips before pushing it away and moved a hand to Steve’s chest, like he was feeling the material of the uniform and just as his hands skimmed over the laceration Steve winced and tony withdrew his hand immediately.
“we were all under the same commanding wing.” Thankfully peggy did know what to say and Steve nodded helpfully
The actual scare came during the clean up process (who knew the clean up would be more Dangerous than the battle itself) when an unstable building came crashing down on steve and thor before they had time to escape. Steve had a concussion and a broken wrist amongst more bruising and cuts while thor escaped with relatively fewer injuries the major being a three inch cut over his temple. It took four people and a clint to get Steve’s unconscious body onto the stretcher and to the hospital where Bruce was waiting for them. Bruce was usually the go to doctor for the team, it was easier to let their guard down in front of him and everyone understood that and no one questioned it until it was absolutely necessary.
“Yeaaah" he said moaning as Steve kissed the underside of his jaw forcing Tony to crane his neck.
“What were you thinking steve?” steve only held up a finger to his lips and pointed to the couch where Coulson walked around and the look on his face was definitely worth it when he saw Tony and natasha practically cuddling. The widow never let’s anyone that close.
“I am not going to apologize for what I said yesterday , I need you to understand my perspective, can you do that?” Tony was getting restless already being locked in between Steve and the chair, he knew because his fingers were now dancing along the sides of the chair.
“Yeah , but not now" he said and Steve felt Tony’s lips press against his neck and along his jaw and then finally his lips.  Steve chuckled at how desperate tony seemed for his attention now and how he himself had felt up until now.
After months of avoiding the teen, Steve finally had what he wanted, tony knew the truth about him and Steve just wanted to get to know him without having to hide anything.
He entered the bar, eyes immediately zeroing in on two people looking distinctly out of place. They were sitting at a booth at the far end looking uncomfortable and anxious. Good , steve thought to himself as he made his way over .
"who's the man child now?"
Steve blinked at him, tony was actually standing here , his shirt open and pouting at Steve. His lips looked soft and red and ...Steve snapped himself out of his own thought before it turned inappropriate. Steve was fucked.
“Is it?” he pressed
“you okay?” steve broke the silence and Tony nodded even though something was obviously very wrong and alarm bells went off in Steve’s head as he tried to think of what it might be.
"Clint and thor will be back tonight, so movie night and dinner?" Steve asked standing with his arms crossed leaning against the wall, Bruce and Nat nodded in agreement.
I quickly changed into my nightwear and snuck into bed pulling tony close and turning him to face me just so I could have good look at him. He curled into me sighing in contentment. Maybe he was just tired. That didn't make any of us any less worried though. I ran my hands through his hair, too wound up to fall sleep but still exhausted all the same.
When Steve finally came back out, natasha was sitting on the kitchen table top passing Bucky a water bottle and Clint sat perched atop one of his dining chairs.
“steve?”
"Because I like having lunch with my boyfriend" he said with a quick kiss to my lips.
“Slow down, and the sooner you tell me the faster we solve this , so that you don’t have to tall about it anymore.” Steve said holding onto Tony’s upper arms on both sides
“Hmm” Steve nodded, “ I will make sure you get to meet them soon” he tightened his grip as Tony slowly started listed against his chest supporting most of his weight.
“good boy" the praise slipped out without any filter from his brain and Tony crooned eithout realizing at his words and Steve’s amusement grew tenfold as he watched Tony’s face littered with emotions.
He felt a hand on his shoulder and turned to see natasha as she pointed to the door “will be right outside if you need me" she said and he thanked her before reaching over to hold Tony still while the nurse worked.
Steve pinched himself, hard. He was most certainly not dreaming and Tony was really stood up on the edge of the kitchen counter in his pink , now painted with black smudges in the common floor , literally where anyone could walk in at any moment. The clock on the wall read a blaring four AM and Steve rubbed his palms over his eyes again checking to see if his vision was failing him. But no, there stood Tony in his underwear doing something to the microwave with a screwdriver in his mouth.
“I ..didn’t..we” he stuttered and Steve took pity and waved him off
“Thank you thor” Steve beamed at him and walked over to help him carry some of it. They quickly pulled everything apart and Steve sat down next to Tony with a bowl of soup.
“Tony , please. Do you want to be sedated?” steve asked finally letting him know what the alternative is and Tony let out a disgruntled whine and glared at him.
As soon as we entered our room, the first thing I did was pull Tony back into my embrace, kissing him long and hard. He was gasping for breath within seconds.I took the opportunity to quickly slide his shirt over his head and look at the reactor. It seemed okay. It looked just like the previous one, burning bright with the same intensity. And then I noticed it, his entire left side all the way down disappearing into the hem of his pants was a deep red burn, I traced my finger tips over it and he hissed in pain.
“Think you can spare time for me?” he asked unsure still
“No, I am not leaving. Why will it hurt?” he said getting up leaning over Steve to look at what natasha was seeing.
Tony on the other hand was resisting every step of the way as Steve pulled him along with his fingers wrapped around his wrist.
Steve was thankful that they actually listened to him for once. He quickly reached over feeling for her pulse that he found was slower than normal.
“Then why are you telling me now bruce?” he asked afraid to hear the answer.
“What if -" Tony started again “okay, come on. That’s Enough" Steve said guiding Tony out towards the door so he can go grab his books from his locker all the while Tony tried to resist as Steve effortlessly pushed him his shoes gliding along the tiles.
Steve wanted to know about the injury, ask more questions but first he needed to talk to Fury.
“just a sec!” he shouted back
Steve hadn’t turned around two seconds to place the catheter onto the tray and Tony had already shimmied back into his pants and Steve chuckled at his sudden shyness after everything he had been through these past few days.
“You have to face the consequences of your action and I promise you will be quiet surprised by what’s to come" he said pulling Tony with him.
“rhodey for fucks sake,  oww let go! I don’t want to be here" tony was yet to notice Steve was there as he tried to get free.
“Where are you going?” Steve pursed his lips “right, secret mission. You can’t tell me"
“I don’t know, he says stane is the only family he has left" his shoulders sagged as he said it and Bruce placed a grounding hand on his shoulder and Steve finally sat down taking the water.
Steve had to give them props for pulling one over the ever angry man. But then again if anyone was capable of it, it had to be these two.
“do you want to lay down?”steve stiffened , his hold growing tighter around Tony . He couldn’t see Tony’s face, but he knew for sure Tony didn’t want that either.
Tony being naïve was making this all the more pleasurable for Steve and he was not sure if that was good thing or not.
“ugh. Pepper is making me go to the art exhibit downtown" he said making an irritated face natasha gave a distracted
“Excuse me?” He asked playing dumb and tony gave an exasperated sigh as he reached a hand up and traced a line on his cheek with a finger. Steve had to force himself to stay still and not catch the teens fingers in his own or lean into the touch.
But Steve’s mind got confused when he didn’t see anything worse there and he gently cupped them, trying to feel for anything and then Tony whimpered suddenly his demeanor changing as he turned around and hid in Steve’s chest. Steve’s hand still holding his balls, and just as Steve tried to pull away , tony went rigid and spoke
I was so hungry by the time I reached the tower, the traffic had been grueling. The cleaning process for the day had been exhausting in every which way. It was estimated to be wound up by tomorrow evening. Which Meant working without a break for hours together. Tony had sent out his entire stark clean up crew. But looking at the scene, even that didn't seem enough.
“ who knew captain America had it in him" Clint smirked and nat glared at him.
"Uhm, tony flashed around some money" ofcourse, billionaire's kid.
"Is there anything that triggers it? Something you did that angers him?" Steve spoke calmly keeping Tony close to him.
“What’s wrong with the dear captain?”  he asked generally but his face was scrutinizing Steve’s face.
He made his way over ,making sure to not startle his lover and sat down next to him with a little gap between them.
Just as Steve rounded the corner to his classroom he suddenly found himself with an armful of a certain brunette as he crashed into him sending his books flying around them.
Only pepper rhodey and Tony were left behind as the students filtered out,
Steve was afraid to even touch him as he sat and watched as pepper cried into Tony’s side ,her fingers wrapped around his. He didn’t mind, he was just content watching. Eventually the whole team came by and left , clint taking the kids back to drop them home with a promise of letting them bunk school and come here again in the morning.
Tony's eyes were tracking Bruce like a hawk. "Tony hey look at me, baby. It's just a needle. It will only take a minute. Come on, here; look at me" I told him forcefully turning his head to face me.
“What else did they know?” tony asked
“What happened tony?” Steve asked
"There was an SI launch part at home and obie occasionally let's me drink" he said
“that’s harassment. Besides good luck talking to my parents since they are dead!”
“can I ask you for you something? You can say no!” he added quickly and Steve pulled back only slightly worried
“You are not my dad" he said turning his head away and Steve pulled him closer lips to his ear
“Color?” he asked again
"No" he mumbled and Steve didn't want to doubt him so he pulled the teen into his arms and settled down raking his fingers through his hair. Tony was still exhausted, the fatigue was obvious with his slow reflexes and Steve wondered if it might be better to just let him sleep instead of push his obvious anxiety when it came to discussing stane.
“I am not planning to tell anyone.” Steve sighed “I meant I can’t keep watching you get abused and do nothing about it”
“no!” he said immediately and then more gently he said “ if I close my eyes I see the explosion and you unconcious”
“I’ll do that” he said as he all but pushed her hands away and did it himself. The nurse was kind however and gave him a small smile , before the pulling the sheets over him again. She tucked pillows on either side of him, propping his arms up on them for easier access to his IV ports.
“Obadiah stane, howards business partner , found Tony on the site of the crash. Took him away, for fear of someone coming back to finish the job. What Obadiah didn’t know is we kept tabs on him as well and watched him raise Tony as his own. Tony was in boarding school because obadiah thought it would be better to keep him away from his father’s company as he believes someone who is after the company is who is responsible for Howard and Maria’s death.”
“maybe you should sleep a little first, we don’t want your concussed brain getting too overloaded.” Steve tried but tony frowned at him, and Steve knew what was going to come next so he averted his eyes quickly.
"Its almost half past three. I thought we could head up together for lunch." it already lunch time?I could have sworn I just came down after breakfast.
“I didn’t know kissing can be this good" he said and the innocence went straight to Steve’s dick. He growled slowly, gently pushing Tony off his lap and smoothing his clothes. This wasn’t the place or time he told himself,  besides Tony is still a minor.
“Its tony" he interrupted
As soon as he pulled the door closed Tony all but sagged and whimpered and Steve lifted him and seated him on the examination bed.
“I am sitting with you, I told you I will” he said confused at why tony was repeating the same thing.
“Its fine you old pervert" he said smacking steve lightly with the pink one.
“You know Mr.Rogers, it would be nice if you could share with the class how you gained super healing abilities” and then Tony was looking up at him expectantly and Steve panicked.
“I trust you" he said clearly and Steve smiled widely leaned down closer to him
"what happened to your reactor?" I asked already panicking. I saw Natasha sit up straighter as well.
“Tony did you forget your boyfriend’s day job? Sweetheart I am not going to let him touch you" he said confidently and Tony settled against him silently for the rest of the ride home.
“Why don’t you tell us what happened?” he asked looking between Steve and Bucky. But Steve hesitated and he knew the assassins caught that as he diverted the question to bucky.
“No baby, it’s only been an hour since you fell asleep.” Steve told him and he nodded clearly
“Clint” he said trying to hide a smile
“it’s your fault” he said huffing as Steve increased the pressure of the pack just a little.
“what happened?” he asked his voice laced with concern as he walked over to us taking in the scene.
“Oh, its blue like your eyes" he said turning his head up to look at Steve’s eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
“He is fine. Did spectacularly well actually. He’s a real fighter, they are bringing him up now, I just wanted to give you a head start" steve nodded , as he heard the movement outside the room and he knew they were rolling him in now.
“Tony, you are sick. I know food doesn’t look appetizing right now but I need you to have something for me and then we can get you something for the pain and the fever” he told him and when Steve tried to feed it to him Tony made a show of irritation and took the bowl from Steve’s hands.
”Hey” he said going to him and tony took a hesitant step back not looking at him
"Where is the man of iron? Or must I say the man lacking iron?" Thor has been spending too much time with Darcy. Clint snickered at that.
“have you eaten?” he asked getting up from the couch and stretching his arms trying to remove some of the tension there.
His breathing was immediately better and his grip around Steve’s arms went lax against his body.
“Why are we out here?” he asked his face changing expressions every few seconds and Steve thought he looked drugged, well actually he was.
"Steve! What are you doing put me-" steve cut him off with a kiss as he walked them to his bedroom while Tony squirmed harder. But he was obviously no match to the super soldier as he was dumped onto Steve's bed, albeit carefully so as to not jostle his injuries.
Steve reached out , grabbing his hand and pulling him towards him “hey, it will be fine. I am captain America remember?”
“kay sorry"
"J,can you pull up the blueprints for widow's bites " my workshop immediately livened up as I heard the familiar hum of his AI working. Soon I was lost to the world in the comfort of my workshop and my work. All thoughts on the events of the morning forgotten.
"Nothing is going on just like I told ste-" I turned to my left to where Steve was just sitting to find him gone .I looked up puzzled. "Where did Steve go?" I asked confused. Now everyone was staring at me like I was the crazy one. Nat reached over to grab the wet cloth from Clint and wiped my face and neck with it. And damn did that feel good!
“Steve, round up call. Do you need me to take over?” she asked looking at him and he shook his head , he was the lead on the mission. He needed to be there for it
“Yes I will wake him , feed him, dress him and drop him off" she said rolling eyes but Steve sighed satisfied.
“You do it” he said , chin up and daring Steve to laugh more. That definitely stopped his laughter as he suddenly thought of his hands on Tony’s skin.
“Yes , I..” he fixed his glasses “it’s not everyday I get to see my student like this" he said smiling shyly and Tony was looking a little embarrassed himself as he pursed his lips and avoided looking at bruce at all.
“is everything alright? Did she say why she wanted to talk to me?” Steve asked him now a little concerned considering the fact that pepper did not have his number, how was she contacting him?
“hmm?” He asked as he watched tony wince when delicate fingers prodded his scalp leaving his hair askew and completely disheveled. It suited him , Steve decided.
“No" he pouted
Steve was on a mission one day when it all came crashing down. The peace he had finally after months together found. Just like that , it went to hell.
“where are Clint and tasha?” He asked suddenly hopeful that they might be there so Steve will forget about his little problem which was not going away by the way.
“Tony-"
“If you are not coming , then why are you giving us homework?” Steve was irritated beyond his limits but he bit his lip taking a breath and answering her
“Who are you calling?” Tony asked alarmed “don’t tell obie, ill go home okay? I’ll go back to boarding school please"
“Sorry – oh uh I mean yeah okay” Steve chuckled before he pulled the covers over them both Tony wrapped safely in his arms .
Steve was sitting upright on the bed indian style next to me with one hand across my stomach and another holding a mug with coffee. It was still steaming. I could kill for some coffee right now!
The party was already in full swing. Perfect to make my entrance. I was not interested at all in tonight's party just wanted an early night with Steve. But everyone seemed so excited about the party especially Clint, so I couldn't cancel it. I decided to make a quick (but, grandeur entrance as usual) and have a couple of drinks and answer a few quick questions and make my way home. Bed sounded so good to me right now. I have been awake for the past 32 hours working on the suit which was damaged in the battle last week. You never know when it's going to be needed again. Best to always be prepared.
“Stane is not getting in, I don’t care what he says. I don’t want him near Tony” clint nodded as he walked off with his own towel wrapped around his neck.
“it happens sometimes" that threw him off
“ we will bring us something to eat. How bad are his injuries? Does he need to stay?” Steve shook his head
Bruce was quick to move closer, tony arched his back up away from the bed, "Nat, hold his shoulder down. I'll be really quick Tony, I promise. I am sorry"
Tony shook his head eyebrows puckering “I am going to say something now and I want you to listen before you react okay?” Steve told him as he moved his hands from Tony’s shoulders to the arms of the chair be cause what he was going to say was not going to be pretty.
“Please steve pleasee" he begged and Steve wrapped his palm around his cock pumping it slowly at first and then picked up the pace.
“yea yea I remember,let’s do this!” clint snickered.
It took a minute for Steve to figure out why the spies were looking at him with an odd expression, waiting for some sort of reaction from him, when it hit him.
“Then why are you taking off my clothes?” he smirked as Steve pulled Tony’s pants from his legs.
Tony pulled back and Steve followed, now that steve had had a taste he couldn’t stop. He didn’t have the filter of right and wrong anymore after he had already done the wrong.
"Language" steve said as he licked his lips tasting the ice cream that Tony had eaten. He knew Tony was nervous and worried, there was also the fact that he absolutely did not want to talk to Steve about what was happening with him for some reason.
“Why are you dressed like that?” Steve ignored his question , and wiped Tony’s dirty blackened fingers from the soot.
“been busy, applied for a grant for my research on radiation. It’s been a difficult time, but pushing through it.” Steve was always impressed with how hard working Bruce was, not only was he truly intelligent he also knew how to stay humble and work hard.
“what’s with the sudden love?” he asked as he slid a hand around his waist holding him closer
“Tony look at me.”
“I told you I murdered your friend yesterday and here you are sitting next to me . You couldn’t have forgiven me already” steve stiffened , he hadn’t planned on ever having this discussion again with him.
“Maybe you should consider teaching yoga" his hair was askew and his voice raspy and there were indents on his face from where he had slept on his hand, he looked adorable as Steve leaned down to kiss him on his temple.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea right now” Steve whispered back , because even if tony was not listening to the other two in the room , he was definitely tracking every movement Steve made.
Clint placed the oxygen mask around his face and tony scrunched his face up the discomfort obvious and everyone stilled around tony, praying he doesn’t wake up. He didn’t, and everyone relaxed as Bruce placed the lead of the heart monitor on various places on his chest before switching it on. The beeping was loud enough to startle thor and steve , the assassins and Bruce were expecting it though.
he nodded and smiled gratefully at her and he recited a soft kiss on his cheek in return and he held on to that kiss as much as possible all the memories crashing down on him.
He pulled away creating more distance between them holding his plate close to his chest
“Are you serious? This was why you didn’t want to go to the nurse?” tony looked almost timid and shy now after having admitted it. It made Steve’s heart flutter at how adorable he looked at the moment.
His motorcycle was his best friend, of course apart from Sam and Natasha , courtesy of shield. School was only a good 5 miles away from his apartment. It was just a cozy little place, nothing extravagant and Steve absolutely loved it.
He frowned as he watched the sun rise enough for the rays to reach Tony through the window, falling over his face and Steve shifted just a little so his back obstructed the light from hitting Tony in the face.
So Steve had been sneaking in little shoulder rubs and kisses and hugs whenever possible.
”Steve I mean like genius intellect” okay, he knew tony was smart but it seemed like Bruce was really in awe of this kid suddenly.
“Tony, I am not pointing fingers here and if it were anybody’s fault that Steve is currently facing this ,its his own. But -"
“That explains a lot actually” Tony said pulling his legs up and sitting Indian style on the bed as Steve sat down on the chair beside him.
Within two minutes Bruce was there , and apparently pepper had already explained the situation to him and he quickly made his way to Tony’s room.
“okay , so we got to go do some spy work now. We will see you later okay?” they said finally as Tony managed to finish his burger. Tony looked genuinely sad but he couldn’t do anything about it.
“Didn't want you to see me like this" he said looking away and Steve hooked his finger under Tony’s chin pulling it towards himq
“unlike some of us, I actually went to the doctor" Steve said trying to divert the conversation and focusing on Tony.
“his school, we need to tell them that he won’t be coming in for a while" steve told Bruce and bruce nodded thoughtfully
“Okay, that’s okay.  Phil has a team looking into everything in Tony’s life until now.”
Steve’s mind was filled with dread as he reached over to clasp Tony's sweaty palm and locked their fingers together.
“We are hoping to figure it out today" he nodded at them getting up from the table taking his leave and before he left the room he said “if you need me , give me a call"
“Tony, not an option” Steve said and tony pouted at him
“Come for me baby" the words hadn’t left his mouth fully and Tony spilled hot and warm in his palm , his head falling back against Steve’s chest and back arching and toes curling. Tony’s head rolled against his chest ,his grip on Steve completely lost .
“ how did this happen?” he asked truly at a loss of an explanation. Tony was still not talking until prompted or asked something and Steve was getting worried and didn’t know how long this phase would last or if he was required to do more to help him.
“we will.” And Tony stiffened a little against his arms and that confirmed to Steve that he was not ready for it yet even if he didn’t know it
“Okay that’s really nice of you honey. Do you want to go back to bed now?”
Honestly? It was like dealing with a puppy. So Steve gave in and moved to the bed and Tony shifted to give him space grinning and as soon as Steve settled in Tony latched on to him like a koala and Steve had to wrap his arms around him to keep him from falling.
“He went home,  he was absolutely against the idea of not going home.” Clint and nat scrunched their eyebrows together waiting for an explanation but Steve pursed his lips shrugging his shoulders
"And how many have you been in?" He asked raising his eyebrows at Tony who only stuck his tongue out at him. He knew this had to be Tony's first considering how their first kiss went.
“He is right here" Steve’s head snapped up eyebrows raising in question as they all turned to see Tony standing there with a shirt he had apparently picked out from Steve’s wardrobe to wear.
“You stink” he said his nose wrinkling and Steve chuckled before he just wrapped his arms around him again squeezing him tight before letting go.
There were sounds of people arguing outside the room, that was rare and Steve parked up as he heard someone unlocking his door and the two other guys scrambled to sit up as well ready to attack.
“I can help you with that,  will you let me?” he asked as he ran his fingers through Tony’s hair and Tony pulled away eyes wide shaking his head no
”of course, our little troublemaker” he said as he picked at the lettuce he had told Natasha he didn’t want. ‘eat your vegetables Steve’ she had said as they had made them this morning together. He liked his vegetables just fine, what he didn’t like was lettuce on toasted bread.
Tony was their only link into finding out what stane was upto and if they let him think that they hadn’t been compromised yet then they can catch him in the act next time. They had also placed an agent to shadow him everywhere he goes unless Steve was with him and well that was most of the time but if Tony knew about the agent then he would probably , in words of Tony, flip out.
“So I’ll see you after school then?” Steve asked dropping his hands and getting up straightening his shirt
“ can I go home ?” He asked looking at Clint avoiding Steve’s gaze again and trying to pull away from Steve.
"no captain, he was called in for the battle as soon as he woke up"
“Howard stark?” He forced himself to say as normally as possible. Oh it rung a lot of bells, bells that Steve did not want rung. When Steve had read that name on his student list that first day he had blatantly shut his mind from venturing into it. Because Howard’s boy, his best friend’s child had died along with his parents when he was only a baby. Steve had gone into the ice promptly a year after.
“Are you sure?”
He looked exhausted, and after yesterday’s turmoil he should still be in bed recovering. Steve didn’t even know what Tony was doing here today. The way stane had stormed out yesterday he would have thought he had already taken Tony back to boarding school.
“how are you feeling? Think you can drink this?” clint said handing the little glass with mango juice in it. He nodded his head reaching for the glass his hand trembling ever so slightly.  He drank greedily, I placed my hand on the glasses pulling it away from his lips slightly. “drink slowly, or you will make yourself sick" once he nodded I let go of the glass again and he took smaller sips this time.
“That was not a discussion, you didn’t want to even tell me where you are going!” Steve flipped him around as they reached the wall beside the door trapping him against it and placed a hand on the door knob just in case someone decided to walk in so Steve would know immediately .
“is it the pain?”
“I got you , sweetheart. You are okay.” He mumbled a few more things until he felt the timid shoulders relax under his hold.  Steve was just glad that he was still clinging tight to him rather than push him away. He took it as a good sign as he held on tight.
Steve's POV
His classroom was exactly the way he had left it, save for a few new supplies of pens ,markers and papers that were left for him on his messy desk. He sighed looking at the clock at the far end of the room, that told him that he had ten minutes to get his things in order before the bell would ring and his students would be arriving.
It’s been exactly one week since Tony had told him as much as he was willing, one week since he had got the report from Coulson. Things were going fairly well, as far as Steve was concerned it seemed like this was a pretty straight forward situation. Stane and Rumlow are after Tony’s money.  In Howard’s will, it was clearly stated that the company goes to Tony or no one. Which explains why stane chose to stick close to Tony. To be a father figure and why Tony was still alive with minimal incident (minimal being on a scale of hurt to death) But that doesn’t forgive them for their actions.
“Nothing is broken” he said slapping Steve’s prodding fingers away and he began buttoning up his shirt.
“Right" Steve said smiling
“Calm down, there is no one here except us" he said as Tony changed his tight grip around Steve shoulders to wrapping his arms around his neck and continued to catch his breath .
“stop, hey nobody is making you do anything. If what you really want is to go home then I will drop you home.” He iterated so Tony would understand that he wasn’t going to hold him hostage here like he was apparently thinking.
So I was steering clear of Natasha for the foreseeable future. Which Is why I chose to sit next to Steve and Bruce. Bruce was a good man, always trying to get people to be comfortable around him.
As soon as she left, Steve trained his eyes back onto the struggling teen. Reaching his hand out again , he waved it in front of Tony’s eyes to get his attention “tony, you are having a panic attack , but you are going to be fine” He said and when tony shook his head fiercely and looked like he was going to pass out Steve reached a hand towards him
"How did they even let you in? Did they not ask for an ID?" He found it hard to believe they let Tony in, what with his doe eyes. The same eyes Steve fell for, he had to remind himself.
“We need to tell Tony” bruce said and Steve shook his head
“How the hell did you think you could keep this from me?” Steve said interrupting a meeting and throwing a photo of Tony on to the table in front of fury.
I was so comfy settled in between Steve and Bruce, so when I felt Bruce lift up from the couch I whined and snuggled closer to Steve my eyes starting to drift close. I heard Bruce muttering something to Natasha and walking out of the room. Steve ran a hand across my cheek and slapped me lightly "Tony I need you to wake up" He said gently lifting me into a more upright position my back resting against steve's chest comfortably.
“didn’t know I had an audience" he said pulling on his tie ,leaving it hanging loose around his neck.
I came awake to hearing some murmuring and one hand on my torso and another smaller one brushing through my hair.
But knowing Tony was now awake he said “the quinjet is here , I have to leave now” and Tony pulled back waking up completely
Steve sat with Tony curled in his lap Steve’s blanket wrapped around him face tucked into his neck. His cup of coffee was still steaming as he listened to Phil about the details. Natasha had woken up early along with them, it was still 3 am but Steve was grateful for the coffee she placed in his hands before sitting down with them at the table.
“It’s not an option sorry.” The doc said firmly and Steve was actually quiet surprised at how authoritative he sounded.
“they switched out his oxygen mask to a cannula, he’s breathing well. Said something about needing to watch out for infections and cleaning up the reactor casing was said. I am not too sure, but bruce said he will be by in an hour.” Clint updated him as Tony made puppy dog eyes at him to come sit with him so he ciuld cuddle and Steve hesitated a little before he carefully wedged himself between tony mound of pillows and Tony himself.
“Clint is right. It’s none of my business anyway.”
“Ms. Potts why don’t you head out and let natasha know that Tony is going to be okay? And ask her to bring us a water bottle in a little while, yeah?” he said and pepper immediately said
And finally , finally they spoke to him .
“I have some errands to run, you guys go ahead.” steve nodded “tony, remember what I said , don’t stay up all night again okay?” steve frowned at this , had tony not been sleeping?
Tony , flashed a smile , pulled out a slip from his pocket and waved it in front of Steve “it’s called a hall pass for a reason Mr. Rogers” Steve blinked, not because of the little retort but that this was the first time tony had addressed him by name and it did something to Steve.
“Pepper says I have to apologise for the way I behaved with you yesterday” and yet as Steve waited for one, it never came.
“Sweetheart, please”
“Tony wh-"
“Sure, why don’t l get you some highly caffeinated energy drink while I am at it" he said walking out towards the kitchen .
“and what exactly is this thing that the nurse can’t help you out with?” Steve was suddenly curious and not just about the injury but about why Tony didn’t want to go to the school nurse.
“Language” Steve said
They just looked at him, concern never leaving their faces and Steve knew they were serious, it’s just that he couldn’t take them seriously. Because really, how can these x Ray’s belong to Tony?
“Sex, will it hurt a lot?” steve wanted to just squeeze him and  protect him from everything wrong in this world.
“He thinks the person who did this was after stark industries and wanted to protect tony.” Natasha explained.
“I will take it from here, thank you" he said nodding to the other two and the gave rhodey a grateful smile
Tony closer to him , his face hiding in Steve’s chest. He could feel his lips quivering against his skin and Steve kissed the top of his head
“He won’t be up for a while anyway, come on steve you need this" he was , steve reluctantly agreed.
"Steve I have been up for the past 32 hours, so of course I am tired. Nothing is wrong. Bruce tell him I am fine" I told him quickly before he could say anything about me laying still. Clint and Nat chose that moment to come back into my line of vision holding various things.
“ breathe tony, it’s okay. I am fine.” And Tony was nodding his head jerkily.
“Tony?” he didn’t stir , but Steve continued to talk softly to him until he did.
“we know it’s not just stane, if we look into rumlow we will definitely find something there as well" natasha said lost in thought “but how does Bucky fit into all this?”
"Tony?" "Tony!" "grab him!" urgh,what happened?I asked my sluggish brain as it struggled to process the situation.
His fingers were trembling as he tried Tony’s phone and everytime it went straight to voicemail. Steve couldn’t show up at Tony’s home, he knew it would only make things worse for Tony at obadiah’s front.
“Yeah" came Tony’s response small and doubtful . He hooked two fingers on the waistband and pulled just enough to let Tony’s cock spring out and a small moan escaped his lips at sight.
“I am okay , just get the tissues” he said pushing him in the direction of the cabinet on the other end of his bedroom.
“it’s more than okay!” He exclaimed wrapping his arms around Steve’s neck and then Steve kissed him. Really kissed him.
Two hours later and after a lot of talking to people the party finally seemed to be winding down.
Tony sighed and repeated “yes okay Dr. Banner" placating and Steve gave an apologetic look to Bruce before trailing behind the teen carrying the microwave thing.
He learnt a few things quickly, tony was a regular kid. He hated school just like all teenagers did. He was very smart, he was the subject of buzz amongst the teachers these days. He was always surrounded by kids, had a happy , egotistical and pompous attitude. Didn’t like being reprimanded for the trouble he caused with his smart mouth. He held on to that big book of mechanical engineering like a lifeline.
“Excuse me?” Steve said trying to play dumb , and Tony gave an exasperated look before reaching up gently running his finger across Steve cheek where the cut had been just three days ago.
“uhm, are we interrupting something?” he said as he pretended to hesitate at the door.
“There we go, so good for me sweetheart” he said as he felt the muscles loosen
Steve’s rational part of his brain knew he shouldn’t have a fixated on the word kissing, but it registered in his mind like a permanent stamp. He followed pepper into the men’s room and what he saw tore his heart apart.
“Did you find me from the tracker? Or was it because my three weeks were up?” he aasked and nat sat down on the floor facing Steve looking thoughtful
“you run out of clothes to wear?” he heard natasha ask Steve as he headed towards the kitchen to get her some water.
Steve was about to ask her how she was feeling but before he could, there was loud bang as the door was pushed open and Steve heard the distinct whimpering sound he knew all too well.
“I really missed you Tony” he said once they were both up and away from the edge and tony turned to him eyes downcast
He moved tony out of his lap and shifted him so he could see what he was doing without taking his fingers out. The sight that greeted him was something he will never forget as he watched Tony’s hole flutter and contract around his fingers as Tony clenched down on them.
“stane thinks the people behind this know and see everything”
Steve iced his laceration on his cheek with an ice pack, the swelling still obvious. It had been rather deep and Steve was starting to understand just how distracted he had been during today’s battle. He had to make sure that didn’t happen-
“you can go you know, I ll be fine” he said
“Okay, you don’t have anymore classes ?” Bruce  shook his head as they headed towards the parking lot.
“What do you mean no?”
Tony didnt say a word as he and pepper walked away snatching the detention slip from Steve's fingers without even looking at him , rhodey apparently staying back to glare daggers at Steve and Ty.
“What do you wanna know?”
“My bag is with pepper but I’ll take it from her tomorrow. “ he said fidgeting again unable to move because Steve still had his hand under his shirt. He kept it pressed firmly hoping the grounding steady contact will ease him .
But if Steve knew any better, he would have known things never stay good. He should have expected it but somehow it had never crossed his mind that they still had some form of a relationship, as teacher and student. That realisation came when nat and Steve were posing as couples on the subway station as a lookout for a perp who had contacted shield and revealed that he was in position of some alien weapons. He had also refused to give them any information other than the fact that he was planning revenge against the world.
“All is good as long you have figured out what to tell stane” both them watched as tony stiffened, wincing at the name.
“Pepper says I have to apologize for the way I behaved , I am sorry.” Again , Steve was taken aback.
“Don’t you have class?” He asked tapping his watch and tony only shrugged. Steve had wanted to be done with this conversation but tony didn’t seem to want the same.
“does he need to be in medical? He doesn’t look too good”
“Shall I get him some juice?” clint asked ,he was fiddling with fingers from lack of anything to do,showed the concern for his teammate.
“Why didn’t you stop me?! What if I had hurt him, did you not see the look on his face? He was terrified!” he screamed his hands shaking and he saw the other two lean away a little.
“Steve what happened to tasha?” he heard Tony, voice filled with dread and this was not working , steve wasn’t able to constantly keep his conversations in check for the sake of Tony in the middle of a battle.
Steve choked “you have me sweetheart” his voice broke as he called him sweetheart
“sleep tony, I have you”
“Oh I see! Are you courting a petite person?” Clint was still doubled over with laughter
“welcome back cap” he turned his head towards his feet where he saw Clint perched up on the bed by his feet. Steve’s captain America uniform on his lap.
“stane was the first into the crash site, he found tony, crying but very much alive. He took him away for fear of someone coming back to finish the job.”
“It is, it was. Your dad and the two of us had a lot of fun during those days" she told him and chanced a glance at Steve who was still at a loss of words.
“There was a SI launch party at home. Lot of people were there and obie occasionally let’s me drink. And the next thing I know “ he looked down at his pants “I was feeling icky and weird and then rumlow was being handsy so I left as soon as possible. And called rhodey and pepper cause I didn't want to be alone” Steve was glad he had called them but he was more concerned as of why he hadn’t called him
“Will do sir" and Steve smiled at them gratefully before they turned to go.
"Bruce! you worry too much. I am fine now,as I was fine this morning"I told him picking up my wrench again.
“sure Mr.Stark whatever you want" the kind lady said as tony plopped down onto the bed.
“Getting you to rest” Tony rolled his eyes at him
"let's talk about this later okay? I promised to go help out the clean up crew" he said nodding, for me to come to him. We met halfway , he kissed my head before walking off. Okay so he was really mad then.
"He's pissed" she said "we may have let slip that we were taking him to medical" I groaned internally. tony hated hated doctors. It usually took a team effort to get him looked at by a medical professional after a particularly gruesome battle.
“Uhm, if you are busy we can come back later" the girl said , and two others who nodded like puppets behind her.
“How is it that Bruce always looks impeccable and you end up like this?” he said trying to wipe away the graphite and then leaned down to kiss his cheek.
“calm down, he’s fine. He was concious when he was bought in. He is with medical right now” Steve’s shoulders sagged in relief
“you are with child?!” he exclaimed bearing all his large white asgardian  teeth and Clint and natasha burst out laughing , Clint almost doubling over his seat. Thor looked at then confused while Steve glared at natasha.
He sat down on the couch next to him and Tony immediately curled into his side seeking more warmth and Steve smiled at his lover , he looked absolutely peaceful and stress free, his cheeks slightly flushed and hair askew.
”are you okay?, you were really hurt Steve” he said, traces of fear lingered in his tone.
“Uhm we ..she.” steve was at a loss of words. There were so many thoughts running through his mind at the moment and he just didn’t know where to start. He didn’t even know if he could tell tony about their past relationship or if peggy already had or if peggy knew about him and Tony and how she would feel about them.
“Clint , thor you are sharing a room. “ thor didn’t have to stay at all but Steve had insisted because really team bonding is all he wanted.
"I am still worried" Nat whispered so tony wouldn't hear "Have Jarvis call me if you need me" she said kissing my cheek before walking out.
“Okay, now that everyone is up can we please get to the point. Here tony” natasha said handing him a mug as well, but Steve caught a quick peek to find that his was definitely not tea or coffee but juice and he made a face at it before taking a tentative sip.
“About what? I told you everything yesterday" he said hesitantly , it was clear he didn’t want to discuss this any further but Steve had to know.
Tony was stiff in his arms and Steve sighed running his hands through his messy hair.
“tony..” Steve sighed giving up
"Steve! Natasha! Welcome back" Tony said surprised to see us, he walked towards me and plopped down in between me and Nat.
and that was it, if Steve had any hope of Tony resting it was all gone now and he groaned when Tony went
“Are you sure?” He nodded and Steve took the step back to him and this time Tony flung his arms around Steve’s waist and tucked his head below his chin as Steve wrapped his arms around the boy careful not to brush against his pants.
“was just about to in a minute” she said her voice a calm welcome.
“What class do you have now?” He asked changing the topic as tony quickly buttoned up his shirt.
“And yet here I am sleeping like a baby every night.” He stuck his tongue out and Steve chuckled before heading to the bath to change.
“This is going to be interesting” natasha said as she too settled down across from Clint.
Steve knew he was internally relieved that he didn’t have to deal with the company for another year and that whatever stane had planned for when Tony would turn eighteen will also be pushed a year.
“No matter what happens with Tony, Howard knows you are doing your best.”
“then let me stay here , you are hurting me by letting me go"
"Clint ,it's my tower. Therefore the bigger share of popcorn is mine!" I huffed as I dropped down between steve and Bruce.
“depends" Tony said his breath hitching and Steve pulled back,
“hey baby!” steve announced as he walked into tonys room after not having seen him for a few hours now. He was met with a grouchy Tony who threw the little empty jello cup at Steve for no reason whatsoever.
Fury looked like he wanted to discipline a child who had spoken out of turn but he bit his tongue and instead said “I expect no information to be held back today"
Steve worried at his lower lip now before slowly looking up at him, “I think it might be best you stay here” tony looked at him wide eyed, stiffening and sat up straighter . He shook his head and pulled his hand out from Steve’s grasp,
”does he know you are at school?” Because if he didn’t, Steve knew where exactly the blame would fall but tony nodded and Steve was relieved.
“Tony” he said waiting for him to look up but when he decidedly ignored him Steve took a deep breath before taking a step closer and leaning on the desk behind him
“you haven’t done anything wrong and it was amazing and I never knew it could be so amazing like holy shit! Steve I cant believe you didn’t do it with me sooner! I swear If I had known..-" steve cut him off from his rambling with a chuckle
He then took a quick detour to the cafeteria , bought a water bottle and a sandwich and headed back up to class. But his heart stopped for a moment when he entered his room and found it empty.
“we are fine, whatever it is ,I promise we will always work it okay?” and Tony sighed relieved and he shifted closer to Steve his hair tickling his nostrils and Steve stood up,  carrying tony still and made his way to his room.
“Tony why didn’t you tell me this when natasha asked you? You said nothing happened"
“come on,  let's get this over with” he said tugging on Tony’s shirt but Tony refused to let him.
Twenty minutes later found us sitting in the car , clint driving. Everyone still keeping an eye on Tony.  I sat next to him ,he had listed slightly to the side dozing off his head falling on my shoulder and his hair falling over his eyes. I brushed his hair off his face, trying to tuck it behind his ear,but it just fell back on his face again. I heard someone clearing their throat, looking up I saw natasha looking back at us from the front seat cocking her eyebrows “ you have got it bad Rogers, think it’s time to Tell him yet?” I felt all eyes on me ,a blush creeping up my neck as I just smiled wide looking down at the sleeping face my fingers dancing across the captain America bandaid on the brunettes forearm.
He rounded the kitchen , finding Tony sidled up to natasha as they both spoke about something quietly. She had her hands wrapped around him and he had his head resting against her bosom. They looked perfectly content as nat ran he fingers through his hair.
“I want kisses"
“it’s going to hurt.” She stated glances towards Tony. Steve sighed and turned back to his lover.
“Steve don’t beat yourself up about it" clint said breathlessly as he wiped a trace of blood from his lips and that’s when Steve realized he was taking it out on clint but he wouldn’t have his apologies and made him fight harder.
“I don’t need you to protect me. I am not that young , I can handle things on my own.” Steve sighed as Tony became defensive again
tony was not impressed with his cheerful attitude and his fingers went back to nervously playing with his shirt as the doctor tried to feel around for lymph nodes and checked his pulse and did a few more basic things.
“He hasn’t been sleeping , I don’t know how to help him. “ It felt weird to be able to finally discuss about Tony with Bucky. He had held back for so long this felt like a relief to Steve.
“are you okay? Tasha said I was supposed to bring you something warm to eat but I didn't know where anything was and I really wanted to see you first,”
“What if I have to pee? Why can't we put it in tomorrow before the surgery?” he asked as he watched Steve cover the catheter with lube.
“you shouldn’t be here” he said looking Steve in the eyes and Steve felt a pang of hurt at that
Then he heard an “ow!” and he pulled the shirt on completely smiling.
He nodded “yeah. He should be okay. As long as we he stays put for a while. He is going to need a lot of rest to allow his body to recuperate.”
“well, looks like we are done here” I said thanking the nurses before leaving.
“I can’t do that to him tasha, he is too young , he is naïve and with the abuse , I cant do that to him right now" he said feeling defeated from wanting to and not being able to.
They spoke to each other quietly for a while, steve carding his fingers through Tony’s hair gently and he fell asleep like that, tears staining his face and head pillowed on Steve’s arm.
“Mr Rogers?” he gave her an encouraging smile and her frown disappeared and she tried to get up but Steve held her down quickly by her shoulders.
He was snapped out of his thoughts when his phone rang, shrill and loud in the silence of the night and Steve scrambled to remove his phone from his pant pocket.
“Okay, I’ll go get us a car. There is a hospital two miles out" steve sighed in relief at hearing that there was one that close by.
“That was not so bad was it?” she said gently thumbing the area she had injected.
Technically steve and Tony should be leaving for school but Steve had actually wanted to take the day off with him and his team and figure out the details. It was also Tony’s birthday.
“so, you and nat are together now?” He asked bluntly once they were alone
“Is he going to kill me like he did my parents?” he asked when Steve and Tony were the only ones in the back of the car.
“Done, it’s done!” steve exclaimed “it’s out sweetheart, you are okay" he said trying to get his attention but tony was still a crying mess and in the process he had managed to pull out the IV in his arm as well which had left blood trickling across his hand.
“What do you mean?” he asked , even though he knew he didn’t want to hear it
He didn’t know if having sex with Tony was the right or wrong thing to have done and even before they could actually talk about it, the reactor had happened and Steve’s mind was all over the place.  He didn’t know if he was hurt because Tony chose to push him away after they had made love or if he was worried about Tony being sick or if he was afraid that stane would find a way to hurt him.
“how are you feeling?” Tony asked him
“Steve, put him on the couch. Shouldn’t let him sleep like this, wake him up, he will have nightmares if he sleeps after this"
“Its okay honey,” steve chuckled
"He didn't hurt me, he was getting handy so I just left and then called pepper and rhodey. It's not their fault -I ..I made them come-"
“tony did it help, after?” bruce asked his voice shaking lightly
None of them were sure how long Tony would have to stay here, they didn’t know what they were dealing with the reactor and caution was their only upper hand with it.
Steve closed his eyes and sighed, he felt the press of Tony’s lips against his and he did what he wanted to do. He kissed back.
“I can take care of myself I don’t need you fighting my battles. It’s my own damn fault to think that at least you would stop treating me like a child.” He snapped as he pushed past steve and Natasha wisely moved away from the door and let tony walk out without commenting.
“I don’t understand?” he asked and Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck burying his faace in Steve’s neck
He smiled when a mop of curly wet brown hair peeked through the door. He knew exactly whom that head of hair belonged to and he wanted nothing more than to run his fingers through them.
“Mr. Rogers?” steve snapped back to reality as he turned to look at the girl, blonde hair, green eyes. She was very pretty , with her bangs falling over her face and that sly smile they all always gave him when they were trying so hard to flirt with him. He knew all the girls pinned over him, they asked stupid doubts just so Steve would talk to them and it was well, steve couldn’t blame anyone really. They were just kids. Like tony.
And truth be told, it was not just her who was rattled by it, steve was now terrified of what might happen next time if he didn’t do something about it.
Bruce let me sit up, checking my pupils and asking more questions about the reactor. I knew the fastest way out of this was to deal with it. So I answered as much as possible patiently while the quinjet took us back to the tower. Once the quinjet docked, thor hopped off and turned back to give me a hand. Before taking it I turned to Bruce
“seve?” Tony slurred into his shirt
“Wait, are you saying we can just grab the whole lot and take it with us?” bruce asked and now they were all smiling. This is something Tony would be ecstatic about for sure. Atleast there was one good thing that came out of today’s discussion.
”I’ll tell you what, I will sit here with you the whole time. You don’t have to sleep, just rest okay?” Tony shook his head again lightly
Steve hadn’t been sleeping well off late and not that it did much to him, the serum and all, but he still felt off balance.
“Tony? Here , hey! I am fine” he said slowly raising his arms out towards Tony so as to not scare him and it would have been almost comical the way Tony froze if not for the situation .
Steve went in to grab some blankets, and he rummaged through his medical cabinet( also very well stocked, given his superhero status that often warranted a lot of medical emergencies) to grab a small flashlight and prepared a syringe with tramadol knowing Tony was in a lot of pain .
“Hey thor" Clint said throwing an apple at him fir him to hold up. Clint was testing his new arrows by shooting apples all over the quinjet. Thor held it up high over his head and waved his hand around to create a moving target. It was a funny scene, not a very uncommon one, but funny none the same to watch a couple of superheroes sit around playing.
Tony startled badly in his arms at the noise and Steve quickly lifted him onto the bed to get to his phone and before he could even leave the bed Tony caught hold of his hand tugging with all his might and Steve turned back to look at him confused
“I have to go to SHIELD, need to talk to natasha.” He said as he gently wrapped his wrist with a green self adhesive wrap. Tony looked at him pursing his lips and then biting the lower one. “You can stay here or come with me , I am sure clint would love to show you around"
They nodded in unison as thor stood up , “I will do everything I can" he said and left before giving Steve a rough shoulder pat.
“Okay, is that all?”
“hold still, I will be in and out in just a minute” he said as he laughed at Tony’s shocked expression .
“Okay, so its settled then. We are going to have so much fun once you are not sick anymore buddy" Clint saying smiling at him and Tony gave him an unsure smile.
“You doing okay?”
“put your shirt back on Steve, it’s blinding me” she said walking over to tony who tensed up.
“I didn’t know , I was just trying to comprehend and I couldn’t and I still cannot” he said forehead creasing but Steve didn’t have a free hand to smooth it out.
“she will be alright" he said and Steve felt awful for not consoling him , but really  it was kind of his fault.
“Well , you aren’t a genius for nothing I guess" he said ignoring the last comment Tony had made. Steve could not encourage it and he didn’t intend to. But today was hard day for everyone
“I will be” he said confidently and that was enough for Steve. He stood up and pushed Tony backwards onto the bed ,hovering over him.
“Does stane know?” Tony refused to look at them and that was answer enough. Steve growled , it vibratedthrough his chest as he thought about stanes audacity to have stormed in yesterday and talk about his boy getting hurt.
“I am sorry bruce! This is all my fault I am really really sorry" he said over and over again while Steve was still fuming and Bruce was just silent trying to comprehend.
“Trust yourself Steve,  you deserve this, and you deserve him" she said simply
“Now! I want them now” he said tilting his head up so he could kiss him.
(See the end of the chapter for
But there was a certain vulnerability to him today that Steve was just mostly taken aback, surprised or rather just didnt know how to respond to a vulnerable Tony without it bringing out the feelings he had for the boy which was not okay.
“tony, I need you to trust me on this okay? You are going to be just fine, I am going to stay here by your side the whole time , even when you are asleep. I know you are feeling vulnerable but I promise I will be here the whole time and nobody is going to touch you without your permission” Tony nodded against him , and Steve sighed pulling his legs down and lifting the gown.
“Yeah we had a late lunch"
“color?” he asked and Tony’s blushing cheeks were answer enough but he waited for Tony to say “green" before bending down and kissing the inside of his thigh as he pushed his legs wider at the hips and Steve’s touches becoming a little more rougher as he pinned Tony’s waist to the bed and took him in whole into his mouth.
“You won’t even touch yourself now?”  but tony didn’t smile he looked sadder in a way and that did not seem right for someone who just had an orgasm.
steve was very aware of how much it had hurt him when they had done it for the first time after weaning him off the morphine. He had been so thoroughly exhausted by the end of it ,he couldn’t string words together.
But the damage had already been done. Tony pulled away,  Natasha’s words clearly already ser deep in him mind.
“I am your teacher tony, do you even know how old I am?” He asked “Ten years ,well actually more ,older than you buddy” he said and tony glared at him and then huffed ignoring what he said first.
His voice was shaking and he tried to control the rising volume but it didn’t matter anymore because Tony’s eyes blinked open tiredly as he squinted forehead creased trying to make sense of his surroundings.
“If I had known all it took to put you to sleep was my teaching, I would have done it a lot sooner.” Steve smirked as Tony  snorted.
“So- sorry" he said using his palms to push at Steve’s chest in effectively.
“Tony” she said softly “you can stay with either me or Steve, I’ll leave it to you but you are not staying alone today" and Steve glared at natasha like she had just done the worst thing possible.
“Mm..noo" a displeased whine escaped his lips as Steve tried to move him off his chest and onto a more comfortable position on the couch so he could actually sleep. But Tony was being stubborn, his eyes so desperately wanting to close and he wouldn’t let them. He kept a tight hold on Steve’s shirt and his head against his chest enjoying the quiet rumble of Steve’s chest as he spoke quietly to him ,they spoke about Steve’s past, how he became captain america and how it changed things for him. Tony had a lot of questions and Steve tried to answer them as best as he could.
“yes, you can.” And Tony grinned at him and Steve knew exactly what he was going to ask next
Tony turned a shade pinker which was actually not all that bad considering how pale he was just moments before.
Everyone settled back into their chairs as Bruce quietly studied the monitors before tucking a blanket around tony and steve .
“Rumlow -"
“I need a shower.” He muttered and natasha chuckled
“Yeah" Steve refrained from kissing him , even though he really wanted to. He spoke nonsense softly trying to distract him from everything,  kept it up for another ten minutes until he felt Tony relax completely,  his eyes falling closed as his chin dropped on Steve’s chest.
“Breathe tony, nice and deep” he said taking a long breath himself feeling Tony rise against his chest as his puffed with the excess air and when he released it Tony came right back to him his head lolling back dropping below his chin.
Steve was getting worried that he was going to pass out “sweetheart” Tony’s eyes snapped up as he melted against Steve “can I put this on you?” He didn’t move away this time and Steve took it as an affirmative and held the mask over his mouth and nose.
"Honey" tony startled shutting up.
“I told you I am!” Steve sighed , laying an arm carefully beside tony, not touching .
“how are you feeling? Did anything happen at home?” steve asked him, seriousness taking over as Tony bounced lightly in his chair out of apparent excitement
Natasha ran her hand on the front of Tony’s pants the same way he had and smiled looking up “he is fine"
Tony’s hands were starting to shake as he turned to look at Steve eyes wide and pleading
It was startlingly clear to Steve, everything made sense suddenly, the flinch when Steve had bumped into him, hiding injuries , the panic attacks and not to mention Tony’s no touching policy. Someone was deliberately hurting him, and Steve was furious.
“where is my yogurt?” tony asked pouting at Steve and he raised an eyebrow at nat in return.
“yes please” Steve said and pulled the covers down that was surrounding tony still worried because tony had fallen into an exhaustive sleep when he generally denies sleep every chance he gets.
“a little rain wont get me sick, ow" he said as Steve tugged a little hard on his hair and Steve finally dropped the towel smirking at Tony’s glare he wrapped his fingers around Tony’s chin his lips squished together and gave him a light kiss before letting him go.
Tony ran his hand along Steve’s healing jaw bruise, and sighed “how about you? Are you okay?” he asked cocking his head to the left. Steve smiled , nodding his head yes. “a few cuts here and there , and the obvious shiner. Most of it is already gone” steve answered honestly in hope that tony would also do the same. But after a minute of waiting , and Listening to Tony’s now slightly wheezing breaths it was clear steve was not going to get anything out of tony without a little prodding.
“just before they put you under, you said you wanted obie because you were scared. Tony tell me you are okay with everything that’s happening please or I promise we will do everything to make sure you are.” Tony didn’t Stiffen like Steve thought he would, he actually looked surprised
Steve immediately wrapped both his arms around him pulling the rigid teen onto his lap and then picked himself and Tony off the couch. Tony sqwaked, grasping at the ice cream tightly.
“How you doing?” he asked him instead and Steve wasn’t sure why he was being asked that
Somewhere along the night, tony had finally relinquished his grip on Steve’s shirt and he had slowly pulled his limbs away from the sleeping teen which had gone numb from laying still for so long. Tony had fallen into an exhaustive sleep and Steve didn’t dare disturb him from his much needed rest. Steve had made natasha go check in with doctor if it was normal for Tony to be sleeping this long. But he had confirmed that Tony was currently battling exhaustion not just from the past two days but from atleast two weeks since he had found out captain America was dead and that this was bound be a slow recovery and they had to be patient.
“what’s there to talk about? It’s a secret mission.” He said shrugging his shoulders “I am sorry I came unannounced,  I should have waited till you gave me permission.”
“I know you feel like you need to protect me because I am so much younger than you. I understand that, but I can take care of myself. Besides if you are giving me the option  then I choose to be with you.” He said adamantly.
“You are mean" he said when Steve instead used a large hand to cover his eyes to pour water on his head to wash out the suds. “obie would never do this, but then again he would do things I didn’t want as well" and Steve froze as Tony continued to speak.
“did you have your dinner?” he asked Tony as he gently took Tony's hand in his, clipping on the pule oximeter to his finger and a few seconds later the entire room could hear as Tony’s heart raced in fear.
“code black in 3 .. 2..” Steve did not have time to think before reacting , everything happened so fast, the doors on the metro closing as pepper was screaming for Tony,Steve wrapping himself around Tony and pulling him to the ground covering as much flesh as possible and the loud boom that shook the entire station as the bomb exploded .
He reached Tony’s room in three seconds flat and found him sitting the same way he had left him. Je didn’t even look up when Steve crouched down in front of him.
“don’t make fun of me" he pouted and Steve smiled at him receiving a smack on his shoulder
“you want to take the catheter out?” he asked holding Tony still before he could hurt himself.
“No thor" Steve said rubbing his forehead with his palm. “ I am , well I don’t know what to call it yet. But yes, I am courting a person. And what natasha means by little is that HE is a little younger than me"  natasha scoffed
“it’s fine and no" Steve sighed ,it was going to be a long day.
“Are you feeling better now?” he asked as he rubbed Tony’s back slowly
“he will found out soon enough"  he told her , meaning he had actually forgotten to mention it to him.
“Its okay, happens” he soothed his hand on Tony back reaching for the bag.
