"You work at the Rabbit Hole"
A wish that flowed from John’s soul and sipped through his heart coloring his bones with the warm sweet scent of honey and its golden light till it came pouring out of his lips in a soft whisper.
“‘Name’s John Watson, you should meet him sometime”
He’d ran downstairs, not even stopping to wake Harry up, he hand’t been surprised to see her already taking the first steps down toward the kitchen. They’d always felt what the other was feeling, he knew without asking that the hairs on the back of her neck were standing up and a chill had settled down her spine. He slipped on the pancake batter spilt on the floor, he’d seen stars behind his eyes as he hit his head on the  hardwood floor, and then he’d heard the worse sound he would ever hear: the hushed sobs of his mother with a letter and a sea glass stone clutched  in her chest.  After that, John would never again eat pancakes on a Saturday and he would never again see his father.
“Hell, no! And now you’re just guessing!”
committed suicide of her own will, and how was that not
‘Cause I’d have to beat him up if he did
He’s not wrong – GL
And Mary? Where was she? With John, he could assume, but was she holding John up, just as she had before, or was she just as thrown by his exile as John presumably was? As much as he hoped he had made a difference to her, she was a trained assassin. She’d undoubtedly lost better friends than Sherlock in more tragic events. She would be standing tall today, baby or no baby. And Sherlock was glad. His doctor, his soldier, deserved a woman who would always stand tall.
Show us - Sarah
His name is Sherlock, and he’s the most incredible person I have ever met
"Well, since you're a doctor and all..." John joked, despite his curiosity and the little warning bell in the back of head, ringing over the evasive non-answers.
Well, he’s not texting now. His friends have just gotten into a row. Something to do with his brother, but I can’t tell exactly how
Forget my last text. Oh my God, I want to know everything about this bloke. Seriously, deduce him – GL
Uptown as in fancy or uptown as in handsome? – Molly
That wasn't to say going back to visit his father and Harry for Christmas had been a bad idea. Far from it, although not for the reasons Eric Watson had probably had in mind. The sermons John could tell had been stockpiled, tested for quality, and stored away to simmer over the year and a half John had been gone were carefully blocked out, the bigoted barbs and lamentable land mines artfully sidestepped, and the violence... Well. It didn't take more than a single attempt at another beating for Eric Watson to realize that he was overpowered. To recognize that any further efforts to beat the trans-ness out of John would end with him on his arse and his eldest child walking out the door and never returning. So no, coming home for Christmas may not have ended with John Watson's decision to go by Joan and use she/her pronouns like Eric wanted, but that did not make it a loss. At least from John's perspective.
“Thank you, my dear,” he said, bending down to kiss her farewell just as the doorbell rang with her cab. “Take care, Marissa Roberts.”
Harry must have remembered those afternoons, since it didn't take more than a few seconds for her to relax against him.
:) – Sarah
Enjoy!
sry – Bill
“Mmm, no,” Sherlock agreed, reaching up to nibble around her earlobe. “You are a goddess, even if you are wearing too many clothes.” He reached for her blouse to fix the problem, but she swatted his hand away lightly.
Cut it out, guys – Molly
“I’d love to help however I can,” John assured him.
This is not beta'd, not Britpricked, not even really revised much. This is really more like me trying to vomit the fluff bunnies out of my system so I can write actual plot. We'll see.
Thank you so much for all the lovely kudos and comments!
Can you at least come down to the station and walk me through it? The case doesn’t end for all of us when you’ve figured it out – GL
ur awfully interested – Bill
“Thought you’d have been able to tell, honestly,” John chuckled, and, after glancing questioningly at Sherlock for permission, walked fully into the room and began looking around.
man u give in easy – Bill
“As far as I can see, this other Sherlock’s story only has one flaw, that of our Moriarty. I have to see whether she has indeed escaped and how she did so. This will probably involve a fair bit of behavior you would not appreciate viewing or trying to replicate, so I shall go alone.” Joan rolled her eyes and got out of the car, but before she could close the door, Sherlock stopped her. “Clarity may necessitate me calling you Joan for the time being, but it might just be the strangest part of this case so far.”
“Yeah, you want one?” John cheered mentally when the fat bastard’s smug, superior smile soured, setting his face in the blandest expression he could manage.
“Quite a popular one, for some inane reason,” he huffed. “Is that what you are to this world’s Sherlock? His blogger?”
“Yep.” Sherlock stood blinking at him for several more seconds.
[Group Chat –
But it had been ages since he had really talked to someone, and he ached with the reality of that. So he went to St. Bart's.
“Although this may prove advantageous, since I am on a quest of sorts to demolish any and all remains of my Moriarty’s empire,” he concluded. “If this other Moriarty was here, than the web has almost certainly extended over here.”
? “Why in God’s name did you let him get away?”
“Sherlock, tell the truth, please.” Sherlock glared at her and then down at his sheets.
“To be honest, we haven’t the slightest,” Bell replied a bit sheepishly. “No one has filed a disappearance of anyone fitting his description, and he isn’t in any of our files. No one on file matches his appearance, DNA, or fingerprints, but we expect that should all fall into line when he wakes up. If you want to go up and take a crack at him, he’s in room 202. That’s where your partner is now.” Sherlock nodded his thanks and made his way upstairs to meet her.
, it agrees.
I'm turning 18 and catching a bus to Disney World tomorrow, so my happiness will already be peaked, but you can still grant me a birthday wish of comments, kudos, and subscribers. I love you all, and enjoy the story.
And I still can’t get over how quickly you text – GL
“That sounds pretentious and irritating,” he chuckled.
“Yes,” Sherlock huffed indignantly. “Why else would I have asked for it?”
BULLSHIT – GL
Do I really have a strange face, Lestrade?
“Well, I’m not telling you to piss off, so let’s take this picture, send it to your colleague and my friends so they won’t be a pain for either of us, then you can tell me what else is so clearly elementary about me while we wait for this bloody thing to get us where we’re going.” He smiled his most winning smile up at him, unable to help the hint of flirtatiousness that entered his tone, unwilling to care. “My name’s John, by the way, in case you hadn’t guessed.”
Anyway, with graduation and final college decisions (I'm probably gonna have to say no to my first choice because they want close to $20K) and my last three exams ahead of me, I offer you Chapter 6! As always, kudos, subscriptions, bookmarks, and comments make the stress and effort bearable, but just an extra person reading makes my week, so sit back and enjoy!
“The question did cross my mind.”
“Sherlock?” John echoed, eyes wide. “Who in God’s name gives their kid the name ‘Sherlock’?”
“Well, goddamn.” John panted into Sherlock’s shoulder, surprised when he suddenly tensed.
[Group Chat –
“It’s to do with the murders,” he added, hesitantly.
John?
“And I told you that I believed you, with or without the demonstration,” she sighed, walking around him to check the puncture wound. Her voice spoke of annoyance, but her eyes were fond.
“Not good?” came the low inquiry, and John frowned over at his new lover.
, Mike, Molly, Bill, Sarah]
His frown deepened when the door opened with a squeak he could hear even across the busy platform, and a man stepped out. John couldn't get a good look at him through the crowd, cursing his short stature yet again, but he could tell he was a prat. He didn't know how he knew, but he definitely knew. Maybe it was his deliberate artfully coiffed curls, maybe it was the creeper coat with the red buttonhole that John couldn't tear his eyes from, maybe it was the way he seemed to bounce on his toes without actually doing so... John didn't know what it was, but he trusted his instinct.
and ur overruled mate – Mike
“You’d better hope not, I think,” he replied. “I hardly ever go out except to work, and I solve murders for a living.” John laughed, even as his heart sank sluggishly in his chest.
Oh, shut up!
Tell you what: I just got wind of one of those suicides you’ve been pissing me off trying to get a part of, only this one left a note. If you catch him taking the photo, not only let him know you saw him take it, but offer to take a selfie with him. Only when you send me the picture of you and him in the same frame will I let you in on the suicides
Can’t work without your statement, can’t get your statement without making sure you don’t murder Accurate Titles Bloke – GL
It seems there is some sort of delay on the track. Maintenance, apparently
(And what a man thought about when he and his right hand were alone together was his own damn business, thank you very much.)
No, I would imagine he didn’t.
Joan reflects on her time with her partner, and Sherlock takes a swim in the Hudson.
[Text Coversation:
, he thought, staring at the back of her head. All that fire and steel hiding behind a fairly ordinary, innocuous face? Fury so complete it frightened even him (but only slightly), but still controlled enough she could make rational and even (arguably) compassionate choices? She was even intelligent enough to pin him as a drug addict, something not even John could do at first. Then she went and left him off the morphine, even though she was far angry enough to plug him back in.
message unsent
Seriously? – GL
“Well, thank goodness you’re above all that,” John observed, grinning slightly, then frowning as his phone vibrated in his pocket.
…That came out gayer than I thought it would be
“You were, too, you know,” he responded, sounding a little unsure of himself.
- in his little white lies? Or was it initially, when he first deduced her and saw her honest, passionate love for John? When he saw how happy that love made John? Sherlock shook his head ruefully, begrudging humor and restrained tears brightening his eyes. He doubted there was any singular moment, honestly, that he fell for her. She was tricky, slippery, making him love her so gradually he had nothing left to fight her when he realized it.
"John, you wouldn't believe me if I told you," the Doctor responded, amusement glittering across his face. "Besides, it's a long story, and I think you could do with some ice on that eye of yours before it swells completely shut."
going to get sick of that anytime soon) and darted into the bathroom. Once he heard the shower running, he grabbed his trousers from the floor and pulled out his phone, fully intending to look up a rehab clinic for Harry. Instead, he smiled and opened the group text.
No not really – GL
Next chapter: Sherlock's first day in London, and his introduction to John in Bart's (because I do actually love writing it, despite what this chapter might suggest).
“Gavin.”
Tell Harry I hate her
“In his mind, certainly. If you would ask him, he’d probably say his archenemy,” he elaborated. “He’s always been so dramatic.”
“Through this way, Doctor Watson.”
“You’re all wet.”
“This ok?”  He asks.
He’d missed this.  Waking up next to someone.  When Mary was still alive, he’d roll over wrapping his arm around her.  Finding the hem of her shirt, he’d run his fingers up the soft skin of her belly until he could cup her breast.  He’d nuzzle the hair on the back of her neck and hold her against his chest.  Listen to her breathing, feel her breathing.
I get dressed and go out.  I don’t really know what draws me to there, but I go to the bank, to the safety deposit box that holds the musty photo album that tells the sick, miserable story of the Rimac family.  I have not opened it.  Not since the day I sat on the stained carpet in Rimac’s house.  When the mailman delivered it to Baker Street straight from the nursing home where Jovan Rimac took his own life, I brought it here to the safety deposit box.  I never even took it upstairs.  I could not let its presence infect my home.
“While I was unconscious, that was the first time he raped me.”
“I’m sorry.  I just needed a break from all this.  Just for a little while.”  Sherlock whispers.
“Ergo?”
“Good.”  I reassure him.
“Electrical burn and um, staples.”
“I’m aware of how this sounds.  You must think I am a terrible person.  A terrible parent.  It’s not normally like that.  He is clean now, he isn’t dangerous, he is really a wonderful person.  He’s never done anything to threaten anyone innocent.  It was an isolated incident.”
I think I hear John’s voice.  I know I do.  But
“Let’s walk down to the sea before he comes,” he suggests, as if we don’t walk there every afternoon.
I can hear him swallow.
“Oh god, I know how bad this is going to sound.” I said with my heart in my gut.  “The last one; I put him in hospital.  Can I explain a bit?”
so bright.  I try to cover my face.  The skin on my had pulls.  Catheter.  That’s how they keep drugging me.  I reach to take
She looks into my eyes with a bright light; I fight down the memory of the sound of fists against flesh that come with the bright spots in my vision.
Maybe that is why I came here.
“So, what coping strategies do you use now when you feel angry?”
Greg steps in the door, saving me from thinking about it further.  He looks rumpled as he surveys the room with tired eyes.
“Yes.”  Comes a clear answer from Sherlock.  His voice is low, but the answer is clear.
“Not if you don’t finish telling me what is so important to you.”  I can feel his grin against my neck.  He knows full well the way he is tormenting me.
“Go up and get warm and dry.  I’ll bring you some tea.”
“I haven’t been with anyone since Mary.”  He confesses.  “I’m an idiot; when I was with her, I was nearly tempted to step outside our marriage and, now that she is gone, I feel like I would be betraying her more somehow.”
Awareness again.  Clarity.  Ambulance.  Oh good.  That means hospital.  Maybe they can fix this.  I can hear Johns voice.  He will make it alright.  He usually does, in the end.  He takes my hand and tells me to be still, tells me that I am ok.  I’m not sure whether to believe him.
When John was ten years old he’d woken up on a Saturday morning like any other before and he’d known, deep down, he’d known that nothing would ever be the same again.
John is making his way back to his apartment, it’s almost 3am and he’s exhausted. The restaurant has never been busier, a source of pride for John since it means that his food is actually good. But sometimes he just wishes to make it home at a decent hour. He’s thinking of a nice hot shower and a good glass of whiskey when he realizes that he’s passing the loading dock for the bakery. Before he can speed up a white cloud of sugar explodes around him as the bags are being slammed on the conveyer belt into the shop. And not one of the guys working at the shop can be bothered to give a damn about it.
Well then, this happened.
"S'this alright? Like this? I want to see you" Sherlock seemed to be beyond words, with flush cheeks and sweaty arms he shyly wrapped both legs around John's waist in response. With shaking hands John tore the condom open and slowly rolled it up on himself gasping at how sensitive he already was, he didn't remember the last time he'd bean so needy and eager.
There weeks later Sherlock was in a dismal mood, for the past two weeks he’d been, for the lack of a better word,
Sherlock bit his already swollen lower lip before shyly nodding his head in a quiet nod.
Without stopping to think John took off at full speed toward the market. If only to prove to himself that he hand't made the whole thing up. By the time he made it to the loading docks of the bakery John was practically vibrating with anticipation, as thought by some miracle the mysterious man would be there waiting for him. In the end he'd just stood there looking like a lost child about to burst into tears. He'd huffed out a laugh and stared to walk back toward his apparent when he suddenly remembered that there was a postal store on this way home and that he might as well accomplish something productive before work. Besides, it had been a long time and he missed Harry.
Sherlock remembers the night everything went tits up, it had started like any other night.
“Right then” His father began in a stern voice. This was new, Mycroft thought with an arched brow as his father fidgeted with the seam of his jumper. Father was nervous, but father never got nervous. This was most alarming. In a panic Mycroft began to think of all the possible reasons as to why his father sounded like he was about to tell him his dog had died, a ridiculous thought, since Mycroft had never been inclined to keep any sorts of pets or companions. Mycroft had always been content in being by himself closed off to the rest of the world with his books. No, there was no need for other people, there were mummy and father, even Mrs. Smythe who would bake cakes almost every afternoon and let him polish off the icing from the spoon.
was indeed a one of a kind shop. Sherlock had made sure of it.There was no sign outside that drew attention to it, one had to know what to look for in order to actually find it. This had been a point of a heated discussion with Mycroft who, as the only investor in the shop, seemed to think it unwise. In the end Sherlock had won and there was no sing outside. The shop itself was very small, burrowed between a modest family owned pharmacy and a postal store. Out of the way of most other restaurants and cafes. There was only seating room for ten to fifteen people with the rest of the shop filled with bookcases and tables topped with different and odd trinkets. The walls were all covered in busy black and white wallpaper and lined with heavy wood shelves. The cafe had the feel of a very old and opulent study. Even Anderson with his almost vampiric like aura seemed to be another hand picked addition to the overall decor.
It had been six weeks since John had first walked into the shop. All flushed wearing that ridiculous tight white shirt and running shorts that screamed "Look at me!". It'd been six torturous weeks of John's smile as he carried boxes of pumpkins for Sherlock. Six weeks of John walking into the kitchen to put away unused plates and stealing looks at him. Six weeks of accidental touches that sent his mind reeling and his body flooding with anticipation and heat.
Sherlock's cheeks were burning by the time John pressed his nose to his palm and his belly lit on fire the moment John took an obscenely slow deep breath against his skin. This was by far the most John had touched him before and by his mother's garden it felt like the most tentalizing thing Sherlock had ever felt. "God I love the smell of lemons on your skin" John basically purred into his palm and Sherlock could've sworn he felt a small flick of John's tongue against his skin.
There is nothing he can do, he’s covered head to toe in sugar. John starts to laugh and walk through as he’s raking one hand through his hair and whipping his thumb over his lower lip licking  the sugar off it with his other hand when it happens. He catches the eyes of a man looking straight at him. They’re the color of sea glass half hidden by a mop of dark curls.
The first time it happened he’d padded down to the kitchen to distract himself. No one else was awake and he was very sure that Mycroft would follow through with his promise of shaving off his head if he woke him up in the middle of the night again just to “check if he
And so, with all the confidence of a six year old Sherlock had marched down the stairs at four in the morning, gone through the pantry till he’d liberated the cocoa beans he had managed to pester Mrs. Smythe into buying and set himself about roasting them. Soon after Mrs. Smythe had walked into the kitchens just in time to witness a small explosion that rendered the wood-fired oven inoperable and left Sherlock without a left eyebrow for the better part of that year. That night Sherlock had dreamt stracciatella gelato mixed with roasted cocoa beans.
With a moan Sherlock pressed back into John, seeking more, wanting friction, wanting to feel more of John's muscled body against his. Anything to make this feeling last. Before Sherlock can think of anything to make his need known John's hands start traveling down. Circling around his hips and down his thighs, fingernails scrapping trough his trousers against the sensitive skin of his inner thighs and he can't take it anymore. "John! Please!".
"And how do you know what they taste like?"
"It's limes" He repeated a little louder, surprised at how steady his voice sounded. "I'm making coconut tarts with lime shavings".
with a little pep in his step. Half an hour later the loud clatter could still be heard coming from the kitchen and a strong smell of spice and whiskey wafted through the entire shop.
. Stop these thoughts altogether before John thought him an imbecile incapable of uttering a full cohesive sentence.
And just like that, Sherlock feels like he’s been struck by lighting, because John is looking straight at him.
An all too please smile spread over John's face. "Alright. I'll see you tomorrow morning then. Cheers Mike" And without waiting for a reply John Watson walked out of the
“uh huh.. actually a friend of mine works there, he’s the sous chef, gave it to me last night”
We get to see a little bit of what Mycroft during his younger days. I've always had a soft spot for him.
there had only been Sherlock.
Suddenly John's hands are gone and Sherlock instantly misses the contact. Before he can do or say anything in protest he's being turned around and crowded into he cooking table by John's body against his. Jon's lips against his are soft and warm barely touching his. John's hands move to cradle his jaw and Sherlock can feel a small sigh of contentment leaving his lips. Their first kiss is nothing like what Sherlock imagined. It's reverent and loving and Sherlock wants nothing more than to stay like this forever. He finds himself returning the kiss, moving his lips against Johns. Soon the kitchen is filled with stifled moans and wet sounds as their kisses become more desperate.
He’d been so close, god, he thought about what it would’ve been like if he’d stayed as he stumbled off his trousers and pants. What it would’ve been like to run his hands through John’s hair. He fell on all fours in the bed, thinking of what it would’ve been to have those strong arms wrapped around his waist, to have those hands run down his sides, inside his thighs. He thought of how John’s bottom lip might’ve tasted between his own, covered in sugar.
"Well they smell just as delicious as they taste" John said as he lowered Sherlock's hand. Not letting go.
He was compact but not small, lean and muscular. He moved about with the confidence of someone who was both proud and sure of what their body was capable of. It was mesmerizing to watch, the way in which he moved, the way his muscular arms flexed as he examined the fish. The way his sandy blonde hair bounced around as she shook with laughter.  Sherlock sucked in a breath at the sight of a thin strip of skin that showed as the blonde lifted one of the fish up in the air letting his white t-shirt ride up his muscular torso.
Sherlock didn’t realize that he was leaning in trying to listen to the blonde’s conversation. He wondered what his voice sounded like, what his laugh sounded like. He nearly jumped out of his skin when Mr. Kim loudly called out his name while aggressively waving a piece of tuna in his face. In the end Sherlock had stormed out of the fish marked and gone home. He’d fallen asleep on the couch that morning and he dreamt of seared tuna salad.
, he has to know, there is no other explanation. It must be written all over his face. All of those thoughts. Thoughts about pink plump lips covered in sugar, the way Sherlock had moaned as he imagined the taste of John's neck while drowning in the waves of his own pleasure just a few hours ago. Oh dear gods above.
" Sherlock was practically sobbing into John's shoulder. Whatever little self control John had managed to hold onto left him as he picked up the pace and started to slam in and out of Sherlock's hot tight body into
a cloud of sugar explodes around John, and
HARDER
As Sherlock came shouting his name and contracting around him, hot fluid spilling over his hand, John buried himself deep in his lover one last time as he came screaming Sherlock's name. It could've lasted only minutes but it all felt like it had lasted an entire lifetime. When the last aftershock had passed and John regained his vision he carefully and bonelessly eased out of Sherlock with a small shudder. He began to lay kisses on Sherlock's temple, down his jaw and the top of his nose till finally capturing those beautifully kiss swollen lips into a deep and slow kiss which Sherlock sleepily returned while moaning his name.
"Because everything you make tastes delicious" The heat on John's voice could've powered the entire electric grid a week. And Sherlock felt himself smiling, unable to resist John's charm. "If what I've tasted so far is anything to go by". The moment John's lips grazed his neck Sherlock lost all resolve. He felt himself melt into the touch while a small moan escaped his lips. John's hands were on his hips, traveling up to his abdomen and carresing his flesh through his shirt while he suckled a small bruise where his jaw and ear meet. His arousal pressing hard and firm into the back of Sherlock's left thigh.
He was lost in thoughts of what it would be like being a cowboy riding through the great Andes under the clear blue sky and the hot sun instead of being in England where stormy clouds were ever present. He could almost feel the sun on his face and the wind flow through his auburn (
down below, between his thighs.
Two more weeks and Sherlock had nearly forgotten about the stranger when he found himself staring at him for the second time. He was even better than what Sherlock remembered. There he was, talking to an elderly woman in a purple dress inside the restaurant. He was smiling, hands behind his back, the sleeves of his chef’s double breasted coat hugging his slightly flexed biceps with a towel casually draped over his left shoulder. The woman had said something to make him smile as she lifted one hand to his cheek and Sherlock saw the blonde leaning into the touch. He wondered how the five o’clock shadow would feel under the pads of his fingers.
By the third time he’d been found in the kitchens trying to bake a banana flavored cake Mrs. Smythe had just taken a deep breath and slyly hidden the matches. Mycroft had been more than happy to assist Sherlock in his culinary exploits by tasting all of his creations. He’d praise the good ones (usually the cakes) and solemnly nod and chew his way through the less savory ones. And so time passed and the Holmes family fell in the routine of each taking turns tasting Sherlock’s concoctions. By the time Sherlock was seventeen Mycroft’s middle had a rather impressive circumference when compared to the rest of this limber body which he continued to hide behind well tailored suits and their father had all together given up and let out all of his waistcoats.
Mike moved to flip the closed sign on the door to open and great the first costumer with an ever knowing smile. And to Anderson's delight that afternoon they would be serving bread pudding with whiskey sauce.
“Yeah yeah, you know I will” John said with a smile as he walked away.
Sherlock avoided walking into the shop during working hours all costs simply because he hated engaging with any of the costumers. This was why Mike had been perfect, not only was he not a total idiot but his round face and ever pink cheeks made him approachable. Perfect for working the register. The fact that Mike needed the extra help and that out of dozens of fresh faced and hopeful contestants Anderson had been the only one able to withstand Sherlock’s ever changing moods only added to his boss’ annoyance.
“Sherlock, I want you to meet my friend John Watson” Mike said casually with the expression of a cat who’s just eaten the biggest possible canary.
Hullo!
"For what it's worth" Sherlock managed in a breathy whisper while the lovely shade of pink spreading over his cheeks deepens, "I'm not usually amenable to the boyish charms of handsome chefs" a look of bewilderment that soon turns into excitement crosses his face. "In fact, this has never happened before"
For the fist time in twelve years Mycroft Holmes could not, for the life of him, make sense of the words he’d just heard.
Twenty minutes later find John panting and covered in sweat as he tries to think if he dreamt  the whole thing up. He ran toward where the mystery man had disappeared, he must’ve looked like a madman covered in white dust shouting into an empty street for someone who clearly had no intentions of stopping to stop and wait.
Once finally naked John guided Sherlock down into the bed which protested with a loud creak of its springs. Sherlock's legs immediately wrapped around John's waist while his hips rocked up seeking contact and friction. "Oh, Fucking
And so John had whispered his wish till he fell asleep in Harry’s arms while Harry had wished with all her hear that their mother had been right, and that wishes really did have the power to come true.
Sherlock can see it all play in slow motion, the flash of surprise and confusion pass through John’s face. The indecision and sudden resolve form in his eyes. He knows what John is about to do a second before John takes the first step and starts to pull air into his lungs to speak.
Sherlock snapped his head up to find John looking at him with a glint in his eyes. Those blue eyes that were so warm and inviting, head cocked to the side with a small amused smile on his face. It gave him the appearance of an eager puppy waiting for a pat on the head.
In the end it was Mycroft who had overseen the negotiations for a treaty between his parents and his dear baby brother. It had been good practice for Mycroft as both sides seemed to be equally obstinate when it came to making small concessions. By the end of the week Sherlock moved into a small flat in the city and his name was signed to a small corner shop that looked only a bit macabre (which secretly pleased Sherlock very much). The compromise came in the form of Mycroft’s promise to keep an eye on his little brother, a liberty he was able to take due to his small government position, and the pledge to keep a healthy distance.
"Does anyone ever really know?"
(See the end of the chapter for
lips shiny with spit. "God Sherlock, you're so beautiful, I wish you could see yourself"
"John!" He gasped as John's nose nuzzled between his thighs slowly suckling at the tender skin there. John leaved a wet lick across the head of Sherlock's cock, wrapping his tongue around and under , ending in a light suckle that earned him a shout of profanities. As he swallowed Sherlock almost to the root he lifted Sherlock's hands from where they had wrapped themselves in the bedsheets to his hair where they immediately weaved through and took hold. Sherlock's hips bucked into his mouth, seeking more, wanting the hot wet pressure of his tongue against his sensitive skin.
"Right, well John here can help you I'm sure. You know I can't lug around all those boxes. Besides, I need Phillip here to help me while you're gone"
food?”
Eight months later Mycroft Holmes found himself speechless for the second time in his short life. He was certain he’d prepared thoroughly for the occasion. He’d even gone as far as to implore with Mrs. Smythe to take him into town and help him spend the better part of his past five allowances combined to purchase his first proper suit. After all, first impressions mattered, and he fully intended to be dressed properly when he was to meet his baby brother for the first time.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Pardon?" Sherlock could feel the smile on John's lips.
Exactly a week later, on a Sunday afternoon John sat in a cold and dark closet, hidden behind his mother’s dresses and his father’s coats with Harry next to him. He’d worn his best suit and Harry her best black dress and they’s said goodbye to their mother. John had known then, that his mother had died of a broken heart. That she’d love their father so much his loss had broken her heart and she'd died. That he hand’t been enough, that Harry hadn’t been enough, and that he never wanted to love anyone as much as that, he never wanted to love. Not if it meant that he too would one day die of a broken heart. And so, he remembered his mother's words and he held the stone his father had sent their mother close to his heart and he wished.
What are you doing John?” Harry had asked in a hoarse voice, eyes puffy and red from crying.
That voice. It reminded Sherlock of the first time he’d tasted whiskey. The way it burned his throat leaving behind a trail of fire before settling in his belly. Its soft sloshing stoking warmth through his body.Like the coals on the fireplace of his father’s study where he'd nicked it from. Sherlock decided that he could listen to that voice for ages...
“Wishing for my true love
That night, after his not so cold or short shower, Sherlock had dreamed of artichoke salad with pear vinegar. Anderson, for once, was very happy about the change in menu.
John fell asleep on his couch with a half empty glass of whiskey as the sunrise broke over the water. There was a little bit of sugar behind his right ear where he had forgotten to scrub. That morning John dreamt of eyes the color of sea glass and hair as dark as the night for the first time.
"Stay, please say you'll stay, be with me?" John asked in between lazy wet kisses.
surely no man was allowed to have such beautiful lips if they weren't meant to be bitten and kissed and filled with naughty sounds, were they?
Sherlock's stomach dropped to the floor. John remembers. John remembers it's him he saw this morning.
Sherlock’s heart thumped through his chest as he heaved deep desperate breaths leaning against the door of his apartment. He’d ran the whole way without looking back. He could still hear John yelling for him to stop, even now he imagined what that voice would sound like next to his ear whispering  his name as he palmed his cock through his trousers.  A low moan braking from  his lips at the friction.
! THERE!
Sherlock sucks in a quick breath and bites his lower lip down hard. He’s stopped walking, he can’t even remember where he was going in the first place and for once he can’t be arsed to care. Even tho the early morning is blissfully cool and there is still a light breeze floating through the air he can feel the sweat pooling at his lower back and the heat begin to build low in his belly and
"OH GOD JOHN!
Outside, Lilian Holmes smiled fondly at the sight of two sets of almost identical feet sticking out from under the large mahogany desk. It was one of her favorite things to do from the rocking chair in the garden, to look into her husband’s study at the two men she loved most in the world. Soon to be a set of three.
To no one’s surprise Sherlock had announced that he would not be attending university, as they had nothing of value to teach him there. Instead he would be moving to the city to open his own shop where he could continue his culinary studies on his own. His parents had resisted almost immediately.  “How can an eighteen year old be expected to run a successful business!” Lilian Holmes had practically cried into his father’s chest when Sherlock had casually announced his plans over afternoon tea.
The Fox Tail is an actual coffee shop in Orland FL that I happened to see during holiday. It was rather cute and I loved the name!
He kissed his way down Sherlock's chest in slow deliberate kisses. Stopping to lick at one nipple teasing it till it was up and hard for him only to move to the other one earning him wild little moans and pleading sounds that sounded a lot like his name. "Up sweetheart, lift your hips for me" Sherlock realized what was about to happen just as John positioned a pillow underneath his hips, leaving him opened and exposed.
The morning was crisp, the sky clear and blue with promises of fall in the air. Soon there would be pumpkins and apples everywhere with cinnamon scenting everything. But for now there was only the promise of change in the air and John fully gave into the feeling. He'd made it a full five steps outside the front door of his building before images of grey eyes and a mop of dark curls hit him like a tidal wave. He'd mumbled and apology to a poor old woman who shrieked as he almost ran her off the sidewalk.
Anyway, next chapter's going to be a little early, since I won't have an Internet connection a week from today. Expect it Thursday, if not late on Wednesday. After that, I'll be going back to my regular schedule.
she knows mate - Bill
“That and I don’t particularly care for those who insult my partner,” the man said, and the other Watson’s eyes sparked for a moment before softening. Sherlock caught her eye and raised a brow (even though it hurt like hell), and she glared at him. “So let’s get this over with, shall we? Who are you, and how did you come to land in the Hudson River during my partner’s morning run?”
“I just came to say goodbye. I can’t be late for my plane, and I already called a car,” she apologized. He accepted this with a nod and sat up to begin dressing. “Thank your partner for the coffee on my behalf, will you? I made you a fresh pot and some eggs as my thank you to you.”
“Who knows?” Other Sherlock said. “This version of me seems to be quite a sight more attractive than I. Perhaps he and your alternate universe counterpart are in a romantic relationship of some sort or another. Frankly, it wouldn’t surprise me.” Other Watson seemed to choke, and Sherlock snorted, both at her expression and at the thought. “What?”
If only Lestrade would stop bloody
What was that about his cheekbones, though? – Molly
“An enemy?” John asked, wondering if he ought to just punch Big Brolly Brother in the face and risk running for it. He’d just about maxed out his capacity for handling odd that day.
“An interested party,” Big Brolly Brother replied, smug smile back in place and blissfully unaware of his new nickname. “And the closest thing Sherlock’s got to a friend.”
“Ta. You want to get cleaned up and go back to bed, or should we stay up and wait for Round Two? It’ll be daylight in a bit.” Without warning, John found himself on his side and alone in bed, and Sherlock grabbing for his clothes and cursing rapidly to himself.
AND I know you well enough to know that you’re sulking right now, which to any random stranger, would appear as though you were plotting murder – GL
return (the anchorwoman's words, not his), and took the next day off of work to drink himself into the earliest grave possible.
Gimme a sec
Sherlock snorted softly - when did he become so sentimental? - and the guard shifted slightly, obvious uncomfortable. Sherlock stifled another snort at the thought of a snort forewarning an attack even as his Mind Palace supplied him numerous cases in which it did, with footnotes. Curious, Sherlock poked through them again, surprised and simultaneously unshocked when “Thank God John was there” was included in some form or another in almost all of them. John wouldn’t be able to be there for him anymore.
No, he said he didn’t want to, but his friends are repeatedly texting him, so I anticipate him giving in to their demands shortly
First of all, I don't know ages of people. Like, at all. I am guessing. I am also guessing how joining the army for the express purpose of becoming a doctor works. We haven't gotten there, but when we do, that will be all guesswork.
"What's your name, then?"
So…Sherlock’s soul mate, then?
Soon enough, though, he ended up outside his aunt's door. He stood, struck dumb by exhaustion and inertia, staring at the door for what could have been seconds or hours, nothing but a dull whirring in his ears.
“If you learned anything about me last night,” she giggled, tilting her head to give him more room, “you should know that I am no lady.”
Ya, just routine maintenance shit, but seriously wtf?
He’s obviously in a group chat – texting four different people without changing the screen at all – and he got two responses about his announcement of his entrapment here. One was from another friend, but one inspired clear exasperation tinged with guilt and a slight cringe later when he received later texts from others in the group chat mocking either him or her about the slight blunder.
Those are my conditions. Take them or leave them – GL
Joan didn’t say it, but the thought struck her like lightning. Instead, she latched onto the one bit that surprised her. “You said he had a blog?”
“For two years, yes, I did,” Jamie continued, beginning to type into the keyboard at her side one-handed. “I intentionally blinded myself to the country Sherlock relocated to, which meant I had no idea he was in the United States until he had already caught onto my trail, this time sober and bent with revenge, complete with a partner who seemed to only strengthen his powers of deduction. From what I hear, there’s a Watson in this universe too, only half as effective as a partner.”
Im with Mike. Plz get over my sister
When Sherlock murmured, “Bed,” against John’s lips and started pulling at his jumper, he got his answer. He reached down to grope the fantastic arse, and, feeling like showing off wouldn’t be too out of place, lifted. Sherlock grunted in surprise, then wonder, as John started carrying him in the direction he thought the bedroom would be. “It’s the door –
Bit o both, rly. Hes got the strangest face, but it kinda works for him
Sherlock opened his eyes and scowled when the bare, cream walls of his hospital room greeted him. He
“We’ll need to shower first.”
wut? – Mike
“I worry about him. Constantly.”
“Breaking the known laws of physics isn’t for the pure at heart, my dear,” she replied. “Anyway, Sherlock Holmes was turning into a serious pain in my rear, so I decided to make a study of him, see what it was about him that made him so challenging an opponent. So I seduced him and began to date him as an artist named Irene Adler, and I looked to see what I could find.” Sherlock fought off the surge of surprise, annoyance (this other Sherlock Holmes sounded like a true amateur), and amusement. This would be the second naked Irene Adler he’d met. How trivial.
“Godfrey.”
“No,” John answered, trying to hold onto his indignation and anger despite the laugh that bubbled up at the text.
Rolling his eyes at his own sentiment, Sherlock glanced around the room. It was a standard American room for unidentified individuals - three homeless men, four women, and two children, plus two schizophrenics and one amnesiac in the past ten days - most likely in New York or Chicago, judging by the crowding of the patients. He remembered the Hudson River and hazarded New York. Three nurses had come by to check on him since he’d been settled - one wearing Claire de la Lune (one of the more pleasantly subtle kinds that also did an admirable if unintended job of hiding undesirable scents - well-liked among nurses to hide the smell of their patients and among politicians to hide their various corruptions), one with a date with his abusive girlfriend that night and a father with cancer, and one so in denial about his own homosexuality (likely because of America’s brazen and frankly idiotic streak of homophobia) that he was engaging in unfulfilling and likely unsafe sex with as many of the female nurses as possible - so he decided he had been out for approximately three to six hours. He concluded his sweep by looking over the equipment attached to him, freezing when he saw the small machine attached to his IV.
“I think I can handle an extra few stairs,” John said, and the bubbles in his stomach caught fire at his smile.
And, really, wasn’t that the tipping point? Did they really want to know about Mary? Did they really want to know that she was an assassin, a rogue one at that? Was that knowledge really worth his life and freedom? She would’ve never hurt either of them, couldn’t have, but John deserved the truth. Sherlock nodded slightly. John, at least, deserved the truth. Now they move on with their life, their baby, while John seeks to reconcile Mary with AGRA. At least she wasn’t boring about it.
“No swimmer,” Bell greeted him with a nod. “We’re not sure why, but your partner said he fell out of the sky into the river.”
Sherlock opened his eyes, smiling as the face of Marissa swam into focus. The sounds of something frying, the coffee pot brewing, and his cocks distantly clucking registered gradually. Good sex always made him sluggish the morning after (part of why he was so active between cases; a few minutes of sluggishness were a few minutes he didn’t have to worry about boredom), and Marissa was the best he’d had in ages. He decided with some pleasant surprise that she was the first sober brunette he’d enjoyed vanilla sex with since before he met Irene Adler. He wondered if it had anything to do with her fluent and frequent Chinese profanity during the act - using words even he did not know, much to his delight - and decided to experiment more with foreign women in future exploits. Perhaps he had a kink he was not previously aware of.
“Not particularly Swiss,” she countered with a sunny smile. “Yet you do have an impeccable accent. Were I anyone but me, you would have gotten away with that accent. Yet again I ask: Who are you?”
Of the three assassins Moriarty had hired, of course the one assigned to kill John Watson (if Sherlock lived) got away.
??? – Molly
, that Sherlock only knew what to expect until John decided he didn’t want him to. Sherlock fell in love with him was like literally falling but only so far at a time, each time like thinking he was at the end of a staircase and falling down the one remaining step he’d forgotten. He’d fallen in love with John when he walked into St. Bart’s that first day, and he hadn’t even known that
Joan chuckled quietly. “Not even close, but I still doubt I’ll get used to it.”
All the same, years of getting good manners practically beaten into her by her no-nonsense parents had her reaching for the coffee maker and preparing a fresh pot, despite her reluctance to drink it when she and Sherlock were not on a case. She set a small stack of to-go cups next to the pot and scribbled a quick “Help yourself!” on a post-it note, which she stuck to the pot.
"Joan!"
You are not making a very good case as an intelligent person, Detective Inspector
“Yes. It is.” he stood again and walked to the door. “That was mere brotherly advice.”
"Then, I suppose it's nice to meet you, Doctor," John said, and the Doctor flashed him a smile.
. I am Sherlock Holmes, the world’s first and only consulting detective, and I was sent here by your Moriarty, the wife and widow of my nemesis Jim Moriarty, from a parallel universe in which many things are similar but not quite the same.” With that, Sherlock sat back and stared at his counterpart in this universe, who had obviously been robbed of all speech.
“Well, I’m off to the police station to meet up with Sherlock and find out what he learned. One or both of us will be back soon,” she said, and he nodded. She stared at him a moment longer, hardly believing this madman was to be a part of their lives until he took down the remnants of Moriarty’s web. She turned and walked down the hallway, shaking her head at herself.
Too many variables for that much precision
“In a rush, brother mine?” Mycroft asked innocently, and, despite himself, Sherlock bristled at the obvious implications.
’s personal space, see what a
[Group Chat –
Even if you don't have a suggestion, comments are beloved, kudos are brilliant, and subscriptions are beyond appreciated.
They sat there for another twenty minutes, Sherlock deducing John’s entire history, then the histories of his friends, then the history of the passengers of the car they sat in, John complimenting him almost on automatic across from him the whole way. John never tired of seeing how exquisitely pleased this great bloody man looked when another “fantastic!” slipped from John’s lips, nor of how desperately he seemed to want to hide away the expression. Sherlock seemed to never tire of talking to John, putting the world he saw into words another would appreciate – not just use, or begrudgingly accept, but truly
– at the end of the hall,” he gasped, grinding down as John moved his attention to his neck.
“Not particularly friendly.”
“So you’re saying that not only did he not punch you in the face when you deduced him, but he asked for more?” he giggled into his coffee as Sherlock hovered over the farcically dressed, adulterous media worker who couldn’t have
Have you ever heard of peripheral vision, Detective Inspector?
Joan and her Sherlock start working on the case and trying to figure out the new Sherlock.
For fuck’s sake!
“Like I just had a needle shoved into my thigh,” Sherlock grumbled. “Was there any particular reason why your partner decided on that course of action.”
"John." He didn't even stop to consider the wisdom of telling his name to a stranger, instead feeling gratitude that the man's expression didn't even flicker. "John Watson." The man's eyes stayed focused and intense, as if he were trying to see through John, but his tone stayed easy and conversational.
“Well done, Watson,” he said. “If there would be anyone who picked up my techniques, it would have been one of my associates associated with the habit. I will be able to recognize him if we were acquainted even briefly. I kept rather small circles of ‘friends’ among the addicted.” He beamed at her proudly, trying to hide the worry in his gut. He wasn’t sure he could take another Rhys at the moment, but for Watson’s sake, he would sure as Hell try.
What he wouldn’t give to have turned Lady Smallwood away at his doorstep.
“Wait, didn’t you say Mycroft was your brother’s name?” he asked, confusion wrinkling his brow.
… I could bloody strangle you sometimes – GL
It was good to see old friends from school, to let them know he was alive, to exchange numbers and give them his new address. It didn't even hurt much when he found out his girlfriend Lucy had hooked up with his best mate Bill Murray, especially once Bill offered to get him enough alcohol to drink it off. He knew the small town would never be home again, but it was good to say good-bye to it properly. And to his mother at her grave.
Is everyone okay? – Molly
, Mike, Molly, Bill, Sarah]
Sherlock smiled again at the thought of them, the people of his life. He hated each and every one of them, and God knew he couldn’t go without them. He’s been shot at, shot through, chased down, chatted up, shouted at, whispered to, and a million things in between. Those people have been there with him and alternating being there for him for years. He raised his water glass a second time to those idiots in his life since he first asked, “Afghanistan or Iraq?” and took a sip even as the second minute passed him by.
Besides, this man clearly surrounds himself with imbeciles. They want him to photograph me for whatever reason, and he seems to believe that such an act would get him killed.
What? - Sarah
He snapped out of his reverie at the sight of a black car pulling up to the curb, and nearly pulled his hair out in frustration. The very last thing he needed was his bloody brother poking his fat nose into his business again. Sherlock spun away from the window, snarling, and swung around to collapse on the sofa on his back. If it was a choice between seeing Mycroft or the
“Here,” John offered, drawing those wide, fathomless (and now, slightly alarmed) eyes to him. He pulled out his own phone and gestured to the camera the man’s phone apparently lacked. “We can use mine, then I can text the picture to you. I’ll delete the number afterwards, promise.” He was desperately curious, not only about why he had been of such interest to this man and his colleague, but also about the bit with the suicides, but he figured he shouldn’t press his luck. The bloke stared at the outstretched phone for a moment before nodding sharply. John opened a new contact, entered the other man’s number as it was recited dully at him, put “Bloke” in the blank for a name, then went to his camera.
"I would suggest knocking," came from behind him, and John whipped around at the unfamiliar voice. A man, probably twice his age, stood leaning against the wall behind him. Part of John screamed posh prick gone slumming - the brown pinstripe suit he wore was clearly custom tailored, and probably worth more than all of John's possessions combined, and the accent was crisp in the way most of the Estates' residents' weren't. But John hesitated at the label. There was something about the man's spiked hair, his beat-up Converse shoes, the comfortable posture as he leaned against what was essentially the wall of an unwashed alley. And there was definitely something about his eyes. They reminded John of how he felt in that moment, untamed and free, yet barely breathing under the weight of it all. Most of all, it was in the resigned sympathy that flashed through them once he saw the bruises, dulling and softening the wildness there...
“Back in London,” Sherlock said shortly.
"Not really," John replied, then added honestly. "You don't really look like you're from anywhere." That earned him a flash of a grin, and those eyes flashed with intrigue. John couldn't help but feel like he passed a test he hadn't known he was taking. The stranger tilted his head, considering.
“What exactly is your relation with Sherlock Holmes?” the tall man with the umbrella asked, and John nearly laughed aloud. From the moment he’d picked up that bloody pay phone, he wondered if talking to Sherlock the night before had opened the floodgates for the weird in his life. Apparently, he was right.
The fucking Tube got stopped up. We’re fucking trapped down here!
Anyway, a reminder that I do not have a beta, I do not have a Britpricker, and I have very little patience for proofreading. After  I post the last chapter, I will go back and make a final series of edits, probably not plot-related, but who knows.
Hold on, he doesn’t know you’re staring at him, does he? – GL
John had dated a lot of women in his past, partly to hide the attraction he felt to some of the men in his life, partly because he happened to
"Nah, Aunt Jackie's my mum's sister," John answered. "What, are you dating her or something?" The question seemed to catch the Doctor completely off-guard, going by the amount of sputtering and panic in the man's eyes. John couldn't help but laugh at the number of no's that poured out his mouth, even though it hurt. "Well, how do you know her, then?"
“I do despise repeating myself, John,” he drawled, and John couldn’t help the slight (for lack of better word) tingle that went down his spine at the sound of that smooth baritone saying his name. “My name is Sherlock.”
"Indeed." The Doctor grinned, cocked his head, and seemed to come to a decision. "I'll see you soon, John Watson." It sounded deeper than a promise, truer than a vow. It sounded as though it had already happened, and John couldn't help but believe. There was comfort in it, one certainty in a world that suddenly held no status quos. John grasped onto it. He may not have a family anymore, may not have a future anymore, may not have the clothes on his back for much longer, but he would see the Doctor soon.
[Text Conversation:
. Instead of immediately getting smashed, he got stuck as he reached into his not-dusty-enough alcohol cupboard for his finest bottle of scotch, stuck on the last time he held the cool crystal beneath his fevered fingers.
“Elementary, really: I know how that particular phone’s keyboard is laid out, and not only are you not a particularly subtle typist, you are actually exceedingly slow, even by what I imagine an average person’s estimation. It was hardly difficult at all to read your texts as you sent them; the more difficult issue was deduce the texts your four other friends sent you, but with a face as expressive as yours, even that was hardly a challenge for me. The only thing that puzzles me is your own descriptions of me. Besides the nonsensicality of your ‘Mr. Uptown Cheekbones’, you both insulted and complimented me a number of times, and somehow seemed to think that I was involved in something called ‘X-Files’, which makes absolutely zero sense to me, so I assume it was a pop culture reference.”
You wanna pull your head out of your arse, Bill? – Sarah
I don’t want to know.
Other Watson, however, had not. “You’re crazy,” she whispered, standing abruptly.
DAMN YOU
That was a lie in any case. There are many ways I could in theory get away with murdering the other man in the car, especially since he seems unnaturally fixated on his phone screen and I know more ways out of a Tube carriage than most would believe exist, but I don’t feel particularly inclined to put so much effort into such a useless exercise.
If inconvenient, come anyway.
OMG! - Molly
Yes, you do.
-covered walls of his Mind Palace…Well, with another nicotine patch, he should be fine.
The man turned to say something over his shoulder, and John's stomach dropped, even as it tried to rise into his throat. Another man stepped out of the blue box, and John felt his face heat. There was only one thing the two of them could have been doing in there, right?
Grumbling and growling, the assembled nurses slowly dispersed back to their given posts. Sherlock, bemused for once, approached Watson. “Do you mind informing me of what happened here? I seem to be entirely confused.”
wanted to punch this chav in the jaw and take his chances with his escape.
“Because you’re not a wealthy man, and, if you pardon my saying so, your sister is not in good health.”
– would see them. If asked, he would feel no shame in admitting it took all day (if anything, he'd feel proud it had taken him so
“You all have jobs to be doing, I think,” he reminded them, “not related to harassing a patient, no matter how much he may deserve it. It would be in all of your best interests to leave him to my partner and me. Off you go.”
, Sherlock]
. Why was he going back to that?
Sherlock did not spare a single moment’s thought about John after he got off the Tube. Why should he, when he had an ongoing experiment in eel eyes, human eyes, and newt eyes, the conclusion of the case with the green ladder to devote the appropriate attention to, and a brand new case of serial suicides to contemplate? The man was a fairly amusing distraction during the nightmare that was forced enclosure in public transportation – surely a hellhole for those who
Sherlock nodded, took a deep breath, and begun. “You are an extraordinary person, John, of that you should have no doubt. Although it is true that I did not come here to balance the scales, as it were, have no mistake that I believe that they should be at some point. I am not an easy man to get along with. I play the violin when I’m thinking, and sometimes I don’t talk for days on end. I would be, for lack of a better word, a nightmare as a flatmate, which is why I’ve never tried to find one, even though doing so would be more financially beneficial for me. However, I believe you could prove an ideal candidate for the position. I like you, as strange as that is for me to recognize; the only other person I can say with any certainty that I ‘like’ is the landlady. You seemed to give every indication of liking me last night, and you seemed to enjoy my deductions, which, as I mentioned before, are widely considered more of a nuisance than a thing of awe. I happen to know you dislike living with your sister, both because of the financial strain and because you believe she ought to be in a rehabilitation shelter, which, speaking as a past substance user, I have to agree. Living here would free up a considerable amount of money so you could live with her. Finally, I find that I do not think as clearly without you, strange as that is since we’ve only met last night, but it is true. I multitask quite well, but not with mysteries. You, John, are a mystery to me, so I can solve nothing else unless you are with me. This could prove fatal to a number of people, including the future targets of the serial killer who has been posing his victims as serial suicides. So, you see, there is quite a bit for you to gain if you move in with me, and quite a lot for London to lose if you don’t.”
(although he would likely endure his shoulder being removed completely before he coming close to acknowledging that as such). He filled his time in the interim with the practical things: going to work; visiting his therapist; packing his domestic baubles and pulling his gun and "crime-solving notebook" out of storage; and so on. He watched the news explode with the mass hysteria associated with his unlikely and
Actually, this is interesting. I can just make out what he’s texting about me
Then why did you ask?
He didn't want anyone to depend on him, for rent money or for anything. The gun in his bedside table sang a song of escape each night, and it was quite the earworm.
“No.”
All the same, John spent the entirety of the next day trying – and failing – to put the man out of his mind. Fortunately for him, his sister was quite adept at putting everything else out of his mind. Unfortunately, she usually replaced that everything else with heart-stopping worry, boiling frustration, and boundless exasperation, and this case was no different.
Yeah?
And then John saw his face. The Doctor. The Doctor had been in the blue box with the red buttonhole prat. John's mind raced, trying to process this new info. He hadn't seen hide nor hair of the Doctor since the day he first arrived in London. Neither his Aunt Jackie nor Rosie seemed to know anything about him, although they had been a bit distracted by all the other news he carried in with him to really pay attention. In fact, John had nearly forgotten about him, just popping up now and again, the promise that had proven empty after all. He shouldn't have been surprised, and yet...
Has he taken your picture yet? – GL
LESTRADE NO
?” she practically screeched. “John. Your version of me is a guy?”
“He’s British,” she replied bluntly. “British, used to hospital stays - if not particularly fond of them - comes from a wealthy, powerful background, and, if my years as a sober companion don’t fail me, previously addicted to some harder drugs. If I had a guess, I would say heroin or some other opiate. You and he could have run in the same circles, shared some of your techniques.” Sherlock considered for a moment, then nodded.
He kinda looks like a more posh Tom, rly
And if Sherlock paused at the end of his deduction, as if waiting for the echo of a compliment once given, Lestrade said nothing.
i think u hit a nerve mate – Bill
He'd forgotten how awful the man was at small talk, how he'd lapse into awkward silences at the slightest hint that he'd offended anyone. John let him, figuring that if he could withstand the pain of losing family and taking a bullet to the shoulder and the certainty that you were losing your mind, he could withstand a little awkwardness. God knew he didn't exactly have a ton of other options.
about him!
And he looks like he could lock me up in a dark room somewhere and have someone kick my head in
John brings Harry back to London, sees the TARDIS for the first time, and encounters some (probably) accidental timey-wimey missteps. Oh, and a truncated version of John meeting Sherlock.
God, this is hard work. Please excuse any goof-ups or grammar-type problems. I'm not exactly at my best this week. Also, no beta, no Britpricker of any kind, so...bear with me. At the end of the story, I am planning to go back through and make one final round of revisions.
John pulled his hand away, turned away, and walked out at his stop. He didn’t look back, but he did immediately pull out his phone and send the picture and a simple text to his friends, hoping Sherlock could read his text at this distance.
“It could be,” Big Brolly Brother snapped back, and plans or not, John
So, this wasn't supposed to be nearly 10K. This wasn't supposed to have surprise smut, and then have next to no smut. This wasn't supposed to have surprise Mystrade, but oops. This wasn't supposed to be any of the things it now is. *shrugs*
Are you still stuck, John? – Sarah
How has he not asked you out yet? – GL
So, guess who just slept with Mr. Uptown Cheekbones?
At least, that was the plan, but even so soon after Sherlock's resurrection, John found his plans falling to pieces around him.
“Why?”
“Excuse me?”
I was more wondering about the ex part – GL
Any chance I can lure you away from surveillance tonight?
“You stole whatever you needed to make it happen,” Sherlock supplied. “He would be an idiot if he just let you get away with it.” Jamie shrugged.
"Where are they?" Harry asked. John snuffed down the fear and summoned up one of his patented winning smiles.
“Well, that’s not very nice, Sherlock,” she chided, already headed for the door. “Family is all we have in the end, you know.”
nearly abandoned? – Mike
“It really couldn’t,” he said instead, impressed with his own self-restraint.
“You didn’t hear a word I said, did you?” Mycroft asked, mirroring his brother’s intense gaze.
, Sherlock]
show us – Bill
Am I ever anything but?
“That doesn’t really concern you, does it?” Sherlock sniped.
John and Sherlock finally get that picture
smelled like, felt like – not that John was nearly as creepy as he was sure that sounded. “Smile, Mr. Uptown Cheekbones.” He felt the man beside him stiffen up even as the face on the screen’s eyes flashed and mouth dropped open – at which point John snapped the button. He looked at the picture, pleased that this Sherlock looked appropriately like the strangely endearing creature he’d found, before he sent it on to him.
If you enjoyed this chapter or this fic so far, kudos and bookmarks are loved and cherished in my heart, and if you wanna ask me a question, make a suggestion, or a (CONSTRUCTIVE) critique, I hoard comments like Smaug hoards gold.
“Yes, of course.”
“Strange, I only heard mindless quibbling.”
“I thought homosexual marriages were legal over there?” Joan stepped ahead of Sherlock to hail a cab so he didn’t have a chance to use his whistle. “Why would he need to protect himself from his own sexuality?”
“Cease all surveillance on Sherlock Holmes, and drop Dr. John Watson to sub-beta levels,” Mycroft ordered deftly. “However, keep him under all anti-terrorism and anti-assassination protocols until further notice. He might be a target yet.”
Sherlock, I know what you look like, and I want a picture of the posh, alien Mr. Uptown Cheekbones – GL
“That last one,” Sherlock said, putting the pieces together. “The woman, and the man she seduced, was it you?” he asked. “Were you the one who fell in love with her?”
“Sherlock.” The consulting detective focused back on Mycroft, eyes narrowing. Another memory had risen without his permission and taken over again. He needed to regain control of his own mind. When would he stop feeling guilty about his fall? He had saved John, not broken him. Yes, he did cause him undeniable grief and sorrow - he heard how his doctor talked at his grave, and it didn’t take a consulting detective to see the pain in his partner’s face and hear the anguish in his voice - but it was to save his life. He would come back eventually and fix John, just like he had fixed him before. If he could get his head together and
Yay! – Molly
“Why?”
“Very good, sir,” Anthea said.
“No.” The other woman whipped around to face her partner. He shrugged. “One of our first cases, remember? The secretary who tried to make me dig my own grave? You got Gregson to come after us after the woman sent you a text outside my normal texting vernacular, yes? I would have died then had you not sent the police to find me.”
I think I can handle one case without you. Question is, can you handle the time it’ll take for me to find a new case this interesting? – GL
like painting or playing the bloody violin. Deduction is a
My palms are sweating as I wait for her to answer.  I realise that we haven’t spoken since she came to visit me in the hospital after I got back from Afghanistan.  It is really not fair on her to ask this of her, not after all this time.
For a few long moments he pauses.  I’m not used to the cogs of his brain moving so slowly, it is off putting.  His voice is thick with emotion when he speaks.  “I don’t want to be alone.  Could you stay here, with me?”
He doesn’t argue.  I walk with him, worried that he might fall if he is left alone.
“Yeah, I guess.  It would be a nice way to spend some time with her.”
“What’s that?”
“The blonde one was cute.”  John laughs a little.  I don’t remember the blonde nurse, but I laugh anyway.  The absurdity of the situation suddenly getting to me; a grown man getting his hair washed in the kitchen sink like a toddler.  That is when the water spills down my face.
He nods once.  Looks like he regrets the movement.
The envelope is light, business sized, smells musty.  I pocket it.  There is no way in hell I’m opening it here.  I have my suspicions about what it holds and none of them are things I want to deal with in public.
“Why didn’t you say anything?”  I am gutted that he felt he could not confide in me.  I step close to the bed where he lays curled on his side.  He looks small.
“That was different.  That was for Mary.  That was for you.  That was worth it.”  Sherlock says as if it is the most obvious thing in the world.
I expect him to pry, to keep going until we have a row, but he amazes me once again.
“I’ve made you a sandwich, dear.”  She says as she comes in.  She takes my laptop off my knee and replaces it with a plate, on which is a sandwich on a bed of crisps.  She puts the laptop under her arm and gives me a look that says, ‘I know you’re not meant to be using that.’
“There are others?”
“You remember now?”  he asks me
She is gone before I can argue, and she takes my bloody computer with her.
I draw his hand closer to my chest and hold it there, as I shiver through the crisis.
“The Nightman.  Except it was his father.  And the lights were on.  It wasn’t Mycroft watching this time.  It was you.”  The anguish is still with me.  My skin prickles the heat.
It is while we are walking that I realise that I want to spend the rest of my life with Sherlock trying to make up for the time we have lost and the hurt we have caused each other.
“How the hell did you pull that off?”  I wonder again if there is anything he cannot achieve.
His vitals are stable and normal.  There is no elevation in his heart rate that would indicate that he is still in a great deal of pain.  The discomfort seems to be mostly mental.  To be honest that worries me more than the physical problems.  Those I understand, those I know how to fix.
I groan.  Defeated.  My legs falling further apart.
“John, you should have seen them.  Perfect specimens.  Bright yellow bands, perfectly marked.”
Reflexively, the questions I cannot ask, start again as I stand, unnoticed, in the doorway.  Seeing him bruised and impassive, while I wonder what happened to him, is like a kick in the guts.
“Come upstairs.”  He says from the doorway.
It was at that point that she had punched him in the face.  Greg had dragged her away and I had pushed Sherlock out of the room.
“That was different.  That was for Mary.  That was for you.  That was worth it.”
Eventually the questions come to an end and I am allowed to leave, something I had begun to doubt would ever happen about halfway through the interview.
I tuck Rosie under my arm in the way that makes her giggle so much.  She puts her arms out like she is flying and kicks her legs as I carry her into the kitchen.  It’s a good thing she is so entertained by this method of transport because my ruined shoulder won’t allow me to carry her two handed.
I shake my head.  I feel defeated.  Before I even check my phone.  I know I will see the sent message there, yet I have no recollection of sending it.
(See the end of the chapter for
I stare at my phone.  He hung up.  Just like that, he hung up.
He goes to get up, but I motion at him to stay there and I sit cross legged at his feet.  Rosie makes an escape as soon as her feet hit the ground.  She is so fast now that the baby gate at the stairs is a necessity.
“Well, it is hardly the first time I have had to pull him out of a dark place.”
I lay back on the pillows as John traces over the pitted and raised sections of skin.  I cannot tell him they were earned on one of the worst days of my life.  He would ask what the others were and I cannot bear to tell him that he featured in all of them.
All in all, I really didn’t want to go into work today.  All day I have been distracted.  There is nothing special about today, so I’m not sure why it is bothering me so much.  I have repeatedly told myself that he is an adult, a very intelligent one at that, and that he will be fine.  Mrs Hudson will have checked on him regularly, just like she has been doing every day.  Yet, I just cannot shake off the concern.
Sometimes he does want more, sometimes he even seems to enjoy it, other times he stops and draws back into himself.  It’s been years since he has had one if the full-scale declines into a shaking, sweating and heaving panic attack, but I wonder, while the physical symptoms have abated, to what extent the mental struggles continues.
Tomorrow we will check retail companies with delivery drivers.  Tedious leg work.  The day after it will be fast food delivery drivers and the day after it will be couriers and then truck drivers and patient transport and any other damn thing we can think of.
“Hello Sherlock, how was your day?  Yes, mine was good too.”  He says in his most facetious voice.  “The traffic was a nightmare.  Work was busy, a twelve-year-old threw up on me.”
He shuffles closer.  Straddles my thighs.
He just said, cryptically, that it would all ‘work itself out’.
So much has been said tonight, so much has not been said.  Questions swirl in my mind.  How long was he held there for?  How did he survive that?  How did I not know?  Are the people who did that to him still out there?  I want to ask it all, but the moment had past, and I am too afraid.
Once the cab driver drops us off at Baker Street it takes me three trips to get everything inside.  The first trip sees me leave most of the stuff in the street until I can pass Rosie over to Mrs Hudson.  She dotes over my daughter until I can get the playpen set up and the bags upstairs.  The initial awkward trudge up the stairs confirms my thoughts that Sherlock isn’t back yet.
The single word chilled John.  It brought back all the ways that he’d failed Sherlock.  How close Sherlock had come to being murdered, or to dying of his own addiction.  How poorly John had acted towards him.  How close he’d come to not being there when Sherlock had needed him most.
The gate at the end of the path clangs, the noise waking me from where I sleep lightly in my faithful old armchair.  Like us, it has seen quite a bit of action; there is a tear in the arm rest and a bullet hole through the back of it.  There is a singe mark too, from one of Sherlock’s experiments gone slightly wrong.  I don’t mind the holes or the stains; it is still as comfortable as it has ever been.
As an afterthought I fold up Rosie’s playpen and take that too.  At least we can confine her until we child proof the stairs and the kitchen laboratory.
“I overreacted.”  I mumble.
“No, I want you to know.”
Shit.  I don’t remember that either.  Rosie is wriggling to get down and I distract her with the big magnifying glass.  She sucks wet marks onto the surface.  Her lips looking huge and twisted through the glass.
“Nothing.”  I say with certainty.
bright.  Can’t
I consider for a moment, trying to work out what Mycroft is driving at.  Then I get it.  I understand why Sherlock is reacting so badly to the situation.  “He feels threatened.”
Boneless, I sag against him.  “Then stop trying to kill me, Sherlock Holmes.”
“Oh, no sorry.  She’s fine, I think, it has been a while but, no, I have another reason for calling.”  I pause; I should have thought this through more.  “Can I ask you a question?”
“I asked him to bring Rosie in.  That’s my little girl; she was crying. I don’t think he heard me, I’m not sure, I think he was distracted or maybe he was just being obtuse, he does that sometimes.  I ended up shouting.  I dropped a mug and it broke.  It was an accident.  It wouldn’t have been a big deal, but he got a fright.  A bad fright… I think he thought I was going to hit him.  He totally shut down.  I can’t do that to him again.”  I sigh, knowing that I am not explaining any of this right”
He strides out of the laundry stark naked.  Thin and lithe as ever.  He quirks as eyebrow at me as I stare.
He introduces himself to Mycroft, explains the basics of the assessment that they have been trying to do.  “I will ask him to open his eyes, do a few simple motor tasks and answer some very basic questions.  He has become very agitated each time we do this, and it has meant that we have had to sedate him.  I want to break the cycle of sedation, but we need to be able to monitor him without the agitation.”
It is almost lunchtime when I wake again.  I am surprised to have slept so long.  I feel a bit better for it.
Slowly, I fold the photo back into the letter and slide the letter back into the envelope.  I stand automatically, take the letter to the mantelpiece, and drive my knife through the centre of it.
“Be still,” he encourages, “you wouldn’t want to slosh the water out.”
“Would you like some water?”  John asks me.  I had not noticed him there by my side, but I am comforted by his presence.
Then he pauses, lets his hands fall away.  “What were you saying?  It seemed important.”
The bathroom door is wide open, so I don’t bother to knock.  I just announce myself by calling ‘tea’ loudly over the sound of the running water.  As a rule, I try not to creep up on him.
I don’t let either win.  I simply pick my way out of the room, stepping between the broken shards of ceramic mug.
“No, it’s not like that.  I know everyone must say that, but I wouldn’t.”
He moves his hand a bit lower and traces the striations that lay there.
He sighs heavily but blinks his eyes open.  They don’t focus and fall shut a few moments later.
I’m not sure what makes me defy that voice.  Perhaps the fear that I will listen to it again in the future, when it tells me to be weak and scared.  The two things in this world I do not want to be.
One day, around the time I unpack the last of my boxes Sherlock asks if he can come along.  We walk the streets and parks of London and he points out all the things that I don’t notice.  It is like the first days of our friendship again.  I feel the wonder and awe in his abilities in a way that I had almost forgotten.  This becomes our daily habit and it has become my favourite part of the day.
Now it is back every time I shut my eyes, every time I hear a noise, every time I try to fall asleep or when I wake up.  It’s in every thought.
Rosie had been heartbroken.  She nearly failed two classes because she refused to leave the hospital for more than a few hours at a time.  It wasn’t until he pulled his oxygen mask off and told her to ‘piss off home,’ in a barely audible whisper, that she finally went and got a whole night’s sleep.  While she was gone, he told the nurses to enforce visiting hours.  I’ll never be sure if it was that he was trying to do Rosie a favour or if he just didn’t really want us to see him like that.  Either way, it allowed her to scrap through a passing grade.
“All those things are adding to the pressure your under.  It is a lot for anyone to take on, but I do hear a tendency for you to place blame for your actions with others.  Do you think that is fair?”  Janette asks gently.  My heart is heavy.  Hearing it laid out like that makes me realise what a mess I have made of my life.  I have no idea how Sherlock can forgive me the things I have done to him.  I scrub at my face with my hands.  They come away damp.  I nod, not trusting my voice.  Janette continues, “but you want to make some positive changes in your life to assure that it doesn’t happen again.”
I can hear John in the kitchen, muttering and sweeping up.  Rosie snuggles closer to me.  I count the freckles on her cheeks.
He climbs over the playpen rail and sits down beside me on Rosie’s blanket, close enough that our shoulders touch, close enough that I can smell coffee on his breath.  He brushes the blonde hair back from Rosie’s forehead.  She doesn’t even stir.
“Yes.”  He says, opening one eye and giving me a look that says, ‘why wouldn’t I be?”
“Boring.  Move on.  New crimes.  Unsolved ones.”  Sherlock demands.
“John it is then.  What kind of doctoring do you do?”
Just like we do on most afternoons, we take a walk down to the ocean.  On weekends and school holidays Rosie brings Silver Blaze out and they pop over the stone walls as John and I walk hand in hand along the farm tracks that lead to the beach.
Giving the statement takes hours.  Every detail is poured over time and time again.  My back aches from sitting in the same position on the same hard chair.  I am buzzing from too much instant coffee and not enough sleep.  My eyes sting from the harsh fluorescent lights.
Sherlock comes into the kitchen as I am microwaving the second plate.  He slumps down at the table with a groan.
“Can you read it to me?”  He asks.  “Just the good bits though.”
“What’s his name?”  The woman asks.
“You never…?”  John asks in a deliberately neutral tone.
“Don’t touch me.”  I gasp out.  “Give me a minute.”
“Half seven,” he tells me, then realising I would have no idea which one, he continues.  “in the evening.”
“Who cares?”  He mumbles, and it occurs to me that even without a head injury he might not actually know.  It’s not the kind of thing he keeps track of.
I ring the City Therapy Rooms and make an appointment for a session with an anger management counsellor.  A cancellation means there is an appointment available this evening.
“Careful, you need to be more…”  I lose my train of thought as he pulses his hand around me.  My stuttering echoes around the bathroom walls.
“Yeah,” it hurts to admit this, “we have.  He is not an easy person to get along with, he is even less easy to live with.  We have known each other for ages.  I recently moved back in after living apart for a few of years.”
comes out in a
“Just nipped out to the bank.”  I brush past her and up the stairs.  My head is pounding.  The letter feels like a lead weight in my coat pocket.  My shoulder is complaining that I went out without the support of the sling.
John does the only natural thing and the worst possible thing he could have done.  He uses the towel to wipe the water from my face.
Bright lights in my eyes.  Some cruel bastard holding my eyelids open.  Hands shoving at me.  Moving me.  Taking my clothing.  What do they want from me?  Why
“Sherlock Holmes.”
“Yeah, ok, but look around.” He says looking around theatrically.  “Not exactly the Shangri-La, is it?  Hardly the place to stage a burglary.”
“Oh no bother.  I’d just like to just rest my eyes a bit.”
“Good.  I just want to recap a little bit to make sure I’m clear on all this.  Please correct me if I have misunderstood anything.  You have come in because you had an argument with your partner.  You have had a history of arguing and fighting with him.  One of your fights was serious enough to put your friend in hospital.  You are aware of how serious this behaviour is, and it is something you feel guilty about.  I can tell that.  I can also see that you have had a lot of stressors in your life recently; a new relationship, working through issues with your sexuality, you have moved house, you have a young daughter and you mentioned that your wife passed away.  Have I missed anything?”
“Of course.”  She sounds confused.
The other EMT, a woman, is clearly the more experienced of the two.  She looks over to where Sherlock is slumped on the ground just past the end of the bed.  She snaps her fingers twice before her partner follows her over to us.  I immediately recognise her as someone who has seen some shit in her life.  It is her that I direct the handover to.
“That is pretty much the entire database.  I cannot get all that to you tonight.”  Lestrade tells me.  “Come in early tomorrow and we will go through it all.  Ok?”
“Bloody hell.”  I mutter as I grab the blanket off the back of the couch and wrap it around him.  “Your teeth are chattering.  You need to be careful, Sherlock.  Being out in the cold for so long is not a good idea.  The lesions.”
Neither of us seem to know what to say and silence stretches long between us.
He scoffs.  “Even if you knew it was my fault?  Because it was my fault that I got caught.  I was impatient.  I wanted to come home.  It was so close to the end.  I took too many risks.  I put myself in that position.”
“Sherlock.”
“Yes, well, how often do I have to tell you not to make a judgement without all the information?”  He scolds, but there is an undertone of amusement in his voice now.
“This is different, Mycroft.  He is scared.  Irrational.  I am worried he will hurt himself.  They are talking about putting him in restraints.”
“Yep, there he is.”  I feel better for the banter though.
“What time is it?”  I ask as I suppress any thoughts about the other intended purposes for the torch.
Then there are the other questions that I don’t know the answers to.  What is going on between us?  Do I love him?  In what way?  Do I want a relationship with him?  Is it even possible?  Would he allow it, participate in it?
Two EMTs enter a few moments later.  I turn to greet them and see their faces register the horror show that is Sherlock’s bedroom.  They both struggle to tear their eyes away from the dead man on the bed.  One fails completely; I suspect he might be relatively new to the job.  At least new enough that he stands staring at the hole in the back of the man’s head.  It’s a shame he can’t see the front of his head from where he is standing.  That would really give him an education.
I nod.  I can’t do words.  Scared they will break the spell.
“What about this one?”  He rubs his thumb over my shoulder blade.
“So, you lived together in the past, but the relationship is new, is that right?”  Janette asks.  I can see that she is baffled by my life.  Why wouldn’t she be, I’m baffled by it most of the time.
“Good, start with that.  First sign of any anger and I want you to choof off for a stroll.”  She says with a smile.  “We have a lot to work on, John, if you are willing I want to see you once a week so that we can work through some of the things that are bothering you and so that we can make a plan for how you are going to deal with challenges in the future.  Does that sound acceptable.”
I flinch when John waves his hand in front of my face.  How long has he been here?  Had he noticed how unhinged I am.  I blink at him and for a moment I wonder if he is real.
I am just tying off the last one when he speaks again.  It surprises me; I thought he had dozed off.
It should be enough to find him.  I have found plenty of them with less.
He is in the doorway when I speak.  I don’t know why I start.  I don’t know how I make myself start, after weeks and months and years of not wanting to and not knowing how to.  It just happens.
Sherlock’s right hand moves slowly.  He points multiple points on his own neck chest and abdomen.  His fingers catch on the heart rate monitor cables and Mycroft moves swiftly to untangle him.
I can’t though, it is too dangerous to answer.  I know what it will cost.  Not just my life but Mrs. Hudson’s
“I know you never bought it, when I said I left for you.”
“Obviously.”  I try to sound bored, but I don’t think I pull it off.
“Hi.  Did you bring my computer?”  I need a distraction.
Sherlock sits up suddenly, he meets my eyes for the first time; he looks so hurt by my words.  “Why?  Why would you think that?”
It is completely forgotten by the end of the week.  We get called in to assist with a locked room mystery that features a dead prisoner in one of the Scotland Yard cells.  The man, clearly an idiot, breached his parole and every law and moral by trying to buy a chunk of ivory.  Then he got caught because he bragged about it on his Facebook page.
“I don’t know.”  I say honestly.  “Too soon to tell.”
John is concentrating on the job at hand, so I don’t think he notices my impending panic.  God, I hope he doesn’t.  I get a reprieve from the stress when he turns the tap off.  He opens the shampoo bottle, the little click it makes as it opens causes me to start.
John pats me on the shoulder to signal that he is finished, and I tip my head back to look up to him.
“What did you do to him then?”  I ask.
“How on earth did he do that?”
“I don’t... I can’t...” the false starts irritate me, so I rush to get the words out.  “I won’t be able to perform fellatio, and anal penetration is out of the question.  I will struggle with any hand contact on my cock, even my own is too much sometimes.  No soft touches, almost anywhere.  He liked to pretend it was consensual by being gentle, even though he was excited by me being chained up.
“Thank you, Sherlock.  Rest a while.”
Chips from the place near your work.  Please.  SH
“I’m going to shower.”  I tell him as soon as we are inside.
“Please.”  I nearly choke on the word in my effort to get it out.
“Bad dreams.”  He mumbled.  “Couldn’t sleep.”
John comes closer.  Crouches down in front of me.  He tilts his head to try to catch my eye.  I tell myself to harden up.  I sit up a little, look up a little.  Breathe a bit deeper.  Meet his eye.  What I see there gives me the courage to start.
“It was the man that kept me awake every night.” Sherlock continues as I go through a massive internal crisis.  “I don’t remember it.  I wasn’t even conscious of it happening.  But I knew when I woke up.
“On the bed.  He had Sherlock pinned down with the sheet up at his throat.”
can’t move.  Scared.  Of what?  Where are they taking me?  Where is John?  Dizzy.  Spinning.  I wish they’d stop.
“GP, I have a little practice in Kensington.”
I smile back.  The water is already edging towards the top of the old deep claw foot tub that Sherlock insisted on getting installed.  He makes no move to turn it off.  Leaving it for me to do.  Would he have left it to run down the stairs if I hadn’t come in?
“That was for tomorrow.”
It has been awkward as we both feel our way through our own personal challenges.  I know John struggles with the challenges of navigating a male body rather than a female one and everything that that means.  I can tell it still makes him feel a little strange.  I struggle with the tendrils of guilt and shame that intertwine with sexual arousal.  If anything, they get even worse in the wake of sexual climax.  Something I suspect will continue to haunt me for a long time to come.  John is patient and considerate; always puts the breaks on whenever I need a moment and I never feel any pressure from him to do more than I am comfortable with.  If anything, he slows me down when I push too hard the boundaries that I wish I did not have.
Each time I have to choke down fear to tell her that I am 42 years old, and that the chief of police is Stephan Williams, and that it is September 2019.  Or some such rubbish.  I am suspicious of these questions.  They are very specific.  Who has worded them up, why are they not asking standard things; like my name and what day of the week it is and who is the sodding prime minister?  This has Mycroft written all over it.  Or am I being paranoid?
“I’m fine, jus’ tired,” he pauses, then continues a bit uncertain, “it’s… Tuesday.”
I nod.  I know what he is really saying.  He is saying that she would approve of us being together.
“Male, 42, assaulted by this guy,” I gesture towards the bed with my chin, “multiple bleeding head wounds, he was struck repeatedly with the torch.  Declining GCS.  Initial presentation of 15 declined to 13 within a short period of time.  Pupils appear equal, I don’t have light to check reaction, or a blood pressure cuff or bloody anything.  Heart rate is 120, respiratory rate of 35.  Suspected dislocated shoulder.”
taking me somewhere else.  This is bad.  This
“But Magnussen?”
My voice sounds flat and hollow.  It is as if I am talking about someone else.
“I actually didn’t take a cab,” John replied, choosing to sit in the red armchair Mycroft usually chose when he came round. Sherlock found that he liked it immensely more now that John was sitting there. “This bloke basically kidnapped me. It was his car that brought me here. He said he was your archenemy?”
far. “Who are you, then?”
Which only goes to prove that you are indeed an idiot
Crapcrapcrapcrapcrapcrapcrapcrap!
“Ooh, sounds like someone for you, Sherlock,” Mrs. Hudson cooed. “Another client, or that nice police officer who’s dating your brother, maybe?”
In fact, how has the Tube NOT STARTED WORKING YET???
“It could have been worse,” Sherlock shrugged. “My older brother’s name is Mycroft.” John hooted with laughter before he could stop himself, but at Sherlock’s soft, almost cautious, smile in return, he decided to just keep laughing.
Come at once if convenient.
“Why aren’t you on a quest to assure John that you’re alive?” Other Watson asked.
I think anyone could tell about the frustration part through sheer empathy, Sherlock – GL
John collapsed into his chair, clutching his glass and ignoring the twinge in his leg with equal force –
“Are you quite done?” Sherlock interrupted, exasperated. “I know all of this already. And you know how I hate repetition.”
“I can’t have him following me out there, Mycroft, and you know he would,” he shot back. “And I can’t have him targeted for his knowledge back here in London where I cannot save him and you cannot watch without giving me away.”
“You didn’t ask!”
Sherlock can’t remember the last time he’d needed someone, and not for lack of trying.
Sherlock begins his hunt, and two unlikely characters reunite at his destination.
“What’s my first name?” Lestrade demanded, and Sherlock huffed and forced himself upright.
Within only a few seconds, he found both Martinssen and the woman who shot him. Martinssen was on the floor, naked, sweaty, reeking of sex, and very much dead with a bullet hole straight through the right side of his head - the same side as his dominant hand, Sherlock realized. This was to look like a suicide. The woman was equally naked but for the latex gloves she used to hold the gun. She was obviously the woman Martinssen had just concluded sex with, although she looked much less debauched than Martinssen.
“Undoubtedly. He upset you,” he added, and she rotated her shoulders, as if trying to knock the irritation off her.
John sucked the frigid London air into his lungs the second he stepped off the train, hardly believing he missed the stink of poorly obscured poverty and greed so much. He imagined someone probably would have preferred the brisk snap of the rural air in his old village, but that person was no longer him. Now it just smelled empty, bleak to him. London was home now, for better or for worse. And he definitely was coming to believe it was for the better.
im cutting off ur access 2 criminal investigation shows john – Mike
“Oh, and a Detective Bell called while you were asleep,” she remembered, pulling out a pad of sticky notes (wedding planners are rarely without them, Sherlock had learned). “He said your partner found a man floating in the Hudson River and would like to meet you at the hospital when you can.” Sherlock grinned internally. Perhaps Joan’s running habit was useful after all - though God knew he would never tell her so.
Honestly, Lestrade, he’s bisexual. The closest I can tell is that the ex is female, but I’m not definite about that
More alien, too
“Who knows? Maybe we’ll meet again,” John offered, already wishing for it to happen, but Sherlock simply huffed a laugh and tightened his grip.
Looking back, John didn't really remember The Slap. The event itself was seared into his brain, probably forever - his head hitting the door frame behind him, his mouth burning with the pain of biting down on his tongue and the bitter copper of his blood, his eyes automatically filling with tears, the tidal wave of gratitude he could no longer see his father's twisted, livid face, the icy prick of shame at his weakness, his vulnerability. If he closed his eyes, he could still hear his mother's desperation. Like she was still begging.
Either way, his life just got a whole lot more interesting. Finally, something to put on that stupid blog that won't get Ella on a tangent about his anger issues. Although John figured he'd leave out the bits that made him sound like a lunatic. Crazy or not, things just got interesting.
Ooh, please! – Molly
“Thank you, my dear,” he said, buttoning up the last button on his shirt. “I’ll eat the eggs you made me and be on my way. Before you leave, though, take this.” He pulled a business card from his bedside table and handed it to her. “Should you find yourself in want of another night with me or in need of a detective, please don’t hesitate to call.” It wasn’t something he always offered, but Marissa was certainly memorable enough.
Shut up, Stamford – Sarah
“Graham.”
“Is that his last name?” he asked, rather than answer. “I don’t typically ask for the surnames of random blokes I meet on the Tube.”
A few minutes later, stretching at the beginning of her run along the Hudson River, Joan thought again back to the anniversary and the possibility of celebration. Since Joan would likely be the one to plan everything anyway, she decided she would surprise Sherlock with the celebration. Nothing big, and preferably not in a bar, she decided. Just a small gathering of friends - Bell, Gregson, maybe even Alfredo, Randy, and Miss Hudson, if they could be persuaded - at a nice restaurant. She’d get him a thoughtful but inexpensive gift, laugh it off when he reminds her that he could not have possibly have gotten her a gift having only just remembered, and just generally have a good time. She would have to find a restaurant that did not require reservations, since God only knew whether or not they would be dealing with a case then, but she was sure she could pull it off. The main challenge would be keeping the whole deal secret from Sherlock, but that was one challenge she would always be game for.
I roll my eyes, knowing that he isn’t looking at me.
I realise I am staring stupidly.  “Can I?”
“Good.  Don’t fuck it up again.”
It is long moments before I can drag my eyes away from the photo to read the letter.  I place the photo face down on the arm of my chair.  I don’t want to see it.  I don’t want it to see me.
“You were already struggling to deal with my return.  I couldn’t the add to that.”
“I know.”  I say a bit defensively.
“Good for you.”  She says.  “He must be pretty special.”
“Ok.  Is it possible for me to run through it with him?  You or Doctor Pawson can score him.”
out, but my left arm won’t move.  I push the blankets away, wondering if that
“Good luck.”  Greg says grimly as the lift arrives.  As I step inside, he adds, “John, just don’t leave the country, alright?”
I was hoping for something a little more directive than that, but at least she doesn’t laugh at me.  Harry would have let go with a barrage of jokes.
“I’m not sure.”  I say.  It’s evasive, but not untrue.  I don’t know where to begin.  I roll so that my back is to him.  He shuffles closer to me.  I don’t really enjoy his chest being pressed against my back, not because it is him, but because of the last time someone was that close, but even in the dim light I don’t want him to see my face.  I don’t want to see his; I don’t want to see disappointment there.  Or the disgust, when I say more.
“They don’t have anything to do with Hannibal, or that movie.  It was stupid anyway; in the book it was Erebus odora pupae.  They only changed it in the movie to be flashy.  Dumb.  You should have seen them, John.  They are the perfect burglars.  It is the perfect crime.  They release pheromones so that they are undetectable, the bees had no idea.  They can steal all the honey they like.  They are magnificent.”
When my hand stills on his shoulder, I notice him staring at the scar on my chest.  He reaches out and his finger brush along the length of it.
“We can make more later.”
“Yes, I think about it every day.”  He says, and any anger he had seemed to be harbouring slips away and is replaced by a look of deep sadness.
“Did you catch him?” I ask.
“Thank you.”  He says as he moves to his side of the bed, sensing that I need some space.
I go to speak, but he won’t let me.
I feel him hard against my lower back.  His breath fast against me neck.  Knowing that he is enjoying this just spurs me on.  I push back against him.  My mouth open, panting.  “So good.”
The room is silent, absent of Rosie’s snuffling snores.  John has been here for nearly a week and I am embarrassed that I don’t even know where Rosie is staying while my life implodes.  Perhaps she is downstairs with Mrs Hudson.
Realising what it is, he looks up at me, dropping the pages.  “Sorry, I shouldn’t have.”
When he brushes over the one on the inside of my thigh, I take him by the wrist.  “Stop now.”
“What?”  I say, I need clarification.  “You want me to…?  In the bed…?  Are you sure?”
“I’m sorry, John.”  I manage to mutter against his damp shirt.
“I, um, I guess I just want to have more control over my anger, it gets away from me sometimes.”
I smile as I realise the most obvious answer and say “Prison.”
I’ve rejected four inquiries that are just cheating spouses, and one flirting housewife, and two kids with lost pets, when Mrs. Hudson taps on the door.
“I thought you didn’t care.”  I tell him, but I realise that I am so wrong.  That I have been so wrong for a long, long time
“Ok.  Umm, good.  I wasn’t sure, things have been… tense between us for a long time.”
I crane my neck to see through the front window of our little cottage and I am treated to a glimpse of Sherlock coming down the path in the crisp morning light.  I have been waiting for him to come home, waiting all night.
“Is it true what he said?”
His earlier foolishness still grates at me and won’t let me relax fully.  Watching him struggle for every breath when he got ill two years ago had been hard on all of us.  It wasn’t long after we got back from working a huge case in America.  He had run himself ragged for months to close that case.  He had slept for most of the flight home, then fallen asleep on the couch almost immediately after we arrived.  I went to the store to grab some groceries and when I returned home, I found him collapsed on the kitchen floor.
And here you were thinking I was going to leave you hanging for a whole week.  What kind of a monster do you think I am?
I sit.  The chair will put me at an awkward angle and the back will make it hard for me to lean back over the sink.  I turn the chair sideways so I can get a bit closer.
“No.  It was good.  I will get used to it.  I will be able to control this.  I just need time.”
“Well, when you work it out, let me know.  I’m not good at feelings.  You’ll need to… spell it out to me.”
“Elaborate?”
“Is there a problem?”  Clara asks gently.
It is hard to process what he is telling me.  I feel like all the air has been sucked out of the room.  Like the floor has dropped out from under my feet.  I grip the doorknob harder to ground myself.
“No, definitely good.  I’m just not sure what to do with it.”
“Cases are jobs.  They pay alright.”
Here is a short one to make up for the rotten little cliffhanger I sprung on you.  I was just pausing to change perspective.
“They got impatient and when they ran out of ideas, they got an expert.  He brought in a car battery and some electrical cables.  I have never known pain like that.  I thought I would die.  It was too much.  I had to tell them something.  Something to make them stop.  Just a bit of information.  That’s the balance.  Tell them enough to stay alive.  Not so much that you are no longer valuable.
“I’m not sure.  I don’t know how I will react.  I want us to but... last time…”  What remains unsaid is how I had pushed him away and sat naked on the edge of the bed having a minor panic attack.
“Yes, best thing that could happen is that he comes here.”  I don’t mean it though.  Him coming here is not the best thing that could happen.  It would be a bloody disaster, but it would be over, and I am desperate for that.  A year and a half of thinking about this has worn on me.
I look up at him in wonder.  No one else would put up with this.
I sit in the waiting room staring at an apparently soothing landscape of stone walls and country lanes.  I am a mass of nerves.  I try to rehearse what I will say.  It all sounds too stupid.  What do I say?  I am angry because my best friend killed himself in front of me and then, two years later he came back to life in the middle of my proposal to my wife and then incited such anger in her that she killed him again.  Don’t worry though, he came back to life yet again, only to put his life at such risk that she died to save him.  Now I think I might be in love with him but I’m not sure because I’m not usually gay.  Doesn’t exactly roll off the tongue, does it?
“Exactly.  Unless?”
I turn towards him.  I kiss him.  This we have done often enough that it feels, well not entirely familiar, but not foreign either.
“Probably.”
“There is a scar on your scalp, it’s not new.  Did that happen there?”  John asks.
I get Rosie ready for day care in a haze of despair.  The only thing about today that is going well is that she seems to be feeling better.  Although if she was still off colour, I would have a decent excuse to skip work.  I don’t really want to go in today, but I know I have to.  I had purchased the clinic with the money that Mary left to me.  It is an investment so that Rosie will be financially supported, no matter what.  Because it is mine, I can take off as much time as I need.  Also, because it is mine, I rarely take time off.  The sense of responsibility towards my patients means I turn up even when I really don’t want to.
Sherlock has been haunted by the memories of that case before.  John had woken him on the couch one afternoon.  He was kicking and thrashing so much that John had been worried that he might fall.  He confessed then that he thought John wouldn’t come to save him, that in his dreams he didn’t.  That he was suffocating, too weak to fight back.
“Sorry.  I didn’t mean to startle you.”
“Nope.  Not happening.  I’ll take my chances.”  I stare back, challenging him to argue.
“Yeah, forensics were done there last night.”  He reaches into his pocket and takes a business card out of his wallet.  He hands it to me.  “Give them a call, they are the crowd we use for the messy jobs.”
“But later?  You could have told me later.”
“I don’t know, Sherlock.  You’re still a complete mystery to me.”  John says, then realising that I haven’t really grasped what he is driving at he continues.  “Do you like it though?”
As Greg walks me the elevator, he tells me “It was a justified shooting, John.  Don’t get worried about all the questions, we are just doing our job.”
“Come here, I’ll have a look.”  He tells me after he has taken a gulp of his drink.
“I can’t.  I own the place.”  I say dryly.  I really don’t want to get up either.
I need him to look at me.  I need to see him when I speak.
He ignores me haughtily for a few moments and I settle deeper into a chair and shake out the morning paper.  It is only a few moments before boredom gets the better of him.
My alarm goes off for the early shift and I reach out to silence it quickly.  Sherlock had been up until all hours composing something haunting and now that he is finally asleep, I don’t want to wake him.
The concern has only grown further by the time the taxi delivers me to the door.  I take the stairs two at a time.
John reaches up to the shelf above the sink and fumbles the mug he had been reaching for.  He moves fast to try to catch it as if falls.  He has good reflexes; that is one of the things that make him so valuable to work with, but the movement catches me off guard and I flinch away.  The mug shatters across the floor.  More facets than my pointless crystals.
“I’ll take a coat tonight then.”  He nips at my ear as he speaks.
“Do you want to talk about it?”
I can hear them talk and play as I get ready for bed, I listen to them as I doze off.
“That was the bicycle chain too.  Most of them are.  They got quite infected.”
“At work?”
“I might just put her in the tub.”  John suggests as Rosie wins the battle to escape and runs on wobbly legs towards the kitchen.   He throws the baby wipes into my lap and says “you might want to take care of that” as he gestures towards the side of my face with a grin.
I nearly shut the book there and then, but I decide to bask in my success.  I flip absently through the pages, hardly glancing at the photos.  I know them all anyway.
“I never said a word.”  He says with fake innocence that is completely undermined by his ridiculous grin.
“There were plenty of times.”  I say feebly.  He is right though; I never gave him time.  The tears fall down my face faster, and I wipe them away angrily.
“You know as well as I do, what the cost of taking a life is.  You know how it can stay with you forever.  He was not worthy of that action.”
“Thank you.”  I say with sincerity.  “I didn’t know who else to talk to.”
I stop were two pages are stuck together.  The tacky surfaces turn them into one thick page.  I prise them apart gently.  Something is stuffed between the pages.  A sealed envelope.  My heart thumps when I see that it is addressed in shaky writing to Sherlock Holmes.
“You’ve been here all day.”  I don’t know how, but I know it is true.  “You should go home and get some rest.  Rosie must be missing you.”
I go slowly back down the corridor to Sherlock’s cubicle.  He is waiting for a room to become available and until then we are stuck in a holding pattern in the emergency department.
His room looks nothing like the rest of the house, it never has.  The furniture is all relics from when he used to live here.  Nothing changed when he moved out and it was spared from most of the damage when the patience bomb detonated.  The only change is that now there is a fresh coat of paint on the walls to cover the water and smoke damage.  Plus, a cot and an armchair have been moved in.  Things for Rosie for when they both stay here.  It is all simple and modern.  He isn’t materialistic.  Army life, I guess.  Ready to leave it all behind at a moment’s notice.  I wonder if he wants to leave; if this is getting to much for him?
“Nar.  Too early.  I’m going back to sleep.”  He dismisses me with a wave of his arm, and I dismiss the idea of quitting just as easily.  But it drifts back to me throughout the day.  With every patient who wants a medical certificate to explain a work absence because their boss is too much of a prick to take their word for it, or because they got drunk last night, I am more bored.  That has me drifting in the imagination of a better life.  One where I don’t have to get up to the same droll routine.  I wonder again just how much money Sherlock has stashed away.  It would be nice to spend more time with Rosie and less time with paperwork and rosters and inventories and haemorrhoids.
He clears his throat, “the car battery?”
This chapter has fought me all the way.  Hence, it being later than usual.  Don't blame my beta for any mistakes, I just finished rewriting the bulk of it, so she hasn't seen most of it.  Please let me know when you spot the inevitable pesky mistakes.
We both ignore it.
It has been months since the last attack, he must be getting itchy for another, there hasn’t been a spell this long since he started.
He strokes my cheek with is clean hand.  I cannot answer the questioning look on his face right now.  I shudder runs through me, then another.  My skin is overheated and prickly, but I feel icy to the core.  The smells of sex surround me.
“What’s the problem?”  Clara asks.
For the past three days, as soon as John gets home, I force him to check the stitches on my head.  I am dying to have a proper shower.  To wash my hair.  Each day he tells me not just yet, maybe tomorrow.
He plonks Rosie in my lap and takes the rest of the things into the kitchen.
“Ok, ok, give me a sec.”  I flick forward to the next page and start reading about a service station hold up.  He seems less bothered about what I read after that.  After a few articles I shuffle through the paper to find the sports section, more as a joke than anything, I know he hates it when I read that out.  When he doesn’t protest to my reading a section on the upcoming Friday night grudge match, I glance up and I’m not surprised to find that he is asleep.  I fold the paper quietly and leave it on the edge of his bed, where he can reach it.
John looks uncomfortable when I say this, but he nods.
A nurse comes in.  I don’t recognise her, but she knows who I am and she tells me she will get a doctor.
I use the spare time I now have, to organise a new mattress, new pillows, and new sheets.  Linda is a saint and she cuts the tags off everything and delivers them into the sitting room so as I can order a replica of each item.  Sherlock, of course, would want nothing else.
I stand at the table and look down at the cover of the book with the cartoon boy and the train.  Hesitation warns me.  Warns me to walk away, to stop this madness.
“Yes, John but do they say anything interesting?”  I ask over his reading.  I pluck at the violin strings absently.  This feels like old times.
“You sure?  There was something important you had to say.”  He teases, but he doesn’t stop the blissful movements this time.
“How are you feeling?”  He is trying to change the subject.  “Headache?”
Mycroft leaves the room and Dr. Pawson and I follow him.  Pausing outside Sherlock’s room, down the hall far enough to be out of earshot both Dr. Pawson and I agree that Sherlock’s agitation has more to do with the traditional style of questioning and the sedation than the head injury.  It makes sense as all the other findings indicate that the head injury is not a serious one.  It is agreed that we will continue with creative questions until the sedation fully wears off and see how Sherlock is coping then.
Oh, it hurts.  Shoulder throbbing, tearing.  I try not
“Of course.  Of course, I do.”  I roll to face him.  I bury my face in his chest.  Listen to his breathing.  I tuck my foot between his calves in an effort to get closer.  He pulls me in and holds me there.  His steady comfort lets me calm down and eventually drift back to sleep.
“Hang on, you need to hear this.”  He says, before reading on.  “A source close to Holmes claims that he has already made progress on the case, a surprising revelation as Holmes has not been seen outside of his Baker Street residence since agreeing to take on the case yesterday.”
