John’s tongue leaves. I am alone again.  I look at him, a distant six inches away, and he is breathing heavily.  Perhaps that is where my air went.  I need it back.  He takes his hand from my face and I take a big gulp, sucking in all the oxygen I can, my chest heaving.
John. You should not be so bold; tis not for you to address him with such familiarity.”
John sighs.  Dropping his chin and folding his arms, “Okay, have it your way.  We’ll stand here staring at each other until you decide you want to tell me.  There’s worse places.”  He again looks around us, but he cannot let the subject go.  “Is it because I won’t let you drive?  I know you think I’m being unreasonable, but you can barely stay on the correct side of the road at home. I can’t imagine having to stay on the ‘wrong’ side will be easier for you.”
“Let me finish, okay?”
When I come back downstairs I see John watch the crowds, and at first he looks past me; I look so unlike my usual self.  But then his eyes find me, his bottom lip disappearing halfway into his mouth as he bites into it. It seems my new outfit pleases him.  He spins his finger in twirling motion, his eyes taking me in from top to bum...I mean bottom, as I slowly turn all the way around, unmindful of the hordes of people coming and going.  John has this effect on me, the ability to make me forget there is anyone else around.  Having completed the turn, when I reach his side, I hear a low whistle.
“When I was in your flat last night, I found this,” he went on, removing a tagged key from his inner suit pocket.  “I’m not sure of its importance, but it must have some meaning elsewise why would I have found it in the boot of a toe, boxed high in the closet?”
She told Colin the story that, unbeknownst to her, William had told Millicent days before.  Instead of a describing a pretty young woman, she spoke of a brave, handsome man with whom she fell in love.  Instead of the anger of a husband who thought his spouse unfaithful, she told of a bewildered wife who struggled to understand how her husband could think she loved another.  Of her despair at being torn from her child and her home because of a horrible misunderstanding.
“Not the chapel, Sherlock,” Stamford said quietly.
thank
He so wanted to believe the man was not Mycroft. But the physical attributes, despite being all but camouflaged beneath a doughy exterior, were so like Mycroft’s. The unconscious mannerisms, as telling as a DNA match, were familiar from a lifetime of observation. Sadly, undoubtedly, the man on the sofa was his brother. Repulsed, Sherlock knew it was not because of the man himself but because what he saw was Mycroft’s worst nightmare. And whatever differences Sherlock and his brother have, he would never wish unhappiness on Mycroft.
“Now where were we, John? Oh, yes.  Very good question.  Why would Mary still have the key whilst trying to make you believe she doesn’t?  Why don’t we give the flat a visit and confirm it still fits.”
John thought.
“Thank you, but no,” Sherlock said, returning his attention to John.
Sherlock scoffed.  “Of course, John is important to me; that is nothing new.  Come Mycroft, I have nothing to hide from him.  Now what is it.”
I lick my lips; I must be careful to lie
Something about the way John said it gave Sherlock pause. Leaning around, he asked, “Is it your leg?”
“You stupid, stupid, git.  You didn’t think that one through, did you?”  John’s words are harsh, but tenderness fills his face.
He swallowed; something thick blocked his throat, making it difficult.  He could not catch his air.
Snapping his laptop shut, Sherlock hooked it in his arm and ran downstairs, his stockinged feet twice nearly skidding off the polished wood stairs. And without a word of caution, he dashed John’s tray table—and lunch—to the side, John’s mouth shaped into an O as Sherlock dropped to the floor in front of him.
I willfully push my fear aside and proceed with what I have to say.
“John was standing over you, almost as if he was trying to protect you; he was already reaching his hands into the air in surrender.  The gloves he was wearing, which I later identified as yours, had a smattering of blood on them; the only viable source being Magnussen’s wound.  These matters are circumstantial at best.  But the evidence, if you will, of most interest and import, is that he confessed to killing Magnussen.  Dr. Watson said you and he determined the deceased had memorized information that would incriminate someone important, he would not say who, and that the only way to protect that person was to kill Magnussen.”
~~**~~
Feeling uncomfortable sitting on the bed while Mary was in the room, Sherlock moved to the armchair near where she sat and rocked, her eyes following him.  Taking a tissue from the box, she blew her nose noisily, turning her eyes down in embarrassment at her display of emotion.
John holds my hand where it lies limp on my leg.
Sherlock took the mobile from John’s open palm and, as he did, it lit up.
“What’s going on, then?” John asked, hoping Sherlock didn’t hear his voice waver.
mouth slid up to the base of John’s member, and Sherlock took his
“I’m so sorry, I just assumed…”
He didn’t remember hitting the ground and losing consciousness.
My gaze narrowing in suspicion, I wonder if this is a trick question.  What if I answer incorrectly?  “Will I like it?”
Finally, Dr. Watson spoke, sounding not at all brain damaged but as a man for whom the uncertainty about his own future concerned him.
Sherlock hunted blindly for his mobile lying on the mattress beside him. He couldn't remember the last time he’d been able to sleep lying down, and he didn’t want to fully wake up unless he had no other choice. But an arriving text had woken him, and it might be important. It might be John.
Wiping a hand over his face, John slumped into a chair, feeling every one of his seven and twenty years.  How, in this small room, with two squires he trusted with his life, one who had lost his life, and a man he loved with a ferocious fire burning through him, did it feel as if he were on the battlefield?  With a weary sigh, “Sherlock?”
Sherlock shook his head.
“—better. Does he know something about—"
“Yes, Mycroft, I believe I do know who she is.  And no, you won’t find her in your database.  But there is something else about this document, the paper itself, which strikes me as familiar.”
in a few minutes.”
Not for the first time he wondered why he didn’t take his gun out of his bedside drawer and put it to his temple.
“And if they find him guilty?”
He eyes me intently for a few more moments, then turns back to scrubbing his pot.  I can see he is not entirely convinced, but in the spirit of harmony, decides not to pursue the matter.
Aaargh!  It's been such a long time since I last posted.  I am so sorry for the delay, life has been busy.  The highlight being a 2500 mile road trip that found me at two, yes TWO, Paul McCartney concerts (squee!!) and the Cirque du Soliel Beatles LOVE show in Las Vegas.
And as if to mirror Sherlock’s mood, high in the sky, a cloud drifted, hiding the sun.
Janine knew the detective craved a good mystery, not unlike an alcoholic craving his next drink.  This one would be far too enticing for Sherlock to resist.
And I would have it no other way.
Lost in a book Anthea packed for him, Sherlock startled when the sitting room clock chimed ten o’clock.
Three years.  Three years since he last laid eyes on her.  Alexis…no, Mary, his lover for almost five years, broke off their relationship saying she needed to leave behind the life she had lived for so long.  Needed to remove herself from everything and everyone she was associated.
I grimace at how ridiculous it sounds.  “Yeh, basically.  That, and something along the lines of, ‘how dare you make me love you this much’.
“Yes, all was, dare I say, blissful, until one day I chanced upon the servants gossiping in the great hall.  They did not know I had arrived home from my journey, and I heard one, Josef, boasting he had taken Laila as a lover.  Describing intimacies that would have made me blush were my face not already red from rage.  Furious, I charged him, my dagger already in hand; I did not remember removing it from its sheath.”  So distressing was the memory, he struggled to catch his air.  As his lungs heaved, he coughed, a ragged, moist cough, and with a trembling hand he wiped his chin of the drop of blood that landed there.
They talk about the games/tests for some minutes, as they let her establish her comfort zone and then Sherlock picks her up again as Chloe brings what they need. She observes Rosie’s behaviour for about ten minutes more, without either of them interfering, and reassures them again after, all smiles and kindness, bidding them goodbye and sending them a list of helpful books to clue them in on the processes she usually uses, among them some good references for parenting and childcare, language acquisition and psychological trauma or imbalances in early life, along with their hearing tests prescription and the clinic she recommends, all to John’s email address, and leaves them to choose an appropriate date and time for their next appointment at the reception desk.
Overlooking the mess in the sink –for now, at least-, he goes through the cupboards in the kitchen, looking for other brands and flavours of baby food. He talks out loud for each of his findings, letting her see the packaging, touch it, explore -along with her elephant, dangling all this while from an ear she holds tight in her hand. Eventually comes across one that is vanilla flavoured, and shows it to her, guessing she would prefer it over the mango and mixed berries. It takes a moment for her to nod and mumble her agreement.
Up the steps he goes. Knocks. Then waits.
John shakes his head no, before Sherlock can object.
John left for his shift a couple of hours ago, and for the first time, she seemed a little lost at his absence. After John waved her goodbye, she sat on the carpet with her elephant suffocated to her chest, eyes locked on the door, her lips parted a little in the expression she took when she was troubled. It lasted for five minutes. Sherlock let her have some time, and then approached her with a stuffed penguin, had it nuzzle her cheeks and boop her nose. She had giggled and turned to boop him back with her elephant. And from then on, they had been back to normal.
‘Please, don’t- call me that.’
“Ah, yes.” He mumbles to himself, remembering the kind of honey Sherlock used to love in his tea. Years ago. Now it’s only lemon. At the rarest of times, maybe a tiny sweetener or a pinch of some exotic spice or another. He makes a note to buy some text time he’s out shopping. Maybe surprise him.
“No. No she doesn’t” John’s left hand relaxes from a fist, flexes and coils again. “She doesn’t know anything at all”, he murmurs.
“She will be”, he says, turning so that his entire body is facing John. “She will be”.
useless.
They stopped avoiding each other. Before, Sherlock had been careful to keep his body well away from John’s periphery. John was not the old John, his John -not since the wedding, maybe not since Sherlock had come home. Sherlock was not allowed to read over his shoulder, stand too close to him, accidentally brush arms, and knees under the table with him. John had not seemed to notice, much less want to bridge the physical gap between them. Even in the past, he had often complained about Sherlock’s lack of understanding of personal space, on the blog and to strangers, sometimes to Sherlock himself. So, Sherlock thought he had been doing the right thing, since John had never wanted that proximity anyway. But he was surprised to find that now John seemed to orbit him. It was discreet, and small enough a change that it could have gone unnoticed. But it didn’t. If Sherlock drifted to the kitchen, John would follow to perch on the table. If Sherlock returned to his armchair, John was bound to join him a few moments later. The one time their knees brushed under the table, John had not moved away. They had stood side by side to wash the dishes, and John had not pulled away when Sherlock’s movements had accidentally brought him close enough for the side of their forearms to touch as they worked. When both were at 221B, John never left Sherlock’s side for longer than 6.42 minutes. Sherlock counted.
He is on his knees on the tiles of the kitchen floor with his back turned to him. He is gripping the counter above him with one hand, as if he were trying to hold on but slid down, fell.  His other hand is fisted in his hair, pulling at it as if it was wheat to be harvested. His teeth show over pulled-back lips. He looks like he wants to eat his own skin raw; and when that does not work, and his hair refuses to be plucked form his skull, his palm strikes his head. Again. Again. And then he grabs new and old strands both and yanks, harder, and that wretchedly strangled sound that tears itself deep from his chest rises and falls with renewed viciousness.
“Sherlock?” There’s a tone of fear in John’s voice. He doesn’t know what’s happening, but he knew it would happen somehow. He knew.
The love that acknowledges, hungry to learn more. The love that doesn’t ignore the hard times, doesn’t put away the shouting matches, doesn’t slither viciously past difficulties only to encounter them as a mountain and flee. It’s knowledge of one’s self. Understanding. Extending to one another, engulfing all of the quirks and triggers. Knowledge of each other. Ever-changing, always new, ever-growing as two people grow together or apart and together again. Made of clashes and truces, circling.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You can’t keep avoiding me forever, John” Her tone has calmed down, shifted from that frenetic red. Sherlock only finds it more suspicious.
. That was what determined everything. Sherlock knew. So when he… when his little problem took flesh and bone and flight, it only crashed against that fence and shattered its wings. Over and over.
“Still mad”
Thank you for reading! Subscriptions, bookmarks, comments, kudos, they are all much appreciated! They keep us going, and #feed_our_plot_piranhas XD
John does not say it, but I see it in his eyes, ‘For me?  For
“Tis no time to be modest.”
It is not often that a client tempts me to such a degree, and I sternly admonish myself to maintain my professionalism.
John chuckled, amused that that had even come to mind; he must be feeling better. But really, what was Sherlock doing up there? Even if he was having a wank, it didn’t take that long, and Sherlock wasn’t a teenaged boy, able to do it so many times in such a short time frame.
A buzz indicated the door latch had been electronically released, and Sherlock pushed through, letting Andi go. On the other side of the door, what he saw at first made no sense. He was in a sparse room the size of 221b’s kitchen, but no one was in it. No John. No Simon. Picking up the lone mug from the table, he sniffed its contents. The tea’s milk had not yet soured, and the piece of bread on the plate was still tolerably soft.
Squinting, watching through my eyelashes to more keenly focus, I wait... poised to take action.
Thank you so much to those of you who read, kudo, and comment!  It makes this writer's heart so, so happy!
I cannot think.
happy.  And to make me happy is at the top of
His fingers still on the statue, his chest heaved slightly as he realized he was touching the embodiment of Sherlock.  And it felt…good.  Too caught up in the ethereal quality of the statue to feel embarrassment, John closed his eyes and allowed his fingers to continue exploring the marble.  He knew that at times he had realized Sherlock was beautiful, but he would never have thought that to be this close, without self-consciousness, to touch him without reserve, would be so intoxicating.  He settled his palm on the thigh, the thigh that felt almost alive under his skin.   Sherlock.
Intriguingly, a footstep sounded on the first stair below, stopping before it proceeded. Why was Mrs. Hudson’s friend coming to see
Colin be wrong.  Deeming the meat cool enough to eat, he took a bite, and then another.  They tasted heavenly for the brief moments they spent in his mouth before they went down, but when they hit his stomach, they felt as if he had eaten boulders, heavy and hard.  Weighing him down.
I look down and there are no shackles; instead I see John wrapped around me just as he was when we fell asleep.
Hearing gunfire, the policeman patrolling the Totchka whipped his head toward the sharp report.  Seeing a girl run out of a tent as if the devil was on her heels, he ran after her; she was fast, but his height gave him the advantage.  Catching up to her, he reached out and grabbed her arm, stopping her flight.
, with Sherlock was unlike anything he had ever felt.  It had burst upon him as if the sun had fallen from the sky, blinding him, searing his skin. But pain it did not cause, no, twas a kiss to his soul.  It healed him, and he had not known he be broken.
“Stop that!”  I snatch my hand away.  I see what he is doing and I will have none of it.  “Under such pressure I would tell you that frogs sing opera at Royal Albert Hall and the earth goes round and round the sun.  You do not play fair, John.  I say it again, and I will keep saying it, for I am right. You are wrong, you do not know everything!  And you are
“No, we were not harmed.” Cedric turned from the fire, the blaze from the hearth and that in his eyes indistinguishable. “Though had we been there to defend him, twould not be Eduard who is dead!” He poked at the fire again, jabbing at the innocent logs.
“Honey, I think I’m going to make an appointment with a lawyer; I need to get a will made.”  Shite!  Why did I have to bring that up
No one who knew him would be surprised; he was known to make up his own rules to achieve whatever end he desired.  And in this case, the end he desired was for the most important person in his life to be happy.
“Listen to me Sherlock, we need to talk about this.  Two men?  Together?  We could be hanged for that alone.  Not to mention that I be a knight, and you a servant.”
He chuckles.  “Nice try, but we both know that’s not true.  I won’t press it.  I’m happy just to know I was right about something, even if I don’t know what it was.”
When he finds a semi-private area for us in the hallway, he whips around, his eyes blazing.
I think about this.  As brilliant a solution as it is, I do not think I will like it if it is immediately implemented.  I know I will miss John and I do not want to start my new life without him right away.
“You are beautiful, Sherlock.”
“They say I lie.  They say they have never heard of a reward, but I believe they wait for my value to rise.  When my father dies and it is time for me to take his place, I will be worth an even larger ransom, one large enough to sustain their family for many generations to come.  This is only one of many ways in which they wear their ignorance on their lice-infested sleeves.  They could have been rich all these years, yet they gamble it away on the possibility there will be more.  Whilst they toil in the fields.   Fools.”
. His only consolation being that John had woken briefly, an hour ago.
“I turned on one of your memories before showing it to you, and,” Sherlock opened his laptop. “When I clicked on it, it wasn’t yours, it was a memory from the cabbie who took me to Hackney. I had him wait for me because you can never get a ride that time of night, especially in the less savory boroughs. It was the perfect opportunity to not only implant me but also to implant someone else who would be connected to me for a period of time. Simon seems to be particularly fascinated by me, a condition I can appreciate, though the lengths to which he goes to stay in contact are quite unusual.”
Sherlock chafed under the hood. Coarse where it met exposed skin, he fidgeted under the weight and heat of it, trying to find some measure of comfort. His normal wont would have been to forgo it, or at least to remove it as quickly as possible; hoods were to protect oneself from the harsh elements. But the day was not inclement; the sun dappled the tree leaves with its bright rays, broad swaths of light streaming down between branches.
“I will finish this chapter on beetle migration and be there in a few minutes.”
Moriarty didn’t flinch, his mobile looping the song back to its beginning in a macabre backdrop to the scene playing out around them.
“Where be Sherlock, now, Mother?  Does he live in Leith?  I want to meet him.”
person he’ll talk to. If he’ll talk, that is. But I get the idea that maybe talking isn’t even the point. Maybe you just need to be there. But if you don’t want to...”
Sherlock moved the video forward a few seconds to where he had found the picture ID cabbies are required to display.
When Katie was too old to need a babysitter, she would often make the choice to visit me after she finished school, or football practice, or dance class.  She said she did this not because she was lonely, but because, according to her, I was the only adult who talked to her as a person, not a child, and she could just be herself.  Through these chats I learned about her first kiss (At the time I found the thought of two saliva-slicked mouths touching each other wholly unsanitary and repulsive, but I have, uhm, changed my views.  Drastically.) and the tummy piercing that became infected (To this day John still does not know.  Do not tell him!  She is fine now.  Just fine.)
Bumped into by a man walking past him, Sherlock stumbled into John, frowning at John’s hands as they impatiently pushed him away.
John puts his finger under my chin, lifting it.  “I know,” he says, his eyes, kind and warm, meeting mine.
“Listen to that. It’s strong, Sherlock.  Despite all the tea drinking, the driving, the damn war, and every other peril it has endured.  I am not going to say that I won’t die before you do, but I promise you I will try my very, very best to never leave you alone.  Besides, I don’t want to miss a moment of this, of being with you; the thought of losing out on even
Sherlock watched the indecision play out on John’s face, not knowing what caused it, but as he saw John seem to settle on a course of action, he knew it was something that would be unpleasant for him.  He scooted to the back of the sofa and patted the space in front of him, his thin body allowing room for John to sit with him.
” John said mischievously.  With a burst of vigor, he swiveled around, leaving the bed from the far side.  Leaning down, he put his hands on the edge of it.  “Get thy pretty arse over here and help me; we need to move this so no one comes in.”
“As you can see, all be well.  She may leave now.  You, too.”
Putting down his suitcase, I open my arms to him and he moves into their circle, his hands on my back bringing me in for a hug that is almost desperate in his need to hold me closer.  His cheek resting  against mine, I cling to him as long as I can before he pulls away,
He quickly forgot about the innocuous plant life as he busied himself making his tea and taking the morning paper, now almost 24 hours old, with him to his chair to sit and relax before his body would finally allow him to sleep after the night's lively activities.
“Ask what?”  I no longer have any idea what started this discussion.
What else?
“If Sherlock Holmes is anything, he is
This chapter about makes me cry, the love they have for each other is so profound.   I think I'm in love with old men in love.  Especially these two.  Lord.
“I printed out extra copies for you of her visible injuries, but security won’t let me have CCTV footage without the proper paperwork.” Molly handed him a sheet of paper, eyes downcast.
it.  Do not cry, Father, please do not cry.  He will come with Sherlock, and you will be able to leave this world happy.”  Millicent leaned down and kissed her father’s cheek.
Crouched in front of the cottage's hearth, John threw another log into it and yawned. The heat from the fire toasting his skin, it reached all the way down to his bones, warming them. He eyed the bed.
She didn’t tell Mycroft that distracting Sherlock was why she had been nudging Sherlock and Watson into each other’s path; it wasn’t because she was a hopeless romantic, though she did believe they belonged together. If Sherlock’s eyes were on Watson or Simon, then he wouldn’t be looking at her. He wouldn’t be thinking about how someone as young and presumably inexperienced as her was monitoring the security cameras in such an important case. Too, she needed to stick as close to Sherlock for as long as possible; she was MOD’s best shot at catching Simon quickly before he did too much more damage. Only two people would recognize the person who could destroy years of research, and one of them was dead.
My mouth falls open and shower water splashes inside, but I do not notice...
John sighed.  Maybe Sherlock didn’t notice the solid rod thrust up against his bum.  Maybe in his inexperience he didn’t even know what it was.
I was not wrong, then.  I think about his request.  I think back to kissing him (as if I had stopped!).  If I stopped breathing whilst doing that, what will it do to me to feel his body along the length of mine?  I do not want him to wake up to a cold, dead body next to him; I will not do that to John Watson.
“Because your name be Sir Norman the
Mycroft’s gaze dropped to his umbrella as he twisted its handle. And when he looked back up at Sherlock, as so often was his way, he went straight to the heart of the matter.
The last time I posted, I put out Chapters 14 and 15 within a few hours of each other, but some subscribers only received the first notice, and I wouldn't want you to miss Ch 15, there's important stuff in there.  :-)  Today I'm also posting 2 chapters, just in case you only get one notice.
He felt it unwise to send an unarmed man off on his own, but he had bought Sherlock’s freedom and that meant giving him the freedom to do as he chose.  To do as one chose, one needed tools. This time when Sir John reached for his purse, he first unlatched his belt to slide it free.  Holding it out to Sherlock, its weight felt heavy in his hand.
Turning the knob, the door barely ajar, the methodical ticking he had thought to be Mrs. Hudson’s timer grew louder.
John lunged at Colin, fisting Colin’s cloak in his hands.  Pulling him up short and yelling into his face.
I go back to listening to the ‘river’.
he vowed, surprised at his vehemence.
Sherlock nodded and started for the stairs, turning when John said his name. “Yes?”
Like this morning.  Waking up cuffed to the bed was not normally on the breakfast menu, but as it was…might as well make the most of it.
I look up and down the street, not knowing what to do, not knowing where to go.
John looked at his watch.  Time to go.
Sherlock sucked in a lung full of air and breathed it back out slowly, as winded as if he’d run a mile at breakneck speed, but it must have been that in those brief moments it took to get and send the picture he had forgotten to breath.
“Jesus, Sherlock.  You look like you’re about at death’s door.”  Lestrade shook his head.  “Let me call Mycroft.”
John could see the cautious hopefulness play out on Sherlock’s face as he waited for his answer.  Smiling warmly, he said, “That sounds lovely, but I have to get home.”
Slitting an eye, he saw the dark coat, dark hair approaching the door. Smelled the waft from a freshly soaped body.
Distracted by his internal debate whether or not John could press his lips more tightly together…they really did look as if they disappeared… Sherlock did not answer quickly enough.
Already having positioned himself near the printer, Sherlock pulled out the sheets, quickly scanning them.
When Sherlock felt assured John would sleep through the night, he quietly rose and tucked the blanket securely around John.  He did not want to leave; after all, had he not told John he would not?  But, though appearances did not matter to Sherlock, they did to John, and he did not want to give anyone cause for idle talk.
“Here, John, let me show you.”  Sherlock takes several pieces of folded paper from his other pocket, doing his best to smooth out the tattered edges, and hands them to me. In his elegant hand, I read the list of things he wants to do before he dies.
“Tis too late, thee must wait until morn,” Laila had said, tugging at Colin’s arm.
Their eyes still locked, Sherlock took a deliberate step forward, the gaze with which he met John’s so intense, John felt incapable of moving.
“You can do whatever you like,” John said, interrupting Sherlock's thoughts, that perfect, beautiful smile still on his face.
Putting my hands onto his arms I firmly push him away from me, heading him in the direction of Katie’s room.  “I know. Now
“And here I am.”
“Yes, you be right, tis true.  But what do we do? Tis not our place-“
“I think maybe, just
“I be stabbed, too.  Look.”  Cedric walked over to Sherlock and, twisting his body, showed him his arm.
be he who trained him), caused John to push aside the seed of doubt that Cedric be not as cooperative as he appeared.
Sherlock’s attention shifted from John to the view outside the vehicle inching through the night, watching the lights and people a world away. He used the distraction to transition from the emotional realm to the palpable, the latter being the easier, and more familiar, to navigate. And when he was ready, he pivoted the screen to look directly into it. John deserved his full attention.
Sat in a corner booth with a panoramic view of the pub, Sherlock propped a mobile in his hands to mirror the activity of at least half of the people there. He hadn’t been in many pubs, and certainly not as a vehicle to social interaction, but he knew the Ram’s Head was abnormally quiet, unusual in the fact that, to a one, each person sat alone. No small clusters of raucous football enthusiasts, no pairs of friends catching up after a hard day. No flirtations.
But what did those things mean?  Sherlock knew little of relations between people, let alone lovers.  All he knew be he needed to find John, and he would suffer any discomfort to do so.
He shakes his head and his voice drops low enough I can barely hear him from across the room.
“Uhm, John?”  I watch my thumb rub his wedding band, the platinum ring that has left his finger but a handful of times since we married.  The ring that is strong, constant…precious.  As is my husband.
He stands up, moves behind my chair, and wraps his arms around me.  Between little kisses on my neck and nibbles on my earlobe, he tells me why he was smiling so dreamily.  (How do you expect me to hear what you are saying, John, when my brain is growing fuzzy from your kisses.  A man can handle only so much stimulation at once.  Even someone with as capable an instrument as I.)
A smile threatened the side of Sherlock’s mouth and, for the first time that day, a vague sense that almost felt like pleasure flicked inside John.  Sherlock stepped closer to him, fanning the flicker to a small flame.  Dousing the flame when John realised Sherlock be leaning down to Gareth, not in for a kiss.
“Yes, I see, but you do not stand still.  Your fussing grows worse and tis difficult to measure you when you move all about the place.”
The one who will know if I make a mistake.  I push aside the thoughts threatening to undermine me.  I choose to trust John.  To trust him to know that this is what he wants, that
When nothing else be forthcoming, John decided he would have to try another approach; asking Sherlock straight forward be getting John nowhere.
circumstance and the more he thought about it the less absurd it seemed.
“Come now, you know very well what I’m talking about. Why, Mycroft?”
“I did
Keeping his eyes on Sherlock, John slowly removed his jacket, laying it on the arm of the chair as he sat back down.  He placed the gun back on the table.
.”  John tugged on the hand he had not yet released, forcing Sherlock back down.  “Thou said thou would not compete.”
"Good morning, love!”
Was it trained on Moriarty or himself?  Sherlock didn’t have enough information to calculate its line of sight, not without being able to see the rifle itself.  Moriarty didn’t move the entire time.  Didn’t speak.  Sherlock puzzled at this.  Something wasn’t right.  It wasn’t like Moriarty to remain silent; Sir Boast-a-Lot couldn’t be a more apt pseudonym for the consulting criminal.
Still listening to Herman, Mycroft picked up his napkin and dabbing it at his mouth, looked around the room.  As he hoped, his meeting brought no untoward attention; pairs and small groups of diners chatted amongst themselves, the trio of men in the corner going unnoticed.  Unnoticed saved for one set of eyes looking directly at him.
Laila laughed.  “Yes, but fitting.  A special name for a special boy.  As be thee,” she added; she did not want to give him cause to be jealous.  “His given name be Scirlock, after his grandfather.  When he grew old enough to himself say it, it always came out ‘Thirlock’.  Eventually, he called himself Scirlock, for some reason the ‘h’ still be there.  We did not have the heart, or the patience, to keep correcting him, so from then on, ‘Sherlock’ he be called.”
“You must be Mr. Holmes! Are you all right? You didn’t hit your head, did you?” Annoyingly perky for the time of night—for anytime, really—she prattled on, handing him a paper cap and gown. “You’d be surprised how many times people do that. The hospital really ought do something about the doors. Don’t want to have to find beds for visitors.”
The sharp intake on the other end of the line was cut off almost as soon as it began, but it told Andi that Mycroft found the news every bit as disturbing as she had. “All doors, interior and exterior, have been secured. To avoid a panic, everyone is being told it’s a mandatory fire drill, and that it will be completed momentarily. We should have Simon and Sherlock in our sights within moments. And Sir?”
“What happened to you?”
Having lost his ability to speak the English language, he stutters.  “Uh, I was, uh, saying it to your Uncle Sherlock.”  He says this quietly, hoping to lessen the impact.
His hand is on the back of my head; his fingers massage me, play with my hair.  I feel him smiling as he kisses me. He pulls back, looking at me as if he has a secret and says, “You are beautiful, Sherlock.  Absolutely beautiful.”
"That tired tactic’s not going to work on me again.” Sherlock’s laugh rang hollow. “This is merely a dream. No, a nightmare, and I want it over. My subconscious, my rules.”
And so he had sold a small part of his soul and gone to Mycroft for answers.  Had asked his lover’s brother what had happened to Sherlock.  Hearing the story told to him he had
Taking my life into my hands, I persist.  It is important he believes me, if for no other reason than to impress him with my deducive…no, detuctive…no….  Drat!  I want to hear I am AMAZING!
Frustrated by my thwarted attempts to solve the case of the mysterious back, I open a new case.  I shall call it The Case of My Little Soldier.  (John would do well to follow my example; the lack of sentiment and whimsy in its title make it a model to be admired and emulated.)
When Sherlock awoke the next morning, still lying in front of a fire long burned out, instead of rising to start his day, he lied there and thought.  Not about experiments or body parts or serial murderers, but about John.  About touching John.  About the way their fingers had knitted together, the way their palms had pressed against one another.  It was almost as if John was still there with him, so strong was Sherlock’s sense of the warmth and texture of his skin, the way his firm, but gentle grip had molded into his.
John’s mother?  Alive all this time? He has never mentioned her; I assumed she passed before we met and I never felt the need to bring the subject up.
“Christ! Is there
“Uh, sorry, love.”  He lets go of a heavy breath; he is as disappointed as I.  He turns and walks away, leaving me to stand watching after him.  I am certain that if he has not already driven me mad, he will.  Soon.
“Bit of a surprise, that.  We’ve been friends a long time now and I, well, I never had  a clue you felt that way.”  This was far more difficult than he thought it would be.  “But you do know I don’t feel…that way, don’t you?”
Unclenching his fist, John reached for Sherlock’s upraised wrists, his fingers wrapping lightly around them.  He held Sherlock as if he be precious and fragile, as if he might break if he gripped him too tight.  Transfixed by the sight of skin on skin, with his thumb he slowly stroked the soft skin along the inside of Sherlock’s left wrist.
“Have you talked to her?  You must have,” John said, answering his own question.  “Why hasn’t she come to visit?”
“His name is Leonid Shikov, a Russian spy I recognized from when I infiltrated the Serbian prison in which you were held.  From the intelligence I collected, his orders instructed him to, and I quote, ‘capture and neutralize Sherlock Holmes’.  Once we extracted you and you…’resurrected’ yourself here in London, he followed, staying underground all this time.  Why, I don’t know.  Today, when I was dining with your Lestrade and the Communications Minister, he sat at a nearby table.”
“Hmmm?”  Sherlock had seen John’s lips move, but so intent be he at the sight of them, he had not heard the sounds that came out of them until John said his name.
Is on…
“It’s okay, sweetheart, I understand.  You don’t have to want sex; it’s not something I want to push you into.  I’m happy to be with you no matter what.”
Sherlock didn’t think for a moment that Simon would believe him, but he needed to buy himself time. The power that Simon had developed went far beyond mind control, which in itself was difficult to comprehend.
John’s brow creases.  “But we all die, Sherlock.  We are born, we live our lives, and then we die.  That’s how it works.  But, tea?  Why tea?  I drive a car, that’s statistically a lot more dangerous than drinking tea.  I breathe the bloody fumes that sit in the house whilst you do your experiments; hell, that has to be a
I am gratified to hear this.  I do not want to go through the immense amount of time and effort it would take to find a suitable replacement.  Tedious.
“Ibuprofen and some antibiotics.”
I open my mouth to tell him, but nothing comes out.  Instead I gulp air, unable to speak.
What was Mycroft doing here?  And why was he worried?
It looks like…no, it cannot be!
John’s stomach lurched as if he might be ill.  They had to have arrested Sherlock for falsely acting as a knight.
“What evidence do you have? John did a thorough examination of me and found nothing. I’ve studied my own behaviors, looking for the merest indication of anything I’ve done being out of character. And I assure you, I have found nothing. Tell me, Andi, what is this imaginary behavior you’ve seen that leads you to fantasize I’m one of Simon’s victims?
Mycroft sat at the back corner table with DI Lestrade and Minister of Communications, Herman Cotswald. He preferred dining at the Diogenes Club, but unfortunately it proved difficult to reschedule the fumigation already in process.  As the club’s alternative he chose a restaurant known for guests who desired as much privacy as the three of them; they would be left alone.  Agents doubling as waiters discreetly watched the room for possible security threats.
“This time it is.  There will be time for me later.”  Lifting the covers to leave, “I’ll be back in a few, I have to, uh, go use the loo.”
Many hours later I slide the hotel key card into the slot, unlocking the door; I have been gone all day.  Fear weighs me down as if a 25 stone corpse has fallen upon me and I am struggling to crawl out from beneath it.  What if John returned first and, not seeing me, left, thinking I do not care?  Thinking I do not want him.  Thinking he is not worth the ‘trouble’ of a relationship.
know?”
Sherlock snorted. Mycroft
He tightened the duvet under his chin, determined to enjoy at least a few minutes of this unexpected reprieve from life’s dark realities, but the fragrance of freshly cooked …
Taking the tube with him John returned to straddling Sherlock’s legs.  A generous dollop on his middle fingers of his left hand and he sought out Sherlock’s rim, first circling it with his fuck-you finger, then dipping it in slowly, watching Sherlock’s face, getting almost as much pleasure giving as was the taker. His own cock grew hard as he watched Sherlock’s breathing start to get heavier, saw eyes flickering beneath closed lids, felt Sherlock clenching around his finger, then two, as he probed inside.  His own hips started to rock back and forth as he subconsciously primed himself.
What an odd thing it was, this compulsion to take care of Sherlock. To see that his most basic needs were attended to when he should be more than capable of taking care of himself. John grunted.
Days?!  Weeks?!  You might as well shovel the dirt over my grave now, for surely I will die of need.  Need of you.
Neither Oleg was palatable.
Several miles into their journey, John cautiously broached the subject that so quickly built a wall between them.  With little time left for them to be together, they needed to tear it down; it couldn’t be allowed to become insurmountable.  Any other option was simply unacceptable.
he needed to look at the subject from all sides, and that meant he must weigh the value of what she said.
“It is covered by our trip insurance.  Come, John, get packed.  We want to be ready when the ship docks.”  I take the rest of my garments from the wardrobe and set them beside my bag.
“John John, I like it.”  His eyes brighten, “What do you think about this?  We could rent a flat in London but still keep the cottage; it’s free and clear.  Katie and Paul won’t want us underfoot all the time and that way we can go to the cottage for a weekend, or a week, whatever, when we need the quiet.  I would really hate to let it go altogether.”
Reluctantly, John brought himself back to the present.  The tournament.  Twould not be useful to allow himself lose his focus for too long.  But there be one more thing.
“Go to the store. Get me these.”
I bite my lip, looking at the closed door.  I will not cry; Sherlock Holmes does
But how did he know her new number?
Always.
Gathering a wool wrap to shield herself from the cool evening and her purse, by the time Nika opened the front door, a sleek, black Jaguar idled in front of her house, double-parked on the narrow street. When she approached the car, the driver held the door for her, handing her a slim portfolio that would contain vital information–a detailed account of the injuries, the patient’s known medical history, X-rays and other imaging reports. She would study them on the ride.
“I believe we have covered that question, many times.  Being you.”
John held his breath, waiting to believe it was over. Daring not look at Sherlock. What if Sherlock’s declaration had been a ruse?
The detective felt his knees go weak from both the kiss and the praise. He’d never wanted a Dom before, but that was only because he’d never met a Dom like John Watson. They reached their floor and Sherlock straightened up to his full height, putting his cool mask back in place.
“Yes, you git.  Everytime you call me an idiot; you called me that several times today, by the way.  Everytime you ask my opinion on something you know very well I haven’t an answer for.  Everytime you babysat my screaming child.”  He sounds as if he chokes up a bit.  “When you faked your death at Bart’s.  When you put yourself at risk to save me from the fire.”
Perhaps he had a fever. Bringing a hand to his forehead, Sherlock felt his skin. Beads of water rested there, but twas no more than one could expect given a covered brow on a temperate day.  And he was not lightheaded or feeling ill, his only complaint the thin stripes of muted pain running down his back.
“Well, who else would I be?”  Even after all the time I have known him, sometimes the things John says make absolutely no sense to me.
“I see that, John.”  (Do not ask ‘why’ again.  Do not do not do not.)
I have no idea.  You’re the poster child for ‘bizarre’.”
James printed the brief note, retrieving it from the printer on a table beside her desk and weighting it down with her keyboard.
Turning to her desk, she swiveled the computer screen so they could both see it. Tapping a series of keys, she brought the screen to life and then pulled up an enhanced image of the chip she had removed. “It’s here on this slide,” she said, pointing at the rectangle of glass on the desk. “But it’s indiscernible to the naked eye.”
John nodded, a small, weary gesture that tugged at Sherlock’s heart.  His eyes drifting closed, John breathed out “Ily,” as his head lolled to the side.
“And so, when we get Rose into the building, which I presume is the purpose of all this, she’ll do the rest of the work?” John asked, having watched Sherlock enter the commands that Rose followed.
John nodded, too late for Sherlock to see. Uncertain, anyway, how he could prepare himself for the unknown. But what alternative did he have? And hooking his mobile to its charger, he sat sentry over it as he waited for Sherlock to call.
“Sir John the Courageous of Cambridge!  Sir Norman the Merciful of Leicester!”
His eyes opened to a shadow hovering over him.  Twas dark enough inside the tent he could not discern the face, but the silhouette of a lanky body and wavy hair, curls sprung loose in messy disarray, gave Sherlock away. Sherlock’s head tipped to the side, telling him to follow.  John removed himself quietly from bed and tiptoeing, trailed the tall figure outside.  The hand that took his gripped him firmly, leading the way, and John’s pulse pounded in his ears, blocking out the chatter of the night’s creatures.
?”  Sir John’s eyes widened in astonishment.  “Oh, yes, I see why such a grievance would so agitate you.  Cedric, off with his head!” he commanded, waving the back of his hand toward Sherlock.
Wordlessly, Sherlock reached out and, clutching the purse and the knife, let them hang down at his sides.
with her
He lies there for some time without answering, his eyes once again closed, and I wonder if he has fallen back asleep.
I turn over and face the back of the sofa.  I will show
Not a term he’d ever associated with himself. He’d always taken a certain satisfaction in his… maybe bravery wasn’t the right word, but at least his pragmatism in handling life’s difficulties. He ran toward problems, not away. But not this time.
“Do you have time to go for a cup of tea?  There’s a café around the corner that makes marvelous scones; it won’t take long.”
“I, uh…John.  I am afraid you are going to die.”
“Sir John, how lovely,” she said.  “Tis kind of you.”
Not for long.
…and kisses me on the other cheek.  Fortunately, it is not as exciting as when he put his tongue in my mouth, but I still like it.  Very much.
have said ‘no’.
I am going to think about you and how happy my hand is when it lies on your stomach and how I can see the brightest sun in the universe when I look in your eyes and how when I breathe in your skin it is more fragrant than any rose, and...
“Yes, John, for the hundredth time, I be ready.”  Sherlock held up the paper on which he had scribed a counterfeit Official Decree of Inspection, giving the ink a last few moments to dry before he rolled it and tied it.
Several steps behind, Sherlock followed John back the inn. Not because he could not keep apace, but because he needed to think. Twas not Eduard he thought about, for of what import twas a man he knew not? No, twas John who occupied his thoughts. Twas the flush of happiness it had brought to Sherlock to please him so. When he had taken John into his mouth he had had no thought of personal gratification.
“No. No one but who is in this room.”
For the first time, Sherlock noticed that viewing John’s memories was dissimilar to viewing video on his computer or a show on television; with the latter two, the resolution was uniform. This video mimicked real life. In it, Sherlock could see a distinct focal point with a higher resolution than the hazier peripheral vision.
Sitting at the end of the bed does not help me to think; alarmingly, my lack of concentration on anything but John is worse, for now I am able to see all of him. The face I have longed for, profiled so serenely against the pillow.  His hair, mussed with sleep, calling out to my fingers, begging them to touch it.  The hand that curls into the pillow, so strong…strong enough to fight a war and tender enough to wipe a child’s tears.
Saying nothing, Sherlock watched the faces passing him, trying to convince himself he sought Cedric.  He wondered how Colin could be so sure about John.  Sherlock had to admit Colin be not so intolerable; he showed himself to be knowledgeable on an array of subjects, and unusually observant.  He reminded Sherlock a bit of himself.
He tucks in his shirt and cinches his belt.
"You," he says simply, as if no explanation is needed.
“You once said I’m drawn to danger, that’s why I
“Why would we be needing two rooms?”
“I want to make you happy and if loving me makes you happy, then I guess it is a cross I will have to bear.”  I sigh as if it is a great sacrifice for me.
“…it’s understood, then. I’ll call again in twenty minutes,” Mycroft ended his call, tucking the mobile into the inside pocket of his coat.
“Sir John!  Sherlock.  He says Cedric killed Eduard and tis why he did not come back with you.  Please, tell me tis not true.  I have already lost one friend; I cannot lose another.
Or as Sherlock would say, all the way
It is rare that I am shocked.  Why is John asking me this?  Never have I thought him foolish or senseless.  He is the wisest and kindest man I know.  That I have ever known.
And heading in the direction to which Dr. Watson points, I hear him ask Sherlock, “How was…” Pained sounds, faint as they are, escape him as he grapples for a word. But for as long as his silence lasts, all he manages to produce is, “…it?” Ahh, how much he says in so little.
“Did he say how I was injured?”  Sherlock didn’t recall any one else present, which seemed odd.  Surely Magnussen would have had a security detail given the number of people of Britain who certainly would not mind seeing him come to harm.
“Where are you going, John?  The fire died down hours ago and judging by the crystallized particles in the air, the heat is not yet back on.  Obviously.”
“What do you mean ‘What happened this morning’?  Nothing happened this morning.  I fixed you breakfast.  You complained I do too much for you…and I stopped doing anything for you.  What is there to talk about?  Oh, and by the way John, the next time you want to bemoan that your only purpose is sex, try not to seduce me.  It is not very clever of you.”
He hears me. (“Well, if you’re not going to answer…”)  He turns around and….
I point at him and giggle again.  “John angry.”
“Don’t you like it?  You seemed to until you woke up.”
He closed his eyes, almost swaying in disbelief.
Watching outside the car window as the city passes us, the city I once thought my true love, I turn my gaze to smile at John.  Looking into eyes that tell me how very much I am adored, I wonder how I could have ever thought concrete and steel appealing in comparison to the flesh and blood, and heart, of the man sitting beside me.  “You.  Always you,” I respond.
"Not...obstinate-" Sherlock grated out.
John couldn’t stop staring at Sherlock. He tried to turn away, to tear his eyes from the face that had carried him through his darkest days, but just as he did, he saw Sherlock’s legs start to give way.
, John?)
“Shhh…” he crooned, puckering softly at my lips.
Unsure what that meant, John sat at his computer, a wave of melancholy washing over him.
“It’s good to see you Uncle Sherlock!  A bit of a surprise, this, but you know I love you.”
“It’s not a maths equation, Sherlock; ‘x’ plus ‘y’ doesn’t equal ‘z’.”   Unbuttoning his jacket, John lays my hand on his chest, his eyes locked with mine.
“Tis all right, Dame,” John said, laughing. “Sherlock be a spirited young man, but I am not easily offended.”
~~**~~
Sherlock nodded his head approvingly at John’s suggestion.  Searching Mary’s contacts for Janine’s number, it puzzled him when he couldn’t find it.   How odd that a friend close enough to serve as a bridesmaid was not in her contact list.  Pulling out his own mobile, he called his former ‘intended’.  He hadn’t seen Janine since she visited him at the hospital, but she occasionally called to tell him how much she enjoyed her new bungalow.
My face buried in his neck, I worry the inside of my lip, my breaths coming in short, quick puffs.  I purposely take a deep, long breath.  Whatever is to happen between us, I desire to be aware of every moment of it; losing consciousness is not an option.
“No, you go ahead,” James said. “I have work to catch up on. Ta.” And looking down, she continued typing.
“What be it?  Has something happened to Sherlock?”
in my own home?  I am simply going about my everyday routine.  It is not unreasonable to believe we will occasionally occupy the same space at certain points during the day, after all, we do
“Sherlock,” he again heard his name, this time accompanied by a brisk slap.  A slap on his cheek that while not painful, was jarring.  His eyes opened.
One of the young staffers darted to the door, her pony tail bobbing behind her, and she pressed a button.
Reluctantly taking his hand from Sherlock’s, he smoothed his thumb along a sharp cheekbone, reminded of when he first saw Sherlock on the hospital gurney so long ago.  Back then he hadn’t known the man that had been near death, had not known that he would fall in love with him.  Had not known that to be without him would be more painful than any injury that could be inflicted upon his body.
Sherlock parked 3 blocks from the hospital, telling John to stay in the vehicle whilst he found out if it was possible for John to go inside undetected.
WTF?!
John’s mouth fell open.  “What?!  You stupid arse.  Wandsworth isn’t some country club where you can wander in and out as you please.  It’s a Category B prison built to keep people
!  Everywhere I touch, all I feel is John’s flesh.  John,
His arm fell to his side, the mobile clattering to the floor as his hand lost its grip on it.
Jesus.
Unless there was no other option.
“No, I didn’t; it was all about you, love.”
The moonlight’s glow did not reach into John’s tent, making it difficult to see, but when he entered, Sherlock saw what appeared to be a man lying down.  Dropping to his knees beside the form, Sherlock reached out.  John.  Dread wound through Sherlock’s limbs, twisted his stomach in alarm.  John be not moving, and no one within hearing distance could have slept through such a noisy upset.
“Whilst, technically, all communications systems interconnect, it is a matter of degree to which they are connected.  Though it would take, say, 90 separate hubs for a computer monitor in Westminster to reach a CCTV in Blackpool, it could be done.  The manpower to do so would reach far beyond the capability of one person and would, I assume, take months to chart the links.  No master ‘map’, if you will, of the infrastructure exists.  Whoever assembled it will have had to access any number of databases to compile the information.   Then to execute the transmission, well… it truly is unfathomable how much coordination it took.  Now accomplished, the bigger question is how to prevent a breach from happening again.   However nefarious the motive might be, it mustn’t happen again.”
doing here?”
No, what made it distinctive was the note within, a somewhat perfunctory note telling Sherlock he would never see John again.  A note that said John was very sorry, but he couldn’t stay in London.  He needed to get himself sorted, and to do that he needed to start a new life elsewhere.  ‘
did I have a computer in me?”
“No!  Listen to me.”  Cedric grabbed John’s arm, his fingers digging into firm muscle.
Sherlock thumbed the message into Simon’s mobile, doubting Simon was still connected to it, but it was the only direct connection he might have. If he knew where Simon’s bolt hole was, he’d know where John was, but he hadn’t any sense yet where Simon operated from; if he did, Simon would have been apprehended by now.
, I do,” I rush to tell him.  “But you weren’t here and you never leave in the morning.  And we’re supposed to get married today, and I thought…well I just thought you got scared and decided you didn’t want to… you know, get married.”
“Aldus!” Sherlock called.
John flinched at the flash of anger that swept across Sherlock’s face, at the way he drew himself up.  But John stood fast.   “I have lived with Cedric these two years, and never would I have guessed at the dark depths within him.  There be no way thou could know.”
“He did?  When?”
“I thought you would be happy for me; I thought…I
Sherlock had not been guileful when he had told John that he be his family now, but that did not mean he would not try to find answers when they arrived in London.  If he found no answers, that would be that.  But if he did
Stopping by the bed on his way to his laptop, he studied John. The bruises turning shades of blue and purple. The scrapes losing their angry red coloring and the deeper ones bandaged or forming scars. A thin blanket outlined the splint and dressing on John’s left leg; soon, a cast would replace the splint, after the threat of infection at the incision site had passed.
I know she means well, but I do not know how to respond to this, for all I ever did was love him.  What else could I do?
“That be wise.”
I take my own phone out and reverse the camera, scanning the scene behind me. (Detective Amici has a nice ring to it! Giorgio Amici, Love Detective.) In the cab about fifty feet away, only one head is visible, presumably the cabbie’s. There’s no one on the street.
“Are you feeling better?”  I hope I am not misreading the noises he is making and he is in too much in pain to communicate it verbally.
Colin clasped Sherlock’s arm, turning, so they faced each other.  “Because he be in love with you.”
Mary picked up her bag from the chair beside her and headed to the exit, leaving her companion to quickly toss a few notes on the table before rushing after her.
Sherlock’s thumb caressed John’s wrist as he thought, filtering what he knew to be true from what he may have so carelessly assumed.  So consumed be he in his contemplations, he be startled when he heard his name.
(See the end of the chapter for
And then he saw from whom the voices carried.  Two men walked briskly toward the camp,and Colin’s bravery faltered.  His mind, his body floated; he could not feel his feet touching the ground.
He is salty and smooth and my tongue is on fire.  As intimate as it is to be in his mouth, caressing this small part of him with my tongue feels so very, very much more so.
Despite my extraordinary capacity to concentrate, blocking out anything else going on around me, as I search the internet for information on tea toxicity, out of the corner of my eye I see John pick up his freshly brewed mug of tea and lift it to his mouth.
Sherlock shook his head ‘no’, jerking his chin toward the escape, clearly indicating John should leave.  John rebelliously ignored Sherlock’s command, never taking his eyes off Moriarty.  He hadn’t been able to intervene in Sherlock’s and Moriarty’s last confrontation, and he would not let Sherlock persuade him to leave.  This time Mrs. Hudson wasn’t dying.
John wasn't sure if Lestrade was ignorant of how long they were in the loo (it really wasn't
“What did you forget?”  My voice is heavy with sadness; he will be leaving again.
“Ahhh, you be the other fellow – Shirelock, Sherluck; something akin to that.  Sir John told me you might come.  Said if you did, not to answer any questions about where he might be.  But, like I said, I don’t know.  Ask all ya want.”
And then we get married.
“Wait?  What?  I never told you…”
Sir John dropped his hand from the ring, stunned.  How?
have to put everything in your mouth, you stupid git!”, grabbing Sherlock’s wrist and yanking it down from his mouth.
“Get back!” Sherlock shouted. To any of them. To all of them.
Humph. I will permit him the momentary retreat. Even a drowning man, in his struggles, sometimes catches a gasp of air.
It took another block before Sherlock spoke, using the voice he chose for people whom he had no tolerance.  The voice he used to keep them from coming too close.
Think.
Though Sherlock reluctantly agreed with the logic to Mycroft’s argument, he also knew John had lied.  The only thing he didn’t know was why.  It was not the first time John Watson was a mystery to him.  He had no doubt it would not be the last.
Sherlock was not so fortunate.
“They’re fine.  Good.”  John took his eyes off Sherlock, relieved his wife was well and safe.  Safe…  Why did she say was off to Brighton whilst she stayed in London?  Why did she go to such a posh restaurant?  They never went there.  They couldn’t afford it even if they wanted to.  Did she go by herself?  If not, who….
“Well, why did ya not say?”  Adam set tongs down and wiped his hands on the cloth hanging from his waist.
“I’ll tell you about it someday.” And Sherlock pulled away from John, just enough so that he could see his face. Only long enough that he could find his lips to whisper “Merry Christmas” against them. The last thing either one said for a very long time.
I am saved the uncertainty of the answer when John speaks again.
John’s mouth formed a small ‘O’, unsure why he jumped to the conclusion Sherlock didn’t want him along.  “Well… if that’s all you’re on about.  Let me go see Molly down in the morgue and roust some proper clothes from her; surely there’s something lying around.”
Just at that moment, the alarm on Sherlock’s mobile set off.  A small scowl passed over his face and pulling it out of his pocket, he turned the alarm off.
John blinked back moisture, unable to hide his emotion.  “Anything.”
“You’re wrong, you know.” Mycroft broke into his musings.
The smile spreads the rest of the way across his handsome face and we both break out in giggles, like little kids trying to get one over on ‘dad’.
John sat down and took a keen look at his friend, assessing him with a practiced medical eye: skin color - no more or less pale than he was used to seeing; eyes- clear and responsive; motor skills – from what little he had observed all was fine, though he was mildly concerned the fidgeting was absent.  All in all Sherlock appeared to be well, but still John needed to hear it from the man himself.
convincing.”  Looking at the joy on my husband’s face, I cannot stay angry; after all, his happiness is all I need to make me happy. “But why did you keep going along when you knew what I was up to?”
Situated in a New York City hotel suite, we have come to promote John’s newest book,
Shoving his chair back, it squealed as it raked against the floor.  John threw coins at the table and ran out of the alehouse.  To the square.
“It did take me an immense amount of time to suss out exactly the right thing to tempt you, and I deserve something sweet in return for my troubles,” I tell Sherlock with a subtle pout. And I tilt my cheek up for a kiss.
“Tis nothing, no more than a scratch; I fell onto a root and it gouged me. But they are,” he cleared his throat, glancing at John, “Tis deep.” Scanning the room, he did not see the brass jug. He knew she had kept it on the shelf over the washbasin, but twas long ago.
, my love, is difficult to think about.”
“Sherlock, I think it be time-”
The edge in Sherlock’s voice twisted John’s stomach. He had made Sherlock angry.  Hurt him.  John squeezed his eyes shut.  To hurt Sherlock was worse than if he hurt himself.  But if twas to protect Sherlock, hurt him he must.
Instead of raptly listening to my detailed deductions that never fail to impress, they shove me to the ground, pushing my face onto the warm, coarse pavement.  I think that is a knee in my back as my wrists are roughly shoved together; I feel the click of locking handcuffs more than I hear them.  Hauled back up to my feet, I give the officer my most imperious glare (later John will tell me I mostly just looked like I was going to ‘puke’.  I do not ‘
“Which one you asking about?”
To Colin’s great relief, Sherlock did not pursue the matter.  Twas not appealing to have a conversation in the middle of the night about found family.  In front of Sir John and Aldus.  Besides, they be getting light-headed from lack of sleep.  At least Colin knew
, am going to marry Sherlock Holmes.  Amazing!
, but what about—”
John.
“Sherlock murdered Eduard?!” Aldus gasped, his head snapping from Cedric toward Sir John.
“You bastard!”
They held each other’s gaze, no words needing to be said as they told each other there could be no person more important than the other, no moment more important than this one.
My hand is unsteady as it reaches for the envelope.  John is quite amorous today and it is causing me to lose muscle control.
I stop rubbing him and retreat back to the far side of the bed. Shivering from the loss of John’s body heat and the thought that I nearly sent him from this earth, I huddle under the sliver of duvet still on my side.
John stood backed against the counter, the cold porcelain of the sink pressed against his bum going unnoticed.  Something else far more intriguing was occupying his attention.
My heart pounds.  Christ, I can live without getting married, who gives a shite.  But Sherlock, him I can’t live without.  No, don’t go there, John. He’ll come home; he has to.  He always does and there’s no reason this time should be different.
His thumb is making lazy circles on my palm.  He has forgotten the tea on the table.
John swept his hand in front of himself and gave a half bow. “After you m’lady,” an impish grin lighting up his face.
“Of course, John. The memories are yours, after all.”
”  Really, Mycroft could be so obtuse sometimes.  “John came here with me, there was an…altercation, and then,” he stopped, uncertain how to continue.  Uncertain because he didn’t know what had happened next.  He had shot Magnussen, had heard the approaching helicopter, and then…nothing.  Not until now as he looked at his brother.
you, a three year old?!” John yelled in his haste to stop the detective.  “You
again.
“Well, he’s doing fine, just fine,” I said.  “His pulse is strong and steady and he should be waking up any moment now.”  I didn’t know if this were true, but I felt the need to say something,
“Okay, now you’re losing me, Sherlock.  You don’t like that it’s both logical and illogical to love me?”
Instead of rising, Sherlock leaned into John.  His head pillowed by John’s soft middle, he breathed in his scent, memorising it.  Twould not be with him forever; he would want to recall it when John be no longer a part of his life.  Twas a fact of life, no one important stayed.   Not that there had been many important people.
“John!”
“Really, Sherlock?
I sniff back the tickle at the bridge of my nose.  Fuck, how I’m going to get through this day without an embarrassing display of emotion, I have no idea.  I take a deep breath.  Man up, Watson.
Sherlock’s mobile pinged. Lestrade!
I do not know what comes next; I will trust John to guide us.  The only thing that matters to me is that John is back in my arms.  Where he belongs.
“Go on, tell him, Sherlock.” The urgency in my voice cuts through Sherlock’s stupor, and he looks somewhere down at Dr. Watson’s toes.
Something was off.
“Yes.”  A smile spreads across my face and in an instant we are in each other’s arms.
“That’s Uncle Sherlock.  Why are you calling him ‘Papa?’”
The last time.  The
Another minute or so goes by.
He needed to start hunting down Simon.
She paused, her face pinched as she wondered out loud why the body occupied space in her morgue.  “This is odd, how quickly they brought him here.  It usually takes at least 24 hours before they release a body.  Especially if it’s a John Doe they want to wait for a family to claim them.”
“It was terrible, John.  I dreamed a swarm of locusts descended on my roses and there was not even a single leaf left behind.”
“So now thou will not talk to me. Very mature, Sherlock.  Thou can refuse to speak to me until I be cold in my grave, and it will not change my mind; I will go with thee.”
I have tried.  Truthfully, I have tried to keep my temper in check, but I am so buggering frustrated from not being able to touch John, not being able to feel his warmth.  And he will not even let me smell him!  Just one small sniff is all I ask for; what harm could it be?  But he is firm.
Ripping John’s shirt from his shoulder, Sherlock inspected the wound.  Twas a small one, shallow, with a clean edge, and the bleeding already be subsiding.
“And you are…?” Nika asked, continuing to hold the coffees instead of setting them down; they could be used as a weapon.
“May I…may I kiss you before you leave?”
“Sherlock,” I say, rising as he practically runs my way, though his speed is not about haste to get to me. Yes, his long legs move him quickly, but he rushes past Dr. Watson, averting his eyes as though trying to avoid Dr. Watson’s scrutiny.
Holding the man in my arms closer to me, the few cells in my heart that harbor humility increase twofold, and twofold again.
Whilst John spoke with Aldus, Sherlock went to the body and, leaning over to get a closer look at the mortal wound, inspected the gash with his finger. When he finished he rolled the body over, first onto one side, then to the other.
“Aswe faisdi lks, afs jssaj!” John mumbled against the offending hand.
“Here you go, Molly.”  John handed her the bag of clothes he borrowed.
And so, Sherlock had retreated back into the night, restless, lost.  He had gone back to the park. He had gone back to the bench where he had last seen John’s eyes shine. Had last been reminded of the understated elegance in how he moved—
He would have been even more grateful to leave had he known he was soon to see the young man he had treated in the A&E a year ago.  To once again see the man that, unbeknownst to him, would one day save his life.
Patting a different pocket, he was relieved to find his toolkit hadn’t been taken; he would pick the lock, then. No sense waking John with the bell.
He fumbles for the switch and turns the lamp on, squinting even harder at its intrusion.
John heard footsteps pounding towards him, taking little notice since this was a popular path for joggers.  Until he realized that just metres away from him a man jumped into the water below, followed very quickly by another.
“John.”  My cheek is graced with a soft kiss, waking me.
A cab pulled to the curb in front of Ella’s building, and Sherlock climbed into the back.
It is difficult to tear my eyes from the small bundle, but as John puts his arm around my waist, I look up into eyes filled with love and tenderness, the hint of tears making them shine even brighter.  How he can give me his attention when there is such a wondrous object in my arms, I have no idea.  But as his eyes move between me and the baby, I see wistfulness, and believe I know what he is thinking…what if
Knowing it would make it all the harder to live a life without him in it.
Oh, dear Burning_Up_A_Sun, what power you have over me!  I sit with baited breathe as I wait for you to beta my chapters.  Will my heart soar?  Or will it burst?  The answer is in your hands!  Thank you for your loving care!  xoxo
Hearing a faint noise from the far end of the counter, Sherlock looked over to see a toy-sized black cab that he’d never seen before. Its headlights turned on and off, first one and then the other, as if the car winked.
“Tis not right,” John murmured, unable to move. Not wanting to.
I chose the title Dear Boy because I've sung a couple of lines in it in my head almost all my life 'Guess you never knew dear boy what you have found.  Guess you never knew Dear Boy that she was just the cutest thing around', Like I was singing to my own Dear Boy. And John and Sherlock ARE both dear boys.  But a number of chapters into the story, I really listened to the lyrics as applied to Johnlock; change the female to male, of course, and they fit far more than I realized, especially these:
“Look at it as an experiment,” Stamford appealed to Sherlock. “Think of it as an experiment gone wrong, and you stumble—”
Burrowing his head further under his wool blanket, Sir John's breath warmed the chilled air.
“Don’t stop, no…no.  That feels good.”  He is practically crooning now.
Sherlock turned the recording back on. “Do whatever Simon tells you to do, okay? He says we’ll both be fine if you do. And Sherlock?” Here, John inhaled as if considering what to say next. “Run—”
Too stunned to resist, John let Sherlock slip off his jacket. Let Sherlock adjust the pillow behind his back. Let Sherlock hand him the newspaper he’d started earlier “in case you want to finish that article I so rudely interrupted this morning,” before Sherlock walked away.
Snapping his fingers, Mycroft called a waiter over.  The waiter leaned down as Mycroft spoke into his ear, then swiftly disappeared into the kitchen to gather his street clothes and a small leather case, exiting the restaurant through the back entrance.
“Halt!  Halt I say!  Do not hang this man!”
His fingers to his temples, he tried to massage away the noise battering his skull.
Oh god oh god oh god
“It could be the same with Laila.  What she did hurt thee, but had she done nothing it might have hurt thee more.  We cannot always know what the best course will be; we do our best for those we love and hope it turns out well.  Please, think about talking to her?  If not for thyself, then for me?”
“Eduard is dead.”
John tensed at the cool hands on his sensitive skin, as Sherlock knelt between John’s legs, skidding back on the bed. Their gazes locked, Sherlock’s eyes were dark as he lowered his head.  A measured, tantalising descent.  Maddening.  John no longer heard any sound around him.  Felt nothing but the pulse of his manhood.  Saw nothing but tangled curls as the rest of Sherlock’s head disappeared.
practicable).
John watches my face as the pout transforms into a cloudy scowl and then into an air of disinterest.  I throw my legs off the bed, marching to the loo.  I must get myself under control!  I mentally flip my (annoying, cloying, soppy) emotional thermostat from ‘I l-o-o-o-ove John’, to a perfunctory,’ I love John’; no whining involved.  I come back into the room, my sensibilities righted.  I feel much better now.
Sherlock recoiled.
Sherlock backed away as if Sir John held a viper. “I do not want your money.”
could remember) that he was utterly and completely besotted with him.
on, for god’s sake!’).
a computer chip, isn’t it?” She realized she hadn’t said it aloud. Maybe Jax had seen something different. Maybe she was overly fatigued from spending long days wrapping up her practice and readying a household to move thousands of miles away. But the look on his face told her that she hadn’t gotten it wrong.
“Sherlock, love?”
“Yes, I get that, John.”
“Honestly, John, thou thinks I would kill an old woman?  Look at her skin; she had a lung condition and expired in her sleep.  Thy accusation sorely aggrieves me.”
“What?”
When it comes to me, like the hound at Baskerville, I cannot bear to think of it, for it causes me no minor amount of distress.  The predicament which shakes my calm is that…. Is that…my hand…
The police have arrived. Whilst not as reassuring as John’s presence, I know they will protect me; my breathing comes easier.
John glances back at me. “What the fuck?” his face plainly reads. (This expression differs from his “What the
arsed, you were still incredible.  You, my dear, were a proper genius.”
“Yes.  Yes, I have seen you before,” he said, meeting Sherlock’s eyes straight on.  “A year ago you were in my A&E after suffering a cocaine overdose.  My shift ended before you regained consciousness.”  He appraised the clarity of Sherlock’s eyes.  Clarity was an understatement.  There was an intensity in the extraordinary blue eyes that was almost unsettling.  He felt that with one look Sherlock knew everything about him.
she thought. And truly, that was everything she did need to know; he was related to Mycroft. There wasn’t much physical resemblance aside from height, but they both carried an air of card-carrying royalty, a preternatural self‑assurance that hadn’t been developed but that they had been born with.
“Where.  Is.  The.  Whip?”  Sir John ground out, any patience he had for this buffoon gone when he saw proof of the barbaric violence on Sherlock’s back.
His eyes still locked on Sherlock’s, John breathed heavily through his nostrils for several moments, steadying himself.  Nodding curtly, “All right, then, let’s take a look at the possibility he
Dancing through the flat with an elegance that caused John to wonder if Sherlock had ever studied ballet, Sherlock gave John a whirlwind tour. “This is your chair.”
obvious. Doy.
His mouth flies open, but no sound comes out.  One, two, three…he throws his head back and laughs.
“I’ll tell you after you open your present.”
I am not quite sure what I am getting myself into, but if it is good enough for John, it may be relatively so for me.  And since it is clearly not life-threatening, then it would not hurt for me to know what it was I put John through.  I have little doubt it will not be nearly as interesting on the receiving end as it was for me to do.
Comfortable.
At 9:15 p.m., the mobile in Sherlock’s pocket chirped, telling him it was time to go.  He would have said he found staying with the mundane case he was working on with Lestrade far preferable, but it made it easier to go to the meeting knowing it would finally be the last of them; he had quite come to detest them.
“No.  I be dazed when I be cast from my home, but I knew William would be leaving again in two days’ time.  On the third day, when I be certain he be far away, I stole into the castle in the middle of the night with the help of the cook who took pity on me.  In Sherlock’s room, the nurse slept in the rocking chair, and my heart beat so hard I be sure it would wake her.  I went to Sherlock, who be awake, looking at me.  And, as if he knew, he did not make a sound.” Laila chuckled. “I imagine he did know; wise beyond his years, he was.  He looked up at me with those eyes as blue and bright as the midday sky and held his arms out.  I grabbed him and snuck back out, knowing if I be caught I would be dead.”
‘You be welcome,’ Colin’s nod said, a twinkle in his eye.  And John knew that Colin knew.  And not only did he know about the love John and Sherlock shared, but he did not condemn it.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock. For everything.” John slid his ring off and put it on the mantel, surprised he had the strength to do it a second time.
Once again Sherlock feared doing wrong, but the lack of cursing or yelling told him on some level this must be acceptable.  Pressing his lips to John’s he was rewarded with an open mouth seeking his in response.
And disbelieving what he saw, it took several long moments for it to register that the chip holder—and the chip—were gone.
“’Get myself off?”  I do wish he would limit his use of colloquial speech.  He knows I do not engage in the language of popular culture; it is coarse and inarticulate.
“No, John.  The gentleman on the table.”
you’re right…how?”
His arms drop to his sides and clears his throat, looking at the floor again.
“Yes, Mycroft, I know they’re not after John.” Sherlock shut his eyes; his brother could be so tiresome. “But as long as he’s in my proximity, he’s in danger.”
I am free!  I am free to think and to plant in the garden, bringing all the dirt in the house on my shoes that I like, and stay up all night making noise without being yelled at.  I am delighted to realise there will be other benefits to John moving out other than having room in my brain to think.
If this was a contest, she was going to win.  Nothing, and no one,
Mary got out of the driver’s seat of the Saab down the street from the front gate, scooting into the back seat with John, making room for Sherlock to sit up front in order to drive them to the safe house.  Sherlock tuned them out as they whispered to each other, frequently pressing small kisses against each other’s mouths.  It was a conversation he had no interest in; the displays of affection he had even less so.
They settled into a comfortable silence.  Twas not so far to the inn, but they moved slowly, and Sherlock allowed John to talk him into stopping at a pub to take a meal; he suspected that as much as John desired he eat, John be more determined to see him rest.
With the excuse of tending to John’s health, Sherlock had said he would stay with him as he had the previous night.  Cedric had spit out his ale, and Aldus had turned his head and coughed into his hand, but without argument or complaint they had taken turns guarding the camp, leaving John and Sherlock be.
“John, there’s something you need to know.”
Sherlock’s eyes drifted to John’s face as he awaited his answer. John had said he would accompany him to the old woman’s home. He would not change his mind, would he?
“I believe hurt and devastated are the words you’re looking for.”
“What brought this on, then?  Not that I mind being called ‘idiot’, but ‘I love you’ definitely has a different flavour and that isn’t what you usually say.”
“John.  Does this mean you are mine?”
Looking at her intently, when he responded, it was in such a low voice that she had to lean in to hear. As soon as she did, she knew she had made a stupid,
“What do you mean you found ‘them’”?
I have a few more.
“Yes, Sherlock, Las Vegas,” John said, looking irritatingly un-irritated in my attempts to dissuade him.  “I think it would be fun.  Molly and James went last year, said it was a great lark.”
John.
Eight, nine, ten…
“He--he knows your father?  How can that be?”
Simon ended the call. The picture would come by text, and Angus was just going to keep blabbing on, anyway.
real, very alive one of Sherlock.  But how….?  Taking a quick glance, he saw that the upper half of the statue had materialized into flesh and blood, the lower half still marble.  Marble that had somehow come to life.  Marble and flesh and blood that leaned down to John, kissing the lips that had parted in surprise.  Any other questions, any other exclamations, were quieted by the lush lips that covered his and claimed them as their own.
“A brother?”  He repeated.  “
“Your Pail List, honey.”
, but John can still be very quick.   He swats my hand away and tells me to be patient.
?” His eyes widening in outraged disbelief, John narrowed them, wishing he had the power to slay Sir Norman with but a look.  “You dishonorable piece of worthless scum.  You must go at once and retract your lies!”
“Where is she?”
John blinked rapidly, fighting the urge to shut his eyes.  Fighting against witnessing a barbaric act that might well kill him.  But he willed himself to keep his eyes open.  To keep them open until the last glimmer of light left Sherlock’s.  He would never forgive himself were there to be even the slightest chance that the last thing Sherlock saw in life be John shutting him out.
“You alright, love?”
“If she had been in the house whilst it happened, she would either be dead, like her husband, or dizzy and vomiting from the poison.  But she has none of the symptoms.”  He strode over to the window, motioning for Lestrade to follow along.
“John!  Are you alright?” His face is shifting into a most unusual configuration, one I have never encountered before.  It is far from the ‘What the
“I’ve never been ‘heartsick’, as you call it, a day in my life. I merely had a persistent strain of flu that was going around.”
The cacophony of the city faded into an eerie quiet, and everything else ceased to exist as Sherlock threw himself onto his knees. With a trembling hand, he touched a wrist, a bloodied cheek, a chest that offered such shallow breaths they were barely visible.
When he arrived back at the cottage, Sherlock didn’t attempt to sleep, knowing it would be a fruitless effort.  His mind overflowing with the events of the day and the small pile of evidence, he lay on his bed thinking until dawn peeked through his window.
“BANKER DIES BY SUICIDE IN THE CITY: On Tuesday afternoon, James Alderman, a financier with the Great Britain Banker Group (GBBG), plunged from the roof of its headquarters injuring 3 people on the pavement. Each of the bystanders received medical attention and has been released. Ms. Alderman, 35 and late of Hackney, was ‘a quiet one, kept to herself,’ according to a co-worker who wished to remain anonymous. Ms. Alderman leaves behind no known family. According to City of London Police, “It is, tragically, a clear-cut case of suicide. The inquiry has been closed.’”
A long time later, I break the silence.  “Okay.”
“My grandmother, Dad’s mom.”
”  Sherlock wrested his arm from John's hold.
Sherlock wrapped his arm possessively over John’s waist and John rested his hand at Sherlock’s hip, slipping it over to trace the swell of rounded buttocks.  Their faces a breath apart, they whispered.
John is
Asking for help, particularly in a personal matter, grated. Sherlock Holmes didn’t ask for help. Sherlock Holmes—if he didn’t have the answer—was quite capable of finding it. But this particular problem was too foreign, it’s outcome too critical, to leave to his own devices.
“I saw Santa Claus, Sherlock.”
Sherlock saw the answer on Mycroft’s face, the face that found it impossible to tell the only brother he had left, that the man he was in love with would not be coming home.
“Yes, ‘Molly said’.  I know.  But does Molly know how good you feel?  Does she know you are a far better place to rest than that horrid cell and that I need to wipe the stench of it from my mind?  Just let me lie here and smell you.”  I breathe deeply, managing to detect
“Nine.  Nine.  Nine,” I declare, certain there is no one else in the entire world able to provide this vital piece of information, for there is no one more brilliant than me.
Mycroft’s sharp tone gave Sherlock pause.  Nothing was more important right at that moment than getting to his room so he could be alone to think, but clearly Mycroft felt whatever he needed to say took precedence.
“A long time ago.  Now come on, let’s get back to the hotel.  It’s still quite a ways.  Jesus, the Strip is long.”
The breathing beside him keeps on, even and steady. Sherlock smiles. John is not a heavy sleeper, from his days in the army, of course, and due to his PTSD. But it seems that this time, he is quite at peace. Sherlock wonders if he is dreaming, and what. If the reason for his lack of night terrors is the presence of another body beside his, too. And then almost despite his will, Sherlock wonders if it could be like this; if they could keep helping each other. If they could stay
“What? Couldn’t hear ya!”
“Cases?”
Sherlock follows him through the gates -thankfully there are people in front of him to copy this time, so that he can scan his ticket correctly- and down the escalator. Honeybee is clutching her stuffed elephant tight, and has buried her face in its soft fabric, a feeble whining that threatens to rise into a wail rising from the mush that is the pink toy and her face. John's fingers curl and uncurl spasmodically at his side, on the banister, on the carrier straps. Sherlock feels the black pit in his stomach widen the ugly opening of its maw. It sends his entire body shivers, makes the ground sway under his feet. What did he do? Did he do something? What did he do?
He doesn’t know it is over until the warmth of John’s lips has left him. Lost for a moment as to where and why it’s gone, he opens his eyes, only then wondering when he had closed them. John has stepped down, away from reach. But his palm is still cupping Sherlock’s face; John’s index absently scratches his jaw, like one would scratch a cat lovingly under the chin, and his eyebrows join together upwards as the corners of his lips twitch and then curl like that pleased and purring cat’s tail.
“I know”
“Please, please, please, open up, open up.”
“Oh! That’s… that’s good, yeah.”
John’s face expression becomes cloudy, as if he feels ashamed with his confession, but his words are sincere. “It’s okay, do whatever you feel comfortable with. Alright? I will respect your every choice, Sherlock. No matter what”
It does not feel a burden on him, ensuring these. On the contrary. It was the pity that he despised, John’s guilt. He despised being uncertain, because it also made him prone to hurting John more. Now that he knows what he must do, the boundaries, and the limits he should keep himself in, he, too, feels safe.
The most serious incident came just a few months after our honeymoon.
His face unreadable, John shooed him on. “Go. It’s important.”
"Are you listening?" Sherlock snapped.
A groan, born from deep inside his body, left John as he spilled himself, as the last lingering waves of pleasure left his body.  Spent, he blew out shallow huffs of air as he sprawled limply on the bed.  With a hand so heavy he could barely move it, John stroked Sherlock’s head where it lied on his belly, and said, “Tis thy turn.”
No one but John would have noticed that at that moment, Sherlock’s confidence wavered.  His eyes darkened and, almost imperceptibly, his face slackened, easing his angular features.  The change be just enough that John knew that for whatever reason Sherlock be arrested, twas egregious and likely true.
“For how long?”
Snapping himself from his haze, he made for the stairs, running up them two at a time until he reached the third floor. MI-5 or not, Andi had a bank of screens from which she watched the CCTV footage. As Sherlock burst into the room, Andi spun around, startled by the commotion.
He knew little of James or Spencer, but for both to have the MOD chip in them and for both to then exhibit extreme behaviors—James to impulsively kill herself while seeming to have everything going for her. Spencer stripping in the middle of an intersection. And John, running in front of a moving vehicle. It couldn’t be coincidence.
“I have sex.  Every day.”  Now I am annoyed.  Why does John make this so complicated?
“I do not
“Why would I lie?” Sherlock snipped, testing again the handcuffs restraining his arms behind him, unable to free himself.
LONG LIVE JOHNLOCK
“John.”
As he stood there, motionless,
. At Mycroft.
When he is done having his way with my mouth (Do not think for one moment I did not have my way with his, as well; that would be foolish of you.), he tells me to sit up.
“And it be not for Aldus,” Colin said.  “He will not leave Aldus; he be his squire.  But more so, he will not leave
“You don’t like it? It’s new.” Sherlock tugged at the hem of his jacket.
safe.”  I say this with all the indignation of someone who has been terribly wronged.
“No, love, not a hardship, a necessity.  Now shut up and kiss me.”
Sherlock sat back, his hands idle while he thought. And his fingers hit the keyboard again. It wasn’t his preference, but he had no choice; he had to look for government-issued ID. And since the government had recently upgraded their system, making it harder for unauthorized users to breach it, it was a cumbersome task not without a small amount of risk at being discovered. His concern was less about the government than a particularly annoying brother.
“As long as you want me.  I always have been; there’s no reason to stop anytime soon.”
“I have been thinking. The purpose of competing be to lure Cedric, and to do that tis not necessary I joust; I only need to arrive at the competition.  Of course, I do not have to do that either.  But, I worry John, that you will never be safe if he still be out there.”
“No, I didn’t come home because I couldn’t fly out. I came home because I realized the reason I was angry was that I didn’t want to be away from you. Not on Christmas, and not on any other day, either, Sherlock. As it turns out, I’m in love with you.”
I interrupt him.  “You are very handsome, John.  Any man would be lucky…”
Hugs and thanks to QueenLadyAnne and Thorntonsheart for your friendship and support.
I scoff.   Yes, his hair is now totally grey, the lines around his eyes are a little deeper, and he has developed a small paunch at his middle, but I cannot say he looks much older than the day we met.  He is every bit as handsome now as he was then.
John gathered his knees to him.  The position put pressure on his burgeoning erection, but twas no more uncomfortable than would be the embarrassment should someone see his growing bulge.
“Since you love me and you are mine, will you do me one small favour?”
“I do not disagree with you, Sherlock, but tis unwise to bring too much attention to ourselves.  And, in truth, he was right, we have five.  Paying extra pontage does no harm.”
As he moves toward the door he takes one last look at me, says a soft “I love you,” and walks out, closing the door behind him.
“Yes, I can see why you might.” Mycroft held Sherlock’s gaze for a moment before continuing. “But as to how it was introduced, from my understanding, in the early stages of the experiment, the chips were surgically implanted. Later, they developed the means to inject it, using some computer mumbo jumbo to direct it to where it needed to be. Amazing what they can do these days. Well, I’m off.”
John obliged.
Thinking Mycroft was done, Andi got up and hunted for a suitable receptacle to give Rose some water, her nose wrinkling at the thought of Rose drinking from the toilet bowl. But her phone pinged with the ringtone she’d set for Mycroft, the portentous sound of Big Ben’s chime.
.  Sherlock was one of the most self-contained people John had ever met, neither wanting nor needing anyone’s affection or approval.  Or companionship.
They had to find him
wanted me to do for him.
“John?  Why does thou no longer call me Ily?”  Sherlock guided John’s head to his shoulder and enfolded him in his arms, careful not to press at John’s wound.
He saw Sherlock jog to where John sat in a wheelchair, and John drag him down for a brief kiss. Feeling as if he might vomit, Simon turned away as they made for the building...
Can’t say I glimpse a bit of that happiness anywhere in the room right now.  Sherlock is still sat like a rock as he looks at me, his eyebrow now lifting as if saying, “Oh, really.”
“Mm? Yes.” Sherlock’s arms rock their little girl up and down as his head tilts to her for some small encouraging coos.
He lets it all take over. Not in autopilot, no. But something similar. With a different edge to it. He makes breakfast -pancakes, doctor’s recipe, allowed, Sherlock’s favourite- and doesn’t care about anything but to make his mate eat well. Or at least… well enough.
John stands on tiptoe, and passes the scarf gently around Sherlock’s neck, so that it forms a loop at the front. Both feet touching down, he passes the edge of the scarf through the loop and straightens the knot at the front, smoothing it out with both hands.
‘Kind of.’
“Do you want to talk?”
. House.”
He looks up, listening. She was saying something, wasn’t she?
have it now?
“I know”, she says, emotion colouring her voice a deep purple. “Can we please talk?”
There is a need growing in his lungs, forbidden in its urgency, in how it makes his heart kick. He wants to talk to someone.
. Ten days ago, Friday the 6
“Oh”, John’s shakes his head, but his left hand curls in a loosened fist.
think. He doesn’t need more messed up thoughts running rampant around his stupid brain. He’s unable to handle the patients coming and going. He needs the cold London air, the rush of blood to his temples as he runs behind a tall dark figure with a coat. The crack of a knee or jaw against his knuckles as he wrestles a body to the ground. The soft smirk. The clever praise of iridescent -crinkling at the corners- eyes. He needs...
She’s made him disappear. Made him crawl into a cocoon of failure, of guilt and self-blame. Why can’t she leave him alone already? She does not care. She does not care if he’s sober, if his daughter is better. She hasn’t even met Rosie, for fuck’s sake! How can she insinuate that she knows what’s best?
Sherlock finds more tension oozing out of him, leaving room for more of John’s to flow out of him in the constrained space.
“The least I could do.” In the deep baritone that John found that exact amount of comforting.
Understanding passes through Sherlock’s eyes as he shakes his head. It’s a no. John hums, ducking his head to check Rosie’s temperature again. Just woken up from a nightmare then. This couldn’t be more convenient. John almost rolls his eyes at the irony inside his head.
Sherlock knows he cannot do it. That he is not who he used to be. That the halls and walls and floors and staircases are only ruins, that the skill has evaporated, any brilliance crushed to ash. But it doesn’t matter. It doesn’t matter. His mind will do it, one last time. It will find a way, it will remember, find the old footholds amidst the darkness.
“I let you touch me because I want you to touch me”, Sherlock murmurs wetly. “I
It only takes John watching over Sherlock’s finally dreamless sleep, for him to close his eyes at the first light of dawn in bliss. And sleep.
“Mmm… thanks…”
But now, for the first time in a long while, his brain is well awake and restless, a little busy mouse on the field, little whiskers poised and trembling in the breeze, eyes and ears filled with stimuli and colour.
“It’s unbelievable”, Harry breathes. “Absolutely unbelievable”
Sherlock has already gathered the dishes and is about to get up and wash them too. John smiles. He knows how Sherlock values being left chores. It’s part of the ‘no pity’ rule.
“Oh god, thank you… Thank you…” John closes his eyes, and leans against the wall for support. Relief, pale green and blush, emanates from his body.
“I used to play with mine’s.” His gaze flickers up to John again, a shadow passing over his blue oceans. Even so, he smiles when he catches Rosie, looking at him in quiet expectation. He tilts his head, curls waving playfully at the motion. “Hers was real.”
“Oh, come on. ‘The poor junkie, needing to be nursed back to health. Must have been such a sad sight. Maybe I should do more’”, he scorns. “You are not responsible for me. I am not in need. I don’t want this, John”
Thank you for reading. Kudos and comments are much appreciated :3
His shoulders have started to hurt from Rosie’s weight. They should have gotten the stroller. But the tube would have been more of a nightmare if they had, wouldn’t it? Rosie starts to jostle around whatever constricted space she has available. She might be getting heavier but she’s still thin as a stick for a baby of that age, which results in her ability to wiggle around in almost everything. Baby car-seats, strollers, high-chairs and of course, John’s strapped on carrier. Not helpful at all.
The feeling is not new; John has done this before. To ground him. To reassure him. But this… This seems like something else entirely.
Every ‘good morning’ message on his phone, every breakfast they shared, every evening spent idly with dinner and sometimes crappy telly, every time John let him hold and take care of Honeybee. Guilt. John Watson’s guilt.
“Great, I- Fajitas?” He interrupts himself. Sherlock’s secretly favourite take-aways, back in the day.
His stomach has finally decided to stop tumbling over every time he takes a step. It’s late into the day and he feels the guilt of not being a proper father for more than 24 hours setting in, eating him up. Sherlock, however, nods with eyes that are steadily encouraging him to go.
Benthos: the fauna and flora of the sea floor
“Yup”
He sighed, and gently booped her back with his lips.
Again, nothing to it. With a deep breath, Sherlock begins to brave his way through the crowd of people streaming in and out of the station to reach the machine, wallet clutched to asphyxiation in the pocket of his coat.
“Want to choose?”
Distantly, he can tell John is speaking to him, the tender, precise syllables of his name, like the not-real John pronounces them. There is a pressure over what is now the amorphous expanse of his arms.
Work takes his mind off the haunted looks in their faces. The two people he loves most in this world, looking at him with wide, terrified diamonds. Trained on him. On his every move. Wary. As if living a nightmare. Waiting for him to burst. Shout. Strike. A jury. To judge his flinching face muscles, predict his every move, deduce his every thought.
“Living with
“It’s just one street further.”
Red, red, red. Salt, salt, salt. Tears. Screams. Stubbornness.
“What isn’t?”
“Um, she… She’s not… Mine-“, he stammers, unsure of whether his voice is louder than a moth’s beating wings.
It turns out it was only a new email, about a new feature in his email app.
He waits until John’s steps have reached the landing before he washes the spoon with swift movements.
him close and judging by the time, his love has also slept late. Great sign, good sleep. John strolls over to the kitchen, places Rosie on her chair, washes the dishes, gathers old trays, straightens blankets, fluffs up the pillows, tidies away toys, lights the fireplace, moves their armchairs closer, fussing, fussing. He starts making their tea. Fussing.
“It’s alright. You don’t have to. But if it would help… I’m here.
Didn’t help much, it seems. Of course, it didn’t. Reliving the worse moments of his life,
John’s eyelids are heavy when he stirs. Stuck together as if with glue, like every time the young hours of a new day seduce him to sleep. The last chance of the night’s tricks to claim him. John is pulled to the surface with a sour taste in his mouth. A soft groan escapes him. His body is not used to sleep exposed to the humid atmosphere of rainy London and it shows; a couple of joints protesting when he stretches them out, his feet freezing cold. He lies on his back, wetting his dry lips with his tongue, wondering why the hell he didn’t bring a blanket with him when he decided to just lie there yesterday night.
“Rosie.”
Sherlock shivers. It starts from the base of his neck, spreads to his spine, his arms, his belly, like a flock of birds ruffling their feathers. This is familiar, too. It almost hurts, like he is a live wire forced to stay very, quietly, painfully still, but if he waits a little more, if he lets it… Then just like that, he isn’t. He is nothing but the image his eyes are locked upon. They too, lose focus. He is a blur. A blur of ceiling and beige curtains, ashen winter light.
Sherlock looks at him. Lost. John smiles, effective hands working on preparing a proper dressing.
“No. Sherlock. It was my fault. Okay? You were right. You don’t deserve pity. And that is exactly how I made you feel. I fucked up, okay? There’s no excuse for that”
Heat.
He nods. Expressionless.
“That’s wonderful. When did she start getting better?”
“I am sorry. For behaving like I did. Twice.” John looks at the mug in his palm. The result of yesterday’s first destruction as the china set is in pieces for the trash. “I know, this is bad. For Rosie and you. I don’t- haven’t figured out everything yet, but I know... I’ve got to... I’ve got to go. For everyone’s sake. I’ll-I’ll see Ella and maybe try rehab-”
. I know that much.’ He thinks with a secretive smile.
At first, he had doubted John moving back signified anything much at all – at least not with regards to himself. John had given him no indication he wished their relationship to mend, at least a little, towards what it had been five and more years ago. And as much as he was willing to take John’s presence over his absence, even on these terms, it turned out to be impossible to bear. Sherlock could not keep his strength from ebbing from him, bit by bit, from finding it weakened every morning. The drawn-out silences, the bitten off greetings, the punctual avoidance the deep-sea eyes subjected him to. It hollowed him out like an old, gnarled tree-trunk.
“And just how much does that matter?”, he says, his voice wavering.
“Do you?”, Sherlock murmurs.
His breaths are quieter now. His chest raising and falling. Steady as he remembers. As he wonders. As he longs... Oh, that sweet Tchaikovsky he used to play more and more over Rosie’s crib those first months and the ones following. When John didn’t appreciate it. When M- “Mary” had left him with a baby alone. When John was angry...
Rosie’s rolling giggles make their appearance every time, of course. It’s her new small game, seeing Sherlock huff and puff and bend to pick the little penguin up again. She will probably have the little plushie plastered to her side by bedtime, but John deems it wise not to point out to Mr Stubborn Genius that he’s being played at.
The train comes in, screeching, breaking his line of thought to pieces. Sherlock gulps for air. How long has his head been under anyway? There is a tug on his sleeve and John mouths at him to hurry, and then he's gone, pushing through the people ahead of them. Sherlock beelines after him, feeling more and more hollow. Every elbow and arm and flank that touches him makes him want to shrivel into a raisin, but he keeps his eyes on John, John, John-
‘For how much more?’ He teases himself. He’s forty-one years old…
“That’s good, John.” Her tone was clever, encouraging.
“I know all that. I am angry because he stayed away for the sake of a woman that was hardly worth the trouble”
Hello hello!
“Hey, little love…” John half-whispers, half sing-songs to her. “Hey there… Honey… Sweetheart girl… Come on, just once more, have to check you up.” He encourages. “Beep, beep.” He boops her nose with a finger, imitating the thermometer’s noise.
Their cohabitation had turned more conscious. They sat together, one night, to draft a shopping list. They talked about perhaps changing some old furniture. John talked about his economic difficulties, let Sherlock give an opinion on what they could prioritize. Asked him which baby food brand Honeybee had been preferring that week, and whether it would be better to switch things up or keep her on the same brand, what flavour would be better in either case. It was casual, and though tentative, at first, conversation had begun to pulse between them almost in the way it once did. John was the one who initiated it the most, by far, but Sherlock participated. He tried.
John works his jaw, eyes slowly opening. Harry is shaking, so pale that her make-up shows now, even more ridiculous than before. She’s a leaf on a tree in autumn and the first wind has just blown. John is sure he is mouthing Sherlock’s name, his lips barely moving. He can’t move. That was it. The ace up Sherlock’s sleeve. Yet, it sits wrong, and it’s not because John didn’t want him to push to the offensive with that furious energy that made Sherlock who he is but because he hasn’t seen him do it for months and now he’s scared. Scared of the consequences. Of Sherlock’s wellbeing. Because there must be a reason he hadn’t. There
“I have told you what I think”, Sherlock adds.
young. He hesitates mid-smile to remind her of the pink elephant they left behind as they have already reached the lowest step. Rosie will for sure seek for it later, but he can bring it down himself after breakfast.
No fucking right.
“On the last day of September!” A pause accompanied by giggles from both, has John’s eyes searching for his friend’s across the room.
Sherlock can feel his heart struggle to beat its way out of his chest.
He dashed back into the flat.
“Hmmm?” Sherlock hummed.  He could stay like this forever.
When Sherlock slipped through the front door, the house was still, its lights dimmed, the rising sun setting the windows aglow. Seeing Myrtle asleep in the same position as when he’d left, Sherlock had the impulse to slam the door behind him, but to do so would have awoken John, too. He quietly seated the door’s latch into its plate and turned the upper bolt.
Panicking in my alcoholic haze, I find it hard to breathe.
“Mmm hmm.” Sherlock tucked the journal back into his pocket, the strength it took to hold it up taxing.
There had been a vault after all.  Open and ready for when Sherlock and John had come to meet with Magnussen.
“That was…” I search for some way to tell him how touched I am, knowing I fall pitifully short.  “…beautiful, sweetheart.  What in the world did I ever do to deserve you?”  I kiss him again, ignoring the fact he will not be able to answer with his lips otherwise occupied.  Besides, I know the answer, he doesn’t have to tell me; it is ‘nothing’.
“When I realized that you weren’t coming back, that it wasn’t some, not trick, but plan, to get me to come to my senses, and that you were serious in what you told me about making a decision on how to proceed, I left the hotel.”
I slide down the bench, my back to the window, and pat the space beside me, “Love?”
“I will need measurements, and to see the suit, but I believe I can.” Colin eyed Sherlock’s frame.  “It will take time.  Not as much time as if making one from the beginning, but nearly every piece will need to be lengthened or enlarged.  Your shoulders be broader, your hands larger, and, of course, your limbs and trunk be longer than Sir John’s, but I believe with added pieces of iron and pounding existing ones out to thin and stretch them, twould be easy enough to do.  To find the iron may be harder than the work itself.  And I will need tools and a forge.”
“You don’t like my cologne.” It was a declaration, not a question.
“Good.”  Sherlock stood up.  “We have work to do.  The joust be in two days and-”
My eyes glued to the set, I lay the remote in my lap and reach for Sherlock’s hand, clasping it between mine.
“You aren’t wearing that outside, are you?” Johns asks.
“Because, you big sod, if you don’t go to sleep I won’t feel right about leaving.  And if I don’t leave I won’t make curfew and they’ll kick me out.”  Soberly adding, “I can’t afford to lose a place to live right now.”
“I’ll call our driver.”  Mycroft takes his mobile from the table and tapping it a few times, gives instructions to the man on the other end.  I nod my head in thanks.
“No, tis not that about which I worry, though that still is not right.”  John turned away from Sherlock, withdrawing his hand from the one that still held it.  “This.  Us.  Tis not right.  We must stop this.”
He chuckles again.  What is so funny, John?!
John’s eyes drifted closed, and not wanting to overstay this new welcome, Sherlock gently placed John’s hand on his bed. About to bid John a good rest, before he could, the doorbell rang.
I am puzzled.  Never in my adult life have I slept with another person in bed with me and yet after only one (half) night I know I do not ever want to sleep without someone again.  ‘Someone’ is John.
John glowered at Sherlock.
Thou will go to tournament and crush thy challengers, and when thou does, thou will turn to smile at me whilst I try, unsuccessfully, I be certain, to hide how proud I am of thee.  Thou
So lost in thought was he, he didn’t hear John yawn and stretch, now awake.
“Aromatherapy was ‘quite the rage’
“I think thou be the one who wants to dance; look at thee, about to fall off thy chair.  I will wait here.  Go.”
Hearing all he needed to at the moment, Sherlock hurried toward the door and threw back over his shoulder, “John, come.”
I tear myself away from John and go to my old haunt, the chair at the end of the bed. Though asleep, he seems to know I have gone. He rolls toward the now empty space beside him and reaches out to hug my pillow, giving it a little squeeze. Is it because he needs more space, or could it be, dare I hope...he misses me?
Have fun; dance with Laila.”
Holding his gaze, Sherlock saw the truth in what he heard; not even Mycroft could feign such regret in so important a matter.
Thank you to the luminous Burning_Up_A_Sun for your time and insights!  (See what I did there?  Huh?  Huh?  lol).  And a bit of hand holding on this one.  <3
“Yes, that’s right.”
As if he hadn’t heard John, or, if he had, didn’t understand the portent of what John had said, Sherlock asked, “John, do you remember when I returned from being gone those two years?”
I question my own supposition that our intruder intended to steal from us.  My doubt at my initial conclusion grows as I wonder why the laptop lies on the dining table.  Why John’s wedding ring is still at the kitchen sink; he forgot to put it back on after cleaning tree sap off his hands.  Why the hundred pounds I withdrew from the bank sits on the counter.  All items with which to easily abscond, and yet they lay untouched.
“Hey! You all right there, mate? You want me to call someone for you?” A man about Sherlock’s age left his Mini and slowly walked towards Spencer, arm raised in a gesture that said he meant no harm.
“Wait. Why don’t you go with me?”
, I heard that part; I get that his name is
Sherlock settled back down beside him, letting the candle burn just a little longer so he could see John’s face.  Vowing that whatever their future held, whether they be together or separate, he would find Eduard’s killer and make sure they could never again cause John harm.
“I have no need for anything but a small ceremony, if anyone comes at all,” I breathe out in one fluid rush of air before I forget what I want to say.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John, and laid his head on his chest.  Listening to the reassuring cadence of John's heart as it lulled him back to sleep, he murmured, “Only when thou be with me. Only then.”
Sherlock breathed in deeply.  Within moments he would know that John still loved him; he refused to believe he might be wrong.  He called to mind the list of visible signs of love:  pulse (quickened), eyes (darkened), skin (flushed), and tongue.  The first three he remembered from the chatter in the servants’ quarters.  At the time, he had found their conversations insipid and had tried to block them out, but now he be grateful, for what he had learned would be quite useful.  The last sign, lips, Sherlock added specifically because of John.  He had noticed that John quite often licked his lips when he looked at him, but did not do so with anyone else.  Surely, that difference had meaning, did it not?
They’d both turned off their mobiles, and by the time she’d stopped by Baker St, they had already left. They had been there; she knew that for certain. She’d seen them from the flat’s closed‑circuit camera that even Sherlock didn’t know about. The stream of 221b that she’d shown Mycroft had been a stale clip from when they were still in Belgravia.
He didn’t start with a greeting or a preamble, instead getting directly to the point. “Surely, Nika, there is a method to reverse the damage Simon has done. You, as the original researcher, must have a means. If it’s a matter of money, I can assure you that you will be handsomely compensated. Very handsomely.”
As if choosing his words carefully, Mycroft spoke slowly. “Have you considered separate locations?”
I shrug.  “I just told him you are an extraordinary lover and that he wouldn’t be disappointed.  That I have known no better.”  There was more to the conversation, but with John’s reception thus far to my gift for him, I do not want to tempt fate, or his blood pressure, by telling him; I will keep what I said between Mark and me.
“Stubborn old man!”  Why is he being so ridiculous?
John moved to the side of the room and keyed in Mary’s number; he had never figured out how to work the ‘favorites’ feature.  Touching the last number and waiting for the other end to ring, his eyes followed as an attendant wheeled a sheet-covered corpse into the morgue.
“Yes, we do, which is why I-”
With a hand on my arm, John turns me to face him.  “Look at me.”
From here on out he would observe.
ignoring me.  It suddenly dawns on me that he is here of his own volition.  Maybe he wasn’t running away from the wedding after all.
“Oh, I’d say about forty-five seconds,” Sherlock said, startlingly imprecise.
There was nothing more Sherlock wished than that would not to be so; the less John was around Mary the safer he would be.  But there was no way around it.  As much as Sherlock hated to admit it, she was needed right now.
John shuddered.
shoot someone several years back.  Someone who was of absolutely no threat to him personally.  I wouldn’t call him a cold-blooded murderer, per se, but he
I am puzzled.  When did he have the opportunity? I do not recall him dangling a shiny object in front of me telling me I am very sleepy.  Ah!  I know!  Maybe he hypnotised me to forget I was hypnotised.  No.  That is not right.  As clever as John is, I do not believe he could think that far ahead.
Making him forget he was saying anything at all.
His mobile’s battery dead, he had to rely on his last intel that indicated Rose was in MOD’s headquarters. That didn’t make sense—it wasn’t where research was done. Had Sherlock taken her there?
The purse be stout in Sherlock’s palm.  His relief at the tentative connection to John be replaced by a discontentment greater than he had had before the girl came.
Lestrade started at the sound of John’s voice, so occupied was he at the sight of Sherlock’s stillness.  His lifelessness.
“I think that is a fine idea.  I would like that,” he says, still smiling.
be thee doing?”
“But you
Images pulsed in Sherlocks’ brain, dreamlike snippets that he realized were all too genuine:
John picked his gun up off the patio from where Sherlock had dropped it, said a soft ‘I’m sorry’ under his breath, and with the butt of the gun connected it in a solid blow to the back of Sherlock’s head.  Sherlock’s head jerked, a low grunt the only sound he made before he swiftly dropped to the ground.   John caught the tall man as he fell and, with some difficulty given Sherlock’s dead weight, eased him the rest of the way to the pavement.
Where had that come from?
“I can’t see.  Let’s go to the window.”
The hand Sherlock raised to light his second cigarette fell to his side. “Then how did it get implanted into John?”
Andi typed furiously, and another text came through.
The memory was of the first night, at Angelo’s. They sat at the window table, John’s back to the window and Sherlock facing it … and John. John’s attention focused on Sherlock. His eyes. His hair. His cheekbones.
~~**~~
But he pulls away from me.  My heart weeps.
Jumping to his feet, Colin positioned his body into his most manly stance; twould do no good for his brother to think him soft.  His hands braced on his hips, and his feet spread apart, he scowled.
Point Blank.
I must sate my curiosity.
” John said, his breath coming in waves from his anger.  And his fear; it scared him when Sherlock did such reckless things.
For the moment at least, I succeeded in distracting her, asking after her day with Mrs. Hudson, getting an excited account of their afternoon at the zoo.  But she didn’t forget what she saw, for days calling Sherlock ‘papa’; one time to his face. I had wanted to crawl under the table, wondering how I would explain
I continue to be mesmerized by the body touching mine.  Truly, I wish John had introduced me to this novel approach to cuddling weeks ago!  I heave a sigh, relishing the feel of him.  As I look at the flesh in front of me I cannot help but touch a finger to one of his nipples; it hardens at the merest contact.  Fascinating.
“It’s not about
The mere word made him shudder.
Perfume (cologne?).  A smile.  An old lover, perhaps?  A
In an instant the ‘What the
But for John and Sherlock can there ever really be an end?  Most will answer no, their love will last forever.  And they will be right.
Laila turned her head toward him, wishing for the thousandth time she could see his sweet face, but twas for naught.  All she saw was the same wall of darkness that had been her curse for far too long.
“For how long has Cedric been in love with thee, John?”
Dear Christ, how he missed Sherlock.
I am briefly disappointed, but I console myself with the thought that were it too easy to achieve my end, the prize would be less sweet.  My initial failure only serves to strengthen my resolve.
stop doubting you…us.  I do not want you to worry that I will fail you.”
Lifting my buttocks from the bed, I remove the rest of my clothes and toss them off the side of the bed; I might as well make the trousers and jacket a wrinkled set.
For several moments, all Andi could hear on the other end was muffled traffic. And then Mycroft spoke.
But I fear I be taking advantage of thee.  Has thou--has thou done this before?”
I cannot help myself; such a rush of happiness hits me I cannot remain serious.
“Help yourself.”  Aldus waved a vague hand toward the fire.  “I would portion some for you, but--” His hand flew to his mouth, and he stumbled back toward the bushes, not quite making it before he retched.  An effort for naught.  Despite his gagging, he be unable to expel that which brought him so much discomfort.
“I’ll tell Sherlock you dropped by,” John said, dismissing Mycroft.
Sherlock fled toward the stairs—the lift would take too long—taking them three at a time. He heard Andi run after him, her shorter legs causing her to lag behind.
“I did not
I think about what he said about having had a choice to be with him.
“Look to see what it is, honey.”  John nods at the box, urging me to open it.
“You know, Sherlock,” John said, as if he hadn’t heard. Pacing on the other side of the chair. Focusing on the floor. “I couldn’t understand why I was so upset with you before I left. You hadn’t done anything. Well, nothing unusual for you.” John looked up briefly at Sherlock, a knowing twinkle in his eye.
“Again,
years.”
“Idiot.”
“Tell me what you know.  Why is it you think John killed Magnussen?”  Sherlock was impatient to get to the root of the gross error of John’s arrest.
“I did not have a choice, you know.  It could not have been any other way.”
“John, I-”
Soon Sherlock would arrive, taking his position on the nearby roof.  The final character in the play Mary scripted and Janine would execute.  Execute.  How fitting a description.
Sherlock nodded in approval of John’s answer. “And why did you not run the other way when I returned? I hurt you, John. I betrayed you. I belittled the faith you had in me. How could you have ever forgiven me?”
Thank you, Burning_Up_A_Sun for betaing my chapter despite such a busy day!
But Sherlock’s pulled back so he has room to unbutton my shirt, unzip my jeans…  ahhh.  Lovely idea.  But when we are both naked and under the covers, instead of making love, we just lie here.  I say “just”, but feeling his body pressed against mine is enough for the moment, and, saying this with all the authority of someone who holds a doctorate in medicine- lying flesh to flesh with my husband is quite…healing.
As John turned to leave, thinking everyone had left, he saw Sherlock still sitting there, watching him.  It didn’t occur to him to be afraid; he instinctively knew he was meant no harm.
The only response John saw was Sherlock’s eyelids as they fluttered twice in rapid succession, telling John everything he needed to know.  He had given the right answer; the detective was relieved not be left to fight the battle alone, friendless.
“There thou goes, romanticising again.  People do not work that way, John.”
A smile lifts the ends of Mycroft’s mouth as he turns off the monitor, murmuring to his empty study, “Happy Christmas, dear brother,” and replaces the CCTV remote control he holds in his hand with his mobile.
A once-bucolic cottage, the old home stood in shambles. Cracks in the stonework bulging with moist, green moss. Its yard and gardens a tangled jungle. Swatches of missing thatching exposing timber to the elements.
The girl stared at the wall in front of her, giving no indication she heard the question asked of her.  Her prison clothes drab but clean, her hair free of grease and blood, she was still easily identifiable as the semi-wild animal arrested three days earlier.
’ face.  I really must applaud his dedication to his craft.
A skeptical chuckle escaped John. “What, you going to carry me?”
John snorted. “You should enjoy it, then. All the mayhem’ll give you something useful to do. But if you’re too stubborn to go to your parents’ for the day, might at least have a bit of cheer around here.”
Throwing his head back, Cedric sucked in his cheeks and, snapping his head forward, propelled a shower of spittle at Aldus.  His attention elsewhere, Cedric did not see John’s approach.  Did not see John draw his arm back, hand clutched into a fist as it sped toward Cedric.  Did not have time to register surprise as the blow cut under his chin, throwing his head back as if he be a rag doll.  The pounding blow to his temple that followed was too much for him and Cedric crumpled, his fall slowed only by the hold Aldus and Colin still had on him.  Colin pushed Cedric flat on the ground, kneeing him in his back whilst Aldus tied his hands together.
“Sir John.”
“Nothing.” Sherlock shook his head, shaking off the disturbing question of how many of John’s actions may have been manipulated by Simon. “The question is, does this dog have a chip in it? Is it being manipulated?” Crouching beside it, he noticed something he hadn’t seen earlier. And reaching under the dog’s muzzle, he felt the paper wrapped around its collar—an envelope.
After a swift chase, John had the killer pressed up against the brick wall of the alley, the man's arm twisted up painfully behind his back. “Hurry up with the cuffs, will you,” he directed at Sherlock. The killer still had some fight in him, so John gave him another slam into the wall to subdue him.
“Okay,” Lestrade said. “Walk me through it.”
Every toy the detective had given Rosie fell into that category. He had given her everything from a press and talk mobile phone to a musical entertainment table that had eight different noise makers built into it.
“Yes, sir. Please.” Sherlock allowed himself to be led to their bedroom and pushed gently onto their bed. By the look in John's eyes, that was the last bit of gentleness he could expect and god was he aroused.
John swore as he picked up the box. He should have left it with Greg. Now he was stuck carrying the sensitive information around when he knew Sherlock had to be down that alley. Rushing along, John apologised as he bumped into a young woman, juggled his box, then turned down the alley.
“Stop. Just stop.” Without thinking, John grasped him by the upper arms. “This isn’t accomplishing anything.”
Mrs. Hudson makes sure I eat. You know I don’t require much sleep. As for my black moods, I survived them before we met. I can survive it now.
I never doubt it, not even on the darkest of nights.
From his position on the sofa, he could see the box of cold case files. Even they didn't appeal. What was the point? The cold cases had gone unsolved until now. A bit longer wouldn't matter.
John was busy making dinner for them. The smell of the stir fry was what had woke Sherlock. The memory of what had happened in his Mind Palace came back to him immediately. His first instinct was to share it with John, then he remembered his promise to keep things normal and less off kilter. He couldn’t tell him. It would only make John worry. There had been enough of that.
Sherlock smiled back. He could only agree.
, if that's still alright with you. I can't imagine anything better than being with the two people I love for this purpose." He rested his head against Sherlock's chest.
The sub blinked up at John. “It’s your birthday, sir. You can have anything you want.”
The detective licked a stripe along the underside of John's cock, then he closed his mouth over just the head. John groaned, wanting to fuck up into Sherlock's mouth, but their relative positions prevented him.
The sub felt a bit more in control of himself. “I didn’t know, I saw. Your haircut, the way you hold yourself, says military. But I was told you were a medical doctor, that's not cheating, that's using all available resources, so Army doctor, obvious. Your face is tanned but no tan above the wrists. You’ve been abroad, but not sunbathing. You were wounded in action. Wounded in action, suntan – Afghanistan or Iraq.”
The detective went completely off line and stayed that way. Mary took over bathing Rosie and John guided Sherlock to a chair, pressing him down into it.
Ella made a note in her notebook. “You see yourself as his protector.”
"You were gone too long," the detective complained as he settled on the sofa. "Hudders has checked on me five times since you left. I was thinking of going out the fire escape."
The moment Greg got home, he was slammed up against the wall by Mycroft and pinned there with his hands above his head, he hadn't been expecting it, but it was more than welcome. “Mycroft? Sir? What's brought this on?”
Rosie was in Mrs. Hudson's flat happily playing and entertaining the old woman, John had gone in to the clinic, and Sherlock hadn’t so much as stuck his nose into the basement flat all morning. Mary was incredibly bored. She decided to go upstairs and see what the detective was doing.
Mary stopped what she was doing, her heart suddenly in her throat, and faced John. “Oh. John, I am. I’ve got you, Rosie, Sherlock,” she placed her hand on her stomach, “and the tiny one. I couldn’t be happier.”
For how could I have dreamt of you in my loneliness?
The next morning found Sherlock glaring down at his caged cock. He was sat on his hands to ensure he didn’t touch the loathsome thing. He knew if he did, there would only be more trouble to be had. As tempting as it was to try to remove the thing, he didn’t want to risk John's ire.
John Watson to Sherlock Holmes – Return to sender
“You think so?” Sherlock asked, taken off guard. He'd never had anyone react that way to his deductions, especially not a Dom. Despite himself, he found he was curious about the Army doctor, but no, he needed his independence, not to be collared by some Dom. He prepared to lash out verbally when his mobile rang.
“What?” John asked, turning to face Sherlock in surprise.
“How many strikes do you think you deserve?” John asked in a calm tone.
trust.”
John nodded, impressed once again. “You said I had a therapist.”
The detective's thoughts were clear on his face. His brow was wrinkled in thought and his eyes had taken on a troubled look. It was clear he knew Lestrade would be more than happy to bring the files to the Baker Street flat, but it was also clear that the thought was unacceptable. Sherlock sat up, facing the doctor. "We could go to the Yard," he said quietly, "to pick them up."
I could fall into the silver-blue of your eyes.
Greg slapped his friend again. “Open your eyes. That’s an order.” He breathed a small sigh of relief when the lids on Sherlock's eyes parted. That small response gave him hope that they weren’t too late. “Boy, what's my name?”
You are so naughty.
Every moment spent in your orbit. Watching. Waiting. Wanting… Willing to love and be loved.
Sherlock’s eyes glistened. “Even when I’ve been an idiot?”
I do know that you love me in your especially unique way.
The doctor scoffed. “Some protector I turned out to be. I wasn’t there when he needed me.” He glanced at the clock on the wall, willing it to move faster.
It doesn't matter. I can never say it enough.
Your legs are kissable as are your ankles, your heels, your toes, your arch.
“Shall I put my men on the doors?” Mycroft asked. He would defer to John's judgement... for now.
“Oi! Remember what I said. If you come, I’ll cane you,” John warned.
Upon John's declaration, Sherlock rolled out of bed and stood facing away. “Why do you say that? What evidence do you have?”
John fought back a sigh. "I've told you before, that doesn't..."
The detective used the short time that it took John to make tea to truly compose himself. He'd said he would see a psychiatrist and he wasn't going to go back on his promise to John. He'd just have to hide his anxiety from his friend, no matter how difficult that proved to be.
“How the fuck should I know!” John snapped. Why was it up to him? It wasn’t fair. No, what wasn’t fair was Sherlock getting raped, he told himself guiltily. God, he hated this. “Sorry. Sorry. It’s just hard.” He pinched the bridge of his nose. “I'll stay here and try to keep him from leaving the flat. But if he’s determined...”
The way your mind races ahead of the rest of us. It is makes me catch my breath.
The government official made a face and poured his tea down the drain. "Don't be childish, Sherlock." He headed towards the door, grabbing his umbrella. "Meet this Dom, Sherlock. It may be your last chance to choose for yourself."
You use your words to tell me you love me.
“Oh, fuck,” Sherlock breathed out, the idea making his words unsteady.
Sherlock was thrumming with anxiety about the upcoming appointment, shifting and fidgeting in the chair.
Donovan froze in her tracks, a look of horrified disgust on her face. “Sir,” she directed to Lestrade, “I thought better of Doctor Watson.”
John dry washed his face. “Can we take this from the top? I’m sure Sherlock has deduced everything, but I need details.”
I find you captivating.
“Yes,” Mary and Sherlock answered in unison.
“That was brilliant,” John told him and he meant it. “But your delivery leaves something to be desired.”
“It means when the police are out of their depth, which is always, they consult me.”
Letting out a low moan, Sherlock shifted on the bed. His couldn’t move if he wanted to, even though he wasn’t restrained yet. He had given himself over to his Dom, and moving was unthinkable.
When John burst into the flat, it was to find Sherlock playing his violin. Unfortunately, his abrupt entrance startled the detective and he almost dropped the instrument. Hands shaking, Sherlock managed to set the violin and bow aside safely before slipping to the floor.
The government official could practically hear his brother’s eyes rolling. “Fine. I’ll consider it.” He rang off, knowing full well that he would be contacting Mary before the day was out.
Futilely trying to relax, Mary told the cabbie their destination. She leant back in her seat and closed her eyes, only opening them when the cab came to a stop.
“No. Go ahead.”
Sherlock
“I’ll always worry about the two of you.” The former assassin rubbed her belly. "Love you both.”
The doctor didn't see the exchanged glances the matchmakers shared. If he had he would have wondered just what he had got himself into.
“Understood, sir.” He shifted slightly on his knees. It was going to be difficult. He was already impossibly aroused.
“Yes.”
“He was no trouble at all,” she said sadly as she gathered up her things. “What I wouldn’t give for a nice chemical explosion or a nice fire.”
“You know better than that.” Sherlock’s expression had softened. There were few people whose intelligence he respected, but Mary was one of them.
Sherlock was enthralled with Mary’s progress. He took measurements of all sorts. Her waist size, ankle size, blood pressure, glucose levels, anything he could think of.
I shall call you my treasure, my love, my heart until the surprise is gone. Until only profound trust and belief remain.
It was late in the evening when John approached his still nude boy. He wove his fingers into Sherlock’s curls and tugged on them. “It's time, pet. Crawl into the bedroom and wait for me.”
The detective surrendered, pouting.
By the smile on her face, Mary agreed.
The government official sighed, then continued over to John's chair and sat. “You don’t need to do this,” he told his little brother.
The former assassin dialled Mycroft, ready to berate him for not informing him he needed to talk to the men. She would have a talk with them about it later.
Mindful that Sherlock wasn't completely himself nor was he in complete control of his faculties, John decided to keep things simple. He would do just enough to fulfil the sub’s very clear need. To that end, he sat on the bed, back against the headboard. “Sit here between my legs,” he ordered, helping Sherlock settle against him.
“Does that mean you'll marry me?” John asked.
The Dom appreciated the view when he turned around to place coffee on the table alongside the toast. “Lovely.” He sat down at the table and handed Sherlock his coffee. In between sips if his own steamy beverage, he hand-fed his boy bits of toast. The detective accepted each bite with delicate nips. Soon, both the coffee and toast were gone.
You are unique.
"Greg!"
John smiled, “The simple truth.” He put his arms around their shoulders, absolutely content.
Trigger warning: drug use.
Sherlock juddered at each stroke of John's fingers over his prostate. He was so close to coming. Resisting it brought tears to his eyes. When his Dom added a third finger, he cried out, “Please, sir!”
Ella didn't take offense, just nodded. "Of course. You know what's said here is safe. I won't repeat it elsewhere."
Sherlock’s entire body jolted at the sound of the door slamming. He stood there in the living room for several long minute, completely stunned. When he did finally move, it was to fall into a ball of misery on the floor.
When John returned, he had a bottle of lotion he’d found in the bathroom. He sat down next to Sherlock and unlocked the cuffs setting them aside. As he began to rub the lotion into his sub's bright red, aching arse, he spoke. “Of course, your punishment isn’t over. You still have to return the handcuffs and apologise to Lestrade.”
Sherlock resets the lid on the box, and I take it from him.
‘My’ bed?  When did it become ‘my’ bed?  I thought it was ‘our’ bed now.  Has he so quickly tired of me and kicked me out, sending me back to the hinterlands of my old room?
“I mished thee, Sherlock.  I love-”
“Thou be completely mad; thou knows that, right?”
“I’ve always thought I had everything under control.  All these years I’ve known you, even though I always loved you, it’s been from a distance.  I’ve had to keep it to myself because it was the wrong time of life or I thought you weren’t interested.  Then, when we became intimate, though I knew you were in love with me, I somehow thought my heart was still protected.  I knew, or I thought I did, that you couldn’t love the same way I do; that you didn’t feel things that way.  But when I read your list, it hit me how
If Sherlock hadn’t known any better, he might have thought Mycroft’s voice held a trace of concern.
mattered more than having him beside him.
“By the time I finished reading your list, I realised you knocked down a wall and it scares the shit…sorry, out of me.  I didn’t even know I
Scooting close to Sherlock and reaching for his hand, I remove his glove; our interview indicated that lack of familiarity and ease with touch brings any thought of courtship to a grinding halt.  His hand is warm and smooth, the immensity of it dwarfing my own. I twine our fingers together. His, long and elegant, send a shiver through me. And for the hundredth time tonight, I wish I were his date, not a pretender. But I will make the sacrifice, standing in for his heart’s desire (now firmly established as
Nika took another swig of wine, the bite at her throat a welcome, albeit brief, distraction.
“Thou could have saved thy own life had thou given my name, yet thou did not.  Why not?”
Sherlock sank back into the chair. It would take more than he had in him to argue against doing anything else.
Following Sherlock into the kitchen, I sit down at the table, sipping at my cooling mug of tea. Resting my chin on my propped up hand, I listen to him chatter on as he almost dances around the room, pulling out cookware and food to fix breakfast for me.  For him, too, if I can persuade him to eat.  What he says, I have no idea; I am so filled with the sound of that obscenely rich voice and the sight of graceful movements I will never tire of, there is little room inside me for anything more.
With an edge of impatience, he says, “Yes. Yes, I know.” But the pen moves no closer to the paper.
My toes start to tingle and I am finding it a little hard to breathe, but I still have enough air to say it.
“I don’t know.  A week?  Maybe two?  I just don’t know.”
Flick.
(See the end of the chapter for
John’s disbelief of what he had just seen transformed into horror. Into ice in his veins.
Simon ran the length of Rose’s ear between his fingers, the softness and pliability of the golden lab’s ear soothing.
“But you two seem to get along well.”
so much; he said he did not feel worthy of Greg’s love.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“There is nothing I would like more,” he repeated softly for good measure, certain the look in his own eyes matched the pleasure of the deep blue eyes looking back at him.
“Pride will not keep you safe.  These do not guarantee you will be, but they will be more helpful than an empty hand and starving belly.  Take them.”  Watching deliberation play across Sherlock’s face, he wondered what could possess a man to be so obstinate when his very life might be in danger.
“That is what I said.”  Really, John, perhaps we should enroll you in a vocabulary class if you have such difficulty with the English language.  How you graduated medical school and lived all these years without being aware masturbation is sex, I have no idea.
He tried again.
“No, I’m not.”  He lifts up the covers, nodding at the opening.  “Come on, lie back down.”
I squeeze his hand; something bothers him.  I have learned to know when he has something on his mind he has trouble sharing.  Learned that through silence, and a simple touch, he knows he can trust me to listen.
John, disgruntled and obedient as ever, followed Sherlock's bellow into the sitting room. "What now? I've come in here the three times you've called in the last hour and all you do is pace and wave your hands about. This is the last time Sherlock. Last.  Time.  Either you tell me what you want or the next time you shout I'm going to ignore you.”
To make the best use of his interminable wait, Sherlock mentally mapped the entirety of London, adding virtual stick pins to places John might have gone, color-coding them to reflect degrees of likelihood.  The most horrific possibility, yet the least likely knowing his character, was that John went to Royal London Hospital.  No matter his frame of mind, nothing would cause the doctor to act against his code of decency.  Whatever Mary’s wrongs, he would never harm her. Of that, Sherlock felt certain.
“Whilst thou be…wherever thou has been.  The innkeeper brought it, and buckets of warm water, so thou can bathe.”
“Sherlock, you bugger!”
When will I ever learn to think before I talk?
“But I’m not tired.” Sherlock practically pouted.
Something
Sherlock slipped free of John’s hands and crouched by the body whose face be frozen in death.  “Proud of leading a man to his death?  Proud of failing to secure the information I needed before he be killed?  Tis not my definition of ‘proud,’ John.  Just a few moments more be all I needed.  He-”
Instead of anger, this time my name sounds to be a call of distress.  My pruners drop with a thud onto the soil beneath and I rush inside.  Maybe the Russian mob I so deftly eluded many years ago has finally caught up with me and they have taken John hostage, using him as a bargaining chip to secure my capture.  Maybe the local butcher discovered I ‘borrowed’ his favorite carving knife and has come to find me, brandishing his second favorite.
John wanted to laugh; Sherlock looked so affronted at the idea of being called Ily again.  Instead, his hand at Sherlock’s nape, he brought him down for another kiss.  And, too soon, with a regretful groan, he released him.  “We had best be off.  We have much work to do.  Packing up camp, finding Cedric…”
“All this time you’ve taken the piss about me being a romantic, and it seems I’m not the only one.  You never fail to amaze me.”  His eyes soften and he kisses me, his lips tender against mine, and I feel
“Not ‘even’.”
“You will go home, John, and I will take my rightful place in prison for shooting Magnussen.  It’s as it should be.”
But where were Sherlock and John?
has to look after your sorry arse.  But your mum’s clothes?  Really!?  You’re a master of disguise; you can come up with something more manly!”
of losing Rose threatened his composure. Sure, she was “just” a dog, but he would give all of it up, all of the fame and glory sure to soon come, if he had to choose between that and Rose. He would choose Rose.
important to him is me; no amount of money or fame is worth missing out on even a moment with me.  (No, you may
“Have you not eyes?!” Sherlock bellowed at the slovenly man demanding the portage.  “Four of us there be, and for four of us we shall pay!  You say you ‘think’ since you saw five of us arrive yesterday then we be hiding one so we do not have to pay more.
“Will you excuse us, please,” he says to the collective table.  “I forgot my wedding gift in the car.”  He turns his attention to me. “Sherlock, do you want to come with me?  I forget which is our rental car and I know you’ll remember.”
Finished, Aldus shuffled back to bed, yawning before dropping onto it.  “Nigh-,” he mumbled, his snores resuming so quickly he did not have time to finish what he said.
I rub my overtired eyes and, hauling the pillows and blankets with me, I go lie on the sofa.  Arranging the bedding over me, I lay my head on John’s pillow, turning my head so my nose is filled with its scent.  The other pillow I hold, imagining it is John, squeezing him tightly to me.  My mobile now charged, I have brought it with me to the sofa and I clasp it in my hand, ready for John’s text.
The memory of wanting to kiss him is so indelible in my mind I am certain there is a section in my brain that would show up on a scan, highlighted in neon green, which reads ‘I WANT TO KISS JOHN’.   Hopefully, it is in Latin and I would be lucky in that the physician reading the scan would be of the new school of medicine that is not taught such useless information.
He brings a bottle of wine to the table.  Wine?  Curious.  John does not normally drink wine; I do on the rare occasion I drink alcohol.  But this is not a special day.
“But why should I go to sleep if I’m not tired?”  Sherlock couldn’t help but arguing the point, not if it kept John there with him.
? Tis not the point, Sherlock.”
I lift his hand to my mouth and kiss it, the only answer he needs.
Sherlock turned, and beyond Stamford, through the snowfall that had suddenly waned to a light flurry, Sherlock saw them. And he knew. He knew why Stamford had brought him to this place.
“Come here.”
one!”
I am by no means ashamed of my body.  Neither am I proud of it; it just…
He turned, taking a tentative step in the direction of Nika’s house, coming to a full stop and looking around him. Even at this late hour, the city hummed with activity. Lamps glowed in living rooms and bedrooms, shaping occupants into shadows, and workers changing shift walked the pavement. Sherlock looked up, a soft mist dampening his face, but the stars he sought hid behind clouds reflecting the city’s light.
“I know thou be right, but it still grieves me.”  Her hands restless, Laila picked up another shirt, the routine soothing her.  “After several days of gathering provisions, I set outside walls of the city.  I be so alone, so frightened, a woman on her own with a small child, and with no plan but to escape as far away as possible.”
“I’m sorry if I hurt you by leaving, Sherlock.”  Sherlock’s mouth opened to speak and John held up his hand to stop him, looking at him sternly.  “You may want to say I don’t know what it feels like to have someone disappear on me like that, but you know I bloody well do.”
