"Was that one of their requirements for the treaty?" Castiel asked. His voice was strained but level, his face admirably neutral, but his mother knew him too well. She fixed him with a shrewd look.
"I'm saying," Dean says loudly. "-that sometimes the impossible happens. Sometimes you're wrong about what you 'can't have', because sometimes the angel that pulled you out of Hell... Sometimes, he loves you, too."
"You love him very much," Cas observes. Dean startles, wondering briefly if Cas was making any leaps of logic connecting Dean's behavior to how much he cared about someone. If Cas was maybe making any (painfully true) assumptions about how Dean felt about him.
They would've had a better chance at a normal meal if they had, Dean thought sullenly. But no. Instead, they'd fucking stopped at a place that LOOKED like their usual hole-in-the-wall diner from the outside, albeit sandwiched in between two brick buildings.
, with just about everything out and open between them.... Dean didn't think he'd ever been happier.
The demon’s voice drops low, seductive, and the rage in Dean’s eyes spikes. He twists his left wrist free; the demon’s attention was focused on his right hand, too busy keeping the knife pinned to worry too much about the unarmed left hand.
Dean’s head strikes the cheap drywall, leaving a dent. Dean grunts in pain, but doesn’t stop speaking.
"Soon, sweetheart, you're doing so good for me," Dean said. He spread his fingers and twisted his wrist, making sure Em was good and loose all around, then stroked him from inside out long and slow. His fingers made wet, sloppy sounds as he thrust back in, so much slick still leaking from Emmanuel.
Sam stares at Dean with heartbreakingly wide puppy-dog eyes, understanding and compassion lighting up his gaze from within.
"It wasn't your fault," Dean whispers. He doesn't know what else to say. He's not the one that's good with words or emotional conversations, but he
It will hopefully buy him enough time to do what had to be done. Dean, Cas knows, would be against it, or at least against Cas going alone.
"He didn't tell you to call me?" Dean asks, voice soft and hesitant. Hurt, Jordan thinks. He bites his lower lip.
Dean had noticed. He had always noticed, even before he let himself look, and then after, when he tried to force himself to
Slowly, the white haze cleared. Dean became aware of himself again, feeling thoroughly satisfied and quite content. He realized that, at some point, Em had collapsed onto his front and Dean was still laying all across his back.
"Do you want me to," Dean started. He swallowed, still touching his horn. "I can put these away, I can-"
Cas nodded firmly, once. Hannah took up her place at his side and Balthazar went back to the door. He glanced back to make sure Hannah and Castiel were in place, then pulled it open wide and allowed them to exit.
Dean knew they should've left the city before stopping to eat. Doesn't matter how hungry the hunt had made them all, or that Cas got bitchy when his belly was empty, or that Sam had been giving him the puppy dog eyes. Dean should've put his foot down and gotten them the fuck out of Dodge before they tried to find a crappy little diner to eat in.
At long last, they arrived. Balthazar opened the door and ushered Hannah and Castiel in ahead of him and then, with a quick glance to make sure no one was watching, followed them in and closed the door behind himself.
Jordan shrugs as though waking him doesn't really matter. However, instead of going back to his own pallet on the other side of the small 'urban cave' (a hidden area beneath a bridge for a four-lane road), Jordan hesitates.
Cas takes the notebook warily. He draws his fingertips delicately down the front cover, dragging the pads of his fingers over the raised honeycomb pattern.
And just like that time, Dean broke. He closed the last of the distance between them and pulled Cas into a hug, clutching his angel to his chest as it finally sank in.
- April stands, arms crossed defensively in front of her chest. Her eyes are pure venom as she stares at him. Cas returns her stare levelly, trying hard not to flinch from the accusation in her gaze or buckle beneath the weight of his own guilt and panic.
Dean and Sam wouldn't understand, not really. They'd try to talk him out of it, and Cas knows his plan is stupid and potentially dangerous, but he sees no other path.
"Dean?" Cas asks, worried. Dean feels it like a punch to the gut. He forces himself to smile at Cas, trying in vain to keep his posture relaxed.
Cas looks over at the TV, then shifts carefully so he can see better. He holds the rag against his forehead as he sits up, moving it so it sits more evenly across his face. He ends up leaning against the headboard of his bed, knees drawn up and blanket pulled tight across his knees. Dean watches out of the corner of his eye, noticing the clench of Cas's teeth and the almost pained expression on his face. Dean can see a sheen of sweat on his neck.
"It's ok," Dean says again, and something in his face or voice must show how much he means it. Cas looks stunned, a bit of Dean's own hope reflected in his eyes.
There was a lot that he couldn't be honest with Dean about; his name, his family, where he'd run from and why, but in all the ways that mattered, Castiel didn't think he'd ever been more honest with anyone.
He waits, watching the hope in Cas's eyes grow brighter and feeling his own expression turn soft and warm, his heart written into an expression meant for only one person to see.
The case had sounded straightforward when Sam had first presented it to them. A news article about a man thrown out a window by an unseen force had led them to a trail of minor incidents going back several months, all spelling out one thing; ghost.
It wasn't exactly as described in the ridiculous romance novels his mother approved for him. It wasn't the sweaty palms, bashful glances, and dreamy sighs of the omegas in the books, but an ever-present warmth when Dean was by his side. A desire to see him smile, a fear of separation, a hope that they might travel together for some time yet. Everything seemed brighter and more interesting when he was with Dean; the flowers more colorful, the birdsong more sweet, the wine more intoxicating.
And there's the rub. Dean had tortured, he'd killed, he'd corrupted. He'd lied and manipulated and stolen. Cas knew none of this. All he knew was the drifter Dean had pretended to be, the face he'd put on hoping to trick the priest into damnation.
"Tell me?" Cas asks. He's still staring at Dean and Dean feels pinned by his gaze. He clears his throat.
Credit for the amazing art goes to sirlsplayland, who you can find here on tumblr: www.srlsplayland.tumblr.com
The demon adopts a weak smile as he turns to fully face Dean. Cas is screaming, shouting warnings at Dean, but not so much as a hint of sound escapes his lips.
The voice was high, almost feminine, and furious. Cas turned towards the sound, surprised. A blond man was storming out of the nearby alleyway, headed directly for the car.
?” the demon asks disbelievingly. Cas finds himself echoing the sentiment, though where the demon is angry, Cas is pleased. Hopeful. Intimacy with Dean would be wonderful, of that he has no doubt, but the implication of ‘slow’, of being allowed to build something lasting and go at their own pace-
killed. You're the reason there's so few angels left, and then you took Heaven from them too. Am I really supposed to believe that you feel guilt over what happened to me when you're basically the second coming of
Cas tries, but the air gets caught halfway to his lungs. He wheezes and tries again, but it's like his panic is feeding into itself. He's breathing in short, sharp gasps that do nothing to get him air.
There's indistinct noises on the other side of the door. A flurry of activity, the sound of footsteps, then the door to the motel room opens and shuts. Several minutes later, Cas can just make out the rumble of the Impala's distinctive engine as Dean and Sam leave.
On the way, Dean sends a surreptitious text to Sam. If he and Cas are going to talk (and they will, Dean is grimly determined), the last thing they need is Sam bursting in at a crucial moment and making Cas clam up again.
Dean hopes it lasts, but even if it doesn't, if Cas's nightmares wake him again tonight like they did the night before, Dean will be there. To listen, if that's what Cas needs, reassure him if he doubts, or just sit in silence if words are too much.
He shoots his brother a quick text at the thought, adding Gatorade and saltines to the list. Sam replies almost immediately and asks Dean to let him know if he or Cas need anything else.
The demon screams and Cas screams with it. His flesh is boiling, his very being is bubbling and hissing and boiling over. He can feel the demon latch onto him, viciously barbed hooks sinking into Cas as the demon tries to make good on its threat.
Dean looked up, all the air escaping from his lungs. Cas's face was pinched into an expression of concentration, no longer smooth and slack in deep unconsciousness.
"Where's Sam?" Cas asks. Dean rubs a hand over the back of his neck. He needs to phrase this better than he did with Sam; he doesn't want Cas misinterpreting his meaning the same way Sam did.
He'd offered to listen if Cas wanted to talk and he meant it. Cas watches him for a moment, then looks down again.
Dean hadn't shut him up, or backhanded him the way Castiel had always been told to expect if he ever got mouthy with an alpha. His etiquette teachers had certainly never been shy about doing so when they felt he had overstepped his place.
"Another one?" she asked. Castiel shrugged and looked towards the fireplace, briefly contemplating throwing the book in among the flames. The scolding he'd get might even be worth it.
Hannah straightened up and tugged this way and that on the fine fabric, trying to get it to lay perfectly flat so the lines of his usual sleepwear weren't so obvious through the much thinner material.
The sound went straight to Dean's groin and he groaned. He pulled back just to trail kisses from the corner of Em's mouth to the bolt of his jaw, laving the curve of it with little kisses and nips as Emmanuel trembled.
"Just me," he says, worriedly noting how sick Johnny looks. His face is pale and drawn save two spots of color on his cheeks, eyes glazed over with fever. He's sweating, hair matted down, but shivering, and that cough...
"I've been reliably informed that that's 'creepy'," he says, scare quotes and all. Dean smiles back.
Dean has half a mind to go there tonight and take care of the ghost himself. He doesn't want to put Cas through seeing her again, but... this is supposed to be Cas's decision.
"It was raining," he says quietly, almost to himself. His voice shakes ever so slightly. "It was raining and I- I didn't-"
Castiel's back was ramrod straight and his head bowed, displaying the enticing line of his neck. His eyes were trained on the floor, his expression serene as he glided rather than walked into the hallway. Hannah was at his left, holding his arm to guide him through the halls of his home.
He'd gotten better, eventually. The night terrors had dropped off and the nightmares were much easier to bear in comparison. The panic attacks stopped coming so often.
"The reaper did that to her, not you," Dean says. "It controlled both of you, just used different tools to do it."
"... oh," Dean said. What else was there to say? 'Great, let's invite him over for dinner sometime'?
Dean makes the mistake of looking at Cas and his heart jumps. He immediately backpedals, clearing his throat.
Cas could get on a bus and be in Kearney, Nebraska in six hours. From there, it's only a day and a half's walk to the bunker. Cas isn't sure he's strong enough to resist the temptation. After all, he already knows that the bus ticket would cost him almost $100 and that Kearney is the closest bus stop to Lebanon, despite it being across the state line. He already knows the route he would need to walk from Kearney to reach home.
Not for the first time, Dean wondered about Emmanuel's past. From the sound of it, his folks had either been extremely traditional, nobility, or worse: both.
"Why not?" he says. "You won't let me take you to the hospital. You don't want me to call anyone. Johnny..." Jordan takes a deep breath, trying not to shake. "I can't- I don't have the medicine you need. I can't take care of you."
"It's good," Em said, his lips just barely brushing Dean's skin. He let go of Dean's hand. "Another?"
"Cas?" he says, looking back at the woman at the bar. He didn't think Cas had any mojo left, but if he's picking up bad vibes from her- shit, the demon- killing knife is back at the motel.
And then he's in. He's standing in the same place he was all those months ago, as terrified now as he had been trusting and relieved back then. He looks around, trying to ground himself in the here-and-now by picking out the tiny differences in the decorations.
It's not his fault, or at least Dean has told him many a time that it wasn't. Castiel isn't entirely sure whether or not to believe him, but he's starting to. Still, April doesn't need explanations and to hear him dodging blame. Unwitting or not, unwilling or not, he knows his is the face she associates with that night.
They sat in silence for a moment, both just staring out at the horizon. Then Dean cleared his throat.
The Queen herself was no warmer than the room she spent most of her time in. She favored dove or slate grey gowns and suits, her hair always pulled back in a severe bun. The room was steeped in her scent, sharp and spearminty and undercut by just the faintest hint of alpha musk.
"I love you," Dean said, and the smile that broke out over Cas's face was the most beautiful thing Dean had ever seen.
"People forget those things all the time," she says, leaning over in her chair to mess with something behind the desk. She lifts up a small, open-top cardboard box filled with a mess of chargers and cords. She picks one up, checks the end, and holds it out. "This it?"
"Oh, definitely not," she says. "I called the ambulance for David right away and by the time they arrived, I was still trying to undo the knots. I ended up having to cut through the ropes."
He glances over again, making sure that Jordan isn't watching, then pulls up the sleeves on his left arm to expose his wrist and half his forearm. The sigils written there are starting to fade, so he reaches into his coat pocket for his Sharpie.
He tossed the breeches off the side of the bed and turned back to find Em already tugging at the fastener for his own smallclothes. Dean watched, drinking in the sight as Emmanuel pulled the last of his clothing off, leaving him gloriously bare.
With a small, broken sound, Dean gave himself over to the kiss. His hands came to rest at Cas's lower back, holding the priest close. His body moved on instinct, on memory, and his head tilted and his lips parted to allow his tongue to move against the seam of Cas's mouth.
"It is to me," Cas says, looking up at him. Dean feels caught by his gaze and he swallows. He nods, knowing his voice is trapped for the moment behind the lump in his throat. That Cas trusts him this much... yeah. It means a lot.
"I'm not the alpha my dad wanted me to be," Dean said bitterly, voice low. "My mom either, but Dad was always more obvious about it than she was."
When he's finally able to move again, he turns and stumbles directly into a brightly lit field. The sky is summer blue and a gentle breeze holds up a bright, primary-colored kite. THe grass is the greenest he's ever seen, except where it's not.
"Stop teasing me," Em said. Dean laughed and reached down to take himself in hand, stroking quickly to spread Em's slick all along his shaft.
Jordan waited, suspicion narrowing his eyes, so Castiel blurted out the first name that came to mind.
Dean feels his anger, slowly simmering to a full boil, suddenly flare. Some of it is directed inwards, for not noticing this sooner, for not being there earlier, but the vast majority of it has a target far outside of himself.
"Now, even the thought of your hands on me is... distasteful. Frightening," Cas says. He sounds distressed, but Dean isn't sure if that's because of the memories or something else.
Sam's waiting outside and he doesn't seem surprised when, instead of letting him in, Dean comes out and shuts the door behind himself.
"Go for it," Dean says. Cas's smile is brief, not quite sincere and no big thing, but it's there. Dean breathes out.
He colors a bit at the near slip. When he glances back up, Cas is watching him with a wry, exhausted smile.
to find us a hunt," he says. "And it would be a lot easier if my laptop stopped disappearing." Sam gives Dean a pointed look. Dean shrugs it off.
"And when the angels fell, that was... what? A mistake? A misunderstanding?" she asks. She sounds a bit dazed, like her world had just gotten turned inside out. Cas nods.
Cas isn't fine, but he can't talk about it right now either. He can't sit there with Sam's understanding and pity, his open compassion and earnest attempts to get him to open up and air out his hurts. He can't stand in the face of Dean's fierce protectiveness, the softness Cas knows to look for now even though he's never felt less worthy.
He needs to not be terrified that the next person who offers to 'help' him has darker intentions in mind.
"I know, I got you," Dean said. He took pity on Em, giving in to the omega's soft, needy sounds and his own urgency. He did place one kiss on Emmanuel's belly, the muscles covered by a thin layer of softness, promising them; "Next time."
Cas stares at the white tile floor of the bathroom, a hard weight settling across his shoulders and his thoughts churning in his mind. Cold fear curdles his stomach, but he knows there's only one choice left him.
"Figure of speech," he explains. He takes a deep breath and bites his lower lip. Johnny nods absently, though it looks like his moment of lucidity is on the way out.
"What are you saying," Dean says, because it's not really a question, he doesn't want this answered. He already knows, the terrible shape of the truth beginning to coalesce in his mind like an unstoppable avalanche.
He thrust in one more time, his knot swelling and catching, locking them together. Em cried out Dean's name as his body clenched, shaking and practically sobbing as he spilled over Dean's hand and the blankets below.
"-she's DEAD but she was just- and then she THREW HIM-" the landlady says, pointing at Cas repeatedly like Sam hadn't seen what happened.
He tries to focus on the cold tile beneath his feet, a counterpoint to the now-hot water beating on his scalp.
Dean kissed Cas again, open-mouthed and deep, welcomed so sweetly by Cas. Hardly believing his own daring, that he was
Were all common alphas like this? Was it only the nobles who expected their omegas to be docile and obedient to their every whim?
"You should," Sam says. Dean flips the last pancake over and starts moving the cooked ones from the griddle to the waiting plate.
Emmanuel licked Dean's fingertips, ostensibly getting every last trace of cheese off of Dean's skin. Dean didn't dare breathe, couldn't even remember how.
"'Perversions'," Cas repeated, like he wasn't entirely sure what the word meant. He tilted his head, brow furrowed in thought. "And what is it that they are perverting?"
"Are you going to pretend it's like some kind of friends with benefits thing?" Sam asks. Dean's mouth works but for a minute, no sound comes out.
Sam's already at the motel room door, fumbling with his key. He gets the door open and steps aside for Dean and Cas to enter the dingy room. Cas makes a beeline for his duffle bag and just hefts the whole thing, intending to bring it into the bathroom with him.
"Let me see you, Dean," he said. Dean didn't need to be told again. He tore himself away from Em, the air of the room feeling chilly against his super heated skin, and got off the bed. He quickly shucked his breeches and smallclothes, then turned back to find Em sitting up and staring at him, blue eyes wide and wanting and dark.
"It means he'll, ah..." Sam says, gesturing in the direction of his own crotch. Dean wants to swear again.
When Dean was king, things would change, he silently promised himself. Elysium might be more traditional than Kanaan, which prided itself on being progressive, but Dean wouldn't have been surprised to learn that some places were still as backwards and controlling as Em's family. As king of one small country, perhaps Dean couldn't save everyone, but he could at least make Kanaan a better place for those omega citizens under his care.
Dean groaned as he pulled Cas's body against his own, hardly even breaking the kiss to breathe as his hands dropped down, down-
Dean had meant to go. He'd meant to tell Cas goodbye and never darken the doorway of this little church again, meant to cover it with all manner of anti-demonic wards and protective sigils so that even with him gone, nothing would happen to Cas or his flock.
Except where it's been blackened by the outlines of wings, burned into the ground around the dozens of slain angels that lie there.
"I'm not going to tell you what to do, but I still think you should call him," Jordan says. He turns to go back to bed. "After all, you did say he
For a moment, Dean wants to tell Cas not to write it off completely. He shouldn't let one bad (awful,
“‘Please don’t do this to Dean’,” he says softly. Dean flinches briefly, then draws in another slow breath. “‘I don’t want it to happen like this.’”
"Just... whatever you want," Dean says. He glances back at Cas, whose expression is starting to lighten with comprehension. "Anything."
"Try this?" he offered. Emmanuel paused, half-turned, looking from Dean to the cheese and then back again. Dean held his breath. The air in the small room was suddenly stifling.
"Really, really cool. Thing. Over here," Dean said, laying a hand on her shoulder and steering her away from the other two.
Dean fumbles his next flip and sends the half-cooked pancake careening to the floor. Batter-side down, of course, because fuck Dean Winchester's life.
He'll die if he goes back out there. He's too weak from lack of food, too exhausted from lack of sleep. His shoulder still aches from his injury.
He'd been soundly proven wrong, in the worst possible way, and then he'd been denied a safe haven with the last people he thought were still willing to call him kin.
The fire in Dean's blood sparked higher. He groaned and pulled Em into another kiss, claiming those damp lips and sweeping in with his tongue.
Their (rather infrequent, Dean admits) sex life is what has Cas up in the middle of the night worrying that Dean isn’t happy with what they’ve got.
He looks Cas directly in the eye, silently imploring Cas to hear him, to take his words in as truth, because that's what this is. The truth, laid out bare for Cas to see, because maybe Cas can't believe it until he has someone who can believe it with him.
"I brought breakfast," Dean said, indicating the plate. He sat down on his own bed, facing Cas. "Didn't know when you'd wake up, so I only got one plate, but we can go down and get more."
Cas was shaking, all hitching breaths and moving hips, low moans and choked cries. Dean husked a chuckle and bent his head over Cas's erection.
Cas pulled back with a gasp, lips reddened and slick. Dean wanted to lean back in and claim his mouth again, but restrained himself.
Cas looks around one last time. If this goes poorly, if April doesn't want to listen and would rather just take her revenge on him for the unwitting part he played in making the night one of horror for her as well...
Then Emmanuel's mouth was on his and Dean couldn't say who moved, but in the moment he couldn't have cared less. Em's lips were pressed clumsily to his, off center and rough and
Getting back to the apartment building had been both easy and one of the most difficult things Cas has ever done. Cas's leaden feet know the route to take; he remembers these backstreets and these alleyways, each one filled with memories of cold and fear and hunger.
Dean resisted. He bit down on his own lip, tasting blood, letting that calm his primal alpha instincts.
"I'm sorry I worried you, but this I had to take care of on my own," Cas replies softly. He's still clutched to Dean's chest and the pressure is grounding. Calming.
It's just Cas, sitting on one of the plush chairs and staring pensively at the wall. Dean relaxes and walks in.
about you," Sam insists. "And after everything he's been through, don't you think he deserves to know how much he means to you? To both of us, really, but... to
Cas can hear the bitterness in Jordan's voice, old but still sharp. He winces in sympathy and shame.
"I'm not gonna tell him," Dean says, voice soft and thick. Sam opens his mouth to object but Dean shoots him a Look that shuts him right up.
"I'm not sure I know what you mean," he said. The man stared at Cas for a moment, stunned, then closed his eyes with what looked like relief.
At first, Dean isn't sure what wakes him, but as he gets dragged back to consciousness, he becomes aware of the soft moans and groans filling the room. He rolls over on the cot, scowling as he looks towards where Sam is sleeping.
"Stay with me?" Dean asked, whispering the words intimately into Cas's ear. Cas shivered and slowly, tentatively wrapped his arms around Dean, like he wasn't sure he was allowed.
"Dean," he says. He steps forward then hesitates as though unsure of his welcome. Dean has no such compunctions.
"Goodbye, April," Cas says. She gives him a thin, wry smile and then closes her eyes as the light around her intensifies.
"You'd have to ask my friend," he says slowly. "He told me the phone was his, and he's had it since I found him."
It wasn't the done thing these days, keeping a consort in the palace. Occasional dalliances could be overlooked as necessary to keep a royal marriage peaceful, but it was generally expected that the royal couple be visibly loyal to each other in order to set an example for the lower classes. Affairs were meant to be discreet, fleeting things so everyone could comfortably turn a blind eye.
He's rambling. He knows he is, but he can't seem to stop himself. His arms are wrapped around himself, hugging across his chest like he can keep the pain at bay with the pressure alone. All he can see is all the paths he didn't take, the twists and tricks of fate that lead him back
Em's expression flickered at that, too quick for Dean to catch every emotion, but then he smiled wryly.
Dean’s frowning, confused and a little hurt by the demon’s tone. His uncertainty has doubled and he pulls away from the demon’s touch, uncomfortable. Cas feels vindictively pleased with the demon’s irritation.
Dean surges forward, arms coming up to wrap around a shaking Castiel and hold him tightly. Dean's eyes are burning, his throat closed up, and all he can do is listen as the dam breaks.
"I don't think you'll have to worry about that," Bobby said. Dean opened his mouth to reply, but then he heard it.
Em was staring at him again. Dean felt struck by those too-blue eyes and his words twisted into a tangled knot on his tongue.
"Your duffle is right outside the bathroom," Dean says. "Come out when you're ready. I'm not looking."
The library in the bunker is quiet, save the scratch of graphite on paper and the whisper of pages turning. Dean's only half paying attention to the dusty tome in front of him. The book is only tangentially related to angels, anyway, and so far there's been absolutely nothing about Grace or spells or any of that crap.
Dean's heart stops. The blood drains from his face and he stares at Cas in horrified shock, frozen in place. Cas looks at him then, expression pained and apologetic, and Dean feels the bile climb up his throat.
All told, he has perhaps seventy dollars to his name now. The change he keeps in a plastic baggie rescued from someone else's sandwich, tucked away inside the backpack he'd gotten from Goodwill at Jordan's insistence. He has a second pair of jeans courtesy of that trip as well, and two new shirts so he has something to wear on laundry day.
He can see Dean's regret, his guilt at not recognizing the building immediately, at passing off the twinge of familiarity as a trick of the apartment's structure. Dean has a tendency to take the blame for any harm that befalls someone he loves; Cas is well aware of it, but he doesn't have the energy to reassure Dean right now. He can't tell Dean that everything is fine, because everything is not, though he knows it isn't Dean's fault at all.
"Go lie down. I'll get some ice," Dean says. Cas nods, eyes once more downcast, and Dean turns away.
, always has been. He's been in sticky situations before and managed to come out on top, but this...
Desperate now, he goes for the door handle. He doesn't expect it to turn in his hands, but when it does, he feels ice shooting through his veins. He goes still in shock, staring at the doorknob that should not have opened so easily.
"Something," he says instead, because it's easier to pretend the thought isn't creeping up on him too, to hope that Sam means anything besides what Dean
Jordan cautiously reaches out and puts his hand to Johnny's forehead once more. Johnny groans softly as Jordan's hand touches his skin. Might just be Jordan's imagination, but he could swear that Johnny's forehead feels hotter than it did before.
"And... you just figure he'll say 'yes'?" Sam asks, voice strained. Dean looks at him incredulously.
Cas shakes his head again. Dean aches, the need to help like a throbbing pain deep in his chest, but his feet feel rooted to the spot. He can't even speak, can't do anything except bear witness.
"But I don't-" Cas started. His voice cut off abruptly as he realized why the woman in the car's smile had seemed so reminiscent of Meg's, what that common thread running through it had been. "Oh."
"I need a shower," Cas says, keeping his eyes on the gravel of the parking lot as he gets out of the car. He doesn't want to see Dean's face, doesn't want to see the exasperation or the disgust or the pity.
"So you'll marry me off to the first alpha who can't refuse," Castiel snapped, even as he kept his head bowed. His anger was writhing like a living thing inside him, vitriol clawing up his throat.
Dean didn't even dare to venture a guess as to what his husband-to-be would think of Em, but if their prince was as traditional as the rest of Elysium, he was probably either expecting Dean to have frequent affairs or wouldn't care in the least. That whole mess was a problem for another time.
The grief is immense and overwhelming, something in him crying out in denial while the rest of him screams at the sudden void inside his chest.
Part of him bitterly supposes that his actions didn't really matter, not if the reaper was hunting him. It was possible they would've possessed any willing vessel Cas happened to be near, but it's hard not to wonder if, in some other timeline, another version of himself had been smarter or luckier and had made it through his stint of homelessness with no lasting scars.
"You don't have to," he blurted suddenly. "I mean, if you're sore, you're sore, go ahead, but if you're not-"
Dean wondered how long Emmanuel had been holding that anger in. Years, if he had to guess; years of anger and frustration and isolation, with nobody willing to listen or to understand. Or at the very least, nobody willing and able to help.
Castiel began to feel cornered and oddly exposed, as though Gilda's gentle eyes could see right through him. He turned his gaze to the booths surrounding them, almost afraid to look directly at her.
"Do you know why?" Cas asked, already grabbing the silk robe hanging over top of his changing screen. Hannah hurried over to him as he pulled the sleeves on and knelt to quickly begin doing up the ridiculous, tiny pearl buttons that ran the length of the garment.
The words light something in Castiel, an incandescent spark that flashes through him like holy fire.
"What," he breathed, word hardly more than a puff of air, but Dean was still babbling and didn't seem to hear him.
He drops his duffle by the rollaway bed and heads back into the bathroom. The light is still on, so he heads right for the shower and turns the water back on, as cold as it will go. No need to waste whatever hot water this motel's water heater can produce.
Dean likes to think of himself as something of a connisseur of pleasure. He's been in a lot of beds over the years, with a lot of different partners, and he knows how to make sure everyone has a good time. He knows what a good time sounds like, how to tell just from the sound of someone's voice how much they're into it.
There was silence for several moments, broken only by the whirr of the machines, the beep of the heart monitor, and Dean's heartbeat. He sighed.
To wash the succubus's blood off, sure, but Dean knows that's not all it is. He sees the way Cas's shoulders hunch, the way Cas won't meet his eyes, and he knows that some of Cas's worst memories are taking center stage in the former angel's mind.
"What do you need?" he asks. He wants to extend the promise, to let Cas know that it's not an offer just for tonight. From the way Cas looks at him, he think Cas hears what Dean isn't saying either.
Dean heaves a sigh of relief. With any luck, Cas can sleep through this whole ordeal. Dean will just need to stay awake and chase off any nightmares Cas may have.
"It's no problem, buddy," he said. He turned to leave once more, but paused. He looked back at Cas. "You haven't been on the street long, have you?"
"With things that you can't- things that are hard to, you know. Talk about," Dean says. He rubs the back of his head, briefly wishing that Cas had confided in Sam, or that he had Sam's grace in dealing with tough emotional subjects.
Dean, Cas, and Sam all turned to look and found their waiter standing there with an amused smile on his lips and his notepad in hand.
He turns and Cas is standing there, not ten feet behind Dean. Dean watches as the inky blackness of the Empty pulls away from Cas in a reversal of that awful moment it had taken him.
Cas's expression crumples. Her words are an echo of the question he's asked himself hundreds of times since the last time he'd stood in this apartment, the path his mind had wandered down every time he woke from a nightmare sweaty and shaking.
"Nothing, your Majesty. And the stablemaster says that none of the horses are missing," he said. A drop of sweat slid down his spine.
and pressing, rubbing, drawing a hoarse cry from Em. Then Dean finally pulled back, leaving Em panting and shaking.
There's nobody out on the street, but Cas does a surreptitious glance around to make sure regardless. He approaches the apartment building with confidence, like he has every right to be there and fumbles for his lockpicks.
"V'et zakhar, lo tishkav mish-ka-veh isha, to-eh-vah hee," he said, his voice somehow even deeper and more gravelly than usual. "'Man shall not lie with a man' is actually a mistranslation-"
On one such dive, Dean's fingers brushed against something that seemed to send sparks through Em's body. He jerked his hips into the touch with a cry, eyes wide in surprise.
him. Cas wanted him in the church, to wake up to in the mornings, to cook breakfast, to talk with, low and intimate, after the congregation had dispersed. Cas wanted him as a friend, a lover, a confidant, a hand to hold, and a shoulder to lean on. Cas wanted to be all those things for Dean in turn. Cas wanted his heart, his mind, his body, and whatever soul he had left to give.
The burrito curdles in his stomach and tastes like ash in his mouth. He doesn't think he can finish eating it, even though he knows it may be the last food he'll get for a while.
"Pretty terrible," he says finally. "He coughs so bad sometimes he can't breathe. He was really out of it when I left to call you, and I'm not sure if that's the fever, or..."
"I'm not done," Dean says sharply, never taking his eyes away from Cas. "I just had to say that first."
. Dean shoves those thoughts away so he can stay focused, swallowing down the bile in his throat. "You had no way of knowing, Cas. It's not your fault."
The cartoon ends with the traditional 'that's all, folks!' and Dean glances towards the other bed. Cas's eyelids are drooping, exhaustion lining his face. Dean wants to tell him it's ok to sleep it off, that maybe it would be easier, but he recognizes the stubborn cast to Cas's features.
Dean finally finds his old, battered copy of Cat's Cradle at the bottom of his bag. The pages are all dog-eared, a few of them wrinkled where he'd spilled water on it once. He turns it over in his hands, smiling fondly, and then he hears the bathroom door open slowly.
Their reception at the restaurant had been... less than pleasant. The hostess had all but glared at them and her clipped 'can we help you?' had been rather unwelcoming. Jordan had smiled coolly and asked politely for a table for two.
Dean turns away from the Entity to face Cas. His expression softens from cold anger to something tentative and warm.
"There were days I'd wake up wondering if I was going to be disowned for... well, for," Dean said, gesturing to his whole body with a sharp, jerky wave of his hand. "Not like I don't have a little brother that could inherit. But at least then I'd be free."
"I almost didn't tell Charlie how I felt about her," she said. Castiel glanced over, thrown by the sudden change in topic.
He shook his head, apparently unable to come up with words to describe the experience. Dean grinned, ignoring his own arousal for the moment, even though by now he was in quite a state.
Three days ago, Dean had been on a grocery run and spotted a notebook in the store. It was sunshine yellow with a raised honeycomb pattern on the front and small, fuzzy bees crawling over it. The notebook had reminded Dean of Cas and he'd added it to his basket without really thinking about it.
Dean grits his teeth and gets his hands up just in time to hook his fingers inside the monster’s grip, preventing the hold from closing completely.
"Is that a problem?" Dean asks carefully. The demon sighs and the uncertainty in Dean’s expression sharpens into suspicion. Dean casually pulls away, hand drifting deliberately towards the small of his back.
Sam and Dean exchange a look, one that says they think they've identified their possible spook. Dean glances back to see if Cas caught the same clue they did, but Cas just stares straight ahead at the door.
A third time for good measure. The lock holds firm. Cas closes the toilet lid and sets his duffle on top, then digs through to find what he needs.
beside him. Dean doesn't even know where Sam is, he just hopes that at least Sammy made it out. One of them, at least, should survive.
"I didn't have anywhere to go," Cas says in a small voice, not looking at Dean. "I was hungry and she-" He shivers, shakes himself, continues. "There was food. I couldn't- if I'd been turned away, I-"
The lock clicks open. Dean sags in relief as the door opens, but his relief is tempered by the look on Cas's face.
Dean had felt guilty about it already, but knowing what he did now... fuck, he'd take being back in the Pit over this feeling any day. He deserved it.
"I know," Dean says, because he does, and because he has no goddamn clue what else to say as Cas collapses onto the mattress and wheezes for air. His breathing comes in short, sharp little gasps, his eyes watering as reality asserts itself.
His mother was, after all, still his alpha and the Queen was not one any alpha was willing to cross. Harming her property, no matter how 'well-deserved' the punishment was, would be enough to get them exiled or sent to the gallows. And Naomi, for all her faults, had never raised a hand to him.
Then the knife plunges into Cas's bare chest and he screams out in pain, struggling against the ropes that keep him bound to the chair even as he feels his all-too-human lifeforce ebbing from him.
"I didn't- I should have gone back out, taken my chances with the rain, but I... I've watched humanity for centuries, I've seen-" Cas swallows. "Hypothermia. Pneumonia. Influenza."
Seeing even the broken, ugly parts of Dean’s soul and somehow deeming them beautiful and worthy of love. Somehow taking those broken pieces and making them whole again.
"You don't look it, either," Jordan quips automatically. He slowly reaches out to press the back of his hand against Johnny's forehead. It's hot, too hot, and Jordan feels his worry ratchet up another notch.
Cas is stalking towards the motel room, one hand fisted in the material of the hoodie and holding it down over the front of his pants. He waits when he reaches the door, allowing just enough time for Dean to unlock it before he's beelining for his duffle bag and a clean set of clothes.
Dean hears the footsteps approaching his room just in time. Heart in sudden overdrive, he scrambles to close the pages he has open on Sam's borrowed laptop
"Cas!" he calls, hoping to get his friend's attention. Cas just keeps doggedly walking forward, ignoring him. Annoyed and not a little confused, Dean speeds up a bit until he can reach out and touch him.
He hears the door open, the sound of cloth dragging against the floor, and then the door shuts again.
Dean and Sam keep shooting him concerned glances in the rearview mirror, but Cas doesn't look up at them. The silence in the car is oppressive, heavy on his chest and sticking his tongue to the bottom of his mouth.
"Em?" he said. Cas waved his concern off and took up walking again, too lost in thought to pay attention to any of the booths around them.
He drew back and shifted himself a little further down the bed. He ran his hands up over Em's hips, then back down slowly, drifting inwards to press at his inner thighs just above the knees. Em took the hint and spread for him, giving him room to work.
Once there, Dean lays a hand on the hood of his car and takes a deep breath. He looks up at the stars and tries to gather his thoughts.
He's faced down archangels on his own, he's fought Lucifer and Micheal and all the denizens of Hell and Purgatory. He can face one ghost.
"I make no promises!" Dean calls out, grinning. Sam makes a disgusted noise and slams the door behind himself.
He grabs for his bar of soap and the cheap, rough rag the motel provides. He lathers it up with quick, jerky motions and starts to scrub.
His reaction was not disappointing. Em's eyes fluttered shut, a gasp tearing itself from his mouth. Dean stroked him, long and smooth, running his palm over the head of Em's cock to make his grip slide.
Were it not for these moments being constantly interrupted, Dean wonders if they would have already kissed.
"Maybe he got out and then got back in, I don't know," Dean says. He really hopes Cas hasn't been in the shower the entire time they were gone; it doesnt bode well for his mental state if that's the case.
It's maybe ten minutes after Dean gets back into the motel room that he hears the shower finally shut off. Dean busies himself with...
"Aw, you’re going to hurt my feelings," the demon says mockingly, running his eyes over Dean’s body. Dean gives a visible shudder at that, still trying to yank his wrists free of the monster’s grip.
And then he realizes what else he doesn't see and abruptly his worry increases tenfold, buoyed by a wave of anger.
Dean breathed. He heard the steady beep of the heartrate monitor, the click and hiss of the breathing mask.
But he dared not turn around, just in case this was another dream. Another nightmare; he'd had so many. Dreams where he'd been a little faster, dreams where Cas had been a little slower, where just
"Yes," Cas says, so quietly Dean almost doesn't hear him. He hesitates for a moment, then nods and reluctantly lets go of Cas.
Cas forces himself not to think about it. Dean had apologized, repeatedly, and though it didn't help the fear at the back of his mind go away it did mitigate it some.
The alphas of his country liked their omegas docile and pliable. For all that Castiel had to play at being the perfect omega in public, he'd never been the type to roll over and submit. A multitude of polite refusals and dryly sarcastic 'praise' was usually enough to discourage all but the most determined alphas and for those, Castiel took a more direct approach.
That's definitely some kind of emotion in Dean's voice. Worry, it sounds like. Jordan remembers Johnny's wistful expressions every time he'd stared at the phone, the relief in his eyes when he'd said 'Dean is safe'.
The third, formerly angelic member of their little family is still peacefully asleep in his bed. Tonight, no dreams disturb his rest, and Dean isn't sure if it's emotional exhaustion or the relief of having someone finally
"The police looked into it, but I'm telling you, it had to be an accident. David must have tripped out the window or something," the landlady says.
"Last night," Dean said, running a hand over his hair and down the back of his head to rest on the nape of his neck. "When I came into the room, well..."
The door at the end of the hall is dark and foreboding, but the handle turns easily in his grasp. The landlady had probably been too frightened by what she'd seen in the apartment to come back to lock up after they'd run.
had paled in comparison to the threat of his brothers and sisters finding him and exacting their revenge for his hand in the Great Fall.
"Like a brother," Dean says, trying and failing to keep his voice neutral. He can be content with what he has, he really can, if Sam and the damn universe would just stop shoving his face in what he can't.
(again), Castiel doesn't even have time to catch his breath before he's Falling, going straight through the bed to find open atmosphere beneath. He's clothed again and the chill is replaced by heat, burning and burning and
Dean didn't need to finish his sentence. Castiel could read it on his face. He was lost for words, the fiction he'd been carefully maintaining in shambles at his feet.
He'd managed two bites before his stomach protested. Jordan had watched him over his burger, concerned, but Cas hadn't been able to do more than pick at the quesadillas and most of the dish had ended up boxed to go.
Bit by bit, Cas's breathing steadies and deepens. He's now thoroughly soaked by the shower, the fever in his blood momentarily calming at the chill. Dean's caught enough of the overspray that he'll need a change of clothes himself.
Was it really too much of a stretch to believe that today might've been the breaking point? Seeing April again, having her blame him for something Cas already carried so much guilt over, something that scarred Cas so heavily the wounds still bleed...
He hadn't expected such a full accounting of his sins tonight. He feels the weight of his crimes like a physical thing on his chest, making it hard to breathe.
Em grabbed Dean's hand and tried to shove it lower, to where he must've been painfully hard and wanting, but Dean wasn't done yet. He carefully extricated his hand from Emmanuel's grip and drew his fingers up the crease between Em's groin and inner thigh, so close yet still not touching where Em wanted him most. Em growled low in his throat, lifting his hips to chase the touch, but Dean set his hand on Em's hip and held him down.
"I'm sure I won't," Cas replies, which is only the truth. Jordan just shakes his head fondly and digs into the front pocket of his hoodie for something. He produces a red card with a stylized chili pepper on it. Cas frowns at it for a moment.
love me," Dean growled, trying not to shake, not to lean in and close the last of the distance between them. Cas's eyes were wide and so, so blue, lips parted slightly, inviting and innocent. "You don't even know what I
Castiel carefully counts out his earnings for the day, feeling mildly pleased with himself. There is little space for shame, so he ignores the feeble stirrings of it.
is somehow responsible for Cas feeling inadequate when Dean can’t remember ever being so happy with his lot in life. Sure, they don’t have sex all that often, but Dean finds as time goes on that sex is less important than Cas curling up next to him in bed every night.
But no, even as he thought that Cas knew it wasn't true. He'd only caught glimpses of reality for omegas outside the palace, but it was the little things that told him common alphas were not always so understanding as Dean. The existence of Charlie's knife, for one thing. The lack of omegas travelling on their own, especially at night. It made Cas grateful that he'd thought up his little trick with the peppermint.
Over the past two weeks, Cas has come to realize that he quite enjoys kissing. Up until now, his limited experiences with kissing had been... less than ideal.
He let his fingers play through Emmanuel's hair, scritching against his scalp with his nails. Em just made a soft noise of pleasure and nuzzled closer to Dean, tucking his nose into Dean's neck.
"It wasn't my fault," he says, voice so quiet he's completely inaudible over the water. "It wasn't my fault."
"What are you talking about," Cas said, though he felt it in his bones, and from the look on Dean's face, he knew it too.
“If I am… not enough,” Cas starts, voice hushed but quick. “Please, just… just tell me before you find someone else.”
And then he had presented, and his lessons on state affairs had become lectures on decorum and he'd been banned from the armory.
He tightened his grip a little more on Cas's unbroken hand. He couldn't seem to let go, as though his grip was some kind of magic talisman that would bring Cas back safely. Like maybe if Dean just held on, Cas wouldn't slip away from them - from
Dean drank it in. He kissed Cas again and then began moving slowly downwards, peppering every inch of him with soft, reverent kisses. Cas's hands were moving again; over his shoulders, the nape of his neck, his horns. Cas didn't shy away from touching them, gasped just as beautifully when Dean ran his claws lightly over Cas's skin as when Dean dragged the pads of his fingers over Cas's flesh.
Dean felt the urge to kiss Cas like a physical need. He surged forward and captured Cas's lips again, growling low in his throat when Cas's hands came up. One fisted in Dean's hair at the nape of his neck, the other grabbed at a curved horn and used it to tilt Dean's head, perfecting the angle of their mouths.
"Yes," he says fervently. He wants to be ashamed that his answer isn't solely or even mostly for April and her suffering, but for his own. He wants to be ashamed, but he isn't, and a voice that sounds very much like Dean's reverberates in his mind.
He had just managed to shift it around back to his hip when Dean noticed. He put the egg-laden bread down and looked at Cas's hand, halfway into the pouch.
, hell, keep him close at night. And take him to dinner and the movies, take him to the middle of nowhere to watch the stars; all that sappy cliche romantic bullshit Dean had scoffed at before.
There's no response. Not yet, anyway, and Dean refuses to let himself think that there might never be.
"Or we can get someone else. Another hunter," Dean says, still staring imploringly at Cas. "Point is, we don't have to go back."
"To talk," Cas says again. Then, quieter. "To apologize, because even if it isn't enough and even if you don't believe me, I am truly sorry for what I did."
"It's softer than the crap they call a rag here," Dean said by way of explanation. He began to wipe Cas down, getting as much of the mess off of his skin as possible. Cas would've complained that he didn't need to be coddled, but it was actually... very nice.
“… I know we don’t have sex as often as you’d like,” Cas admits quietly. Dean waits, but Cas offers no other reason.
He hits the 'power' button and waits for the phone to load up. While he waits what seems an incredible amount of time, he tries not to think about how this could all go wrong.
Dean forces down the momentary and completely inappropriate flash of possessive jealousy. Cas isn't his... anything, really. If he noticed some lady checking out Sam, he'd already be bringing it to Sam's attention so he could go grab some tail if he was interested.
"What, she not your type?" he asks. Cas's flinch is almost imperceptible, but the suddenly greenish cast to his features is not. Dean feels like he just put his foot in it but he doesn't know
"I just can't believe it's happening to me," Dean said lowly, leaning in. He started at Cas's neck, mouthing and nipping at the smooth skin. Cas moaned quietly, then inhaled sharply as though surprised he could make such a sound.
"... someone else might have thought she was 'hot'," Cas's hands clench into fists, white knuckled and painful looking. He swallows thickly. "But I still-"
He was out of time, but he still wanted to take his time with Emmanuel, to savor every step of the process, and it struck him as remarkably unfair that he'd finally found something he wanted to keep so shortly before he would no longer be free to pursue it.
No, Cas thought, swallowing around a lump in his throat. Safest for them if Hannah and Balthazar knew nothing.
Cas holds the shirt to his chest and breathes in deeply. It doesn't smell like Dean, not anymore, but the smell of the laundry detergent is the same that Dean uses. It's enough.
Enough of his suitors had ended up outrageously humiliated at court that people had begun to suspect the prince was responsible for it, even though no one could prove it. And without proof, no one could punish him for it.
Dean's trying to give him space, Cas realizes. He doesn't know how long he's been in the shower, but he's surprised to note how
"You know, 'man shall not lie with a man as with a woman'? Ring any bells?" Dean snapped. Sam and Cas both looked at him; Sam with barely-restrained anger, Cas with confusion.
night, he doesn't want an audience for it. He doesn't want the hyperawareness that would come with Dean and Sam listening in, doesn't want the pity or the anger.
"Yeah, ok," Dean said. He leaned over Em again to nip at his ear and neck. "You want my knot? You can have it."
Cas looks down, then back up, opening and closing his mouth like he wants to speak but has no words, like everything that had been building inside of him for months had poured out of him.
going behind it. His arms are crossed over his chest, fingers drumming a bruise into the meat of his bicep.
And then Balthazar had shifted from treating Castiel like a fellow warrior on the battlefield to something fragile and easily damaged. Something that needed protecting, as it was incapable of protecting itself.
"Cas," Dean says, eyes alight with intent, flicking down to glance at Cas's mouth. He leans in slowly, giving Cas ample time to pull away, if he wishes.
"Don't," Cas said, pushing himself up so he could grab Dean's wrist. "I would be with you. All of you, you don't need to hide on my account."
There's no way to mark the passage of time in the Empty; Dean honestly doubts time as a concept exists here at all. So he can't say exactly how long he's been walking when he suddenly stops, his heart tripping with the feeling of finding something lost and dearly missed.
"Must have been quite a stumble to break the glass like that," Dean says. The landlady shrugs a shoulder apologetically.
It’s no consolation that the idea of Cas becoming possessed hadn’t occurred to Dean, either, else surely the elder Winchester would have warned Castiel when they spoke on the phone earlier.
Dean kissed Emmanuel, long and luxurious, walking his fingers up under Em's tunic. Em shivered as Dean's hands found warm skin and Dean laid his palms flat, thrilled at the way Em's muscles jumped as he continued his slow journey upward.
Dean wrapped his hand around Cas gently. Cas's hands fisted tightly in the bedsheets and he gave a choked cry of Dean's name. Dean stroked him slowly, using Cas's precome to slick his palm.
He aches to just leap forward and pull Cas into a hug, but he's equally terrified that doing the wrong thing right now will make Cas shatter like glass.
It had been over in seconds. Even though Castiel was a soldier with millennia of experience, there was no way to defend himself from the formless black smoke as it poured out of the woman’s body. There was nothing to stop it from forcing its way down his throat and nose.
He pulled his hand away, relishing the strangled noise of protest that escaped Cas's throat. Dean lifted himself up and stared down at the priest, taking in his flushed skin and heaving chest, his swollen, red lips, his sweat-damp hair.
"None of that makes you 'broken', Cas," Dean says. Cas looks at him, unsure and apprehensive. "It just... it makes you
He tries not to think about the fact that if Charlie finds him, it might be in the records of a morgue rather than a hospital.
Dean frowns at the disjointed way Cas is speaking, his anger subsiding as he realizes Cas's reactions are
“Good,” he says, though ‘good’ doesn’t feel like nearly enough to cover it. He pulls Cas down so he can wrap his arms around him and bury his face in Cas’s neck. His heart is still pounding, he still feels ill.
"That's ok," Dean says. He's not surprised just how much he means it. He thinks a few years ago, he might have been, but he was younger then, and didn't know what it felt like to lose Cas over and over and over again. Younger Dean had been more interested in his next lay and finding new and exciting ways to add notches to his belt.
Cas shivers and closes his eyes briefly in relief. Dean watches for a moment, then catches himself staring and forces himself to keep talking.
Johnny's shoulders slump. He doesn't speak again, though Jordan waits with unease creeping up his spine.
Cas moaned loudly, helpless to stop the noises spilling from his throat. He thrust up into Dean's mouth, down against his probing fingers, hands white-knuckled in the sheets. Dean's name fell from his lips again and again like a prayer.
"Dean-" Cas said, regret heavy in his voice and on his face, but Dean didn't give him time to speak. He pulled Cas close and kissed him like he'd wanted to do for years.
Dean rubbed his free hand over his face. What the hell was he doing, making promises to a coma patient? Hell, he wasn't even sure if Cas wanted anything other than friendship from him. Maybe this was all one-sided. Maybe Cas would accept the offer of coffee because he simply didn't realize that by 'coffee', Dean meant 'a date', and he'd flinch when Dean tried to hold his hand.
Dean feels his face heat and he rubs a hand across it as if hoping to rub off the blush and wipe the dumbass words from his mouth.
to Dean and Sam as he was and the only way to ensure Dean's safety and to break him free from Amara's hold on him is Satan himself.
"You like that?" Dean asked, moving to Emmanuel's collarbone. "You like the idea that everyone who sees you tomorrow will know exactly what we did tonight?"
Cas doesn’t need to ask what he means. The night could have gone very differently had the demon been a little better at playing Castiel, or if Dean had given in to ‘Castiel’s’ advances. Cas gives a brief shudder at the idea of the revelation the morning after, too late to save either of them.
"Yeah, it..." Dean clears his throat again and surreptitiously glances down the hall. "Can I come in?"
In two strides, Dean crossed the room and seized the front of Cas's robes. Cas didn't protest, too surprised to move, as Dean shoved him up against the wall and leaned in.
Cas turned the radio on and set it on a folded towel inside the dry sink. The sound was more static than music, but Cas didn't feel like fiddling with the dials until he got a clearly audible radio station. The white noise would do just as well.
." His mind is reeling like he'd been concussed. His brain is tripping over itself trying to figure out where the
He understands. He can neither forgive, nor forget, only try to move forward despite inevitable backslides. He still has his life, at least, and Sam and Dean besides.
Dean looked at Cas, half-certain he'd be greeted by a disgusted expression and a firm denial, knowing it would break him if that was the case, but Cas's expression was naked surprise and fear, and just as damning as if he'd confirmed it aloud.
Sam and Kevin both perk up, momentarily distracted from research as Dean swipes his thumb over the lock screen.
Castiel opened his eyes slowly, painfully. The room swam into view; standard hospital room, all sterilized white and tile. Cas didn't care. The room wasn't important.
"Morning," Sam replies gently. He's using that voice, the 'it's time to talk about our Feelings' voice Dean absolutely hates.
It feels like a small eternity later when the blows finally stop and Cas tries to catch his breath, in pain from a hundred injuries he doesn't remember receving and many more he does.
Sam looks at Dean for a moment, then nods, tightening his jaw like he's made a decision. He rubs at his eyes and nods again, quicker this time.
Dean refused to hide Emmanuel away. He wasn't about to lock Em up in a country house with servants paid for their silence and visit every few weeks while someone he didn't know and didn't even care for shared his bed.
After a moment, with the car truly out of sight, the man turned to Cas. Up close, Cas could see that the man was likely young; he had no facial hair at all, not even a hint of stubble.
Castiel should have expected it. At the very least, he should have been prepared for the possibility, but the truth is this; it hadn’t even occurred to him.
"I-" Cas starts, but he's coughing again, wet and painful. Jordan pulls him away from the wall and Cas stumbles, almost falling flat on his face were it not for Jordan's hand on his shoulder.
"Em, there's nothing wrong with being an omega," he said, trying to sound reassuring. "You don't need to be ashamed-"
"And you truly believe that me being an omega changes nothing?" Emmanuel asked, voice carefully neutral. He was still breathing heavily, but that was the only sign of the emotional outburst just moments before.
"Dean, what is it?" he asks, though he has an idea. Dean doesn’t tug his wrist away, but he tenses as though he’d dearly like to.
It didn't help with his exhaustion, either, the fatigue that made him wish he could simply curl up in his chair and fall asleep.
. Jordan still wasn't entirely sure if Johnny had been kicked out or if he'd left, but either way circumstances had changed.
"I'm Jordan," he said. Cas reached to shake Jordan's hand and abruptly realized that he'd never come up with an alias.
Cas knows what's happening now. He feels sick, chilled to the bone and he can't tell if the feelings stem from the memory or his current consciousness.
"I'm sorry for whatever it was I said that made you think- anything that made you feel unloved," Dean says. He can think of a shameful number of things he'd said that might fit the category, everything from "you can't stay" to "you're dead to me", and the guilt crawls up his throat again, almost choking off his words. "Because that's not true. I should have told you before, shouldn't just have assumed you knew and... and didn't want it."
Cas stands up abruptly, nearly knocking over his chair in the process. He makes an aborted move to grab it, then pulls his hand back, ducks his head, and makes a beeline for the door. His usual grace is completely absent and it's a miracle he doesn't bump into anyone in his haste to leave, practically body-slamming the door before wrenching it open and disappearing into the night.
"'Pride month'?" Cas echoed, squinting at the sign. Sam nodded, unperturbed and pointedly ignoring Dean's stony silence and crossed arms.
"Thank you," Emmanuel said, voice thick. He cleared his throat and made as if to push away, turning from Dean and the plate of fruits and cheeses.
"Or you’ll… what?" the demon purrs, squeezing Dean’s trapped wrists to emphasize his point. "Besides, I rather happen to like this meatsuit. You do too, don’t you,
The first name on the list - Bobby - is a bust, number disconnected. Jordan goes to dial the second person on the list and hesitates.
Dean pulls back, his heart tight in his chest. Cas is staring at him in wide-eyed shock, lips slightly parted and damp with Dean's saliva.
The uncertainty doesn’t leave Dean’s expression, though it does melt somewhat. He covers the demon’s hand with his own, but doesn’t pull it from his face.
"No," he says, eyes fixed on the TV where Bugs Bunny is running circles around Yosemite Sam. Dean grabs a few granola bars anyway and a bottle of Gatorade. He sets them all on the bedside table, within easy reach of Cas should he change his mind, and opens one of the granola bars for himself.
But he couldn't abandon his country either. He'd never be able to set foot inside Kanaan again, let alone Lawrens. He'd never see Sam or Benny or his mother again.
In just a few short minutes, Dean felt his orgasm wash over him. He shuddered above Cas's body and gave a long, low moan of Cas's name.  As Dean had done for him, Cas kept working him through his peak, stroking gently until Dean was completely spent.
He's rooted to the spot, forced to bear witness as the lights crash to Earth and abruptly vanish. He can't turn away until the memory releases him, so he stands there, and knowing what happens after does nothing to assuage his guilt at being the cause of Heaven's downfall.
Dean wanted him. He wanted Cas so badly he could hardly stand it, to be this close and still not close enough.
"I... wow, Cas, that's-" Sam said, apparently at a loss for words. Dean could sympathize. He could also aleady see the cogs in his nerd brother's head turning, a billion questions about angels and angel sexuality forming on his tongue.
Hannah approached the prince's chamber door, holding his usual breakfast tray in her hands; whatever fruit was freshest, bread, and some jam from the castle's stores. She hesitated before knocking on the door.
Most of all, he tries not to think about Dean. He tries not to think of Dean's eyes, green and bright and
"Were you ever gonna tell me?" he asked. He didn't know what he was asking about. Cas being back in Heaven, where he belonged? The 'I love you'? Both? Neither?
want to have sex more often?” he asks. Cas hesitates, which may as well be a neon sign spelling out his answer.
"A man's got needs," Dean says, raising his eyebrows suggestively. He makes a show of lifting up the closest side of the laptop, checking beneath it. "And ah... we might have a little
And if he puts a little more emphasis on 'sex' than necessary, well... he's sure Cas gets his meaning.
Dean took full advantage, marking up as much of Em's neck as he could reach. He wanted the marks to last, wanted to be able to look at Emmanuel in two or three days and still see his touch on Em's skin.
Nothing moves here. It's just a featureless black void as far as Dean can see, but he refuses to let that deter him. He'd known, more or less, what he was getting into when he begged Jack for a favor.
"But I..." Cas says. His voice trails off and he shakes his head, doubt slithering back in. Dean's hands clench into fists and he strives for calm, because the last thing he wants is for Cas to mistake the direction of his sudden loathing.
Dean's voice choked, words dying in his throat, as Cas's hand gently smoothed over the horn. There was no fear in Cas's eyes now, just fascination.
Dean, exhausted from the stress of the day and the long drive, had suggested they crash at a motel for a few hours. The demon, of course, had agreed sweetly, gloating quietly to Castiel how
"I mean if it makes you more comfortable, go for it, but maybe we could find something else? Peppermint is just so harsh, and it gave you that headache, and if we're looking for alpha scents this has got to be the place to be. I mean, with Gilda and the-" Dean waved vaguely at his chest as if to indicate a brooch.
Dean ties his robe around himself as he walks down the hall towards the kitchen. It's late and if he wants a damn glass of warm milk to help him sleep, he figures he's more than entitled.
"I don’t want to shower right now," the demon says. Castiel’s voice sounds odd to his own ears, and he realizes it’s because his voice is heavy with the promise of
He stripped himself slowly and climbed into the tub. The water was lukewarm, a few degrees above room temperature, and the tub was much, much smaller than the cast iron tubs of the palace, the ones large enough to stretch out in and took five men to lift and several cauldrons to fill. The tub the inn had provided was half a man's height and twice as wide, just big enough to sit comfortably in if you didn't mind your knees poking out above the surface of the water.
"Nobody is hiring any hookers," Dean says firmly. In the mirror, he can see Cas's shoulders drop in relief. "We'll keep the room an extra day and then head home."
Naomi's office was cold, at least in appearance. The floor and fireplace were pale stone and there were no rugs nor tapestries to make the place more inviting. There was simply a desk of honey oak and a shelf with books of law, both immaculately kept. The fireplace was free of soot and had only the barest traces of ash from the wood currently burning behind the wrought-iron grate.
And a small, viciously primal part of him wanted to leave his mark on Emmanuel's body, inside and out. To make this a night Em would never forget, to show him how good two bodies together could feel.
Castiel's head hurt, like it had in the early days before he'd gotten used to his need for water, but sipping at his drink only seemed to make the nausea worse.
The former angel opens his eyes and looks at Dean. The pupils are dilated, the eyes glassy. Dean turns away just long enough to wring out a rag, his heart aching.
Then he thinks of Dean as he was two weeks ago, whispering "please don't go" sweetly against Cas's ear. He thinks of his bedroom in the bunker, the crisp cotton sheets and the wildlife photographs on the wall.
Cas frowns, head tilted in a way that Dean has always found endearing. He aches, pain lancing through him at the sight.
"I'm in love with you," Cas said, not looking at Dean. The priest's head was bowed, his hand resting lightly on the Bible he kept on top of his nightstand. "I thought you should know. If you truly intend to leave-"
The priest with the name of an angel, and wasn't that fucking rich? A demon trying to tempt an angel; surely Dean had been doomed to fail from the start.
"And my son's bodyguard and maid? They couldn't have been ignorant of this," Naomi said. She walked towards the window and looks down.
Even Balthazar being a knight and minor nobility in his own right wouldn't protect him if Naomi claimed treason. Nobody would protest the hanging or beheading of a traitor to the Crown.
Castiel sighed and set his book down, not bothering to mark the page. He supposed if he ever became truly desperate for entertainment he could either find it again or start the book over.
The nightstand between the two beds in the room is covered with bullets ready to be turned into salt rounds and, more importantly, the salt itself. Cas grabs the bag of rock salt and slings it like a sack over his shoulder. He hesitates only a moment before grabbing Dean's gun as well. He's not a marksman by any stretch of the imagination, but Dean had been teaching him to shoot and even Cas can hit a target from a few feet away.
Dean's so lost in his spiralling thoughts he doesn't notice Sam leave. He doesn't notice the contemplative look Cas gives him, or the soft smile on Cas's lips.
Castiel was silent. Gilda, having made her point, didn't press him to talk as they waited for Dean and Charlie to return.
Dean distracts himself with finding the TV remote and the TV Guide. Talking might not be the best distraction, but everyone loves cartoons when they're laid up. Cas is quiet, though Dean can still feel the former angel's eyes on him.
“Dean…” Cas says, voice unconvinced and heavy. Dean takes a deep, shuddering breath and digs deeper.
. He breathes in. "I'm not like you. Even before April, I felt broken. I just... I used to think, maybe..." His voice trails off and he looks at Dean pleadingly.
," Dean all but snarled, suddenly furious. Cas couldn't love him, Cas didn't know the first thing about him. Fate was a cruel bitch, dangling this carrot in front of him when it would damn Cas's soul if Dean took it.
"I'm John," he said. Like the Apostle, brother of James, beloved of his Lord. Like the Winchester patriarch, the man who should have safeguarded his sons but failed. Like the nameless men whose unclaimed bodies rested in morgues and hospital beds.
While in the tavern, he'd also been doing his damn best not to think about Emmanuel naked and wet up in their room.
“No,” Cas says immediately. “Of course not, I wouldn’t-” He pauses, briefly panicked and lost for words when he realizes that the conversation they’ve been having proves that
"Cas," Dean breathed, standing up slowly from his chair. Cas watched him, a small, uncertain smile on his face and sadness pulling at the corners of his eyes.
Dare Dean hope that Cas's fingers would interlock with his, or that Cas would lean in to meet him halfway as Dean bent to kiss him? Hope was a thorny, painful thing that usually ended in misery. Dean tried to avoid hoping, but he couldn't seem to do it this time. There was something in the way Cas looked at him, something about the intense staring and these
"Go lie down, I'm gonna see if I have any of that cough medicine from last year," Jordan says, gently pushing Cas towards his bed. Cas nods, wincing at the pounding of his head, and makes his way to the stack of cardboard that has been his 'bed' for two weeks.
"It wasn't lust," Cas repeats softly. "I just wanted to be close to you. I wanted every form of intimacy you were willing to offer me."
"You ok?" Jordan asks weakly. He knows it's a stupid question; he can see the answer is 'like shit', but he doesn't know what to do.
He almost doesn't notice when they park. He only realizes where they are when Dean opens the car door.
Cas's touch was tentative and unsure to begin, but firmed as Cas grew in confidence. Dean couldn't help the way his hips rocked into the caress, needy moans and whispers of encouragement pouring from his mouth.
But he isn't. Cas melts into Dean's kiss like he was born for it, warm and real and responsive, and Dean feels almost weak with the sudden rush of exhilaration and relief that suffuses him.
"You're in love with me," Cas says softly. Dean flinches. "Not the love you have for Sam, but... you love me as Adam loved Eve. As Jonathan loved David."
The former angel seems so small in the hoodie he'd borrowed from Sam to cover up the bloodstains on his T-shirt. His head is bowed and Dean can see the slightest tremor of his shoulders.
Dean didn't dare move. He watched as Cas's eyes flickered beneath their heavy lids, felt as Cas's hand flexed weakly in his grip, stared wordlessly as Cas began to wake up.
"I should have!" Cas snarls, so savagely that Dean draws back, shocked. The vehemence of his statement seems to surprise even Cas, because Cas goes still too, an apology in his eyes.
The air between them is charged. It practically crackles with energy, untapped potential and the promise of
He just needs hot water, soap, and a rag coarse enough to scrub the sensation of touch from his skin.
Dean kissed him. He kissed him like he could find his redemption in Cas's mouth, like he could drink salvation from Cas's lips.
"I could have done something, Dean, I could have said 'no'. She-" Cas's voice breaks off and he's pacing the room like a trapped animal. "She had no control, and I-"
"Don’t," Dean says. "We’ll worry about all that shit later." There’s an undercurrent of hurt in his voice, along with some still-lingering anger at how it was they parted, but when Dean looks at him again and smiles, it’s genuine. "It’s just… damn, it’s good to see you."
"Cas, come on, wait a minute!" he says, fear creeping in along the worry. He's never seen Cas like this, not in all the years he's known him, and it's driving him crazy that he can't help, in fact only seems to be making it worse. Desperate, he tries reason. "I've got the room key. What were you going to do, sleep outside?"
"I will," Jordan promises. There's momentary silence on the other line, then a very quiet, sincere 'thank you'.
it. Maybe that makes you a better person than me, or maybe I'm just a selfish sonofabitch, but for me? That would never be enough," Dean says. His hands tighten around Castiel's as though drawing strength from the connection. "As good as it is to be known, to just... be yourself, without worrying about who might see, what they might think, to
After what feels like seconds (and an eternity), the choking, burning presence is gone. Cas inhales, and it’s
Dean looks up and sees Cas in the doorway. He looks a bit like a drowned kitten, hair all wet and plastered to his skin. He's got a towel around his shoulders and he'd changed into clean pajamas; thin grey pants and an old T-shirt Dean had given him a few months ago. He's shivering from the cold.
"Where will you sleep?" Cas asks. His voice is rough but steady and Dean internally relaxes. He shakes his head and holds up his book.
"I'll leave if you want me to," Dean says, not looking at Cas. "Just... you shouldn't have to go through this alone."
Em writhed, one hand gripping the blankets beneath him, the other clawing at the top of Dean's head. His thighs flexed against Dean's shoulders, trying to draw him closer, press him harder into Em's body.
"What," Dean asked. Cas looked at him with the saddest, most resigned expression Dean had ever seen.
One more bob of Dean's head, just as his fingers brushed the furled entrance to Cas's body, and Cas was coming.
The demon presses his mouth to Dean’s palm, never breaking eye contact with the hunter. Dean’s pupils dilate and his lips part, tongue coming out to lick at them. Dean doesn’t pull his hand away, not even when the demon trails his mouth down to Dean’s wrist.
"Are you?" Cas asks. Dean looks away. He wants to say that he was born ready, but the words won't come.
"Not for long," he says. Dean can see a faint sheen of sweat already starting to form on Cas's forehead. Dean steps back and jerks his head towards Cas's bed.
"You're gonna be the death of me," Dean said, slipping his finger out just enough to start the process over with two. Em whined, trembling as Dean opened him up by increments, spreading his fingers and drawing them out slowly, only to bring them together and plunge them back in.
"Cas," Sam exhales in relief. Dean doesn't bother with words, just marches over the salt line and pulls Cas into a bone-crushing hug. After a moment of shocked stillness, Cas relaxes into it and hesitantly brings his arms up to wrap around Dean.
Gilda's words from that afternoon had haunted him the rest of the day. He'd thought about it while he and Dean had wandered around the last unseen tents, the ones whose owners had been unlucky enough to arrive late and were only able to find space down narrow streets off the main square. He'd thought about it while he and Dean had eaten dinner; one that Castiel had insisted on paying for, given how their morning had started.
"The famous spanner in the works." Naomi's voice, this time. Cas looks up, straining against the manacles that keep him bound to the chair, but he's helpless to do anything as she lowers one of her many 'reprogramming' tools. Cas screams, his brain going white-hot with pain as the process begins.
"Sorry," the young man said in a way that indicated he wasn't sorry in the least. He crossed his arms over his chest. "But if you're hooking, don't do it here. That's what Fifth Street is for, so all the scumbags who-"
"Good?" Dean asked, barely able to get the word out. Em nodded, breathing deep and visibly forcing himself to relax.
"Don't leave," Dean suddenly blurts. With that out there, the words start to pour out. "Just stay here and we'll figure it out, I swear I would never do anything- I wouldn't, I won't, we can get different rooms on hunts and- anything to make you feel safer, but I promise I won't- I don't expect anything. Not a damn thing just... Stay. Please."
"It doesn't make you feel..." Cas's voice trails off and he runs his hand up his arm. Dean feels the lump in his throat swell, his mind perfectly recalling the broken sound of Cas's voice that night in the motel room.
Even if Johnny doesn't want help, he needs it, and Jordan is going to make sure he gets it. There has to be at least one number programmed into his phone that Jordan can call and get help, even if he has to go through the entire fucking contact list.
It's Cas who closes the last of the distance between them, shifting forward in his seat and slotting his mouth against Dean's. Dean melts and relaxes, leaving control of the kiss in Cas's hands.
"You close?" Dean asked, reaching underneath their joined bodies to find Em's now fully erect cock. He stroked Em in time with his thrusts, hoping to bring them over that edge together and knowing his own peak was fast approaching.
Dean glances around the room as the door shuts behind them, as if maybe the words to say are written somewhere on the peeling wallpaper. They're not, of course, and Dean scratches his head as Cas heads for the bathroom.
Cas shifts and lets out a harsh breath through his teeth, one hand dropping to press low on his abdomen. Dean starts forward, brow furrowed in concern as his gaze drops. He didn't think Cas had been injured besides the venom, but-
The silence is loud, oppressive. Cas can feel his heart pounding, the pieces slowly coming together to form a picture he never imagined possible. One he had never dared let himself hope for.
Castiel was almost certain his heart had stopped, except he could hear it pounding in his ears. He felt suddenly dizzy, numb fingers releasing the jar of peppermint.
"The market's already in full swing, if you want to walk through there again today," Dean said, scooping up some of the eggs with a slice of the toast. If he found Castiel's silent staring odd, he didn't seem at all perturbed by it. He took a big bite of his breakfast and chewed, still looking at Cas the same way he had yesterday.
"Does that still... I thought Elysium made that illegal," Dean said hoarsely. Emmanuel smiled bitterly.
Cas gets dressed in a daze, barely feeling the softness of the cotton and denim as he covers himself, yet acutely aware of each piece of clothing he pulls on. It feels like armor and every inch of skin he covers makes him that much safer, that much less vulnerable.
"I mean... I do, okay? I really do, but not if it's... not something you want," Dean finds it hard to speak and turns his head away. He can't look at Cas while he says this. "I wouldn't-"
"Do you... can we help?" Hannah asked carefully, her voice low. Castiel gaped at her blankly for a moment as the implications sank in.
Cas stops walking and stares up at the building, somewhat stunned to have arrived already. The walk felt long and yet far too short; he didn't even know what to say, how to begin approaching April's ghost to pacify her.
that the people important to you accept you as you are... wanting something you know you can't have still hurts."
"He's been in there a long time," Sam says carefully, like there's something he wants to say but isn't sure he should.
"I'm sorry, Cas," Dean said, voice hoarse and just above a whisper. He should have told Cas to stay behind, should have
"Patience," Dean said, kissing a small mole right next to one of Em's nipples. "It'll be worth it, I promise. Just trust me."
"Yeah. When the angels fell, he must have too, right?" he said. "So we'll help you look. Track him down."
Dean doesn't think he'll ever really be free of it. He knows he's just shoved the memories to the back of his mind and ignored them, not really dealt with any of it, but there are some things he'd take with him to his final rest. Some things he couldn't even think about, much less talk about.
He feels lighter than he has in months. There's a calm inside him he didn't realize he was missing until now, something that almost feels like atonement.
It doesn't mean it doesn't worry the fuck out of him that Cas has been in the shower for hours and hasn't come out.
At least then, he would have a few years to get used to the idea. But this wasn't some distant possiblility, this was concrete and
- voice, but it's Metatron who leans over him now, angel blade held carefully to his throat. Cas feels the blade cut and his Grace drains from him. Cas can only stare as Metatron holds up the tiny vial containing everything that had once made Cas an angel, and Cas feels its loss more keenly than the cut on his neck.
He'd seen the way she looked at him. He couldn't miss it, not with her ghost trying to choke the life out of him. Cas knows that anger, that pain and that fear.
Cas sees movement out of the corner of his eye. A flash of hunter green, the sound of sturdy boots striking the ground.
"No, you, ah... not your kind of thing, Em, we'll be right back," Dean said over his shoulder, and they vanished into the crowd.
Dean had been avoiding his younger brother ever since the Succubus Incident (as he'd taken to calling it). After Cas had recovered and the immediate danger was passed, all Dean had been able to think about was what Sam had said. What Sam
"You ready?" Dean asks, voice barely above a whisper. They're hiding in one of the offices, hidden from view behind a desk, but he can hear one of the scout groups approaching. The voices of the demons are loud and mocking, their footsteps echoing in the hallway as they search the floor.
"Cas," he says, and his voice is thick with emotion. "There's something I- that I've been meaning to tell you. For a long time now, but I was... I was scared."
"Thank you, Castiel," April says quietly. Her body begins to glow white, motes of bright light beginning to emanate from her ghostly form. "Goodbye."
On Jordan's recommendation, seconded by their waitress, Cas had ordered the chicken quesadillas. They had smelled appetizing enough when they'd arrived at the table and Castiel had dug in despite still not feeling hungry.
"Oh," Dean says, glancing away. He opens his mouth, closes it again, shakes his head. He feels immediately out of his depth, a lump forming in his throat as he fully parses the question.
Cas understands, so he runs. He runs through Purgatory, feeling himself watched by dozens of pairs of malicious eyes. The branches of the trees are like grasping hands, reaching out to him to snag and tear at his clothing.
He's never kissed Cas. Never seen the face Cas makes when he comes. Never woken up next to him, or taken him to a nice restaurant, or slipped a ring on his finger.
"Cas will tell you if he wants to, but-" He catches Sam's eyes, voice deep and serious, even around the lump in his throat. "-
So Dean keeps walking. He can't see the ground beneath his feet, but he can feel it there, and he supposes it doesn't matter if he can see it or not. It's not like there's road signs in the Empty, or handy trail markers pointing the way.
The demon pitches his voice high and desperate, pleading. Dean wavers, just for a moment, but the demon notices.
"Come on, buddy, let's get you inside," Dean says gently. Cas nods, still not meeting Dean's eyes, and exits the car. Dean follows suit, locking the Impala almost as an afterthought as he hurries to catch up with Cas.
Dean sighs and rolls over onto his back, looking up at the ceiling. Cas has some kind of obsession with being perfectly clean. His showers are frequent and long, longer than they have any right to be given that Dean's pretty sure he's not jacking himself off in there. The first few times Dean had made joking comments about his love for long showers, Cas had stormed off and disappeared for hours.
Cas would ask that. Of course he wouldn't know that no, there's a huge goddamn difference, even if the mechanics are the same.
'Survivors', not 'victims'. Part of Dean grimly appreciates the distinction, the strength inherent in the word. 'Victim' isn't a word he's comfortable associating with Cas; a 'victim' is a dead body in the morgue, it's scraps of meat scattered along a forest floor. A 'victim' is someone who didn't make it out.
The few times he had, though, had been unimaginably blissful. And the thought of tying off with Em...
"I'm also not sitting and staring at walls," Dean replies, raising an eyebrow. Cas sighs and looks away again. Dean settles himself in his chair as if for a long wait, even though it's after midnight and all he really wants to do is go back to bed and actually sleep, without thoughts of what-cannot-be plaguing him.
But if she was just a human and meant him no ill... unbidden, he remembered Daphne. She'd taken him in and clothed him and given him her spare room to sleep in, spreading the story about being his wife only when her neighbors started asking questions about the amnesiac with no family.
"You too!" Jordan replies, already turning to venture into the library proper. It's early in the day yet, so there aren't many people among the stacks, which suits Jordan just fine. He navigates the Adult Fiction section expertly and finds an outlet in a cozy little back corner. He plugs the phone in immediately and watches as the screen flickers to life.
"How you holding up, Cas?" Dean asks, glancing in the rearview mirror. Cas's expression is strained, his cheeks flushed, jaw set.
Cas's broken smile fades, the fragile veneer of earnestness in his expression cracking. He blinks and there's something lucid in his gaze now.
"I'm fine," Cas replies tightly. He winces as the car goes over a pothole, letting out a harsh breath through gritted teeth. Dean swears mentally and focuses back on the road. They're not far from the motel.
A burden shared is a burden halved, or so the saying goes. Dean's just glad that he can help carry the weight.
"It's nothing," Cas says, but his face has gone pale and he won't look Dean in the eye. "I have to go."
Some of those alphas, particularly the royal ones with great wealth or power, Naomi had practically thrown him at as though he were simply a piece of bait with which she hoped to catch a spectacular fish.
It was ridiculous, he'd only known the guy a week. They hadn't even really gone on a date, even if there had been one night Dean and Cas had gone to the
Dean kept his pace slow, even as anticipation thrummed through his blood. He pressed inwards, gently, just enough to tease the tight ring of muscle into almost giving but not quite, then drew back to run his slick fingers over the sensitive skin behind Em's balls.
"Agents?" the landlady says, concerned, and Sam is looking around the small apartment with dawning comprehension.
Still, with only three names in Johnny's contacts, and one of those already disconnected, Jordan doesn't have a choice. He steels himself and hits 'call'. He brings the phone to his ear and listens as the phone dials. He hears it ring once, twi-
"The key, please," Cas asks. He's doing that thing where he's not looking at Dean again. Dean swallows thickly. He hesitates.
The attendant sits alone at her desk flipping through a magazine, hair pulled back in a sensible bun. At the sound of his footsteps, she looks up and smiles.
“I want you,” Dean says honestly. “I could have you once a night and twice on the weekends and I’d still want you.” He clears his throat. “But I don’t need it.”
," Cas said, wounded. Dean stared at Sam, trying to process what he'd just heard, mouth open in shock.
Cas throws aside Dean's hand and yells at him to go. The portal closes on Dean's shocked face and winks out of existence, trapping Castiel forever in Purgatory.
," Cas gasped out by way of answer, his hips rocking instinctively into the motions of Dean's hand. This was about to come to an end far too fast for Dean's taste. Even if they couldn't do everything Dean so badly wanted to tonight, he didn't want the night to end here.
The hand is still on his shoulder, gripping it tight. Cas looks up and his eyes meet a pair of beautifully familiar green looking worriedly back at him.
is a tug in his gut, a sense of 'this way, this way'. Dean lets that feeling lead him and doesn't let himself think about what will happen if that tug isn't leading him where he wants to go. Where he
"Are you sure about this, Cas?" Dean asked. He could feel the priest's hands snake beneath his shirt, curiously seeking skin. Dean groaned as a hot palm smoothed over the muscles of his back. "If you change your mind-"
Jordan is a young man, only nineteen, but his brown eyes reflect an older kind of wisdom. His blond hair is kept short in messy chunks with a pocketknife, and his layers of clothes are loose but well-kept, given his circumstances.
Dean shifts forward again, the hand not currently holding Cas's coming up to cup his cheek. Cas breathes in.
"April?" he calls out. He looks around the apartment, eyes skating over the couch, the entrance to the kitchen, the darkened bedroom door-
"I- yes," he said. Dean looked at his plate, obviously thinking hard about something. Cas didn't dare move, feeling the tension drawn taut, like a bowstring seconds before release.
"Mother has to approve all my reading material to make sure there's nothing that might possibly upset my 'delicate omega sensibilities'," Cas said. "I just don't know how she keeps finding these."
"Dean-" Sam says, but it's drowned out by the sound of Dean knocking on the bathroom door. He's not quite pounding on the door, but it's a near thing.
By silent agreement, they haven't kissed in front of Sam. Neither of them are quite ready for this delicate new thing between them to be put to scrutiny.
"You may be a demon, but that doesn't mean you're not a good man," Cas said, gaze moving from Dean's horns back to his eyes. The darkness he found there didn't seem to bother him, for he continued. "I've watched you this past year, Dean. I've seen how you are with the children and with the other parishioners. There is no evil here."
Somehow, that hurt worse than the hypothetical idea of Cas one day meeting some girl and settling down. At least then, Dean could tell himself that he didn't have the right equipment or whatever for Cas to want him back.
Cas takes a deep breath and picks up the bag of salt. He walks into the building for the second time that day and shuts and locks the door behind him.
Dean groaned. He raised himself up to his knees, straddling Cas, and reached down to hurriedly open up his jeans. He braced himself with one arm, face buried in Cas's neck, and efficiently freed himself.
"Bossy, bossy," Dean said, though he couldn't have minded less. He lined himself up properly this time and then slowly, slowly pressed inside.
Em drew in a gasping breath, back arching against the solidness of Dean's body as Dean pushed in and in and
“What is it?” Dean asks quietly. Cas is lying half on top of him, head pillowed on Dean’s chest and leg thrown over Dean’s. It’s one of their preferred sleeping positions on those nights when one of them doesn’t need to be cradled by the other’s body.
Castiel studied him closely, looking for any sign that Dean knew, but saw nothing. There was no condescension, nor any sign that Dean was offended that Castiel had dared meet his gaze directly.
"Or something," Sam says. The word 'something' is heavy and dark with meaning that Dean knows he can parse if he really thinks about it.
Cas inhales again. The scent of cheap soap and oil and old leather soaks into his lungs. Without conscious thought, his own arms come up behind Dean’s back and wrap around him. Cas closes his eyes and lets himself have this moment on the dirty floor of a cheap motel, a moment he’d denied himself in Purgatory.
The other man was quiet for a moment, then he sighed and fully turned to face Cas. He stuck out his hand.
Cas runs a hand over his face. He's sweating, though he doesn't feel warm. He can taste the salt residue on his hand.
He's shaking, he realizes. He's shaking and he's breathing heavy and the wetness on his face isn't just shower water. He hasn't broken down this badly in months, and even though he knows what caused it, he hates himself for the weakness.
"Gilda was given the day off to enjoy the market festival, so Chuck let me go so I could spend the day with her," Charlie said. Gilda gave her girlfriend such a soft, appreciative look that Cas felt warmed himself.
The words make no sense, but Cas can't think on it as Dean throws him into a bookcase. It rocks with the force of the blow and knocks the wind out of him, but he's left no time to recover as Dean comes after him again, slamming his fist into Cas's face.
"Me, too," he said. He fell silent, not sure what to say. Em looked towards the window, shifting his weight from foot to foot.
He grabs Cas's duffle and heads back to the bathroom. Seeing the door still closed and hearing the shower running, Dean knocks.
"I'd hoped to," Em said, expression turning into something soft and warm and somehow nervous. Dean frowned, wondering at the strange answer and the even stranger tension he could feel in the air, but before he could speak, Em glanced down towards the hand still holding the grapes.
But it is just a building. And he can handle the memories. He has a journal at the bunker filled with them.
"'Never wanted', Cas?" Dean asked, pressing his open mouth to the skin above Cas's rapidly beating heart. Dean could taste Cas's heartbeat on his tongue and he took a moment to worship it, offering it kisses and silent devotion if that heart would just continue to beat for another thousand years of this.
Dean stops for a moment, hoping to hear a familiar flap of wings, or see a flash of tan coat, but nothing.
"If you could do that night over, knowing that I was there, that I-" She shakes her head, ghostly tears pouring down her cheeks. "Would you make a different choice?"
"Yeah, he does," Sam says. Dean gives him a half-smile and nods, clapping him on the shoulder. If his own eyes are a little red, Sam doesn't call him on it.
The kiss breaks for Dean to let out a quiet, choked ‘haa’ and then they’re kissing again, Dean’s arms wrapping around Cas and cradling him. Cas finds his own arms around Dean’s neck. The sensory overload is overwhelming and Cas doesn’t notice the kiss turn heated, too wrapped up in the sensation of DeanDean
"Yes," Em said. He squirmed as Dean moved down further, sucking and mouthing at his nipples, teasing them with light brushes of his lips and blowing gently to send a shiver through Emmanuel's whole body. "Dean,
"I love you," Cas said. The back of Cas's knees hit the mattress and he sank down, pulling Dean with him. Dean let out a low 'oof' as he caught himself. Cas chuckled breathlessly, nervous and elated, as they adjusted themselves. Once Cas was on his back with his head on his pillow and Dean above him, hips to hips and arms bracketing Cas's head, they kissed again.
"Just gotta get myself nice and slippery for you," Dean said in his ear, feeling the effect his words had on his lover. "You've made all this lovely slick for me, sweetheart, let me use it to make things good for you."
"I'm angry that the second I presented, all my decisions were made for me. I'm angry that once it was obvious I could
sympathy. He's fine. Everything is fine. Cas has fucked off God-knows-where, but that's hardly new and unusual for him, isn't it?
Dean didn't waste brainpower on trying to figure out when Sam had gotten so invested in Cas's love life. His mind was far too busy running through a mental list of all the men they knew, trying to figure out who Cas's secret lover could be.
"I'm fine," Cas repeats. 'Just adjusting to humanity', he doesn't say. Adjusting to his new weaknesses, the new aches and pains, the fatigue that's been heavy in his limbs all day. Worse than usual, he thinks, though he has little basis for comparison. Adjusting to needing food and water, to moving only as quickly as his feet can carry him instead of moving fast as thought.
Years of biting his tongue and bottling up his feelings came back to bite him on the ass. He'd spent so long trying so hard not to name what he was feeling that, now that he could, now that he
He looked up across the plane of Em's body to find Em propped up on his elbows, staring at him. Dean met and held his gaze, but saw no sign of hesitation or second thoughts. Slowly, never breaking eye contact, he dragged one hand over Emmanuel's skin to finally,
"As for the- the other thing," Dean says. He takes a deep breath. "The feelings thing. You're not... wrong. But we're
Em's orgasm pulled Dean right along with him and Dean moaned something that might've been Emmanuel's name as he emptied himself inside his lover. His body kept moving on autopilot, grinding against that spot inside Em, keeping them riding that high together for as long as they could.
"Hungry?" Em asked. Dean almost growled, his blood so hot he was surprised his clothing hadn't combusted.
"Well, I don't know why the FBI would investigate an accident like this, but I'm happy to show you around!" she says, one hand tucking some of her greying hair behind her ear.
Jordan sits down beside Cas, not minding about the dirty ground of the alleyway, and leans up against the faded red brick of the building. He smiles at Cas, looking pleased as punch with himself.
He dug back into his bag for clean clothes. Clean underwear, clean jeans, a clean shirt that had once belonged to Dean. The image on the front was faded beyond recognition and there were small holes in the collar and the sleeves, but it was soft and warm and
There's still no sound, just a hesitant silence, like Cas is trying to decide to open the door. Dean closes his eyes, praying the silence isn't something worse.
"I'll be fine," he says. Dean nods and looks down. He's debating whether or not he should press for a serious answer when he hears a knock on the door.
"It was raining," Cas says again, desperate. "And I didn't want- but I couldn't, and when I found out she was-" Cas swallows. His breathing hiccups. "I wanted to apologize, tell her I was sorry, but when I see her face in my nightmares, I
"He means that someone is checking you out. Like, they're looking at you like they want to sleep with you," Sam explains at Cas's confused stare. "She's over at the bar, the one in the maroon shirt."
It's hours or years or minutes later when his next step hits tile, not grass. The open field has been replaced by a clinical white room, impossibly large, but the floor is still littered with bodies.
Castiel had no desire to be handed over to an alpha with fewer qualms about using violence to keep him in line. Or one that wanted to keep him abed and partake in his body whenever the alpha took a fancy to, one that wanted as many heirs as Castiel's body could physically produce.
"Thank you, Jordan," Cas says. Exhaustion makes his eyelids heavy and he shivers. He closes his eyes.
True to his word, Dean heads back across the room to his duffle and starts digging. He has an idea, since they've got a few more hours until Cas's body clears itself of the venom. TV was obviously not a good idea and he doesn't want to risk them both falling asleep again.
Dean had been just about to drift off to sleep, but there’s a note of hesitancy and unhappiness in Cas’s voice that Dean doesn’t like. He doesn’t want to brush Cas off with a ‘whatever it is, tell me in the morning’.
"And if I'm not?" Cas asked, the words springing to his lips unbidden. The ice in his blood was thawing, heating up, tongues of flame licking at his guts.
Dean finally pulled back, momentarily satisfied with the well-kissed redness of Emmanuel's mouth and the quiet, excited panting of his breathing. Em stared up at him, sweat damp hair stuck to his forehead and a red flush reaching almost down to his navel.
"I remember all of their names," Cas says softly. "The blood of my siblings is on my hands and I have no one to blame but myself."
"But you didn't want her to touch you," Dean says quietly, hesitant. He doesn't want to put words in Cas's mouth or upset him. His voice is hoarse with emotion and he wishes he could remain level-headed for this, that he could just
. Hard as Dean tries, the thoughts still creep in, especially late at night when he's alone in bed. Maybe it's the absence next to him he can feel like a physical thing, sometimes, or the quiet. At night, when it's just himself and there's no research to do, no food to prepare, no dishes to clean... the silence in the bunker feels like a physical weight.
If Castiel truly had no help, then that would make things easier. With nobody to feed and clothe and protect him, he would surely return with his tail between his legs. She simply couldn't take the risk that her son's stubbornness would keep him beyond her reach until after the wedding.
And, for the first time, when he thought about intimacy, he had more than just an intellectual interest in the subject.
His phone suddenly vibrates. Against his will, Dean's heart leaps and he snatches his phone from the table.
The walk there was tense and silent, Hannah and Balthazar exchanging worried looks and Castiel doing his best to keep his emotions from showing on his face.
spoken out loud. It's warm and bright and painful, all at the same time, because he knows what happens after this.
Castiel stops. Stares. Dean's hand tightens around his and Dean steps forward to stand beside him, staring up at the Entity without fear.
"Thank you," he manages to say. He turns and continues into the bathroom, heaving a sigh of relief when the door finally shuts behind him. He locks it and tests the knob.
clearly not the source of the sound, so Dean turns to look with sleepy but incredulous eyes towards Cas's bed.
He stepped forward. Hannah moved to go with him but Balthazar laid a hand on her arm. They both turned to look at the knight, surprised.
Dean glances down at their joined hands, then back to Cas, who is still close enough Dean can feel it each time Cas breathes. Dean shifts closer, hesitant, and Cas's smile only gets warmer and brighter.
"Yep. He showed up with that boy of yours not too long ago, helped him figure out what Heaven should look like with the new management." Bobby took a swig of his beer. "Gotta say, I approve."
The flat of Dean’s hand scythes out, striking the inside of each of the demon’s elbows. The demon lets out a low, surprised sound, and is already falling forward by the time Dean grabs his shirt. Dean yanks him the rest of the way in, headbutting the bridge of his nose, bloodying it.
When Cas's mouth opened beneath him, it was the sweetest thing Dean had ever tasted. Sweeter even than the honey from Cas's hives.
sensitized. The gentle slide of the soft tunic was almost too much to bear against his most intimate places, but Dean was nothing if not an attentive and caring lover. Once he was done with the back, Dean rolled Cas over and took care of the front in the same manner.
"I was worried she wouldn't accept me," Gilda said. "After all, I'm not what you'd really call a traditional omega. There are some who refuse to see me as an omega at all. Some of those have been people I cared deeply for and now no longer speak to. I worried that Charlie would be the same."
The bell over the door of the Laundromat chimes. The demon looks over and Cas has no choice but to follow his gaze. Dean stands there, looking both relieved and faintly breathless, as though he can’t believe his good fortune at having found Cas once more.
There was a woman in the driver's seat, smiling in a way that made him uneasy for no reason he could quite discern. It reminded him vaguely of Meg, all sharp edges.
It's the Entity, viscous black and radiating fury. Cas struggles to his feet, determined to put himself between it and Dean, though he knows he stands little chance.
Dean never had a chance in hell, had he? Dean was /nothing/ compared to an angel; and it had to be an angel, didn't it? If Cas had loved them- /him/, damnit- for years? What was a puny human to centuries of history with another celestial being?
"Very good," he said. Dean laughed again and kissed him some more. They exchanged lazy kisses until Cas's neck began to hurt from the awkward angle and Dean's knot finally deflated.
to tempt the untemptable priest. The priest who was celibate by nature as well as by vow, who spent his time tending the garden and the bees, who donated the honey he collected to the homeless and who kept the church door open to any who might need to find God.
"What do you want, Cas?" Dean asked, voice hoarse with desire. Cas's eyes flicked to Dean's lips and then back up. Dean's mouth went dry.
It's still strange, standing here. He still feels uncomfortable and the sight of the open bedroom doorway still gives him chills. He suspects some things always will.
Dean scrambles to his feet on the heels of that thought, practically falling on top of Cas as he reaches for his shoulder.
"Get a room for yourself tonight. One of us needs to be awake enough tomorrow to drive the Impala," Dean says, his expression daring Sam to argue. Sam only looks more confused.
He had been as cruel and cold a God as his Father before him had been. Worse, even, at least since the days of Sodom and Gomorrah. Even if the Leviathans had already been influencing him, Castiel knew it was still his fault, his hubris.
"No," Dean said. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes. He let his true nature surface, eyes going black as pitch and rams' horns growing from his forehead. His tail and claws regrew in the blink of an eye, canines sharpening to razors. "I'm really
"I used to think about it," Cas says softly, so quiet Dean almost doesn't hear it. "Sometimes. What it would be like for your hands to touch my vessel. If the acts of physical intimacy were really so pleasant, and what it might be like to experience them with you."
He thinks about the angels, sometimes, and hunting. Sometimes, he longs for the simplicity of a blade in his hand and an enemy he can kill. He wants the kind of demons he can fight and kill, not the kind that whisper to him inside his own head.
"I can, uh... figure out where she's buried," Sam says gently. "If she was buried. We can find the grave tomorrow night."
Because that's what family did, isn't it? Helped reunite one of their number with his lover? It might kill Dean to do it, but this was
"He's sick," he says. "Like, really sick. He won't go to a hospital, and I..." His voice trails off.
"Sex," Cas says. There's a heavy silence for a moment, one where that tiny, three-letter word feels like a 100-ton weight.
"So you dropped a rosary into the water system to turn it into holy water, then exorcised all of the demons in the building by using the intercom system?" Cas says.
He summons his blade and lifts it, intending to kill Dean to protect the tablet, to bring it to Naomi as instructed, but there's a spark, buried deep down inside, that won't let him.
Castiel had been curious about sex before, but he'd never found anyone he had interest in slaking his curiosity with, even or especially with the suitors his mother kept pushing at him in hopes of getting him married off to an alpha who would keep him in line. His own hands had done well enough for him during his heats, and while the sensations were pleasant enough, it had never seemed worth it to him to risk getting bonded to someone who expected his submission as a matter of course, or to someone he didn't think he could grow to love, given time.
“What, like pencil it in on Fridays? ‘Have dinner, shower, blow Dean’?” Dean asks, unable to completely keep the edge of anger from his voice. Cas looks at him, eyes narrowed and lips pursed.
"Are we talking like, full out 'Fifty Shades of Grey' kind of tied up, or...?" Dean asks. The landlady narrows her eyes suspiciously at him but Sam interjects.
Assured that he was both still hidden from angelic sight, and safe from possession, he caps the marker quietly and waits patiently for the ink to dry completely.
She worried, but had no one to share her concerns with except Balthazar. Castiel had become more withdrawn and quiet in the last month, doing little except dedicating himself to sewing and writing something he wouldn't let her see.
He listens, hoping against hope, against all evidence to the contrary, but he gets no response. All he hears is the sound of the water and the harshness of his own breathing.
When Dean and Sam get back, he'll have to talk. They'll have to decide what to do about April's ghost; Cas has no doubt that the research the Winchesters are going to do involves the location of her grave, if she was buried rather than cremated. He feels a momentary pang of gratefulness that he's not expected to help with the research, but that thought brings him back to the question he'd asked himself earlier.
, Dean!" Sam says, shaking his head and recoiling like being in the same room as Dean one second longer would burn him alive. "You'd better not get anything on my laptop!"
The demon grabs Dean’s neck and swings him around, throwing him harshly up against the same wall the demon had just been pinned to.
Dean didn't even know what words were spilling from his own mouth; it all tasted like sweet, reassuring babble as it flowed off his tongue like honey. All he knew was the sound of Emmanuel's pleasure-wrecked voice, the tight grip of his body, the smell of sweat and sex and slick.
If that ache has more to do with green eyes and caring hands than stone walls and enough warding to make the place a fortress, Cas tries not to dwell on that.
He exits the bathroom and closes the door behind himself. He can hear the shower spray through the door and see the light underneath; hopefully, this little deception will fool Sam and Dean and they'll respect his privacy enough not to try the door. There's no way for Cas to lock it from the outside.
And with that, it's just Dean and Cas again. Dean busies himself for a few minutes getting their groceries out of the bags. Sam really had gone all-out, considering this'll probably be over by tomorrow; there's two cans of tomato soup, a box of instant rice, the saltines Dean had asked for, plus granola bars that advertised 'high fiber' on the packaging. There were three bottles of Gatorade; one green, one blue, one red. Pedialyte too, plus little vitamin C packets and bottles of water.
"Dean," Cas says again, and Dean can feel the sound in his chest, hear Cas's breath against his ear. "How... why...?"
He's shivering, he notes distantly. He doesn't feel cold, though. On the contrary, he feels rather warm.
Cas can't answer him. He's coughing, sudden and fierce, and Jordan comes to stand next to him and put a comforting, worried hand on his back.
He takes one last look around the room. The dirty laundry is piled in one corner, the takeout wrappers stacked high in the trash can, and the blankets on both beds are still rucked up from last night's sleep.
There's a chill in the air, a slowly-spreading cold that Cas feels deep in his lungs. He exhales and sees the ice crystals form in the air in front of him and he
"You tried that tactic already," the demon says. He lifts his chin and smirks. "You should really hear him in here. Never thought I’d hear an angel beg, but ever since we got here, it’s been all ‘please, don’t! Stop! I don’t want this!’"
He doesn't need to ask. He already knows Charlie's search has turned up nothing. She promised she'd call immediately, and though Dean hadn't let on, she was smart enough to know what her quiet reassurances had meant.
Cas watches him warily, eyes wide and red-rimmed, like he's said his piece and is now waiting, terrified, for Dean's reaction. Dean swallows.
"Yes," Em said. Dean made a low, guttural noise of relief and began to rock his hips. He started with slow, short strokes, mindful of Em's inexperience, slowly graduating to longer, harder, faster thrusts, the slap of flesh on flesh filling the room.
Dean lets himself go limp, pretending he's still asleep while he watches Cas through slitted eyes. He doesn't want to embarrass the guy, after all, not with things still so delicate between them, despite Cas having lived with them for months now.
"We should probably cool it," Dean says, cheeks flushed lightly pink. Only then does Cas notice the heat coiling low in his belly. He nods, taking half a step backwards from Dean.
Dean shakes his head as he closes the distance between them. He stops shy of hugging Cas, but he’s close, unaware of the danger lurking beneath Castiel’s skin.
He'd been more furious at Sam's other accidental insinuations and worried about Castiel to really give any thought to Sam knowing he lo- how he felt. Right.
He's learned not to stare at passers-by, since it made people uncomfortable and more likely to avoid him instead of drop their spare change into his cup. He's learned where the best places in the city were to sit silently, places where the cops were friendly enough to vagrants and the pedestrians kind. He's learned which places sometimes had 'suspended coffee' for those who couldn't afford the drink, and which churches had free meals. He'd learned what time was best to head to the shelter for a shower and possibly some toiletries, where the public bathrooms were.
to be seduced', she'd said. 'Sweep him off his feet! Buy him a romantic dinner! Hell, just walk up and tell him 'nice boots, want to-''
, Sam, Cas can't even-" Dean's voice cuts out on him, but his message gets across. Sam thinks for a moment and then pales, mouth dropping open in a horrified 'o'.
They've all got nightmares, but Cas has some of the worst. Dean isn't sure all what he dreams about, but in centuries of life as an angel (hell, and the last few years with the Winchesters), he's got enough high octane nightmare fuel to last for a lifetime.
Dean breaks the kiss but doesn't go far. He grins at Cas, unable to contain the happiness bursting within him, and Cas responds with the most gorgeous, gummy smile Dean has ever seen.
"You sure got yourself all tangled up," Dean said, even as he worked the first of the knots loose. He let his fingers brush against the bulge beneath the laces, teasing Em just a little, just to enjoy the hitches in Em's breathing and the buck of his hips.
If he was to have any hope of getting out of this, he needed to come up with a plan and begin making preparations.
He wondered how many of them were rolling over in their graves in horror at his audacity. He'd practically attacked Dean, and Dean had simply listened to him. He'd even sympathized.
ignites in him glows brighter than the sun, brighter than the light of Heaven and a thousand times more warm. It's like an explosion centered on him and Dean and the places they touch, the places their bodies connect and the spaces in between.
"Breathe out," Dean says. The air gusts from Cas's lungs, too quickly, but Dean just leads him through another breath. And another. Again.
They had been pages together, back before Castiel had presented and his life had fallen apart. Balthazar, however, had presented as an alpha and been made a squire shortly before his fourteenth birthday. By the time he was twenty, he'd been knighted and chosen to serve as Castiel's bodyguard.
"She's chosen an alpha for me," Cas said flatly. "I am to be wed to the crown prince of Kanaan as part of the treaty."
"Like something out of of dream, isn’t it?" the demon sneers. Dean steps back, shoving at the demon’s shoulders with one hand while holding the knife up in threat. "Him on his knees for you?"
Dean's just starting to wonder if he should wake Cas up when the decision is made for him. Cas's eyes snap open and he looks wildly around the room, shirt soaked with sweat.
"How's he doing?" Sam asks quietly, almost guiltily when Dean opens the door. Dean shrugs and takes the bags.
"A notebook?" he asks. Dean nods, feeling his smile fade as he remembers just why it was he'd bought the notebook.
Dean wants to tell Sam that he's being ridiculous. Paranoid, even. Got hit one too many times in the skull by a spook.
"He always demanded tomato rice soup. Even when I could barely reach the stove I'd try to make it for him," Dean says. "Undercooked the rice the first few times I tried, but I got the hang of it eventually. Always had to be ready with ice chips or juice when his stomach could keep it down, had to tuck him in and read to him... though when he got a little older, he'd make me read his textbooks out to him so he could study even while he was sick."
Dean's at the door in an instant, trying the knob and finding it, of course, locked. The movement inside the bathroom stills.
The drive back to the motel goes by in a blur. The sensations of touch have faded to an all-encompassing numb, oilslick feel across his skin. He supposes it's the shock.
He'd told Dean that he needed some time alone to bathe properly and Dean had raised no objections to staying in the tavern downstairs for a while so Castiel could wash in peace. While the bath part was true, Cas also wanted a minute alone to collect his thoughts.
and suddenly you’re coming onto me like we’re at the beginning of a bad porno? If I hadn’t wanted it so badly, I would’ve seen right through it.” He swallows. “I should’ve anyway.”
"So were you," Dean shoots back, because he's not willing to back down from this, even though guilt briefly cuts through the anger. He swallows. "Look, what happened to her- to both of you - was awful. Believe me, I know." He shakes his head. "But you didn't make her a victim, Cas. The reaper did that."
Emmanuel spread his legs, welcoming Dean closer, and Dean was nothing if not greedy. He crowded in, skimming his hands over every bit of skin he could reach in languid, unhurried strokes. He resisted the urge to reach down between their bodies and take Emmanuel in hand, not wanting things to be over so soon and not wanting to overwhelm the other man.
"Still good?" he asked. Em nodded and spread his legs wider, looking over his shoulder just long enough to speak.
He swallowed, suddenly short of breath. He'd never dared say any of that out loud unless in jest, unless he knew those listening wouldn't take him seriously. It was easier to make his father's disapproval a joke than to deal with it head on, to bury the hurt beneath a carefree smile and a laugh.
He didn't need to hear it from Cas too. Especially not Cas. Dean didn't think he could take a dispassionate, matter-of-fact 'well yes, it was Adam and Eve after all, not Adam and Steve' from
Cas thinks he would rather be physically tortured than to go through all of his worst moments for the rest of eternity. Pain he can handle, which he bitterly supposes is
The demon abruptly releases his hold and Dean goes stumbling back, the backs of his knees hitting the bed behind him. Dean curses, but doesn’t lose his balance and manages to rally before the demon gets to his feet. Dean brings the knife up, breathing heavily, and both of them go still. It’s a stalemate, each searching the other for a weakness to exploit. In such cramped quarters, a wrong move could mean a loss.
He needs time and space and safety to process everything that had happened, starting with the Fall and culminating in the night before. He needs familiar walls and familiar faces, hot showers and hot food.
Jordan couldn't return home. Cas knew the feeling, even if Heaven had stopped feeling like 'home' a long time ago. Cas had a place he could return to, a place he might even be welcomed, if his last call to Dean was anything to judge by.
"I don't-" he started, then stopped, mouth dry. "I'm not going to pretend to understand perfectly, because I don't, but I know a bit about other people making decisions for you. I know a little about people expecting you to behave a certain way because of your secondary gender, or expecting things from you because of it, and when you don't meet those expectations, well-" Dean breathed out and shook his head.
"Can't be long now?" Sam offers, glancing at the bathroom door. Dean shrugs a shoulder but doesn't take his eyes off the TV, where on screen Jerry is investigating the door to a 'mouse hotel' Dean's fairly sure is actually the mouth of a disguised Tom.
"Good?" Dean asks, hoping like hell the answer is yes. He can still feel the heat of Cas's lips against his and he already wants to do that again and possibly never come up for air.
Of everyone there that night, she was the most innocent. It was not April's fault that her face featured prominently in one of Cas's most horrifying memories; that blame belonged solely to the reaper that had possessed her. April hadn't been in control of her actions in a very literal sense.
"Again?" Cas asks, voice cracking. He tries to cover it up with a smile, but it's strained and wobbly and doesn't come within a hundred miles of reaching his eyes.
Well, that explained where he'd been, though it didn't answer the question of whether or not he'd returned the night before.
"How do you want to do this?" Dean asked, still nose to nose with Em. He ran his short nails up one of Em's sides, scratching lightly.
"We should go to the store," Dean says abruptly. Cas tilts his head, confused by the non sequitur. Dean coughs. "We could get you a new comforter. Posters for the walls. A rug, maybe. One of those stupid clocks that makes bird noises every hour."
Dean, however, isn’t paying attention. He’s looking around the room, taking in the two double beds, the small bathroom, the tiny table with two chairs crammed around it.
"Today was... good," Cas says, like he's testing the words. He nods then, like he's made a decision, and the tension in his shoulders seems to ease. Dean's smile softens when he notices.
Cas stares at the innocuous looking apartment building, his heart already beginning to pound in his chest. He stares, unable to look away from the sun-dappled brick and wrought-iron fire escape.
somehow. He doesn't want to see Cas so lost and hurt, can't stand seeing Cas in pain, but it's far better than Cas having to deal with it alone.
It was almost funny, how the one thing Dean had set out to do a year ago now terrified and infuriated him beyond measure.
The knock came again. Hannah set aside the dress she had been mending and got up to answer. Castiel stood and darted behind the changing screen in his room, just in case the visitor needed to see him. A cotton shirt and linen trousers were infinitely more comfortable than the silk gowns and flowing robes deemed appropriate for his designation, but that didn't mean he was permitted to wear them.
Dean groaned, cock twitching as mental images flooded his mind; Em on his back, one hand on his cock and the other three fingers deep inside. Dean leaned over to kiss Em again, keeping up the steady back-and-forth of his hand, finger sliding along Em's inner walls.
Cas glances over, but Jordan's back is pointedly towards him as Jordan makes himelf comfortable on his bed. Cas looks away.
It's like breaking through a thick layer of ice after too long underwater and taking a deep lungful of air.
Cas reaches across the narrow space between their chairs and rests a hand on Dean's arm. Dean's voice gives out instantly.
"Help...?" he said. Hannah stared at him with wide, pleading eyes, biting her lip as though she dared not elaborate. Balthazar looked from one to the other but then he, too, nodded resolutely and crossed his arms.
"They were the first people we questioned, your Majesty," Ion said. "I took Uriel with me and we questioned each, even searched their rooms thoroughly, but found nothing. I don't believe they knew."
"Guess we wait," Dean says, flopping onto his bed and reclining against the headboard. He grabs the remote and turns on the TV, half-heartedly flipping through channels to find something appropriately mindless.
"Like Balthazar said, we knew this day would come," he said. "I'm only surprised it didn't happen sooner."
"It's an old building. Drafty, creaking stairs... Why just this year, mice got into the wiring and I had to have the exterminator out." She narrows her eyes at them a moment. "Now, my building
He clapped Dean on the shoulder as he passed by. Dean was so numb he hardly noticed. Every sense was attuned to the presence behind him.
The hunt was a roaring success. Sam had found them a simple salt and burn to ease Cas into life as a human hunter, since literally nothing else had been easy for the former angel. The bones of one Miss Tess d'Urberville had been located in the old cemetery just outside of town, dug up, and burned.
It wasn't his fault. He didn't bring it upon himself, or on April. He had every right to mourn the loss of his sense of safety, to be angry at the violation.
"Yeah, like gay pride," Sam said. Seeing that Cas was still wearing his 'I may be human now but that doesn't mean I understand you' expression, he continued. "It's a month where-"
The second they realized they weren't dealing with a ghost, they should have turned around and went back home. They should have called in another hunter to take care of it.
Cas nods slowly, like he can see the logic but can't quite believe it. Dean swallows, anger simmering again.
"Yes," Cas says, opening the door. Dean steps aside to let him out and turns to face the building, squinting against the setting sun.
"We should- the bed," Em said as he arched into the touch. Dean made a noise of assent, burying his face in Emmanuel's neck and nipping lightly at the scent gland just to hear Em whine.
For a moment, Johnny's alertness returns to him. He sits back up abruptly and clutches at Jordan's shoulder with one hand. Jordan is stunned into stillness, staring wide-eyed at Johnny's panicked expression.
"Take advantage?" Dean finishes for him, spitting the words out. Sam nods mutely, looking so miserable Dean feels somewhat mollified. He sighs and looks away from his younger brother.
He trailed his hands down, smoothing over the curve of Em's ass. He dipped his fingers in between, groaning as they slid easily through the slick. There was more of it than he'd expected, but that was perfect. It would make the way nice and slippery for him.
Cas sees Micheal smile using Dean's lips and feels his own twist into Lucifer's smirk, and he wants to scream because
Cas and Jordan had stopped off at a public family/companion toilet for a quick wash before continuing on to the restaurant. It was little more than a rinse and a second pass with deodorant; necessary in between proper showers to keep a modicum of cleanliness.
"I would've sought shelter earlier. Gotten food out of a different Dumpster," he feels compelled to explain. It's driven him half-mad, thinking of the myriad small ways he could have done things differently and possibly ended up somewhere completely different that night.
"I shall send my fastest riders," Ion said. "The knights and I will conduct a search. No stone will be left unturned."
The alleyway is dirty and cast in shadows from the fading sunlight. There are bits of trash, blown in here by the breeze, but overall Cas has seen worse.
The fury in his dad's eyes the first time Dean had been caught in bed with another male alpha; a handsome squire one year older than Dean, who had been disgraced and sent back home for an imagined infraction shortly after. The way his mother's lips had thinned and she'd bowed her head in quiet agreement when John had ripped into Dean for it. The disappointment on her face when, after repeated confessions at the church, Dean showed no signs of repenting his indiscretion.
He'd defied an alpha. Openly. He hadn't pulled any punches, or danced around his feelings for the sake of decorum, or prettied up his words to make it more palatable for the alpha to swallow. He'd simply snapped, not thinking about the consequences.
He just prays that second doesn’t come too late. It feels like that window has already closed, and he shudders to think what may happen if he doesn’t manage to buck the demon’s control soon.
Cas isn't there, Dean already knows. He can't be, not if he landed in Colorado Springs like he'd said. Cas has no reason to venture any further east than Kansas, but hey, life is fucked up that way. Dean can't just ignore the possibility.
"No problem," Dean says. Cas gives him another fleeting, uncertain smile and disappears into the bathroom to change.
But there is no mercy in the thing Naomi has turned Castiel into, nor room for thought. Only orders, and Castiel stabs his blade deep into Dean's chest. He can feel the blood as it coats his hand, can see the light go out in Dean's green, betrayed eyes.
"Why are you apologizing?" Cas asks. Dean's mouth works but no sound comes out. It feels like the words are all building up in his throat, a dozen things he wants to say and a thousand more promises he wants to make.
He'd forgive her eventually, especially since she had breakfast. The prince was lovely to work for, really Hannah couldn't ask for a better lord to serve, but he was quite grumpy when he first woke.
Cas steps into the dark apartment and shuts the door quietly behind himself. Faint shafts of light from the streetlights outside stream in around the board covering the broken window, throwing most of the room into deep shadow.
, lips red and damp and parted invitingly, and Dean was leaning back in for another kiss when someone cleared their throat behind him.
It's the worst kind of deja vu when he lifts his head to see Dean pinning him to the floor, eye cold, an angel blade in hand.
, then they'll bring him back to the bunker and figure this crap out. Cas will be contrite, like a kicked puppy, and Dean will forgive him, because that's what family does, and things will go back to more or less normal.
More framed photos on the walls, most of a smiling young couple at various tourist attractions. A potted plant where before had been a vase. A red tablecloth instead of white.
"Maybe you're right," Dean said, peeling the sides of the robe apart to get to the clothes Cas wore beneath. "Maybe this is one of those good things."
He's not sure if he's begging because he needs the comfort or because he thinks Cas does. Cas is nodding, eyes shut tightly, head still bowed, like he doesn't dare ask for reprieve.
The orgasm would have loosened him up some, but he would still be far too tight to take anything larger than a finger. Dean lowered his hand again and pressed a little more firmly, ever so slowly and gently working his way inside. He alternated forward advances with gentle touches to Em's inner thighs, perineum, and even his lower belly, keeping him calm and relaxed until Dean could slip a finger knuckle-deep without any resistance whatsoever.
She waited, but there was no answer. As the minutes dragged on, she knocked again, louder. It was rare, but the prince did occasionally have a lie-in and needed to be woken. In the last few weeks since the wedding announcement, those mornings had been more common.
"Sex is..." Dean's mind gropes for a description, something meaningful, because this isn't the conversation for crude innuendos and one-liners. Pity those are Dean's specialty when it comes to this particular topic. "It's comforting. It makes you feel, like..." Dean waves his hands vaguely, inwardly cursing himself for not having the words to say. "Happy. Satisfied.
Dean shakes himself, annoyed. That's not what Cas needs right now. Dean's grown up a little from that stupid kid who took an angel to a brothel and threatened to push him into one of the back rooms. Dean likes to think he's learned a bit about himself and a lot about Cas since then.
Dean smiled and began working on the buttons of Castiel's robe. They came open one by one under Dean's nimble fingers, and each loose button seemed to send the anticipation in the room higher.
Castiel's mind abruptly pulled back to the present. He blinked, looking down at a cup of translucent brown liquid Dean was handing to him. He took it and then looked around, surprised to notice they were towards the side of the walkway in a cluster of booths whose main attraction seemed to be various foodstuffs.
Jordan had paid and they'd left. Their walk back to their bridge had turned into more of a jog when it started to rain; just lightly at first, but with the thunder rumbling in the distance it promised to get worse in short order.
Out of the corner of his eye, he notices a woman sitting at the bar. She's slender, her hair a dark strawberry-blonde, lightly curled at the ends, and she's eyeing Cas like he's the hottest item on the menu.
"That's not necessary," he said. Dean quite agreed; he didn't need to meet Mr. Perfect Wings or whoever, didn't need to spend an evening comparing himself to this guy and finding out all the ways in which he was left wanting.
Slowly, a horrible sort of realization begins to dawn in Dean's mind. He swallows thickly, staring in shock at Cas.
"I believe you," Em said. He then seemed to notice how close they were still standing, how his hands still loosely gripped the fabric of Dean's tunic, and exactly how shirtless he was. He coughed and stepped back, almost stepping in the eggs that had scattered across the floor when Dean dropped his plate.
Then Cas is gone. The bathroom door shuts and Dean can hear the lock click. The doorknob rattles once, twice, then settles, Cas apparently satisfied.
"I'm fine," he says hoarsely. Dean's expression goes steely. He steps forward and makes as if to grab Cas's arm, but stops short when Cas tenses.
Jordan's a little nervous to call him. He's not sure what he'll say if Dean picks up, or what kind of voicemail he'd leave if it came to that. He's not sure what
'Castiel', omega prince, hadn't been the type of person who got a happy ending, the sort who could meet a handsome alpha and be swept off his feet into a life of happiness and romance and autonomy. Maybe 'Emmanuel', omega peasant, could be.
no answer, except that the thought of Cas on a rack in the Pit caused something terrible to churn in his stomach. It caused every protective instinct he still had to raise its hackles and growl. It made him want to wrap Cas in his arms and keep him safe.
"I sincerely doubt that," Cas says evenly, tugging Dean closer. Dean still doesn’t look at him. "Dean?"
Cas's dinner has long since gone cold and Dean would be annoyed about the waste if he wasn't trying so hard to keep a lid on his fear about what's going on beyond the bathroom door.
If Emmanuel had been an alpha, there was no way Dean's plan would fly. As it was, there would be enough of an uproar from the church and the nobility with Dean reviving the long-dead position of King's Consort. If he'd tried to give the position to another alpha male, he wouldn't be surprised if the people called for him to abdicate.
"Not a fan of grape, Johnny?" he asks, wiping the neck of the bottle clean before replacing the cap.
With murmured agreements and hesitant steps, Hannah and Balthazar left the room. Castiel listened to the sound of the door closing and let out a long breath. He looked at the door for a moment, wistful and resigned, then turned deliberately away and went to his desk.
"Heterosexuality is not one of my Father's 'laws'," Cas said quietly, complete with air quotes. His voice was tight and controlled, a slow-boiling fury riding beneath his tone. "God may not have had a hand in creating every human, but heterosexuality is not God's will. Homosexuality is not Lucifer's work. Stigma against it belongs to humans and humans alone."
Dean's shoulders droop, just a little, but it's the silent signal Sam and Kevin had been watching for. Kevin looks back down at the tablet while Sam watches Dean for a moment more, sympathy in his eyes.
Dean feels like it's something he should ask about, but Cas gets very tight-lipped and quiet whenever Dean or Sam say anything about it.
"Oh good, just a 'mistranslation'," Dean said. He turned to Sam, eyes falsely bright. "You hear that, Sammy? Just a-"
He's learned some useful stuff; what to say if Cas has another flashback, like he did at the bar. What not to say, ever, though Dean couldn't imagine telling Cas any variation of 'it doesn't matter' or 'well, you made your choice'.
"All right," Cas says finally, stepping back and pulling the door open for Dean. Dean smiles tightly and walks in.
-" Cas starts, but then he's coughing again. He can taste the medicine again on his tongue, and his stomach threatens to bring the rest of it up.
Smooth talker there, Winchester. He winces but can still feel Cas's eyes on him, waiting with an expression carved from wary granite. He runs his hand over the back of his head.
"Dean," he says, voice hoarse. Dean’s whole body releases tension, like a puppet whose strings were suddenly severed. Almost before Cas knows what’s happening, Dean is pulling him into a proper hug, arms locking behind Cas’s back and Cas’s face pressed into Dean’s neck.
Jordan stands up and quickly hides Johnny's phone in the pocket of his hoodie. He walks away, determined.
"The Scribe of God told me it was a spell to lock Heaven permanently, with all the angels inside. Earth would be free from any further angelic meddling. The Apocalypse wouldn't be possible and humanity could live in peace, free will intact." Cas stares intently at the woodgrain of the floor, hoping it had answers. "Instead, it was a spell to lock us all
It's nothing Dean can pinpoint. No sound of footsteps, no rustling of feathers. No hand on his shoulder.
"Me too, buddy, me too," Dean says. His eyes drop to Cas’s mouth again. He clears his throat. "Just… fuck, this is new for me too, ok? If we could…" His voice trails off.
Sam's expression grows pained, but he doesn't push any further. He looks down at his now cold plate of pancakes like he couldn't think of anything less appetizing to eat.
Come to think, Cas had been tired all day. More so than usual, though he'd had just as much success with sleep as he'd had every night since he Fell. The nightmares had been no more terrible than was typical.
"We've been a couple of dumbasses, haven't we," he says. It's not really a question. "I thought angels didn't love like humans, thought maybe you just
"Talks are over. The peace treaty was signed today and the delegation from Kanaan has left," Balthazar said.
Still, he's loath to leave Cas if Cas still needs him, no matter how uncomfortable wet jeans are and how cold the water is.
Neither Dean nor Sam notice. They're already crossing the street. After a moment, Cas follows them, trying hard not to think about the sweat slicking his hair to his neck, running down his spine like raindrops.
"You do," Cas growled. He wrenched Dean away from his neck and cupped his face again, forcing Dean to look him in the eyes and see the weight of absolute certainty resting there. "Don't you ever say you don't deserve this, Dean. Don't say you're not redeemable. You are."
Inhale by exhale, Dean leads Cas just like that through several more deep breaths, interspersing each with quiet encouragements and reminders that he's safe.
He's flipping pancakes on the griddle when he hears the shuffle of feet behind him, too heavy to be Cas.
"Cook is taking inventory now; so far, she's discovered two missing loaves of bread," said Ion. "I have my men questioning the servants."
Dean kept the movements of his hand steady as he watched Emmanuel with rapt attention. Emmanuel was glorious with pleasure pouring through him, hips bucking, breath heaving, Dean's name falling from his lips like a prayer, faster and faster.
Dean hardly dared breathe. The air around him was thick with the scent of furious omega and it was somehow more terrifying than any angry alpha scent Dean had ever smelled. Emmanuel's scent was normally that of an autumn forest after the rain; now Emmanuel was the oncoming storm, the kind that shook the walls and flooded the streets, that ripped off roof tiles and uprooted trees.
He blinked. Sunlight streamed in through the open window and he groaned, hiding his face in his oddly lumpy and pointy pillow. He just wanted five more minutes, then perhaps-
"That's not... it doesn't work that way," Dean says. He can feel Sam considering his words silently for a moment.
As they made their way through the long, elegant halls, Castiel's stomach churned. He kept his eyes on the stones as they passed beneath him, trying not to panic.
Dean turns to look at Cas. He can tell from the clench of Cas's jaw that the former angel knows just how dire the situation is. There's a fire in those blue eyes Dean loves so well that says that Cas is determined to go down swinging.
"Shit," he says, momentarily abandoning the griddle in favor of paper towels to wipe up the mess. He scowls. He'd
Dean had spent a year in Pontiac. He'd posed as a drifter just passing through, certain that with his skills he'd need no time at all to tempt the priest to sin. The week he'd initially estimated had turned into a month, then two, then before Dean had known it he was helping around the church and had lost sight entirely of his purpose in being there.
If, as Balthazar suspected, the Queen wanted to see him regarding the peace treaty, there could only be one reason. It's not as though he was allowed to concern himself with matters of state.
Dean had fantasized about Cas for a year now. Back when he'd first arrived, all his fantasies had been about getting the priest naked and corrupted by pleasure. He'd wanted to do the filthiest, dirtiest things to that pure, unsullied body, simply for the joy of it. His fantasies had changed, shifted, and before long his dreams had centered around bringing Cas to the heights of bliss, to see the sunset cast light and shadow on tanned skin, and to wake to Cas's sleepy smile in the morning.
"I'd never wanted that before," Cas says. "My siblings would tell me stories about the wonders of taking a flesh vessel and partaking in its pleasures. Balthazar would-" Cas shakes his head. "But I never joined them. I never wanted to. In all my centuries watching Earth, I had never once felt the carnal urge they spoke of. I still don't understand it."
"I just need you to do one more thing, Cas. I need you to wake up, because the thing you wanted most, that you thought you could never have?"
"Perhaps it won't be so bad?" Hannah asked, though she didn't seem certain of that herself. "Kanaan is supposed to be... well, I've heard the other servants talk. They treat their omegas very well over there."
"As your brother?" Cas asked. Dean could feel the deep rumble of Cas's voice in his chest and he chuckled, breathless and giddy.
He wipes at his face angrily and moves further into the spray, letting the water cascade down his back.
"You can write in it," Dean says slowly, looking down at the notebook. He squeezes it in his hands, as though to lend or draw strength from the brightly colored book, and then offers it to Cas "It's supposed to... to help."
Thus fortified, he picks up the bucket and goes back by the beds. Two queens, plus a pullout, though the last wouldn't be in use tonight. Cas is curled up on his side in the bed he'd slept in last night, a blanket over him from chest down even though he's already started to sweat through his shirt. His eyes are closed, face drawn and breathing harsh. Dean sets the ice bucket down on the bedside table and sits on the edge of the other bed, not wanting to crowd Cas.
It's cold anyway and he's shivering from the temperature more than emotion now. He still doesn't feel clean, but he can't stand naked under cold water all night. His skin is cool to the touch, pink and not new enough as he dries himself off. Thoughts are churning in his mind, emotions twisting his stomach into knots; anger, fear, shame, guilt.
"Then you," Em said. Dean nodded, already far more distracted with peeling Em's pants down his legs. He took his time with it, laying worshipful kisses on every inch of bare skin as he moved downwards, paying special attention to the sensitive skin of Em's inner thighs.
"Okay, I won't," Sam says slowly, expectantly. Like he's waiting for an elaboration Dean's not going to give him.
Castiel scrubbed his hair with the soap and then bent double to dunk his head under the water and rinse it all out.
"How do I deserve you," Dean said, sliding his hand down to the buttons of Cas's robe. Cas let him, slowly laying back down until he no longer had to use an arm to support himself and instead could devote both hands to committing the planes of Dean's body to memory.
"Dean-" he manages, tasting blood on his tongue. He remembers this, but it had been years ago, back when Dean still had the-
The library lost & found is as deserted as ever. Jordan tugs his hands through his hair for a moment to make himself look presentable, then adopts his best sheepish but winning expression before turning the corner.
They reached the door to Naomi's parlor. There was a guard on either side of the door and they bowed respectfully before the Prince and his entourage before they stepped aside to allow him entry, pulling the doors with them so the 'delicate' omega wouldn't have to. Castiel's lips twitched towards a scowl before he managed to school his features again.
The room across the hall feels disturbingly empty, like whatever is behind the door is more sinister than a simple vacancy. A black hole, maybe.
He thinks of the small rug Dean had insisted Cas pick out, the shelf of interestingly-titled books Cas had bought at a thrift shop, the small plant Sam had gotten him as a "room-warming" gift.
"You told me once that you always come when I call," Dean said. He turns slowly, scanning the dark horizon for any trace of movement. "Well, I'm calling now."
"Can I move?" Dean asked, peppering Em's shoulder with kisses. He slid a hand over Em's shoulder and down his arm, letting his hand rest over Emmanuel's with their fingers entwined.
"Dean," Sam hissed, elbowing him sharply as their waiter returned with three glasses of water. Sensing the tension in the air, he smiled at them uncertainly.
"Ok, so succubus venom isn't fatal," Sam says. "Symptoms include, uh... priaprism, fever, hallucinations, possible paralysis-"
"It didn't happen immediately, but after some time, I began to wonder. What kissing was like. If sex was really so pleasurable. It wasn't the lust my siblings had described to me but more... a curiosity. I wanted to
"It won't," Dean promised, trying to inject as much sincerity in his voice as humanly possible. He swallowed heavily and continued. "You're still the guy who saved my life. Hell, you're braver than half the alphas I know, striking out on your own the way you did."
