John taken by Moran. Live feed established. At the club with Sherlock. Your presence is not unwanted, a car will arrive momentarily -MH
With only two days to go until Christmas, a full work schedule and no plans, John was well aware of just how miserable his life must seem. Hell, how miserable it
"I would have warned you about that but it was inevitable." John shrugged and looked into the kitchen where a tall man was throwing something into a pan. "Not ready yet, perfect! We can have a chat while we're waiting then. Come on" he opened a sliding door and stepped out into the forest, sitting on a boulder a few metres from the door. Sherlock followed and sat opposite him, fully aware of what this chat was in aid of. "So. Clearly we need to eh... Discuss? I don't know your feelings about 'The Rest' so I want you to tell me, truthfully, how you feel about kids, for us I mean, not in general." John swallowed hard and waited. He wasn't even sure what way he wanted this to go. Sherlock looked nervous, probably for the first time in the time John had known him and that was terrifying in itself. "I... Our lives are not exactly safe, there's criminals and chemicals and body parts and murder and that's all part of our everyday life. I play the violin at three in the morning and snap at people almost constantly. I get easily frustrated with people for not recognising what to me is obvious, but not with children. They're open and eager to learn, they have an actual interest in what I do and how I do it, they like me because I treat them like they're grown ups but none of my cousins have to live with me for a prolonged period of time. I don't know if I would be enough for a child, the only experience of childhood I had was brief and unpleasant and I wouldn't inflict it on a child just because they were mine, it wouldn't be fair to put them through it. Aside from anything else we are out almost constantly and a child, no matter how brilliant, should not be left alone. I wouldn't be a good father John." Sherlock dropped his eyes and fiddled with the cuff of his shirt, avoiding John's gaze. "Sherlock" John breathed and he looked up. "You haven't answered the question properly, Do you want us to have children?" he asked softly. "Yes, even though I shouldn't." Sherlock whispered, feeling nauseous. He shouldn't want them, he would mess just as his father had with him and Mycroft and they would hate him for it, he hated himself for wanting them anyway. Before he knew it John was around him and he breathed in the tea and biscuit smell that was John. "You'll be a great father Sherlock, when the time comes, you will be great. I'll be right there with you, and we'll raise them together. When the time comes." John mused into his curls and stroked his back, comforting him for feeling like he would ruin a child. "We don't have to worry about it now, as long as we both know that yes children are 'on the table' as Mummy so eloquently put it." Sherlock chuckled into his jumper. "Lunch is ready boys and we have so much to talk about! How do you feel about lilies?" Mrs Hudson called to them from the door. Sherlock stood and dusted himself of and John smiled. When the time comes, Sherlock thought, he will be a great father.
John carded his hands through Sherlock's hair, pleased that he'd not really fussed when John had casually suggested that he would be better off asleep. He was of course, and while he drifted on the couch John was left to pack in peace for the both of them. "Presents are in the back of the wardrobe." Sherlock slurred against the cushions and sure enough a handful of wrapped gifts were sitting at the bottom of it, and John wondered how he'd managed to miss them. With a snort at the thought of Sherlock going gift shopping, he packed those tightly among suits and shirts and closed the suitcase zip with the satisfying sound of metal teeth joining together. Maneuvering Sherlock from the couch down to the car when it arrived was easier than it should have been, the man was so light it was difficult to reconcile the fragility of his body with the rest of him. Again John's mind flashed to thoughts of him as a porcelain doll, beautiful, fragile and pale, angelic in the snowy evening light. Sherlock curled like a child against him, a scene that caused Mycroft's eyebrows to all but fly off his face when Henry opened the car door for them and John slid inside, rolling Sherlock onto his lap for the sake of both of their comfort. John
he stables were surprisingly cool, and while everyone else cleaned their horse, Sherlock galloped down the fields and back "Vain git" John muttered, at which he heard at least two distinct laughs. Again he couldn't tear his eyes away and barely clocked that he was alone in the stables until Sherlock rode to a halt in front of him. His pale cheeks were flushed and when he lead the horse into it's stall John followed, leaning against the door frame. Sherlock spun to face him and John raised an eyebrow and smiled.
Well, to clarify, he would have, if he had actually had a phone in his possession to pick up. Which was why, laying in her private maternity room, with her contractions beginning to amp up in frequency, and listening to John's tinny voice apologize for not responding, citing case work or sleep or a certain detective stealing is phone for the fifth time, Mary wondered why she had ever thought the birth of their child would go any differently.
"Thank you Billy, that will be all. Tell Wiggins to come by Baker street later and I'll see what I can do for you." Billy nodded enthusiastically and rushed away from them, leaving Sherlock quite alone with Molly. It was a pity, he knew, that women held little interest for him, for Molly would have been a most suitable wife had she been given the opportunity. As it stood she was rather infatuated with him even though she was well aware of his inclinations. Perhaps he could find someone for her who would allow her, if she so chose, to continue doing the work she loved once they were married. Now that he thought on it, Lestrade was a widower, he could do--
He sounded… different somehow. Hoarse, maybe? John didn't know what it was about that voice but it set his nerves on edge, it was wrong, off completely from the luxurious baritone that had played constantly in his head all week and it scared him.
After some preliminary mother henning on both their parts and assurances that everything would go perfectly, they'd not have to worry about a thing, John was chivvied outside by Mrs Hudson who wanted to do... something with Sherlock that John hadn't quite managed to catch in between the stream of inane chatter she used to hide her motives without lying. She was quite good at it too, and soon he was surrounded by the entire Ledger clan.
They didn't discuss it further, Mummy was shooing them all upstairs to bed too quickly for that; “It's Christmas eve,you're going to bed at a reasonable hour if I have to put you there myself Myc.”
"Almost forgot that other people don't know" John whispered as Mrs Hudson chattered down the phone. Sherlock smirked "Well Molly will get the message when she sees the lab today, we left the boxes there" he grinned cheekily "and I got some assistance from my brother but he doesn't know that we're engaged yet, apart from them and now Mrs Hudson no one else has any idea." John picked up a bun and bit into it, offering Sherlock a bite which he gladly accepted and nodded at their landlady who was smiling tearily at them. "I get the distinct feeling that this will make Mummy insufferable when she hears, Mycroft will not have told her anything, not until he is certain that I did it" Two mugs of tea were placed in front of them and John sat down at the table. "Can we avoid meeting people face to face? Mrs Hudson is fine because she's... well she's Mrs Hudson, but I do not plan on regaling the whole story to every acquaintance we have." John chuckled and sipped his tea. "Tell you what, we'll text anyone who needs to know, call your mother and I'll call Harry. It's going to be the best conversation we've even had 'Oh hello Harry did you know I've been dating someone devilishly handsome and we're engaged? Did I mention he's a man?' I can feel just how fun it's going to be already" John added sarcastically, wondering how he could possibly avoid having her meet Sherlock. She may have been his sister but John knew exactly how rude and probably vulgar any conversation with Harry would be, and how it would most likely spiral into a very one sided argument and a welcome storm out.
What was he supposed to do with that? Whether it had been pleasant or not, Sherlock had a history with him, one that John could recall in vivid technicolour nightmares. This was going to be his chance to apologise, to explain what had happened at Christmas and hopefully move forward, together. How could he do that now if Sherlock couldn't remember who he was?
Sherlock locked eyes with John through the screen, it was as if John had known he was there, because the first camera he chose to look through was the right one. Sherlock saw the movement and looked to his hands. Three hours. That's how long John could hold on. Only three hours. A cross? So it was a hospital then, or was he just confirming the fact that the table was medical grade? No, John wasn't as observant as he should be, he would barely have noticed the fact that the restraints were built into the table, especially when he was physically compromised. Hospital. 13 in the immediate London area,27 within two hours drive of London,11 of which are decomissioned. Sherlock was no longer present in the room. Regardless of that, he hadn't even blinked when Greg arrived a good ten minutes prior because his eyes were locked on John.
When the final notes faded away,Sherlock smiled as low applause rang through the hall. Only one pair of hands clapped. He looked up and seated mere feet away was John, smiling his crooked smile. Sherlock placed his violin down as John kissed him "That was beautiful."
“I'm not at liberty to tell you but I could drop him a note to pop in when he has a minute to spare. That enough to keep you here for at least a day more?”
Greg scanned the room and furrowed his brow at what he saw. "What?" Holly asked, trying to see what he was watching. "Those kids look... awfully-" Holly chimed in "Snotty? Irritating? Posh?" Greg rolled his eyes. "I was going to say lonely and bored." The gang of children, at least fifteen of them sat apart from the group, saying next to nothing and reading material that ranged from introductory German and what looked like Russian for the youngest of the group who looked about five to advanced physics for the eldest, and he couldn't have been over fifteen. "Jesus were they ever kids at all? How can they just push them to the side with a lesson in their hand like, it's Christmas for Christsake!"
John took a moment to let the chaos wash over him, the throbbing in his arm causing him to clench and unclench his fist, throwing him off focus for a bit, but then he pulled himself together and with swift intent, made use of the pain to propel him forward and to Sherlock's side.
The numbers hiding under his sleeve begged to differ about that, but Sherlock, due to an overwhelming lack of prospective, anything other than murderers was well aware that those digits were worth believing in about as much as any given person on the street.
Lestrade had, in what seemed to Sherlock like a fit of insanity, decided to spend his day off at his bedside. His willingness to subject himself to the stench and poor lumbar support on offer baffled, but Sherlock was not one to look a crime horse in the mouth. Even if said crime horse was voluntarily wearing a pair of tracksuit bottoms.
1: Ring - although given John's aversion to jewellery apart from his bracelet that may not be an easy task, must be imbued with sentiment and more so than usually is by such items, see other options
"I'm Molly, Molly Hooper, I'm friends with Sherlock and John." Holly nodded and sipped her drink, staring out at the sky. "You're the woman with all the names aren't you?" She chuckled and flushed an adorable shade of red. "Sorry that sounded like I'm a stalker I just hear a lot about you well actually not a lot, very little, but always with different names and I'm not even sure if it's you but you look like a lot of names suit you, not that whatever your real name is isn't good enough or anything oh God I should stop talking shouldn't I?" Holly smiled brightly at her ramblings, she was even sweeter in person than on those surveillance tapes. "It's Holly tonight. My name that is, but 'The woman with all the names' works too, nice and mysterious." Molly grinned, a lopsided smile that made Holly's own flutter in her chest. "So Molly, what do you do?"
A solitary cab sat stranded at the road’s edge, long since deserted by horse and driver both, the carriage itself and ever fading hoof prints the only sign they had ever disturbed the snow.
Sherlock cracked open an eye and groaned at the brightness that blinded him. It was not the familiar light of home, nor that familiar sky. He remembered crouching at the edge of the bifrost, collecting samples of various particles and then a pressure at his back and falling, falling, falling, into an abyss of stars, eventually crash landing here, and he hoped he would be able to escape in due course. Mycroft would be insufferable when he discovered that this had happened. Again. Sherlock chuckled at the memory of his first foray over the edge of the rainbow bridge, of one Martha Hudson and her kindness that he repaid in kind by dealing with her abusive, criminal husband. The chuckle soon made him groan in pain, and he cursed whoever had sent him here for his response would be swift and unforgiving when he returned home. First things first however, A quick scan of his transport to see the damage. Ribs bruised, lacerations to the arms and torso in general, and it appeared that his ankle was broken. Joy. Apparently godly powers weren't extended to him yet again, this was what one got when one was merely the God of knowledge. Enemies and mortality.
It was hours, or maybe minutes, Sherlock wasn’t keeping track, before his door opened and John entered. He watched as John puttered about, looking at his chart and the monitors with a critical eye, relaxing in increments, slowly shrugging off the weight of the day as he went through these, his last charts of the shift.
“Fine. You’ll miss your train.” Sherlock replied curtly, refusing to make eye contact as he swirled a flask of
John closed his eyes and prayed that there was a God who would help him because he didn't want to cry already. "I have to Sherlock. I can't do this. We both know I can't." In a flurry of robe tail and pyjama bottoms Sherlock was wrapped around him, lips crushed against his own. He had dreamed of this moment. The elusive moment where Sherlock felt the same. In his dreams they were together, grew old together, died together. In reality he knew that as soul destroying as it was to think about, this was a ploy to make him stay. He pushed Sherlock away and this time there was no way he was keeping tears in. "I can't stay. You don't feel the same, can't pretend that you do, not anymore. I love you Sherlock, always have, but I have to leave. Good-" God he was choking on it, drowning in the gravity of this one word, because it was permanent, this would mean they were never going to be together as anything. It was the splitting of a road into two that travelled in parallel but never met. And John hated it, almost more than he hated himself. "Goodbye Sherlock" and he left. Sherlock gulped again and again, standing in the doorway for hours. "I love you too John."
Since the wedding, keeping in regular contact with Sholto had become a lifeline of sorts to a world where bravery was instinctive.
“He's in intensive care, in serious condition but stable for now. The knife missed all major internal organs and we have him stitched up, transfusing blood we speak. You should be aware that he's currently comatose. This is probably partially because of the medication he's been given but may have more to do with the prolonged period of time he spent without oxygen. I don't want to alarm you, his prospects as regards to waking up are good.” John explained, and it was bizarre to watch someone go from relieved to cautiously alert in the space of two seconds.
Arabesque - Dancer is supported by one foot and has the other leg extended behind them making a 90° angle
He stood up and put on the Belstaff coat like it was his own skin of armour, letting his hands run over the collar, lapels and inside the deep pockets.
A car door slammed on the street outside. "Lestrade's here." Greg flew up the stairs to 221b with a manila case file in his hands. Sherlock and John were at the door and waiting for him, shifting impatiently from foot to foot. "How many?" Sherlock asked as Lestrade handed the file over. "Four over the course of the month. Latest victim was found an hour ago by a concerned neighbour." Sherlock didn't open the file, he never did. "Who's on the scene?" In his head John was praying that it wasn't Donovan. "Anderson and Donovan plus the rest of the forensics team." Sherlock pouted for just a milisecond before pulling his scarf on "We'll be behind you." Greg nodded and rushed back down the stairs, Sherlock and John on his tails. They had barely hit the pavement when a taxi pulled up. "How do you do that?" John muttered to himself as Sherlock leaped inside. "Follow that police vehicle."
"Now. John, as I mentioned before each of you will take part in our winter show, but I'm not so cruel as to leave you floundering up there by yourselves. No, you'll have partners from the Academy alongside you. The students have already chosen various pieces they would like to perform, but my ballet dancer has had some... issues playing with others and couldn't find a partner for a twist on swan lake he wanted to perform. Actually he wanted to take on all three roles himself but that was impossible. I think, John Watson, that you might become the answer to a lot of our problems." John gaped up at her. "M'am I don't know if I have the ability to do this" For some reason the smile she gave him was fond. " That is exactly why you're right for this partnership, Even now I can see what you feel in your face, the self doubt, it's emotion in its purest form, something my dancer has trouble displaying. He would be, will be ètoile to any company in the world, I guarantee, if he could just learn to dance with his heart on his sleeve and do it with a partner. You're going to teach him this John, I know it."
He never did say goodbye. John was back in London before he heard of him again and even then it was nothing, nothing at all compared to what they had shared under the desert sky. Being “Soulmates” was unimportant. He'd learnt that the hard way - Domestic abuse, divorce, assault , none of the issues went away just because of a few numbers on your arms matching up. They didn't stop his father from lashing out beatings when he got home from the pub, no matter how certain his Mum had been that every time would be the last, hadn't stopped his heart from beating out of his chest with love for someone who wasn't his soulmate (but
, Sherlock recalls from the name tag on his coat - react to Sherlock’s apparent memory lapse? From what little he understands of human nature, it is that in situations like this, the party involved would most likely encounter a sense of disappointment. Not that Sherlock was at all unfamiliar with someone being rather disappointed by him, but usually it took a little while longer, and a bit more effort than him simply waking up.
"Fine" he sighed and strode off to the bathroom. He'd have to start getting ready. "Sherlock if you use all the hot water I swear I'll" Sherlock dropped his robe outside the bathroom door "Well if you want to conserve water we could always shower together?" John was there before Sherlock had even finished his sentence.
"Sebastian." John said, the slight crack in his voice giving away the terror he was trying to hide. Sebastian laughed, the noise echoing through the empty apartment. "Didn't think you'd be seeing me again?" John stayed silent, weighing up his options. Was it worth it to end the game early and die now rather than wait for the inevitable to come? "Then again, I didn't expect you to meddle in my affairs again. Just couldn't help himself could he, had to solve the case, Jim was the better man, should've won. Don't worry though John, I'm here now to finish his job. Burning the heart out of Sherlock Holmes and killing you. Funny that, how my interests fit with his so well." John frowned. Burn the heart... Oh. He was Sherlock's heart. "Don't cry Johnny boy, the tin man didn't really need a heart anyway." "I'm not crying Sebastian, but more to the point, why are you here?" Sebastian growled and pressed the steel harder against his throat. One cut and he'd bleed out. "I am here to finish what Jim started. But I plan on having a little fun first." he whispered, sickly sweet breath invading John's nostrils until he felt ill. John couldn't move for fear of being slashed across the neck, nor could he speak without the pressure increasing. Smiling, Sebastian's left hand went into his pocket. John had not noticed the cylindrical shape that protruded from it before, Sherlock would have. There was a hiss as Sebastian lifted the canister to his face and the air became foggy. John's vision blurred and he felt as if he were swaying, lines between objects softening until the world was one giant mess of colour. "Don't you worry Captain. I have big plans for you." The voice swirled round in his head until a vacuous dark fell on him and there was nothing more.
." Sherlock smirked. "This is everyday attire for me and I don't sleep well. Anything else is unacceptable and frankly the hospital has been seasoned with many of my suits before. Besides we were in bed so clothes were at hand and John doesn't enjoy it when others ogle me when I wear my sheets. He was equally displeased when I wore his sheets-" John gasped and raised a hand to his face. "What?" Clara asked nervously, thinking it was news about Harry. "Greg!" John exclaimed and Sherlock simply chuckled.
He spotted him after a while, nestled into a corner on a plastic chair with a silver tinfoil blanket around his shoulders and a cup of coffee rolling between his palms, and John realised quite suddenly that he had no idea what this man's name was aside from ‘Dishy McDrips on your floors’. Bit awkward, that.
No, it wasn't the multiple scars bearing evidence of a needle piercing skin to satisfy an unhealthy addiction, it was the faint shimmering glow of a soulmate mark just underneath the skin. Sherlock's mark contained the following numbers:
“No. No, not this time.” For a second, as Sherlock tensed and pulled his feet up underneath the blue silk sheath of his dressing gown, like he was embarrassed, like he’d been caught doing something he wasn’t supposed to, John felt uncertainty creep in.
Lestrade strolled in and did a double take, foregoing his customary greeting in favour of gaping at Mr June. "Bloody hell is that John?" he asked as the crowd parted to let him through. "It would appear so." Sherlock managed to speak without really thinking about it. He turned to Lestrade and frowned as the man licked his lips and stared at the seething mass of dilated pupils surrounding him. "We should... eh... we should probably not keep looking at this. John would be upset... probably." Sherlock said, but no one tore their attention away, if anything that was like turning up the heating and it felt as though some sort of orgy was likely to break out in the middle of the room. Eventually, however, a lightly flushed Lestrade dispersed the crowd and herded Sherlock back to the reports in his office.
They had fallen asleep much the same way as they had before, wrapped tightly in each others embrace. Sherlock had not slept for long. There was a lot to consider. What they had been doing up until now had been very much innocent, Sherlock could pick out children on the street who'd done much more but it had also been private. While on the case Sherlock had barely had time to breathe and he had only spoken to John to use him as a sounding board for his deductions. In reality Sherlock was, grudgingly, nervous.
John hummed and then raised a brow. "Does that make me interesting Sherlock Holmes, or you a stalker, that is the true question."
Sherlock had eaten almost nothing all day, his mouth still tasted buttery from this morning's toast. It had gotten unbearably hot and John was fighting the urge to rip off his jumper and Sherlock's jacket. Sherlock clearly sensed this as he pulled away slightly and whispered into the space between them, his voice low and filled with a new note. "We should go, it'd be a bit not good to continue here" his eyes were closed as he said this. The two of them were breathing heavily as they hailed a taxi. They avoided each other's gaze until they were in the safety of their flat. Sherlock pushed John back against the door as soon as he closed it, crushing their lips together. John swapped their positions and moved his mouth further down, kissing his jaw, moving up to his cheekbones and nibbling his ear, relishing the soft gasps of pleasure and surprise. He held Sherlock at his mercy, and he loved it. He moved lower still, kissing his neck. Sherlock writhed against him and John continued. He wanted to mark Sherlock as his own and began to suck lazily at the tender flesh of his collar bone, stroking painfully slow circles on his stomach that were getting progressively lower. "J-John" Sherlock panted and John led him to his room, not even looking where he was going. He lowered the detective onto his bed, noting the crisp black sheets. It was very Sherlock.
Sherlock had immediately gone to his mind  palace when John was going to bring up his questions again, and John couldn't tell if it was on  purpose or not. He was worn out in any case and ripped off his clothes in relative silence. The lights were off already and John collapsed into bed almost instantly. The image of Sherlock flopped so brazen on the couch while they were supposedly on the run from both the police and Moriarty fading as he drifted .He stirred and awoke hours later to find a semi nude Sherlock Holmes in his bed facing him, green eyes hard at work, scrutinizing John's face.
He hated Mummy's Autumn ball for many reasons and being forced to go was probably the main one, closely followed by having to be nice and being made dance with various women. Mummy did have an inkling that he was gay if he was anything but still the respectable women of England would be thrust into his arms and he'd have to bite his tongue and dance with them. It was positively hateful. He was distracted from his ruminations by John's arms snaking around his from behind and the soft touch of lips to his forehead. "Morning Lock."
Rarely utilised, the cupboard had collected years’ worth of dust, but it was quickly rectified by opening up the tiny window above, within arm's reach. The dark of the cupboard was improved with the bit of sunlight pouring in through the window and Sherlock was able to locate the hidden partition in the wall where he kept his small stash of possessions, which he preferred not to be seen by anyone else. Pulling the box free from its confines, he examined it. It was exactly the same as he had left it, with the small notch made at the bottom right corner with a Swiss army knife. It was a very unassuming box, all black with a small brass lock at the front. The objective being of course that if it was, by some happenstance, uncovered, no one would think anything much of it because of how plain it was.
After the incident with Mary, John had turned up outside Sherlock's door, suitcase in hand with a sheepish look on his face. Sherlock had stood in the doorway in a shocked silence - John must have changed his mind since the last time they saw each other because at that point he'd been set on hashing things out with her - and John had simply waited awkwardly for him to say something. Which he didn't. "I um... I don't have a key so I knocked and I wasn't sure you were here... Can I... That is... would you mind if I... you don't have to say yes of course but I just thought that maybe we could be flatmates again. Here. Mary and I aren't going to work out. I asked Mycroft if he could send our divorce papers through the quickest channels and he actually did it which I was quite shocked at, you know Mycroft, only really does the cloak and dagger sort of thing but he seemed eager to help. Off topic. Can I come home?" John continued to babble as Sherlock stood there in the stoop, just staring at him. They hadn't been back to being friends when Sherlock had unmasked Mary, in fact they hadn't spoken since, a reality that had caused ructions in his mind palace and his life in general. Admit it though he never would, he had missed John like nothing else for two years, and was still missing him now. The introspection only stopped when John asked to come home. Baker street was their home, and that lit something in Sherlock that had long since been extinguished.
"John I..." he reached into his pocket and pulled out the scarf, still concealing the true nature of what was happening. "have something for you." he finished, laying it down in front of John who stared at him with surprised eyes. His heart was beating in his mouth and he was feeling less than confident that his meagre meal would stay down. "Open it" he whispered, voice gravelly. Was he shaking? John beamed up at him and began to unravel the scarf, and Sherlock had folded very precisely, if he was correct, the last layer before the box would be the monogrammed one. It was. "JHWH" John breathed "but what does the last -" Sherlock shushed him and peeled back the last layer himself. John looked down, eyes widening in recognition of what this was, what he was doing, and his mouth formed a small 'o' of surprise, and Sherlock was thankful once again that John's face was so readable, he could see the expectation, the surprise, the hope, the joy all playing out across his features and his heart surged. "John Hamish Watson. I suppose there are an abundance of things I could say to you, like how you showed me the world as I never saw it before, or how you restarted my heart and gave me a life, something to live for again, or how gloriously, wonderfully, perfectly impossible you are and how I can never hope to deserve you, but I don't think we have the time for that because it would take lifetimes to list all the reasons that I'm asking you this. I've settled on just one. I love you, John Watson, most ardently. Would you do me the honour of becoming my husband?" Sherlock had moved while he spoke, over to meet John on the other side of the desk.
’  Suddenly the whole day made sense. Why Sherlock had shut off that afternoon, why it had run through John’s head, why he’d felt a pull to get home, like he was missing something important. He had been missing something completely, blindingly, obvious.
As he sat, John listened to the rhythmic beeping of the bedside monitors and watched the steady rise and fall of Sherlock’s chest. Mostly, he thought long and hard. What is it about this man that has captured his interest? What is it about him that has awoken that instinct in John to protect, and love? It couldn’t purely be due to the soulmate mark; John has yet to find out if Sherlock’s birthdate is reflected on his own arm.
"Direct as ever Mycroft. You'd think they were needy girlfriends the way they - wait. Greg dyou think they might be? Needy, that is, definitely not girls." That was a thought. "If that's why they keep trying to make us stay home I swear I'll shoot something. How difficult is it to say Oh yeah hey listen I would rather you were with me because lets face it you're so fantastic that I can't seem to get enough of you?" Greg mocked the posh Holmes accent for effect and John quickly found himself wiping tears of laughter from his cheeks."If that's the issue I might have an idea, why don't you just bring Mycroft with you to the flat next time and we can have our beers in peace and keep the two of them close by at the same time." Seemed like a rational enough idea at the time, so they shook hands on it and split up, eager to return to their wonderfully clingy partners.
Mr Holmes gave a weary sigh. “You are the doctor who saw to my brother when he was brought in the other night, are you not? Doctor Stamford only sees Sherlock as another patient but you see him as a man in need of more than help. Might I add that you seem to be the only being around here who Sherlock could even tolerate having around. My brother doesn't place his trust fully in someone he barely knows often, but when he does, it's for a reason.”
When Sherlock was trussed up and could barely move, John evened the field and got undressed too, slithering against his body to reach his ear and savouring the small gasp of surprised pleasure that ensued. "I missed your life more than I wanted my own when I got shot you know." Say nothing, Sherlock knew how this worked. John grinned and slid back down to Sherlock's legs, gently circling a finger around his entrance before pushing in with two. With uncanny precision he crooked his fingers and brushed his prostate, cancelling out the hint of pain with sparks of pleasure, over and over until he was leaking over both of them and desperate for friction of any kind, wishing he could stroke himself just so there'd be some relief. "Please John ugh please" John withdrew his hand and lifted Sherlock's hips "I always love it when you're polite" he grunted, sliding into him gently at first, giving him time to adjust to this sensation again. As soon as he could feel that he was ready, John thrust hard into him, fast and rough, taking him apart. All he could do was moan and writhe and try to move in rhythm with John. Precum ran down his thighs and made them both slightly stickier than they already were, he watched John's face, emotions flying across it, changing every passing moment . He was already close. "John! I'm oh God" Sherlock closed his eyes and prepared for the onslaught that this declaration used to incur, but it didn't come. He was left feeling empty as John pulled out of him and he opened his eyes, incredibly confused. His face was an image of every emotion under the sun as he leaned back on his knees and clambered off the bed. "You know how you miss the feeling of me inside of you right now? Amplify that by about two million and you have how much I missed you, you utter bastard. I can't believe you did that! Not a single word, or sign, not even a whisper! It's a good thing" John whispered, turning back around "That I am not as cruel to you as you are to me." Slowly he unlocked the cuffs and lay on the bed, kissing Sherlock softly while he finished both of them off with a few strokes. They were pressed chest to chest, Sherlock resting his head on John's. "I am so glad you're alive Sherlock." Sherlock planted a kiss on his head. "So am I John, so am I."
it I can't fathom without the full picture... the bone looks healthy for something that has been hacked apart with what I believe to be an axe or large knife? It is quite a sight bloodier than some of the other pieces we have so I would say it was one of the first cuts, potentially pre-mortem. That is the limit of my observations, now let us hear your own Holmes, for I am sure they are far more extensive than mine."
you as much as anyone has ever loved another, is a sin and a crime, it is one that I would willingly die for." The tears that welled in Sherlock's eyes, bright and sudden as he spoke made John hold the one piece of him he had in his hand tighter, and when, as he finally was honest with himself and Sherlock both, for he had loved him from the start, Sherlock's tears began to fall in earnest John couldn't help but pull him close.
Resilience was one of John's more useful traits and thanks to it he was fully functional again after a few days in bed. At his check up the doctor had been totally baffled by the speed of it, his ribs were healed entirely, the holes sealed up and scarring nicely. Even the brand on his shoulder had become just that- a brand.
221 Baker Street stood towering above them, it's shadow sprawling across half the street, the emptiness of it quite obvious. "How do we plan on getting in? I don't have my key and I'm sure the locks have been changed by now- Sherlock! We're in broad daylight you can't just-" Sherlock glared and shushed back at him while his hands continued to pick the lock. "I'm surprised at you John, Where's your sense of adventure gone to?" John rolled his eyes and smiled exasperatedly. "Just hurry up and get us inside will you? Prat" he added fondly, and even from behind he could see Sherlock's face wrinkle up into a smile. His own smile was faltering,faltering, faltering, because each little thing they did would be the last time they did anything at all together, each stupid joke that made both of them laugh might be (would be John, do you doubt me? a voice that sounded uncannily like Sherlock asked in his head) the last, The last time he'd get to look at those wonderous curls, The last time he'd see that crooked grin... the last chance he had to say-. The lock clicked and the door swung open, Sherlock grinning triumphantly as he swooped inside and John raced after him.
. Ordinary - completely and utterly so - though the scene was , Sherlock knew he would treasure this time like a closely guarded secret no matter how boring it should have been.
John pressed their foreheads together, anything to get closer. The feeling of Sherlock’s skin against his like this was like a dream, a revelation written in their shared space. His own voice wasn’t exactly stable when he tried to speak. “God, we’ve wasted so much
when he considered that John’s mark, the portion of it that he had managed to see at least, matched his own birthdate. For once he understood the mindframe of the general populace. In this scenario, part of him was convinced that ignorance was bliss.
“Wait,” Sherlock said, catching himself before he could grab the doctor by his sleeve. “I don’t have my phone with me here. May I borrow yours? Need to text.”
Bleak. Sherlock had always had an obvious dislike for hospitals, institutions filled with the ill and their teary families, brimming with disease and sentiment in equal measure. He wasn't sure which should be more abhorrent to him. The pungent odour (Disinfectant, bleach, infection) was one that he could barely tolerate, and he spent a fair amount of time with dead bodies lying open and decomposing in his fridge. He was grateful that he could forgo sleep because John was yawning as subtly as he could into the shoulder of his coat while they walked arm in arm into the foyer to wait for Clara. "This is insane. I can't believe she didn't tell me!" John raged quietly and Sherlock, not the biggest Harry fan couldn't help himself "I can't believe it's not her liver" he muttered and John put his hand over his mouth, stifling his own decidedly inappropriate giggles at that comment and opening his eyes wide in shock. Sherlock caught on rather quickly "Ah. Not good?" he asked bashfully rubbing the back of his neck and smiling. John grinned back "Bit not good yeah." His easy smile faltered when he remembered their purpose for standing in this hospital though and Sherlock held his gaze, stroking the curve of his jaw soothingly and remaining a silent but reassuring presence at John's side as he scanned the crowded waiting room for Clara.
Lestrade knew exactly where he was coming from. " Tell me about it. Apparently the British government likes to make an appearance in my mind more often than even you could deem appropriate. God we're well and truly fucked aren't we?" John raised his glass and took a long gulp. Despite his stature, John could hold a substantial amount of alcohol and he wasn't even tipsy yet. It was more a symbolic thing than anything else. "I've barely been home for two weeks and I'm pretty sure he has no clue that I'm gone. Ugh." "Only one thing for it then mate" Greg smiled softly. "Think it's about time we rolled the dice and let the chips fall where they may. I mean you can't avoid him forever and I'd rather not turn scarlet every time Mycroft enters a room. I reckon that we should just say something, a double date even if it makes you feel better." John was crumbling. Damn Sherlock for making him think more logically. "Right. You're right. Let's do this then." Greg blanched but rose and pulled his jacket back on, straightening his tie and resolving to at least attempt to act cool. John's eyes were determined and his gait was purposeful. They were doing this. "Where to?" "221 Baker street."
" He walked into the desert and disappeared, yet no one questioned it?" John met his gaze "No. He went through sleepy hollow." Lestrade began another question but Sherlock answered it. "Soldiers go there to commit suicide obviously, shooting themselves. All he had to do was fire a shot and he wouldn't be disturbed because no one would venture there without the intent to remain indefinitely." Sleepy hollow was a nice name for the escape that it was for some people who were in the mindframe to do it, it was strange that no one was stopped though. Their tour must have had some very sympathetic heads to allow suicide. "Interesting. Didn't think people dug there own graves any more but they do in this sleepy hollow apparently." John nodded, grimacing before pushing himself up off the floor. "Can we..." he gestures to the door. Sherlock looked to Lestrade who just nodded that they could leave.
He thinks absently that he might actually understand why John had made him watch that ridiculous animated film about the singing native Americans, because right at this moment he feels every heartbeat of the Earth like a drum in his soul and the beat is sounding John John John John John. He is weightless now, if he had the strength to he'd apologise but he's wrecked already, and John has barely even taken his clothes off.
"So, dinner? There are sixty five restaurants in the vicinity that can be secured in moments" Greg looked at Mycroft and shook his head "No no your mother should get a home cooked meal. I'll go now, John? Any chance of a hand?" John nodded and smiled wryly at Sherlock before jumping to his feet and leaving, Greg on his tails.
Even now, a full year later I can still see your face when you visited my grave. So many things left unsaid between us, even now in death we can't seem to find the courage to confess. I have been gone a long time, and will be gone for so much longer still, and I wonder often if you will have found someone else to take care of and hold close while I'm away, a girlfriend that won't be disturbed by The Work or rather just me so she'll stay, and you'll get your normal life and a beautiful wife and the 2.5 kids and a white picket fence. I was always selfish, but in this I find myself to be more so than even I thought I would be. I would begrudge you that comfort, the normality and stability she would provide just so I could make sure you stayed mine, even if we were simply flatmates once more, although simple was never a word that I would have used to describe our relationship.
"Yes. But they'll be good different. Better. The three of us against the rest of the world." John replies softly, reaching a hand in to stroke her tiny and as she stirs slightly in her sleep. Sherlock's heart swells as he takes in this, the family he had never thought he would get to have, the love that he feels for them both making him want to stay in this moment forever as John sways softly and begins to hum a lullaby to their daughter:
just…” Sherlock arched up against him, pressing their bodies together entirely and sealing it with a searing kiss, their tongues dancing together as John ground down against him, revelling in the feeling of their cocks dragging against each other. Sherlock’s moans and whimpers were caught easily in his mouth, and John could not remember ever having tasted anything so sweet.
"Holmes, what...? I'm not--" Holmes swallowed and there was no hope in his voice, his eyes cast down, unable to meet Watson's when he spoke next.
He’d have it tied up already if it wasn’t for John’s refusal to let him, and the limited mobility one experiences after being stabbed and half drowned. If he could have gotten up for longer than it took to go to the bathroom without feeling like he was going to burst a lung, Sherlock would have been in John’s business until he got answers, but that wasn’t happening.
Sarah was there to greet him, smiling at him as if he was the best thing she'd seen all day and couldn't wait to spend time with him. In times of extreme bitterness he wondered why Sherlock never looked at him like that, why he didn't even notice if he was gone. He took her soft hand in his and sat down with her, smiling and laughing, talking about their days and generally having a nice time. "John?" she asked, late into the night as they lay on her sofa together. "Yeah?" "What would you think about maybe moving in here?" John froze. Moving in... It was a huge step, fact but to say no would mean to end everything they'd worked for. It was time to move on with his life. He couldn't wait forever for a pipeline dream, life was never going to start again if he didn't leave, no matter how much he ached to stay. "I'd love to Sarah" John replied with a fake smile. Later when Sarah was sleeping, John allowed the few silent tears to fall. Some dreams don't come true, but that doesn't mean you have to be happy about it.
Days passed, the stack of empty bottles of sun cream grew steadily, tans darkened, waistlines began to grow, and all four men had taken time to work out a bit after eating some of the most ridiculously luxurious food they could imagine.  It had actually been quite a bonding experience, the four of them in the gym laughing and singing along to the radio blaring 'O sole mio' and 'Nessun Dorma.' Wine had been drunk (often while someone- Greg- was supposed to be cooking, every recipe called for it), tours (of places where murders or discoveries had occurred, given by a very eager guide in Sherlock) were taken, paintings were judged (apparently Mycroft had a keen interest in art and had been something of a prodigy in his youth), statues were analyzed, pubs were crawled (John's best contribution was an uncanny ability to find the best pubs) and fun was had by all. Nights had been spent in beds and pools and kitchens and on one memorable occasion under the trees in the lemon orchard (the citrus scent had lingered for the rest of the day and it was very distracting). Phones and work and the stressful world of home were forgotten, for seven days genuine contentment reigned supreme, and it was bloody marvelous.
With that John was up and away, rushing out of the line of that penetrating stare. He felt its burn all the way out the door.
Sherlock was explosive against him, a supernova of heat that John could bathe in if he wasn't so eager to experience the vision that was Sherlock Holmes when he was nude. To take off his shirt and breeches, exposing the hard length that he could feel pressing against his stomach, would be the single most erotic act of his life. It would require, however, getting up the stairs, a feat that would demand their separation, and John could scarcely bring himself to break apart to inhale, let alone for long enough to traverse the steps. "Sherlock" John said against his lips in the desperate moments between kisses "Sherlock if we do not-- climb these stairs this-- instant it --will be impossible."
"Sorry, you looked like the staring was bothering you so I figured, better off making them believe you're a snobby toff than that right?" he chuckled as he looked around Sherlock's body" They properly think I'm your dad!  Oh, and its John by the way, John Watson." In his peripheral vision Sherlock could see there were no eyes on him at all now, in fact people were actively diverting their gazes and that was quite nice. Sherlock Holmes had no problem with an audience. Loved them in fact, but only when he was being brilliant, not when he was doing something that they would try and use against him, ie being afraid of flying.
After a few minutes Sherlock was back to an almost normal temperature. John tried to give him the soup but Sherlock recoiled. It was late and John was too tired to try and force him to eat it, so he made to leave. "John?" Sherlock said, voice muffled by the pillows. "Yeah Sherlock ?" "If I eat the soup will you stay?" John was taken aback. "What?" Sherlock groaned. "If I eat the soup will you lie with me again?" John contemplated it for a while. On one hand Sherlock needed to eat something and John would be happy if he ate even a tiny amount. On the other... Lying with him like that... If he would never get to do it for real, he might as well savour the one time he did. "Alright. Eat it and I'll stay."
Some might say that this was taking advantage of someone at there most vulnerable, but Sherlock was at his most vulnerable while he was awake and around other people, concealing his emotions and taking their insults even though they slowly broke him. John still felt slightly guilty though, but he couldn't help but wonder how Sherlock truly felt about him. He wasn't exactly the type to say what he felt. It had started a few weeks earlier at the end of a long case.
in a relationship and looks down upon Clara even still, though she doesn't perceive it that way. Her hands are shaking, the obvious reason being withdrawl and yet there's more, Harry is having trouble making the decision between alcohol and the only person apart from you who has ever truly given a damn about her well being. A choice, might I add, that should not be difficult in the slightest. She wishes to live vicariously through you so she can fool herself into believing that her relationship is better than it truly is at the moment instead of actually working at it. Lying to oneself is a truly Anderson-esque ploy Harriet. Only true fools can withstand misleading themselves for very long and in the end you will have lost everything before you have come clean. That much even you must know." Sherlock finished abruptly and sat back in his chair. He may have to pay for that later, but a sense of utter satisfaction was all he could really care about at that moment. Harry looked stunned, all colour gone from her face before returning in deep maroon to cover her cheeks. She opened her mouth to bite out a scathing retort but Sherlock beat her to it. "Oh yes, and I'd get that little problem checked out if I were you."
"And to think I was convinced you'd almost gotten it. A lover, Watson. Our Mr Smyth here had a mistress, and a married one at that. Clearly they got carried away, I wouldn't be shocked to find marks of a similar nature on the lady in question, and those marks almost certainly lead to this situation." Now that he'd explained it the whole thing seemed obvious, a husband, enraged at the infidelity of his wife had sought revenge on the man responsible.
“That he's never come across someone like you before. Nothing for ye to worry about. Alrighty then. The drug should be mostly out of your system by no-”
Business had been started the very next day, and implantation a week or so later. They'd had to run before everything was finished because Lestrade had called, but here they were getting ready to see (well kind of, it was a bit early to actually see anything really) their baby.
John awoke with a start. Sometime during the past hour, his head had nudged forwards on its own until it rested squarely on the bed. He raised his head, hand squeezing the one he held, and promptly froze.
John was sitting on the windowsill of his bedroom when Greg knocked and came in with a soft grin. "You alright mate?" John nodded his head towards the wardrobe. "They got my dress uniform, beret and everything. Sherlock's going to have a coronary when he sees it." Sure enough hung on the door was a navy tunic coat complete with red sash pinned with a Victoria cross and OSM and dark trousers with red outseams. "Bloody hell John, I didn't know you'd gotten a VC!?" John looked abashed and Greg couldn't equate the jumper wearing, tea making, Sherlock chasing man he knew with the heroic army captain he'd heard nothing about.
"Guys come on, we shouldn't be here, it's a bit creepy" he whispered at them but Mike just waved his hand.
"A bit extreme don't you think? To want to get your revenge of course yes that is understandable, but to go through the trouble of butchering a man in this way, and then scattering the pieces all over town while apparently keeping his manhood as a trophy, it would have taken an awful lot to do it." Holmes nodded as he made to stand.
Jellybeans John? I am not a child. I'll eat whatever you put in front of me at this point. Can you get some copper sulfate while you're out? -SH
my day off. I’ll let Dimmock know what you figured out, might pop back here tomorrow at some stage if I get the chance, let you know how it all went - after all your phone is banjaxed.” He waited a few moments for the usual scathing-yet-witty reply, but when none came Greg simply shrugged his coat on and left with a promise to keep him up to date on the investigation.
"Drink, Greg?" John offered as he pushed himself up and out of the water, ambling past Sherlock's chair while running his hands through his hair, standing it up  and shaking the wetness out of it.
John shrugged. "I'm pretty sure every 16 year old works in Tesco at some point. Well, not you, obviously. But all my friends when I was growing up did and so did I. I spent an entire summer working back here when I was 16 and it really hasn't changed. Just like the door lock can be opened from the inside if you hit it at the right angle."
Sherlock stretched out from his fetal position on the sofa in his apartment. He steepled his fingers under his chin and thought hard about what he had convinced himself to do next. He had no choice really, dinner had proven that he was compromised, and if he couldn't concentrate properly during a paltry dinner because of John Watson, how would he fare on a case? Going to that hospital today, and this was coming from a drug user who'd almost OD’d a short time ago, had been one of the least intelligent decisions he had ever made. Deleting it, all of it, that was the only way to fix this… feeling in his chest. Mycroft had told him years ago that caring was not an advantage and he had, much to Sherlock's disappointment, been right.
John's hands did not even twitch when his bottoms came off and only groaned in muffled agony when he was rolled gracelessly onto his stomach. With only spit as a barrier to soften the experience, John cried out around his gag as two long fingers breached him and invaded him mercilessly. Jesus he's physically salivating, Sherlock thought to himself as he watched this caveman style preparation from the gaps between his fingers. Too soon for John to be fully ready (But there was never going to be a perfect moment to rape your friend) Not-Sherlock sheathed himself in John and God the whimper that came from John's mouth was the worst noise Sherlock had ever heard, and he'd heard some terrible things. The pace was punishing, and what could have been (should have been, would have been?) a symphony of skin on skin that Sherlock would have treasured, was like every slap of their bodies was a punch to the gut. He could only imagine (block thought) what this was like for John. The stimulation was causing the obvious physiological reaction, but whatever John was saying sounded vaguely like a mix of desire, pain and disgust, there was no way to hear it around the shirt and Sherlock was glad. He was tentatively thankful that John was on his stomach so at least a shred of his dignity remained his own, but that changed very little when he rather unwillingly came, going limper still and making Not-Sherlock even wilder, grasping his waist with both hands and grinding down so John was smeared in his own come while getting fucked like a dog takes a bitch.
“Where are you going John? Forgetting something?” the nurse teased, her eyes flickering up to just above her head. The doctor knew what was coming, and was not surprised when he quickly glanced up to spot the mistletoe hanging right above them.
Sherlock popped his head around the curtain and smiled. "Ready to go?" John stood and picked his jumper up off the floor. "Yeah, you heard? We don't have to come back!" Sherlock smiled broadly. He really did hate hospitals, so poorly run, full of contagious people who were completely boring and doctors telling you what to do, even if you already have a better idea than they do. "I heard, it's a curtain John, not a wall." John chuckled "Why were you behind it in the first place? Was it my" John pulled a suggestive face and gestured towards himself "irresistible body?" He caught Sherlock's eye and they both laughed, Sherlock shaking his head and grabbing John's hand. "Come on, we've got things to do today. Namely find a new table" John pushed open the door, and sighed in the fresh air. It felt amazing to just feel healthy again, like he could chase down a criminal through the back streets of London at any time. If people knew that was what went through his head he'd be sent to the nut house. "Right then, where to?"
However terrible the situation, it did give a unique opportunity in that they could both be the biological parents of a child, kind of, if he agreed to do this. Hadn't they just spoken about all of this a few months ago? "You'll be a great father Sherlock, when the time comes you'll be great. I'll be right there with you and we'll raise them together." John had said. "John?" he asked timidly, unsure of himself yet again, but he put all that he wanted to say into the name, how he was terrified that this was a bad decision, his self hatred for even thinking about children at all, his confusion at the logistics of this, his patience that they didn't have to use them yet, and finally his resolve, his want and his hope that John wanted too. "Sherlock?" John breathed as he took the phone from John's grasp. "We'll be there in half an hour Clara. It will be nice to meet you." Sherlock hung up and slid out if bed, pulling on his clothes as he went. John was still staring at him in awe. "Come along John, you need to visit Harry and I apparently have an appointment with some very irritating lab rats." John shook his head and began to dress "We're really doing this aren't we? You know what Sherlock?" John asked as he tugged his jumper over his head and walked over to Sherlock in the bathroom. "Most likely but do tell" he responded with a smirk and John batted his arm. "You're bloody brilliant and I'm bloody lucky" Sherlock turned and gathered John into his arms, planting a soft kiss in his hair. He was scared for Harry, and for Sherlock doing this, but he wanted it too. "We both are love, we both are."
"Bad day?" he asked as they slid into the backseat. John sighed "A bit yeah, child abuse case, a little four year old boy. He looked a lot like you... I think I just got a bit more riled up by what Donovan was saying because of it but I still probably would have chewed them out over it" Sherlock grasped his hand and smiled brightly. "Thank you anyway. I'm looking forward to the next case already!" he joked and John chuckled. It would be interesting all right. He hadn't been kidding, one toe out of line and "Sherlock? Mycroft could get me off of a murder charge right?" and they collapsed into giggles in the back of the taxi, leaving the driver utterly bewildered.
Sherlock smiled broadly, after protesting initially at the nickname he found he rather liked it, only John would call him Lock. "Morning John" Sherlock nuzzled into John's arms and sighed contentedly. The invitation issue would wait. "What's this then, the reason you didn't come to bed I assume?" John peered over his shoulders and read for a moment. "I've seen this before... You get one every year! I knew it looked familiar, the card and envelope, the handwriting, I remember seeing them before" John seemed rather pleased with that for some reason. "Mmmm. My mother has cordially invited us to her Autumnal ball this evening." he waited for the knock down, a rejection. "Oh. Are we going?" John asked, genuinely curious. "I don't really know. I can't decide."
Amongst the faces he could pick out many he recognised, there to the left was Angelo, and a bit further up Sally Donovan and Henry Knight, Aunt Lyssa and her new beau, Sarah Sawyer, Mick, Linda, Dave and James, firefighters and medics who the residents of Baker street fondly referred to as their personal emergency response team. Closer to the front (he hoped it was the front because he was paying very little attention to actually walking, Mummy's arm through his was steering.) was Aurora and Ford and the kids, and Molly and Lucia and Mycroft and Grandmere, There seated happily was Edgar himself and his family, Sherlock's other family as they called themselves. Then there was a gap and only carpet and trees and grass and Sherlock finally put eyes front and nearly ran to the end of the aisle. There was John, standing beaming at him.. in his dress uniform, beret and all. "Oh you didn't." he muttered sotto voce. "Oh I did. Think of it as a little wedding gift." Orabelle smirked and Sherlock blushed.
John often used this room when he found himself having to break the news to distraught relatives that cutting off life support was the best way out. The same desk and two chairs have bared witness to more than a few consent forms being filled out and signed.
The world seems to hold its breath as they join properly and Sherlock can't blink, can't breathe for fear of missing even a moment of the ecstasy. Groaning from the very core of him like an animal he is finally, blessedly full, seated again against John's hips. He hadn't even noticed the tears beginning to fall down his cheeks.
"Here we go" Sherlock affirmed as the three beats passed and the doorway was pulled open for them both to step through.
“My, my. Getting ahead of ourselves, are we? Already on first name basis with the doctor -- whom you may have just remembered -- is not actually
Sherlock was as still as a statue. John's phone in his left hand, and the other grasping the bedsheets, Sherlock was staring out the window. John followed his gaze to settle on the view beyond the paneled glass. The snowfall was starting to pick up, an endless sheet of white against the muted skylights of the rooftops of central London. Slowly, the man's right hand shifted to brush over the inside of his left elbow. Silhouetted against the windows, Sherlock cut a lonely figure.
. The hospital corridors, just as busy as always, seemed to echo around him; miraculously empty without the rumbling baritone of Sherlock's voice making deductions, complaining, even insulting every member of staff in the building, anything was better than the new found silence of his day. Not that other patients didn't talk of course, but, there was no one that could hold a patch on Sherlock Holmes. How could they? Competing with Sherlock was a futile endeavor when John's thoughts constantly remained on him: if he was OK, whether or not he might see him again, what he would do if he did. Less than a week and he was spellbound by the junkie/detective/sod.
Mycroft had a courier deliver the rest of John's belongings to the flat with a short note welcoming him back to the battlefield. Sherlock examined each of the feet in the fridge and dribbled an unidentified liquid over the pig's head. John squished a few bits and pieces of his onto shelves and into cupboards. Sherlock drank the tea John made and snorted at the reappearance of the RAMC mug. John moved his suitcases to the foot of the stairs. Sherlock lay on the couch and reorganized his mind palace for a while. They swept about the flat in harmonious parallels, and if Sherlock noticed he made sure John was in his eyeline at all times well he wasn't going to read too much into that, and if John realised he kept shooting glances the detective's way well that was just a regular thing he'd always done. The evening wore on and rolled into night, and soon John was yawning and Sherlock was actually exhausted and they parted ways to go to sleep.
“How do ordinary people do this! It's infuriating! The sheer number of variables, there's no possible way to prepare for every outcome, and regular people do this as a way to pass the time? Just, just go ahead and throw their lot in with whomever they happen to ‘fancy’ at any given moment?! The risks alone should deter them enough!” Sherlock exclaimed as he ran a hand through his curls, data whirling through his head.
Glancing around the room, his smile widened even more as he took in the fact that the lounge, dull on normal days, now screamed festive joy and companionship what with the frankly amazing Christmas tree situated in the corner, adorned by ornaments and sheltering a delightful number of colourfully-wrapped presents. Blankets and quilts were thrown all over the place, some belonging to the staff themselves in an effort to make the party feel more homely. There were plenty of twinkling lights hanging from one end of the ceiling to the other, and there was even mistletoe, if you looked hard enough.
John's first reaction was to decline. He may be all kinds of stupid, but he knew when someone fancied him (with one notable exception) and he got the distinct feeling that this was more than just a casual work colleague kind of invitation. Mary, he knew, had a loving and complete family that would have wanted her to be home with them on Christmas and the fact that she had scheduled herself on for the holiday was suspicious enough.
something other than boredom and loneliness. Losing him again, maybe for good, was no longer an option. If Sherlock woke up, maybe he would stay long enough to give John the chance to explain that.
If he was honest, he kind of wished he hadn't. Three nurses were crying, another one trying desperately to console them, and if he wasn't mistaken, the raised voices coming from down the ward sounded an awful lot like Sherlock and Mary’s.
"Oh my God. Why haven't we been on the lakefront all summer?" He said in awe as six girls began to undress for an impromptu swim before their eyes. John knew for a fact that Greg was into Molly, a camper their age that had appeared out of nowhere and taken up the hot girl mantle next to Katie, but both of them were going for Andy rather than anyone else. The fact that she was there, bikini clad and smiling brightly meant that Greg couldn't help but stay, and Mike would be happy to remain as well. John however was not.
John hobbled from the cab to the door, getting steadily paler as he walked. Sherlock waited for him, knowing that he would not take kindly to being coddled nor would he enjoy being left in the dust. A very delicate balance to be maintained. There was, however, a limit to how much he would actually allow John to endure just for prides sake. That limit was fast approaching as he pushed open the door to 221. Mrs Hudson heard them come inside and bustled out to see how her boys were doing. "John dear you look very pale, are you sure you're supposed to be home now?" she asked, brushing nonexistent dust from his shoulders. "I'm fine Mrs Hudson, no need to worry, I just need some rest." Sherlock could feel him wilting and casually moved closer, making John lean against him. It was difficult to bite his tongue and not tell Mrs Hudson to leave them alone but when the old woman caught his eye she nodded and retreated almost instantly. "You take care of him Sherlock, I'll bring up some stew later for you both." She padded back into 221a and smiled slightly to herself. Her boys did make quite the pair.
"You COCK Sherlock Holmes!" John yelled from the other side of the carriage. Sherlock chuckled from his place on the floor "You say such sweet things to me John, tell me, do you kiss your mother with that mouth?" He knew he was off the hook when John's furious face gave way to relentless laughter. He blinked up at him, and John squirmed internally at the look he was giving him, as if he'd just seen him for the first time, as if he wanted to be ravished presently, across the seats John if you please. John blushed at the thought and turned to see torch beams heading in their direction. "And you called the police." He sighed and rubbed the bridge of his nose. Sherlock Holmes was alive and as annoying as ever and John couldn't have been more pleased to have the arsehole back.
With that, Greg rung off and started texting Mycroft to check the CCTV for his wayward brother and his husband. They couldn't have gotten far.
Greg Lestrade was not a secretive man. He was perfectly comfortable with being open about almost every part of his life. He liked, however, to be given the option to be open if he chose. Sherlock Holmes had never made that easy, there was no option with him because he knew everything about you instantly. Which is great for a crime scene, but not so good for live people with secrets and problems. Mycroft Holmes was neither a secret nor a problem, he was just new, exciting and confusing all at once.
Little snippets of evidence of something whirled around the mind palace, fighting for his attention, fighting to form a coherent stream of thought. Somehow, John Watson had known him, had known to call Lestrade when he awoke and, not, presumably, Mycroft who was listed as his next of kin, and had yet to show his face. He had seemed relieved to hear Sherlock’s incorrect deduction about his sister, like he had heard it all before, and yet when Sherlock had broached other personal topics he had become more standoffish.
They were stationary before he knew it and John was out of the car, opening his door with a slight blush and stood there fidgeting. "Ah, I see. I am not so egotistical as to reject your help when I am in need of it John. Well, not all the time anyway." The audible relieved exhale went unmentioned by both men, and if Sherlock had gasped when John unbelted him before lifting him up and out of the vehicle, that went unmentioned also. Jarvis' voice rang out not long after they had passed through the front door. "I was asked to deliver this message upon your arrival Mr. Watson." John chortled "Go ahead Jarvis I'm listening." he closed the door and walked into a large open plan sitting room and gently placed his charge on the 's distinctiv drawl rang out through the room. "Hey doc, We're off on the job, probably won't be there when you get back *muffled voices* Oh yeah Spangles here says I should mention that it'll be dangerous and injuries are likely, but not that likely I mean we're Earh's mightiest heroes so — Sorry about that John, Stark doesn't know when to shut up. We'll see you later ok?" the message ended with the woman's voice (Natasha, obviously) and John frowned.
"It's an 18th century medieval manor actually. And yes both Mycroft and myself spent the first paltry years of our youth here. It was hateful." John nodded, although Sherlock wasn't sure if he quite understood. "Seems more like a museum than a home, kind of...cold,strange, foreign almost. It's a wonder you turned out as well as you did living there as a baby" John remarked absently as his gaze fixed upon the grey building. "Yes my nanny did a fine job of raising me, until she became too incompetent. I was not a child for long at all, she was necessary for three years only and then I simply took care of myself, Mycroft was away at school, Mummy doing business and Father... Also doing business of a sort." Sherlock's voice dripped with malice for his father but John chose not o dwell on it. Besides which they had arrived and a similar car pulled up next to theirs.
John really wished he had gotten in a few more good hits on Henry Long before he'd passed out, because waking up to the iron tang of blood in his mouth was getting really old.
They are silent but for quick breaths as John grabs the lube they had used on the plane from his discarded trousers and slicks his fingers with it, and quietly, oh so very quietly, pushes himself inside. Sherlock for his part leans back into his hands, gasping softly, acknowledging the silence and trying his best to maintain it he encourages with soft growls that turn to whimpers as first a second, then a third finger join the first in wringing pleasure from him. Pliant in John's sure grip he writhes when John brushes just so and lights his entire body up with ease. He whines when John's fingers leave him, and John's own replying growl makes him shiver with want, a silent request for everything John can give is answered before he can blink in the repositioning of his hips and John teasing his way inside of him.
“Getting acquainted with the luxury of a hospital bed again, brother dear? Do they provide complimentary tea and biscuits as well?” Mycroft smirked.
’ John’s mind whirred to a stop. He tried to keep calm, but the minute quaking of his left hand gave him away. “Sherlock, you were here in this hospital not all that long ago. I was your doctor? Do you remem... Can you answer a few questions for me?”
"Simple, an idiot could figure this out! Look at the copper stain there, The rest of her body is immaculately groomed all bar that one stain. Add to that the depth and angle of the wounds and the cord markings on her wrists . They didn't force entry and were rather sloppy, it wasn't premeditated, they used the tools at hand. The electrician who came by yesterday. You can see the bill he left on the table by the door. It must be excruciatingly difficult to function with brains as dim as yours sometimes, this is obvious!"
It had been so long since he'd been home, so long since he'd thought of Redbeard or pirates or Mycroft - as a person rather than a series of CCTV cameras and quick access routes to top secret files. Somehow his little misadventure in the ICU, brief and filled with confusion though it was (
John sank into the seat happily, not saying a word. Sherlock appreciated John's consideration, it just showed how well matched they were that he would sit in total silence without being told off anymore. Sherlock watched the people who strolled through the park, counting four unhappy marriages, two unwittingly pregnant women, A police man with a crush on his superior (The ID said he worked in NSY. Obviously Lestrade. Sherlock put away that information for Mycroft torture later) and several members of a high profile swingers club during the two hours they sat. He was about to suggest a different spot when he saw it.
"Stop flirting with me and let me up." John laughed affectionately, and hauled himself off the cold ground to get a better picture of where they were being kept. As he looked around, John felt like he was actually getting more confused. This was ridiculous, and he couldn't believe that this was where they were, but he was incredibly familiar with it. "Sherlock, when I tell you where we are, and you get your head on straight, you're going to be so mad."
If irritability was to take a human form, it would have been Sherlock. To say he was on edge was an understatement and a half, and the rising degree of frustration he was grappling with meant a break down was almost certainly on the horizon. John for his part had learned quite quickly that the only way to survive these spells was to batten down the hatches and ignore and avoid, leaving food and drink around for him so he didn't die. That way Sherlock could have the peace and quiet he needed to think his way out of whatever problem it was he was having and John wouldn't have to pretend the constant stream of venomous insults were OK with him.
! No. Don't tell anyone anything. And take my chart with you when you go, my brother's a doctor so he'll try to read it."The doctor looked at her for a few moments and yet he picked up the chart. "It's important to have a support system in this you know, it's not going to be pleasant and the more time you give everyone to adjust, the better they'll handle the inevitable end. I won't tell them, but you should." he added before walking out and leaving Harry by herself. Only when she was certain he was gone did she allow a few small tears. She'd always said that she would live fast and die young. Funny how the world has a way of making you wish you could take it back. She would tell them, Clara and John. But only when they were too late to stop her from doing what she had planned. Carefully so as not to pull her stitches, she reached for her phone and put it up to her ear. "Hi, I'd like to book a flight please? From London to Geneva. Oneway."
When John had first told him that he and Sherlock were having a baby, Greg had been... skeptical. It wasn't that he didn't trust them (ok, it wasn't entirely because he didn't trust them) with a child, it was more that he didn't see how a baby, or a child of any age, would fit into the insane life that they had carved out for themselves. Babies needed stability, and routine, and to be fed, and changed, and remain unexposed to dangerous chemical experiments. He loved them both dearly, but it would be a lie to say that the initial idea had sat well with him.
The houses got further and further apart until there were none around and only acres and acres of golden fields to be seen. When Sherlock made a surprise turn into one, John finally understood why they had a land rover as opposed to something less ostentatious. The dirt track was just that, a dirt track, and it led through the fields of wheat and occasionally sunflowers into a looming copse of trees, a small but dense looking forest at the end of the stretch. Joh said nothing, allowing the afternoon sun to shine on his face through the window and Sherlock to have his grand reveal. The trees offered some shade and as John finally got his eyes readjusted to the darkness they were out of it again, back into the blazing sun, made all the more bright by the limestone courtyard in front of the house.
" John is, and has been for quite some time now, rather infatuated with you. I may add that you are exactly as 'mad for him' as he is for you" Sherlock opened his mouth to reply, a witty, cutting retort, perhaps about his weight or maybe even how Lestrade had forgotten his name the other day, but nothing came out. His mind was processing the information at double speed. Of course he had noticed his own attraction to his John, after all it was difficult to ignore when you awoke to it staring you in the face. Yet John felt the same way? That was... how could it have slipped past him? Unless of course Mycroft was lying. "I am not lying Sherlock. I do have a veritable list of sources and more than enough video footage to prove it to you." Proof. That was logical, easy to understand. "Show me."
Sherlock rolled his eyes and walked down the stairs that would have been used by servants back in the day, passing many workers scurrying to and fro to get to the back door. He strode out into the gentle sunshine and stopped to watch the scene unfolding oblivious to his presence. John, head thrown back in laughter with nimble fingers lacing flowers through his hair, golden light making him glow brighter than the night sky, familiar figures staring and writing and sketching and playing and singing for him. And as if he could feel Sherlock near him he opened his eyes and turned to meet Sherlock's gaze, and his smile was absolutely radiant Sherlock couldn't help but smile back. A quick word to the gang of children playing with his hair and he was up and making his way over and pulling Sherlock against him, pressing their lips together and kissing him within an inch of his life. Dazed and blinking once they'd pulled apart Sherlock couldn't even chastise John for the utterly smug face he was making. "You'll make them worse you know" he breathed and John puffed a chuckle. "They've promised me a portfolio of a piece of work each by the end of tomorrow, I'm hoping that makes it in at least once. Hungry?"
John’s eyes flared with empathy, and he was wrapped tightly in his dressing gowned (It was Sherlock’s own, John had gone to change in his room, their room?) arms in seconds.
Their lips had barely touched when there was a light knock on the door. John sighed into Sherlock's mouth before pulling back. "We should go, don't want to make a bad first impression." He grabbed Sherlock's hand and dragged him closer. "We'll continue in the car" he whispered, picking up the suitcase. Sherlock smirked and opened the door, throwing his coat on as they ran down the stairs side by side. The car was evidently expensive ti Sherlock, the bullet proof glass seemed a tad excessive, but then again this was Mummy they were talking about. John didn't notice it of course, he clambered straight in and when Sherlock didn't follow instantly he reached out and grabbed Sherlock's scarf, effectively forcing him into the car.
He was thankfully back to full cognitive function by now and had scathingly refused the offer of a shock blanket and a trip to the hospital. A few cuts and bruises, superficial wounds were all he was afflicted with and he was not in any mood to deal with a gang of doctors prodding at him all night. "I'm fine. We're leaving! Come on John we can walk home from here." Sherlock leapt up and out of the offending vehicle and John half smiled at him, utterly exasperated but happy. "Alright Sherlock, but we have to report to Lestrade first" John gave him the look, the I-am-serious-don't-even-try-and-argue look and Sherlock pouted but rushed over to Lestrade and began talking at a mile a minute. John snorted and the paramedic bandaging his hand looked at Sherlock who was lamenting the stupidity of London's finest to Lestrade.
,” Sherlock had caught amongst the hushed whispers between the staff and even medical students passing through the ward. “
She'd put him at ease from the first time they'd met with her easy going ways and quick fire stories. God they would be in her debt forever for giving them this opportunity, regardless of whether she thought so or not. He'd been absolutely terrified when she had agreed to meet up with him and Sherlock after that phone call, and truthfully he'd spent the better part of the week beforehand fretting endlessly about how she might react to Sherlock. John had been completely shocked by Sherlock's attempt to ease his worry by being affable and Mary's almost instant acceptance of the consulting detective she'd heard so much about.
Sherlock was eager to get home as the taxi drove down Baker street, and he threw cash at the driver before springing out the door, leaving John to deal with the luggage once again and tearing inside the front door.
Yes. Anything for you John. Of course he'd said yes, for what else could he have said? "I can't come to your wedding and I can't be your best man because it makes every cell of my being wither to think of you not being mine?" That would have been unfair on John, and Sherlock, for all the depth of his emotions towards the unassuming doctor, just wanted him to be happy. He deserved so much more than Sherlock could give. All he could offer was everything he was, and that, he knew, could never be enough. For anyone. Mary, well she was wonderful, perfect, exactly the type of woman he'd had nightmares about for a long time when thinking of how he could lose John, and the nightmares had manifested perfectly in her. She was funny and of above average intelligence, and to top it off she liked Sherlock. She was exactly what John wanted, and Sherlock couldn't fault him for that.
All other named characters are from the movie itself or in the case of Debbie, just a random name. Hopefully this isn't confusing for people anyway, it was an idea that I couldn't shake having watched the love scene between Ben and McKinley. If you watch nothing else, watch that bit.
John really couldn't keep his eyes open for very long, the lids had grown steadily heavier as they swelled up into purple lumps protruding from his face. The beating had not stopped, just moved from face to chest. With the difficulty he was having breathing John could only hope that a cracked rib or two were the worst of his problems. At least it's not the nail bat again he scoffed to himself. Sebastian was panting, his knuckles torn and bleeding, or just covered in John's blood. He couldn't really tell. Either way Sebastian was tired now, and his hands were sore. He picked up a small blade and twirled it almost gently between his thumb and forefinger, looking at his watch and grinning. "Your genius isn't as clever as you seem to believe he is Johnny boy" Sebastian crooned at him. John couldn't answer, he didn't even hear what Sebastian had said. Every few seconds he would drift out of consciousness. It was pretty pleasant actually, a brief respite from the pulsing agony that was his body.
The second hospital was still intact, but it was older, much older. The place would be a near ruin by now without the proper maintenance. That left two, and they were equally likely. Similar ages nigh on identical in architecture, this would be a choice. "50/50" Sherlock whispered. "What?" Greg quipped, looking back to the computer. "It's a 50/50 chance that whichever one of these I go to, the other will contain John. There's only time to get to one." Greg looked at his watch. They had only got just under two hours left. "Right. Well then, which one are we going for?" Sherlock glared at him. "I will be going to that one." Greg looked at the photo. It was an old, crumbling redbrick building with barred windows. There was an obvious basement level that had no windows, in keeping with what they could see on the video. "We're going Sherlock, it's going to be dangerous, hell, everything you do is dangerous but this time John isn't there to cover you. So I'm going Sherlock, whether you like it or not. Plus," Greg smiled slightly "I have handcuffs, and a gun." "I will stay here to update you if necessary." Mycroft ushered them to the door and the waiting car. "Do be careful brother." He added as they closed the door. Sherlock smiled. He would be very, very careful.
Again, Sherlock cut across him, but this time he simply sounded tired, like even the act of breathing was a strain on him. “J-, I… Look, could you just get out of the way? I need to leave.”
A/N Halfway!  I'm trying an AU (in which Sherlock is a guitar player and frontman of a band) teen!lock and song fic this time so that's new.
Greg was grabbed from behind pretty much as soon as he made it into the ballroom that had been transformers into a dining room and would undoubtedly be turned back later. Mycroft spun him around to face him and Greg felt his stomach drop at the raw look on his face. "My are you alright?" Mycroft huffed a dry laugh. "I'm perfectly alright dear Gregory, I simply wish to tell you that I love you, and that I hope you are aware of the fact." Greg took his elbows and steered them out of the doorway into a corner that was only really visible from one side anyway and took his face in his hands, soft hold on soft skin for a man who, in love, was just that, gentle and soft, new, no matter how long they were together. "Of course I know that My, and you know I feel the same way. I always will, even when you make me crazy and I want to just punch you and all the secret service guards that follow along with your every move." Mycroft gaped and Greg rolled his eyes before planting a gentle kiss into his hair. "I love you, you muppet, and you'd best remember it. Now, lets get out there, if memory serves we have a lovely spot at the table over there, on the stage. This'll be mortifying. Let's go!" Grinning he dragged Mycroft along behind him and Mycroft smiled at his back. If caring was not an advantage, then by God he was the most disadvantaged man in the room.
He watched as Inspector Lestrade shackled the slightly bruised man, and Holmes revelled in his deductions, coat billowing out behind him like a black sail. “The dark smudges on the victim’s neck will correspond perfectly with the soot under his nails, and a cursory questioning of the master of the brickworks would suffice to prove Mr. Thompson’s employment there at the time of the murder.” He concluded with a wave of his hand.
Sitting up, however, proved to be a much greater undertaking than Sherlock had originally anticipated. “Oh.” He groaned, biting his tongue as he registered the fiery stretch of a wound recently stitched together protesting explosively at his ministrations.
Lestrade chuckled and began reorganizing the sheafs of paper that had spread across the room as they worked. “Alright, alright, I’ll go. Tell John thanks for the call would you? Despite what you’d like to think, I’m glad he called, even if it
Martha Hudson surveyed the guests seated at their round tables from her spot on the dais. Everyone they had invited had arrived, and as per their idea there was no division between Sherlock's guests and John's, everyone was jumbled up together. Sergeant Donovan raised a hand to her as their eyes met and she laughed. Six months ago Sally Donovan would have been the last person anyone would have expected to see at this particular union but after cutting off the man she'd been seeing her demeanor had changed entirely. In fact she had taken it upon herself to stand up for them, and while she didn't take back some of what she said because Sherlock was an arse most of the time and she would pick him up on it if he was, she did apologise for the useless insults and accusations. The boys had been more than happy to forgive and forget (well Sherlock had needed a bit of prodding but when didn't he?) and a sort of tenuous friendship had sprung up. It was nice to see she had brought a plus one, a very handsome fellow that (she'd learn later) ran the chain of coffee shops Sally frequented. Angelo beamed up at her and she blushed, he did have a lovely smile.
Lestrade visited a few times bearing nothing but a sombre expression and well wishes from the rest of Scotland Yard. During one of these visits, he even brought along a box full of what John eventually realised to be case files.
John picked Timothy up and popped him on his lap, playing peek-a-boo and laughing away with him. He could feel the little boy getting tired, so he cradled him into his arms and rocked him, humming softly. The music played on, and te low hum of voices and glasses continued, but all Timothy could hear was a soft voice singing to him as he fell asleep.
"Abbey Bernstein, Mike! I'm sure she'd be happy to get John in her bunk, after all it's not like she's looking to get married or anything in the near future so she doesn't need to be in a relationship to have a good time, and with all the guys she's been screwing around with I'm sure that bagging John on the last night would give her street cred. Loads of the girls like him after all, but we're looking for a one time deal here." Dubious though he was at the logic, it was a fair point that Abbey seemed to be the only girl they could ask without getting slapped, and her general lack of fucks given might work to their favour. This in mind they set out to find her and hopefully get her on board.
Sherlock went to the nearest technology shop he could find and looked at thirty four different cameras. He was just barely paying attention. After all this was sort of a big issue, he had no experience and it was John, John would have been the only person he would willingly do this with for real. Except it wouldn't be real. He would have to keep reminding himself of that. In the end he bought the second one he'd looked at and walked home as it got steadily darker. When he arrived back he went straight to his room and set up the camera on a tripod before going back out to see what John was up to. In the living room John was sitting on the couch with two glasses and a full bottle of whiskey. "It might be a bit easier with a shot of this" he shrugged before patting the seat next to him.
“What's wrong with us keeping Sherlock here for the time being?” John asked. “and shouldn't you be asking Doctor Stamford regarding this instead? I'm no longer Sherlock's attending physician.”
Mrs Hudson was dabbing her eyes and smiling wider than Sherlock could ever remember seeing when she handed him the ring, not even news of her husband's execution had made her smile that much, and Greg too as both men said I do. When the priest finally got to the important part, Sherlock himself didn't think he could stop smiling even if Anderson had been the one officiating the ceremony. "Then, by the power vested in me, by the Church of England and Her majesty Queen Victoria, I pronounce you husbands. You may kiss your partner." John smiled up at him, a cheeky little grin before Sherlock was down, John dipping him low, a flurry of flower petals raining down on the breeze like they were in some sort of awful Rom-Com but as he grabbed a hold of John's jacket and held on for dear life as they kissed, he couldn't bring himself to care. He was John's and John was his, till death do us part. "Not in front of the children lads" Gregs voice sounded among cheers and there was an outbreak of laughter. "I love you" Sherlock murmured against his lips as John pulled him upright again with a laugh. "I know, I love you too."
"Shhh it's okay hun, it's alright, I'm right here, I'll always be right here" Sherlock woke to hear John's voice, whispering softly into his ear, arms wrapped tightly around him, one hand stroking his hair. "Hun?" John faltered for a moment and Sherlock turned to look at him. "Sherlock is a bit long to be saying all the time... Besides it suits you, sleeping you anyway." Ah. He had been obvious then, about what he was dreaming about. Sherlock quivered and shuffled closer to John, breathing in his smell. "Thank you. For holding me. It's... good. How long...?" John held him closer still, yawning slightly. "All night. I don't mind, I quite like holding you." Sherlock smiled down at John. "John" Sherlock almost purred the word and John grinned, kissing him softly before nestling down to catch a few hours sleep. His hand found Sherlock's ear and stroked absent mindedly at the lobe. Sherlock found himself growing drowsy. He did not protest when he fell into a restful sleep, dreaming of John calling him hun for the rest of his life. They still had four hours before it was time to make an appearance at breakfast.
After the divorce Greg was left a good portion of their money and possessions but he had to concede the house. When Mycroft had realised that he was living in a small flat, he had essentially moved him into his house within the hour. Greg didn't remember being given a choice in the matter but he was glad to be there. It was good to be able to see him whenever he was around and to say goodbye before either of them left. Plus Greg enjoyed being able to contribute something to his life.
Oddly, John couldn't actually say that he felt an overwhelming sense of grief, or that the thought of never seeing his sister again made him nauseous. He knew that this was the right decision for Harry, and that was all he could ask for. Some people never got this chance, to choose how they greeted death, he almost hadn't, the people Sherlock worked cases for didn't, and nearly everyone else didn't either. So, when Harry looked at him, pleading not to argue, gave him the same look she had years earlier when she'd first become an alcoholic, he knew that he should tell the truth. "I couldn't imagine a more fitting choice Harry. I've supported you this far, and it's not going to stop now. I'll come with you to the airport later, any last requests?" Clara gave him a grateful smile through her tears, they needed to be alone and he understood. "Use the eggs Johnny, don't just leave them there to waste away ok? Oh, and don't you dare name them Harriet or any permutations there of, God I
"Coop, the camp goat took a shit in the infirmary that I'm gonna need you to clean up, and John, there are four campers stuck in the rope course I'd like you to deal with, I meant to mention it to you yesterday. That's pretty much it, I know we're all looking forward to the talent show tonight so I'll let you go, Sherlock and Irene have a lot to do anyway, as do the rest of you. I'll see you later, I've got to look in on Henry's astrophysics class." Beth dismissed the counsellors to go and prepare for the final day of camp and all the craziness that entailed. She had a busy day ahead of her knowing full well that this would be the worst day of work, the counsellors were always doing their own thing on the final day and just keeping track of them was trouble enough. Looking at her watch, she gave it until 1pm before she lost track of them completely. Sometimes she wondered why she had decided to become a camp director in the first place.
- “amazing”, John breathed. “I’m Doctor Watson. You can call me John, and unless you’ve been shadowing me for the past year, I’d very much like to know how you knew all that about me. Your name’s Sherlock, yes?”
"Where... what am I supposed to...?" In this, John had the knowledge, the art of it, and Sherlock, stiffening as he was under the hungry gaze John was giving him, did not know what was expected of him.
"Oh." John breathed when he could see again. Still, Sherlock said nothing, and they disembarked the car in silence.
John curled his hands around Sherlock's hips and smiled aginst his mouth, kissing him softly again and again until he shuddered and lost the tense stance he'd adopted without even realising.
Sherlock indulged in a small smile for his sibling before turning back to his parents, smile widening and giving a small nod to each in gratitude, food already forgotten and mind racing with the thoughts of a thousand possible futures with a certain John Watson by his side.
"Yes. But they'll be good different. Better. The three of us against the rest of the world." John replies softly, reaching a hand in to stroke her tiny and as she stirs slightly in her sleep. Sherlock's heart swells as he takes in this, the family he had never thought he would get to have, the love that he feels for them both making him want to stay in this moment forever as John sways softly and begins to hum a lullaby to their daughter:
"John, Meet cousin Ford, his wife Violet, and their daughter Beth, and that's Ford's sister Aurora, her husband Victor and their daughters Artemis and Athena. Everyone, this is John, my fiancé." All the girls squealed and clapped while John blushed and shook hands with them all. "It's nice to meet you. I've heard next to nothing about any of you." John said honestly and they laughed. "That sounds about right for him. We know about the same amount about you so I think we'll have some fun on this holiday for once! We have something to do!" Aurora took her girls and Victor's hands and sighed. "So. Where's the funeral party then?"
John took measured steps towards Sherlock's left flank. Reaching out, he laid a gentle hand on the man's shoulder, which broke Sherlock out of his reverie.
Dinner was a quiet but jovial affair (Sherlock opted for Chinese, a little anniversary slap for the fall of the Black Lotus ring 18 months prior, not that John knew that) Mrs Hudson had joined them for a while, embracing John tightly and dabbing her eyes as she trilled over having her boys together again before leaving for her herbal soother. The general silence wasn't awkward in any way, both men were happy just to be in each others company.
This time though, this time John was waiting, and Sherlock didn't care about boundaries or what anyone would think or say, he needed to physically feel John against him so he instinctively just grabbed him and rested his face against his pulse, the place where his scent was strongest, where Sherlock could feel he was alive. When John lifted him into his lap wrapped him in his arms being silent really was all he could do not to embarrass himself by saying something inappropriate, like how much he loved that John just knew exactly what he needed and gave it, always gave him anything no matter how he might feel about what it was, how much he loved him. If he died you'd die too. The realisation had been on the edge of his brain for a while now, but the mere idea brought the remnants of his nightmare back to him. Blood. Mary. Harpoon. Moriarty. Gun. He could
The music changed, fading from the slow waltz into something much more up beat, a tango of sorts, and in moments the lazy affection turned to heat with just a look. With feline grace, Sherlock twisted their bodies together, until he and John's bodies were slinking against each other with every move. Soon the room had dwindled to just them, at least that was how it seemed.
“Are you sure? You seem a bit off and I don’t want to leave you if there’s something wrong, and we’ve talked about it before so, just say the word.”
The stupid prat had robbed him of all common sense, because that suddenly seemed like a good excuse, and John sympathized with him. More than that. He wanted, needed, to help him. He couldn't, of course, Switzerland and the brother and disappearing all playing their role, but he wanted to- wanted to somehow prove that this life, fucked as it was, didn't have to be so unbelievably boring that you would resort to killing yourself slowly to get away from it.
The meal was quite pleasant, conversations ranged from work to the childhoods of Sherlock and Mycroft and questions about Lestrade and how he and Mycroft were doing. "Last I spoke to him they were having a, oh what's the phrase... Little domestic? I spoke to Mycroft about it briefly. The manor has plenty of spare rooms he could sleep in when Lestrade kicks him out of his yet he slept on the couch. Seems rather idiotic." Sherlock scoffed, poking his food about rather than actually eating it. "It's just something people do Sherlock, it's not really about the availability of other sleeping arrangements. You're supposed to be uncomfortable, it's kind of like saying sorry for making your partner upset, but you still have to say sorry." John tried to explain in an easily understood way but the whole practice did seem a bit daft, especially if there was somewhere else you could sleep properly. Before Sherlock could say anything John held up his hands in a placating gesture "I don't make the social conventions" he added and Sherlock rolled his eyes in an affectionate sort of way.
"I was just about to head home, didn't want to leave without getting a chance to say goodbye, It was a wonderful day. Where are you going for your honeymoon?" Sherlock frowned and John blushed as he said "Sex holiday" and Sherlock nodded in understanding. Mary guffawed and then burst out laughing and John blushed a little bit more. "Sorry, whooo, Oh you are one funny guy Sherlock, where are you guys headed for your sex holiday then?" John smiled to himself at Mary's easy acceptance of their oddness. "My family own an old farm house in central France, nice and isolated from civilisation with only each other for a week and then a second week with Greg and Mycroft in Majorca." Sherlock was quite looking forward to both, the house in France was perfect for all the unclothedness he was planning and Majorca was good for the party scene and their villa was quite beautiful, the pool overlooking the sea was something he was very eager to put to good use. Mary grinned and winked salaciously at them "Well have fun then, I'll see you when you get back." With a quick wave she was gone out into the night.
, it was the butcher! Come along at once and we shall see if he is still to be found!" With that he was pulled to his feet and they were off, racing out of the alleyway past the sergeants stationed at the opening and off down the street to the butcher shop.
make you John, don't doubt that for a second" He whispered, tongue licking a long line up his neck. "I tend to get what I want John, and what I want, have wanted for a long time, is you." Sherlock was looking into John's eyes now, waiting for permission to do all he had envisioned. John tilted his head up wards and their lips met with force, each trying to experience everything at once. The tea was pushed off the table and yes the mug had been one of their last few but as Sherlock put it "No one else is going to be allowed in for a while anyway, we have to christen the whole flat!" For once a household task Sherlock would actively participate in, and
Sherlock inhaled softly as John walked by to inspect the kitchen. The smell was warming and cosy, a smell he'd come to associate with contentment and laughter, a scent he had yearned for the past two years and never been able to recreate. He couldn't describe it accurately to anyone who hadn't smelled it. It was warm and earthy, like a wood fire burning in the living room in the winter, with subtle notes of sweet marmalade and gun oil and the herbal scent of tea, all eclipsed by something that was entirely John's own. "We could do with a shop seeing as there's nothing here that you can put in your mouth safely" John laughed as he rifled through presses, bypassing petrified dishes and only looking into other receptacles before dismissing the contents as inedible with a fond grin. "There's biscuits." Sherlock said contrite, producing a half empty packet of chocolate digestive that definitely belonged to Mrs Hudson out from under a pile of stuff. John huffed another laugh and pulled out his phone. "Chinese or Indian?"
"I'm going, I'm going, time is of the essence and all that, I just don't see why he would put them in--"
John yawned widely and grinned to himself, thanks to a lucky round of rock paper scissors Sherlock was the one who had to deal with his mother and Mrs Hudson first thing in the morning while John got the afternoon and then Sherlock had both again as Mrs Hudson was his best man and Mummy insisted on giving the poor man away. Instead John would be greeted at a more reasonable hour by Greg and Molly, who was set to arrive on the first train of the day. He took his time showering, chuckling at the fact all his preferred brands of bathing products were awaiting him, and stood in front of the sink shaving for a good thirty minutes, taking extra care to get each hair until his face was smooth and his door was opening. "John? Molly just got here so I'm going to grab her and then we'll be back" Greg called to him from the bedroom and he yelled back his acknowledgments. Years of odd hours with his doctor training and then the military meant John could work with only having two or three hours of sleep, but still, looking at his face in the mirror he would have liked to look a bit more refreshed.
The ring Sherlock had gotten John was a simple gold band, with thin lines scratched into the surface of it. Most people would see it as maybe a type of Sanskrit or perhaps a lesser know branch of Arabic but in truth it was Tolkien's Elvish, something John would doubtless appreciate given his obvious adoration of the fantasy novel. If there was anything that John could be taunted with it would probably be his inherent love of 'nerd' culture - Dr. Who and Torchwood were the only two shows he would really watch and Sherlock didn't even try and disturb him anymore,missing them made him rather irritable, but even that endeared John to Sherlock, so much so that he had read all of Tolkien's works and accidentally learned Elvish, which he was going to delete until he had the idea of using it to engrave John's ring. The squiggly lines actually made the ring look rather similar to the ring of power from the series itself, although it didn't speak of ruling the world, but rather something much more sentimental. The engraving itself had been Molly's idea, she had always felt that a personal message to last a lifetime on someone's hand was incredibly romantic. Now that he saw it, he had to agree. Everyday John would glance down at his hand while doing ordinary mundane tasks like filling the kettle and he would see Sherlock's message and smile. The engraving read "Until the stars fade away and whatever we orbit combusts, Until there is no oxygen left, Until our transport is decayed and long since gone, Until we crumble to dust in the Earth, and even then, I'm yours."It was lucky that Elvish letters were more like phrases and each line was so thin, his message covered the circumference of the ring entirely. He closed the box gently and popped it onto the scarf before folding it up and hiding the box from view and then he tucked it safely into his coat's inner pocket. He had everything arranged and a couple of hours from now he was going to do it. God this was nervewracking, the waiting that is, for John to come home and then for the right time to let him in on his plans except the obvious part. There was still that niggling doubt in the back of his mind, that John would reject him and bolt, just as he had feared he was going to when he first admitted his feelings to John in the middle of the night. He had to push past this, block it out as he used to with all his emotions.
Sherlock needed to get away, and quick. He could afford no more distractions, not when the Work was calling out to him once more. “Oh please,” he trained his gaze on Mycroft. “I needed the push to figure out how to work the case, and now I’ve got it. I’m fine now. I can handle myself.” If Mycroft had noticed how Sherlock blatantly ignored any of his previous questions, he did not bring it up. He simply straightened his posture, gave a minute nod, and with a cursory flick of his umbrella, was out the door.
John leaned down and kissed Sherlock sweetly as he read the engraving on the platinum cufflinks he'd gotten him, it was the date they had met, and, at least for John, the day he'd fallen head over heels for the man who'd given him everything. "I'm glad you like them" Sherlock said, blinking owlishly up at John and looking so thoroughly kissed that John had to kiss him again. As per the agreement they'd made when they'd first become mates, John had gotten Greg to tickets to see a football match, and Greg had done the same for him, meaning they both got to go to two seeing as their Holmes' were totally uninterested. From Mummy, much to his delight, John had received an obviously handknitted jumper that matched the aubrigine shirt she had chosen for Sherlock. He watched nervously as Sherlock reached for the gift he had bought for him.
"Sherlock, I feel the same way" John murmured, hurriedly grabbing his pale wrist and pulling him back to lie with him. John scooted over to make more room for the tall man to lie down comfortably and smiled broadly at the look of relief and hope on Sherlock's face. John grabbed Sherlock's hand and nestled close to him until he had soft curls on his shoulder. Sherlock listened to the steady sound of John breathing and began to doze off.
” John panted as he slid to the ground against a wall, rubbing his eyes with the heels of his hands.
It as well past three am when Greg woke, his throat aching and dry. Careful so as not to disturb Mycroft, he rose and made his way to the kitchen. A soft noise gave him reason to pause. He stood, completely still and waited. Again the noise sounded from Sherlock and John's room. It didn't sound like anything good was going on. Tip-toeing Greg pressed an ear to the door and listened. "Seb... no... I... hurts" the quiet whimper was a sleeping Sherlock. "Shhhhh, it's alright Sherlock, I'm here, I'm here" he could hear John whispering to the clearly nightmare riddled man. Greg felt sick to his stomach as he walked away. What had this Sebastian done?
"Might as well order again, I know what she'll get anyway. Do you want another?" John asked, pushing himself up and heading towards the queue. "Surprise me" Sherlock smirked and John rolled his eyes fondly before heading to the back of the line. In that moment the staff door creaked open, and a woman that was unmistakably Harriet Watson emerged. Somewhat shorter than her brother, Harry's blue eyes and sandy blonde locks were the image of John's, although the similarities between them ended there. Despite her short stature Harry was rather slender, her face all sharp angles and harsh lines. Her eyes lit up in recognition when she saw Sherlock and began striding over as John made his way back to the table with their drinks in hand. "Johnny!" she exclaimed, although the tilt of apprehension in her voice did not go unnoticed by Sherlock, she waited for John to free his hands and swept him into a hug. "Alright Harry?" he smiled shyly as Harry ruffled his hair with a smile "Never better Johnny." John sat next to Sherlock and gestured for her to sit opposite before turning to Sherlock "Harry meet Sherlock Holmes, my fiancé. Sherlock , this is Harry my older sister." Sherlock swept his eyes over her and pursed his lips, extending a hand to her "Enchanté Harry" he purred, John subtly took his hand under the table, silent gratitude for the company manners he was attempting to employ. Harry stared at John incredulously "You should have mentioned that on the phone, do you just talk to him in French all the time to hear his voice sound like that?" Sherlock jerked minutely in surprise as Harry gripped his hand and shook it briefly. John smirked "Actually no, he didn't know I spoke French until just now funnily enough" he giggled and Sherlock gave his hand a squeeze, evidently they were going to talk about that later.
"Well, where's the fun in that?" Sherlock winked, hyperaware of the adrenaline surging through them both, their close proximity, his heartbeat ratcheting higher as they locked eyes. Just as he felt the inexorable slide inwards begin, a gruff voice cut through their reverie and John jumped backward, deliberately looking away.
The slow panic had returned. What if she disapproved of John? True she had always doted on him but would that stretch to another, especially with the complex all mothers had about losing their sons, but she wasn't all mothers and John wasn't stealing him away, there was a possibility that rule only applied to other women taking sons from their mothers. "Stop thinking about whatever it is. I can feel you getting agitated you know. It'll be fine, talk me through it at least, maybe a sounding board will help" John soothed him, wishing he could just offer a cup of tea. Tea solved everything.
"What we need" Greg sighed around a cigarette "is a girl who's a free spirit and doesn't give two fucks what people think of her, plus doesn't want a relationship or whatever and also wants to fuck somebody today as long as they're half decent looking and presumably a good lay." Mike snorted and read over their list again.
“Sherlock? Sherlock, lunch is ready sweetheart , now pop on downstairs to the dining room , we're waiting for you!” Mummy's voice carried to him from the bottom of the stairs and Sherlock sighed, pushing his legs out to open the door.
With all this in mind, Sherlock propositioned John over tea. "From Christmas eve to New years day." John peered at him over the top of the paper "Are you going to elaborate or is this one of those times I'm supposed to be able to deduce what you mean because if it is I don't think you'll be very pleased…" Sherlock rolled his eyes, smirking slightly. "Those are the dates during which we have been invited, or rather ordered, to stay with Mummy. The Holmes Christmas calendar is rather full and utterly dull for the most part, however I've never had a John there with me before so I cannot say with any certainty that it would be the same this time around. We're looking at Christmas dinner with the family, As in Mummy, Mycroft, myself, and hopefully you and Lestrade. Boxing day is for relaxation after the affairs of the day before, and up until New years eve we should mostly be left to our own devices. New years eve is the night of Mummy's annual party and it's a tedious affair filled almost exclusively with vacuous people that I detest and that reciprocate the sentiment. The only people in attendance worth meeting would be my cousins Sherrinford and Aurora and their families." John snickered into his paper. "I can't believe how mad your names are! I have never heard of anyone outside of a Disney movie called Aurora and Sherrinford well that's just… But you like them?" Sherlock glowered and played with the handle of his cup. "Like is not a term I would generally apply, but I suppose in this case it's applicable. They're part of the French quarter of the family so we didn't meet very often, but being of similar age and sharing a dislike of the events we were forced to attend… Yes I suppose I like them." John smiled. It had taken a long enough time to get Sherlock to admit that he considered some people to be his friends, and to know that he had family members, albeit foreign ones that he barely saw, that he liked was comforting. The idea of a young Sherlock being tormented and lonely tore at John's heart even now and if these two cousins offered a brief respite from that he was sure he would love to meet them. "Alright, it's been a while since you spent Christmas with your family anyway" he grinned "plus this will give me the chance to see any baby pictures!" Sherlock groaned and John laughed happily, forgetting at least for the time being his melancholy.
With Sherlock gone John could finally think properly about what was going to happen. It was going to be incredibly awkward if they were kissing for the first time while making a porno. "Oh Jesus. This would only happen to us wouldn't it?" The only logical solution was to do a bit first, ease the tension between them, and then... And then.
Flying around the world had kind of become his job these days, after writing a book about his experience of war, PTSD and discharge depression, coupled with the treatments he'd found most effective in recovering from the latter and a bit of snark about how the government was pumping funds into the wrong areas, John had been cajoled by his agent to go around the world on a book tour, giving speeches and meeting people who could relate to his story with a struggle of their own, and even some that couldn't but enjoyed his work.  He'd learned quickly the best way to travel in an airport, and that was why when his flight was delayed John was the only person not fighting for plug sockets or having homicidal thoughts about the crying baby there invariably would be. He'd up and moved gates within moments of the announcement, lashed his agent a quick text to let them know he'd not be in London until quite a bit later than originally planned, and settled into an empty gate in all the comfort he could manage with his phone and laptop charging away in the oasis of quiet.
when I see it. Trust me, as someone who had to endure the pain of not just one, but two, long-distance relationships in the span of her lifetime, I know what undisguised longing looks like on a person's face, and you, Doctor Watson, are practically radiating with it.”
His gaze flicking back to the blonde man in front of him, Sherlock could see that there was something weighing heavily on John’s mind, and that somehow Sherlock was involved.
A short text was all that alerted them to the fact that Harry was no longer a living, breathing organism. The world did not stop turning, people did not enquire as to her whereabouts as if they could somehow feel that something was wrong, and John did not cry again. He did stop the clocks and cover the mirrors because "that was what was done when any Watson died and he would not be the one to stop the tradition now." Their lives went on. Clara did not come home from Switzerland, choosing to live in the town adjacent to the cemetery because she should have had more time at Harry's side anyway. That was all they wanted, more time. Not for the first time, Sherlock was immesurably grateful that he had met John, because now he knew exactly how it would feel to lose someone you loved. All the time in the world would never be enough.
Sherlock viciously wiped that thought away. He had wondered about those numbers as a child; wondered if there was really someone out there who could be his partner for life, one who he'd take care of, and be cared for in return.
"What is he doing?" Mycroft popped up next to Holly in the silent way he always did. "I believehe's speaking good conversational French sir. That sounded quite like he was asking how they got so cute. After all, no one else will talk to him." Holly replied with a raised brow, and Mycroft couldn't help the low sigh that escaped him. "It's not quite so simple here. I would of course but this is not the appropriate setting. You know precisely the consequences he would face if people realised we were a couple. I will not have either of us be ridiculed for our choices Holly. Not all in this room would be so accepting of my choice of partner, as you well know. It's a different generation entirely and Gregory should not have to deal with prejudice from them." It was a depressing thought, but outing himself to the family would be a mistake. He had heard what they said about Sherlock, and he was expected to 'rebel'. Mycroft was not afforded the same luxury and Gregory would be better off if no one knew until the end of the trip. That way they didn't have to deal with the fallout. Holly frowned seriously at him. "You need to have explained this to him already Mycroft. You know what he's like." Mycroft smiled to himself. Yes, he knew what Gregory was like. Openly and constantly affectionate, always trying to make him laugh or smile, loyal, clever, a fan of making romantic gestures, he was wonderful, and surprisingly sensitive to any sort of rejection. They had both learned that the hard way just recently. But here... here that wouldn't be acceptable. "I'll speak to him later tonight." Holly rolled her eyes. "Really? So you can't be seen talking but he can go and sleep in the same bed as you? Not exactly a difficult connection to make Mycroft." He blinked slowly and turned away. "I'll deal with it." he murmured more to himself than her and strode back into the crowd, immersing himself in conversation with cousin Quentin who had just arrived.
He lay on the ground for another couple of minutes before trying, very slowly, to get up - an endeavour that his pounding head put paid to fairly quickly, leaving the detective slumped and panting against the tower of dairy products. A concussion. Wonderful. With no small effort, Sherlock scooted his way over to John, checking his pulse and breathing a sigh of relief at the steady beat and regular puffs of breath visible in the cold air. Hopefully he would wake sooner rather than later because as of that moment, wrapping himself around his husband's prone form, Sherlock had no idea what he was supposed to do next.
"Are you awake?" Sherlock whispered through his chattering teeth from his place wrapped around John like a schoolbag.
"Hey, Are you alright?" a warm voice laced with caution intruded on his ramblings and Sherlock opened his eyes to find his face was in the shade of another's. The worry lines marred what was otherwise a very handsome face, all golden tones and bright blue eyes. "I am fine. How's your shoulder?" The man flew back with a startled gasp that bled into a long and hearty laugh. The man wiped tears of mirth from his eyes and Sherlock lay, still flat on his back in the dirt, staring up at him. Sherlock sighed in relief when he realised where he was, finally. He was getting slow. "Alright, I'll bite. How did you know about my shoulder then?" Sherlock smirked broadly "I deduced it. Just as I deduced that you were in the army, probably a doctor but most likely a surgeon and were just invalided out by the very wound of which I speak, or that your older brother recently came out of a longterm relationship and is an alcoholic." He watched as the man's eyebrows clambered steadily higher up his face with a sense of satisfied resignation to the oncoming insults. "That… is bloody brilliant! How did you know all that!? We've just met, I have no idea who you are, and you just… wow!" He was quite vocally awestruck and Sherlock wondered why that made his heart flutter so in his chest. Determined not to show just how surprised and gratified he truly was, Sherlock launched into explanations of his deductions for the man who had laughed not at him but more… he couldn't express it. "I read your military service in your hair cut and your posture, you clearly have medical knowledge as I could see you performing a visual triage on me right away, and your hands are calloused in the precise way anyone who frequently uses medical equipment's hands are. Your left hand was shaking slightly before I fully regained consciousness so wounded in action then, can't have a surgeon with quivering hands - invalided home. The brother is obvious from your phone, an expensive model that someone supported by only an army pension would never buy, a gift then, "To Harry love Clara" with what I assume are three x's because I can't quite see it all is the engraving on the back, evidently given to your brother by his lover and yet you have it now, this particular model is only six months old so clearly he left her, and recently too, he'd have kept it if it had been the other way around, and gave the phone to you in the hopes you'd keep in touch but you're not happy with him, you've never really gotten on, maybe you liked his wife,more likely you dislike his drinking, which is abundantly clear to see in the scratch marks by the charging dock. Shaky hands. Never see a sober man's phone with them, never see a drunk's without them. Did I get it right?" Sherlock finally stopped for breath and the man just stared at him for a moment.
He was more confused than ever. Did this mean they weren't.. boyfriends, then? What did John mean by “complicated”? And why did it seem like he hasn't bothered to properly reject Mary's flirtations? It was as if he did want to rule out Mary as a romantic interest, due to..?
Greg almost smiled to hear the detective acknowledge that there was something between them."Well. For starters I have a rather distraught John Watson in my bed upstairs" he started putting fingers up with each point to emphasise it "I've seen the way he looked at you from day one, spent nights with him in the pub getting smashed and talking about you, listened to him list everything that was wrong with whatever woman he was out with at the time which generally boiled down to not you and sat outside with him in the middle of the night while he told me that you had confirmed his biggest fear with your own mouth." Back to the sneer with Sherlock, but Greg knew that meant he was getting there. "Oh please, John is not some period drama heroine who has to-" and that was when he played the recording. Sherlock was silent through it all.
The revelation had hit him on the plane, when Gregory had texted him asking (he thinks it was a joke) if this month long trip was annual so he could plan his own schedule around him being gone. In front of at least three colleagues, he'd almost actually laughed. And then it hit him that he was in love with the salt and pepper haired detective, and he was terrified. This was the point at which caring became a disadvantage, because now Gregory could destroy him by leaving, if he left Mycroft wouldn't be able to go to the manor because the whole place was memory after memory of Gregory, cooking, dressing, lounging, grinning, laughing, coming apart above him. At the same time, Gregory could be targeted by association and that... He wasn't sure which was worse because either way, whatever small semblance of a heart he had was Gregory's and would live and die with him. He sipped at his scotch.
I was experimenting with blood sugar levels on ones ability to function, as you know my dietary habits are less than what most would consider to be normal and by extension so is my blood sugar but I have been taking pills to lower it even further ( for the case John!) and I may be in trouble -SH
Sherlock spun the photo he was looking at around so Lestrade could see the small series of family photographs that were hung on the walls in the background. “Yes, the brother. Used the antique ivory tusk as a sort of harpoon if my calculations are correct. He should still be reachable at his home address where he more than likely has both the tusk and the DNA on it  so if you’d like to, perhaps, arrest him ?”
"I never begrudge a man his pleasure Mr..?" Watson smiled as he gazed at him from head to toe and glanced pointedly at the sketches on the wall. Sherlock coughed at the overt acknowledgement.
He was still in awe of the extravagant buildings and grounds. There were peacocks strolling by the fountains for crying out loud. It suited Mycroft though, everything about him screamed upper class. It seemed only appropriate that he lived in a manor that was probably worth more than an entire street in London.
To say the sight that greeted him was surprising would be a lie. Somehow even after one brief not-quite-conversation with the man, John felt he knew him well enough to know that this was a regular occurrence for Sherlock;
> Sub folder 1: Appearance (His eyes his smile the wrinkle of his frown the hidden musculature of his--) -delete.
. There was a connection there, whether it was soulmates or destiny or the bloody ghost of Christmas future, John had been the one to let it slip through his grasp.
Sherlock had taken his time with the incident report, after all he hadn't actually pushed him, he had simply brushed past with the knowledge that his equilibrium was off already. Lestrade had sat across from entire time, filling in similar forms. They were compainionable in their own way, a deep friendship that had formed over many years, but nothing close to how he had first felt about John. Rightly so, John was much more intelligent than Lestrade, and kind, and brave to boot. "If you keep sighing I will have to kick you" Lestrade said wearily. He just wanted to go home and have dinner alone with Mycroft for the first time in a good five days. Sherlock hadn't realised he had been sighing at all, but maybe he had been. He signed the bottom of the page with a flourish and handed it to Lestrade. "Call if Moran strikes again." with that he was gone in a dramatic flurry of coat tails and clicking heels. If there was ever a reason to go home John was it. Even in sleep he was what Sherlock wanted, needed even. If Sherlock straggled into bed as the sun rose John simply moved over to make room for his against his skin. That was what Sherlock was looking forward to on the drive home.
"When are we allowed to leave without breaking out?" Sherlock asked Mycroft, his hand falling into John's as he felt his body tense on the bed - nightmare. "The end of the week is the earliest, John's ribs need to repair fully before they can let him leave." Sherlock pouted. He hated hospitals with their stupid rules and incompetent staff, sick people were better off at home where they could die in peace. "Hm. If there are any interesting cases you know where to find me. I'm sure John will be thrilled to learn of your visit." He was making an effort to dismiss people in a more kindly manner especially since these two people in particular had been of assistance with obtaining John. Thankfully they took the hint and left, allowing Sherlock to rest his head next to John's chest and fall asleep to the steady thrum of his heart.
The fire had died down significantly by the time John made a move to bank it, leaving them in semi darkness. Once he was standing John moved to be next to Sherlock and the window, staring out into the deluge with him and wondering what it was that he could see. The music faded out into silence and then it was just the two of them against the rest of the world. Thunder rolled overhead.
Molly giggled into her coffee as John regaled her with tales of the bachelor party, she had been invited but covering the graveyard shift for a friend so she could have the whole weekend off for the actual ceremony was a fair enough excuse not to go. "And then Sally just pulled them both up on the bar Coyote Ugly style and I don't think I've heard so many wolf whistles in my life as when Greg and Sherlock started to dance and go along with it, say nothing about the look on Sally's face and she just shrugged and continued, God Mols you should have seen it!" Greg's eyes twinkled with mischief and John narrowed his eyes. "What did you do?" he asked and Greg beamed "Guess who has photos and video footage of the whole thing?" "You cheeky bastard! Come on then Molly, you're in for a treat, I hadn't even gotten to the bit about the stripper-" Greg chimed in "or the horn!" Whipping out his phone while wiping tears of laughter from his eyes all three settled into their chairs, allowing very discreet, very well paid, very exasperated staff to get on with their hairs. Greg's and John's would take no length if they could sit still. Molly was laughing so hard she could barely breath by the time she made it to the end of the photos, the last one being of Greg with a massive grin, covered in glitter, taking a photo of himself with Mycroft's passed out form. Last strand of hair safely tucked into a yellow bow and light make up applied by said well paid (and lightly amused) staff, all three were dismissed in their robes back to John's half of the house. The make shift barbershop cum beautician had set up in a large communal bathroom on the second of four floors with bedrooms on the fourth, their journey back upstairs meant bumping into a large quantity of the Ledger clan, all of whom assured him unprompted that they were working on their various pieces, a few were already finished but most would be scribbling away until the last available moment. Distantly he could hear a high voice complaining about having their hair brushed, no amount of explaining that the wedding was only hours away abated the grumbles, in fact all those efforts received was a bitter "That isn't my fault!" John glanced at the time. Half past eleven, only just under three hours to go until he'd be expected on the altar, watching as Sherlock walked up the aisle and into the rest of their lives. He couldn't bloody wait.
"See you around"  he quipped and strode on, pulling his suitcase behind him and disappearing into the throng. A tinny voice called his flight number over the tannoy and Sherlock was up in a moment, speeding back to the right gate and making it just in time to catch Mrs Hudson's disapproving glance as she boarded, one of the last to do so because she had waited for him. Walking up the metal steps into the plane, Sherlock had the sudden realisation that he was not nearly drunk enough to endure this flight, not drunk at all actually. And now he'd have to sit next to some buffoon for 14 hours as well. Just perfect.
"Hello John, Gregory." he merely smirked at Sherlock and gestured to the sofas and chairs that littered the room. John chose to sit close to the door, a seat Sherlock was glad to remain near and in that mindset he flopped down on the sofa next to John, throwing his coat behind him. "Hello mummy. You've been keeping well I see. How were the Maldives, thoroughly unsatisfactory I take it." Sherlock did not ask any questions, he simply stated what he saw to be true, and her holiday had been awful. The hotel staff had been entirely incompetent and she had hated every minute of it. "Indeed. How are you Sherlock, I trust you've occupied your time with more" a quick flutter at John "reputable endeavours than when I saw you last?" Sherlock shrugged. "On occasion."
'From Mycroft H. This might be of assistance Detective. MH' An audio file was attached and Greg had a feeling he knew what was in it even before he heard heard his own voice from ten minutes previous.
at all, to ensure that they receive the best treatment and are well looked after while they're stuck in this miserable place. I've seen patients surrounded by family almost 24/7, I've seen others who only receive as much as one visitor every other day. They all crave someone else to see them through this trying time, to keep them in line. Your brother is no different. As far as I know, you're the only family he has, and he has hinted that you're too busy with affairs of the state. Now, the only friend I think he has is that Detective Inspector Lestrade. Even he has commitments outside of Sherlock.”
"Come on, it's not like you have a better idea, is it?" Greg asked from his seat on the floor. When no one responded he pulled the dusty box from it's shelf and blew the motes from the lid."Snakes and ladders it is then, unless cluedo-" "NO!" John yelled slowly making his way back from the kitchen with tea and coffee. "Not cluedo. Never cluedo" Greg looked perturbed between Sherlock and John. "John has only played that game with me once and he was not satisfied with my crime, just because I didn't follow the paltry cards." Sherlock pouted and Mycroft laughed. "How was he to know?" Sherlock looked incredulously at them all, They seemed to be with John on this. "We were the only two playing, one person creates a crime the other solves it based on the missing cards among those that remain. I gave John all the cards. None were missing therefore the crime was committed by someone else. Obviously." Mycroft smiled at that and leaned into Greg who patted his hand. John gravitate to the floor as the board was set up and soon Sherlock had his head in his lap. "Quick question. Does anybody want to play snakes and ladders or can we go somewhere fun like the shooting range at the station?" Greg asked. "I don't hate you right now Lestrade." Sherlock called, and quieter into John's ear "You are very attractive with a smoking gun in your hand." They all scrambled up and out the door, leaving snakes and ladders forgotten on the floor.
"Okay then. When you said estate you were really serious? Jesus..." John breathed, mouth open at the splendour that was the Holmes estate. "Peacocks? You can't seriously think that I'd believe you grew up here? It's a palace for petes sake!" John guffawed as the car began the descent of the avenue. Lined with trees, the avenue provided both security and decoration, it also added to the mysterious air about the place. Through the gaps in the trees you could just make out a fountain here, an ornate pillar there. Sir Faowler Holmes had done a splendid job. That was what all the gentry and other nobility said when they appeared for a ball or banquet when Sherlock was younger. How he despised the place. It's one redeeming feature was in the back, hidden away from everyone. Even Mycroft was yet to discover where on earth Sherlock used to hide as a youth. Perhaps he would show John later if things became unbearable.
"Sh'lck... what..." John blinked dopily and Not-Sherlock grinned, beginning to unbutton his shirt. Barechested and snarling he pushed John to the ground, popping the buttons of his pyjama top with one hand and holding him down with the other. The dawning realisation in John's body of what was happening was something awful, and when he desperately tried to fight, struggling for all his doped up body was worth, Sherlock almost couldn't bear to see what was coming next. Thud - John's head hitting the ground after a brutal left hook, Pop- his shoulder (the right one, small though that mercy seemed) being torn from the socket with a smile, Slap - the hand that crossed his face and then shoved a shirt into his mouth, quieting his yelps of pain. Again and again, the sound of John's beating went on until he lay limp yet awake on the ground and then, only then, did Not-Sherlock take off his trousers to display just how much of an effect the display had made on him.
Goading them into going after him was also a skill of his. Why he never saw this coming he couldn't understand, especially when he was in situations like this. He never could seem to get a hold of his mouth when it started to get away from him.
In the moment, the idea of rejection, and of binding himself to an addict, had been too much to contemplate, too close to the bone for him. Now… now it didn't seem worth it, letting Sherlock leave when he knew in his gut that they were
He strode through the hospital entrance, up to the locker room to deposit his clean clothes and went straight to the nurses’ station to be updated on his patients’ progress.
"It's always like this, welcome to the club John." Victor smiled and chivvied his daughters forwards. "So what do you guys do then?" John asked as they wound their way through the halls at a leisurely pace. "I'm a fashion designer back in Paris and Victor here is a pharmacist." Violet chimed and John realised he shouldn't be surprised. All Holmes' were high achievers regardless of if they gained the name by blood or marriage. Victor flushed. "I'd ask you about yourself but... eh... don't tell anyone but I read your blog. The Aluminum crutch? Amazing. I'm sure he keeps you on your toes." John beamed and
"Must you be quite so fastidious in your note taking Watson? Half the time the most relevant details are forgotten about anyway and you're currently ignoring the actual events you write about occurring, Master Smyth won't reassemble himself you know!" Holmes quipped cheerily as he manoeuvred a lump of what was probably torso at one point a small degree to the left. Watson smiled and tucked his notebook away with an exasperated but fond sigh, pulling his gloves back on before he crouched next to the detective as he attempted to reconstruct the various pieces of the late Mr Smyth they had managed to recover into something resembling a body.
It was John's song. He swallowed deeply and lifted his bow. The melody flowed out with ease, soft at first, low, melancholy notes building to a crescendo that was John all over.
It was getting more difficult not to act, action was in his nature, but he could be content with just this, he could.
Sherlock smirked gleefully for a moment before a pointed elbow to the ribs from Mycroft shut him down. When they had to be seen together, he was supposed to behave, for Mummy rather than his brother he generally complied, but that wooden box - being lifted up and out of the church now - was a clue in a murder case that was rapidly becoming interesting.
As they walked down the winding corridors Sherlock took John's hand in his. "I have a confession to make." John stared up at him, entirely confused. "I got Molly to bring dinner for us here before she left." John chuckled softly "She always did have a soft spot for you, do anything you asked that girl would." Sherlock snorted "She wouldn't go away now would she?" he joked lightly as he pushed the door to the lab open and flicked on the lights. John gaped at the sight that awaited him. The usually covered in equipment and other things he would rather not think about desk had been cleared and cleaned and covered in a table cloth. Two plates of food, still steaming lay waiting expectantly on it, separated by a candle. "Seems like Molly is bringing Angelo's to us, down to the candle" John beamed and Sherlock was proud that he had thought of this, it was a perfect combination of the two of the most important moments of their lives together. The setting was the place where they first met and had subsequently spent many long nights working on cases, dancing carefully around their feelings, With help from Molly he had brought the scene of their first date to them and all of the memories that came with it, and to top it all off Sherlock had avoided all cameras, so even Mycroft wouldn't know that this was happening before John did. "Shall we?" Sherlock said, smirking at John who returned the grin, he had uttered those words once before in a situation very similar to this. "How, exactly, did you convince Molly to let you do this? Won't we contaminate something?" John asked, looking around the room that was suspiciously clean and smelled of lemon. "Bribery John, she needed her lab cleaned, and I was more than happy to oblige because I needed it clean too." John rolled his eyes and smiled "You're welcome to bribe me any time, the flat definitely needs cleaning and you seem to be very good at it!" he winked before picking up a fork and stabbing a piece of what turned out to be mushroom ravioli. Sherlock picked at the meal, occasionally eating small bites of it and chatting to John about utter drivel to stop himself from babbling. John laughed openly at a story he was telling, Mycroft had been such an odd child and John loved to hear these stories. Sherlock knew that he would want to be the cause of that laughter for the rest of his life.
John opened the door to 221b and sighed. The old smell of tea, burning and a faint hint hydrochloric acid was comforting, and he had missed it while they'd been away. Sherlock swooped in behindhim and settled himself onto the couch, lying back, hands steepled under his chin in a familiar pose. "Coffee?" John asked, already having the kettle on for tea. Sherlock didn't respond, but that was usually a yes so John carried his coffee -black, two sugars- over to him. Sherlock accepted the cup and placed it on the small table. John slipped into his armchair and opened his laptop. "Blogging about our exploits?" John laughed "I don't think people want to hear about how fantastic you look on horseback quite honestly, although the photo I took is really something... No, just letting people know we're back if there's any cases" Sherlock furrowed his brow. "I don't remember you taking a photo..." John winked at him "That was the point."
“Well, from what I can gather, Mr Holmes said he was bored and he wasn't best pleased with Amy when she told him he couldn't go home and he said some right awful stuff about her and her boyfriend, and then Sarah and Marie overheard and went over to help and got the same treatment. But I don't know really, hard to hear with all the sobbing and what not.” John sighed heavily.
But as Sherlock lay in the bed of his childhood he mulled it over. What should have been such a simple question: Are you alright, was not quite so clear cut as it had once been.
"You're worse than I am, and I'm the one about to birth a child. Babies don't really like to follow the schedules we set out for them, even when they are planned down to the minute" (Mycroft had become just a bit of an insane person when he'd been told by Sherlock that he was going to be an uncle, Greg was pretty sure he had this baby's life scheduled out from labour to the first three years. It was his way of showing his support, and Lestrade was pretty sure that John and Sherlock appreciated it.)
Right around that moment was when Greg realised the original party of three were all dressed in fluffy white robes, still, which might have added to the awkwardness. "Let's get dressed shall we? Molly, there's a room next door that your suitcase was brought to by Sebastian, You take Esme with you, give her a proper hello eh?" He was hit across the back of the head simultaneously by John and Lucia, and Molly rolled her eyes. Her confidence was blossoming in Lucia's company, they were both clearly very happy and that was all John really needed to know. She wasn't quite over her shyness, and flustering Molly was so simple sometimes you did it without even noticing, but six months ago that last comment might have made her stammer and blush or get defensive. Not any more. John for one knew that underneath all the backwards self esteem issues Molly was a very strong, brave and loyal woman, she just needed a hand letting other people see that. Gently inclining her head towards the door Lucia plucked up Molly's hand lightly in hers as they left. "Right so. Into our Sunday best."
"Oh for fuck sake!" Sherlock swore to himself and rushed diagonally across the grass to intercept his wayward doctor. Who was not very pleased at being intercepted. "Can you please just let me go?! I will use force to make you if I have to Sherlock." Sherlock grabbed him by the arms and glared. "I AM TRYING TO TELL YOU SOMETHING RATHER IMPORTANT AND YOU ARE MAKING IT INCREDIBLY DIFFICULT." John blinked up at him and was still for all of a second before trying roll away again and Sherlock, well he was done trying to articulate his feelings because clearly he wasn't very good at it.
As silently as he could, Sherlock opened his bedroom door and crept out, stealing glances around the flat as he tiptoed towards the front door. Unfortunately, lying in his path was a very familiar man. Bruised and battered beyond belief, John was laying fully nude on his back, displaying the destruction of his body that Sherlock had carried out. Eyes shut, it wasn't unfeasible to think him dead, but for the rhythmic rise and fall of his chest. Bile rose in Sherlock's throat as he saw a little river of blood dryed on the skin of John's thighs, and he turned quickly, flying to the bin to empty his stomach into it.
Holly looked across at Molly standing beside her once again against the balcony. This could be the perfect opportunity, but if she's wrong...
It seemed simple enough, and Sherlock would love nothing more than to reach across the table and press their lips together, John would gasp and he'd take the advantage of his mouth being open to explore it with his tongue. Then he'd be across to the other side of the table and John would be against the wall, hips pushing against his, fighting to remove his trousers and Sherlock would smirk and snake his hand down and then John would be moaning and begging him to do more and he would oblige and they would both be naked all of a sudden and he'd push John down into the soft rug in the living room. Slowly but surely he'd loosen him up until both of them were writhing and then he'd fill John completely, making both of them want to scream with pleasure and maybe one of them would and John would beg him to go faster and he would and he'd be moaning John's name into his mouth and then John would tighten around him and the noise of his name flying from John's lips like a prayer would tip him over too and they'd lay together on the floor until they decided that maybe a bed was a better option.
“Your bags will be in your bedrooms of course, it's quite late for dinner but maybe a light supper will do the trick before bed. After all lunch will be quite spectacular tomorrow, and I know how tired you both must be, so I'll leave my questions until the morning. Tea anyone?” Mycroft slumped into a chair and nodded, his hand twitching surreptitiously in his pocket under the table, texting his assistant with instructions to murder him no doubt.  Sherlock sat at the other end next to their father, both of them content to be silent.
Ah. Sherlock hadn't thought of the fact that John could always get a woman to make his with, and he would be perfectly happy to. Sherlock, however, would not be able to do anything at all with anyone else. No one else "did it" for him. "Because it would be much simpler and quite frankly less time consuming, that way we can both be in the office at the same time in case of trouble, and if you want me to be blatantly honest with you I don't like the idea of doing it with someone I don't know or like." Sherlock didn't mention that it would be his first time, he didn't really have to. John knew, or could tell or something. Either way he could feel himself blushing and wanted to run away. Embarrassment was not an emotion he was particularly comfortable with at all.
right there, alright? What kind of person do you take me to be, eh, Mister Holmes?” John retorted, mouth agape in disbelief.
at you… Tell me I can touch you.” He begged, crawling up Sherlock’s body until they were forehead to forehead, breathing each other’s air.
The first time John had his hands on Sherlock's body had been a bit of a disappointment seeing as Sherlock had been drugged off his face and could barely remember the incident at all, let alone with the type of clarity he would have liked. As far as first substantial physical interactions with the person you had rather strong... who's company you wished to enjoy, it wasn't exactly up to par. Or even vaguely near it.
The door opened a second time and Sherlock had his eyes closed "I said don't talk to me" he spat in the general direction of the door. "I hope that was meant for Mycroft because you'll be lucky if all I do is talk to you." John muttered as he made his way across to Sherlock's side with stitches and bandages. "John I" John shook his head "Later. Right now you're a patient and I'm going to treat you like that. Treatment first, everything else after." John used his most commanding voice and Sherlock was not in any state to argue. Carefully John lowered himself onto the couch and lifted Sherlock into an upright position and then sat at his side, hands fluttering gently over his skin. "This will sting quite a bit" he said through gritted teeth as he ran the needle through Sherlock's skin. John was not enjoying inflicting the pain anymore than Sherlock enjoyed feeling it.
"John?" "Yes Sherlock?" "Is it not good that I like having you closer to me, like you were earlier?" John shook his head."No that's fine, most people like having the people they like near them." John nearly hit himself for the insinuation, no way to take it back now though. Again there was prolonged silence. "Would you... Say that you
“Sorry to wake you, but your rounds start in about ten minutes and the OD patient in ICU has been ID’d, last I heard Mr Holmes is waking up so I thought you might like to head there first? His next of kin still can't be contacted.” She didn't wait for a response before rushing off with a grin, and John was quickly up and out too, anxious to see what type of man this Mr Holmes was.
Taken one summer evening from the corner of the porch (so neither of them had been any the wiser), about a year before Mycroft had gone away to school, it was one of the few photos of himself that Sherlock wanted to keep safe. He was being carried, muddied, sleeping and completely oblivious on Mycroft's back while Mycroft smiled softly into the evening sun and held him tightly, like he wanted to be sure he wouldn't wake the boy whose sleeping breath blew gently across his hair.
"How long was I out?" John asked, running a quick assessment of his injuries as he registered the cold, and the swelling of his left brow that made frowning both an obstruction to his vision, and a literal pain in his face.
"Come on, we've landed." he said softly, picking up their hand luggage and standing as the stairs were lowered. Sherlock yawned and rubbed his eyes, following John so closely John could feel his breath warm against his neck.
“Thanks John, You sure?” John nodded and Dan rushed off, presumably to gorge himself on some much needed caffeine. Which left John alone in an empty scrub room, wondering how on earth he was in this scenario
An awkward pause and he coughed, this really wasn't his area. "So... how are you doing?" Close enough to outright asking about his emotions that Sherlock would know what he meant, far enough away that he could deny the fact if he needed to. He didn't, Sherlock spilled like a pear shaped flask set on a table. "Good. Not good. Both. Neither. Are we... Are we supposed to... feel... this guilty?" He understood what was meant by that question, it was one he'd asked himself. "I don't know little brother, does the party that receives the better deal in a relationship between ordinary people feel guilt? Perhaps, perhaps not. If all we have to live with is guilt in order to have lives with John or in my case Gregory, any penance is worth it. If guilt is all we have to pay... To feel guilty is to know how precious this gift is, to know how we are likely undeserving but we are being given everything anyway. I... I think perhaps we are supposed to feel this guilty brother mine." They sat in companionable silence for a time, and Mycroft made a note to tell Gregory how much he loved him when he saw him next.
“Sherlock, where are you? I don't…” But then he did. Just before the corridor split off into two others, a door creaked faintly and John focused on it, spotting the strip of dark navy fabric swinging just inside. He wasn't going to let this slip away again. Not when he was finally sure that there was something there.
Holmes, beneath the brim of his cap, looked quite pleased at the attempt which, Watson supposed, was something. He looked much less severe when he was pleased and Watson couldn't help the swell of pleasure in his gut at the knowledge that his work was the cause.
He strode back inside to find John reading notes attached to various bouquets, bug eyed at a particularly pleasant arrangement of roses, he spun to show them to Sherlock. "The Royal family sends their congratulations. Bloody hell. I know you're distant relations but Jesus... Media got wind I take it?" Sherlock nodded and John sighed. "Ah well, too late now for anyone to change that, we might as well open this stuff, maybe give some of these flowers to Mrs Hudson, I'm sure she'd appreciate them."
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut tightly as John's hand lingered briefly on his shoulder and then disappeared, along with the man himself, into the kitchen as promised. John's obtuse nature had meant two weeks of no sleep for Sherlock, and while he was all for staying up and doing useful things, like perfecting his Mandarin accent or cultivating his poison garden, but that wasn't what was happening. Oh no. Instead his treacherous mind would swirl around the idea that if John were present he would be able to sleep. Unproven conjecture on his own part and that was infuriating in and of itself. His first rule was never to theorise without all the facts. At best he had two facts: John was a frequent and practiced sleeper. The knowledge that he continued to breathe in a regular and calm manner was... comforting. John's potential influence on his own () issues was another matter entirely.
His invitation was for Sherlock Holmes plus guest. Never in the history of this event had his invitation allowed for another person in his life. In fairness there'd never been one before John. That changed everything. Declining the invitation as he had for many years now would make it seem as if the rumours (It was common in the Holmes family to hear rumours about all members, especially with an event coming up) about his relationship were false, like he wasn't proud of John. He could see it now, the looks people would share at their expense, the mockery that would be made of himself and then of John.
That question was one that only John Watson could answer. If Mycroft had any room left to feel guilty about how this would affect others at all, John was the only person he had room for. He hadn't spoken to him since telling him that he was the leak to Jim. That conversation hadn't exactly ended well, although there was something to be said for the fact that John hadn't punched him in the face like he wanted to. His self control was admirable. Mycroft couldn't remember much of the funeral at all, except that John had been a pall bearer even though he was significantly shorter than the others, that he'd given a eulogy to the odd bunch of people that had arrived for the event - Sherlock's private clients who obviously knew he couldn't be a fraud, Lestrade, Molly, Mrs Hudson, John and the gang of homeless people that had been watching them all for days. Mycroft hadn't gone to the cemetery, Anthea had simply guided him back into one of the cars and gotten him home.
John had been snapped out of his panic and was sitting, arms wrapped tightly around his face in the farthest corner of the room. "Jesus, I'm so sorry Greg I don't know what came over me, I'm so sorry" John repeated over and over like a mantra as the detective got his breath back. "S'fine" he managed to say croakily. Sherlock stayed relatively quiet. "What, exactly, does this Moran have against you?" John sighed, hands steadying, his response to danger that he could handle. "It's a long story." He sighed wearily as Sherlock perched on the edge of the stuffy old sofa that was the only useable furniture in the room. Lestrade rubbed at his neck and leaned against the door, telling forensic analysts to stay out for a while. John began his tale.
He'd always known Mycroft was a meddler but this was another level, and Sherlock… Sherlock supposedly had only ever wanted John?! There was only really two things to figure out, and he intended to do so today. He jogged home and knocked on the door, his keys were in his coat pocket, completely sopping wet and shivering slightly. Sherlock opened the door and recoiled in surprise. John never forgot his coat. "Sherlock. Is it me?" John asked through blue tinged quaking lips, still standing in the hail. Sherlock nodded silently, staring at the trickling rivers of water that travelled down John's face instead of looking at him. This was a rejection he didn't really want to watch. A calloused hand found it's way beneath his chin, freezing cold and shivering, tilted his head up to meet John's eyes, and then his lips. It was cold, John's lips were like ice but neither of them cared, because this new thing between them was warm enough to cure that. Sherlock did pull him inside of course, it wouldn't do for him to fall ill, not when they had so much time to make up for. Later, when John had been sufficiently dried, dressed in pyjamas and tucked into Sherlock's side on the sofa, he made a low snorting noise. "What?" Sherlock murmured into his hair. "We owe this" John gestured to their cocoon position on the couch "to Mycroft and a pair of shoes." Sherlock rolled his eyes and flopped his head back into the cushions as John laughed.
By the time he'd bitten these words out, their ferocity tearing the air around them , ripping brutally from his throat, John felt him rather than saw him slacken, the fight apparently gone out of him. It made John want to throw up.
"Joining me, Mr Watson Holmes?" He asked teasingly, relishing the speed at which Sherlock,  now snapped out of his daze, tore off his clothes and slid into the water. John lounged against the side of the pool while he waited and admired the sleek movement of Sherlock's body through the water, the way the moon light made his pale skin glow ethereally, like he was some sort of devastating creature of the deep.
Hours later they were tucked comfortably in bed having eaten one of the meals that were waiting for them in the fridge and drank a bottle of frankly amazing rosé. John's hand had barely left Sherlock's skin all day, in truth he'd felt a bit emotionally wrung out himself, and there was comfort in knowing that Sherlock was right there in it with him.
Mycroft made a beeline for the kitchen straight away, the smell of food had hit him the moment he had stepped in the door. Yet another perk of Gregory's presence were the exquisite meals he prepared whenever he was at home. Mycroft hadn't eaten so well outside of a five star establishment and the mere image of Gregory cooking was rather erotic. He pushed open the door, allowing himself to bask in the warm glow that greeted him for a moment. Greg laid the table and steered Mycroft to it, pushing him into a chair. The Holmes brothers had a habitual disregard for the necessity of food and while Mycroft was a very appreciative eater, he often had to neglect himself while work called, which was a regular occurrence. "Gregory, I am perfectly capable of seating myself" he announced with only a hint of sarcasm. The whole point of the excersise had been to get him to eat with as little fuss as possible. Lestrade chuckled a bit and sat opposite. "I'm sure you can, but judging by the noise your stomach is making you didn't eat very much, if at all today. So, shut up and eat the meal, then you can talk all you want, but for now, eat." Mycroft secretly loved it when Gregory ordered him around like that. He was so used to being in control that Gregory's domineering nature was very appealing.
