He sighed as he let himself collapse on the couch. It felt so empty now. Was Dean crazy for wishing Cas had stayed? He didn’t know enough about the man yet for him to rationally want that. Currently, he only knew the worst parts of Castiel, but part of him felt like maybe that didn’t matter.
“Oh, I was hoping that it could just be you, me, and mom,” Ollie interrupted, “This is, um, kind of important and I'm already nervous about it, and... Well, your dads make me more nervous, so...”
In the elevator, Dean turned on both walkie-talkies and put them on matching channels. When on a case, Dean usually carried the one with the cracked screen and gave Sammy the one with the chipped antenna because it worked better. But, tonight, he had a specific use for the good walkie-talkie. The elevator doors slid open after the brief ride, exposing the familiar luxurious hallway. Still keeping a look out for any prying eyes, Dean strode his way over to room 69a – Sam and Gabriel's room.
“Clearly, the Winchesters had taken quite the liking to angel grace,” she snipped angrily, “I continued to monitor the situation from Heaven. Watched the nephilim slowly grow. And I began to wonder – why
“I know what it is,” Sam interrupted, appearing just as uncomfortable, “Just, um. Just look around or something for a minute, okay? I've got to get some stuff.”
Everyone nodded blandly, glad to know how the process worked – except for Ollie. His mouth was open and there was a smile twitching on the corners of his mouth.
Jessie giggled and instantly opened the cover to look at the words on the pages. The lists of spells and potions inside had lots of details and weird ingredients. Things like blood, salt, rocks, and gems. They were so creepy and cool. But how exactly was this stuff going to help them find Jude and Papa?
Other than the overwhelming urge to fling herself into the throws of lust, there was only one thing on Jess's mind – and that was a Midwestern redhead with a freckled face, chocolate eyes, and a mile long unicorn fetish. Jessica was suddenly flying without being aware; letting her thumping heart and burning loins lead her directly to Oliver's location. She arrived at a crowded place with her feet planted only a few steps away from the ginger man of her dreams.
Clare listened to all four of them for a moment, admiring how warm and full of care their voices were as they said goodbye. A part of Jude's vows suddenly popped back into Clare's head. '
It felt like the breath had been stolen from Dean's lungs. For a second, he just searched Chuck's face and blinked away a few random tears, unable to cope with the magnitude of emotion swelling in his heart. He never realized it before, but everything Chuck said was true. No matter what happened, Cas always came back to Dean. Even death couldn't keep them apart. And finding out that Chuck had a helping hand in it – that God himself kept giving Cas back to Dean over and over – made him feel so
Jessica eventually made her way back to Sam and Gabe's bed, where she crawled up the side and made her way between them. Sam took off his socks before laying down and rolling toward the middle. On the other side, Gabriel shimmied into the sheets and held up Jess's white bunny. Their little girl snatched the rabbit out of the air and hugged it. He tucked Jess's baby blanket around her too, before easing into a comfortable position.
It took a few moments, but Sam's daughter eventually opened her eyes. She awoke with a start and lifted her head, spinning around in her car seat in search of something. When she caught sight of Sam, she reached out for him with both hands to grab hold his jacket.
Cas popped back into the room a few seconds later with Crowley, Rowena, and Bobby. Other than Cas, the new arrivals seemed completely lost and frustrated by being suddenly transported to a new location. Rowena was even holding a messy wooden spoon in her hand.
Jessie's head popped up at the sound of her name. Michael was staring at her with a gentle, yet professional expression as he stepped toward the doorway that led into the study.
“Clarence,” Rowena called, pulling him down into the floor with her, “Help me soak these gauze, love. We've got to keep alternating them. Jessica, cherub,” she paused to turn toward Jess, “Everything is under control here. Perhaps yer fathers would like some help back at the bunker, hmm?”
Cas will still become pissed at Dean before this story is over. Lots of emotional things are still to come, including fluff, forgiveness... and smut. ;) If you are still willing to continue reading this story after this gut-wrenching chapter, I'm very thankful to you and appreciate your trust! :) I promise, things will get better from here. :) Thank you all sooo much! The next chapter will be out soon! <3
Another chuckle escaped Dean's mouth as he shook his head a bit. Man, Cas really had his heart set on the name 'Jude,' didn't he? Dean glanced back down at the onesie in Cas's hand, where The Beatles were still in mid-step across Abbey Road...
Jess's cheeks were starting to hurt from smiling so much. With her family's support and praise, it was hard for her to feel anything but confident.
The little girl took a small step back when the daddy came back inside. He and the mommy both showered their baby with love and the view made Jessie feel so good. She was so proud that she helped a small family stay safe. This must have been what Daddy was talking about when he said that hunting was mostly about helping people. It was no wonder why he and uncle Dean did it all the time. This big giant feeling of happiness made Jess feel so
“Oh, Jess,” Ms. Jane exhaled, looking like she might actually cry as she rounded the seats to take both of Jess's hands and appraise her, “You... you really are an
Dean opened one eye to glance at the cherry pie flavored lubricant in Cas's hand – but closed it again shook his head against the pillow.
Once they were free from the crowd, Ollie led Jess around a couple of vehicles where they could be alone and catch their breath for a second. Jessica couldn't stop giggling for some reason. She laughed and leaned against her new husband, who seemed equal parts happy and relieved to be away from the crowd.
“Exactly,” she said with a sage nod, “The constant flow of good energy in this place is able to elevate even the most exciting of parties. Tonight, we'll all leave this bar drunker and merrier than hobos who've hit the lottery.”
Before Dean realized it, his voice was muffled by Cas’s mouth. The angel’s tongue met his own and the taste exploded, sending his blood pressure skyrocketing. His eyes closed on their own and he found himself incapable of forming coherent thoughts. All he knew was that if felt so damn good to finally kiss his favorite angel. A tiny hum reverberated in Cas’s deep voice as the angel’s fingers held Dean’s face, which made jolts shoot straight to Dean’s dick. And Dean kissed back as hard as he could, reaching up to tug at Cas’s tie like he always did –
“I have to tell you something,” Jude nearly whispered, tugging Clare closer by the front of his fabric jacket.
"Stay a virgin as long as you can," he uttered, his sight fixed on Jude alone, "Once that innocence is gone, it won't come back."
Dean gladly took the gift and began to open it, tossing Bobby a glance in the meantime. The old man was watching pridefully with a soft smile burrowed beneath his beard as Dean lifted the gift out of the wrapping paper. At first, Dean thought it was a duffel bag with dark military-style camouflage print and a super long shoulder strap. But then, after he turned it around and opened the top flap, Dean realized that it was a diaper bag; a really
The boy took the diapers and clothes and stowed them safely into the trunk of the car before reaching up to shut the hatch. All of the baby stuff from Bobby's kitchen was now in the Impala, ready to be taken to Rufus's cabin. Sam turned to clutch Bobby's shoulder and give him a genuine smile.
Jude gasped as he felt his feet lift from the floor. Clarence had leaned over, locked both his arms around Jude's backside, and lifted him up, causing Jude's hands to desperately cling to Clare's neck with the quick motion. The demon was all smiles as he carried the angel over to the bed and promptly laid him down on it. The sudden drop tickled Jude's stomach and made him laugh. Through the strands of Clare's shaggy blonde hair, his white teeth and pink lips were visible overhead.
“Right. Sorry. I'll, uh, just let you get settled in, then,” the old man said, making his way toward the door, “I'll be makin' steak for supper tonight, but don't get used to it. It's for special occasions only.”
Show of hands, who here was upset/angered by the SPN season 14 finale? *raises own hand* If you haven't seen it, I will try my best not to spoil it completely. But I will say that what the writers chose to do with Chuck's character is frankly, in my opinion, tasteless and a bit lazy. They could have done sooo much with his character and yet, they decided to make him out to be the ultimate bad guy just so they could have a “new” plot twist at the end of the season. (Because, apparently, repeatedly killing their main characters has gotten old. How sad is that?) The reason I say all of this is because seeing Chuck as the bad guy on TV made me realize that what I did with Meg's character in this story wasn't very nice. She went through way too much and I never gave her a chance to actually be herself. I turned her into a drugged-out mini-villain before even giving her a chance to speak. So now, I'm hoping to give her a more meaningful role in this story. And I hope that all of you will enjoy some of the plot lines I've got planned out for her. Unlike the show, which chooses to give Dean and Sam an even harder time by unnecessarily warping supporting characters into terrible people, I want to give all my characters a chance to redeem themselves... I'm so sorry for the long rant. I've been wanting to get that out for months now, and I really appreciate you taking the time to listen! :D As for Jess and Ollie, they will be getting a surprise of their own very soon. (And I'm sure most of you already know what it is.) ;) I hope that you all enjoyed this chapter and stick around for the rest! And I wanted to say, from the bottom of my heart,
Being told that he helped defeat Darkness without knowing it seemed to only piss Lucifer off more. His hands tightened into fists at his sides and his eyes flared into a brighter shade of red. The devil spun his piercing stare toward Grandpa Chuck and gritted his teeth.
In the motel kitchen, Dean finished loading up a few groceries into the mini fridge as quickly and efficiently as possible. The small container was barely big enough to hold all the juice, fruit, string cheese, and snacks for the kids, let alone all of his and Sam's food. The lack-of-space thing in their motel room was actually starting to piss Dean off a little bit. How in the hell was he supposed to keep all of this stuff cold? Did he need to go outside and build a freaking igloo for it or something? With a long exhale of frustration, Dean stuffed the last jar of jelly into the fridge and forced the door shut before spinning toward the main room. All he wanted to do was spend time with his family, not worry about their living situation.
“Come on,” Dean mumbled, gently tugging Cas forward, “Let's see what this witch has up her velvet sleeve before they threaten to blow up the bunker.”
Daddy parked his car in front of Ollie's house, turned off the engine, and got out to come around and help Ollie out of Jessie's car seat. Jude was able to get his own straps unbuckled because he was a big boy, and uncle Sammy had shown him how to do it. When they were all outside the car, Daddy took Ollie and Jude's hands and led them up the walk way to Ollie's front door. Jude was kind of excited to see Ollie's mommy. She had pretty eyes and was funny; just like Jessie, only older.
With his mom and her family all safe, Ollie turned to finish maneuvering his way toward the front door. He had to climb around and over family members like a jungle gym, but eventually made it outside. On his way to the truck, Oliver glanced back at the contact list – and saw Sam's name. While Sam was, of course, the father of Oliver's bride, he was also one of the best hunters in the world. If anyone knew how to take down a ghoul, it was Sam Winchester, right?
Jessie figured that Jude had wandered down to his boyfriend's room. With Clare calming down in the basement, his bedroom was probably empty, making it a perfect place for Jude to hide and take a nap or something. Jessie didn't want to disturb him, but she knew that they had a job to do. After taking a big breath, Jess timidly opened Clarence's bedroom door and poked her head inside – where she saw a glimpse of two very naked bodies.
Though he was completely lost and worried, Clarence nodded, gave Jude's hand one tight squeeze, and turned to run through the kitchen and out the back door. Before he was even gone, Rowena turned her attention to Jude's parents.
The man walked over to the fridge, dug out the half-eaten pecan pie that he had stashed in the back, grabbed two forks from the drawer nearby, and walked back over to the table. He slid into the seat across from Jude and sat the pie between them, taking the plastic lid off and holding a fork out to Jude. There was no denying that the kid needed some comfort right now. And a conversation over pie was definitely the answer. Jude timidly took the fork and smiled just a little.
Jude's small face slowly lit up with excitement. The child rubbed his eyes and shifted to sit up on the bed.
The demon fell out of the chair and the angel stumbled backward, both finally blinking their eyes open. The moment he was alert, Castiel frantically scanned his surroundings until he found Dean, after which he threw himself into Dean's arms with a loud sob. He was visibly trembling and clinging to his husband as if he had just witnessed something terrifying. In the meantime, Meg had curled up into a ball on the floor and was sobbing under the table, gasping for air and crying out loud with every breath.
' looks, but it didn't seem to work. Dean furiously crossed his arms and planted his feet, standing uncomfortably close to Meg and Castiel. Everyone else around the study watched as Cas raised his hands and hovered them over Meg's head.
Sam couldn’t deny that Oliver had a good point. Between the hunting stuff, angel stuff, demon stuff, or just Gabe being Gabe, something was always happening at the bunker. And this time, it seemed bad. Gabe didn’t say a word as he led the way down the labyrinth of hallways until the three of them came upon the scene.
“I didn't know you played the flute, Pinky,” the archangel said, already starting to open the clasps, “Were you first chair at band camp or – ?”
After their small, personal moment in the diner, Sam and Gabe flew back to Bobby's house to be with their family. Sam, of course, wanted to be involved in the formulation of the insane plan to kill Death. More than anything, he wanted to hear everyone else's theories because, frankly, he didn't see how it would even be possible. But then again, they had defeated Darkness together. Killing Death wouldn't be much different, would it?
The devil didn’t speak. He didn’t want to. What he really wanted to do was sleep forever until he faded out of existence, yet this nephilim was making it impossible. Lucifer could sense the pain the nephilim was in. Maybe he accidently killed himself trying to give birth to an unholy abomination. Despite his pain, the Nephilim seemed to take the news of his own demise in stride, which was odd. Didn’t he care that he had family on the other side?
It only took Sam and Gabe a few hours to get back to the bunker. And when they returned, Dean could immediately see that something happened to them while they were away. He met them in the control room, where he was greeted by Sam's pale face and Gabe's thousand-yard stare. They were both shaken to the core. Son of a bitch. What was going on now?
The man was reaching out to wrap the angel into a hug when Cas slapped his arms away away. It was a quick swing of his hand, hard enough to make Dean's arms fall limply to his sides, yet gentle enough to barely touch him. Dean blinked strangely at Cas's baby blues, wondering why he didn't want a 'good morning' hug. But it slowly sank in as they shared an intense stare – that Cas was putting on a dominant act solely for Dean's enjoyment.
Chuck nodded, making his tight curly hair spring around on his head. A twinge of bitterness seeped into Bobby's chest as he stared at him. If this really was God and he really was on Earth, then where the hell had he been all this time?! Why was he here now?! And what was he doing under that stupid rose-covered arch?!
“Yes... I supposed I do,” he answered, “But the Winchesters are a daydream compared to my mother. The scales are favorably tipped toward you, I'm afraid.”
The angel gasped and recoiled his hand in fear. Oh, no! Who was there? What if the sound woke Jude and Oliver and they saw Castiel dressed so inappropriately?! The angel flew across the room to grab his trench coat and slipped it on to cover himself. In the meantime, another loud knock came from the door, accompanied by Gabriel's annoyingly boisterous voice.
But as she looked across the hall into Jude's room and saw him sleeping peacefully with his batman nightlight on, Jess felt tears threatening to rise up in her eyes. As horrible as her dream had been, she knew that it was actually going to happen one day. She wasn't always going to sleep across the hall from Jude. All those feelings of loneliness were going to surround her in the future. She was going to have to sit in that lonesome house some day. Because it was true.
Lucifer eventually walked over the destruction, deliberately stomping around on the crumbled hill like a child sifting through a ruined sandcastle. He was hoping to hear the voices of his once beloved brothers praying. If Castiel and Gabriel were still alive under all that mess, he would save them. They were still angels, after all. There was still a small chance they could see the light now that the damn humans were out of the way. But Lucifer didn’t hear anything. No calls, no prayers, not even grunting or moaning… Until all of the sudden…
. Clarence belongs to me – to all of us. How can you stand there and defend Meg after she nearly destroyed his life – literally threw him away like garbage –”
Clare didn’t want to let go. He wanted to lay their forever in Jude’s arms, bathed in warm sunlight, surrounded by their soft sheets and pillows, with Jude’s heartbeat hammering against his ear. He could have listened to that sound until the end of time…
“No, wait, hold on, it's okay,” Dean soothed, using the lightest voice possible, “Jude, Daddy knows how you feel. I didn't like flying either. But a long time ago, uncle Sammy helped me get on an airplane and I flew with him. And then Papa came along and helped get used to it, too... What I'm trying to say is that it's okay if you're afraid of flying right now. But Papa and I are here to help you not be afraid anymore. We're gonna help you get comfortable with it, so that you can do it just like Jessie does.”
Jessica wasn't even being subtle anymore. She was practically asking Ollie to propose to her. But whether it was from exhaustion or stress, Ollie didn't seem to notice. He just fed all the hungry animals, keeping his sight focused on his work.
The demon's soft hand raked through Jude's hair, leaving chills on the angel's skin. Jude could feel himself relaxing. And the more he relaxed, the more tired he felt. His eyes were blinking slower; staying closed longer. His body was exhausted, but he fought to stay awake. He didn't want to go to sleep. Not when he was so close to marrying Clarence.
“'Cause, when I was a kid, every dream I had about Mom was a nightmare,” he explained, briefly recalling all the times he was forced to rewatch her burn on the ceiling in his sleep, “I used to be so scared to go to sleep, sometimes I would stay up and watch Sam... But that night... It was the first time I dreamed about her being alive and happy. We were playing tag or something. She was chasing me, crawling around, hiding behind the furniture, and laughing so hard,” Dean chuckled once, “God, it felt so real...”
Sam exhaled in defeat and let his arms fall to his sides. This was pointless. Oliver was too young to even understand what an intention was, let alone how to have one. It wouldn't do any good to have a fatherly talk with him now. Besides, he was just so freaking adorable. How could anyone ever threaten such a harmless little freckled face like that? The kid loved
The twins both laughed as Dad hugged and kissed them in unison, making everyone in the garage smile. Gibson and Grace leaned toward Jude’s Papa after a second, crawling from Dad’s arms to Papa’s.
Castiel stared into Dean's beautiful eyes for a moment – just to soak in the lovely emerald hue and memorize the perfect color – before giving a nod. Yes. Dean and Castiel would be fathers to a handsome baby boy in just a single day.
Dean took a few breaths and lowered his head a bit to let the blood drain out of his mouth again. The red liquid drizzled over his own lap and onto the metal chair between his thighs. After so many long years of hunting and being hunted, Dean was quite used to bleeding during an interrogation. All his life, he just sat back and smiled, waiting for his captors to either let him go or kill him. But now that he actually had something to live for, Dean knew that he needed to find a way out of this situation that wouldn't end in his own death. Or Sam's, for that matter. He needed to figure out a way to convince the angels that he didn't know anything about Cas or the pregnancy.
Of course, no reply came. But when Jude turned back to look at his hand on Clare's bed, an entirely different matter caught his attention. The angel nearly gasped and raised his left hand to spread all five of his naked fingers. His ring! His engagement ring!
“Thanks, babe,” he muttered, briefly caressing Castiel's cheek, “I'm gonna go get dressed. You can help me, if you want...”
"So you wanna be a rockstar?" he asked, ignoring the joke but trying to keep the conversation going.
The sun was hanging almost directly overhead when Gabe shuffled off the Thompsons' porch and across their yard, shining down on all of Jane's hibiscus flowers and green shrubs. The closer he got to the bench under the tree, the more Gabe could how upset Sam was. The kid was staring blankly toward the houses across the street, hands limp in his lap, expression gone from his face, eyes vacant and sad. The sight of it made Gabe's heart ache with discomfort. He hated seeing Sammy so broken up. What was wrong? Did something happen when Gabe was putting the Thompsons to sleep? Not wanting to startle Sam too much, Gabriel carefully and quietly sat down beside him on the bench before gathering up a breath.
“In your detailed analysis, you missed something. He didn’t end up the next closest town, defeated. If you picked up on the mention of the town flower at the start of the novel, you realize that at the end, he really didn’t escape at all. He’s right back where he fucking started.” He sniffled to keep the snot from running out of his nose and down his face. He still adamantly refused to look at Dean.
A lightbulb clicked in Dean’s head as to what that look was for. Sam had the worst poker face and Jess looked like she was hiding a laugh. “Come on, Jess,” Dean encouraged playfully. “You’re always my holiday drinking buddy and Sam’s the sober one. What gives?”
He got into his car and he headed home as requested. He made his way inside and came across Jessica in the kitchen who was getting ready for work.
Dean grinned as Castiel stepped out of his trousers. “It’s a part of you,” Dean said coyly, causing Castiel to laugh because of course he would ruin his one good line like that. Cas leaned forward to rest his head against Dean as he returned the favor and worked to remove Dean’s pants.
incredibly sorry your piece of shit alcoholic father made life so miserable for you and Sammy. I’m so sorry that he chipped and damaged your sense of self-worth to have you believe the words that are coming out of your mouth right now. I wish I could go back in time and fix it, or tell you to fight back like Sam did. Sam made it out okay because he did everything to spite your father, but that rat bastard really did a number you didn’t he?”
“If I start doing those, just shoot me and put me out of my misery,” Dean stated in response, earning a condescending look from Sam. “Sorry the bedroom doesn’t have a TV in it.”
Castiel laughed and kissed Dean’s forehead, collapsing at Dean’s side to reduce the opportunity for sexual tension. Dean rolled over to have his back at Cas, and Cas wrapped his arm around Dean.
“I could never leave you, sister, not permanently,” Castiel reassured, taking her hands. “I will be here for you, and the children you are bound to have, and hopefully by miracle,
There wasn’t rage or pain in those words. No poison from what Cas could tell, but it was an unpleasant truth to their situation. “The truth. Did you want to see me today at all? Talk to me? Did you have any positive thought about me at all?”
Dean actually felt pity, which was not typically common for hostages to his knowledge; but he knew a lot about criminal profiling and what drove people to crime. It was often poverty, sometimes narcissism, but immense grief always yielded a few interesting stories.
She raised an eyebrow at him curiously. “Just trying to help an old friend out.” She dipped behind the kitchen to check on Cas’s food. He felt a little bad, but Meg was an instigator and kindness wasn’t her strongest suit.
They drove for a few minutes, but it was relatively on the shorter end. But a fifteen minute drive is all that was needed to completely expand the search radius. The car parked and Dean heard Castiel get out before his own door was opened and he felt himself being pulled away.
“No baby talk please, you sound my parents,” she playfully whined. “You will get zero pie if you act up!”
“Not really,” Dean replied. “All daddy does is type in a computer and fill out paperwork, kind of like your homework.” His kids were too young for them to know what he really did. Kids blabbed about everything, and he never wanted them to worry. Sam and Eileen knew small amounts, but nothing confidential. They knew he was FBI and they knew he’s gone abroad for
“Gabriel has been taken, presumably by the FBI as a bargaining chip to get you back. If that is the case, I will comply with full integrity. He is the only family I have left, and if the choice is between having him or losing him to keep you, then I will have to choose Gabriel,” Castiel explained.
He didn’t know what to do now. He wanted to work up the strength to do what was necessary to get the information he needed, which involved hurting and disposing of Dean, but he wasn’t sure he could do that anymore. Not without knowing who he was dealing with.
Sam smiled back, humored by Dean’s response. “Let’s get you home,” Sam said as he motioned to the parking lot.
Two well-dressed gentlemen made their way to their table, and both Castiel and Gabriel stood up to greet them appropriately. “Thank you for meeting with me today,” Castiel said with firm handshakes. “I know the decision was not made easily.”
He never asked the kids how the felt about having only one parent instead of two, at least they haven’t in a while. He was sure they understood enough to realize they were adopted. They never asked, and they never asked about a mom. Claire wouldn’t have remembered her mother, but Jack maybe did. Perhaps he would ask when they were older; there was no point in stirring a pot now.
Castiel left it at that. There was no need to remind them of their uncomfortable situation even more. Not when they had a moderately nice night. Maybe he should make an uncomfortable sexual joke to ease the tension. He decided against it though as he made his way to the door.
The man leaned forward and clapped with a large smile. “You are great! I must applaud you! You are a great man. You must be quite the fishmonger, so seductive and charming.”
His new soulmate was a freaking sex god. He was in awe of the prowess this American spy had. His skills definitely superseded all of the ‘professionals’ he had been hiring these years.
It being nice for Dean was the priority. As nice as it would feel for Castiel to just roughly use Dean how he wanted, he wasn’t going to hurt him. He’d never act selfishly at Dean’s expense, he’d never abuse Dean. There would hopefully be plenty of time for both of them to enjoy rough sex with each other once they got more comfortable with one another and knew each other’s limits, but as Castiel stated, he wanted to make love now.
Castiel nodded. “Let’s assume I am able to set up a personal exchange. What are my odds of both Gabriel and I getting out?”
He made his way back to the living room where the man he had hired was waiting on the couch, still wearing the underwear as instructed, but was positioned with his ass in the air for Castiel, and his head angled low and turned to look towards Castiel, despite a bit of a strain.
“Easier said than done,” Castiel said as he tried to ease himself under Dean’s touch. He wasn’t like this. He was supposed to be the boss. He was supposed to be the one with power, the one in control. This stupid FBI Agent had to ruin everything.
It was busy, like most Friday nights. Bobby was not there that night, and neither was Garth. Even if Jack was here, he wouldn’t be the right person to discuss this with. He made his way straight to the bar, and Jo made her way over to him.
Sam chuckled. He hadn’t learned all the tools of the trade from their father. He was too young when Dean was learning, and once he was older, he was too different than Dean and his father, so they never pushed him to learn, thus Dean’s comment was foreign to him.
Castiel raised an eyebrow and took some cautious steps towards Dean and the couch he was sitting on. “You made it clear you didn’t want to see me.”
“If it was inevitable, I do not hold you in any fault,” Castiel said. “I also had my suspicions, but I do not believe I have uncovered any leads. It would not have been immediate family. Gabriel and I were the only survivors. Gabriel, did you benefit at all from our sister’s murder?”
Castiel nodded and lead the way towards the admin desk. “I’ll need to print you a library card. I’ll need your address and phone number.”
Dean would have wanted more from Cas, under certain circumstances, but right now, none of that was necessary. Dean slipped off his shoes, and Cas did the same. Dean collapsed on the bed and watched as Castiel took off his trench coat and suit blazer. He’d be lying if he wasn’t feeling partially seduced right now.
He turned to an adjacent street and only needed to walk a few more blocks before he made it to Bobby’s Auto Repair. The large garage doors were open and he heard the sounds of drilling and tools as he approached, but he made his way into the office instead.
“To each their own,” she politely said. “I uh, hate to be rude, but I do need to go over some work now.” She politely gestured to her laptop bag and Dean responded to a courteous wave.
“-to say that for destruction ice is also great, and would suffice.” He gave the man a cheerful smile that may have appeared to be genuine under different circumstances. He set the torch and the syringe on a surgical tray on a side table. He grabbed a corner of the duct tape on the man’s mouth and began to peel it off. The sound of skin slowly separating from the adhesive from very pleasing to Castiel until enough of the man’s mouth was freed to moan and whimper.
“Does this mean your family won’t hate me too much, hopefully? All is forgiven?” Dean asked hesitantly.
“Yeah, I run into her sometimes. That’s good, and you’ll be making new friends in no time,” Sam stated.
Dean sat up and his heart began to race slightly, unsure about what this meant. Roman gave him a smirk and got up off of the chair. He took a small case out of his suit pocket.
Castiel laughed heartily at Dean’s ridiculousness, and his lungs felt good about it. He hasn’t had laughter in his life in years and now they were coming from this gorgeous green-eyed man.
Charlie and Bobby joined him and they laughed and cheered as they watched together. It made Dean feel like this situation wouldn’t be as bad as he thought.
Castiel climbed in to his driver’s side and buckled up. “I know the feeling,” he stated. “I have twelve brothers and sisters. They can be pretty embarrassing.”
“I did.” Castiel said. “I beat people today, and I killed someone.” Castiel hated this part of the job. He didn’t want this life. He asked for an out, and he got it temporarily, and he was paying for it ten fold. He didn’t even try to hide the pain in his voice.
Dean was in awe at how the town transformed overnight. He had seen lights and stands slowly being erected over the past few days, but the finished products were amazing. There were dozens of fully decorated Christmas trees all long the square. Every lamp post was decked with garland, lights, and the most ornate red ribbons.
They made their way to Dean’s hotel room in silence, hand in hand, until Dean needed to fish in his pockets for his key card to open the door. They walked inside, and the atmosphere was tense in a way. They were at the precipice of a thirteen year build of falling in love and waiting to be reunited.
There’s still the option that Cas has Dean killed. Ironically, that was sounding like the easiest, most hassle-free option. But if Cas really hated being this person, he didn’t think that scenario would need come to fruition.
“Why? Why do you care so much about this?” Dean asked. He was getting angrier, more irritated. This intervention was the last thing he needed since he was still recovering from an awful hangover.
Dean nodded. He wasn’t sure if he was empathizing, or just acknowledging his concerns. “Will I get to see you tomorrow?”
“GABRIEL,” Cas replied sternly. Anna laughed and Gabriel let go, leaving Dean in a conflicted mood as to whether this man was playing a joke or was looking to get decked.
“No, please, it’s not his fault. He’s right to distance himself from our terrible, arrogant family,” Castiel said. He sighed and turned around to look at their family mansion. What was once full of great childhood memories and family pride was now a regretful eyesore. “Do you like living here?”
“Hey, Dean,” Jess said on the other line. She seemed very stressed and emotional on the other line. “I need a
There was also the occasional comment when Lisa was trying to push Ben into college. “You need a degree in this world, Ben,” she would say. When Dean tried to defend himself and the trades, she brushed him off and was dismissive. “Yeah, they’re important, but I just don’t want those for Ben.” “What do you mean by that?” “That’s not what I meant, Dean, you always do this.”
He stood up and slowly made his way to the door. “Dean.” Dean pauses momentarily at the door, just to consider if he’s making the right decision.
He forced himself off of the couch and she slumped his way to his bedroom alone. He took his clothes off and slid under the soft, cool comforter. Dean moved his legs up and down, sliding them along the smooth sheets. It was an enjoyable tactile sensation that helped him relax and appreciate whatever bed he was in.
The song ended and the crowd clapped once more for the couple, and they announced the floor would be open to all. A few other couples made their way when another slow song started, and Dean took a deep breath before turning back to Castiel.
Dean shut his eyes in frustration. Being unconscious took out so much of his time. They were driving into a death trap right now. He continued to try to talk while giving Cas pleading eyes.
He went through the opening checklist that was hanging on a clipboard when Jack and Garth slowly approached.
“I don’t know, Dean,” Castiel answered. Dean stared at Cas curiously as he processed his words, as he was still trying to clear his head of his own fears.
“Please no! I’ll do it! I’ll do it!” Gleb begged, crying through his fear. Something in the man’s expression intrigued him. He was so terrified to lose her.
He made his way to the bedroom and saw that the door was open, light was off; he was probably sleeping. He should turn away and leave, not to disturb him,
Dean’s mouth curved upward at that. Here was a stranger, being playful with him, not tiptoeing around him like he was fragile. “I thought that point was for me to choose.”
“Hi Lisa,” Dean stated, trying his best to bury the emotion in his voice. “Before you get mad, Ben texted me first, wanting me to come back and I’m just trying to give him some closure.”
Dean removed his own shirt before he responded. He wasn’t rushed or fast, and he wasn’t giving Castiel any seductive looks as he did it. He just held his eye contact to let Castiel know he was
“I just needed a breather, my emotions are getting to me,” she said out loud while signing “inside job”.
He heard the door open behind him and he forced himself to stand up and put on the façade of someone who had their composure contained.
Castiel just nodded, not caring in the slightest. Dean would hate Michael so much. Maybe they could have made fun of Michael behind his back if Dean ever got to meet the family, but that wouldn’t be the case.
Of course, this sparked their first debate on how they would distinguish anniversary presents separate from Christmas presents, which they still have not come to an agreement, but there was no rush for now; Dean was positive they would have plenty more.
Dean let out a confused scoff. “You’re joking,” he said. Everyone knew what their soulmate mark was. It was the number one thing everyone looked forward to about turning eighteen. They would wait around, waiting for the minute they were born to check out the spot of skin that panged o they could look at see what it was. You would have a friend with you just in case it was on your back. Sam was the one that told Dean about his.
Castiel continued to kiss and suck Dean’s back muscles as he grabbed the soap again and poured some on his fingers. There was a certain part of Dean that needed cleaning…
Dean Winchester had his eyes closed as he sat on a Greyhound bus making a light night trip to the middle of nowhere. His entire life was packed into two suitcases, easily stored in the luggage area under the passenger section. He sighed heavily, wishing he was drunk or wishing he could fall asleep right now. How did his life end up like this?
Castiel continued to look and feel guilty and Dean put his arm on Cas’s shoulder. “Stop that. You don’t have to be that guy anymore ever again.”
Dean continued to sway with Castiel, unsure about what to do or what to say. “H-how do you avoid that for long?”
The interrogator chuckled some more. “I think that is what is called a ‘Guy’s Night’,” he replied. “And I’m not the one that does the torture here.”
He moved his hand gently around his chest and torso, coaxing him into a lulled state so he could fall asleep. His fingertips climbed up and down the curve of his pecs and shook as they traversed the bumpy ridges and indentations of his abdominals.
for keeping his sanity in check for the flight. He grabbed his carry-on bag from the overhead bins and made his way off the plane.
“Because you needed to be washed up,” Castiel said towering over him, keeping his hands firmly pressed on Dean’s shoulder to prevent him from getting up again. “I assure you the integrity of your asshole is still the same as prior to you being kidnapped. Now, stop being difficult and let me check the bandage for you.”
“Oh please,” she replied negatively. “I doubt I am the only one who told him we have a fucking library. Forgive me for tying you laid with the hottest new neighbor this town’s ever had.”
When dinner was done, they headed back to the car and little flurries of snow were gracefully dancing downward. It was a beautiful atmosphere perfectly accompanied by the beautiful gentleman standing before him; the restaurant lights perfectly spotlighting and framing his gorgeous face. He wasn’t sure how Castiel had caused him to let down all his walls so effortlessly, and it was a little terrifying, but he couldn’t imagine a more perfect night.
The door to the warehouse opened behind Dean. “How is my favorite client?” the man greeted as he entered. Something about the man’s voice seemed vaguely familiar to Dean.
“That couldn’t be Dean Winchester,” an older woman’s voice stated from a few meters away. “That Dean Winchester either died or has a
Dean tried to sneak peeks of Castiel throughout the show, never wanting to distract him. The man was transfixed, in awe, and the amusement in his smile warmed Dean from the inside. Castiel looked so perfect and innocently happy, that Dean was happy he came along just to see the expression on Castiel’s face.
He went through the door that lead to the garage and he unlocked the latch blocking the metal doors from going up. He bent down, grabbed a hold of the handle, and raised both himself and his arm to hoist the metal door open. As the outdoors came into view, he saw two cars entering the lot; presumably Jack and Garth.
He finished up the dish; roasted chicken drizzled in a cranberry Dijon sauce and seasoned vegetables, and brought it to their table. She saw him approach and set the book in the empty chair next to her as he set the table in front of her.
She dismissed his claim with her hands. “It is my wedding day, dearest brother, and I will not take no for an answer. You’ve been away far too long.”
raised his voice, but his sister was getting on his last nerve after a very terrible twenty-four hours. “I appreciate you checking in on me, but I
Dean’s heart skipped a beat when he heard the name he wasn’t bringing himself to think of for the past several hours…or even years. He didn’t know if Ellen was starting at him, waiting for his expression, or if he reacted and it grabbed her attention. He couldn’t read the look on her face. Was it smug and all knowing, or actually innocuous and Dean was just overthinking? It was likely the former if Dean was being honest.
“Right,” Charlie said regretfully. “Well, it’s still a ways away, you’ve got Sam, and you’ve got your high school best friend back again.”
He opened his GPS on his phone to navigate him to the address Castiel provided him and started the car. He hadn’t been to the side of town Castiel lived in, but it was pretty nice; it wasn’t too different than Sam’s area, although since Sam and Jessica both had prestigious careers, this was likely a prestigious area too.
“Go ahead and move your right leg for me, baby,” Castiel ordered with an equally taunting expression, but
“It’s fine, Jack. I said let’s drop the conversation. Raphael, any interesting mortgage rate news or Naomi, any potential murders?” Cas pleaded, begging for any type of topic change.
Cas smiled back softly with a bashful expression. “Well, high school sucked the last year after you left, but Jo and I got through it. I went to college in Seattle for undergrad to become an English professor, and then did my Masters and PhD in New York. Then I just got back here to Omaha about two years ago to teach at the university here.”
Dean only ever had the opportunity to make loose acquaintances, but Nebraska was different; Ellen and Jo were true family friends, and then of course, there was….
“This one appears to be from Dean,” he said cheerfully, giving his boyfriend an excited look. He wasn’t one of the guys that tediously unpeeled the paper to save it, much to Dean’s relief (he
“Stop,” Dean protested. “I think this is the bare minimum and it doesn’t get much better than this.”
He navigated through the airport to make his way to the car rental stand to pickup his rental sedan, and he set out to drive half an hour outside the city to the small town of Waterloo where he lived for three years of his life.
The final straw for her was apparently porn on Dean’s tablet. Dean never cheated, and would never, but Lisa apparently thought it was too much. She was also concerned at the amount of bi and gay porn he occasionally watched per the history. Dean being bi hadn’t ever really come up, there wasn’t much reason to. He was monogamous with Lisa and wasn’t trying to suggest three ways to her ever. When she mentioned an attractive male actor, Dean would agree.
She had been attempting to recover any traffic videos she could. They had pinpointed he site of the abduction, and she investigated the scene as much as she could. She was waiting on forensics, the cyber team, and more.
This was his chance, he could break free and fight him mano-a-mano. He got out of the bed and charged his way around the corner where Castiel was alone and unguarded. With a furious growl, Dean prepared himself to tackle Castiel, ready for a fight.
He let himself into the suite and saw Dean sitting on the couch. He was watching TV. He turned to Castiel, his expression was one of surprise. “Cas,” he replied with astonishment before he went to pause the TV and turned back to him.
“It’s not too late yet, but it could be,” Bobby said. “But I do know two things. I know that Castiel is a good man, one of the best in this world, and I highly doubt you’ll find another like him. The second thing I know is that you were incredibly happy with him, and I’ve never seen you that happy in my life. You wasn’t that happy on Sam’s graduation day. You wasn’t that happy on their wedding day. I don’t even think I was that happy on
Dean wasn’t sure why he was overthinking any of this to begin with; this didn’t happen when he went to the grocery store and checked out groceries. He’s seen really hot waiters, cashiers, and strangers, but they’ve always left his head immediately after a brief check-out. Why were his thoughts lingering on this nerdy librarian? Castiel was handsome, but not a rugged Hollywood model type. And yet, he has left an impression on Dean.
Dean didn’t usually get emotional or sentimental at most things, but this was amazing. He had so many childhood memories with Sam centered around this car. “Thank you, Bobby. This means a lot.”
Their rooms were side by side and Castiel handed Dean’s room key over to him. Dean shook his head and gently pushed down on Castiel’s offering arm. “You’re not trying to get rid of me are you?”
“Yeah, I can see you, Dad, it’s not a large room,” said the well-dressed moody teenager before him that just referred to a twenty-eight year old as ‘Dad’. This kid was at least sixteen.
“An empire like my family’s doesn’t go down so easily. Someone sold us out, and their betrayal got everyone killed. The only survivors were my sister’s children who were taken into social services. I sold the book I wrote to get some initial funds and resources to build
“Because one of my subordinates thought torturing you would please me,” Castiel said. “They were mistaken. Now I need to make sure you didn’t just get your stitches ripped open, so I’m going to need you to let me check the bandages.”
“Goodbye, Castiel,”   Dean said softly as he left Castiel’s apartment, and leaving Castiel and any notion of him behind with it.
The kids were adorable, and they looked so happy, but as soon as Castiel saw the both of them, he felt something within his chest. They didn’t look like Dean at all.
“You have an awfully high opinion of the Novaks for someone who’s been in town three weeks,” Bobby said. “You’re right about some things; most of them are an awful, rotten bunch, but their parents weren’t, and neither is that Castiel. Castiel is an honest to good man through and through. I think he takes after them.”
“Thank you, Jess,” Cas replied. “And thank you Dean as well.”  He leaned over and kissed Dean appreciatively. It was less than two seconds long, given that they were in front of family, but something about Christmas morning kisses with Castiel made the day that more magical.
Dean made a contesting noise with his teeth. “That’s not what our mutual headache and ear ringing said.”
Castiel had also made his way out of the parked car, and was making his way to them. “That’s me,” Jack replied, giving a tone that indicated he was aware something was up.
“And how are you feeling now?” Castiel asked sincerely. Dean blinked and thought about it. Aside from his stitches and the whole area that was actively cut up and bruised, he felt completely healthy. He had workouts that left him sore for days, but the torture liquid seemed to have no lasting impression.
He was still conscious, although his vision was going blurry and he felt himself getting weaker by the second. “It’s too bad Mr. Novak won’t get to see how well-behaved you can be.”
“I wish I could, buddy,” Dean replied, holding back his tears the best he could. “I really wish I could. But your mom and I…..we just….-” Dean sniffled to keep his nose from running and tried to take a deep breath to refill his empty lungs. “-sometimes two people just aren’t meant to be together, and they don’t realize it until it’s too late. Even though we may want to, sometimes one or both people just aren’t happy.”
Karen drove up into the lot to pick up Bobby, and Dean insisted he could close up for him. It was his fault for going slow to see Castiel anyways.
“Right,” Dean said hesitantly. There were too many thoughts in his head, but he needed to focus on Jessica’s car right now. “Well, it was nice meeting you, I need to get back to-”, he gestured at the car, and Anna seemed to take the hint.
Castiel winced from the affirmation he didn’t deserve and Dean brought him in for a comforting embrace, when it should have been the other way around.
Most of them had soulmates anyways. Some others just wanted to casually date before they met their soulmate, and then get a surprise they weren’t expecting. Some people wanted kids and didn’t want to wait for their soulmates.
“The pleasure was all mine,” Castiel replied so charmingly that it made Dean re-question whether it was a passion for is job that caused the extreme friendliness or if there was an interest in Dean.
Roman lifted him and pinned him down to the gurney. He and the other henchman started to restrain his limbs with the straps. “I’m going to have a lot of fun, Mr. Winchester. Or, you can make this promotion very easy for me. It’s your choice.”
Dean wanted to break the tension from the conversation. He knew Bobby felt guilty about not offering more, and he was guilty for accepting so much. “I’ll start opening up.”
Cas’s attention was grabbed when he realized Dean was looking at him. Dean was nervous. He never had a chance to come out to Cas in high school, and Cas didn’t either. Dean completely had no idea for sure if Cas liked guys or not, but tonight gave him plenty of hints and clues that there had to be
Cas’s smile grew widely, immediately recognizing the reference being described to him. “You read that, even though we broke up?”
Dean had gotten Castiel’s shirt off and took a moment to take it all in. He had already seen Dean in undress, but Dean hadn’t. His eyes were looking over his tattooed torso. It was more color and design than original flesh, but Dean wasn’t turned off by that. Dean let his fingertips roam the tracing of the designs and feel Castiel in his palms.
Dean’s mouth betrayed him and for the slightest of seconds, broke into a weak smile. It was still weighted down by his heavy emotions, but his muscles attempted a smile upon hearing Cas was good.
He turned the stove off and set the table as the kids ran off. Today was a simple spaghetti and meatball day for them. It was easy to cook, they loved it, and that was good enough for Dean.
Dean made his way to Jack and hugged him as well, also giving him a kiss on the top of his head, but Jack made a groan of protest in response. “Gross.”
“I can inquire about that tomorrow,” Dean said, moving their hands closer to him so he could kiss Castiel’s knuckles.
Castiel hesitated momentarily, processing if he wanted to see his mark for the very first time in his life. “I think I do.”
Jo sighed with resentment at Dean’s over-positive attitude. “Fine. Put in a ticket for a geographic casing. We need to know more about this area.”
“Glow?” she asked. “That’s a very good idea, Dean. Perhaps God should have left you in charge of the soulmates.”
Castiel smiled softly as he stepped even closer. “You’re thinking that just because a fairy tale indicates I may love you down the road that it saves you from being killed within a few days. Sometimes we make rushed decisions that tend to hurt us down the road. I’ve made some before in my life, and you’ve made some too. If I kill you now and regret it ten, twenty years from now-” he gave Dean a playful shrug and a non-committal look. “-I guess I’ll deal with those consequences when I get to them, but you won’t be any less dead. I have more immediate things I need to achieve than finding love so forgive me for not going easy on you.”
Sam sighed heavily and put on his bravest face he could muster. “He doesn’t know yet, Jackie. His job has him very very overworked right now.”
He made his way to a table Bobby was waiting at. He already had a beer in hand and he was looking up at a football game on the TV.
He finished the car by himself with a few hours. They wouldn’t have anything to do on Monday now, but he was sure Jack and Garth wouldn’t mind an easy morning.
“Dean, you’d actually love her. She’s into all the same nerdy stuff you were into as a teen,” Jo said.
“What? No we didn’t!” Dean stated. He was visibly floored; no wonder Cas seemed all higher-than-thou and fancy, he
“You don’t need to worry, Dean,” Castiel assured. “I would never do anything to take your kids away from you or harm you further. All I’ve ever wanted to know is that they were safe and loved, and now I do.” Castiel let out a small laugh and a few tears. “Zachary, Jok, Klarina, everything is resolved.”
“Have you spent a lot of time in America, previously?” Dean asked. He didn’t think Gabriel would actually answer much. He was the hostage here after all, although there was little Dean would likely be able to do with any information. He just wanted a distraction from his situation.
Dean Winchester was sitting in the window seat of a plane, patiently waiting for takeoff to commence. He was headed to Omaha, Nebraska for the first time in ten years for a wedding of one of his former friends: Jo Harvelle.
“But yet if I were to kill the wrong suspect, the real traitor would either recoil or run,” Castiel countered.
He didn’t leave, except to grab food from the kitchen, ad what he grabbed was sad; chips and PB & Js. Sam cooked early Sunday night just to tempt Dean into eating something somewhat decent.
“Potential right-hand man,” she replied. “He’s made a few appearances with Novak, although it’s hard to tell. He’s generic looking, always got shades on, and doesn’t have identifiable marks like Novak does. I’ve got a lot of potential hits we need to filter through.”
He was making his breakfast when Sam entered the kitchen, and Dean knew Sam would likely want to ask about his date.
He headed home and started cooking dinner for Sam and Jessica. He figured he should do slightly more to help out around the house than he had been. He hadn’t cooked dinner since arriving to Angel City; Ben and Lisa were the last ones to taste his cooking. He thought about maybe having Cas over and cooking him a nice little dinner for just the two of them; he could even light a candle for the table. However, Sam and Jessica’s presence might make it a little weird.
Bobby unwrapped two wooden beer mugs that were made out of a baseball bat. The mugs had the Kansas City Royals logo pyrographed into the wood. “Oh wow, you guys! This is pretty cool!”
“My what?” Dean asked. He had accidentally zoned out mid-rant as he watched TV in the living room, and Sam was all the way in the kitchen, so the distance made it hard to hear.
It was an angel wing, identical to the one Dean had on his. He had stared at his own photograph, committing the details to memory so he’s be able to able to recognize it instantly on anyone.
He needed to avenge his sister, but her last wish was that he find his soulmate. He couldn’t fully avenge her with Dean lingering around as a liability, but there was no way this United States federal agent would want to become a kept man by his captor.
Dean nodded in agreement. “I would too, but we can’t throw in the towel yet. We got to think about the silver linings.”
He was in a concrete room, and there was another man in a brown leather jacket and eager smile holding a bucket. As he went to step, he also felt his legs were restrained. The reality of his situation was quickly sinking in, and it was not pleasant.
“We’ll never know until I find out,” Castiel said as he made his way to his fridge in the desperate search for alcohol. There was still some of the open bottle from last night.
“Which is exactly why I wait to make decisions. Was there a point to this exercise besides instigate me? Did you torment Anastasia with these mind games and pressure her into making a bad decision as well?” Castiel asked flustered.
“Goodbye,” Dean said bitterly as he grabbed the last of his stuff and headed out the door. He made it to work and there was little to no awkwardness from Jack, which was a relief. He was worried about how hard he was crushing, and if Cas was on a similar level. If things did go south, it would hurt hard for either of them.
“Sure do,” Bobby confirmed. “We were working on it, tuning it up, getting it back into condition shortly before your father’s condition deteriorated. He always wanted it to stay in the family. Anyways, we got it running again. It’s as close to new as she can be given she’s half a century old. Sam mentioned you were coming by bus, you’ll definitely want a car so you can get to work on time.”
“Mne vse ravno,” Castiel barked back, even more angrily before turning his attention to Dean. “Hello, Dean.”
Dean nodded subtly, and Cas nodded in response. “Get over here, you insolent little shit!” Castiel began to grab and hit Dean as a rouse, closing their distance.  Once Cas had a good hold on him, Cas opened the door and pulled them both out of the moving car. They hit the ground with a fast force, and Dean wasn’t really in a position to guard himself or his head from the fall as he rolled.
“It’s nice to see you, Jess,” Dean replied, kissing her forehead sweetly. “I hope you weren’t staying up late just for me.”
Dean,” Jack said, which caught Dean by surprise. Cas had mentioned him to Jack, more than once if the name stood out.
He needed a hooker or some whore to relieve his stress right now, but currently he was only in the mood for cocky brunettes with stunning verdant eyes.
“Thank you for understanding. I definitely don’t want to do that to you either,” Dean explained. “I just……couldn’t stop thinking of you after we met.”
Castiel smirked. It was the second time Dean called him that nickname. Maybe he was sleepy, but he liked it this time around. “I wanted to see you,” Castiel admitted.
He read Thursday night, and again on Friday. It was the longest book out of the three Castiel recommended.
He took in a deep breath of the crisp autumn air before taking his phone back out and reading the text in its entirety.
,-” he gestured to the both of them and did a small wave of his hand to encompass the restaurant. “-but, uhh…..I really wanted to get to know you.”
Gabriel gave a fake falsely offended visage. “Of course! I am a gentleman! I am Gabriel, but if I’m just eye candy, I’m okay with that.”
“O-kay,” Anna said awkwardly, diverting her attention away from Dean sexually propositioning her brother. “I will let you both catch up. Gabriel, feel free to leave me alone too.”
“Good,” he replied as he went back to the skillet to start plating up the food and setting it at the table.
She gave a knowing smirk and leaned forward, propping her elbows on the bar. “I haven’t had any complaints. I also kinda own this place, so there’s that.”
If one location of many was compromised, they could have frozen the location and relocated to a backup with very little hassle. Dean wouldn’t have needed to be kidnapped. The man needed confirmation of the level of shit they were in, which meant Dean was at
“I believe you would have smelled the fries if that were the case,” he replied with a smile. “What country do you think you’re in?”
Dean cracked a half-smile as well, fully understanding their situation. It would be challenging, but not unheard of.
With a few more drinks in him, he was not immune to being persuaded to dancing with Jo and Charlie out on the dance floor, and if he sang aloud to “you can dance, you can jive, having the time of your life”, he would forgive himself because it was a very special occasion and he had copious amounts of alcohol.
“He needed time to relay your escape plans to the FBI. You weren’t walking out of there alive, and neither was I,” Dean said.
Dean eyed where Cas’s finger was resting. He angled himself a little bit better to see a book titled
“Oh, thank you, Karen,” Jessica replied. She hugged Karen next after Sam as Ellen and Jo brought over plates and glasses from them all.
“Perhaps he’ll do something that’ll reveal more information, like his location, or maybe something that’ll warrant something more hands-on,” Dean said.
Ellen just nodded understandingly. “Well there’s a lot of singles in this town that would like to eat you up like a piece of candy.”
“No,” Anna replied curiously. “Jack took his mother’s last name, Kline because his father Lucifer is an asshat. Castiel and I had the last name Novak, but I changed it.”
Dean just continued to stare at Castiel with a pensive expression as he contemplated everything. Maybe Dean was applying it to his case. Or maybe Dean was trying to figure out where that left him. Cas was trying to figure that out too.
“Well, I’m sure they would have made it their mission to embarrass me if I didn’t rush us out,” Dean replied.
Jo gave them a suspicious look, and she was probably on track to guessing the full story if it wasn’t so farfetched. They got into the car which transported them to a plane. Dean insisted on not being split up from Castiel, which further raised Jo’s suspicion, but she complied.
Charlie hummed in amusement. “You can express grief, Dean, I promise. I don’t resent people who have ever had parents. Breaking news, almost everyone has.”
“No funny business,” Dean repeated as he held up his hand and three of his fingers. “Scout’s honor.”
Cas must have snuck out when Dean was sleeping, and while Dean couldn’t blame the man, he sort of wished he could have woken up in Cas’s arms. He looked over at his phone and saw a text from Cas that read, “Sorry to leave you early, I needed to head home. I truly hope to see you again soon. There’s more we should talk about, but it can wait.” Dean wondered what it could be, but it
Jess squealed with excitement and jumped up from the couch to rush to Dean and give him a large hug. Dean laughed and smiled widely as he returned the hug and patted her on the back. “I’m so happy for you!”
“No, I’m sorry, Cas,” Dean said. “I should have told you what you meant to me back in high school.” He pressed his mouth against Castiel’s and kissed him with as much passion and sincerity that would translate through his lips.
Castiel gave testimony about his relationship with Zachary Adler aka Zachariah. The FBI got multiple contents from Castiel’s loft shortly after Dean and he made their escape from Zachariah’s car. Some of the records Castiel kept over the years supported his testimony and his claims.
Dean tipped his glass to him and made his way over to Castiel with a warm smile. Castiel’s expression changed from one of concern and questioning to a happier one. It was probably rude to think, but Dean hoped it may have been jealousy.
Anastasia forced out a weak laugh, her smile growing slightly stronger. “I would love that, Castiel, but I don’t need you to watch over me. Our family is strong, unbreakable. Nothing will ever bring us down.”
“No problem, Jess, we’ll be right there,” Dean replied as he hung up. “Jes’s car won’t start, we gotta go help her out.”
“Pretty much,” Castiel replied as he pulled one of the shelf. “This is about a woman who comes from a matriarch family of banshees. As she comes to terms with her abilities, she begins to suspect a serial killer is close to her.”
He could do this, he thought to himself. There were two additional doors in this walk-in closet; one led to the master bathroom and the other led to a miscellaneous storage room. The storage room had been assigned his arms room. There were cabinets and a professional work station, a metal grid wall with some mounted rifles and weapons, and Castiel loved
“Don’t worry, you will both be let go upon completion of a task,” Castiel explained. “Let me explain why you are here and what I need you to do. About five years ago, the American government raided a warehouse where the Novak Family Mafia was operating. They were killed on the spot with no survivors except for a few apprehended low-level footmen and two infants who were being watched in the far rooms away from the chaos and the bloodshed. Those children were taken to social services, and the agent who presided over their case waaaaaassss…….,” Castiel dragged out the note as the fear and realization hit the man’s face.
hoping for Jamaica or Aruba. Somewhere warm, tropical. I think I’d like to see girls in bikinis and guys in speedos,” Dean replied cheerfully.
Dean was too busy suffering from the searing burns that were coursing through his body to think about answering Roman. He thought he was being lit on fire from the inside out. It hurt so badly to breathe, but he was hyperventilating due to the lack of oxygen. The extra work his lungs were doing while they were under duress was only making his situation worse.
Castiel grinned and headed into the next aisle, which was more fantasy-based than the sci-fi aisle. “Pick your poison,” Castiel stated. “Knights? Wizards? Pirates?”
He set it down and Cas proceeded to take generous swigs from his overfull glass. He liked being a connoisseur of wines. He’d only fill glasses with the appropriate amount of ounces, waft the aroma, and swirl the liquid around in his mouth to taste all the different notes as he sat comfortably on his loveseat and curled up with a blanket and a book. Dean would probably find him pretentious and elitist for doing so, but he sure wasn’t doing that now.
The jacket hit the floor and the hands began to unbutton his shirt. More and more flesh was revealed to Castiel until the shirt was also discarded to the floor. He was a fit, toned man, but still about two inches shorter than Castiel, and didn’t have too much muscle mass.
“And I know we haven’t talked about your pay,” Bobby said. “I can scrape together twenty an hour for you if that’s acceptable. You’re definitely worth more and I wish I could give you m-”
“Fair enough.” There was no way of knowing if anything with Cas would go anywhere, so he may as well not jinx himself, but he couldn’t stop himself from glancing back to the men’s section to try to get another glimpse of those beautiful blue eyes.
“Ben? Who are you talking to?” Lisa’s voice was distant, but unmistakable. He sighed, knowing this was likely going to be his last conversation with Ben.
“Wha-?” Dean tried to ask. Roman’s statement kicked in his adrenaline. He Roman wasn’t moving him after all? His cell opened and he tried to crawl, but Roman was stronger. He grabbed Dean by his shirt and hoisted him up, dragging him. Another henchman brought in a gurney to whisk Dean away from the room. “No-”.
Raphael was the manager of the Angel City bank, first founded by the Novaks. The MacLeods founded the hospital, the first schools, a larger percentage of the stores, a smaller percentage of the residential real estate but more commercial, and were always the more approachable and sociable town dynasty.
Once he had it, he opened it up and his fingers dug in until they pulled out two square aluminum packets. He held them up so Dean could see and the man’s eyes got wide.
“Gleb Bortnik! Correct!” Castiel replied enthusiastically. “Their names were Klarina and Jokmija Miltoynov, and I desperately need to find them, and you are going to help me with that.”
There were tears in his eyes and strain in his voice. He wasn’t worried about how Dean could manipulate this vulnerability, or maybe he was and chose to be vulnerable anyways. A part of Castiel
She got out of the chair and Castiel got a clear view of her gorgeous dress and her beautifully painted face. “What do you think?” Anastasia asked.
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” Dean confirmed. He turned back to Sam and Jess who were patiently waiting through all of this cheesy crap. “Are we double dating it from here or should we split up?
“Oh, yeah, totally. We could have grabbed beers, watched football, kidnapped and tortured some people,” Dean replied.
He pulled on his cock and let the free hand massage his chest some more. Even if Castiel was a cock-sucker, he was the boss. He was strong, dominating, knew how to be aggressive. Dean imagined seeing all of Castiel’s tattoos pinning him down and fucking Dean hard. He knew Castiel thought about it when they first met; a nice rough hate fuck to show Dean who was in charge. Maybe they were past that now. Maybe Cas could channel it back.
Dean buried his head back to the intricate machines inside of Jes’s car and began to finish his repairs.
Dean winced in pain from being compared to his father. As if he wasn’t in enough pain already, the comment struck the most sever insult to the intense emotional injury he was nursing.
Dean would always have to buy Jo thank you presents because not only did she have to accompany Dean on hours-long conjugal visits, but she had to put up Gabriel who liked to ‘reminisce’ on ‘their time together’.
with me, you say?” He brought his mouth to Castiel’s neck and kissed it, earning a small excited moan from the librarian.
Dean had a wide smile that he couldn’t control. Seattle, New York. Those were way nicer places than his dad every had him live. “What made you come back? I thought you wanted out.”
Jessica opened the door and was surprised to see the town librarian on the other side of her door . “Castiel? Good evening, what a surprise to see you here.”
He felt Castiel’s fingers trace over the outline of his own mark, as if to memorize it via touch. “I always thought it was pretty, I’m just not really processing what it means. Is it because I flew out here to this wedding?”
A splash of something cold and wet jolted Dean from his sleep, except that he had no recollection of falling asleep. He tried to wipe the water off his face, but he felt that his arms were restrained behind him.
“I’m just in a good mood today,” Dean replied vaguely. He didn’t want to say anything in case Jack didn’t know.
He turned to see Rowena MacLeod smiling at them proudly a few meters away. Her smile was knowing, and confident. “Let me step away for just a moment while you all catch up,” Dean said.
After about ninety minutes, Dean assumed what was being played was the finale of the show due to the intensity of the music. After several sections stopped and a few strong notes were played by a soloist, the lights illuminated softly and the crowd went into a strong applause. Castiel stood up and Dean followed suit. All of the students rose from their chairs and bowed, including the conductor.
Anastasia’s expression lit up when she saw Castiel in the door frame from the reflective glass. She turned around, smiling widely with the happiest expression Castiel had ever seen on her. “There is my favorite brother! Everyone, give us a moment together!”
“Your father put every aspect of his own self-esteem and self-worth into your mother, and that’s why he treated you and Sammy like shit. You can’t put everything into Lisa, and you can’t put everything into Castiel. You’ve got me, Karen, Sam, Jess, Ellen, Jo, Charlie. You’ve allowed all of us in. I didn’t know Lisa, and I’m sorry she broke your heart. Castiel might too, yes; and if it happens, it’ll fucking hurt like peroxide on a burn. But you don’t get to make that decision without giving it an honest to god Singer effort. You and Sam haven’t endured and survived everything you’ve been through for you to throw in the towel for being a little self-conscious.”
Dean sat straight up with a strong gasp, as if he had just woken up from a nightmare. What happened? Where was he? He was a hostage, that’s what he remembered. He remembered a cell and the white room. This room was blue, and he wasn’t on a gurney or anything uncomfortable. It was a bed, a soft bed, and the room looked ordinary.
“To you as well.” Cas seemed well put together, but who knows? Maybe Cas was another damaged orphan, just like himself. He wasn’t sure if Heaven or Hell existed. He hoped Heaven did, for his mom. He wasn’t sure if his dad was there, or if he wanted his dad there. If there was something, if his dad could see this, he hoped he was hating every moment of it.
Jack just walked away and Dean was left more nervous than he was before. This town was likely a stepping stone once he got on his feet again. What if Cas
“Figures,” Dean huffed before opening up the door and making his way inside. Dean was always making fun of Sam for going to the library when they were kids, and now this was the only thing he was supposed to do in this town. He’d definitely need his own TV and his own gaming system; but that would involve a new place, new furniture sets for at least two rooms. Starting over from scratch was surely overwhelming.
He sighed again as Missouri looked at him, listening to every word. Her face was unreadable, though. He wasn’t sure if he was persuading her one way or another. “Honestly, Missouri, I fucked up bad. Sorry, if you don’t like swearing, I’m sorry, but ….I really did. I didn’t know he was one of the Novaks and I got incredibly self conscious. Cas is just the most amazing man, and I didn’t feel like I deserved him to begin with, and then bam! That bombshell just…
