Even since they were kids, Steve and Bucky had been able to talk to each other about anything and everything, but now, it seems as if they’re both at a loss for words. There’s no point in scolding Bucky with I-Told-You-Sos or trying to look on the bright side. Best case scenario: the surgery goes smoothly and Bucky goes through enough rehabilitation to gain basic use of his arm, but never be able to throw a ball again. Worst case scenario: He can never use his arm again. Full stop.
"Everything and more," Steve responds immediately. "Ever since we started in the Rookies, all we wanted was to stay local and play for Brooklyn. This season has been absolutely incredible for us."
, he doesn’t. Steve would be walking around with him looking like one of his college professors, and not even the hot Harrison Ford as Indiana Jones kind, even if Steve had the best chance out of anyone to try and pull that off.
Tony groans loudly, garnering attention from the couple sitting in the booth behind him. "So frugal! Boring! C'mon, man, you're telling me there's no big dream purchase you had in mind?"
Tony can’t bear to look at him any longer. He turns away as Steve is dragged out, the door slamming shut behind him. His heart is thudding painfully against his chest, the aching in his ribcage no longer imaginary. He tries to banish the look on Steve’s face out of his mind, but his masochistic brain keeps replaying that moment of rejection over and over again. He shuffles over to the bedside table and immediately takes double the dose of his pain medication. His eyes slide over to the fridge.
Once the news broke that Steve would be leaving the Stars’ and was searching for a Triple-A Team to take him, Peggy had pulled some strings with a team she thought was a good fit for Steve. It kept him fairly local, moving from Brooklyn to Manhattan to play for The Avengers.
“This is dinner, not a fucking interview,” Tony grumbles under his breath, taking another swig from his wine glass.
“Thank you for tonight,” Tony says, barely above a whisper. “I… I’ve never… I’ve never had someone do something like that for me.”
context. He feels absolutely debauched, leaning back on his arms on a silk sheet covered bed with his shirt hanging off his back and pants pooled around one ankle. He feels his face flush with heat as he looks down at the man between his legs, eyes blown wide with desire.
She snorts out a surprised laugh, the last of her burned-down cigarette falling from her lips. “You’re such a dick.”
Steve hollers and bangs on the tables like everyone else, holding his glass up in the air for not only his captain, but his idol.
Steve willingly ducks his head slightly so that Tony can reach. He assimilates the blonde locks into something a little more styled, sweeping the longer pieces of hair back from his face and defining his part a little more. He hears an involuntary hum escape Steve as his fingers card carefully through his hair, the sound definitely piquing Tony’s interest.
She presses her lips together and nods. “Of course. Well, if you remember anything, please let someone know right away.” She straightens up, collecting her files. “I’ll send Steve and Peggy back in. Some nurses will come by in a bit to have you moved to the general wing as well.” She walks over to the door, hesitating with her hand on the handle. “I also wanted to mention that we recommend very limited to none smoking or drinking for the sake of your lungs and your liver, Tony.”
He awakens again, less groggy than before. The room around him seems to snap back into focus faster now, the blurry shapes quickly solidifying into doors, cabinets, windows, and people. His displeasure with his current predicament comes back a lot quicker as well, having to instinctively stop himself from removing the annoying sticky things on his chest— of which there were now two— or trying to move his body parts that were not quite ready for movement yet. His awareness is much sharper now, partly because the only light is a small lamp in the corner, the window just showing darkness and speckled city lights below. He’s not so overstimulated by the harsh, artificial light from the ceiling, able to take in his surroundings a lot easier now.
the best in the league—” he amends, immediately regretting it when he sees the man’s jaw clench. “Uh— But I guess that’s just semantics.”
Steve isn’t able to answer for a minute or so as he stumbles back into the room, falling onto the bed with Tony on top of him. Their lips are locked together, Tony eventually sitting up so he can yank his shirt off over his head. “I drove up from Toledo we just—” Tony pushes Steve’s arms up so he can maneuver his hoodie off over his head, his haste getting it caught up around his neck for a moment until Steve can reach down to remove it himself. “We just landed a couple of hours ago but the game is getting rescheduled so I rented a car— Ah—” Steve hisses as Tony rubs a hand over his jean-covered crotch, his other hand deftly undoing his belt and tossing it to the side.
He’s surprised that his attempt to alleviate the uneasy energy in the room earns him a soft chuckle, the sound soothing his worried heart rate. “Go to sleep, Tony.”
Most of them head back into the interior of the box to refresh themselves on drinks and food, Steve’s knee making him antsy enough to warrant a quick walk after staying seated for so long.
Tony shakes his head. “No, it was better. So much better. I loved it.” He shifts himself out of Steve’s lap to curl next to him, grasping his coffee mug between two hands. “But I am curious… What did you and Pepper talk about?”
time, Tony’s cheeks and lips flushed as he raises an eyebrow. “This okay?” He asks, stilling his hand.
A whistle blows and Steve still doesn’t move for a few moments as the Stars move off the field and the Mockingbirds begin to take their places. “Steve… Hey, Steve,” Dugan gets his attention with an arm around his shoulders. “Come on, you’re almost on deck. Keep your head in it, kid, I’ll get Hodge to sub you out but let’s get shit done first, okay?”
"I kind of like his moxxie," Clint replies with a shrug. "Although I don't care how good you are, no pitcher has a good enough record to be able to get a strike on every player just at batting practice. Not to mention the fact that we don't even get punished if we miss."
He’s not ready for all that quite yet, despite what the thing between his legs wants. Steve does lean forward and press his lips against the shell of Tony’s ear, feeling the man flinch slightly in surprise as he breathes against it. “Will you play for me?” He asks softly, nodding towards the stark white grand piano in the room, elevated on a small stage by the bar area.
After enough time had passed, the switch was flipped. Steve went from trying to block out anything that could remind him of Tony at all costs to obsessively seeking out info on him.
They’re still bumping into each other and attempting to trip one another with the rolling luggage by the time they make it out of Tony’s building and onto the street. Janet’s already waiting by the van, making a show of tapping her watch as the two laughing players make their way over. She makes no comment about the quantity of things Tony is bringing, just shakes her head and gestures for him to get into the van when they finish loading everything up.
Steve locks eyes with him, a flicker of recognition there before he dips his head and goes back to his position between second and third. Tony takes his own position back as well, eyes flitting over the next batter. Right-handed, a contact hitter willing to ground a ball to sacrifice his own play to further someone else’s. Easy.
The table erupts into cheers, Tony feeling elated gazes turn in his direction and a few hands reaching out to give him a congratulatory pat on the back or shake of the shoulder. He ignores it all to watch Steve’s expression, not seeing any shock or euphoria, instead only getting a close-mouthed smile stretching across Steve’s lips, his eyes closing as he gives a small shake of his head. Tony knows the look well by this point: an understated, amused disbelief at his antics. A mirthful grin he’s trying to fight to try and preemptively avoid an I-told-you-so.
Tony just smiles in response to the question and pulls out a tall mug before going to work. He’s got some fancy coffee machine that makes the hot chocolate for him, steaming the milk as he pulls out various bottles of liqueur. Steve watches as he makes the drink behind the bar like he’s been doing it his entire life, a bit of a scary thought, but not all that surprising considering who he’s dealing with here. Mixing in Rum Chata, Baileys, peppermint schnapps, and a shot of cinnamon-flavored whiskey, he then stirs in the actual hot chocolate aspect of the drink, tops it off with some mini marshmallows, and hands it to Steve.
Steve decides to keep his distance during practice. Natasha works one-on-one with Tony for most of it since he missed the last game, letting Steve lead everyone else in their focus drills. Even though the regular season is almost finished, they still have two more games and then a week break before the Championship game against the Irons. This year being the first in a while that they’d be playing in the post-season, their hunger for victory is even stronger. Steve pushes himself extra hard during this practice, doing everything and anything to keep him from watching Tony out of the corner of his eye. He's dripping with sweat by the time Nat blows the whistle.
It’s still a strange concept to Steve that the Stark name doesn’t own a major league baseball team. There have always been rumors circulating that they were going to buy a major league team and completely rebrand them, but the Malibu Irons had been around far too long for that to be ethical. A lot of people claim that Howard doesn’t respect the sport because of the turn the company took since he'd been manning the helm, but Steve doesn’t see anything wrong with change and expanding to a new market. Too many people around this sport want to keep it old-fashioned, and while Steve would always cherish his memories of a beat up old leather glove and a wooden bat, he didn't see much wrong with the newer designs Howard has been trying to pitch to the league. It brings even more interest to a sport now at a peak in popularity.
“Good job getting that run,” Steve says once Bucky comes over to the dugout, wiping some dirt off his pants.
with Tony, but he’s not going to push. Why fix what isn’t broken, right? Steve’s in a little over his head too with everything, so maybe Tony being gun shy about calling their relationship more than just an
Tony just scoffs, truly speechless for once. The room is uncomfortably silent for a few moments before Coulson clears his throat, turning to face Tony. “We’ve had our eyes on your for a while, Mr. Stark. Specifically Coach Danvers
“Happy birthday!” Comes the excited chorus from their teammates as they all rush forward to hug Tony in a greeting. Steve steps back, laughing as Tony almost topples to the ground from all the forceful love, even though he really should be used to their team’s tendency to tackle to show their love at this point.
the nose bone crack beneath his knuckles, watching as his head snaps to the side from the impact. The fountain of blood that spurts from his face would rival the Aria’s. Everything happens too quickly then, Tony feeling arms lock around his middle from behind at the same time that another body collides into him in an attempt to tackle him to the ground. Hammer flies towards him, Tony feeling nails scrape across his cheek before more bodies are cutting into the fight.
Steve is sitting at the island in the middle of the large kitchen reading a book, the plate in front of him empty. There’s one waiting for Tony in the space next to him, sausage and biscuits with sliced fruit on the side. He doesn’t bother to heat it up in the microwave, immediately digging into the cold meal and clearing the plate in less than a few minutes.
Steve’s expression falls. “I… Maybe they won’t. Maybe they’ll see that anyone can be a good person, regardless of who they love.”
Peggy nods and squeezes Steve's arm. "It was really good to see you again, Steve. We really should catch up sometime soon."
“If you got a good offer from a team somewhere, I’d go with you. You’re not uprooting me at all,” Steve denies. “Obviously a good chunk of the MLB resides in the South, so that crosses a fair amount off the list… but there’s always the West Coast…”
His footsteps echo as he walks around the stadium, passing through the deserted weight lifting room. He can hear the familiar set of voices before he even opens the door leading into the connected facilities.
“I know how much you love to keep me quiet,” Tony counters with a grin, a moan slipping out as he feels precome dribble from his tip, coating his fingers. “Please tell me you’re touching yourself.”
isn’t going to end, is it?” He blurts out, afraid that if he holds in those tumultuous thoughts any longer that he’ll implode on himself. “After I go home? After we go back to the team? Are things going to be… different between us now?”
"I know, but you can't trust her. Did you drink anything?" Steve is trying to look into Tony's eyes, seeing if his pupils are dilated or of he looks lightheaded at all.
Maybe Howard was right about the sharp-eyed teenager that Steve had first seen in an interview from four years ago. A cocky, self-righteous child who had been spoiled to believe he’d been blessed with pietistic abilities that no other player could touch. But that isn’t the Tony sitting across from him in this diner today, poor-postured and vulnerably exhausted.
Steve takes a step back to let Rhodes in on what is  quickly turning into a huddle as Natasha comes over as well. “Your sixty seconds are up. Get back out there, Stark. If you don’t get your shit together in the next inning, you’re done.”
“I suppose,” Steve responds unenthusiastically, gritting his teeth slightly at the bitter, poignant taste of the drink.
Groans echo throughout the room as everyone covers their face, eyes probably having just started to adjust to the darkness before everything suddenly became bright again. Tony feigns confusion like everyone else, taking another few steps to separate himself from a blushing Steve who is trying to fix the hair sticking up on the back of his head.
Steve is actually surprised when Peggy asks for Tony to wait in the car while she talks to Steve. He hasn’t ever really seen the kid lose his cool before, but he was unable to hide the twitch in his jaw at Peggy’s request. Steve tries to contain his own grin, ducking his head as Peggy walks over to his motorcycle with him, her hand on his back.
. No matter how it affected his career, coming forward with his own truth will bring back a tie to Tony that will follow him for the rest of his life.
Lana dutifully follows them as they made their way around the casino, Steve still drinking his little tumblers of whiskey at a much slower pace than Tony is getting his drinks at. He’s switched over to vodka sours at this point, sucking one of the round cherry bulbs with the stem hanging out between his teeth. They squeeze their way in front of a crowd at a roulette table, Tony eyeing his partner.
The night wears on, Steve and Bucky have split up to socialize in their own little groups. It isn’t just Stars players filling the bar. Wives, girlfriends, friends, and family are all joining in their celebration. Steve recognizes some of the other coaches and managers of other New York teams as well, though he isn't sure he would ever remember all the names getting thrown at him. One person with notable absence is Chester Phillips, the owner of the Stars. Phillips owned a much larger corporation and had bought the Brooklyn team quite some time ago. Once a very involved owner, he has become more of a recluse within the past few years, Steve having never even met the man in person. Any announcements from Chester were given to them from Peggy instead. There are rumors about Phillips having some grave illness that he’s keeping under wraps, but Steve tends not to participate in the gossip.
Tony doesn’t even move from his spot on second when the IL’s next batter sends the ball directly to the left fielder who catches it in a dive. The whistle is blown, the two leagues swap positions, and now it’s time for Tony to end this.
The team is still absolutely silent, no one quite ready to break it, but also not knowing how to continue operating under it. Some soft murmuring starts up as the players gather their things and get ready to go home. Steve stays rooted to one spot, staring at the wall.
Steve decided to ignore all the sarcasm so he could dig a little deeper to try and get some sort of break through with his player. “You went to prep school? And here I thought you got enrolled in MIT the second you came out of the womb.”
The batter swings, a loud crack going through the stadium as the ball sails easily into the outfield. Steve watches it hurtle through the sky from first base, the batter already sprinting towards him. The ball goes straight into one of their outfielder’s gloves, a mixed roar of applause and groans coming from the stadium as he is deemed out.
The next hour of the night passes by exactly as expected. Everyone is offering to buy Bucky and Steve beers as they’re the only new recruits this season, and who are these two to turn them down? Steve takes his drinks a lot slower than his friend, keeping in mind what a struggle the stairs at their apartment are going to be whenever they get back tonight.
He smiles and catches up to them, wrapping an arm around Bucky’s shoulders as they walk to their side of the doorway and wait.
With Pepper’s assistance, Tony and Steve hunt for apartments around the D.C. area. Tony wants to just throw a dart and settle wherever it lands, but Steve insists he actually try to
“I just need you to look over a couple of things in my office with me. I’ve got a new training regiment to try out this season and wanted your opinion on it,” she answers dismissively, walking quickly and several feet ahead of Steve.
Tony wonders if he had been missing something. He didn’t know the beginning of their relationship caused so much turmoil for him. “Were you surprised it was a man?”
“Excited to be going home?” Steve asks encouragingly, resting his hand on Tony’s thigh as he goes to drop him off at his hotel for tonight.
Tony turns to see Steve has taken several strides closer to Hammer who’s also stepped off third base to come towards him. One referee is already in between them with another one coming over. Steve’s arms are tensed, the veins popping out at the effort of being held at their sides while Hammer gets up in his space, pressing his chest against Steve’s as the referee’s arm attempts to separate them. No one’s in trouble until someone takes a swing.
Tony is sitting up on his side of the bed, thick-framed glasses still perched on his nose when Steve emerges from the bathroom. The lamp on his bedside table is on, folder still open in his lap as he reads over the charts in front of him, occasionally marking something with a pen.
“Fifty thousand,” Tony blinks up at him. “I figured that’s plenty allowance for the both of us, but if you want more—”
“Yessir,” Peter nods and quickly darts off camera, turning around to throw a haste thank you to the interviewer before rushing off into the stadium.
She digs around in her cabinet with one hand while the other scratches down a few notes on a slip of paper. She tears the sheet off and hands it to Tony alongside a bright, red sucker. “You are good to go. Spine and shoulders both looking great. Somebody’s been doing their exercises.”
It’s a UCL rupture, third degree. The ligament in his elbow has completely snapped, and the doctors aren’t optimistic in reconstructive surgical repair. It’ll be a few more days of tests before they even know if it’s possible.
to play baseball. As if he deserves any of the atrocious and hateful things that will be constantly hurled at him, and individuals like him have had to face for years. As if he should feel inferior to anyone else because he’s in love with a man, and be forced to hide that part of him away for the rest of his life, until he eventually implodes on himself. He’ll resent not saying something sooner, not using his position to speak out about what a true injustice these false assumptions are.
Steve smiles and presses a kiss to the nape of Tony’s neck. “I look forward to it. You can start tomorrow.”
Tony reaches up and clasps Steve’s wrist, giving a small squeeze before dropping his hand. “Tasha might not be letting me play, but I wasn’t going to miss the first game of the season,” he responds flatly, lips curving into a smile that doesn’t come close to reaching his eyes. “I’m fine,” he assures Steve before heading into the dugout. Natasha captures him in a hug before he goes, a whispered exchange between them before she ruffles his hair and pushes him off to the bench.
Steve was expecting ridicule or at least for Tony to poke a little fun. The younger of the two does neither. "Is Mom still around?" He asks softly.
It works out. Steve plans on having a quiet day to himself to draw, maybe even go for a walk around the city to try and seek out a naturally occurring photo-op. Tony kisses him goodbye at the door, promising to stop by after with takeout from their new favorite Greek place up the block. He calls Janet ahead of time just to be nice, the woman brief on the phone just to keep the mystery alive.
“Probably to go laugh at us upstairs from Janet’s office,” Steve hypothesizes, making Tony laugh. God, he missed the sound of his laugh. He missed everything about him.
Bucky has always had his "bad elbow" on his dominant left arm, which he’s always played off as nothing more than that. After the years of playing baseball, Steve tends to keep a close eye on it. His last attempt to bring it up to the team's trainer didn't go too well, Bucky refusing to acknowledge it because it hasn’t affected his playing so far.
“Grief is strange like that,” Steve agrees. He contemplates bringing up that he thought Tony was handling everything very maturely and a lot more put-together than most people would be in his situation, but he decides to keep those thoughts to himself. It’s probably the last thing Tony wants to hear after a life of growing up too fast and having so much expected of him.
He smiles and strokes a thumb over Tony’s cheek, watching his eyelashes flutter. “So… You had a crush on me before we knew each other?”
games. Every. Last. One. I see that look on your face every time you strike a player out, or steal a base, or really just outsmart anyone else on that field. I've seen you yell and cry and cheer over the result of a call. I've seen you throw fits over not getting your way just like I’ve seen you dogpile in on your teammates and shake hands with your opponents. And sure, maybe I’m just like any other spectator watching the games on TV or from the stands, but that much passion doesn’t come out of someone who doesn’t give a fuck about what he’s doing. So if you’re really going to try and say the reason you don’t want to take this deal is because you don’t
Steve watches the antics from afar, happily eating his nachos with the terrible, rubbery, room temperature cheese. He’s sitting alone at a small table at the edge of where everyone’s gathered, close enough to still see all the action while staying far enough away from Tony. They have an unspoken rule about keeping things casual in public, not needing to raise suspicion to what they’re relationship is really like. All the fun and teasing aside, it could be incredibly detrimental to both their careers and their personal lives if the true nature of their relationship was to get out. As much as it kills Steve to keep his distance when all he wants to do is be close to Tony on his birthday, he knows they just
Steve has to drown out the sounds of the crowd, shaking his head. He can’t let himself get psyched out by the pitcher now. He watches the man carefully, trying to determine what he was going to do next. Steve doesn't want to go for a bunt just to land a hit. When he pitched the third ball, Steve held his position.
“As long as you’re using your brain!” Rhodey calls out after him. He glances Steve’s direction raising an eyebrow. “What?”
The man locks eyes with him, jaw set in a hard line before he nods. “I’m trusting you, kid.” He taps the lid of his cap before quickly jogging over to the umpire to make the last-minute change.
“Cut it out,” Steve scolds, arms crossed as he watches the play unfold in front of him. “You guys are being dramatic. I’m sure he’s just getting warmed up—”
Tony turns the TV off and hurls the remote across the room. His phone starts ringing again, Tony answering it just to put an end to at least one of the calls.
The International League has lost their gusto by the seventh inning, only able to get players on first and second before their third out is called, leaving their score unmoved at a whopping
here in the Majors. Everyone is fighting for a spot on that roster, and there are some games where even Tony ends up bench warming.
The insufferable group laughs at him, Hammer’s guffaw the loudest. “As always, you’re all talk. Our supposed ‘Star player’ didn’t even make it to the championship last year, or did you forget? Was it too hard to pay attention with Steve Rogers’ cock in your mouth?”
She shakes her head mournfully, digging out a tissue to quickly wipe at her watering eyes. “I was so worried something like this would happen,” she whispered, lower lip trembling.
"Nope," Tony sits back down and takes a long drag from his cigarette. He blows the smoke out of the corner of his mouth, in Steve's direction. "You have a game to get to
He gets a warmer rush from that look on Steve’s face than the thirty-thousand he may or may not be taking home.
Tony stares after him in disbelief. His blood is rushing in his ears and he throws the mitt that was clenched in his hand on the ground, storming off the field. He takes the tunnel through the back to exit the stadium, yanking the All-Stars jersey off over his head as he goes.
!” He yanks both of Tony’s wrists up, forcing them in front of his face. Tony jerks his chin away, jaw clenched in anger. Raindrops are clinging to his eyelashes, Tony furiously blinking them away as he avoids Steve’s gaze. It’s only when Tony goes slack in his hold, slumping against Steve’s front as he drops down to his knees, that he realizes Tony is crying.
They find a happy medium for both of their checklists in a three-story townhouse in one of the more historical districts. Steve is head-over-heels for the colonial architecture, the foundation of the building itself incredibly old, while most of the interior has been ripped out and redesigned to be more modern, the outside of the building getting a facelift as well. It’s a bright red painted brick with white trim, pillars on the porch out front, bay windows extruding from the house, and a small yard in the back with a black iron fence. The building itself is slim and tall, crammed in between houses and duplexes of varying styles that all appear to have been gentrified in this neighborhood. It has steep staircases leading from one floor to the next, a decently sized master bed and bath, old fashioned sconces on the walls, and even an attic area that is pretty much barren and just begging for Tony to move his workshop in. They sign all the paperwork right then and there, and the place is now his for the coming year at the very least.
Just a couple QUICK THANGS to address. I've gotten some questions about continuing this universe and possibly writing some "deleted scenes". When I originally planned this fic, I knew all the places I wanted time jumps, where I wanted to fill in the blanks later or let the reader do so. Those were purposeful decisions, but at the same time I am totally open to writing more about our boys in this AU (I've grown so attached) and it's like an 80% chance that I already have a couple of oneshots planned. If there's any particular favorite moments or "off screen" events that happened in this fic, please let me know!! I'd be more than happy to write them (if I haven't started already hehe).
“Going back to school in two weeks is going to be such a bummer,” Bucky says, returning the ball to Steve.
“The truth is…” Tony stares down at the flimsy yellow notecard in his hands, the paper crinkling at the edges as he subconsciously clenches it tighter. He’s hidden this part of him away for so long. He had to shoot down Hill and Coulson’s attempts at trying to pin this on the supposed “mystery man”. That he was some manipulative, scorned queer that attempted to take advantage of him, or blackmail him with staged photos that ended up leaking to the public. He can’t stand the idea of Steve thinking that Tony would use him as a scapegoat, even if the world never finds out it’s him. The idea repulses him. He has to protect the man he loves, which means lying to the world about what they’ve seen. Play this off as nothing more than a horrible, disgusting lie the media has attempted to spin to ruin his career. Confirm that he’s straight, as if his sexuality should have anything to do with whether he has the ability, or should be
It’s a gorgeous Summer day, the sky blue and completely cloudless. It’ll be about two and a half hours on I-87 S to get to the Bronx, but the weather is too tempting to pass up the opportunity for a nice ride. He scarfs down his food, makes sure the baby gates are secure for the bots, and grabs his brown leather jacket off the coat hanger before heading down to the garage. He bypasses all the cars lined up to the end of the row, pulling the sheet off of his motorcycle that doesn’t get nearly enough love these days.
?” He snaps angrily, immediately softening when he hears the voice on the line. “Oh. Sorry. Yeah, hi Mom. No, I’m okay… You watched it? Y-Yeah, thanks, Mom. It, um… It was okay. Wish I could’ve played a little more but… Yeah… Yeah, I know… But, um, did Howard..? ...Oh. No, yeah, I know he’s overseas doing business I just figured maybe— I mean, it’s the
It doesn’t seem like it’s all as simple and from point A to B as Tony’s making it out to be, Steve wanting some blank steps along the way filled in. He can’t help but think back to the conversation he had with Howard in his Baseball room, thinking about the warning he had gotten that Tony’s selfish nature would destroy the Avengers if given the opportunity. There may have been some bumps along the road, but as far as Steve is concerned, Tony has been a beneficial catalyst to his team’s performance.
“Tony, then. These are my colleagues, Phil Coulson and Maria Hill,” he introduces, gesturing to the two completely new faces in the room.
She leaves without another word, Tony sinking back against the uncomfortable mattress to stare up at the ceiling blankly until Steve and Peggy re-enter. Now that he’s fully awake and coherent, he can offer his assurances to Peggy who has remarkably pulled herself together. Before they can ask, he tells them he can’t remember anything useful from the attack and that there’s no point in trying to investigate further and press charges. Steve is visibly upset by this, clearly holding himself back from starting an argument right then and there. He nods, tight-jawed, and fishes a grease-spotted brown paper bag with a big yellow M on it from his bag to set down in Tony’s lap.
“Yeah, and you shouldn't be,” Steve says with a smirk before setting the remote down and looking past Tony next to the woman massaging his shoulder. “Hi, Dr. Cho. He giving you too much trouble?”
, even if it feels true in the moment. They make no motion to get up, even after both of them have caught their breath. Tony basks in the lingering feeling of togetherness, listening to the steady crest and fall of Steve’s breathing next to him intermingle with the wind rustling the tall grass in the fields below. He opens his eyes as the quiet stretches on, rolling over again until he’s on top of Steve. The man grunts slightly underneath him, blinking his eyes open slowly as if he had started to doze off.
Bucky pats him on the arm and salutes to Erskine before dodging past him to get to the tunnel leading out to the field. The two of them watch him go with a conjoined sigh, Erskine throwing his hands up. “If the kid wants to throw his career away, then I have no choice but to let him.”
“Ugh,” Tony eloquently replies before hanging the jacket back up and tossing the shirt Steve’s way. “Just change into that. No undershirt.”
"Not you, Stark. You stay a little longer, I need to talk to you," Natasha calls out as the team makes their way off the field. No one else really notices Tony being called back, but Steve hesitates. Tony flashes him a dirty look at his pause, causing Steve to trip over his feet for a second as he hurries to get off the field.
He starts asking every teammate of theirs he sees if they've seen Tony, no one knowing for sure where the pitcher ran off to. He double checks the bathrooms, the lobby, and the outside patio where he bumps into Rhodey.
Tony’s hand trembles slightly as he picks up the steaming mug and takes a few weak sips. “Considering I just lost that entire breakfast to the toilet? Been better.”
The drink is delicious. It’s warm, sweet but not too sweet, has a clear alcohol kick to it but not in a way that’s overpowering, and Steve immediately takes another sip despite the worries of burning his own tongue. Tony walks past him to unceremoniously flop onto the couch, arm hanging off the side to grope around until his fingers enclose around the vodka bottle on the floor.
He sighs so deeply it makes his chest ache. “I love you, but I don’t think I can do this anymore.” He opens his eyes but still stares straight ahead, not looking over at Steve. “This has been hard for a while now, and I think we both know that.”
Steve straightens up curiously, wondering if she’s going to elaborate on exactly why she’s forgoing the usual spiel of berating their less-than-perfect performances.
“Ow,” he hears Steve’s muffled voice before there’s a hand shoving his foot back into the tangle of sheets. “Get up.”
The man passes out almost immediately once they’re in the car, Steve feeling bad that he has to wake him again when they arrive at his apartment a few minutes later. Tony doesn’t seem that perturbed, grumbling some kind of equation or principle under his breath as Steve ushers him into his building, taking the elevator up to the sixth floor.
A lump suddenly finds itself in the middle of Tony’s throat and he struggles to swallow it down. Steve knowing or not knowing about this hadn’t even crossed his mind. “I don’t see what Steve has to do with any of this,” he says as neutrally as possible.
Steve walks through the dining room and pokes his head into the door of the workspace. It looks like Tony ghosted through to move a few things around and drop a few new sketches on his desk before heading back downstate, but overall the room isn’t in disastrous shape. Steve drops the nuts and bolts into their respective containers, straightens up some things on his side of the studio before returning to the kitchen.
“No,” Tony rasps, sinking down onto the floor, drawing his knees close to his body. “I’m not gonna fucking
Both Steve and Bucky come to the edge of the field for the short, mid-inning break. The Mockingbirds had only gotten one more run in before getting their third out thanks to the pair. “Good playing, boys, let’s keep that up because I don’t wanna pull you just yet,” Hodge tells them, handing them both water bottles. “Barnes, how’s the arm? Saw you flinching out there, I ain’t afraid to take you off, but you tell me now if you can make it through the game.”
Steve thinks of the teams that will be playing for the World Series over the next month while he is officially in his off-season, a part of him wishing he can experience that. As unrealistic as it is for a first year player in the MLB to be lucky enough to sign onto a team that competes in the World Series, there’s always hope for next year. As long as he has Bucky at his side, nothing else really matters.
Having to be escorted through a mansion by a butler was almost too much for Steve to handle tonight. "That's alright," he admonished awkwardly. "I'll find my way, thanks."
Tony rolls his eyes at the teasing, grabbing his own glove off his shelf before kicking the door shut. “See you out there, Captain.”
His eyes have widened to the size of dinner plates, spluttering his denials. “How could you say something like that? I don’t hate you because you’re gay—”
The game is exciting, no team ever getting too much of a lead on the other while getting enough runs and close calls to keep things interesting. Peter comes in right before the Seventh inning stretch, the momentum paused for him right before the final two innings.
“I knew you could do it,” Steve rasps to him in their private little bubble. “I wish your mom could be here to see it.”
Peter is blushing bright red, ducking his head with eyes still darting around with uncertainty, eventually just settling on Tony as the only safe place for his gaze to land. “Thanks, Sir. I’m happy to be back.”
The locker room is empty as Steve quickly sheds his layers and changes out of his thick, woolen socks and worn-out boots into his baseball socks and cleats. His car had been giving him trouble that morning (what else is new) causing him to run late to the first practice of the new season. He hurriedly grabs the gear from his bag and makes his way onto the field where the rest of his team is waiting, all chattering excitedly while doing their warm-ups.
Steve sighs and picks up said takeout boxes, carrying them over to the barren living room, looking down at Tony who’s got an arm thrown over his face. “And our tables didn’t rank as essential to you either?”
With a sigh, Tony swings his door open and steps back into his apartment. “Well get in here and warm up, you lunatic. I don’t need any Ghosts of Christmas Anytimes to come visit me tonight because I sent you back into the blizzard without at least a spiked hot chocolate to get you through.”
He groans, squeezing his eyes shut and curling in on himself. So it had all been a dream, some sick fantasy Steve had kept holed away somewhere in the deep recesses of his mind. He chases the memories, clinging to them to desperately try to get them to stay even though he knows how quickly dreams evaporate into nothing tangible.
Steve stops as Tony worms his way in front of him, blocking Steve from the door to the suite's bedroom. Tony almost looks scared right now, staring up at him with huge eyes, sweat beading along his forehead and chest. Steve halts, watching his chest heave as his knuckles turn white from holding onto the door frame.
Whitaker shakes his head, looking back down at the roster with a furrowed brow. "I'll see what I can do. And Stark?"
The house is empty when he returns to Truro, walking back out onto the porch with bare feet to find Steve down by the water with his sketch pad, laying out on a foldable lounger. His legs muscles are starting to ache as makes his way down the precarious stairs built into the cliff face.
Their group dissolves into a raucous celebration, climbing all over the furniture to get to each other, locking their arms around anyone within reach. Some of them are screaming in victory, others are crying, Steve finds that he’s somewhere in between. The small pods of hugging teammates eventually all meld into one big pile up, the entire team sharing in their disbelief and exaltation.
When he finally makes it down the stairs, jersey tossed over his shoulder, he’s greeted with Dum-E in a birthday hat. U is sporting one as well from the corner of the living room where he sits on his charging pad, apparently needing a little extra sleep this morning, same as Steve. Dum-E has a cupcake clasped between his little pincers, the candle halfway melted, flame already having gone out. Steve smiles and accepts the gift, giving him a little pat on his “head” in return. “Thanks, buddy,” he says, scooping off the parts of icing covered in pink wax with his finger before he takes a bite. It’s the thought that counts.
“I just keep mine in my pocket during practice,” Steve shrugs, glancing at his own wedding band glinting in the low light offered from the street lamps outside. He always feels a little better the minute he steps out of the Stadium at the end of the day, slipping it back onto his finger as he walks out to the car. Tony leaves his own wedding ring all over the place, half of the time forgetting to take it off at all. Steve once found it
He wonders if she knows about him and Steve. They’ve been able to fly under the radar thus far. They’re
Career-wise, it’s a great time for Tony. His talent and successful plays are constantly headlining in the sports world, the buzz never quite dying down around the already infamous player who has finally joined the big leagues. Whether he wants to admit it or not… He’s actually
check the locker r-room?” He bites down on his lip as Tony deepthroats him, no regard for him struggling to keep cover.
The whistle blows for the half, players from both sides exiting the field. Tony skips the seventh inning stretch pep talk from Natasha, knowing he’ll get an earful for it later, win or lose. He locks himself in a bathroom to just be alone and
“The real question is: how long has Tony been asking him to shave it off?” Pepper chimes in, pulling another chair over to their table so he can join.
“How is solidifying how we feel about each other ruining things?” Steve asks, genuinely curious why Tony’s thoughts go directly to doomsday possibilities. “I’m not saying that we need to come out to the world and fearlessly proclaim we’re in a relationship, but I want us to at least be honest with
“What do you mean? I came to check on my best friend,” he says, mockingly affronted. “The whole team’s been worried sick. Pierce and Coach Danvers allowed me to come out here to check on you on their behalf.”
It’s not terribly late when he starts to drift off, and a knock comes to his door. Even though the knocking is a dead giveaway that it’s not Ty, Tony doesn’t know who else would be visiting him right now. He wouldn’t put it past the man to go down to the front desk and get a key to his room to just let himself in. Ty is the regular starting pitcher for the Knights, but has been resting his back for the past few weeks. Most likely he’s just dropping in to offer some sage words of wisdom that Tony will surely ignore.
A small part of him continued to hold back, though. The entire reason he had wanted to come out in the first place was because of Tony. Steve is a very private person; he has no reason to make his business known to the world. Who he loves or doesn’t love his private information he had only been willing to offer up in order to stand with Tony in solidarity. He was trying to
Tony narrows his eyes suspiciously. There’s something in Ty’s tone that makes the hair on his arms stand up, but he can’t quite place what it is. “That’s surprising. World Series is in a couple of weeks. I find it hard to believe they’d want to spare their precious Captain.”
Dressing simply in jeans and a t-shirt, Steve digs around in the back of their closet for his special jersey for today’s occasion and then fastens on his knee brace. On his way out of the bedroom he can see a few stray bolts and screws abandoned on the floor, scooping them into his hand so he can drop the orphaned bits off in the studio before he leaves.
Tired eyes stare out over the cliff face of a small, rural town set between Provincetown and Wellfleet of Cape Cod. The water of the bay can be heard down below, a gentle wash of tide lapping at the desolate shore. Pale light begins to color at the edge of the horizon, the place where the water meets the sky blurred into a smooth gradient from the atmospheric fog settling over the cape. Seagulls are honking in the distance, their v-shaped silhouettes gliding through the pre-dawn haze, seemingly as restless as Tony in the early hours of the day.
He makes his way down leisurely at first until he realizes he can hear a mass of voices outside. He almost trips and falls down the last flight of steps, barely catching himself on the old wooden railing. Dressed in just a tank top and pajama pants, he opens the door to see Coulson and Hill on his porch, along with a cop car on the street, and a swarm of reporters and photographers being ushered back by two police officers.
Tony doesn’t appreciate the cryptic tone of it all, but he just settles into his seat and lets the radio play, unable to find even an ounce of rock in Steve’s weird collection of jazz tapes.
“I’ll kill that bastard for fucking up my face,” Tony grumbles in annoyance, flinching again as Pepper layers Neosporin gently over the scratch marks.
Just as he’s starting to fall off the precipice, he feels a weight settle against his shoulder. Steve blinks his eyes open, peering down at the top of Tony’s head. His hood had slipped down, soft brown locks sticking up and tickling the edge of Steve’s jaw when he tries to get a good look at him. Steve watches the slow rise and fall of his chest, his once crossed arms now pooled lazily in his lap. There’s no need to push Tony’s head off him and disrupt his sleep, so Steve lets his eyes droop shut once more, the scent of Tony’s shampoo filling his nostrils as he finally falls asleep.
Natasha's sigh cuts him off. "Steve, I know that as captain of this team you're concerned about the well-being of all your players, but Tony's just recovering from some bender. He's shown these kinds of patterns since he first started in the league."
"No, I don't think any of this would've been possible without everything Isaiah had given the team for the past twenty-two years," Dugan answers. “Everything I've done this season I have to thank him for. We're all doing it for him, right boys?"
His point is further accented when another one of the PCL’s players streaks across home plate, brining the score up to 3-8. Many of the heads in their dugout hang in disappointment, but Tony seems to be the only one actively furious over how this game is turning out. Maybe the more seasoned players consider it as “just the All-Star Game” and have no concerns beyond that. It doesn’t hold any real bearing on their individual team’s performance, but this is so much more than some light-hearted, mid-season romp where rival teams within leagues come together as a singular entity.
"I'm his captain," Steve explains, hoping that being in the Avengers uniform will help his case. "I just came up to check on him before the bus leaves."
. I don’t give a damn what anyone else has to say. You’ve had to deal with this on your own for so long, Tony. I wouldn’t feel right not being right there to help take off some of that pressure.”
Tony stares down at the folder, mouth hanging open, unable to look up at Hill and Coulson standing in the center of his living room with crossed arms. Coulson picks up a remote to turn on the TV, flipping through the news and sports channels.
Tony notices the tendon appear on Steve’s neck as his jaw clenches at that remark. In his early years in the league, Steve’s very first interview was one he had fumbled his way through, eventually telling the reporter almost too cheerily that he was determined to go “above and beyond!” For his team. This peppy mantra stuck to him, a tagline that accompanied his name in every article in the paper or segment on a radio show. Tony didn’t know until now that it would rile the man so much. Good. He’d take note of that.
“Yes,” Natasha begrudges, looking like she’s going to snap her clipboard in half. “I knew he wasn’t ready to go back in yet. I don’t think he’s going to last more than an inning. I have to sub Strange in.”
, Tony thinks, brow knitting together as he stares down at the cards yet again. “I cannot comment on baseless accusations that have been about me,” he parrots the response robotically.
All in all, being trapped inside an apartment with a ticking time bomb personality like Tony for days isn’t nearly as awful as someone might expect. And the sex is… well, that’s just an added bonus. An extremely nice bonus that Steve is enjoying very,
She pauses to let this sink in. There’s already some excited and surprised sounds amongst the players. Steve had been told about this beforehand, but he almost forgets the MiLB is doing this sort of trial run. Normally, the pre-season games are only against teams within your own district, but this is an exciting switch up.
into his prostate, it’s all too much to try and hold back. His orgasm hits him like a freight train, still throbbing in Tony’s hand as he struggles to keep himself standing.
As kids, they had always had a friendly competition going on between them. Sarah used to joke that as soon as Bucky did anything, Steve was quick to copy it. Unfortunately, that still rings true.
Just as he thought. Outside of the strike zone. Steve looks up at the clock, watching the time tick on as he readied for the next pitch. No more fooling around, now.
Tiberius gets his feet from under him, squaring his shoulders to try and strike an imposing figure. “No one will believe you,” he threatens darkly.
Tony throws his head back in carefree laughter. “Not all of us want to play ball until our bones crack under the pressure like you, you old fart. I’m quitting while I’m ahead.”
The fall air had cooled significantly since the sun had gone down, but the alcohol is warming Steve enough that he is grateful for the slight chill as they step outside.
He hugs Bruce tightly, gets smashed in between a Thor and Quill sandwich, and Rhodey comes limping out of the dugout, Tony lifting him up and spinning him around before they both go tumbling to the ground. Even Strange grabs him by the shoulders and tells him what an amazing job he’s done. He gets jostled around between his teammates until everyone’s attention goes to lifting Natasha up in the air, the woman grinning past the tears rolling down her cheeks. While her players have all been fighting for a win, she’s been fighting just to prove herself as a female coach. She’s earned that today, fist raised up victoriously in the air as she’s lifted to her rightful place above their heads. They wouldn’t be here without her.
“Why don’t you give him some advice on how to deal with me then, huh? The tried-and-true Howard Stark method?” Tony finally snaps, breaking his vow of silence. He tosses another broken leg onto the dish in the center of the table, Steve only just now noticing how much crab Tony had gone through in his efforts to remain quiet. The small mountain of hollow crab shells toppled and spilled onto the table, the integrity cracked by the figurative final straw on the camel’s back. “Although I’m not sure Rogers will see the value in getting trashed and smacking me around a few times whenever I so much as
him advance. No, Tony has a point to prove, and it looks like the pitcher is now contesting the last call and seems fairly distracted. Tony inches further away from Rogers’ base, eyes darting around the field for any sort of whistle-blower.
Tony became a recluse for most of the following year, moving back to Malibu and quietly running Stark Industries from behind the scenes. Pepper quit her job as a manager for the Irons to become the public face for the rapidly expanding company. Steve was in the middle of his Tony-starved depressive mode, constantly scanning the papers for any kind of update. He tried calling, paging, emailing— anything to reach out to Tony to see how he was doing, but none of his attempts at contact were ever returned.
Steve doesn’t find out the outcome of the game until hours later when he finally leaves Bucky’s hospital room and finds the waiting area chock full of the Stars. They won by the skin of their teeth, and everyone insists it had everything to do with Steve’s home run changing the morale of the game. He wants to celebrate, he does, but his future seems bleak with the person he started this journey with unable to even move his arm past his shoulder.
I hope you all can forgive me for the wait-- I figured at least I was giving you double the content right? Right? (Also hoping that all the development/general Stony goodness will keep y'all well fed enough that you forgive me for taking almost a month to upload.) Forreal though, this chapter was a ton of fun to write and I guess that's why I just... kept......... going...... 💀
“Now that you’re fully awake, I’d like to evaluate your condition, if you feel up to that, Mr. Stark,” the doctor states, scanning her eyes over the machine next to him.
He’s being so fucking blasé that Tony wants to scream. Shouldn’t he care more about this? Or at least show a modicum of surprise at this news? “I told them no, of course.”
The amount of remaining Avengers dwindles further as Steve remains in the showers, catching Tony’s naked figure out of his periphery as he finally makes his way over. There’s only a few players left, plenty of available showerheads. Tony takes a stall on the opposite wall of Steve’s, in the far corner of the room. Every time Steve throws a cursory glance over his shoulder, doing his best to be subtle about it, Tony is still facing away from him, humming a random tune to himself as he lathers up with soap and starts to scrub the day’s grime off of him.
He’s still looking away from Steve when he asks, “Do you ever think you’d want to get married one day?”
The woman just hums and flashes him an empty smile as she folds her napkin and places it on the table. "I think I'll retire to the library for the night," she says quietly. Howard just grunts and waves for Steve to follow him. As a guest, he’s being split in three separate directions with no idea what’s the proper choice. He’s closest with Tony, who was clearly upset by the conversation but probably doesn’t want to see him. He just met Maria tonight, and while she’s the easiest to get along with in conversation, she’s not exactly happy either right now.
Steve normally stays on top of transfers, but neither Fury nor Van Dyne have mentioned anything about a new team member while he’s been in their presence. He can’t even recall any names that are rumored to be joining the Avengers this season. The fact that this has slipped under his radar as captain is astounding, even more so because pitchers are supposed to begin spring training at the top of the month, sometimes even as early as January, before the rest of the team is even scheduled to make an appearance on the pitch.
“See you out there,” Tony smacks him gently with his mitt before jogging over to where Vision was crouched by home plate, probably to talk strategy before the game started. Steve is pleased he looks a little more alive than when he had first turned up, thinking to himself that he prefers their Us Plans too.
He jerks off in the shower. He can’t help it, knowing he’s probably not going to get laid all week with Steve as his roommate. He can maybe pray for some good timing, or try and find someone else with their own room he can retreat to for an hour or so of fun, but it’s certainly not going to happen tonight with Steve babysitting him. They have a few days before the game and then get to stay an extra night after, so if Tony really tries, he can probably find a window of opportunity to get his rocks off elsewhere.
Tony shakes his head. There will be time later to ponder and to pine, but right now, he needs to keep his head on straight. He’s been so determined to win this game for years now, but as soon as Steve’s well-being is placed on the line, he crumbles. He’s suddenly willing to sacrifice everything he’s been fighting for, the entire reason for doing
He and the second baseman aren’t nearly as chatty. The Pacific Coast team’s batter finally makes a connection with the ball, earning a double that pushes Tony all the way to home.
“We shouldn’t be doing this at all,” Steve points out as he hypocritically pulls away to shuck off his button up and undershirt.
“They’ve made up their mind, Tony,” Tiberius interrupts. “But I heard after your hands heal, you could be added back to the active roster—”
Steve stands up, grabbing a towel off the weight rack to sling around his neck. "I don't really care about money all that much, believe it or not."
“Going out again tonight?” Steve asks, sitting up against his headboard as he flips through TV channels. “Do you really think that’s the best idea?”
He can hear a group of voices all talking at once as he comes around the corner, entering the secondary room where players were treated due to any injury in-game.
Steve stands as well, glad this conversation seems to be over. "I don't mind staying. We can just go back together in the morning."
want to go out and get shit-faced because we have an excuse to, but no one’s going to blame you if you don’t want to come out tonight.”
It takes some time to reign them all in, Steve feeling a little overwhelmed with all of the attention. He does his best to address all the kids as well as he can, used to this part of the job when walking outside of the stadium to say hello to fans, or getting stopped in public by parents with their children. The small herd is definitely full of energy and Steve glances over to see how Tony is faring with this. Where he wouldn’t really expect Tony to have the patience to deal with children, he actually seems to be thriving under their spitfire questions and praise.
The man walks forward, glaring sharply at his players who mutter their apologies and hurry off to the bus, Hammer shooting him one last smarmy look before he goes. Tony steps closer now, staring at his former coach in surprise. “What are you doing here? I thought Hansen was the coach for the PCL’s team this year.”
A hand suddenly catches the back of Tony’s head, spinning him around. He finds himself pressed forehead-to-forehead with Steve, both of their hats knocked free or thrown somewhere in all of the celebration. Tony gapes slightly at the closeness, the rest of the world suddenly falling away with Steve pressed this close, his hand holding Tony firmly by the base of his skull. Steve’s eyes are squeezed tightly shut, hiding away what Tony wants to see most in that moment.
He gets a blank stare in return. “...Drinking coffee? Talking? Or do you mean on, like, an existential level? Because scientifically, I can answer that question, but if you mean philosophically
Surprisingly, Steve makes an excellent play and steals third while the next player is at bat, Tony glowing with pride when he realizes it was using a tactic he had taught him last year. Steve isn’t a huge fan of stealing bases, but Tony had been steadily warming him to the idea that it has its benefits when one is able to weigh the risk vs reward of it. And boy, do they need some reward right about now.
“Alright, no more alcohol for you. Someone get this brat some water!” Natasha calls out, leaving her arm around Tony’s neck in a loose headlock.
Tony spares him an annoyed look as he pries off a back panel on the "drone" and slides out a small cube with a lens on it. "It's a remote piloted surveillance device— well, it is now. I didn't think about using it for surveillance purposes until more recently. Opens up an entirely new market— most likely some bastards from the government but if I haven't sold my soul already..."
Rhodey, Bruce, and Tony approach, Tony with freshly washed hair and smelling of citrus. “It’s Tony’s fault, of course,” Rhodey scoffs, his friend immediately looking affronted. “Seriously, how is it that you somehow finessed your way into getting your own room and still take twice as long as the rest of us who are all sharing a bathroom to get showered after the game?”
Somehow, he’s not surprised to see mostly bare cabinets and a fridge containing very little in the way of actual ingredients to make any sort of meal, but instead an array of takeout containers and pre-prepped meals stacked up in the freezer. Steve sighs and pulls out a plastic container of curry, veggies, and rice, figuring it’s his best bet. He cooks himself two fried eggs, bacon, and toast every morning, so maybe a little change is nice. He eats his breakfast in the kitchen and tries to fiddle through channels on Tony’s radio. A lot of it is just fuzzy static, but he manages to find a few stations occasional reporting updates on the weather. The snow isn’t supposed to stop anytime soon, but will hopefully not dump another few feet on them overnight. They’re expecting it to be clearable within the next couple of days, but for now everyone is told to stay indoors.
Steve stares at Tony, effectively rendered speechless. Whereas before Tony was avoiding his gaze, doing everything he could to avoid breaching the topic, now that he’s laid it all out on the line, his eyes are locked onto Steve. It’s the same determined stare he has when winding up for a pitch, his eyes locked onto the target knowing his arm will follow through flawlessly. Now he’s just waiting for Steve to take his swing.
Steve resists the urge to roll his eyes. “You know I’m on the good doctor’s side, Buck. If he wants to look at your elbow, I think you should let him.”
Steve grabs him by the back of his jeans and pulls him back down before he hurts himself or breaks something. “What, I’m curious!” He laughs. “You talked about hating my guts growing up, so I’m sensing a disconnect somewhere.”
The circle changeup wildly hooks around and Steve has to jump back to avoid it colliding with his hip.
“Who would I even play for?” Tony asks dismissively, but it’s not an outright shut out. “Other teams thought I was a flight risk then and I’m a flight risk now.”
Blood is rushing so loud in Steve's ears that he needs a nudge from Bucky before he realizes that Jim is already taking his seat. He quickly takes the steps up onto the stage without tripping, sitting down in his designated seat. They stare out at a sea of reporters who are all staring back, cameras and notebooks poised. Steve is uncomfortably aware of the microphone sitting in front of him, clearing his throat as far back from it as he possibly can.
Further to Tony’s credit, he doesn’t reply with even a mildly scathing sarcastic remark. “I am,” he ratifies.
but his mouth is too interested in doing other things than voice any reasons to stop right now. His arms wrap easily around Tony’s waist, hands running up his back and pulling him closer. He sinks back into the couch thinking that Tony’s right and it
“See you…” Steve echoes, watching him go. He pats Bruce on the arm on his way to the tunnel, the two immediately striking up some kind of conversation that gets lost in all the locker room noise as they walk away.
The question feels like a trap somehow, and it’s one Steve is entirely unsure on how to navigate. “I think it’s exactly how you said. Stark men aren’t easy,” he gives a hesitant smile. “I think you’re doing the best you can.” Steve never got the chance to get to an age where he really butt heads with his father, but even after Joseph’s death, he still loved his mother more than anything. Howard didn’t need to be six feet under for Steve to see that the case was the same with Tony.
The roster usually has around thirty players accounting for possible call-ups and injuries, but thirteen of those players are actually chosen by fans, media, and the coaches. There isn't a doubt in Tony's mind that he won't get chosen to play, no matter who it's left up to. He has an enormous fan base, he's the media's darling, and even if he wasn't Howard Stark's son, the managers and coaches throughout the Pacific League would have to be fools not to want him on their All-Star team. The rest of the seventeen players would be chosen by the league owners just to fill out the roster for possible substitutes.
Janet doesn’t let him stray too far from the gate, allowing Tony enough breathing room to get a coffee from one kiosk and add two shots of bourbon to it from a nearby bar. The cheap paper cup is drained by the time they board, Tony settling in next to Janet with Steve and Thor sitting behind them. He feels a bit like the class clown who gets stuck sitting at the front of the bus with the teacher on a field trip, but he actually doesn’t mind Janet all that much. Their families run in the same circles, the Van Dyne’s contracted by both the Major and Minor League’s for uniform design and other branding opportunities. Janet herself is the reason for the Avengers’ new uniform design that came about a few seasons ago, updating their color scheme to a sleek gunmetal and white with subtle accents of crimson. She sketches absentmindedly on a pad she brought, Tony occasionally taking a peek whenever his eyes stray from his light reading on thermonuclear astrophysics.
“How sweet,” Hammer drawls. “Honestly, it’s touching that all of you have welcomed him so warmly considering his…
“I’m surprised to see you up. You’re late and hungover to almost every morning practice we have,” Steve comments. “What were you up to?”
Steve has no interest in sticking around, knowing exactly how this conversation is going to go. He’s seen enough hourglass-figured ingénues cross into Tony’s path and completely occupy him for the immediate future. He spends the next few hours of his time seeking out fans and supporters of the team instead, engaging as many of them as he can in conversation to thank them properly. Without them, they’d have no one to be going to the Championship for aside from themselves. He doesn’t care how pedantic it sounds: he just can’t believe in that celebrating an accomplishment like this alone is nearly as gratifying as celebrating it with those that helped get you there in the first place.
“Aw, so I was your first,” Tony gushes, climbing back into his lap. “No wonder you wanna lock me down so bad. You’re such a
Tony hears some footsteps from behind him, turning to see Steve approaching. “Tony, Rezzo’s looking for you, wanted to know what the hold up is. Hello, Coach Stane,” he greets with a polite nod, holding a hand out.
open most of the time, so he’s clearly putting some effort in to appear guarded. “I insisted to come here myself. I was worried about you, T.”
"Steve!" Howard bursts with excitement, striding across the room. "It's been way too long, how are you, lad?"
“Upstate to see Clint and his family. His wife just had their new baby a couple of months ago and I have yet to meet the little stinker. I’m leaving tonight before the roads get too bad.”
Tony’s mouth parts easily against his own, expert tongue coaxing into Steve’s mouth, firing synapses off in his brain. One of Tony’s hands quickly maneuvers all of the buttons open on his shirt, surprisingly deft despite the alcohol and not even breaking the kiss. Steve tries not to think about how experienced Tony is in doing all this, any concern leaving his brain the moment Tony rubs a hand down his chest, nails scraping lightly over his abs and sending a shudder through his body. He groans into Tony’s mouth, feeling himself harden as Tony presses the leg in between each of Steve's closer.
It’s another ten minutes or so before Steve hears the water turn off in the other room, an additional five before Tony walks in wearing Steve’s clothes, hair still dripping slightly. Steve can’t help but think how much he looks his age again, swimming in clothes three sizes too big, tired eyes and runny nose tinged red. He stands up and walks over, taking the towel loosely held in Tony’s hand and lifting it to dry off his hair a little. Tony is still in danger of getting sick from the stunt he pulled, and walking around with a wet head was just asking for a cold at this point. Steve could remember his mother doing the same when he was young if she decided his hair drying wasn’t efficient— and that was only if she let him go outside in the first place.
Tony stares at her blankly for a moment, the rest of the team watching the verbal spar with bated breath. "Thirty minutes, huh? Listen Coach Romanoff, I'm a pretty busy guy, so I don't know if I can spare—"
Tony opens his mouth and immediately clamps it shut.  “You’re right,” he changes his course. “But you were never going to make that decision. I deserve to be the bad guy here; I was the one who pulled the trigger. I needed to face my own demons instead of push them on everyone else.”
Tony shrugs on his jersey, Steve’s hand sliding off him with the movement. “Yeah, well, at least it means he’s actually watching,” he sighs, angrily buttoning himself up.
“Ready?” Steve asks the small conga line of children behind him, met with excited nods. “Okay, now!”
“My name is Nurse Leyva. I’m calling from NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital on behalf of Tony Stark who was just admitted to our care. You are one of his two listed emergency contacts.”
“That’s bullshit, Steve!” Bucky interrupts, the right hand of his fist clenching. “Do you know how many people in the world get the chance to play in the World Series? Hell, not even that many Major League assholes get to make it to that game. And you’re just going to throw all that away for- for what?! For me?! Do you think that’s what I want for you?” Steve is shocked into silence by his best friend’s outburst, watching as angry tears well up in his eyes. He can’t remember the last time he saw Bucky cry. “The only reason I’m sitting here with my arm all blown to hell is because
Steve glances back at Tony who gives him a shrug. “Sure, why not?” Steve straightens up and lets the little girl seize him by the sleeve and start dragging him towards the rest of her friends, little bobbles bouncing back and forth on her head as she hurries along.
. Besides,” he clasps Steve’s hand tighter. “I’m not alone. I have you to support me and I don’t need or
She smiles approvingly at him, crossing her arms. “You’re gonna go off and make us all real proud, kid. Be sure to thank me in your big victory speech when you win your first World Series. Now let’s go inside before you freeze to death,” she wraps an arm around him and leads him back into the apartment.
“No, darling, leave that be,” hands cover his own and gently lower it back to his own lap. He blinks up at her, seeing the familiar face of his aunt swirl into his vision. Everything looks soft and floaty, like he’s staring at an underwater painting with the edges all bleeding into each other and shifting around with shimmering bursts of light twinkling here and there. “Doctor? Nurse?” She looks between Tony and the door, torn. “I need a doctor in here! Please!”
“I don’t have to be... back until morning,” Steve is already breathless, head thrown back against the pillow as his back arches up to Tony. Discovering how sensitive the man’s chest is has been one of the more thrilling aspects of them learning how each other’s bodies work, Tony taking full advantage of it when dragging out the foreplay until he can get Steve writhing. “The team is… staying on Ohio for the night… since we play in Indianapolis the next day—”
Tony shrugs one shoulder. “Don’t thank me, they’re your clothes.” He spins back around in his chair to go back to his sketching.
Tony scrapes the food out of the skillet and onto his plate before flinging his spatula into the sink. “Fuck off, Ty.”
After an extended pause, he feels the weight of the bed dip next to him, Steve still leaving about a foot of space between them. “I love you too… What’s this about, Tony?”
Howard and Maria’s gravestones sit, side by side, with day-old flowers and a few worn out mitts and baseballs still sitting there. Tony knows someone comes by to clear it out every other day or so, but he gave the staffing instruction long ago to just donate anything that would be worth using still. No reason for a bunch of perfectly good bats or balls to waste their time in some cemetery when there could be kids who can’t afford them who want to play.
!” He shakes Tony again, pointing out at the field where the game has resumed despite the confrontation on the sidelines. “Believe it or not, the world does not revolve around you outside of the Irons. The only reason you’re here is because your old man makes you out to be some golden goose. If it were up to me, I would never let you on this team. You may be a good player, Stark, but you’re a
Guilt consumes Steve on the entire bus ride home, because he’d done exactly that when Tony first started playing on his team.
The photo is grainy and poor quality, clearly edited to be brightened despite it making the resolution much worse with the additional contrast, but it’s clear enough. From the angle the photo was taken at, somewhere down the block and across the street, captured with some kind of zoom lens, Tony’s face is clearly visible, but the man he’s locking lips with is not. He flips the magazine open to the page marked with a colored tab by Hill, seeing the full spread inside.
One ham and cheese sandwich later, Steve squeezes out the window and onto the fire escape to eat. He hears a soft meowing and looks down at the little scrap of a kitten that normally comes around all the tenants of their building begging for scraps. Bucky and Steve feed him the most, and had affectionately named him Patches.
Tony’s mouth twitches in amusement, making Steve wonder what he just missed going on in that big brain of his. “After I graduated, I already had plenty of investors who wanted to hire me for contracted work, or companies who wanted to take me on as a designer but… I don’t know. None of them felt like the right fit. I wanted some time to pursue some passion projects and work on my doctorates, but I’d go crazy if that’s
He can almost see the weight get lifted off Peggy’s shoulders. He had always been so absorbed in his and Buck’s own feelings about the matter that he never really considered that maybe it was harder on their manager than he had thought. “Glad to hear that… Well, I should get going,” she peeks over her shoulder at where Tony is parked, fiddling with something on his dashboard as he waits with a furrowed brow. Steve is surprised he hasn’t laid on the horn yet. “We need to catch up just the two of us soon though.”
The two are quiet for a while, the only sound the hum of flame from the burner, and a quiet bubbling from the unpronounceable liquid as it boils. Steve had expected more heat from Tony when he came down here, but the sequence of events that followed Tony's initial hostility was so unexpected that now the two of them have no idea where to go from here.
Tony returns a second later, apparently picking up some renewed vigor along the way as he plops down next to Steve, crossing his legs. He fiddles with the golden band now back on his ring finger as he looks over the selection, eventually dragging the carton of pork dumplings over first.
“I had Bruce and Rhodes give me some input too,” Steve says bashfully. “When I called this place to rent out the whole thing, I think the owners were surprised to hear you were turning twenty-three, not twelve.”
Steve is almost at a loss for words. Surely she understands what he's getting at. "Why was my initial contract for four seasons and Bucky's was only for one?"
He eventually makes it to the safety and warmth of Tony’s apartment lobby, breathing hard with extremely red ears and nose. The lobby is desolate, no staff or resident in sight but decorated lavishly with towering Christmas trees and tinsel hanging from the walls. Steve tries to unruffle his appearance in the elevator, shoving his hat and gloves in the pockets of his coat as he attempts to push his hair back into something that doesn’t quite resemble a bird’s nest.
Tony lets the sound of the crowd and commentators energize him as he hops up and down in place between second and third bases. Whitaker had come to him first thing that morning and told him he'd be allowed to play as shortstop for the match.
Steve watches the tendons in Tony's neck tighten but he just smiles. "Anything for you, Aunt Peg. Happy dropped you off right? My car's a two-seater so Rogers will have to follow on his bicycle." He winks at Steve. "Try to keep up."
As things start to wind back down, Steve sits on the hood of one of the snowed-in cars, shedding a few layers to try and shake some snow free from his jacket. He’s content to sit off to the side, a couple of the kids waving their goodbyes as they head home, parents’ calling them back inside from the windows above until all that’s left are Annie and her brothers who have returned to the abandoned snowman at the base of the hill. He only has eyes for Tony as the man helps the kids out with the structural integrity of their awkwardly sized golem, directing the children on the best way to pack and roll a head for it. He’s listening attentively to their youthful chatter, nodding and answering whatever questions they have for it, asking them questions in return. It’s touching to watch, Steve feeling his affection for the man grow as he lifts little Annie on top of his shoulders so she can decorate the face of their creation, sharing high fives with the boys when it’s finally complete.
Natasha is completely speechless, looking at her team who are all hanging their heads in shame or openly staring at Tony like he’s some kind of alien. Tony's cool exterior has faded now that the bet has been won, his grin once again plastered on his face. "This means I get to leave early right?"
"He doesn't have to excuse anything, Maria," Howard sighs, taking another swig of his drink. "Tony throws tantrums like that all the time."
Steve shrugs. Sure, that's what's expected of him, but he's not really sure that's what he wants. Delving into his plans for the future isn't really what he wants to be focusing on right now.
Tony feels refreshed and relaxed after the shower, coming out in a big fluffy robe with a towel laying on top of his head. Steve has changed out of his sweats and is wearing dark jeans and a plaid button up shirt, sitting up in bed flipping through a book. “You’re seriously going to go out like that?” Tony asks with a wrinkled nose. “You look like a dad.”
“Hmm?” Tony sighs sleepily, eyelids fluttering without opening all the way. “I was… list’n to that…” he mumbles, tucking his face into Steve’s chest. “...m’work’n…”
"Nice," Steve breathes, immediately buckling his seat belt when Tony screeches onto the highway, already speeding. "You should put on your seat belt."
“Right…” Tony hedges, glancing in confusion between them before he looks to Janet. “So what’s all this about then?”
“I’m not letting you drive like this,” Steve disagrees. “My place is a few blocks closer and has less parking requirements, why don’t we just go back there so you can sleep this off? Then we’ll go back to the stadium when you’re feeling up to it, deal?”
“Oh, believe me, I am,” he answers, still grinning with malice. “I am sorry it played out as it did. I really do hate to see my dear friend so defeated... But let’s face it, even if something like this hadn’t happened, it was only a matter of time until you followed down your father’s dark, dark path of alcoholism. I’d hate to see you end up like your sweet parents.”
Steve grabs Tony's wrist instinctively as soon as it touches the edge of his towel. Tony hisses in pain and Steve quickly drops the pitcher’s hand. "I don't know what you're trying to do, Tony, but you should stop." His tone is firm. This is Tony’s captain speaking now, not his friend. Or whatever they could’ve been considered before.
Tony stares in disbelief. There are so many variables in everything requested of him. Sure, Tony could possibly get the two outs as a shortstop, but depending on how many players they get at bat, Tony might be in a poor position with outs against him by the time he steps up to the plate. It’s not impossible, but it is improbable. Tony doesn’t like those odds.
Carefully, Steve cups the less-swollen side of his face and presses their lips together. Tony doesn’t have a lot of energy in the bank to pour into it, but it seems like Steve is trying to be gentle with him anyway, just giving a chaste, close-lipped kiss of reassurance that they’re together again. Instinctively, they both pull away rather hastily, Steve checking over his shoulder to make sure no one is peering in on them. The lone nurse has her back to them, no other witnesses privy to their interaction.
.” Tony’s grinning and elbows him in the side, earning a playful poke to his own ribs as he comes to stand next to him in the huddle.
Steve grips the top of the separator, his other hand curling into a fist in the back of Tony’s hair. He wants to pull him off, but his mouth and throat feel so good that he can’t bear to force him away. His hips stutter slightly as he hears footsteps coming down the hallway, turning to see Clint poking his head around the corner.
"Wait, that's a camera?" It was so... small. How was that even possible? Where did the polaroid slide out?
No one joins Steve in the elevator with any sort of explanation. It starts descending down to the lobby, a few people getting in along the way. Just when it empties out at the bottom floor, a group of Steve's teammates get on board.
Despite his general attitude he gives Pepper around these sort of things, Tony really does love press events. He's been relishing in the attention he receives from them since his first magazine interview at age six after he built his first computer from scratch. That was back in '76, when that sort of thing was impressive. He's stepped it up since then of course.
Steve leans in close to him, keeping his voice low, “As glad as I am everyone is having fun, I kind of wish it was just the two of us so I could kiss you at midnight.”
“Hm?” Tony asks sleepily. He feels a nudge against his back and twists slightly, cracking an eye open. Steve leans over him slightly to lay a chaste kiss to his lips, cupping his jaw with one hand. For the first time since their fight, Tony finally feels himself
"Can you just promise me we won't bring Hammer? That guy is such a douchebag, and he totally blew it last year."
“Let him do it!” Tony argues jumping to his feet. “I’ve got the best lawyers in the country in my back pocket who will happily drag his ass to court.”
“You’re thinking too much,” Steve whispers, rubbing a thumb between Tony’s pinched eyebrows. “You’re exhausted. We’ll talk about it more in the morning, let’s just go to bed.”
if people get a good look at his face. He figures at one point or another he’ll get stopped by some reporter, and he’d rather be captured proudly repping his partner than not, so he takes off the jacket and dons the striped jersey and matching hat.
He admittedly doesn’t look fantastic by the time he and Steve head downstairs, exactly one minute before eleven, when the meeting is supposed to begin (which is still
Removing his glove, Bucky wipes his sweaty palm against his dirt-stained pants. “I think I’m going to drop out in a couple years and join the rookie leagues.”
The room is quiet save for Tony’s breathing that is starting to become more shallow, picking up in speed.
Steve keeps tabs on Tony for the rest of the practice. He runs fairly well, light on his feet just as Steve remembers from what he’d seen last year. He slides for bases a lot, and Tony has a compact enough body that as long as he has enough momentum going into it, he can get to a base in a pinch.
“...Tony? Oh, Tony! Honey, don’t touch that!” He hears a familiar voice from his right, blearily turning his head towards her.
Tony grins and leans down to kiss him on the cheek. “Thanks, hon.” He bustles off to the bathroom, Steve setting all their food out the best he can on top of the box.
Tony locks up the guest house he uses as his lab, having completely gutted the building to be much better suited for his needs (especially since there had definitely been a few mostly contained explosions that have gone down since he bought the residency after graduating).
“Hey!” Rhodes calls from behind them, climbing out of the dugout and striding over to them. “What the hell was that, man?”
Anyhoo, I can make no promises on when I will update next, but I am SO dedicated to getting this fic done as soon as possible without fully frying my brain because of it. I will hopefully be on a once a 2-3 week upload schedule, but forgive me if I don't manage that over the holidays. I'm going to do my best and really do apologize it took so long to get this chapter out.
Peter’s fingers dig into the ratty holes in his jeans, picking at the loose denim strands absently. “I-I’m okay. Nowhere near as good as you, sir.”
Tony shrugs. “You know me. I don’t want to stay tied down. That way when I start hating baseball again I can just quit and not have to worry about anything else.”
He’s still thinking about his visit from Tiberius the following week as he waits for the doctors to finish up with his paperwork. Steve brings him fresh clothes and helps him into the wheelchair, leaving him in the lobby so he can pull the car around front. The World Series starts tomorrow. Tony is expected to be there even if he’s not playing, having been mailed his plane ticket to St. Louis and itinerary courtesy of Hill and Coulson. It’s already torn up and settling in the bottom of a random hospital trash can, Tony having purchased a ticket to take him straight home to D.C. tomorrow morning instead. He doesn’t know how any of them believed even for a second that he would show his face in support of them after they’ve essentially dragged him out back, tied him to a tree, and shot him in the leg, left to bled out on his own.
it was rather than the gender. After Steve told me he was with a man, it took him months before I could put the pieces together that it was you. He never told me outright.”
Howard waves around some steak on the end of his fork, pointing it specifically at Tony now. “All I know is, you better not be disrespecting your captain the way you disrespected me, kid.”
He doesn’t swing for the Forkball or Slurve, both meeting the catcher's mitt in the strike zone, both counting, as fair pitches, both strikes against Jacobs. Desperate to get a hit in, Tony knows he’ll swing no matter what gets thrown now. He misses the Splitter by a mile, bat whiffing through the air and effectively putting the last nail in the coffin for the seventh inning.
Or maybe it’s jealousy that Coach Danvers has taken such an interest in him. Tony knew from what Pierce had said that she had been campaigning to get him on the team for quite some time now. Since day one of training she’s kept a close eye on him, mostly asking him questions about his play style and the judgments he makes for pitches, rather than actually offering critiques. She hasn’t tried to correct his form, suggested changes, or really given him any indication or direction. She just asks him to pitch, to run, to throw, to catch— really do anything and just jots something down on her clipboard, nods, and tells him to keep doing what he’s doing before moving onto another player.
“You’re a dick…” she repeats, taking a deep breath. “But… It’s sad to see you go,” she admits begrudgingly.
“I’m retiring before I get the kind of head damage you have, Birdbrain,” Tony deadpans as he shoved Natasha’s best man off him.
Acceptance is a virtue slow-learned, a lesson made very evident to them after their Kiss Heard ‘Round the World.
Tony’s already laying in bed, rolling onto his back so he can shove his hand into his sweatpants. He’s already getting hard after hearing Steve’s voice drop into that husky register. Phone sex has become a regular occurrence ever since their separation, and while it’s no substitute for the real thing, Tony gets a thrill out of it. It’s intimate, in a strange way. He doesn't have Steve’s physical presence here to bring him off, just has to lose himself in the moment, hinged on the sound of his voice. While he’s not as confident in his dirty talking as Tony is, he’s gotten better as his reservations about it slowly slip away.
Steve takes a beat or two just to stare at the woman. He knows it’s not a joke, but the statement alone he just can’t take seriously. “Janet… I don’t know the first thing about managing a team...”
All teams that make up the MLB are divided into two divisions. The National League is made up of the older, “senior teams”, while the “juniors” are in the American League. The Stars fit under this category, and are one of the top two teams from their season moving onto the Championship Series. The winner of that seven-game series will move onto the World Series to face off against the winner of the National League Championship.
Natasha waits until the room is fully silent, but it feels less like it’s for dramatic effect and more that she’s dead set on making sure everyone gets their jokes and offhand comments out of the way before she speaks again. The entire team is looking expectantly to their coach, Nat’s face grim. She takes a visibly deep breath. “I just want to tell you all here and now before you hear it on the radio on the way home, or see it on the news… but Howard and Maria Stark died earlier this afternoon.”
He does his best to forget about the meeting. He’s going to turn them down anyway, but he at least owes it to his own ego to make Janet sweat it out for another few days before he let’s the axe fall, call her on her bluff that she would even consider not processing his next single-season contract.
Tony takes a deep breath and lifts his gaze, flipping the cards face down onto the podium as he stares directly into the camera with the blinking red light.
Patches receives one quick belly rub before Steve heads back inside, sure that the end of the season festivities were already in full swing. By the time he pulls up to the pub a half hour later, he can hear the boisterous crew inside even over the roar of his engine.
Peggy grimly presses her lips together. "Doctors said he only has a few months left. Five, if he's lucky."
Peter’s eyes shine, and that’s apparently all it takes before the floodgates open. They spend the next few hours talking about their shared loves for science and maths, Tony just imagining poor Bruce probably having to endure the kid’s motor mouth. Then again, he puts up with Tony, so this little sapling is probably no skin off his nose. Peter is exceptionally bright, both in how he plays baseball and talks about his knack for science. He really does remind Tony of himself.
can be out until ungodly hours getting absolutely trashed,” Tony replies smugly as they get off the elevator. Steve helps him cart all his belongings down the long hallway, Tony victoriously being the one to unlock the door first. He concedes one of the two keys over to Steve, only because he knows he’ll probably lose his own.
Right. A Major League Man. He vaguely can recognize the name and face as one of his father’s old acquaintances. He owns one of the teams in the MLB, but he can’t think of which one right now. “Tony is fine,” he says, shaking the man’s hand.
Without breaking tempo, Tony slides over slightly to make room for Steve next to him on the bench. He sinks down, careful not to interrupt Tony's playing. The song has shifted slightly, his fingers dancing across the keys in a more intricate melody now. It eventually slows back down in a decrescendo until the last chord rings through the room, Tony’s hands slipping off the keys and into his lap.
Steve leans against the pillows, resting his head on top of Tony’s. “Is it accurate?” He looks down at the folder Tony had brought to bed, a record of the Avengers’ wins and losses and overall stats for the past ten years.
He stares at his reflection, eyes wild from adrenaline and sweat dripping from his hair now that his hat is removed. They’re
He’s never heard Tony sound so unsure of anything. He’s avoiding Steve’s eyes, vulnerability not a particular strong suit of his. “No,” he assures Tony, holding him by the chin and forcing his gaze up. “Honestly, I surprised myself for even coming here in the first place but… I guess I knew the feelings were there. At the time I just wanted to see you.”
, Steve thinks desperately, but his mouth has gone dry. His own adequacy gets the better of him, nerves bubbling up to the surface. “I just… I don’t want you to have to do that and me not… know how to return the favor,” he confesses.
Tony is standing in front of the cameras but is facing away from them, gesturing to someone off screen. “Yeah, yeah, get on in here— What? Yeah, it’s fine— I want you in here with me, come on, kid.” A fond murmuring immediately arises from their group as they see a familiar face appear on screen. Scrappy little teenager Peter Parker is no longer a teenager, but still pretty scrappy looking even at twenty-seven. He’s smiling nervously, glancing between the reporters and the cameras and Tony, letting the man wrap an arm around his shoulders and pull him into the shot.
“Um, just benign contract stuff. Same as every season, wondering if I’m going to sign on for multiple seasons or not,” he dismisses.
"Lose the fuckin’ attitude." He slams his binder shut before blowing his whistle and returning to the rest of the team.
Tony wasn’t joking that this needed to be quick. He slides one finger into Steve, giving him almost no time to adjust before a second one is joining it. He tucks his face into his arm to muffle his groans, cock bobbing helplessly in front of him as he gently rocks his hips back to help Tony loosen him up. The clothing bunched up over his knees prevents him from spreading his legs even further, just another lewd reminder of their impatience. He looks back over his shoulder, shuddering at the sight behind him. Tony looks powerful like this, still dressed with his pants undone and pushed down just enough for his erection to be freed, pumping himself slowly with one lubed up hand while the other takes Steve apart. His pupils blown are out in the darkness, brow drawn together in concentration with just a few strands of hair finding their way down over his forehead. The implications of their current positions are filthy and a complete and utter turn-on.
To no surprise, Tony does glance his way. He quirks an eyebrow at him, eyes flickering towards third base.
Tony’s expression immediately becomes more serious. He tucks his legs underneath him, running a hand through his messy hair. “What is there to talk about?”
The reporter doesn’t seem phased by the player's response, now reading off a piece of paper. "You said,
“Hey, hey, hey!” Tony quiets them all down, holding up his arms. “How about we have a good old fashioned snowball fight? Does that sound fun to you guys?”
She smiles knowingly. “Well I can’t say I’m not going to spark that same reaction with what I wanted to talk to you about… I’m sure you and I can both agree that I’m
Steve hums and catches him by the jaw, pressing a slightly longer kiss to his lips. He’s been spoiled this weekend with the amount of Tony he got, especially after a few weeks of not seeing him at all due to the Yankees’ travel schedule. “Thanks. It was a birthday gift.”
, along with his phone number. He shambles across the road and into the bar, hoping to find someone to throw some cash at to allow him to siphon enough gas out of their tank to get him back to civilization.
The maintenance guy glances up from his tools, frowning. "I don't think I'm supposed to let anyone in..."
Tony’s fork scrapes against his plate, his gaze slowly rising back up to stare at his boyfriend. “What do you mean
“Janet, of course, is fighting to keep me but said she wouldn’t fault me if I left. And with the way I’ve been playing, at this point Nat would be happy to see me gone,” he chuckles, bringing a smile to Steve’s face as well. “And Pep… Well, she thinks it would be great for me PR-wise. People would see it as honorable, or whatever, especially if we come out and say my dad had mentioned in his will he wanted to see me back in the red and gold and inherit the team one day.”
the average of most of the players in his league, even just glancing at his overall player value. Hell, he’s beating out major league players too,
Steve wants to stop everything and ask Natasha who their new pitcher is, but she’s clearly not in the mood to discuss it. He starts stretching with the rest of the team, making sure everyone would be ready for the first day back. His teammates were usually completely committed to a good workout schedule during the off season, but he knows Natasha is going to run their practice extra hard today since she’s in a bad mood. The woman’s relentless like that, but it keeps them at the top so Steve has zero complaints.
They stand shoulder-to-shoulder, naturally huddling closer for warmth. Smoke is the only conversation to pass between them for a few minutes, Tony watching the grey-white tendrils mixing in with the natural condensation of their breaths as they exhale. There’s plenty of noise pollution filtering up to them from below, and they can see the clusterfuck of lights and sound coming from Times Square in the distance, a better view of all the action inside on Tony’s TV.
It’s a nice night, the sidewalks a little wet from some rainfall earlier in the evening. All the lights shine brightly in the reflective puddles on the ground. They cut through one corner of Central Park, a comfortable silence settling between them. They technically pass Steve’s building on the way, but he decides not to say anything since he doesn’t have to double-back too far. Steve is slightly confused when Tony comes to a stop in front of an enormous hotel, the revolving door spinning aimlessly with no one wandering in or out at this hour.
Steve’s eyes not so subtly cut over to the other side of the room where Tony is standing with Janet and some of the other bridesmaids, his tie now a silver and no longer matching the colors of their deep red dresses, instead now looking like he belonged on the groom’s side of the stage during the ceremony.
“I didn’t say you don’t like it here,” Janet holds up her hands. “But I’ve talked it over with Fury and we’ve always been on the same page in regards to you playing for us since day one. You can do a lot better. You should be playing in the Majors and while that wasn’t an option on your mind before… We think it should be now.”
Curious, Steve steps away from the power rack he was doing pull-ups on to turn the volume knob up on the television. The fuzzy screen has just cut back to the two newscasters, the picture of a smiling young Stark still on the screen behind them. The reporters seem to be in the middle of a heated discussion.
Tony tosses his duffel bag inside, pulling his wrinkled t-shirt off over his head before he kicks his converse off and into the locker with two metallic thuds. “Had to endure Howard calling me at the crack ass of dawn to scream about how I didn’t take the last game seriously enough, which then transitioned into his classic ‘When are you going to come home and be on the team you actually belong to?’ tirade. And then he started—” Tony pauses to let another yawn through. “—talking about how I’m clearly doing all this to spite him, and how ungrateful I am for having no interest in taking over his business, and for insisting to go to MIT and get an engineering degree then not even put it to use.” He changes into his uniform as he continues to rant, balling up his street clothes and angrily chucking them into his locker. “Then of course my mom overhears and starts yelling at Howard, which then got
“Not another word!” One of the refs roars, the same one who had rebuffed Tony’s complaints earlier. “I ain’t gonna tolerate anymore of this. Not another peep outta you,” he growls, pointing at Hammer. He then brings the angry finger around to jab it towards Steve and Tony. “And
Natasha sighs when they pull up to the hotel. "Alright, everyone, pack up if you didn't earlier and get all your stuff loaded on the bus. We're headed back to Manhattan in an hour." Steve almost forgot they’re headed home right after the game. This means he and Tony are going to be in the same space for a few hours whether the prodigy likes it or not.
Tony wants to ask. He knows that it’s an impossible question for her to answer. He almost broaches the topic of his and Steve’s argument from when she ran into them the day before, but he knows he can’t run to everyone else when he’s having relationship problems to hope they have solutions for him. This is something he has to figure out on his own.
The Avengers have gotten a lot of new recruits with Tony and a few others leaving, just as Janet had been pushing for. Most of the pillars still remain, the biggest loss from the season clearly their star pitcher. Steve feels optimistic about their chances this year, but everyone is clearly taking some time adjusting to the new lineup that is now very devoid of one hotheaded frontman.
, even? Did I ever make a promise to you that I would be signing you and your friend for the same amount of seasons?"
“What the fuck did you just say to me?” Tony asks, simultaneous with Pepper’s stern, “That’s enough, Justin.”
were amazing out there today,” Tony counters. “Today. Every day. All the days. Isn’t she amazing guys!?” Tony grabs her chin, looking to the rest of the group for affirmation. Everyone is mostly just laughing at his antics, while Natasha tries to save Pepper from Tony’s grasps. He clings to her protectively, his coach eventually giving up.
Steve knows Tony and Howard’s relationship wouldn’t be able to take that blow, but no matter how Tony thought Maria would react, she would never condemn him. “Your mom would love you no matter what.”
"Maria Stark," she introduces herself, ignoring Steve's outstretched hand in favor of a hug. She greets him the same way Tony had greeted her, wiping a smudge of lipstick off Steve’s cheek with her thumb after she pulls back. "It's a pleasure to have you over for dinner tonight. Howard is just finishing a phone call in his study and will join us momentarily."
. Steve doesn’t care what kind of leaps and bounds technology seems to be making these days, he will always love his simple, crisp newspapers.
Steve knows it’s working, a slow grin creeps in on Tony’s face and betraying the indifference to the idea his eyes are trying to portray. “Even if I did—
Steve didn't know exactly what he was going to find when he finally got to Tony's bedroom, not really concerned with details in the heat of the moment.
Now he’s starting to regret the interruption, wishing he kept his mouth shut so he could be hearing Steve’s story about his elderly neighbor’s deaf beagle instead of being trapped in this horrible conversation. Tony closes his eyes, trying to absorb the words that just came out of Steve’s mouth. “No, Steve.”
Home. Right. Steve has gotten so caught up in this whirlwind of the past few days holed up in Tony’s apartment that he’s almost forgotten there is an entire life waiting outside. He feels detached from that world now, not realizing that he’ll have to go back eventually.
Tony stands by the bench press, arms crossed, looking as uncomfortable as Steve has ever seen him. He continues to stand there with furrowed brow until Thor takes his cue to leave, only speaking again once he can tell everyone else in their hotel’s gym is out of earshot. "What were you doing just then, three hundred?"
It's a Stars tradition to go to Kurtzberg’s at the end of the season. Steve goes over to his locker, right next to Bucky's, and changes into his street clothes. "Going straight to Kurtz’s?" Bucky asks. "The boys are trying to rally together a carpool and we're running out of seats."
. I know your game is to probably woo through brief hand holding and shy glances with your gorgeous blue eyes, but not everyone needs to be
The following season after Bucky’s injury and the Stars’ big World Series win, Steve started to feel some pain in his right knee.
Peggy nods. "Of course. I wouldn't hang out here for too long. I saw Barnes sidling up on Dugan's sister, and he might need you to back him up if he starts a brawl in there," she smirks before slipping back inside.
Tony opens his mouth for some biting remark but decides against it before he can voice his opinion. "Yeah, fine," he concedes. “And people call
“Hey!” Tony complains, immediately trying to wrestle the container out of his hand, even after it’s been emptied. Ty is lean and tall, having several inches on Tony, making it easy to hold it overhead and out of reach. It feels like they’re kids all over again.
Steve’s gaze flickers away from the screen for a moment to look over at Tony, his dark eyes, as always, analyzing every little thing they can see. It makes a corner of his mouth quirk up in amusement, his eyes trailing lower to see that he and Bruce are holding hands. They aren’t doing it secretly, hands resting on Bruce’s thigh as his leg jumps up and down. Their fingers are locked together, Steve catching the movement of Tony’s thumb as he soothes it over the other man’s hand. Afraid of being caught himself, Steve quickly turns his attention back to the screen and keeps it there.
Steve sits down on his own bed, facing Tony. “I don’t know if that’s the word I would use. It was certainly entertaining.” He nods towards an envelope sitting on the table in the corner. “I collected your winnings for you after you go too drunk to walk out of the place.”
Their flight into Massachusetts landed just a few hours ago, but he couldn’t fall back asleep after the drive out to the outer cape. Steve was fast asleep the moment he hit the mattress of the four-poster bed, Tony only managing to rest for an hour or two before he quietly slipped out of the master bedroom and onto the back porch overlooking the bluffs beyond while wrapped in a warm blanket. It’s pitch dark out, the moon barely a sliver in the sky. Tony has been holed up in overpopulated cities for so long that he almost forgot what it was like to look up at a dark velvet sky and see it dotted with countless stars.
He sees a brief moment of confusion flicker across Tony’s face as he leans over him, reaching out to scoop the smaller man into his arms. Tony buries his face in Steve’s chest, frame still trembling as the steam rises up around them and slowly warms the pair up. Tony’s fingers feel like icicles as they curl against Steve’s back, hugging him closer as his sobs begin to slow and his breathing returns to normal. They stay like that for an immeasurable amount of time, Steve letting his head rest against the top of Tony’s, eyes closed as the scalding water continues to run down his face and body.
There’s a slow song playing again as the dance floor fills with pairs. Tony takes the lead, the only dance partner Steve can trust he can follow. They hold each other close, Tony’s arm wrapped around his waist, laying his head on Steve’s shoulder.
The new angle is sinfully fulfilling, Steve burying his face in Tony’s neck as he starts to lose more of his self-control. His hips jackhammer up into Tony who claws at his back and very freely vocalizes his pleasure, a slew of curses falling from his lips in a desperate, aching cry for more.
The abrupt pang of sadness at the thought confuses Steve more than anything he had felt since the day Tony showed up in his stadium.
The room is silent. The past 24 hours have been such a frenzy, his managers immediately working towards a viable cover story and making sure that Tony was emotionally recovering from the shock that they hadn’t even shown an inch of concern as to the claims being made. They're just here to dispute them, not judge. Maria opens her mouth to say as such, Pierce’s voice cutting in sharply from the corner. “Be careful what you say next, Stark,” he warns gravely. Tony looks up to match his disgusted glare. “Do you know the policy the military has about homosexuals who serve?”
Predictably, Natasha grabs them both by the ears and scolds them for showing up late, hurrying them into their uniforms after accepting Tony’s clean bill of health from Dr. Cho. He’s not batting today, but Natasha has him slated to pitch all nine innings as long as he can handle it. And he will.
"I'm sorry." Steve takes a deep breath. "When it was time for contract signing, even when we talked about it leading up to that, you seemed to make it very clear that you wanted Buck and me for the long term, and you wanted us together."
Steve shakes his head, gaze flickering between the placed bets and Tony’s face. “You’re absolutely ridiculous.”
they experience when left alone together for too long), instead taking on the role of his main support in his ongoing struggle with alcoholism. There are backslides, plenty of them, each one getting worse than the last. He and Tony argue about it, easily going from screaming matches to Tony crumbling and sobbing in his arms. He along with their other friends get Tony the help he needs, going to AA with him, aiding him with the withdrawals, standing there every time to help him back to his feet when he falls. Watching his battle against becoming a man he always despised, Steve realizes that Tony is one of the strongest people he knows, even when he feels like the weakest.
They both stop and turn when they hear a voice call out to them as they pass by an empty intersection. On the street perpendicular to theirs, there’s a small group of five or six kids on a makeshift hill, letting out peals of laughter as they sled down it, with a few off to the side taking on the project of building a snowman that’s already almost twice their height. They’re all still a few yards away, a lone girl broken off from the pack who caught Tony and Steve running by.
Monica chatters happily to Tony as they all watch the game, telling him all about her last year at school, her plans for the Summer, and the other notable things in the daily life of a nine year-old. Steve can’t help but smile as Tony nods and expresses interest, answering all the questions she has about his projects. Whenever they visit Massachusetts or Carol and Maria come to New York, Monica always glues herself to his side. Her moms say she talks about him nonstop and brags to all the kids at her school about her Uncle Tony, especially since she spent a few weeks with them last Winter, making herself a semi-permanent fixture on Tony’s workbench, fascinated by his projects.
Two players remain, tossing the ball in the outfield of yellowing grass. Back and forth, alternating between high lobs and fast pitches. They move with perfect synchronization despite the differences in their appearance, size and stature holding no similarities.
"For being a fag?" Tony asks, raising his eyebrows. He's still walking towards Steve like a cat on the prowl.
There’s still a slight sheen of sweat on Steve’s body, his chest rising and falling rapidly as he attempts to catch his breath after Tony had decided this morning he would be introducing Steve to the world of being woken up by a blowjob. “What?” He asks in amusement, craning his neck to look down at the top of Tony’s head.
-ing themselves over the fact that I'm showing up all of their favorite old players who can't handle a little change in the game."
Steve appreciates the lengths Peggy goesto to get to know all the players. Ever since he started and felt like the manager didn't even look at him twice in the first few months of him being on the team, everyone else had nothing but good things to say about her. The Majors are just so different than the teams Steve has played for in the past. His relationships with previous managers and owners had felt so much more personal when the teams were smaller and the stakes were lower. It’s just something to sacrifice, he supposes. The Stars are still like a tight-knit family, and Steve is grateful to be a part of it. Getting sold off to another team against his will is the
He steps back onto the curb, eyes still shut as he hears the car door close. The sound of the engine starts up and slowly fades into the distance, leaving Tony alone again. He opens his eyes, takes a deep breath, and walks back to the hotel.
People still may not be ready to accept Tony for who he is, but his teammates are hellbent on protecting him this time around. According to Janet, all publicity is good publicity if you know how to use it. Her top priority is still Tony’s safety, but both he and Steve know she’s just doing her job when she talks about them like they’re assets. With it being Steve’s last season, and Tony’s heroic comeback, it’s going to be a very Avengers’ focused season in the Triple-A, which is exactly what they want.
The first pitch is always one of the hardest. Top of the batting order starts with the leadoff hitter for the other team: a player with a high on-base percentage who’s fast and knows how to steal a base. A strong starter to ensure at least someone is on base once the power hitters step up to the plate. He’s batting lefty, Tony sticking with a right-handed pitch for now.
She shrugs and waves over at the computer room. "Take all the time you want, I like to be slow closing so I actually have an excuse when I'm late to dinner."
And gets tagged out. Outcry rises up from the stands as the ref blows the whistle for their third and final out in the ninth inning, the Avengers losing 6-4. Steve’s hands go up to his hair in frustration, pulling at the roots as he watches his teammates walk off the field. It’s not so much the loss that has his frustration rising, but the fact that, yet again, Tony decided to go against his direction in some wild card attempt at a last-second win.
“Impressive, huh?” Howard finally speaks, grinning himself as he looks around the room. He points at a plaque hanging behind them, above the entrance doors. “
Carol is the type of woman to not hide how she truly feels about much of anything. She’s gone to such great lengths to make sure Tony feels safe since his coming out that it would be hard to imagine she was only doing it out of professional courtesy to her player. Pierce certainly hasn’t hidden his opinion on the matter.
still applies to you, Captain,” Natasha sings, but still turns to give him her attention, expression indifferent. “It’s not like you to get all upset over not starting.”
It didn’t take too long for Tony to return to his old habits, Steve just starting to crest the stage of
of this. Somehow all the resentment and rivalry between them from the very moment they shared the same field was just… gone. Gone and replaced with something else.
Tony collapses back onto the grass, closing his eyes. “Probably not,” he admits. “It’s too quiet. I would miss the city too much.”
The Pacific Coast League win. Tony is happy with the outcome, of course, but there’s still a narrow-minded thought that runs through his head that is angry they had continued to do so well after he had left. The final score is 7-3, a highlight reel of the game playing on the screen. Tony only turns it off mute when he sees his own form sprinting to third base, cross-fading into his slide home.
They sit in silence for a few minutes, not having exchanged a word by the time Miss Sun comes back with their drinks. Tony pours tea into his cup, absently running a finger around the rim of it without taking a sip or looking up at Steve.
They’ve explored this side of Steve’s slowly developing sexuality only slightly in the past few months. Because of more traditional presumptions about sex and relationships, Steve figured from experience that he would be the one “
“When am I not?” He can hear Bucky’s grin. “Thanks for letting me know about dinner. You said you were with a friend, right? One of your players I assume?”
Natasha chuckles. “I guess it’s more Laura’s than his considering he’s not really home to maintain it, but yeah, he does. And they always cook a monstrous amount for dinner, way too much for three adults, two kids, and a baby to eat. We’d love to have you.”
Chen is a blur as he breaks for home, dirt kicked up behind him as he races against the ball fired from the shortstop’s hand. It’s close, impossibly close, but from where the team is standing, it’s clear that Chen makes it a nanosecond before the catcher receives the ball.
His knocking at Tony’s door doesn’t receive a response at first, and Steve is worried that between the phone call and now Tony had somehow jetted off somewhere. His irrational fear is eventually qualmed when he hears some movement in the apartment after a few minutes.
Natasha dismisses them to the showers but calls Tony over to talk to him privately. Steve lingers in the locker room for a while longer, clearing out some things from his locker, shuffling around clothes in his duffel bag, really just killing time. He waits until most of the team finishes up and leaves before he grabs a towel and heads to the showers, glancing over his shoulder to see that Natasha is still chatting with Tony, seemingly amiable in their discussion.
Tony plays the entire game as shortstop. He’s predictably incredible throughout all nine innings, providing assists when needed and not letting a single ball get away from him. Steve can’t even be angry about the holier-than-thou looks Tony keeps throwing his way with how well the game goes. They win by a wide margin, the final score coming out 8-2.
“Do you…” Tony starts, biting on his lip for a moment. Steve is just looking at him, so earnestly that it makes him want to crawl out of his skin because he doesn’t deserve that courtesy. This open and honest communication thing really isn’t his speed. “Do you not want me to stay here in New York with you?”
“Heck of a drive,” He says, taking a sip from his glass of what appears to be just plain water. He sets it down definitively on the bar, wiping his mouth off on the back of his hand before standing. “Come on, I’m taking you home. It’s late. Steve’s probably worried sick by now.”
“Nothing,” Steve says reflexively, brow knit in confusion. “You were a little hard on him, don’t you think? I don’t think yelling at him is going to do much.”
Janet sighs and rubs her temple, clearly trying not to lose her temper in front of the visitors. If they were alone, she would’ve snapped at Tony by now. “Your transfer to our team was under very
When he returns to the living room, steaming mugs in hand, Tony is sitting up and luckily not covered in his own vomit. Steve sits down next to him and can barely set the cups on his table before Tony is straddling his lap and pressing him back into the couch. They trade languid kisses, Steve leaning back and letting Tony lick into his mouth, his large hands sliding up under Tony’s shirt to feel the warmth of his bare skin. Tony is the first to break away from the kiss, cupping Steve’s face between his hands. He’s still got a bit of icing stuck in his hair from when Natasha had mashed a piece of his own cake into his face, Steve reaching up to pluck it out.
” Steve’s elbow suddenly comes out of nowhere, catching the pitcher right in the jaw. Hammer drops like a stone, his teammates so surprised that they let his dead weight slip right out of their hold.
They wake up before the rest of the house the following day, Steve following the sound of a serene piano song filtering from downstairs. He expects to find Maria or possibly Howard sitting in the lounge, listening to some track on the radio, but is shocked when he rounds a corner to see Tony sitting at the grand piano. He’s faced away from the entrance Steve came through, his posture disciplined as he plays. It’s a slow and melancholy tune, the tempo taking liberations as Tony’s unpracticed fingers make the occasional misstep. It still sounds beautiful, even in its simplicity, and Steve feels wrong intruding on this moment. He quietly leaves the lounge, backing up until he’s standing at the bottom of the main stairs. When the song tapers off into Tony just fiddling around on the keys, playing a hint of the melody from before, Steve calls out. “Tony?”
“Not a huge feat,” Carol snorts, Tony thumping her behind the ear as he takes his seat behind her and Maria, plopping down next to Steve. Monica stays happily seated in his lap.
Steve isn't quite sure Tony's even talking to him at this point as he rolls his chair over to a stack of papers, sifting through until he finds what he's looking for. He returns to the drone and pulls a pencil from behind his ear as he starts writing down formulas that Steve can't even begin to comprehend. "Then there's the matter of noise... I might be able to quiet the engine since the entire point would be inconspicuous... the size is already a big 'X' in that zone, but hopefully at night it can get away with being less than obvious until I can design some kind of cloaking mechanism."
in circles. “Parents always have an idea of what they want their kid to grow up to be. Maybe Howard wanted you to be more like him.”
"And if that doesn't work, well, I have a little something special in my purse that I can slip into his drink to make him talk... I better go. He's probably wondering where I am."
“Hey,” Bucky grips his shoulder, giving him a little shake. “What’s say we get out of here? You’re not looking like you’re in the mood to celebrate.”
Steve follows about half the team onto the bus, scanning over the seats. Tony is sitting towards the back in a row by himself, sweatshirt hood pulled up over his head resting against the window. There isn’t much conversation going on in the bus, most of the players continuing the nap they had taken on the plane back to the East Coast. Steve makes his way down the aisle, tossing his bag in the empty row parallel to Tony before he plops down in the seat next to him.
For once Steve doesn’t mind the deflection, even if it brings up sorrowful memories. It felt like so long ago that it happened, Steve almost can’t remember all the details, trying to pick apart the haze of his memory. “I did… Have you not cried at all?”
Steve tries not to feel sad about it, tromping down the street after Tony. Each step sinks in to their shins, one misstep on Tony’s part sending him sinking into a snow drift up to his waist. Steve almost starts crying with laughter as he tries to help pull Tony out of it, the two of them inevitably sinking in further as if it’s quicksand. They eventually get out of it, collapsing onto their backs into the snow to recover. Steve turns his head to look at Tony who’s starfished on the ground next to him, eyes shut and a huge grin on his face as he catches his breath.
Tony doesn’t really have a response to that. He had been so caught up with the argument in the heat of the moment that he can’t remember exactly what was said, the alcohol making some of the details a bit harder to grasp. He had selective hearing for the words Steve’s said that
Steve smiles bashfully, fiddling with his already laced shoes. “I just didn’t want him to think it was too childish.” He knows the kinds of parties Tony is used to throwing and attending: big fancy galas and dinner parties. He had his doubts that Tony would like this at all, but he’s already grinning like a madman as he looks over all the bowling balls, weighing them in his hands and practicing his wind up.
“Thanks,” Tony croaks before taking a pull from the bottle. They drink in companionable silence for a few minutes, listening to the crackling of the fire, the city quiet beyond Tony’s floor-to-ceiling blackout curtains. Tony eventually speaks again. “Now what are you really doing here?”
He just has to stick it out for a few more months. While he’ll still have to regularly train and check in with Carol during the off season, he’ll at least get a couple of months of peace and quiet with Steve, closing the distance between them before the next season begins and separates them once more. Selfishly enough, he’d rather them not go to the World Series just so he gets an additional few weeks with his boyfriend.
Bucky is still glaring at the wall, but he eventually takes a deep breath and starts to rotate his arm. Dr. Erskine is holding it gingerly at the wrist and elbow, keeping it as straight as it can currently bend as he twists his forearm slowly, back and forth. Steve can see his arm is shaking, but he gets through all five rotations before Erskine allows him to put the brace back on. “See? You’re almost up to a full ninety degrees. Isn’t that good, Steve?”
He and Steve still butt heads constantly, but they’ve both began to admit to each other that maybe the other’s methods of how to play baseball aren’t entirely unfounded. Tony follows the advice of his Captain, and Steve lets Tony have input when it comes to strategic accuracy in the game. His scientific methods never fail him, and now it’s just a matter of getting the rest of the team to look at it the way he does so he can underlyingly continue to mold them into a team that can beat his old club.
Once individual questioning starts, most of them are aimed towards Dugan as he's the new Captain of the team. Steve misses Isaiah, but Dugan was always there, a supportive right hand man. There was no surprise when Dugan was announced as the Stars' new captain, a legacy he proudly took on.
Nonplussed by the predicament he had put himself in, Tony carefully eases himself off the bed as not to wake up his sleeping Captain, and tiptoes his way over to his own bed. He slips under the covers, yanking them up to his chin. He ignores the hot feeling of shame that runs through him for his carelessness and does his best to fall back asleep to get at least another hour of shut-eye. He’s not quite sure how successful he is, hanging in that sort of limbo state of semi-consciousness where it seems that within one blink it’s suddenly much brighter in the room, and Steve’s alarm is going off on the bedside table between them.
Steve is covering his mouth, Tony able to see the edge of one dimple as he tries to hide a smile away from everyone else. At this time last year, Tony was so unsure of where they stood, or what he was getting himself into. Now, he feels the same way about where their relationship will go from here, but seeing the way Steve looks at him— Like no one else in the room is even there— he’s not so worried anymore.
The house isn’t extravagantly large by any means, big enough for the two of them to be comfortable and host small to large groups of friends without anything getting out of hand. Tony had a wall knocked out upstairs to expand the master bedroom, leaving two more guest bedrooms up on the second floor. They painted the walls together, shopped for furniture and hung pictures together-- argued over where said furniture would sit and said pictures would hang. The house is mostly filled with Steve’s photographs, whether they’re blown up to large sized prints, polaroids collaged together, or single photos framed and sitting on any available surface. It’s a home full of memories, Tony’s penchant for bland and trendy minimalist decoration long forgotten and replaced with something much warmer.
Tony pauses, wondering if he should just drop it and pretend he’s fallen asleep. “You decking Hammer like that was pretty badass,” he eventually blurts out.
Steve hears the blaring music before he even reaches the garage. He walks into the back entrance, not seeing Tony at first through all the mess. Despite the fact that it's a garage, there's not many cars in the large, open space. There's a fridge in one corner and a huge desk spanning across one wall. The storage cabinets in the room are all open and look like a tornado has blown through, blueprints and tools strewn everywhere. The floor is a minefield of scrap metal, Steve taking care not to trip on anything as he makes his way further into the garage.
No one else at the table seems to hear Tony’s comment before the servers are coming back out with soups and salads to choose from, as well as a large pool of melted cheese and slices of perfectly toasted bread. Tony takes a ladle and fills his soup bowl with the cheese mix, and then loads his salad plate up with the bread.
"Goodness, Tony, you drive like such a maniac. You're going to kill yourself one of these days," Steve can hear Peggy saying as the two walk to the doors. Tony holds the door open for the woman before letting it swing shut right as Steve walks up. He rolls his eyes at the childish act, wrenching the door open himself.
. There’s a difference.” Steve is turning forty-two this year. A majority of players don't even stick around for that long, so it was a well-expected announcement for quite some time now.
, to his defense). They’re the last players to arrive, Janet shooting a dirty but knowing look their way as they take their seats next to her and Thor. She reaches over and catches the stem of Tony’s sunglasses on one finger, pulling them away from his face to examine his bloodshot eyes and dark circles. Neither of them exchange words, but Tony can sense the disapproval radiating from her as she shoves them back up onto his nose and sits back in her chair. She’d rake him over the coals for it later, but at least he actually made it.
The previous inning was another high scoring round, their scores skyrocketing from Irons: 9 - Avengers: 6, to Irons: 10 - Avengers: 11, New York taking the lead once more. Even if Tony escapes this game without any kind of spinal or arm injury, he’s certainly going to be suffering from whiplash along with all the spectators.
Bucky snorts. “Easy for you to say. It’s not exactly like he’s all sunshine and rainbows about where I’m gonna come out when everything’s said and done.”
When he wakes up the next morning, head still bogged down with sleep, he can see a blonde figure seated in the chair by his bedside, flipping through a magazine. “I thought I told you to go home and sleep,” he says around a yawn.
There’s a soft click behind him, Steve jerks out of his reverie to see the door closed behind him. He grips the handle and turns, the knob not budging an inch. “Natasha!” he calls, pounding his fist against the door as he jiggles the handle again in vain. “What are you doing?”
“He showed up at the stadium this morning,” Natasha explains evenly, clearly not put off by Steve’s huffing and puffing when it came to Tony at this point. “I was just as surprised as you. He came in insisting he could pitch today but I told him no, and that he could watch from the private box if he wanted to support the team. Leave it to him to want a more dramatic entrance than that. Now get on the field, you’re making everyone wait.”
The funeral is small and private, but of course the media ignores those boundaries and manages to snap a few pictures outside the graveyard. Steve snatches a magazine up off the newsstand outside his apartment when he catches a glimpse of Tony on the cover. He’s wearing a completely black suit and is being ushered into the back of a car outside of a cemetery, sunglasses shrouding his eyes. Steve recognizes the church in the background as one in New York, but a quick glance through the poorly written article informs him that he just came back to the city to bury his parents, and was immediately taken back to the airport to return to California.
Something flickers in her gaze, a discomfort that doesn’t ease any of his reservations in that moment as his mind starts to draw conclusions he hopes aren’t true. “Why don’t you have a seat, Tony.” She requests softly.
Once it feels like Tony won’t totally fall apart if he’s released, Steve gently pries himself free of Tony’s hold, still holding his arms and rubbing over them for a moment to make sure he felt like an appropriate human temperature. “We need to get you out of those clothes.”
Another hour passes before Tony begins to stir, the blanket falling to the floor as he stretches his legs out and drags himself into a sitting position. His hair is matted on one side, a bit of dried drool on the corner of his mouth that he wipes off on his sleeve. Even then, Steve can’t help but think he looks terribly attractive.
Tony and Steve laugh together, tangled up as they roll around in the snow until they’re both dripping wet and shivering. After coming nose to nose, they share a private smile between them before breaking apart, Tony immediately getting nailed in the back of the head by a snowball. He whirls around in fake anger pointing accusationally at the group of giggling children. “Alright, which one of you little buggers threw that?!” He scrambles off of Steve to immediately start chasing them down, a child-like glee on his face.
“But I am!” Tony says, exasperated. “I’m sorry, Steve. You know I don’t mean it like you’re stupid. But I do have more experience than this than you do. Both with public perception, and with harboring this fucking secret. You didn’t even realize you were gay until we met— and trust me, I’m glad you did, it’s been great for me— but just trust that I know what’s best for this situation, and you coming out and us exposing our relationship will tank
Steve isn’t feeling very grateful either. He’s angry. Furious. But he’s also too exhausted to deal with those emotions right now, compartmentalizing them for later when he has the energy to lash out at the world for being so cruel. He just needs to see Tony wake up.
He’s bounced around between teams since he started, but has been playing the longest for the Knights for the past four seasons. The Captain position is definitely just a figurehead status symbol in the Majors, most teams phasing it out completely. Ty was given the title last season but doesn’t do much in regards to assisting their coach or working with players one-on-one. Since Tony arrived in D.C. for early Spring training, his old childhood friend had of course taken a natural shine to him. He’s been showing up at Tony’s apartment six days out of the week at the ass crack of dawn so they can run or bike the 5-mile distance to the stadium, and half the time follows him home to continue the harassment. He’s a total geek for fitness and form, living off of protein powders and preaching the health benefits of multivitamins and yoga if Tony would just give them a chance...
Steve glances up at Tony parents, his fork stilling on the plate. Howard continues to eat while Maria sighs and shakes her head. "You'll have to excuse him, Steve."
He doesn’t even blink as he makes contact with Rogers’ base, flying towards second immediately. There’s already an uproar of cheers as Miller goes for home plate. Tony chances a glance to the left fielder who only has a split-second to decide who he’s going to try and get out. The choice is obvious. The Pacifics are down with two strikes, and Tony appears to be slowing to a stop at second. Between him, and the guy going for their
Randomly being called by the Team Manager for a meeting during the off-season can mean a million things. Janet doesn’t specify why she wants to speak with Tony, just leaves him a message during his and Steve’s morning run that she needs to speak with him in her office whenever he has the chance to swing by. Not giving him a definitive time frame he’s supposed to show up at may be the most suspicious part of all of this. Normally she’ll at least lie to him so that when he shows up late he might unknowingly be turning up right on time.
Howard takes a deep breath before replying. “Well, if anyone could shape up that problem child, it’s you,” The man smiles, but it looks forced.
"Speaking of the Irons, how is Tony doing?" Peggy asks, taking a sip of her own glass. "Does he ever plan on gracing the field with his presence?"
Numb, Steve backs out of the room, the bedroom door slamming behind him. He hears the crunch of the broken lock beneath his shoe as he exits, pulling the door shut behind him. He hears a dull crash come from the suite, either a lamp or a vase smashing against the floor.
“We did test his blood alcohol content when he came in. He was at a .23%, so, yes, he was fairly intoxicated.”
They end up losing the game against Dallas, but it’s only their second loss during all of Spring Training. The team all crowds around Victor’s portable radio at the airport later that night to hear how the standings are and where the predictions for the coming seasons lie. There are still a handful of exhibition games to be had for other teams, but the Avengers have already proved that this season they aren’t a team to be trifled with.
They’re up 3-0 by the fourth inning when there is a sudden whistle blown, right as Tony is in his wind-up. He falters, still releasing the ball which goes off kilter, bouncing off the batter’s helmet. Steve is puzzled as Natasha runs out onto the field, waving over one of the refs. She’s holding her clipboard up to block her face from any cameras. Several minutes of halted play pass. The stadium is restlessly quiet, their outfielders moving closer to call to the infield for some kind of explanation as to what’s going on. Steve gives a shrug, glancing between Quill on second and Clint on third only to earn equally clueless looks.
kick his ass as soon as we’re back in Manhattan,” Janet grumbles under her breath, checking her pager. “I can’t believe he just ran off like that—y’know what, actually, I can,” she sighs, pinching the bridge of her nose.
“Start the car for me, I’ll be right back,” Steve presses his car keys into Bucky’s hand before breaking off into a jog, passing right by the exit doors of the stadium.
As usual, Steve is one of the first players to show up, discussing the line-up with Natasha as the rest of the team trickles in and begins their warm ups before the start of the game. Investors are filling their boxes, spectators are eagerly getting to their seats, and sure enough, the last player on their team finally wanders into the locker room.
Tony runs a hand through his hair, slicking back the stray fringe from his forehead. “Don’t blame me for the plumbing going out at the stadium, I told you guys Rochester is a shithole. And if you had a private bathroom you’d take just as long as I did.”
for my taste. Too old school. That might’ve worked for people like you and Buckle back in the day, but I can’t be playing for a team that’s going to cramp my style.”
He has no idea what he’s supposed to say to her. She’s not exactly the sentimental type, and Tony is far from being a poster child for open and honest communication.
“Hey!” Another familiar voice booms from the entryway. “You four chucklefucks wanna tell me what you’re doing dicking around and not getting on the bus?”
It’s obvious they dote on their daughter and are proud of her accomplishments and the obstacles she’s overcome thus far, but are fast and loose with teasing and quick-witted jibes at her expense.
“Okay, now that I’ve got the diplomatic stuff out of the way,” she grasps Steve’s hands in hers. “Tell me
Steve lets Tony argue the semantics and relativity of time as a concept all the way to the bedroom where he passes out as soon as his head hits the pillow. Steve crawls into bed behind him, wrapping an arm protectively around his middle despite the fact that he knows he won’t be disappearing in the night. No longer carrying a heart laden with worries of feelings not being reciprocated, it’s one of the most sound sleeps of his life.
He can tell the IV in his arm is pumping him full of some kind of numbing drug, the anesthetics present but wearing off. He looks down at himself to examine his condition. There’s a bit of soreness around his body, but the medicine prevents his brain to process which points exactly the pain is coming from. The annoying oxygen mask is no longer covering his face, and he takes a few deep breaths to test the waters. His ribs definitely ache with each inhale but he doesn’t feel either of his lungs bursting from the effort, so that at least is a good sign. His left hand is in a firm brace that makes it impossible to do much beyond wiggle his very fingertips, the binding going all the way up to his elbow. His useable hand is bandaged enough to keep him from using his joints to their full mobility, but he’s able to at least feel around with it. Gingerly, he presses around his chest, wincing when he feels what are definitely a few broken ribs. He touches his face next, feeling a bit of retreating swelling along one eyebrow, a busted lip, and a bandage into his hairline over his left ear.
"I can't believe it. I feel like the last time I saw him I was still putting band-aids on his scraped up knees. I always thought he'd make a good ball player."
. Steve knows his mouth is open as he pours over the list, wondering why in the hell Tony is wasting time playing in the minors with numbers like these, his family name be damned. He’s never given a player a walk (four failed pitches, allowing the batter to advance to first base), has extremely low hits allowed, has won every game he pitched in for five or more innings, records almost no wild pitches, and is constantly a starting or relief pitcher, meaning he either leads the team from the start or comes in when he’s needed most.
Happy pulls up to the stadium doors where the entire team is already gathered, sitting on benches chatting to each other. Tony can see Howard and Obadiah talking off to the side as the last of the reporters get settled in, photographers pushing their way to the front of the roped off section so they canget the best shot of whoever is going to be chosen to play in the All-Star Game.
Tony huffs, turning his face into Steve’s hand to kiss his palm. “There’s no one even close, Steve.”
Tony is actually taken by surprise this time at the bald-headed figure he sees silhouetted from the outside light. “Obie?” He asks, eyebrows drawn together in confusion.
“Oh, nothing. Just remembering something you said about being a shit mentor is all,” he hums, still smiling as he comes to sit on the edge of Tony’s bed so he can help him fill in that day’s New York Times crossword.
Howard just grunts and cuts into his steak, apparently not even interested enough to ask. Tony has slumped down in his chair, swirling the same piece of crab in the dipping sauce in even little circles.
“At least you admit it,” he sighs before gratefully tucking in. If Steve knows him at all, he’s taking this opportunity to run to the McDonald’s across the street to try and sneak in a terrible, non-healthy burger.
Anger flares up inside of him suddenly at being treated by a child by a man he just met. He twists around in his barstool, careful to keep his voice down. “Why should I go anywhere with you?”
it was dangerous, but nothing bad happened so it’s fine. Instead he just swallows and nods. Tomorrow he’ll worry about sending someone for the car without Steve finding out exactly what happened. He doesn’t tell him about Bucky and their conversation, hoping that they have a mutual understanding that Steve doesn’t need to know about their happening across one another.
Tony’s throat tightens unexpectedly. “Yes, sir,” he croaks as the man walks back into the stadium, probably going back to the best box in the house to watch the game unfold.
"Some people aren't seeing it as disrespectful, though. People have gotten used to Howard Stark's new way of looking at baseball—"
He can tell Steve is taken by surprise by it all, but quickly catches on to what Tony had done. They only have a few seconds, but Tony pours as much love and passion as he can into those stolen moments in the darkness. He slides his hands into Steve’s hair, feeling the man’s tongue slide against his own. He wants to let himself get lost in the moment, to jump up into Steve’s arms and be swung around and forget that in a few short weeks he’ll be leaving for an undetermined amount of time. He won’t get to come home to this embrace every day, or wake up to this smell, or feel these lips against his own.
They spend the rest of the day testing boundaries as they busy themselves around the apartment. They trade casual touches and longing glances as they prepare more leftovers in the kitchen, sit in the loft together while Tony works and Steve finds some blank paper to sketch on. They end up sitting next together on the couch to watch some movies as the evening winds on, experimentally getting closer to each other until they’re doing what is unmistakably
“With all do respect, sir,” Steve very carefully takes Howard’s hand and peels it off his shoulder. “Tony is a part of my team now. I’ll treat him whichever way I see fit, seeing as it’s my job.” He’s surprised he’s able to keep so cool in basically telling a man’s own father that he holds no claim to a son he neglected to raise.
“We don’t need to disclose his identity to the public,” he clarifies. “But if we’re going to help defuse this bomb, Hill and I need to know.”
Hammer grins cruelly as he saunters back to third, looking relaxed while Steve looks ready to implode if he doesn’t unclench soon. “Hey,” Tony says softly to get his attention, squeezing his arm one more time before dropping it away, conscious of the attention on them and Hammer still watching. He keeps his teeth clenched, lips barely moving so his words are hidden. “Next one’s coming right to you. Be ready.”
“What happened?” Peggy asks behind her hand, mouth covered in horror as she looks at her broken nephew lying before her.
He dejectedly leaves the building, the media now scattered down the street but still lying in wait. Steve shoves past the group of them that resurge to try and get some kind of quote, squinting through the rain as he jogs back to his car to escape them.
Steve digs around in his hallway closet until he procures a basic tool bag, bringing it out for Tony’s inspection. He pokes around inside for a moment and makes a nonpartisan noise before sitting down cross legged by the TV and unplugging his tape player to drag it out onto the floor in front of him. He purses his lips and looks at the separate device Steve had specifically to rewind the tapes and he yanks that over as well.
about the place he’s living. According to his logic, Tony’s already going into this deal with his feet dragging trenches in the earth, so they need to add in as many positive factors as possible. A healthy space motivates a healthy mind, or some shit.
Steve shuts off his shower and turns to see Tony is staring at him, one dark eyebrow quirking upwards in a challenge. He leans casually against the linoleum wall, practically
Steve figures that’s his cue to return to his side of the ensemble, and sure enough as he walks down the hallway towards the Groomsmen’s room, they’re all filing out of it and heading towards the greenhouse. Bucky grins at him and jerks his chin.
Ty doesn’t have a response for that. Coldness takes over his features, easily dropping the facade of innocence.
“Are you serious?!” Tony outbursts, hearing a few snickers from behind him. He doesn’t care what the other players think of him right now. “I get an out, two out assists, steal a base, and score a run within the first two innings and you want to take me
Tony doesn’t remember if they make it to the Craps table at all, the rest of the night turning into an indistinct blur once they leave victorious from Roulette. He can almost recall Lana’s voice asking if he’s okay, Steve’s hands locked around his upper arms, a weightlessness with dangling legs and a warm mass pressed against his front, the sound of running water.
That actually gets a laugh from the young millionaire. "Regular engineer shit gets boring. Gotta branch out every now and again." He finishes off his sandwich and leans back in his chair, shuffling his feet against the ground.
Tony looks up at Steve from where he’s sitting on a bench in the locker room, bent over to tie his cleats. He’s got a sour look on his face, brow furrowed and nose wrinkled as if Steve is a particularly smelly jockstrap he just discovered in the bottom of his bag. Steve thinks that he could at least
It’s an overcast day, but the clouds are fluffy and light with no promise of rain. Steve and Bucky are both starting, heading to their designated spots since the visiting team would be batting first.
They’re finally at the point where the rest of the team will now be joining them for practices, all of which Tony has yet to meet. He has no disillusions that this will be anything like the Avengers, but even if the Knights don’t become like a second family to them, he hopes they won’t be as cold as the Irons had felt.
