"I have not yet documented a hug," Vision agreed, and Emma lit up. Immediately, she embraced Vision in a hug, squishing her face against their chest.
"But it's not done!" Peter said stubbornly, reaching out for the frosting can in Bucky's metal arm. Bucky held it further away from him.
Bucky took a deep breath. He wasn't really a neatfreak, but this was the lazy kind of mess Clint had at his place, and it
"Alright, hey, hey, Bruce, let's get you up," Clint murmured, his voice soothing and calm as he gently took hold of Bruce's naked shoulders and helped him into a sitting position next to Emma instead of half on top of her. It was first then, it seemed that Bruce even realized the other man was there.
"Right, because they don't understand them. Because they're babies. What you guys made isn't a baby. Vision is intelligent enough to understand basic human contact and, like, how society is built, and gender identities. Which means they can make their own informed decision what they identify as before you push anything onto them," Emma explained patiently. "It wouldn't be fair to just pin 'dude' on them and then, since they don't know anything else than being called 'dude', assume that that's what they identify as. That'd be like someone pinning me for a guy and telling me I'm a guy when I feel like a girl. You with me here?"
"But you like kids. We can adopt, if we ever get the itch. Foster kids need homes," she said softly.
"AJ is sorta cute, y'know? I guess Peter's made me pretty amenable to kids, and Emma too. Maybe one day I'll be able to... To go through that. Either way, I can't have kids."
She snuck through the vents this time, to make sure she wouldn't encounter Pietro. She hadn't said anything mean to him, he'd just taken offense to her saying he might want to get a haircut or a headband or else his hair was going to get in the way of his crime-fighting.
"That's good, that's good. Bruce is a little shaken up, but I think he got some sleep, at least. How did Nat do? I know she can have a hard time with it when someone's injured," he questioned.
"You said that Vision being any more human-like would creep you out, if I may remind you," Helen hissed, skimming through Tony's open tabs without difficulty to get back to Vision's brainwaves. They were going back to normal.
doing up so late?" he teased as he turned back to his screens again, tossing a screwdriver onto the tabletop.
"So not everything's on him. It's the benefits of having a team: you get to divide responsibility, most of the time."
"Jesus!" Helen exclaimed, and Clint was on his feet in a second, right behind her and ready to back her up if push came to shove. He didn't like attacking teammates, and especially not
It was a cute drawing, with a kid with brown hair and glasses holding hands with a man in black with brown hair to his shoulders, and the kid was holding his metal arm, that was of obviously colored silver. There was a squiggly line at the top of the paper. The childish handwriting above the two figures declared that it was definitely Peter and Bucky holding hands with the sun in one corner and flowers on the ground next to them. How did Peter even know how to write? Must be a genetic thing to be super smart even at the tender age of four and a half.
No matter how big steps she took, she was still a pretty tiny person, with tiny legs in comparison to the Hulk. She felt him coming up closer behind her, and realized it was a lost battle, trying to run away from him, so instead she turned around, skidding on the ground and slamming her elbows straight into the fake wood to slow her acceleration and make him run right over her and away. Emma hadn't really thought he would figure her scheme out, hadn't attributed him that brain-power, but that was stupid, just stupid, underestimating someone like that. When she thought he would just barrel past her, he instead used all of the force he'd been running with to pin her to the floor.
"It was huge! And it has a helicopter I'm pretty sure. Don't know if they still sell it though." Her eyes scanned the shelves further. "Holy crap, is that an Avengers Lego set?" Emma squealed, and Damian raised an eyebrow at her.
"I'm fine, Pete," Bucky told him seriously, and Peter looked unsure, and that just broke Bucky's fucking heart. He imagined how many times Peter had been sat at one of his fathers hospital beds and heard the same reply. How many times had Steve and Tony lied to protect him from the harsh truth? There had been times during Peter's existence where they'd both suffered close calls, and fell ill and nearly died. He could understand how sick and tired Peter must be of that answer. "Not sick. Aunt Darcy is being a flirt. Like how your dada calls your papa hot."
Bucky watched him out of the corner of his eye constantly, and Tony had trouble with keeping his hands off Vision for a full four hours after his 'birth', leading to Emma explaining personal space to Vision and telling him that he had all the right in the world to tell Tony off if he didn't want to be poked all the time.
Wanda had decided she wanted a drivers license, which meant she needed a licensed driver to teach her. Seeing as Steve was a maniac behind the wheel and not actually licensed by anyone, Tony regularly crashed cars, Bruce was too easy to scare into a Hulk, and Natasha didn't actually have a drivers license in her own name, Darcy and Clint were assigned as her tutors. She'd caught up quick and managed to get her license on the first try, which was why she was now always looking for a reason to go somewhere with one of Tony's fancy cars.
"Papa?" came Peter's happy gasp, and a light was turned on. Steve, shirtless and in a bed, smiled at them from the other side.
"While that's cool and smart and all, I'm actually not allowed to hand over my hearing-aids to anyone who isn't Tony," Clint said with a shrug. "And honestly, I don't want to step out of his good graces by handing his tech over to SHIELD. I'll ask him about getting a pair with recorders for me, though. That way everyone gets what they want."
Hulk's eyes widened just as she grinned at him victoriously, and slammed her hands down again forcefully.
Weird, since it was almost two am when he finally gave in. Bucky took a scalding shower before dumping himself into the guest bed and falling asleep.
"It's wine-red," she said out loud before hopping onto Tony's workbench instead, now that Hank was terrified in her chair.
She pulled her purple helmet over her head, and wrapped her arms around his waist. Bucky kicked the bike into gear, and they roared out of the parking lot. The bike still worked wonderfully, and Emma was sort of ridiculously proud of both it and Bucky.
can I go see Damian and Layla?" Emma whined as Victoria slipped from her lap and disappeared into the kitchen to eat, probably. Helen followed her with another yawn, almost certainly heading for the coffeemaker.
"Even better than Aunt Tasha?" Bucky asked, surprised out of his mind. Seriously? Peter gave him a solemn nod. Wow. That made him feel a little warm on the inside. Peter treasured his Aunt a shit-ton. "Huh. I like you too, kiddo."
"Honestly, I'm- I'm just. Wow. I've outdone myself this time. This is..." Tony cut himself off, seemed to have trouble completing a whole sentence, and shot off a blinding, real grin. "Wow. Call Pym, Cho, and Bruce, Jarvis. How're we holding up?"
"You had a mission for us?" she asked, and Coulson nodded, laying the file on the table between them.
"I'm sorry, Vis. We just want to keep you safe, for now," Tony hurried to soothe. Helen nudged their head a little to the left, and plugged in a cord into their neck. Vision looked a little uncomfortable, but Hank and Helen weren't paying attention.
"Please dear god, take Bucky running. He goddamn needs it," Darcy exclaimed, forcing herself upright from where she'd been leaning on Thor. "He's going to be restless all day otherwise. Take him, I
"She was really mad. Bu' she was mad at Uncle Clint, an' not me," he said and used his free hand to curl into the fabric of Bucky's t-shirt.
"Wow. We outdid ourselves with this one," Bruce said after about an hour of smaller tests, when Emma had been put back down on the couch again, and Vision was sitting with her. "How did the initiation protocols go? What are you missing?"
with you?" Bucky said and cuffed him over the back of the head, which Natasha gave him a squinty look for.
"I'm sure. I don't think Emma's gonna accept any apology though, because she doesn't think there's anything to apologize for, but y'know, he can always try," Clint sighed.
He dutifully texted Steve, telling him that Peter was asleep, and texted Natasha that both of them were alive, and then he went to twist and turn in his bed until it was time for Peter to wake up.
"Play with me?" Peter probably intended for it to be a demand rather than a question, but he was too nice of a kid to actually demand something. Bucky was going to say no, but then Peter's eyes widened in childish innocence, and his doe eyes were so impressive he just had to give.
"Love you too, dad!" she called, and Clint got a wave from Wanda and a big grin from Pietro before the doors closed behind them and they disappeared.
"How mad was she?" he asked, amused, because letting a kid play with a bow an arrow felt like something Barton would do and something that would unsettle Natasha. Peter was a careful kid, sure, but he was still just a kid.
"What? Dude, c'mon. I always need the excercise," she said happily, walking over to the elevator with notes in hand.
, and suddenly you were being told by a SHIELD shrink with a nasal voice that you should start having regular appointments again.
"Oh really?" she grinned at him, their eyes meeting over her shoulder. He stroked a thumb over her jawline with the metal hand, the light touch making her shiver again.
The moment the doors closed, the tension in the room evaporated, and Natasha turned to look back at them.
"Yeah, see, not so much on you. Just the healing part," Clint pointed out as the doors closed, and Pietro's foot began tapping rapidly against the floor.
"Wha'?" was the most coherent mumble they could hear, and then there was a chuckle in the background. The screen was illuminated by a dim blue light, and Bucky heard shifting under sheets.
The twins were very affectionate, but mostly just with each other. Occasionally, Clint was given tokens of affection, a flower Pietro had found when he'd ran out to the country, or a squeeze of a shoulder from Wanda. Pietro would hug Emma whenever she asked him to, but Wanda refrained. However, she had indeed expressed her interest in getting a G.E.D. and getting some sort of college-experience, which Clint was a traditionally proud-dad about. In Natasha's opinion, she'd been watching too many college-movies with Emma, but whatever motivated her was good.
"Hard to sleep when you wake up in middle of night to get bandages, but yes, after that I was okay. And you?"
"Don't die, call if you need me," she tossed back as she dragged a confused Clint into the elevator, who gave him a slight wave before the doors closed and there was silence again. Bucky picked his book back up and read until he heard a soft cry from the living room.
Bucky moved past Vision to press a brief kiss to Darcy's forehead, only to be grabbed and kissed properly on the lips.
"Wow!" Emma gaped from where she was standing in the still-rings. "That's so cool!" Tony grinned at her.
Slowly, Bucky dragged it into his reach, and the kid giggled again as he slapped that one on his arm too. When Bucky had four magnets on his arm and the drawing was up on the fridge, he poured the pasta water into a collander and served the dinner to his enthusiastic audience.
"I agree. I trust the majority of Tony's creations, I trust Bruce's belief that this robot isn't entirely violent, I trust Helen's understanding of science, and I trust Pym's assessment that the robot works. That's all. And, if the robot acts out of turn, we'll be able to deal with it," Natasha stated.
Clint nudged Natasha's leg underneath the desk they were seated at, and she looked up at him suspiciously. He grinned at her.
." She yelled the last bit to the right, her eyes narrowed. There was a muffled reply, and Darcy rolled her eyes. "Since Jane is unavailable, and I've called Bruce a gazillion times, I thought I'd try the tower."
"Oh, wait, the Peg with the lipstick?" Emma asked, and Bucky nodded. The elevator doors slid open, and Tony stepped out, grease in his hair and his palm wrapped in gauze. Sam stepped out too, lugging his Falcon gear with him. He dropped the backpack onto the ground by the shoes, going over to help Bucky, clapping him hard on the back in greeting.
"Of course, Sergeant," Jarvis replied, sounding pleased with Bucky's choice of action. Thank god. If the AI approved, he wasn't doing anything wrong.
"Yeah, I guess I should let you guys think you're strict parents a little longer," she huffed. Damian rubbed his fingers against her back, simultaneously supporting and soothing her.
"Look what I drew, Bucky!" he said happily, and shoved a paper into Bucky's hand. He looked at it and he had to clench his jaw to hold back a laugh.
"Alright, Bruce?" Tony asked, already hammering away at his phone. The shields stabilized again, turning more shimmery-light blue this time than before.
"It's not that I didn't have time," Tony exclaimed, examining the android with amazed eyes. "Dr. Cho said that the calculations were incorrect, that the cradle wouldn't be able to sustain him, that he wouldn't..." Tony trailed off. "You... You are magnificent."
"However-" she said, and Bucky's head whipped up so fast that he was sure he was gonna get whiplash. Natasha gave him the kind of evil smirk that had him thanking God internally that he was her friend now and not her enemy. "I can come visit tomorrow. I bet Peter would like that."
When Natasha shifted so she was holding Emma more comfortably, Clint pressed the button for their floor, and waited. And waited. Finally, Natasha took a deep breath.
"Yeah! We had lotsa fun!" Peter said, nodding happily. "We made cupcakes an' I got to eat frosting out of the can-"
"Well, Barton, as Jones continuously points out, I'm very rich," Damian hummed when they pulled apart. Emma snorted.
"Aunt Katie-Kate," she hummed. "I dunno. I don't think I should have a title because that sort of labels me as a responsible adult, and I really shouldn't be your go-to responsible adult."
"Oh, that. Yeah, I know," she said softly. He blinked, making her huff. "We've had sex without condoms many times, and despite me thinking that maybe the gods are just with us, I've had an inkling. It doesn't surprise me, exactly."
The child was happy enough to be clutched to Steve's broad chest. He told his dad all about his dreams and about the book Tony was reading for him, and Steve hummed and asked questions, and Darcy sat across the table with a hand to her mouth to hide her smile. Thor couldn't hide his smile at the little boy's antics either.
When Emma said those words out loud in front of Tony, the genius burst out laughing and called Reed Mr. Silly Putty until he took his notes and left, muttering under his breath angrily. Finally, it was only Helen Cho, Hank Pym, Tony, Emma, and Vision left in the room.
"Actually, studies show that your "smartness", if you will, comes from your mom. Technically, you can't pin your genius on Howard," Bruce said, with the bunny-ears in the appropriate place.
"You bet. A scary little combination, of course, with Natasha's impatience for bullshit and Clint's sunshine view on life. Very intent on petting every animal she meets," Tony said distantly as he went back to staring at the code that made up the majority of Vision's brain. What Wanda felt was consciousness, was actually the stone on his forehead, which Bruce had put a lot of effort into breaking down to numbers for Tony so he could run simulations.
"Adult concerns?" Darcy asked, wrinkling her nose. Bucky chuckled, pressing a quick kiss to her nose.
"For the visual of Tony, or-" Bucky's sentence was cut short as Steve grabbed his ankle and pulled him down to the floor, with Bucky cackling again.
Vision turned out to be quite the explorer. Silent, able to change his density: he was best equipped to investigate every corner of the tower in a day. Lucky was a little suspicious of him, but once Clint had taught Vision where Lucky liked to be scratched, the dog had no troubles with him.
Bucky had gotten himself a flip phone, and was still ridiculed endlessly for it by both Tony and Clint. Smartphones weren't really an option because of his metal arm, so he'd gotten himself a Nokia flip phone with the trusted help of Natasha and Steve. The good captain had only gotten a smartphone a few months ago, and was still figuring it out. Bucky really didn't feel like getting one of those. He stuck to his Nokia, even though it had disappeared on several occasions, because
"Yeah, I know, dad," she mumbled, signing along, and Clint smiled, leaning down to press a reverent kiss to her forehead.
"Give me a list of ten people you actually can stand to spend time with without feeling like you're gonna have to kill them to get peace of mind," she grinned, putting her hands on her hips. Damian pressed his lips together and narrowed his eyes. She gave him a whole minute and when he was still making that face she waved a hand around. "See? I cherish you very much, babe, but the key to a successful relationship is according to Darcy being able to handle all sorts of situations together without collapsing, and being out in public is a Situation."
"I told you to stop taking pictures," Damian growled this time, all attempts at calm gone. He dropped the pieces on the marble floor, and took Emma's hand again, walking out of there as the guy yelled after him that he had to pay for that.
While Natasha now looked calm to the majority of people with eyes, Clint knew his partner well enough to know she was vibrating with tension.
Bucky huffed out a laugh at her, and when they met eyes, she saw a bit of a darkness in there that suggested that while he might be walking and talking alright today, it wasn't a
"Shh, daddy! Auntie Tasha doesn't wanna talk," Peter whispered loudly, pressing his chubby hand over his dad's mouth. Steve's shocked expression and the stunned silence that followed left Natasha with a window to leave the room, and she took it, making Emma's name sign at Bucky, and getting a '
"Since when does walking-talking-microwave speak Sokovian?" Pietro asked, eyebrows raised in what Vision registered as surprise.
"I- Look, Natasha," Steve began as he turned to face Natasha and Helen, with the same sincere tone he'd used before he'd approached Clint in the elevator. He didn't get any further before he was stopped.
"Tony, Tony, wherefore art thou, Tony?" Emma called into the workshop, and Dummy came whirring forward, a tennisball in his claw, with Butterfingers and You following him. "Hi guys! How are you doing?" Emma asked, running her fingers over Dummy's servos, batting You's claw out of her hair distantly, and simultaneously nudging Butterfingers' claw with her elbow. All of this without dropping her notebook. The bots chirped and whirred gleefully. "Want me to toss the ball? Come on, give it."
"Give it to the cranky kid," he said, nodding towards Peter. Now he was out of his clothes, and Steve let him run free until food was ready. Peter had developed a love for pasta lately, which was sort of stressing his parents out. It was easy to make but Tony kept insisting he didn't want his little baby to get scurvy or something equally awful.
"Wonder why they didn't eat you. Shoo!" She snickered again, and hopped off to the bathrooms, still with her crumpled bag in hand.
Stark was on the couch, with Peter sitting on his stomach, one hand absently petting his father's hair. Peter was wearing a blue shirt with the Avengers on it (geek), and a pair of small (apparently kids are
, parent to parent," Steve said sincerely, making the ASL sign for 'parent' as he spoke. "Natasha was entirely right, we would've been very angry with you if anything happened to Peter on your watch. You're equally entitled to be angry. I'm sorry, Clint. Please accept my apology."
"You look like a million bucks, Nat," he supplied as they both looked at their reflection in the mirror.
"Can't Jarvis read it to you?" he asked, pleadingly. Peter looked miserable at the prospect, but nodded. Damn Peter's doe eyes. He got that from Steve. Nevermind that he was 6"2' and had lost all innocence since he started hanging out with Stark, Steve Rogers puppy eyes were not to be trifled with. Bucky sighed. "Alright, alright, I'll read the damn book. Where is it?"
"Sir took one of the suits down to a sub-level basement to check on some readings on the arc reactor that's powering the tower," Jarvis replied. "Sir is deeply in his thoughts, and has 'tuned out', so to speak. I'll have him come up as soon as he's come back to his senses."
"Mister Maximoff is just fast enough that my sensors have trouble catching him, but the socks in question seem to have mysteriously disappeared after Miss Emma and Mister Maximoff had an argument," Jarvis answered simply. Clint waved Bucky off.
As Tony held Peter and watched with a smile as he told him all about his and Bucky's weekend, Steve came up to Bucky with a smile bright enough to outshine the sun, and hugged him tightly.
"Yeah, sure," Helen said, looking a little spooked as Clint followed his partner onto the elevator and closed the doors.
"Shh, that's a secret, kid," Bucky whispered, but loud enough for the mic to pick it up. From the grin Tony was supressing, he could tell he wouldn't get in too much trouble for it. Peter blinked at him, wide eyed.
, always ready to laugh. It bothered Wanda a little. A child that had seen such horrors such as this one should not be so ready to laugh. Wanda herself had seen about the same level of horrors, and yet she didn't feel like smiling all the time.
"Hey, these look like vitals," Emma said, and Wanda walked around the table, finding the fat cables coming out from the box and trailing off into a corner of the workshop that looked like it hadn't been lit up in a while.
"Well, you tend to get protective of your projects," Bruce said distantly, putting his glasses on as he stared at the screen thoughtfully.
The shirt from Wanda's closet was burgundy and one of the things Darcy had gotten her, to make her look presentable for future press-events. It looked more like a fancy blouse than anything Emma owned, and Wanda was only one size above her, in comparison to Natasha, who was more well-endowed in the chest area. Emma was honestly a little jealous.
"Once. A really desperate kid. And if I ate annoying people for breakfast, you wouldn't be alive anymore." Clint did a mock gasp of horror but looked mightly pleased as he did.
"During that time, I'm pretty sure Bucky's moving in on our floor, or Emma moving down to him and Darcy," Natasha said, directing that Bucky's way. He raised a spatula in agreement. "Right. The responsible adults are you, Darcy, and Coulson, who Emma can contact herself she wants to talk to us, or we'll contact Coulson to contact her."
Thankfully, neither had been grievously injured, but Steve couldn't stop blushing, and Bucky was still very amused at Steve being distracted enough by the image of his husband with a robot dick to get hit hard enough to lose his breath.
"Yeah, no, I agree with Bruce here; having good healing powers is not a good enough reason to throw yourself in front of a rampaging Hulk," Clint grit out, surprisingly looking sort of angry.
The little kid grabbed one of the books and handed it to Bucky before he nestled himself underneath the covers again. Bucky stared at the dark green cover, beautifully shaped letters forming the words "Peter Pan". It was an old book, the pages worn and yellowed. He wondered where Stark had gotten this copy of the book. It really was a pretty book.
She snorted. "I haven't even been at my new job for six months. We haven't even been dating for two years! Trust me when I say I'm not looking to settle down right this second."
Tony blinked back. "Well, you need to go to college at some point, and it's not like I don't have the money. What, were you going to pay it? I have money saved for whatever wedding you might like too, if your parents don't get hitched."
"Widow-bites. Bucky. Jarvis. You. Pym. Hawkeyes and their various arrows. Do I need to continue?" she said, directing her question at Vision. Everyone stared in silence for a moment.
"Sort of like Peter, except less shy. They did scream a lot, but just... Happy screams. It was weird," Bucky said, but the look on his face said it wasn't a bad kind of weird, just surprising. Maybe a little intriguing. "Hard to tell from other screams, sometimes."
"Scoot," Bucky said, nudging with his head to his left. Peter did as told, and Bucky crawled in with him, throwing his real arm around the kid's tiny shoulders. The tablet showed a picture of Steve and Tony, Steve with a younger Peter on his shoulders and getting a kiss on the cheek from Tony. "I uh, I guess we could video call them?"
She would undoubtedly be up again in an hour or two, leaping out of bed to go check on Emma, but for now, the two agents could rest safely.
Emma laughed. "I know, dad, but please? We bought an Avengers lego set and I wanna set it up at his place. I have no room at our place, and having an Avengers tower in an Avengers tower is tower-ception and I don't think that should be allowed."
When Bucky was just prepping for making lunch, the elevator doors slid apart with a soft ding, revealing Tony Stark-Rogers and Steve Rogers-Stark, tired but clean and in one piece each.
"Nice." There was a dinging noise, and Emma held her phone up, smiling at it briefly. Tony tossed her a look over his shoulder.
"Yeah, yeah, I know," Tony replied, but there was a shifty look in his eyes that said just how guilty he was feeling they hadn't done just that.
"Um, hi?" came a voice from the tv suddenly, and Bucky's head whipped around as Peter made a noise that wasn't distress. More... Joyous?
Bucky opened the book to the page Jarvis and Peter directed him to, and he read out loud for Peter to hear until he felt Peter's breathing slow, and his Iron Man plushie slipped a little from his grip. Bucky carefully slid out from the sleeping child's arm, and put the book back in it's spot on the shelf.
Vision began floating in the air, testing a few jabs that had a suspiciously Steve-looking quality to them, before sending out a huge, yellow laser-beam from their forehead directly onto the dome of energy. Emma in the still rings nearly fell from her perch, catching herself with one hand.
"Guadalajara?" she reminded him, and Clint scratched behind his ear thoughtfully, his fingertips pressing his hearing aid further into his ear instinctively. Natasha had nagged him to take them to Tony and have them fixed so they wouldn't keep coming loose if it bothered him, but he had waved her off, saying it was nothing.
," she threatened in Russian, and Bucky gave her a sweet smile as Clint grabbed a plate with a shit-eating grin and joined him back by the stove.
"Sparred with Steve. Watched Bishop and Barton shoot a little. Went for a run with Sam and Nat. What sort of assholes did you have to deal with at work today?"
The Hulk howled in frustration, beating his hands against the ground angrily as she dropped down on the floor, waiting for his next move. The door opened, and her mom, dad, and Kate spilled into the room, both Hawkeyes with tranq-arrows loaded and ready to shoot any moment.
"I'm a medical professional," Bruce complained as Clint supported him into the elevator. Natasha followed, rolling her eyes at him.
"Well, I think she's gonna go train a bit before she eats anything. We'll see. Otherwise she might have tea with Bruce, because apparently, he makes better tea than I do."
"Hi возлюбленная, I need you to stay with me," Natasha said in an entirely calm voice that Clint recognized as her in-control Black Widow voice. She ripped open a first-aid kit, tossing a few protein bars and a water-bottle at Clint, who pulled his hoodie over his head and forced Bruce into it, feeding him the protein bar and making him sip the water.
"I- Thank you," Vision said, knowing that 'sweet' was a compliment. Still, they were a little startled. While Emma expressed similar sentiments often, it was generally only her and Tony, their creator, who expressed it.
"All shoes, some jackets, and I think Jarvis has managed to get some sewn into a few of her pants?" Clint agreed, directing his last statement at the ceiling.
"Hey Buck!" he said and came up to give him a pat on the back that would have a normal man stumbling with the force of it. Stevie really just doesn't know his own strength. Or knew it well, and knew that Bucky could handle it.
"Clint, Pietro, grab and lift when I tell you to," she urged, spreading the blanket Pietro brought over the rubble next to her. At Pietro's grossed out look, Emma groaned.
"Hulk, buddy, I'm gonna need to you stay away from the little girl," came Iron Man's slightly flitered voice as Vision tried to float above Hulk and grab Emma without anybody getting hurt. Hulk swatted them out of the sky like they were a particularly annoying fly, sending the android flying into the wall on the other side of the room.
"I'm not going to apologize," she snapped, turning her head to look at him. Clint shrugged, folding his bow back into it's more easily transportable shape and flipping it in his hand.
Suddenly, Vision blinked rapidly, and shook their head. There was a speed-up in the numbers on Tony's screen.
"Hi sweetheart. The biker's been set loose, so he'll be there in fifteen minutes, if he drives like a sane person," Clint said. When the vidcall finally loaded, Emma could see him clearly. He was squinting at the screen, laying down in what looked like his bed, wearing a black shirt and looking decidedly very comfy.
"Yes, you can trust me, Natasha," Bruce agreed sincerely. "She still has trackers in her shoes, right?"
"Oh, yes, A-plus, I wish my parents had let me go womano-a-womano with my sister like that when I was growing up," Kate sighed. "That would've been awesome. I would've kicked Susan's fucking ass."
Turns out Steve had, with his good hearing, heard Emma say 'I don't wanna think about Tony making a robot dick', been thoroughly distracted by that image, and Bucky had managed to land a blow with the left hand in Steve's stomach at the same time.
They sped around a corner and down one of the three different lanes of the mall, speeding in the direction of a Macy's.
"Well, his deduction skills are good, the visual sensors are good, he's able to catch voice-cues... I mean, he's beautiful," said Hank, rubbing his head with a dazed look on his face.
"Well what a dilemma. Jay, can you drop Lucky off on the common floor for me?" she asked the ceiling.
"Do you love me?" he asked innocently. Bucky's initial thought was to say 'hell no' because he wasn't a sap who got attatched to stupid little kids. But this was Peter. Peter wasn't stupid. He was too smart for his own good, and as protected as one could be. It couldn't be too bad to say he loved him. Right?
"I'm gonna pull a SHIELD on you, and say 'classified'," Tony said, twirling around the android like he was inspecting a particularly attractive person, trying to size them up. "Could you hold your arm up for me, buddy?"
"It's funny because I'm damn sure Stark's made a metal dick at point," he grinned wolfishly, and Emma smiled back in response, not really knowing why but very happy that she'd managed to make Bucky smile like that.
"I can't believe the sort of stuff you Americans come up with," Natasha said incredulously as they took a seat. "And which ones?"
"Don't know. Just been feeling a little antsy. Darcy asked what was up and I didn't really know what to tell her, since I don't know either."
"Sit there and keep your eyes closed until I find the dress, alright?" she demanded, pointing at him, and Damian nodded and disappeared. Once she'd found the dress, she hurried into the dressing room in front of where Damian was standing, a hand covering his eyes.
Damian shoved his hands into his pockets. "I wouldn't pierce myself. It's too recognizable a feature were I to be discovered. Besides, it's pieces of metal in your skin. What's the point?"
"I'm sorry to have startled you, Miss Bishop," Vision said kindly, and Kate narrowed her eyes at them.
Emma came out from the living room, hopping into some Nike's with paint-spatter all over them as she went. As soon as she straightened up, Clint blinked.
"Do you want pancakes or not, asshole?" Clint threatened as he pulled the ingredients he'd need out of the cupboards.
"Well, aren't you just a ray of fuuu-" Stark said, and apparently changed his mind mid word, "-uuudging sunshine."
"Please don't, if it's gonna cost you your leg. Do you want a ride or not?" he asked, and Emma grinned at him.
"Now let's go see what sort of fuckery Kate is up to," he murmured, and that got his girl to giggle a little, which he saw as a win. He smiled at her, and got a smile back. When he ruffled her hair, he got a whiny little 'daaad' back, which pleased him to no end as Emma shoved him into the elevator, not entirely gently.
"The world isn't a safe place," he replied as he, to Peter's glee, shoved his own dollar into the jar.
"I, uh, I need to talk to Tony," Darcy said and bit her lip in thought. At Bucky's raised eyebrow she smiled. "He owes me a favor and I need help with this college thing. Kinda dumb, actually, but Jane is... In a phase."
"She has good instincts," he murmured. "While I think everyone's a danger, she has... A filter, of sorts."
He started the coffeemaker, grabbing a glass of applejuice for Peter and then sat him down on the kitchen island, much to Peter's chagrin. He soon recieved his toast with PBJ, and Bucky ate his with butter and ham, and recieved his coffee.
"Hulk!" she shouted, waving her arms. "Hi! Hi big guy! Look at me!" The Hulk roared, and Emma just beamed at him. "Now that I've got your attention, what do you call an acid with an attitude?"
"Now that's just spreading misinformation, Stevie," Bucky said without hesitation. "You lead, we follow."
Bruce flew back in later that night, on a Stark-jet, and arrived in the middle of the night. Vision had no real bed, and Tony felt sort of weird offering them a guest-room, so he just stayed with them in the workshop, distantly keeping an eye on the parental controls for Vision's internet connection as he worked on the new Starkphone and Starktab because Pepper had made Jarvis play one of his most loathed songs very loudly until he did what she'd asked him to.
"Come with me then," she said, turning her head enough to look at him. A bruise was blooming on his jaw, and he had a cut she'd taped together on his left cheekbone. Five o'clock shadow was covering his face, and his hair was mussed. He could probably hang out with Bucky as she took Peter off his hands for a few hours.
"Yup. I needed to talk to Tony actually, need some help with some college sh- stuff," Darcy replied. "You didn't tell me Anakin had gone good side."
"C'mon, let's go grab Peter and go to bed. Okay?" Steve said softly, turning Tony around and shooing him towards the doors.
"Hey, Clint. Just the fella I needed to talk to," came Steve's voice from pretty much exactly in front of him, or else his hearing aids wouldn't have picked it all up. Clint opened his eyes to see a slightly dishevled Captain stepping into the elevator.
"'S not the point, doll," he said, shaking his head as he grabbed his helmet off the bike, and tossed Emma's purple one to her.
There was a light silence in the living room, and Bucky was back to reading and Peter was back to his cars on the floor, in his cute pj's, when he suddenly pierced Bucky with a look.
"You'll see, I guess. And me too," Bruce sighed, tilting his head every-which way to stretch his neck-muscles out. Tony patted him on the back.
"I'm getting Bucky a Gryffindor scruchie and there's also Supernatural shit there, and it's been a while since we watched it. I dunno, I thought it might be fun. Don't you have somewhere you want to go?"
"And you're his hot babysitter?" she asked, smirking now. Bucky was stumped, and Peter looked concerned. He turned around and put a small hand on Bucky's forehead.
"The alarms in the middle of the night?" Clint suggested as he moved towards the coffeepot. Victoria was apparently bored with being in his arms, as she struggled to crawl up on his shoulders, headbutting the side of his face disapprovingly. He tried to juggle her as well as dodge Lucky and get over to the coffee-machine. He was lucky he had regained the majority of his balance since he went deaf, or else he probably would've fell.
"C'mon. Take Emma, would you?" Clint said silently. Steve had the worried-leader look on his face, like he was feeling conflicted in his husband duties and his team-leader duties, but Clint met his eyes and Steve and Tony stepped aside to let Natasha carry the sleeping Emma out again. Clint turned to Helen, and smiled reassuringly. "Again, thanks, Doc. Don't know what we would've done without you."
"Dollar in the swear jar, both of you," she then said, no longer holding back the smug tone but definitely the smile.
"Kate just texted me about where you can buy whole, canned chickens. I just wanted to make sure that wasn't what we were eating tonight," he said, a mildly disgusted look on his face.
"Get-" Bruce rasped, before hitting his hand against the floor. Instead of doing like a floor normally would, the fake-wood of the training room's floor cracked like an eggshell around Bruce's fist. "-out of here!" The end of his sentence wasn't so much as a breath as a loud growl.
She shrugged. "I just don't think I'd ever have the time or the stamina. How my mom raised all those kids with barely any help honestly baffles me to this day."
"Yes, tiny birdspider, I know! I knew you'd appreciate this particular stroke of genius of mine, kiddo. This is the sort of appreciation I deserve."
"Hey kid," Bucky said, his voice wavering as Peter turned his huge, wet eyes on him. His face was red and he was clutching a tablet in his hands like it could save the world. "What's the matter?" Peter sniffed, and internally Bucky groaned. Bad idea to leave him with kids for too long, it would only make them cry.
When they finally finished making their cupcakes, it was getting dark outside. Bucky had never been alone with a small child for this long. No one trusted him to handle it, since kids usually threw screaming fits and they thought Bucky would shoot them for being annoying. Shoot a guy in the leg for being annoying
Natasha and Clint looked at each other, and the redhead's lips were a thin, thin line of displeasure. They should ground her for fighting the Hulk, for scaring them, for all of it, but that would just make her miserable and hurt, and even if they got her to promise she wouldn't do it again, she definitely would do it again, if she felt she had to.
"Oh yeah, you betcha. Jarvis protested like a true son of yours," Emma snorted, still not looking away from the smooth lines of the human-looking thing in front of her.
"How're we doing?" she crooned gently, and Bruce braced his one hand behind her, half-way sitting up.
"Put Darcy in the tablet!" Peter exclaimed, scrambling to get it from the couch, and Jarvis did as told. Darcy smiled on the screen, and Peter raised his arms to be held. Bucky surrendered. Again. With Peter safe on his hip, he walked into the kitchen, listened distantly to Peter chatting away at Darcy, who talked just as much back. When Peter was safe on the kitchen island, he concidered his options.
something he'd think a four and a half year old boy would want to do, but hey, he wasn't one to judge.
Despite Damian's eyerolling, he bought the Lego set for her, and also a pair of bouncy balls. Emma accepted it only because she knew that Lego and bouncy balls could be used while they were together and having fun.
"I'm smart because I have good genes and started inventing early," Tony shrugged, turning to a wall-panel. He pressed a few buttons, and the sparring mats flipped themselves over, showing unforgiving metal, and indestructable force-field shields sizzled between a couple of pins before turning entirely clear. The only clue that they were there was the occasional wiggle of the air, like when it was blaringly hot outside and the asphalt looked like it was being cooked.
Peter had insisted they use frosting to decorate all the cupcakes. Bucky had been forced, because Peter's combination of doe eyes and Steve's Captain voice was the best recipe for success, to decorate each of the cupcakes with Avengers signs. A few had an hourglass in red, another few a big star, that Peter had made with minor help on Bucky's side, another few depicted a hammer, a few of them quite frankly horrible arrows, then a bunch of radioactive signs, and a single one with an arc reactor. Peter had done a couple of spiders on a few of the others, and used the red frosting to make stars and Santa hats on some more of them. The kid had said lots of cupcakes, and now they had a lot of fucking cupcakes.
Clint's lips twitched into a reluctant smile. "Look, sweetheart, you know we want you here to rest for your own good. Think about your leg."
"Fine. See you at dinner," she called as she made her way out of the room, running her hands over Dummy's servos and You's platform before she was out the door.
"Don't listen to Aunt Katie, she's crazy," Clint told Peter seriously, and got a nod back as Peter held his hands over his ears. "Oh, you're precious, Peter Pan."
"Gender-neutral until Vision decides on their gender, huh?" Sam asked as Vision sat down next to Sam by the table. While they didn't eat, they liked the social situation; sitting down by the table to eat together, like a family did. It was a rare occurrence to see all the tower's residents in the same place, but it was also hard to find somewhere empty. Vision preferred times like these: enough people to make a crowd, but not enough to make them uncomfortable.
"Thanks Jarvis. You're the best," Emma smiled at the ceiling, before crouching down in front of Lucky very seriously. "Lucky. Mom's upset. I need you to use your amazingness and general fluffiness to make her feel better. Can you do that for me?"
"No, Darcy, we can't," he sighed, pulling back his real hand to card it through his hair and tug. "I can't give you a house with a white picket fence and- and two point five kids and a minivan-"
"Cradle? That's what they're calling it?" she asked as she twisted a dial, making the box start humming loudly. Wanda gasped, and Emma shot her a look. "What?"
"I can draw!" Peter nodded happily, and dashed over to the kitchen table, scrambling up on a chair. Glad to have him occupied, Bucky started fixing dinner for them.
"I think if it was those kinds of jitters, you'd be feeling them a lot earlier than this, babe. You've come really far since we started being friends, y'know, but every recovery has the chance for a backslide. Dr. Kyle says you don't have to feel amazing all the time just because you're getting better. Some days are still shitty."
"Peter?" Bucky called out in alarm. No response. Internally cursing in all the languages he knew, he dashed through the place, checking the kitchen, living room, all the places on their floor where he could possibly be hiding. When he came up with nothing from the frantic search, he flashed his teeth at the ceiling in a snarl. "Jarvis, where's Peter?"
"That what we're thinkin'?" Clint drawled in a terrible attempt at a New Jersey accent. Coulson smacked his lips together, and Natasha scoffed at him.
"That really depends on how paranoid he is about sharing his business with his friends. Currently, I don't think that we'll ask that of you, but this mission will require that you adapt. He seems to be too occupied with his other business to go to bed with anyone. We've had ears out for him for about six months now, and he doesn't seem to have had any partners."
"'M fine. 'S Bruce back yet?" she asked. Vision began petting Lucky carefully, and the dog's tail wagged a little.
"Only sort of?" she asked, but made a note of where she was on her paper and put it down on the coffee table, in whatever precarious order she had going on.
"Then you can cuddle me too!" He should've known the kid had a motive. Bucky let out another quiet chuckle.
"It was a joke, but alright. Tony is looking for you. Maybe go to the workshop before he tries to make a Vision-sized magnet."
"Yeah," Steve agreed. "Y'know what, I'm going to check on him before I join you guys. Save some coffee for me and Tony."
Emma hadn't seen Damian in a while, which sort of bummed her out. They vid-called a lot, but he had a lot going on in his night-life right now, and was practically a zombie during the days. He wouldn't tell her anything about it, no matter how much she pried, so she'd taken to being silently supportive instead. Layla was the one to suggest this outing, but Emma was happy for the opportunity to try and make him relax.
"Hey. I'll come over tomorrow and we'll build a tower, okay? Bring that home to your place and pump Titus up for me coming tomorrow," she said, patting his chest reassuringly.
When she began to drift back into consciousness, she could hear the adults' low voices like a buzz floating in the air around her. Emma was pretty sure she was on a couch, and that said couch was the one in Bruce's lab. When she cracked a careful eye open, she could see the pea-colored fabric, and was then
"Dada always cuddles me when he reads," Peter informed him, only the top half of his face sticking up from underneath the blanket. Bucky chuckled quietly.
"Vision? What's happening, buddy?" he asked, and Hank was on his feet again within a second, and Helen had a concerned frown on her face.
"We're changing the name as soon as we're done with these tests," Bruce yawned. "I need to sleep, after this. You know how I get when I don't."
"But can I say 'shit'? Stark does that all the time. It's time the kid learned some good old fashioned cussing." Steve gave him a look that told him just how funny Steve thought he was being. Bucky grinned at his childhood friend as he was led into the living room.
"You sound like what Steve would sound like if he could get sloppy-drunk and stupid-high at the same time," Natasha told him in no uncertain words, and Clint's jaw dropped in offense.
When she crawled into bed, Clint made a noise like a surprised cat, a sort of grumble, but Natasha wrapped her arms around his waist and he settled down again, comforted by her proximity and the reassuring feeling of her hand against his sternum.
"Sure," Bucky said with a shrug and hesitated when Peter raised his arms, a silent question to be held. Kids needed hugs. Right. Bucky braced himself and carefully grabbed under Peter's arms, hauling him over the couch with surprising ease. He let Peter more or less sit on and wrap his legs around his right side, not wanting the metal of his other arm to dig into his soft, impressionable skin. Peter wrapped one arm around Bucky's neck and leaned on his shoulder, and Bucky had to take a few breaths to calm himself. He could totally do this. Carrying kids was easy.
He stared as it stuck, and he stared as Peter giggled and pointed to another magnet, one obviously Hulk themed.
"What about Steve and Tony?" he asked slowly, eyebrows furrowing. Clint made a face, but Natasha remained impassive.
"Oh. Nice," Emma grinned. "Can you convince him to let me go out with friends today, best superhero in the world?"
Emma laughed anyways. "Okay, you need to go take a nap. Isn't it Peter's naptime soon? Go nap with him. Doctor's orders."
"Aunt Darcy!" Peter squealed, and scrambled off the floor, grinning brightly at the tv. The woman, 'Aunt Darcy', smiled at him, and her smile was warm, showing off a slight gap in between her two front teeth. Bucky's heartbeat felt like it had just stuttered.
"Say ten, then," came Natasha's voice, and the video shifted to show half of Natasha's face and most of her hair spread out over the pillow next to Clint's.
"Hey Clint, remember that time when you broke your arm and wouldn't admit it because of your pride and you walked around with a broken arm for over two days until Natasha knocked you unconscious and got you to medical?" Kate said casually from her perch on the kitchen island, and Clint looked up at her, entirely bewildered.
"Bucky!" he exclaimed, and Bucky spun back around to find father and son staring at him quizzically.
"I can't believe we didn't give him a proper immune-system!" Hank exclaimed as Helen found the virus and dispatched it. Vision's eyes opened again, and their eyebrows furrowed in confusion.
"It's expensive and an unnecessary risk," Damian said solemnly. With the glasses, he looked quite ridiculous. Emma giggled, and then pouted.
"Yes, yes, god, yes, I hear you! Get off," Tony got out, his voice a little choked. Natasha was back on her feet in a second, looking down at the two of them like a big storm cloud. Clint offered Steve a hand up, but kept his face neutral. He sort of agreed with Natasha, was the thing. Had it been Peter, Steve and Tony would've reamed them, no doubt. That they brushed it off with Emma just because she could heal, that didn't sit right with him.
She laughed, shaking her head. "Thanks Tony. You're really sweet. You know I still love you even if you don't pay for my college or wedding or... anything, right?"
"If you keep up that attitude, she's going to feel the need to lie to us about it anyway," Natasha pointed out.
"Tasha?" Clint mumbled sleepily next to her, and a warm hand settled on her thigh, calloused fingers sliding over soft skin. "What's the matter?"
"Vision," Emma stated. All eyes turned to her as she smiled at the humanoid robot. "Your name should be Vision."
"That was cats, from Futurama. But Auntie Katie says Lucky's just really smart," Emma said, waving him off as she skipped into the training room, immediately going for the still rings. "Just 'cause he's smart doesn't make him a mutant. That'd be like asking you if you were a mutant just 'cause you're smart."
"Todd grew up poor, and his attitude towards the rich is, I believe 'eat the rich'. He would grossly abuse his rights to the Wayne fortune if he were still willing to associate with us," Damian commented idly. Emma pulled the zipper up and wiggled around until she felt comfortable in the dress.
"Holy shit," Emma said in a breathless voice, staring as the Hulk got up on two feet and roared loud enough to make the floor vibrate. Vision shifted out of their safety-dome, throwing their arms back like they were ready to fire their forehead-canon again.
He waved a dismissive hand in the air, brushing his hair back from his face. "Call me gross and old-fashioned, but I'm starting to feel a little useless doing nothing. Maybe that's why I'm antsy."
"Dad!" Emma complained. Now when Clint looked up, she was sitting on Pietro and looking disgruntled, his one arm twisted behind his back and the other in a fierce grip. Pietro looked like he was berating himself for not taking Darcy up on being taught self-defense. "Pietro won't tell me where he's put my socks!"
"What are we doing for dinner?" he asked Natasha as Coulson lead them towards one of the briefing rooms nearby.
"Not true! Last time I did stupid thing on team, it was all on me!" Pietro complained as the doors closed. He popped open the bag of cheetos, and shoved a couple in his mouth.
"Clint, oh my god, I'm so sorry," he hiccuped, looking absolutely distraught, and Clint shook himself out of his silent rage enough to listen to him, and to grab the back of Bruce's neck. He made Bruce meet his eyes, made him watch carefully as he formed the words.
Bucky looked skeptical, but stood up again, and gave Vision a reasonably hard punch in the pec. The metal didn't dent, but Vision's whole body moved with the blow. The green eyes flashed, and the robot made a 'hmm' noise.
"Time for you to tuck in, too," Steve said, ever so patiently. "You guys should've waited until tomorrow to test the protocols out."
"Stretchy," he agreed. Emma ran a hand through his hair, scratching at his scalp, and Damian closed his eyes for a moment. "Why did we have to meet at a
"Nah, it's fine. Just surprised me a little, is all. What've you been up to today, except moved all of our furniture around?"
"Bucky as in... Bucky Barnes? The Winter Soldier?" she asked, her voice now colder, and he gave her a sad smile.
"Sure," Natasha replied, as the doors opened to show their floor. The two redheads stepped off. "Tell Winter to bring his own sheets."
"A-meano- acid!" she crowed from where she was swinging in the still-rings. The Hulk batted after her, like a cat with a string would, just as Iron Man and Vision appeared in air above the alcove.
"Thanks," he huffed. It wasn't what he wanted, which was her to take all the responsibility away from him, but he still appreciated it. She dropped the black dress on his head, and strode back to the closet. "Why are you even trying to look all swanky?"
"Dada always reads Peter Pan to me before bed," he said, turning his big doe eyes on Bucky. He sighed.
The bed, which was previously up against the left wall, was now on the other side of the huge room, on the right wall, and the bookshelf was instead against this wall, the couch and the loveseat moved accordingly. The tv was on another wall, the pillows aligned neatly on the couch, the blanket tossed over the back of the loveseat. The sheets were changed, and it looked like the bathroom toiletries had been cleaned out too, from the full garbage can in the corner.
"Nah, I know it. She already complains that Lucky loves me more than her, me out-hotting her would be the last straw."
He scratched at the back of his head, his eyes sweeping over the parking lot reflexively. "I don't know."
"Wanda's been considering getting a G.E.D.," Clint said, a little excitedly, and Natasha hid her smile again.
From the slightly stunned look on her face, Natasha really hadn't been expecting that. Clint cherished in the look on her face as she curled her hand into Emma's hair, and asked what show the younger redhead was watching.
"Should I be jealous you're making kids with other men?" Steve joked a little distantly, and Tony grabbed his ass lovingly.
"Not really. Just thought this was, tactically-speaking, smarter than the previous arrangement. I'll move it back if you want?" he said, the upturn of his voice at the end of the sentence indicating a question, and Darcy blinked.
Emma patted his feet, and reached out her hands."Well hey, Darcy's job is pretty sweet, you can just be a trophy husband for the rest of your life. That probably wouldn't trigger you."
"I'm going to Damian's!" Emma declared cheerfully, trying to get the mood in the room to match her tone. It didn't really help, only made Tony sigh, and put his chin in his palm.
"Hey Ariel. How're you doing?" Tony asked. Emma yawned, and pulled an earbud out, settling on the couch so that she could hug her giraffe, lean against the back of the couch, and have Lucky's head in her lap simultaneously.
"Oh geeze," Tony said to nobody in particular, but Dr. Cho looked up from where she was examining the synthetic material making up Vision's skin and their hand.
"Hey sweetie. With us?" came Clint's soft voice, and Emma groaned softly, closing her eyes. The throbbing in the back of her head was only rivaled by the way her entire back felt like one big bruise.
He grunted, and she rolled her eyes, pressing up against his side in a quick hug before she sucked her orange fingers into her mouth. Bucky made a disgusted noise, wrinkling his nose.
"Well, actually, remember Inferno? The man you rescued Emma from almost two years ago now?" Coulson asked mildly. "He and Russell are mobster friends?" Natasha said skeptically, trying to remember the file they'd had on him before they went in to grab him and found Emma in the process. "Inferno wasn't that well-connected, was he?"
"Honestly, I'm considering the fact that Lucky is a mutant dog," Tony said with his eyebrows furrowed when they walked down a corridor, passing the normal training rooms. "Like Peter and Wanda and Pietro, but a dog version. Is that possible? It doesn't feel impossible. Never know with the mutant powers. Maybe the mutant dogs'd just rule the world with their cuteness. Isn't that an episode from one of those shows you watch?"
"Yeah," she said softly. "I just... Her healing powers are unreliable. She shouldn't toss herself like a sacrifical lamb in front of the Hulk just because she thinks she'll heal. That's a destructive tendency I don't want her to pick up from us."
"Aw, papa bear," Kate mocked, and Clint took the yogurt out of her hands for that, much to her protests.
"Ones she can fight, ones she doesn't think she'll have to fight, ones she hopes she won't have to fight, and ones she definitely won't have to fight. I think very few people get past that last line."
Darcy held her hands up. "Well hey now, where did this come from? Who says I want that? Who says you have to want that?"
"Is that why Aunt Tasha and Uncle Clint call you Winter?" Peter asked, and as if he noticed the change in Darcy's demeanor, he planted himself in Bucky's lap, looking up at him with his big doe eyes.
"Yeah! Uncle Clint let me try shooting with arrows! But then Aunt Tasha caught us and she was mad," he replied happily, glad to just cling to him as he prepared toast for him one handedly. His metal arm was impressive in how much it was like a real hand, but buttons and cufflinks were still a challenge, as was pressing tiny buttons on a toaster.
"Dada!" Yup. This cheered Peter up big time. Bucky counted it as a win when Steve smiled at him from the other side of the screen.
Peter made a noise that could've shattered Bucky's ear drums, and he was prepared from last time, spinning around just in time to catch Peter out of the air and setting him down on his feet. Peter ran to crash bodily into Steve and Tony's legs, making Tony stumble and Steve laugh as he was hoisted up into his father's arms.
"Lipstick? Aren't you too young for that?" he asked thoughtfully without looking up from his tablet.
Vision nodded, and Helen unplugged them reluctantly. The android went over to the couch, sat down, and lay like a plank for a moment, eyes closed, before their body went a little more limp and relaxed.
"We'll see. Not if we have any say in it. If she does become a superhero, I think she'll finally manage to do what no one else in the world has done."
"Vision, no! Hulk isn't a threat!" Tony shouted as he ran for cover behind one of the pillars. The Hulk immediately went on a rampage, yelling 'smash' as he swept punching bags off their hooks, tossing them around like they were hacky-sacks and tore the heads off of sparring dummies. During all of this, Emma just stood in shock, staring.
There was the scraping of a chair's feet against the hard, stone floor, and the clicking of angry, determined heels, and Natasha was pretty sure she knew exactly who it was by the time a blonde head of hair swished around the corner of their cubicle.
"She's gonna become a superhero too, isn't she?" he groaned, and Natasha's lips twitched into a small smile as they met eyes again.
Bucky quickly made his way down there, typing in his passcode. The doors didn't open. He concidered just breaking the glass, but decided against it and sighed, leaning on the glass door.
"Now, see, that's is exactly what it's like having a sister. You're already set, dude, don't need any more siblings," Kate declared from where she was sitting on the kitchen island as she shoved a spoonful of yogurt into her mouth. "You fight, then you get along again miraculously whenever someone else tries to interfere."
"He's beautiful," she whispered. When everyone raised their eyebrows at her, she blushed, actually, honest-to-god
"Urban dictionary states it to be 'a man with an amazing body who sits at home all day, mooching off his wife's money', Miss Emma," Jarvis said patiently.
'the shit'?" Damian asked, doing bunny ears around where he was holding the big box. "You told me last week that slime was 'the shit', and the week before that, it was soap-videos."
"You bet, buddy," Emma agreed, leaning back to look up at them with a beaming smile. "However, not to people you've just met, and especially not a few people in this tower. Gotta respect boundaries, my friend."
"I'm fine, Bruce, don't worry! I heal quick," she promised him soothingly. Bruce's breaths were coming short, huffy, and she cupped his face gently. "Look at me. Look at me, Bruce." They met eyes, and Emma placed his hand on her heart, just like he'd done so many times with her in the beginning. "Breathe with me. In and out, just like this. Good."
Peter put his dishes into the dishwasher, and then grinned at him and grabbed two of his fingers with his one hand, tugging Bucky into the living room.
"Alright," he said, shaking his head in disbelief as Peter scooted closer to the wall. Bucky slid into the small bed next to him, and Peter burrowed into him, underneath his metal arm and with his tiny head on Bucky's lower torso. He was so tiny, Bucky felt like if he took too deep of a breath, he'd accidentally snap his neck or something equally horrifying and ridiculous.
"Ooh, bribery. I'm in," Helen agreed, and Clint laughed as he followed his partner's trail into the living room.
"I thought you had it figured out," she said, gently laying her hand in the crook of his elbow. Bucky shrugged and looked away.
"Dollar in the swear jar," Peter said strictly, tilting his head up just enough to show the stubbornness that proved he really was Tony's kid after all.
"Master Peter is unavailable at the moment," Jarvis replied, his voice cool but not soothing Bucky's nerves one bit.
"Oh, she was up, like, at least every hour," Clint agreed. "I think she just gets antsy, what with Emma coming back so recently, and now this."
"We have a solution to that," Coulson nodded. Now his eyes went to Clint. "I've been talking to the tech department, and they think they can add a recording-device to your hearing-aids without compromising their original function."
"Sure," he shrugged, and pushed a stepping stool into the kitchen island, motioning for Peter to scramble up as he opened a cabinet where he knew Steve kept his cookbooks. "What do you wanna bake?"
"Uhm-uh, no, yeah, I guess they don't," he stuttered. Tony held his thumbs up and went back to examining Vision's body responses with Dr. Cho.
Again, sorry! Christ, I thought I had this all hashed out but I had one bump that I just couldn't overcome for some goddamn reason. Thank you for checking up on me and for being patient! You're all stars, but especially those who keep asking for updates because along with your love it motivates me. Sorry if there's a lot of nothing happening in this chapter, I'm just reacquainting myself...
"If it makes you feel any better, your aim was excellent," Vision said helpfully, and Kate smirked at Clint.
"He missed his parents," Bucky told Clint instead of answering Natasha, who was back to chatting with Peter, putting him back down on a chair by the kitchen island.
"It's working, isn't it?" Clint pointed out, nodding towards where Emma had Pietro pinned to the floor, whilst Pietro struggled fruitlessly against her hold.
Bucky grabbed a magnet, a bright blue circle, stupidly enough with his metal arm, and slid it down the fridge to Peter's grabby hands. Peter took the magnet, staring at it for a while, and when Bucky was just about to ask what was wrong with the damn magnet, the little kid slapped it onto Bucky's arm.
"I wasn't scared shitless... I was nervous. His one dad can pick my arm apart in seconds and the other one can hurt me in other, freakier ways. I dislike fucking up missions."
"Yeah, alright," she said, and kicked her feet under the table, only for her foot to bump into something. "What's that?"
"Dr. Cho has been contacted, and she is on her way," he stated, because Jarvis was the absolute best.
"Yup! See, that's you, that's me, an' tha's Jarvis," Peter said, pointing to the man, the kid, and the squiggly line. Right, of course, it was Jarvis. The Starks and their love for their creations.
"Whoah!" she exclaimed as Vision continued through a series of different attack-patterns, kicks and blows and shifting density as they went. The energy-shields wavered a little, flickering for just a second when Vision punched the invisible barrier.
"You can be a fun, vodka aunt," Emma offered with a shrug. "That's the title without the responsibility."
Still... She wanted to look good too. While Damian probably didn't care, she sort of did. He was always wearing button up shirts and slacks, and Emma wore nerdy t-shirts and Avengers merch. They made an odd couple, that way. She didn't want to look out of place today.
"Stop taking pictures," he said, in the same fake-calm voice, and the man snapped another two pictures. Damian pursed his lips, and Emma immediately began tugging a little harder, because that look meant nothing good. Definitely not when he shook his hand out of hers.
Clint hadn't gotten much rest tonight either, if only because Natasha couldn't stay still once she was actually in bed. Maybe she could survive on catnaps, but Clint had not only been woken up in the middle of the night to fight one of his friends to save his daughter from harm, he'd also gotten fairly used to sleeping at least six hours at a time by now, and he was
"Keep the bed warm for me?" she asked, and recived a warm smile from Clint. He scratched at his scruffy chin, and Natasha signed "
"Don't think you should." Natasha blinked at him in surprise. He shrugged again. "No, I'm serious. Tony should know better than to let Bruce do anything even vaguely strenuous when he's had a long day and barely any sleep. And yeah, Tony and Steve would definitely be equally pissed. Maybe they wouldn't beat us up, because Steve's not too big on punching teammates, but y'know, they'd be so, so angry."
"Can never be too careful," she said as she shoved her glock into the holster and lifted her leg to see if it could be seen. Bucky didn't see the gun, but he saw her black underwear. Lace. Not a date, his ass.
"I heal," Emma pointed out, and Bruce frowned deeply, his hands going for his glasses, which were no longer on his face. He frowned even deeper.
"A whole, canned chicken? Why canned?" Natasha asked incredulously as Coulson held the door open for them.
"So you're going home?" Damian said, raising an eyebrow. Not like he was judging her, but sort of like he was sad he agreed with her parents.
"This is what you've been working on?" Steve said, a loved-up and amazed look on his face. "Tony, you're absolutely amazing."
"Watch it," Clint said in a sing-song tone, giving her a pointed look. "Car privileges can be revoked if enough people get hit by stray flying keys." To that, the Scarlet Witch rolled her eyes, but clutched the keys in hand firmly.
"So, when are you guys leaving for the mission?" Bruce asked, finally deciding that the room was safe and folding the paper back up.
"Emma no!" Tony shouted and stepped out from under the cover as the doors to the training room opened, and the current Iron Man suit flew in, obviously with the aim to absorb and protect Tony. Hulk's eyes followed it's trajectory, and turned to look at Tony, all out in the open, without a suit, and without letting anybody attack the Hulk.
"I'd ask you the same thing," Emma said pointedly, and Damian pursed his lips. Emma sighed. "Look, we're both tired and we haven't seen each other in a while. Can we maybe just chill out a little? Talk about things that don't concern life and limb?"
Good. She'd prevented anyone else from getting hurt. She sank back down, and felt the couch dip around where her legs were.
"Sorry, Coulson. We've been a little out of it lately, what with getting Emma back in school and cleaning up the mess after Anne. And Tony made some cool discovery earlier today, so the tower's been filled with scientists and stuff."
All three were already in the elevator by the time he'd finished his spiel, and Emma laughed sweetly at him.
Since coming back from her grandmother's place, it had only gotten worse. She kept thinking she'd wake up in her grandmother's house again. This was probably one of the nights where Clint and Natasha had insisted she should at least
"I'm sure we can set up a guestroom for you for the night," she said, crossing her arms over her chest and looking over at Tony. "As thanks."
"That works too, as long as they don't transmit anything," Coulson acknowledged, very familiar with Stark and his paranoia concerning his tech in SHIELD's hands. "Only record. We don't want them to pick up any transmissions. Got that?"
"They or them. At least until Vision's figured it out," Emma said, turning to look at the android. Vision blinked back at her. "You can get your hands on literature and a bunch of websites where people talk about their gender identities, yeah?"
"We're still a little unsure about that. We don't want you to walk around on a leg that hurts, is all, alright? We know that you want to go meet your friends and stuff, but seeing as the accident happened less than twelve hours ago, we're hesitant," Clint explained patiently, gazing into Emma's eyes. Emma pouted, and Natasha hummed with a little smile, pressing an affectionate thumb to her pouty lip.
"Not fair! Illegal warfare! Buck, stop him!" Emma gasped in shock as Victoria purred happily and settled down in her lap. Reluctantly, Emma's hand disappeared into Victoria's white fur. "You little traitor."
Kate was making pancakes by the stove, bopping along to some song in her earbuds, with Lucky running around her feet, chasing the cat around. Thor sat by the kitchen table with Peter, keeping a watchful eye on him as the little boy ate some berries and cereal. Sam was putting Peter's fluffy brown hair into a very small pigtail at the top of his head to get his hair out of his face, and Darcy was yawning and smiling at him at the same time.
