“Gabriel, where’re you taking us?” Cas inquired, glancing around.
“Yeah well keep ‘having a good time’ and you’ll wind up with an STD.” Balthazar dragged him to the foyer and handed him a glass of water.
Dean drove to the nearest IHOP, and he walked with Cas up to the door of the IHOP and walked in. Dean and Cas found a booth near the front door, sat down, and began looking at their menus.
"Our older brother's boyfriend." Anna explained. "He had the same major as me, so I'll meet up with him occasionally and he'll help me with some of my assignments."
When Dean got home at 8, Sam was still asleep. Dean shook his head, and then turned his head when he heard a knock at the door. He opened the door to see Bobby standing there with a smile on his face.
Dean nodded and shoved a forkful of waffle into his mouth. Meanwhile, Sam finally ceased petting Arizona and sat down, took a plate of waffles and ate them up happily.
“You really didn't need to pay for it.” Dean spoke as they walked out of the store. “I could've covered it.”
“They were alright.” Dean replied with a long sigh. He collapsed onto the small couch, not bothering to sit properly. As he yawned, Cas walked over to him.
“Are you gonna be okay?” Dean asked, tilting his head. Charlie barely lifted her head, before she tilted her head low and to the side and shrugged her shoulders. Dean placed a hand on her cheek and wiped some of her tears, then clasped both hands on the steering wheel. “C’mon. I got the perfect place to cheer you up.”
Messy dark, almost solid black hair and eyes bluer than anything he’d ever seen. A tanned, slightly chiseled face with a serious expression resting on it, which rather than looking unattractive, made the guy even hotter. Dean didn’t even realize he was staring until the boy locked eyes with him.
to go to school, probably to search for his soulmate. And then, another part of him wanted to continue the tradition of staying home on his birthday to either go to a theme park or watch movies while bundled up in a blanket.
“Wait what?!” Balthazar cried, staring at Cas, who was just as confused as he was.
, as his family had always been fully accepting (“Soulmates are soulmates,” Becky had once said firmly, “Regardless of whether its two girls or two guys.”), but more the fact that he had made out with some random person at the party, even if that person could very well have been his soulmate.
“Yeah well your words aren't welcome. Now get out of my room!”
“You don’t have to thank us or anything.” Sam spoke up, sensing the wonder in Cas’s posture. “We all wanted to do something for you.”
“Dean,” Bobby murmured, as Dean turned his head, “How’s your therapy been going?”
~~~~~
"And maybe one of us might find our soulmate in this town!" Sam cried in earnest, earning a laugh from Bobby.
Balthazar gave an exaggerated sigh. “Yes, I do. But it’s something, at least, right?”
Dean looked up, a bit startled by Cas's sudden reappearance. "It was my brother."
“You met your soulmate?!?” She exclaimed, thankfully not loud enough to draw attention. Sam internally cursed himself as Dean caught on.
"Hey Cas."
Dean and Charlie watched Sam paint for a few moments, entranced. Then, a light lit up in Charlie’s eyes, and she stared at Sam in shock.
Dean and Sam move to Sioux Falls, South Dakota, and settle into a new house with their father figure, Bobby Singer
Dean’s mouth almost seemed to water as he grabbed the plate in earnest, a hungry look in his eyes. “Thank you Bobby.”
Dean tilted his head. “How many siblings are there?”
“Ooh, he’s a really good teacher. My cousin had him.” She tapped her pencil lightly on her desk, her lips still held up in a smile. “From what I heard, he’s really good at explaining things and actually teaching.”
“Okay well I wonder how
It wasn't until he finally got up and out of bed that he spotted the dozens of presents stacked neatly under the tree- surely the work of Cas, given how neat the presents looked- and realized that
All Cas knew as the Empty took him was Dean’s scream, was Dean shoving himself forward with a face twisted into more agony than Cas had ever seen. And as Cas took one last look upon the human he had sacrificed everything for, a single tear ran down their cheek.
"What's her name?"
“Well, we’ll find your soulmate, Cas.” Anna murmured. “And I don’t judge you. We’ve all done stupid shit while drunk. At least you’re not as bad as Luci.”
“Then I’m glad my professors aren't insane.” Dean remarked, cocking his head. Gabriel let out a laugh, shaking his head.
“So where am I taking you?” Bobby inquired as he set Sam’s bag in the car.
“Who are you?”
“Now,” Anna cried, raising her fist into the air, “let’s find your soulmates!”
"Hiya Sammy." Dean muttered, still tired but with a smile now on his face.
Andy arched a brow, obviously skeptical, but shrugged his shoulders. “You seem a little bit more than just ‘off’, dude. I’m serious, are you okay? Did something happen?”
The three of them nodded, before Charlie quickly took a picture of the list and handed it back to the girl. She took it and nodded, and the three of them left.
“Looks like the trickster’s at it again.” She remarked as they saw a kid who had been doused in glitter. Sam turned his head.
“Oh really? I have Culinary fourth period.”
Cas walked over to his closet, and out of it came his usual trench coat. He also pulled on a Hufflepuff shirt, a pair of jeans and some (from what he had been told) dark gray sneakers. He paused in front of the mirror, patting his hair to make sure that it was somewhat neat. (His hair was so messy that he’d long given up on making it be completely and utterly neat)
Dean woke up the next morning shivering, and was about to question why when he realized he was still on the couch, Cas laying against him, fast asleep. Dean smiled, his eyes scanning Cas's face. He had rather handsome features, and his hair was dark, not black but dark enough to look black under certain lighting. His skin was clear and soft, barely a blemish on it. Dean entertained himself for the next ten minutes by just staring at Cas's face. He soon caught himself when Cas began to stir, and Dean's face flushed when he realized what he had been doing.
The rest of lunch was pretty uneventful- though then again, there wasn’t much that could compare to finding one's soulmate in a lunch line.
“Algebra 1 Honors. What about you?”
“Yeah, well, in some ways it is and in some ways it isn’t. I just want to live while I have the chance. Be my own person, experience things that I can’t experience with another person at my side.”
Jack nodded and hopped off the bed, grabbing Marble before he ambled out of Cas’s room and down the hall to his own. Right as Jack reached the door to his own room, he turned back and waved at Cas, a small little wave before opening his door and closing it behind him.
“You wanna go trick or treating with him instead? That’s fine.” Dean spoke.
“My name’s Charlie Bradbury. My friend Dean here lost his phone, and we’ve been retracing his steps. We think he lost it here.”
"What are these?" Dean questioned, looking at the paper decorations Cas had hung on the wall of their dorm room. Cas glanced at Dean and tilted his head in mild surprise.
Dean nodded in understanding, before Charlie clapped him on the shoulder. “C’mon, let’s head to the Novak’s place.”
Anna then slapped her hands together and laughed. “And we siblings can be the soulmate hunting team! I’d be glad to help my big bro and little bro find their soulmates!”
He didn’t know what to say.
“Bitch.”
Humans were always intriguing to watch, a fact he had reached after years of living amongst them. They were complicated things, varying in their motivations, goals and actions. Emotions were another thing entirely. Even after spending time as a human himself and becoming a father, Castiel still found emotions a difficult thing to grasp. They were perplexing, difficult to recognize or wrap his head around.
“You look like Halloween threw up all over you.” Dean remarked, and instead of frowning, Charlie laughed.
Gabriel took a bite of his waffles and took a moment to think. Part of him actually
The worksheet they were given was a rather simple one, so both Andy and Sam finished it rather quickly. Before Andy could say something else to Sam, though, Sam got a tap on his shoulder from someone else.
"Yes." Dean called. "I'll be out in a minute."
“Anywhere. Surprise me.”
“Sam! Dean! I didn't realize we shared a lunch period.”
“Now, there’s one rule y’all should know about being in my car.” Dean announced, clicking away at his phone as he chose a playlist. “Sammy knows this well. Driver picks the music-“
“I’m very particular.” Cas explained, looking at one of the posters. “Everything has to be just so. That's why my stuff is always neat.”
Gabriel was the next person downstairs. His hair was a mess and his eyes were tired, and on his face rested an irritated expression, clearly from Lucifer banging his fists against Gabriel’s door. Apparently Gabriel had gotten up after Lucifer threatened to replace all his candy with fruit.
“Good morning Dean! It's time to wake up, school starts at 8:30!”
"Yeah well I call dibs!"
“Yep. Home.”
“Because I met them. While I was drunk. At the party.” Dean took a bite out of the sandwich he had packed. “And I don’t remember who they were.”
Sam turned to look at Bobby, then unexpectedly hugged him with all he had. “Thank you Bobby.” Sam whispered, and Bobby smiled as Sam said this.
“Oh guys, hey! We put about thirty new songs into the playlist,” Michael began, pointing to the screen of the computer, which displayed a YouTube playlist accurately titled ‘September Party Playlist’, “If you two want to edit anything, you can.”
Dean walked out of the dorm and headed to his classes, meeting up with his friend Benny on the way, who he had met while getting lunch in his second week of college.
Before Cas or Gabriel could reply, Lucifer appeared out of nowhere behind them. “How’s the playlist coming along?”
By the time I upload this it'll be May 3rd but Happy Birthday to Sam Winchester! Have a new chapter in celebration!
“You don’t even compare to Lucifer,” Michael assured Cas, “One time, he downed two whole bottles of beer, started head banging to beethoven and dry humped a wall. Kissing some stranger is pretty tame, compared to that.”
Also, slight trigger warning for mentions of abuse/description of scars. Also also, Cas's past will be explored a bit in later chapters, but until around chapter 7, the story will be more from Dean's perspective.
~~~~~
“I’ll keep that in mind.”
Dean took Cas’s hand and shook it. “Dean Winchester.”
Sam just shook his hand. “Nothing wrong with getting work done quick, right? Saying you can work fast isn’t really bragging, unless you make a big show about it.”
“I’m just sayin’.”
“Castiel, how have you been? How’s college suiting you?” The woman, who Dean presumed to be Cas’s mother, asked.
By the time the clock struck 11pm, he had already managed to avoid most of the party by staying in a relatively quiet part of the backyard. By midnight, he was hiding out on the second floor, eating cookies and praying no drunk person found him or threw up on him.
Of course, his luck streak couldn’t last, as he discovered when a very drunk boy with light colored hair bumped into him. The short boy looked up at Sam, and a drunken grin spread across his face.
Gabriel was the first to take a glance at the playlist, his eyes scrolling over the numerous songs in the playlist. “Make sure you add ‘Living Dead Girl’. Lucifer goes nuts over that song. And I wouldn’t put Devil Devil in, it's a pretty quiet song for the most part. Not good for a big party.”
"Hey, Dean. Can I ask you something?" She asked, her head tilting to the side a bit, just like how Cas's would. Seemed that the head tilt was something that ran in the family.
“You ready to go?” Cas asked when they finally met up after two hours of shopping. Dean glanced at him and nodded. “Alright. Let's go.”
Dean nodded, and went to the bathroom to take a shower. When he was done, he got dressed while Cas took a shower. By the time he finished getting dressed, his phone buzzed with a text from Charlie.
“Sammy!” Dean exclaimed, a smile spreading across his face. “Hey, what’s up?”
“Alright! Alright! I’m up!” Dean cried, holding his hands up in surrender. Bobby gave a small huff before shoving a shirt in Dean’s face.
"Poptarts are perfectly good breakfast food, Dean." Cas replied, taking a bite of the poptart.
not attract attention.
“I’m going with Gabriel.” Said Balthazar, setting down his fork onto an empty plate. “I don't really wanna go with either of them, but Gabriel has better taste in music. All Lucifer listens to is hard rock.”
Jess raised her brows and gave an amused huff. “Really? What’s your lunch period?”
“Yeah, I haven't forgotten. What time will it be, 4 or 4:30?”
“Sixth.”
"What's your major?" Charlie asked, tilting her head slightly. "Mine's Computer Science."
Amara was the only one to refuse cake, but everyone else eventually got a slice and the cake was gone before anyone could get a second piece. Regardless, Gabriel still tried to beg for a second slice and even attempted to steal a small piece of Lucifer’s slice, prompting Lucifer to whack him over the head with a paper plate- something that wasn't necessarily all that bad, but Lucifer always found a way to let his wrath out with anything in his possession.
Sam turned to glance at her. “Oh, what math do you have?”
Apparently, everyone besides Cas and Balthazar had eaten by that time, so while Cas and Balthazar ate their birthday breakfasts, Becky turned on one of their favorite movies- Megamind.
“French 1, with Mr. Anthony. You?”
Dean’s breath became shakier as he struggled to find the words. Still, Cas watched him, patient, expectant, waiting for what was to come.
“It’s not ‘aw’, Charlie. I’m straight!”
“Yes, I like her, she’s a good therapist. I guess I’m just still adjusting to the visits.”
“I trust you will, boy.” Bobby said, then he gave a nod as he disappeared back into the kitchen.
Dean tilted his head inquisitively. “What is it?”
“Charlie!” Exclaimed Sam, but Charlie was already gone with Jo to the second floor, completely out of sight.
About half an hour had passed when Dean finally tired of exploring the new house (for now). When he sat by the front door, Bobby yelled for Sam. Sam, who had been exploring the basement, ran towards Bobby's voice, eventually finding his way to the foyer.
“Just what?”
“Not at all, it's just surprising you’re being quiet.”
Gabriel brings donuts, Dean gives Charlie a necklace and Cas takes Dean christmas shopping
Charlie seemed to notice the expression on Dean’s face, and she tilted her head, a confused expression of her own crossing her face. “Dean? Are you okay?”
“Ah, Mr. Winchester. You’re in this seat,” she pointed towards a seat in the third row, “Right next to Ms. Bradbury. I trust that you two will get along.”
Bobby helped Sam pack all of his stuff to move in with him, all while Dean packed his things to move into his new dorm. Sam finished packing everything an hour later, and by then Dean was also finished packing his things. Dean had told the landlord he was moving out a week prior, so he went to talk again to the landlord to officially say he was moving out, while Bobby took Sam to his place so Sam could officially move in. Sam couldn't be happier to move in with Bobby, after all, Bobby had been the one to care for both Sam and Dean after they fled their abusive father. Bobby was the main reason Dean had chosen this town in particular, and stayed in Kansas, rather than running off to California or even Hawaii, to get as far away from his dad as possible.
"Hey, hey…" Cas reached behind Dean, slowly rubbing circles down his back.
"Dean…?" Castiel called. The room was dark, blinds drawn. As he approached Dean's bedside, he noted about a week's worth of empty takeout containers, dishes, and junk food wrappers covering the floor.
"Sam, what’s going on… Is everything okay over there?"
"Ok! I'm on my way over. I should be there in the next 30 minutes,"
"It sounds like you've been having a tough time lately. Did something happen?" Castiel was trying to be as patient as possible. He knew that any trace of negativity in his voice could trigger Dean to shut down entirely. This was not the first depressive episode Castiel had witnessed in their short time together.
Dean paused briefly, getting lost in Castiel's oh so blue eyes before answering.
"Why don't you dig in Sam, and I'll go check in with him," Castiel reassured, heading upstairs.
"Cooking homework!" Castiel explained as he transferred the colorfully mismatched containers to Sam.
Dean looked up at his boyfriend as an intense blush spread throughout his cheeks. Conscientiously, he tried to chew slower and swallow his food instead of choking it down.
"Nope, probably won't be back until late this weekend either," Sam assured.
"Thanks, Cas!"
Sam looked from his homework at the sound of Castiel on the stairs.
"I'm glad you are enjoying it. There's plenty more, and its fairly low in calories! I got the recipe from your Nutritionist."
Cas stalled outside of Dean's room, thinking back to the last time he had seen his boyfriend. It had only been a week ago, just before Cas had moved, Dean had seemed in good enough spirits then. Cas knocked gently on the door before entering.
"You have to remember to slow down, sweetheart.”
Dean had subsequently been hospitalized for three months. Castiel had pooled his resources and found an out-of-state facility specializing in both Eating Disorders and Self Harm. Though the transition had been hard on everyone, Dean had committed to the program. With the help of a good therapist, antidepressants, and a fairly rigid meal plan, things had really improved. Dean had been back home with Cas for two weeks now, and so far things seemed to have stabilized.
"This looks great, Cas!" A smile flickered across Sam's face as he reached out to receive the dishes before remembering the reason for Castiel's visit.
A knock at the door quickly pulled Dean from his darkening thoughts. He wiped his eyes and spun around to see Castiel entering the room.
Oh yeah, this was a close contender with the mountain trail trance for sure.
) and settle beside him, running soft fingers through the hair on his forehead. “Deeper and deeper, Dean.”
“You do look trancey,” Castiel agreed. “You look drowsy, and dreamy, and sleepy.” His voice had taken on the soft tones that he reserved for inductions, something that Dean had been waiting for all night. “And so incredibly relaxed.”
“the deeper I go… so good, so good…” Dean had practically turned it into a mantra at this point, biting his lip as Castiel swiped a thumb over his nipple. “s-soo… so good…!” He was openly panting now, mouth opened in the shape of an
“Ohmy… deeper and deeper…” he gasped.
“Good… so good, Dean.” Castiel leaned forward and pressed soft lips to Dean’s temple. “Start counting for me, Dean…”
“You go deeper.”
as he shuddered and bucked and clutched while Castiel played with him. “…god, fuck, Cas, please…”
Castiel beamed. “And after a while, if you find that you’re so deep and relaxed that you simply can’t remember what number comes next, that’s okay too. Because when you get to that point, when you simply are too deep and sleepy and relaxed to remember what number you are on… then and only then will you go ahead and slip into a deep sleep for me. Do you think you can do that, Dean? Can you count down into a nice, deep sleep for me?”
He swayed at Castiel’s voice. With the effort of an entire army Dean focused his eyes on his partner’s face. It was fuzzy around the edges, but he could see that Castiel had taken off his trench coat and left it folded at the foot of the bed. He could make out the soft look in his eyes, his pleased smile. Dean couldn’t help but give him a dopey grin of his own. “…hi…” he hummed.
He kept staring at the light as he tried to figure out where to go from there. Should he start a sort of hypnotic monologue? Try to talk himself down into trance? Keep staring and hope that he would eventually just get mentally exhausted enough and zone out?
He could hear footsteps approaching the bed. He felt the mattress dip. He couldn’t bring himself to move. Another deep sigh shuddered out of him.
“You are getting sleepy~” Dean said jokingly to the empty room. “…or is it
into the deepeners. Sometimes the both of them would entirely forget about the erotic and sexy side of trance and just explore how deep Dean could go under hypnosis. Castiel could literally go on for hours, talking his partner through what could only be called full experiences. Dean remembered one in particular, where Castiel talked Dean through an extremely detailed hike down a mountain trail, describing every last sight he saw and explaining how every step down the path deepened his state of trance. It was probably the most profound state of hypnosis he had ever experienced. To this day, Dean couldn’t fully explain what he had seen or felt during that session—he could only give a silly grin and start spouting adjectives whenever Castiel asked about it.
) touched him where he wanted him to.
“And the more pleasure you feel?”
“What would you for like me to do, Dean?”
Dean was also glad. He gasped and lazily bucked his hips against Castiel’s leg, where it was positioned between his own. This deep in trance Dean really didn’t have a lot of coordination with his body, sometimes barely able to even gather enough energy to make a fist. Often, he just let Castiel maneuver his body however he wished, either with his hands or with a soft-spoken command. Tonight, however, Dean was worked up enough to roll his hips clumsily and press open-mouthed kisses against Castiel’s neck. He let out a quiet moan. “Cas…”
Dean didn’t answer at first. Couldn’t answer. He was busy trying to move his body in all the ways he wanted to, but the sleepy lassitude of the trance relaxed him enough that he was barely able to do more than twitch. It had taken practically all his remaining strength to keep clutching at Castiel’s shoulders, and his brain power was less focused on properly responding to the question and more towards how it all felt so fucking
. Dean tuned back in to feel Castiel’s soft, rumbling voice wash over him. “…floating in a hot spring. All that warm water lapping over your muscles letting you drift. All that warm, wonderful steam filling your lungs with each breath. Filling your whole body with warmth and relaxation. Feeling all of your muscles, all of your bones just turning loose and lax. Feeling how nice it is to listen to my voice, feel your body rocking back… and forth… back… and forth… and just sinking into that trance like nothing else matters at all… because it doesn’t, Dean. Nothing matters right now except for this feeling of bliss and relaxation. This deep, warm feeling of pure sleep. This heavy, quiet feeling of hypnosis…”
Dean nodded, feeling the words starting to sink into his mind. “Yeah…”
And for one last time—at least for tonight—Dean allowed himself to melt back into the warm, quiet darkness, surrounded only by Cas’ arms.
“Then I’m Jamie Hyneman, because I’m the better looking one.”
Dean’s moan turned into a howl of pure bliss as he felt himself tip over into orgasm. He clutched desperately at Castiel’s shoulders and buried his face in the crook of his neck as he felt his climax start at the very tip of his cock and spread through the entirety of his body; shooting up to his scalp, a burst of fireworks from the impact in his skull as it showered down his neck, his chest, tingling down to his fingers and melting into the tips of his toes. He bore down hard into Castiel’s hand, feeling his dick throb and twitch, once, twice, three times as he came
Castiel started to stroke faster, grinding his hips hard into Dean’s leg. He captured his lips in a sloppy, open-mouthed kiss. Dean could barely respond, too busy moaning and bucking and falling backwards into hypnosis and headfirst into his climax. Castiel ran his thumb over Dean’s cockhead at the top of each stroke, his movements growing desperate. He was close, perhaps just behind Dean. “So good for me, Dean. So good for me, my good boy, you can come. Come for me Dean, come, come, come…”
touching his dick despite how much he wanted to go ahead and get primed. No, right now wasn’t about him getting all hot and bothered (but he wasn’t opposed to it). This was an experiment first, possibly sexy-foray into bone-town second. Dean wouldn’t be able to concentrate on the task at hand if he became overexcited. Although there was certainly
Speaking of, he tuned back to the words Castiel was whispering. “You just keep sinking into the warm, quiet dark of your mind. My voice guides you deeper and deeper down as you feel everything just fall, fall, fall away into nothing. You’re floating in a sea of pure bliss and it feels so good.” Another warm stroke on his cheek. “Nothing can bother you here—no matter how stressful the real world is you know you can always melt down into this state of trance and let it all just drift away. You can just listen to my voice and let it bring you back into this wonderful, deep state of hypnosis. Isn’t that right, Dean?”
"To Kansas City, to look for Dean" Castiel returned, firm and determined.
Darkness absorbed him and everything around him dissipated
He watched the house looking for a way out and without realizing his gaze stopped at the door of the bathroom. He remember that he had already been there, he had a vague memory about it.
"Dean ..." he whispered to no one in particular, and no one answered him.
Dean barely shook his head and after a few seconds the Alpha got up and went to the room and brought some blankets that he put near Dean.
"Do you feel better? I have creams that are very good, if you let me ..."
He ran down the route to get to the airport to find out that there were no flights leaving within four hours for Kansas City, which made him even more nervous. By the time he arrived in the city, Dean had probably already arrived, had already been introduced to the System, and was already one more Omega among many others. And even worse, he was closer to getting back with Alastair.
He tried to ignore those marks to focus on the task at hand. He unfastened the jeans’ belt and opened the zipper. He looked up at the Omega, hoping to see his reaction, but instead he found that the boy had his eyes closed, and was too pale.
"I want to help you find ... your brother. It is your brother that you are looking for, right?" Castel asked.
"Boy, the Omegas who betray their race and flee their Alphas are marked so that they never forget their mistake again. You will carry this mark for the rest of your life, and I personally like to call it the mark of Cain." He finished his speech satisfied and removed something that Dean hadn’t seen before from the fire. A long black iron.
He uncovering his shoulder to show Alastair's bite. It was a scar that didn't look old, but recent, thanks to the fact that Alastair used to renew it every two years to reaffirm his ownership. He did not like the brand to fade over time.
"I understand, but you understand that buying Dean is not just buying an Omega, right? You are going to buy an Omega by legal means, that means that you are going to have to marry him, with papers and everything."
"Dean ..." Castiel started to move closer, but seeing Dean tense in place, he stayed where he was. "You don't have to offer anything. I did this for you because I wanted to. I don't expect anything in return."
Castiel could smell the scent of fear that came from the Omega, and he was displeased not being able to figure out what to do to make him feel more comfortable and safe.
Dean heard the question but ignored it. He could not reply, he could not mention his brother. He prayed that the Alpha will let him go and not insist. He looked away to the bathroom again. He really wanted to go. He needed to take care of his basic needs, wash his face and he wanted to see his ribs. They didn't hurt much unless he moved very fast - then they hurt like hell. they looked like hell.
"I need you to understand that I did not call the System" Castiel repeated and this time Dean listened to him. He looked up slowly until he was looking into the beautiful eyes of the Alpha in front of him.
Castiel stopped, rooted to the spot. He stared at the Omega with his head bowed and his back bent. He was in a posture of obedience.
"Dean, you're in Columbus."
Chapter 10
"We can do something with that" Castiel stood up, smiling, suddenly relieved that the Omega had finally communicated with him.
"Charlie ..."
Dean swallowed hard. He took his trembling hands off the table and wrapped them around his body.
"Shut up," he scolded him.
"I want to find my brother. I have to, ”Dean whispered.
"No, please, I didn't run away" the Omega tried to defend himself, knowing that it  was in vain.
He dropped the shirt down and turned to open the door. Outside the Alpha was waiting for him, leaning against the bathroom wall, and he smiled when Dean appeared.
He dragged a couple of steps towards his car blue but before they could get too close, others came to help Dean.
Luego, entró en su apartamento y se dejó caer en el sofá. Quería preparar algo de comer para Dean, tal vez sopa con muchas verduras, pero dormiría un par de horas antes de hacer algo. Necesitaba cargar sus baterías. Algo le decía que cuando se despierte, no será un día fácil.
When his flight was announced Charlie already had his ticket purchased and the two walked towards the boarding area. The afternoon chill greeted them as they emerged from inside the air-conditioned building. The wind shook his clothes, and Castiel tightened his jacket as they stripped away the distance with the plane.
“We will, I promise we will. Once you’ll be  here, away from the System, and away from Alastair, I will help you find your brother. We will do it together. I promise. ”
And the corridor was long, putting distance between the inside of the Official Omegas Facilities and its reception room, which seemed like a four-star hotel in comparison, only gray, and lackluster, where everyone's footsteps echoed.
Gabriel lifted his head. “Your hair’s black. And your eyes are…” Gabriel suddenly swore to himself. “Shit! I can see colors too!”
He and Sam walked together to lunch, but to their surprise, saw Charlie also walking to lunch. When they cried out for her, she wheeled around and faced them.
Dean hummed, then stood up and looked at Cas. "Alright. When will we go?"
Dean laughed. “Yeah, everyone's a critic.”
he thought.
Dean got out of the shower a few minutes later, wrapped himself in a towel and got dressed into a clean set of clothes.
It's finally Halloween. Charlie talks to Dean about sexuality and manages to tag along to the Novak Halloween party Dean and Cas are going to. Dean meets Cas's siblings
“Yeah.”
“So far, Asylum. But Hotel is my second favorite.”
Sam nodded and ducked out of his brother’s room, closing the door politely. Sam then glanced briefly at his own closed, plain bedroom door before heading downstairs. He had already taken a shower, gotten dressed and fixed his hair. All that was left was for him to eat breakfast and pack up his school things into his backpack. Well, and to brush his teeth, but he figured he could do that
“Trickster?”
Cas nodded in understanding, sensing the topic wasn't one to press any further. "Well, I'll try to have some dinner ready by the time you get back. I don't cook as good as you, but I can cook."
“It was in an episode of Hawaii Five O. Oh, on that note, add the song Out of Control by Switchfoot. It's a rock song, Lucifer will like it.”
Cas's other cat, a bombay cat named Nox, meowed in disapproval at Gemini. Cas just sighed and tore his bedsheets off of himself, sitting up on his dark colored bed. He walked over and picked Gemini up, startling a
In the end, it was 19-18, Charlie just barely stealing the win. She laughed and clapped her hands in response, while Dean just groaned.
was blue.”
She grinned and shrugged her shoulders absentmindedly. “Yeah. I’m just really quick at doing work, I guess.” She gave a small laugh before glancing at Sam, some new emotion wavering in her eyes. “Oh, I don’t mean to brag, in any way.”
Andy shook his head. “Nah. I moved here in February, so I don't know much.”
“You know sign?”
“Winchester? Like the Winchester Mystery House in California?”
When Cas awoke to yelling on Monday morning, he didn't really think much of it. With Lucifer and Gabriel in the house, yelling was commonplace- at least in the morning, due to their completely opposite habits. (Lucifer being an early bird who loathed lateness, and Gabriel being a night owl who loathed being up early)
“Just hide out in a bathroom if you need, bro, okay? And try not to drink anymore. You’re gonna end up passing out, or hooking up with someone and regretting it.”
Michael lifted his head and turned to stare at Cas and Gabriel. A bit skeptical, he walked over to the two of them. “Okay then, Cas what’s my eye color?”
Rowena’s son grumbled slightly but followed her inside, signaling for his son to follow him, and Chuck closed the door behind them.
“Well, if you do move out, you can always live with me in the summer.” Bobby offered. Dean smiled at the offer.
And then Cas finally felt the Empty. They knew when it was there, felt the shiver in their entire being. Cas pulled Dean in tighter, deepening the kiss and putting just about every emotion he had into it, before wordlessly shoving Dean back. Dean hit the floor and stared up at him with watering eyes, and Cas smiled back as the Empty finally appeared.
The employee pointed to a section in the back right. Dean thanked him and walked over to the assortment of books, letting his eyes drift over them. There were guides, textbooks and even a few fictional stories, which had obviously been taken from a different section and misplaced. It took Dean a few minutes before his eyes finally landed on one, and he grabbed it. It was a guide for future lawyers or something like that, so Dean figured it’d be good for Sam.
Unfortunately for them, the Novak family loved birthdays, and liked to make a big deal out of birthdays. And so, the Novaks gathered around and sang loudly as Cas and Balthazar stood very awkwardly, silently begging to be anywhere else. Lucifer and Gabriel especially got a kick out of it, being dramatic as all hell and ending the song with dramatic solos. Balthazar and Cas couldn't wait to repay the favor at Gabriel’s birthday party.
Dean very quickly regretted his decision to stay up until 3 am on Christmas Eve.
Dean nodded. “Yeah. I love their music.”
“Yeah, just…” Dean’s voice trailed off, his eyes instead glancing around the room, taking in all the colors.
“Fourth period, Ms. MacLeod.”
“How are you not drunk, Balth?” Cas questioned, trying to focus his eyes on his twin brother’s face.
Dean nodded, lowering his head. “Thank you Charlie.”
Dean nearly burst into tears hearing that. After years of abuse from his dad, and years of going hungry, he had gotten used to the ache he felt whenever he didn't eat; he had gotten used to the feeling that no adult would care for him. Instead, determined to not cry, Dean bit his lip and nodded. “Thank you Bobby.” He whispered, his voice shaky. Bobby shook his head and placed a hand on Dean’s shoulder.
Dean, to no surprise, finished his burger first, and got up to wash his plate once he was finished. Cas finished eating two minutes after Dean, and he washed his plate too.
When the alarm on his phone went off, it tore Dean out of his tender dream and into the harsh reality of morning. He fumbled for his phone, muttering to himself as his fingers finally clasped onto the small device and he frantically turned the wailing alarm off. With a huff, he rolled onto his back, stared at his ceiling and sighed.
“Oh guys, these are my new friends, Sam and Dean Winchester. Sam and Dean, these are my friends Jo and Benny.”
After adorning a pair of jeans and his regular, everyday shoes, Dean finally emerged from his bedroom at 7:35 am.
“Woah. You have… really pretty eyes.” The boy slurred, “They’re like a... uh… hazel color.”
“You have to admit it’s worth a try.”
Should he close his eyes or stare at something? The wall, a spiral, or should he hold out a pocket watch for himself? Did he even
That was… different. Definitely different.
“Deeper down…”
“Cas, please…” Dean turned and buried his nose in Castiel’s collarbone, inhaling his scent and exhaling his own hot, wet breath with each grunt and moan. “oh my f… fucking god, so good… so good… so, oh, so good… so guuhh!”
Dean let out a low hum and moved his head in a small nod. He felt utterly comfortable here, curled on Castiel’s chest as he drifted. Wrung out and drained, but so,
Dean absolutely did
Dean’s neck went loose and wobbly as Castiel rocked him. He eventually settled on letting his head thump down on Castiel’s shoulder, letting out yet another deep, relaxed breath. “N… ni… ninety…” He felt the heavily gummed up gears of his brain working against him, telling him to simply give up and sink. But he wanted to try. “ninety… one…?”
He swallowed and returned to reality, giving Castiel a somewhat less-than-casual nod. “Sure, that’s how we always do it.”
And Castiel would get
to be naked, but the first step of getting hypnotized was to get comfortable, and what could be more comfortable than his birthday suit? That’s what he told himself, at least. He sat leaning up against the pillows near the headboard on top of the blankets, ankles crossed and hands on his lap, resolutely
loss. He knew the basics of a hypnotic induction from all the other times he had been put under; but his knowledge of hypnotic inductions came from the perspective of the subject, not the hypnotist. It wasn’t like he really payed close attention to how Castiel framed his progression from induction to trance, and Castiel all but refused to give him directions on how to put himself in trance. ‘
made a point to ask it during these sessions. It was a check-in to make sure Dean was feeling comfortable, or if something needed to be addressed before continuing. But was safety thing more than anything, ensuring that Dean was still comfortable with what they were doing in a session and where they might go next. He could tell Castiel if he wanted to stay in trance or be woken up, what he wanted Castiel to talk about; whether he wanted to shift focus from this lazy, drifting trance to what could end up being
Castiel’s smile softened into a smug look (that over-confident bastard). “See, every time we play together like this, I’m the one that drops you into trance, correct? I’m the one that talks you through how nice it feels for your arms to grow too heavy for your shoulders. Or how your mind starts to feel a nice, warm fuzz start to settle over your thoughts. Or how your eyes can’t quite seem to stay focused on my face, or the spot on the wall, or the spirals I like to show you…”
“I…” Dean had to swallow before he could continue. “I fall…”
“That’s right, Dean. Deeper and deeper.” Castiel scraped his nails through his hair. He felt his eyes flutter lightly at the sensation. God, everything Castiel did felt amazing, he made Dean feel so
Dean felt the tears trickling down his face as he shuddered, a soft whimper leaving his chest as he buried his face into Castiel’s brick-wall of a chest and tried to breathe. He let himself feel the overpowering wave of sadness and gave in to it. His shoulders shook with his sobs as he listened to Castiel’s voice and let the tones wash over his body. The larger man’s hand kept stroking gently in his hair, a soothing gesture that served to ground his body to the simple motion. Castiel kept murmuring quiet praise and soothing nothings to Dean. He let the tears soak into his shirt as Dean sniffled and wept quietly against him.
“He’s not a big fan of soulmates,” Sam interrupted, as Charlie stared at Dean, perplexed. “He thinks by having a soulmate, you’re pretty much tied down to that person.”
Dean nodded, his lips moving briefly. He paused, and suddenly, the slightest hint of fear glimmered behind his eyes. Dean’s eyes flickered and he bit his lip, almost as if he were trying to stop himself from saying something. He then quickly turned and headed to the dining room, plate in hand. Bobby immediately noticed and some unidentifiable look formed in his eyes, but he shook his head and just turned to fix himself some breakfast. Sam, however, glanced solemnly at Dean, who walked quickly and silently to the dining room. The memories of their biological father filled his mind, of the moments when John would give out an order or any sort of command, and how Dean would immediately stiffen and reply with a “yes sir.” How robotic he’d become. How robotic and soldier-like he’d been trained to be.
"A water." Cas droned, closing the door of the bathroom. Dean nodded and poured a glass of water, stuck three ice cubes in it and set it on the table, then went back to fixing his omelette. By the time he was done, Cas was out of the shower and dressed in his usual outfit. He took the glass of water and drank half of it, then began eating his omelette as soon as Dean placed it on the table in front of Cas. "Mm, this is delicious." Cas commented, shoving a forkful of the omelette into his mouth.
“I’ll get out of here if you need me to.” Dean offered, but the first boy shook his head.
Cas had his doubts, but he kept quiet and pushed the cart into the next aisle.
“It’s great, Mom. I always have a ton of work to do, though.”
“That is true. I guess it
"A friend? That's so good, Sam!" Dean cried. "I'm proud of you."
"Sure, as long as I can bring my brother with me."
Other than the TV, there wasn't much noise. It seemed as though anyone who was in the house were in their rooms, not making much noise.
It was not even half an hour after Dean left when Cas heard the familiar roar of his brother’s van become louder outside his dorm room. Cas smiled and grabbed his trench coat, tugging it on before he ran outside to greet his brother.
“Luci’s just being really loud.” Jack confessed, walking into Cas’s room. Cas pushed the door closed behind Jack. “And I feel sick. And my head hurts.”
Dean’s moan choked off into a sudden gasp, his hands flying up to grab at Castiel’s shoulders despite how loose his muscles had been only seconds before. He ground his hips into his partner’s hand as hard as he could and shook with both the effort and sensation. “Ohfuck…!” he cried. His eyes screwed even more tightly closed.
"I was behind." Sam admitted, a hint of shyness in his voice. "Everyone else started on Thursday of last week, so I was behind. But I made a friend! His name's Andy, and he's cool."
Becky nodded. “Alright. I took the day off of work, so I’ll be home today if you need anything.”
"Nah, it isn't that cool," she replied, "there's a lot of cooler aspirations. My mom hounded me for wanting to work with computers. She wanted me to do medicine, which is what most people in my family do."
Thankfully for the both of them, no one seemed to be paying attention.
"Alright. I'll talk to you this afternoon, how about that? At 6 pm."
As the trio walked into the aquarium and paid, Dean continued to strike up a conversation with Anna. "What's your major?"
“Say, Balth, do you remember anything, like possibly seeing Cas’s soulmate?” Anna inquired.
When Cas walked in, the attention of one of the people inside was caught, and they yelled Cas’s name. That caught the attention of everyone else in the house (which came to a grand total of seven people) and soon Cas was surrounded by people who were hugging him.
Dean stood up suddenly, and began sifting through the small amount of clothes he had. "My brothers name is Sam."
"Anna, this is my roommate, Dean Winchester."
Cas heaved the five bags he was carrying and began to speedwalk towards the Impala. Dean dug the keys out of his pocket and unlocked the car, holding the door open for Cas. Cas ducked his head and began stuffing his bags into the car.
Dean nodded. “Yeah, I know. First place Sam and I’ll head will be the main office, if we can find it.”
"Well, I assume we both have classes at 8:30 this morning, so I'd suggest getting up and getting ready." Cas mused, walking to the cabinet full of clothes he had unpacked. He grabbed a trench coat and a few other clothing items, and went into the bathroom to get dressed, while Dean attempted to get up and out of bed. Suddenly, his phone rang, and the caller ID read 'Bobby'.
The girl smiled, waving her hand. “It’s fine. I know how guys can be with their food.” She let out a small laugh, tilting her head as her dark eyes studied Dean’s face. “Are you new? I don’t think I’ve seen you before.”
Cas briefly inspected the cup, but, rational thought be damned, he downed the whole thing and stumbled forwards.
Cas nodded again.
As he shucked his black AC/DC shirt off, a knock came at his door.
The day passed pleasantly. After cake, Cas had opened an orchestra of cards, most with simple messages written in them. Dean had then insisted on putting on a movie, proclaiming they could ignore the world for a day to celebrate Castiel.
“Hi. My name’s Sam, Sam Winchester. What's yours?”
Dean pursed his lips and fiddled with his phone, searching for a song to play on the ride to school. “They always seem to last longer than I want them to, though.” His fingers finally landed on a tasteful song- Immigrant Song by Led Zeppelin- and he placed his phone in the cup holder as the music began to play.
That was Castiel. That was who they were. No longer was he that stone cold angel who took orders without even blinking, who raised a blade and swung it down onto thousands just from a simple command. Dean had changed them.
~~~~~
“Yeah, wh-“ Sam suddenly stopped himself, though thankfully not suspiciously. He quickly regretted his slip of the tongue, however, when he saw how Charlie’s face lit up.
"You sure are." Bobby replied with slight traces of a smile on his lips as he scanned both boys excited faces. "This is gonna be your house, from now until whenever you two move out."
“And here I thought having just Sam was bad enough!” Dean joked. Sam almost immediately slapped him. “Hey! Ow!”
And for some strange reason, that small little remark made Castiel smile. And it was that moment that Cas realized, he was falling in love.
Dean sighed, putting his fork down. "My mom died when I was a toddler. My dad, he's.... Well, I don't really know where he is anymore. I haven't talked to him in months."
Sam bit back a laugh as he instead opted to just smile. “Well, the day will be over soon enough. Mondays never last too long.”
~~~~~
Not long after Charlie sat down, the professor stood up and started the daily lecture. Dean put his chin in his hand and twirled his pen around in his hand. Charlie began to doodle swirls on her paper with a red fine tip pen, a small smile on her face. Dean was happy to see her smile. It had been a few days.
“Thanks for understanding, Dean.” Sam replied, his voice a bit nervous. “I didn’t want to upset you.”
Dean paused for a moment, before looking back at Charlie and contemplating. “Your hair’s red.”
The fourth monday of college started off as any other monday did: alarms blaring at 7:30 in the morning. Dean hated the alarms, as he had never been good with waking up. Nevertheless, he woke up at the first alarm every single day, and always got up without much verbal complaint. As Dean brushed his teeth, he heard the somewhat familiar clatter of plates, signaling that Cas was eating breakfast.
“What time is it?” Cas groaned, rubbing at his eyes to try and wake himself up.
“I think you mean gay to the point.” Charlie replied, pulling out a pin. She handed the pin to Dean, which had the rainbow flag with an equal sign on it. “Take it. I want you to have it. And if you struggle with your sexuality, tell me. I beat myself up over it for months when I was younger. I don’t want you going through that.”
“What is it?” Dean questioned, glancing skeptically at Charlie, who held her hand over her mouth to stop herself from laughing.
“Dean you can see colors?” Sam cried, staring at his brother in shock. “So- so you met your soulmate? When?”
Cas’s door was thrown wide open by Hannah, who stood confidently in the doorway with a card in hand. Behind her stood Balthazar and Claire, smiles on their faces.
Balthazar seemed to catch the confused expression that was surely spreading across Cas’s face. “Cas? Bro, you good?”
“Nightmare.” Cas murmured, sighing as Dean ran a hand through his raven black hair. Dean wound his fingers through locks of Cas’s soft, silky hair, rubbing softly at Cas’s scalp as Cas leaned into the touch.
“She’s in the lunch line.” Dean replied, nodding his head towards the lunch line. Jo turned her head and pursed her lips.
By the time they got back home, Lucifer was already in full party-planning mode. Yes, the party was tomorrow, and yes, Lucifer still had plenty of time to actually decorate, but try telling that to him. As far as he was concerned, there was never enough time to decorate; any minute not spent planning and prepping was a minute wasted to him.
charge. Even if that so-called title had dissipated years ago, it hadn’t yet in Cas’s mind. Dean was his. And his life was nothing without him.
Dean then made his way to the cash register, where an employee stood. They grabbed the book and scanned it diligently, not even looking up as they did so. When the scanner beeped, they looked up at the total, and then held out their hand. “21.30”
His phone buzzed almost immediately with a
Charlie nodded and smiled happily. “Wouldn’t want you too uncomfortable, Dean.”
Charlie just nodded her head, seemingly unfazed. “Yep. He’s the oldest of the Novak siblings. Rumor is he got held back, but of course that's a confirmed rumor since he’s still here. He should have graduated in May.” She tossed a french fry into her mouth before continuing. “He’s the older brother of The Trickster, Gabriel Novak.”
Regardless, he followed Dean and Charlie outside to the Impala, as the latter hopped in the backseat and allowed Sam to ride shotgun.
"Hey! I want the master bedroom!" Dean yelled back, running up the stairs with fervor.
have the Jurassic Park DVD, as promised. Who wants to watch it?”
“Or that he’s just ridiculously charming when he wants to be.” Jo suggested. “I was in debate with him last year. He won a lot of arguments in there. Granted, he was very ridiculous, but still very persuasive.”
“Mhm.” Charlie nodded feverently. “Her name’s Gilda, and she’s really really pretty. And she’s a senior, apparently.”
“What did you say, Dean?”
“327, 327…. ah! There it is.” Exclaimed Dean aloud as he spotted his first class.
Sure enough, just as Balthazar had promised, there was indeed cookie cake on the kitchen island- it had a decoration of a bunch of balloons with some words that Cas couldn't yet fully discern written in icing.
Dean heard footsteps walk away from the door, indicating Cas had walked off. Dean pulled his jacket on and opened the door, only to see a half awake Cas sitting on the side of his bed, pulling his shirt off to begin changing. Cas glanced over at Dean, and they barely locked eyes before Dean shifted his eyes away.
Dean groaned as he stretched, the relief of stretching his muscles rushing through him. He sighed and then yawned, before turning to face his closet full of clothes.
Before Sam could even acknowledge the comment, Charlie paused her own painting as well and peeked at Sam’s. “Woah, Sam, that is really good! How’d you mesh the colors so well?”
Castiel ran his hand over his forehead, trying to erase that moment that had hurt him so much to see.
He had to leave this place.
Castiel tried to sleep but was unsuccessful, and when it finally seemed that tiredness was going to overcome his thoughts, the arrival of his flight at the Kansas City airport was announced, which reassured him and made him even more nervous.
"You had better let go," he said, firmly, his voice rough. Dean had no doubt that the blood in his body stopped circulating at the sound.
"How long is this?" Dean asked.
"I won’t be able to find my brother ... they ... they will lock me up and then ..." Dean stopped, realizing what that meant. "Afterwards, they will return me to Alastair."
It was a desolate and extremely small place. There was a metal table in the center, just next to it a lit torch. Despite the fire, the place was so cold that it seemed that if they spent there more than an hour, they would freeze.
The Omega’s stomach turned over. He was afraid that, now that there were two Alphas who appeared to want him, he was done for. He knew that nothing could be done to stop them from claiming him. He was nothing more than an Omega without an Alpha, without a collar, subject to anyone, and his actual Alpha was many hours away. No one in this place would mind him being hurt, assaulted, and used.
It was exhausting, it was much more than cleaning a house. But at least it made time pass quickly.
Dean pressed himself closer, he didn't want to show him but he was an Alpha and the alphas rule and the omegas obey. That’s just how it is.
Within seconds of being underwater, the Omega seemed to react, and closed his eyes to open them again, seeming to be aware, again, of where he was.
PS: I don't know if there is a Harry Potter fan here, but I started writing a Dramione <3 fanfic, but it's in Spanish. If someone is interested I can try to find someone to translate it.
The Omega cried as his mind was racing, thinking how close he had come to finding his brother. Now he would never know how old he was, where he lived, what he liked to eat ...
"I don't know, you're right, but I'm sure of something. I'm going to get you out of that place, and away from your Alpha. Alastair, you said his name was, right? ” Castiel asked emphatically.
The man, an Alpha from what Castiel could feel in his scent, raised an eyebrow and adjusted his perfect suit.
He wondered where he was, how far he was from Alastair. Maybe far enough, but he doubted that was true.
The Alpha crossed the distance that separated him from the Omega in two steps, and knelt beside him, placing a hand on his forehead to feel the temperature.
"Ten days." He said, in a cold tone.
Cuando los nervios de Dean finalmente se calmaron, la sangre comenzó a circular normalmente, y sus latidos volvieron a un ritmo aceptable, extendió una mano temblorosa, agarró la botella y bebió casi la mitad. Guardaría el resto para más tarde.
"Ahm… I went back to the station, I still remembered it and wanted to see that it was okay. B-but it wasn't okay, Charlie, he was feverish and if I left him there he was going to die. I couldn't allow that to happen, he was a person, an Omega, yes, but a person ... "
"If you call the System, we’ll have to wait here, and it will take hours. We're already late for the congress," she continued, stroking his arm gently, her very sweet face persuading him to do as she advised.
Pero Castiel dejó la bandeja sobre la cama, con dos platos sobre ella. Regresó a la cocina y regresó con la olla donde tenía la sopa humeante.
"Come on, Castiel!” someone yelled. The second Alpha, the one who’d tried to help him, shifted uncomfortably.
Dean nodded vigorously.
"Sorry, please, don't hurt me ..." he begged, but even he could hear how pathetic and weak his own voice sounded.
I hope you like this and leave me your comments!
Castiel guided Dean to the bed where he covered him up to the neck with blankets, without the omega complaining at all, and he put a wet cloth on his forehead to lower the fever.
The voices and the Alpha on the ground stunned him, but they managed to scare him even more when he realized they were still arguing because of him. He was afraid that someone had already called the System. He wanted to run, but his body and legs would not obey him.
"Are you hurt there?" Asked the Alpha smelling nervous and worried.
"I lived there with my alpha, but he took me with him on a business trip, not far away, two hours by car, a small city, and he left me at the hotel for one afternoon ..."
His arm ached, it was like a constant burning which bothered him and itched, but he tried to ignore it.
And that he did. He waited patiently until the perfect car approached. A man in his seventies, well-dressed,as if he were going to an important place, accompanied by a much younger woman, arrived in a large van. The man opened the rear door of the van, removed something from inside and placed it in the back seat, and then entered the store with the woman. It was the best opportunity, the van wasn’t too far from the gasoline dispensers, he would only have to run there …
Dean whispered the last part, terrified.
Castiel rushed to his feet and the jeans slid carelessly to the floor. He took off the Omega’s shoes and socks and stripped him of all his clothes, to guide him carefully inside the bathtub that was already full.
Dean slid to the ground and closed his eyes. He had no idea what time it was or how long he had been in that place. Or what was worse, how long he would still have to be in that place.
"That's far enough ..." he said measuring his words "is where you come from?"
"Charlie, wait ..." Castiel tried to call because he was sure they shouldn't be entering a hotel. They had sold to find Dean and were to find him. Why wasn't he with Dean?
The Omega tried to turn around again, he wanted to see Castiel again, afraid it would be the last time, but this time a blow to the stomach made him bend in half, and he almost fell to the ground, to his knees. He only hadn't because the Beta officer was still holding him very tightly.
He knew he would never forget him. But everything that had come with that Alpha seemed so distant now. Including his promise. Who takes such a risk for an Omega? Why had he done something like that? Dean couldn't understand it.
He crouched down enough and hurried to eliminate the distance of the van, carefully opened the rear door, and got inside.It was dark and small, but no more uncomfortable than his usual cage, to which he had long ago become accustomed. He knew that he could stand a couple of hours in this place; he just prayed that the man would not open the door again right away.
At school he had been taught that there were different alphas, and the Omega had to be useful and please his alpha in the way that he would like. There were alphas that really did not care for their omegas and Donatello was not one of them. Since he had arrived at the house he had told him where he should sleep, where he should eat and when he should do it.
"Do you like coffee?" Castiel questioned and for a moment smelled annoyed.
He looked down, still with his hand on Dean's shoulder, and while his mind was spinning , his eyes looked at the floor.
"That's it, boy. You already have the mark of Cain on you" Ketch smirked, appearing before the Omega's field of vision.
“I'm going to finish the soup, do you want to go to the bathroom?”
"My Alpha is out," he lied, and it was obvious he did.His dirty and torn clothes gave him away, but more than that, the absence of a collar, and, just as surely, the horrible smell of his fear.
"Dan?" Asked another Omega who was further away, leaning against the wall.
"We have an order to catch this omega." he replied, drily and stiffly. "If you obstruct the System you will be a prisoner."
"Robert's Alpha died. And instead of staying by his side, as he should’ve, he ran away," he explained with disdain.
"One week," Jacob said in return.
Charlie helped him into a taxi, as Castiel began to feel like he was falling apart. I was about to lose all hope. She hadn't seen Dean, she probably wouldn't, and her only chance of her promise being fulfilled lay on a sheet printed with a phone number.
"I used to cook for a restaurant, before being a lawyer" commented the Alpha, in an emotional voice.
Castiel gathered up his things and headed with the other passengers to the exit. But it was difficult to be a person in a hurry among so many slow people, who walked two steps for hours and seemed to be in no rush, so without preamble Castiel began to ask permission and push those who did not move, and Charlie passed him apologizing and saying it was an emergency.
“So you don’t remember them? Who they are, or any of that?”
Anna extended a hand and touched Cas’s arm. Cas wasn’t particularly ashamed of making out
The woman bit her lip in concentration as she scanned her computer screen. “Ah, here you are. Your dorm is room 242, you have a roommate.” The woman printed out Dean’s schedule and handed it to him, along with a map of the dorms. “School starts on the 25th. You’ll need to move in tomorrow.”
Cas woke to the smell of delicious food. When he rose out of bed, Dean cocked his head and smiled. “I was wondering when you’d wake back up.” Dean murmured, standing next to the oven. Cas smiled as well, a sort of adoration filling his eyes as he stared at Dean. He even felt his heart flutter as Dean gave him a smile. Cas didn't know why, but as Dean called him over to eat, Cas shrugged it off.
Cas cocked his head to the side a little, scanning Dean's face. "Alright, if you say so."
“Then help with the playlist.” Michael shot a glance at Gabriel. “No judgement needed.”
“Shall we sing Happy Birthday?” Eileen questioned, signing to Sam. Sam glanced over at Cas and then Dean, the latter of which gave a nod.
Cas nodded in understanding, and Gabriel simply stood in thought for a moment.
“Yeah. I transferred here over the summer. The name’s Dean, Dean Winchester.”
Gabriel and Balthazar, however, both went upstairs, wondering where Lucifer even was. Turns out, he was in his room- as they discovered when they swung his door open.
It was during the movie that a knock came at the door; a loud and modulated knock, as though practiced and done over a thousand times before.
“I don’t really remember anything about the guy,” Balthazar started, wrapping his arms tighter around his brother, “Other than his hair looked to be a medium-ish color, and he was tall.”
Charlie laughed. “Yeah, you could say that again. I personally don’t think I could ever survive having
After the rules came the first activity of the year, a get-to-know-you assignment. It was just a simple sheet where you fill stuff out about yourself, so Dean finished it with ease.
“Oh, no, I don’t mind.” Dean replied, shaking his head. “I’m just working on some chemistry homework.”
The paint was quick to dry, so they only had to wait maybe six minutes to do the next layer. As Sam painted the sunset with ease, Dean glanced at his painting in awe.
As soon as they sat back in the Impala, however, Dean turned and looked at Charlie. “Now what are you going to do with the list, now that you have it?”
Charlie pursed her lips and nodded in agreement. “You can say that again.”
"That is also a cool aspiration." Dean pointed out, and Charlie waved her hand.
Dean shook his head adamantly, his green eyes filled with a sudden pride.
Dean nodded, and Cas picked some clothes out of his drawer.
Charlie smiled as she whipped out her computer and quickly pulled up a trivia page. She smiled as she pulled up the questions, and told Sam to keep a tally of how many questions they each got right out of the 20 questions.
Cas seemed to savor every bite of the omelette, the flavors swirling in his mouth. Dean caught himself staring at Cas once or twice, and forced himself to stare in the opposite direction while shoving forkfuls of his omelette into his face.
“Can't you two ever fucking knock?!?” Lucifer cried after getting startled from the suddenness of the door opening. He sighed and hung his head forward for a second. “I have a
“CAS!”
"Hey Dean!" She waved her hand, and when Dean sat down, she turned to quickly face the girl sitting next to her.
Charlie had pulled Dean into a corner while Cas talked to his siblings. There, Charlie had struck up a conversation with Dean, mostly about Cas and tips about flirting or dropping subtle hints. Thankfully, Charlie refused to even say a word about Dean’s feelings anywhere near Cas or any of his siblings. Despite her desire to tease Dean about it, she knew better than to talk about someone else’s crush so openly.
Cas picked Jack up and sat him on his bed. “Here. I’ll put a movie on and then I’ll go tell Mom that you're sick, okay?”
“Where’s Charlie?” Jo questioned, taking her lunch out of her lunchbox.
"Dean! How was your first day of school?"
“We lived in Lawrence and then Lebanon.”
"Yeah?"
(See the end of the chapter for
At least Gabriel had managed to film enough of it to send to Lucifer’s boyfriend, Michael. Michael of course shook his head. “I can't believe I’m dating him.”
"When did you move out here?"
Dean walked into the bathroom and turned on the water, and walked out to his bed to get some clothes. As he did, he saw Cas begin to stir, but Dean got into the shower before he could see Cas fully wake up.
The Novak house was, to put it simply, huge. It must have been two stories with a full attic that made it look like it was three stories, with the outside painted some light color- likely cream, but none of them could see colors and determine exactly what color it was. There was a tall fence around the property, and a beautifully done roof. The front door was one of the biggest doors Dean had ever laid eyes on, as he walked up to it with the others and knocked.
“Charlie Bradbury, ma’am.” Charlie replied. “It’s nice to meet you. And your house looks amazing.”
"It's... personal." Dean replied, rubbing the back of his neck with his hand. "I'd rather not say."
The sound of cookie cake actually perked Cas up, and he sat upright as Hannah handed him a card.
As Dean tapped his pencil absentmindedly, a kid suddenly sat down across from him and pulled a binder out. Dean did a quick double take, and his eyes then landed on one of the most handsome guys Dean had ever seen.
He had, in addition, donned a plaid jacket and a regular black shirt, and a pair of his favorite jeans. They were very worn and ripped with plenty of holes, but they were comfortable, so Dean loved them just the same.
As they finally reached the dungeon, Cas stopped and shook. He took a shaky inhale and turned to Dean. It was time, they knew.
Dean paused, twirling his fork around in his thermos. “Yeah, it is. I guess I just don’t really want to find my soulmate too early. I want to live a little before I’m tied down to one person.”
It shouldn’t have hurt so much. Castiel knew that. This was something they’d been preparing for for years, something hidden in his bones since he first emerged from hell. This was something he should’ve seen coming, should’ve numbed themself for.
“Gabriel just texted me.” Someone said from across the room. “He said he’ll be here in five minutes.”
Dean climbed into his car, and after placing his school bag on the ground, began the twenty minute drive to the college he was to attend.
“It’s only been one day, Gabe. You’ll find them.” Samandriel remarked softly, pulling out his phone.
Dean sighed in relief. “Thank you Charlie.”
Michael turned to Gabriel. “What’s Cas’s eye color?”
When Dean finally parked the car, they were stopped outside a large mall. Charlie raised her eyebrow in curiosity, but Dean grabbed her by the hand and dragged her into the mall. The first stop was a salon, where he took Charlie and told her she could get her hair cut however she wanted it. Her hair had grown a bit, so she opted for a shorter style. Dean also paid for her to get a full mani-pedi (albeit she did opt out of getting her nails actually painted and chose to just get them cleaned up) and he sat and waited for Charlie to be done.
