"Oh, well....that's...that's very nice, isn't it?" Mrs. Hudson tried to muffle her giggles as she looked from Sherlock, who beamed at the praise, to John who looked fit to murder his lover, whether he'd come the hardest in his life or not.
, a smarmy voice in his head said.
John's hands slipped as he tried to restrain Sherlock's hips, which had begun to pump aggressively into his throat, causing him to gag and slap redundantly at Sherlock's excited thighs in a mute plea for liberation. John muzzily realized he should have
"I want to see- how quickly will it leak out? Will you be feeling sore tomorrow? How-"
"Umm..."
"It's exquisite."
"Mm," Sherlock murmured unconsciously, eyes now closed, and his bruise-painted face relaxed and open. He nudged his head affectionately against John's cheek, sighing.
"What, because I'm injured?" John asked incredulously. "I can't rough you up for a few weeks so you've suddenly decided-"
John's hands cupped his cheeks, directing him through the kiss before skimming down both sides of his throat, feather-light and indescribably gentle.
"Finally found a way to shut you up, hm?" John breathed as he worked his cock in and out of Sherlock's body, fingers digging into Sherlock's hips to keep the taller man in place as John snapped his hips. "Got anything clever to say now, Sherlock?"
"Come on."
I say in idiot-speak? Your ‘readers’ aren’t here now.”
John was always there. Looking handsome. Stretching and groaning as his muscles pulled. Throwing Sherlock dirty looks. Licking his lips. Reminding Sherlock of all he could have if only he hadn’t been so rash and started this stupid bet.
An honest flash of self-consciousness and heady anticipation creased Sherlock's brow, dilated his eyes, and sharpened his breath. With a faint, inadvertent mewl of effort, he yanked down his trousers with a stupendous lack of decorum. His shirt went next, unbuttoned with shaky, clumsy fingers that slipped again and again on the buttons, made slick with Sherlock's own nervous sweat and John's semen striping the front. When he was finally free of the fabric, Sherlock made to stand- but John pushed him back in his chair, kneeling again over him. He was careful not to press their cocks together, knowing Sherlock may come quicker if he did.
.” Sherlock shuddered with a barely stifled gasp of pleasure, wetting John’s fingers with another bloom of obvious interest, and shifted up a little on his forearms. Peeking back, Sherlock gave him a wonky smile, the muscles in his back flexing and rippling as he pushed the coiled, sweaty curls from his temples.
looking at his phone, frowning at it as he scrolled, and despite John's best efforts, Sherlock's cock was growing softer and softer in his mouth.
"It's fine, Sherlock." John said, faking a smile which didn't nearly reach his eyes. "It's fine, I was confused about earlier."
"...We don't have to talk about it. I know it's...fucking weird," John shrugged, itching for another drink. "But it's just...being around him all the time is pretty overwhelming at the best of times. When he's confused, impatient, and horny, it's a million times worse."
handsome, isn't he? Isn't he, daddy?" She asked, nudging the man beside her- John's father- who had observed the entire exchange with an indulgent smile.
"Let me get dressed for the occasion. Five minutes." Sherlock said, hurrying towards the bedroom, inspired to make everything perfect for John’s romantic gesture. "Oh. And I see you got fortune cookies. Never sold with Thai takeaway. If I didn't know better, John Watson, I'd say you were up to something," He winked, before swirling dramatically and entering his bedroom.
"Fuck...Sherlock..." His voice was high and breathy. The sound of it did things to Sherlock's own cock which bounced in time to his heartbeat.
"Sherlock? Sweetheart, are you all right?" John's voice was rough and scratchy and Sherlock opened his eyes to find John hovering above him, concerned, lips red and swollen. Sherlock surged upward, kissing John as passionately as he could, trying to taste himself in John's mouth and moaning when he did.
John led Sherlock over to the table, the taller man trying to hover behind him and appear as if he belonged in such a place. The soldier was greeted with a yell of "John!"
Sherlock's eyes narrowed even further and, when he chose another cookie, John's breathing hitched and his throat visibly bobbed as he swallowed. " ‘Cute arse.’ " Sherlock grimaced. "Complete with the winky emoticon…"
"Now just a moment, young man!" Mrs. Hudson protested sternly. "I'll not have you racing in to my flat and making up stories. Are you high?" She asked, peering into Sherlock's eyes.
, so...God, fucking...
John took his hand, bringing it to his lips and kissing it chastely. "I am, Sherlock. I'm hopelessly, irredeemably, shamelessly, and irrevocably head-over-heels in love with you. Didn't you already know?" His lips quirked up in a teasing smirk when he saw Sherlock's chin start to buckle. "How do I love thee? Let me count the ways."
"Um...Bedroom? Bit cramped here, yeah?" John grinned when Sherlock's eyes flicked open, cast down and to the side.
with you, yes.”
Unlike Mycroft, however, Lestrade took his time in responding.
"Worth a shot." John shrugged, smiling, and Sherlock suddenly realized they were too far away from each other. He leaned over the table and pulled John into a desperate kiss.
The cup was put back to the saucer a little too quickly, clattering the two together before Mrs Hudson righted herself.
"Yeah, well, you do a shit job of it." John replied, coolly. The cording of his muscles and the flexing of his fingers letting Sherlock know he was pushing his doctor to the point of no return. He felt himself smiling and had to work to tamp down on the emotion before John saw and he ruined the entire thing.
Reclining on the uncomfortable hotel bed at 7pm, idly scrolling through his laptop while distantly contemplating ordering some takeaway, the doctor suddenly recalled he'd given his new lover free reign to pick up saucy underwear after he'd vacated the shop.
"God,
"Shit!" Sherlock suddenly spat, eyes tightly-closed. He had painfully snapped a nail from scrabbling along the grimy top wall of the flimsy cubicle whilst seeking much-needed bodily support. "...
John laughed, cupping Sherlock's cheek reassuringly. "I'm fine, love. It'll pass. Trust me, there's no way I could get hard again and once this goes away, I'll be fine." He gave Sherlock a soft kiss. "Promise. But we're still never doing it again." He grinned.
Quite enamoured with the unfocussed glaze in Sherlock's aqua eyes, John bit his bottom lip in glorious awareness of the detective's perfect predicament. He wrapped his legs tightly, bruisingly, around Sherlock's waist and rolled his head back, sighing greedily. "Finish inside me."
"You're
Sherlock tried poking him.
"This might hurt." John warned him simply, pushing Shaun down onto his knees. "Nearly out of lube, and there's only so much cooking oil I can nick from the kitchens before they get suspicious," he giggled sweetly.
John's eyes widened in shock at the raw pain in Sherlock's voice…and then immediately wondered at his surprise. By now, Sherlock had proved himself time and again to be as human, as fragile, as vulnerable to pain as anybody else. John hooked his arm around Sherlock's shoulders and hid his face in the warm, baby-soft skin between his collar and his ear. "It's ok. I'm fine now." He soothed and Sherlock snorted.
Sherlock shrugged. "Easy. Have you ever
"Let's do everything by touch. Our other senses. It'll be fun." Sherlock urged hopefully, his eyes not quite managing to hide the anxiety behind their ostensibly-bright eagerness.
He shivered at the feel of John's mouth on his cock. John had been so annoyingly gentle with him, barely touching him at all since the hospital. Not touching him unless it was for healing or helping him from the bed or onto the sofa. It'd been highly irritating. But now, with John's mouth hovering around his cock, Sherlock's frustration was paying off.
"Love you...Oh,
John flushed, sheepish, "Well...maybe not. I tried it when I was a teenager. Out of pure curiosity. And it sort of...stuck. I don't do it
going to open the Champagne. Or is that pathetic too?" John yelled after him.
"…If you're sure," John murmured soothingly. "One second." Sitting up and peering around the empty private hospital room, he gently nudged the curtain of the bed all the way round, shielding them. Sherlock made a little sigh of relief, and turned to face John. The older man's heart panged at the sight of his split lip, the blooming bruises on his high cheekbones and chin.
John planted his right hand on Sherlock's left shoulder in the golden, artificial light afforded by the streetlamp, quickly meeting the grey-green eyes in the gloom and wordlessly confirming that his weight was comfortable. He leaned upon the detective and knelt up after slathering his left fingers with cool lube. His dark eyes fluttered and his face flushed almost imperceptibly with slight self-consciousness as he penetrated himself.
“I do hate him.”
"You don't have to. You don't have to do anything, I just thought…" John hurried to add and Sherlock shook his head.
They sat quietly for a quarter of an hour as the sun sank beneath the horizon and the air began to cool pleasantly. Sherlock was just beginning to grow bored-
"I'm going to keep the lights on, you impossibly beautiful man, and I'm going to kiss every...single... goddamn inch of you and fucking show you how amazing I find your body until you have to believe me." John declared sternly, pressed himself against Sherlock, their cocks nudging together sweetly - one half-hearted (really, John swearing was incredibly erotic for very odd reasons which Sherlock needed to investigate later) and one still vigorously rampant.
"Well, it's
! God.
"Yes. I've read people can get hurt without the proper..." Sherlock groped for the right word.
"Ohh,
The two men dropped the phone, grabbing at their guns and spinning around toward the source of the noise.
John felt a small rush of heat run up his cheeks, and he shifted uneasily even if he couldn't quite pin down on why. Sherlock hadn't moved, however, but John couldn't quite bring himself to meet those eyes either.
"It was...indescribable...so...so new, so...so deep and…...I was inside you.” He beamed, loopy and delirious with pleasure and the knowledge of a job well done.
seem to find them. – They’d be drunk too, meaning they’d be ten times as pathetic as normal,” he snapped and took another five paces, glared out of the window, glanced at his phone, and then stormed out of the living room moodily, stomping through the kitchen and down the short corridor to his room, slamming the door after him.
use the word 'chillax' in my presence again or I will be forced to seriously hurt you."
"What text?" Sherlock asked casually, snagging John's laptop and earbuds and made his way, like a tall, pale thundercloud, to his own room, kicking the door closed behind him.
Sherlock surprised John by giggling abruptly, a rare occurrence in itself. Sniggering, one long hand pushed against his full lips, Sherlock managed to clear his throat. "That brings the total tally up to you owing me a shampoo and three new pairs of pyjama bottoms." He stated, straight-faced, before collapsing into further, irresistible giggles.
John was roused, as had become the usual these last few weeks, by the faint but very telling noises of frustration which sounded from the man who had invited himself (permanently) into his bed after the roof in his room had been fixed, and who had been spooning him with a cocktail of possessiveness, lust, and frustration over the last three weeks.
"Shaun, I wouldn't want there to be any bad blood between us, since you are one of John's oldest and best friends, and obviously you have history. We could probably break the ice properly outside though? It's a bit rowdy in here."
He knew his captors wouldn't eat him...yet. (And wasn't that one of the worst thoughts he'd had in a while?) They needed him for information. Needed to know how and why he'd infiltrated their ranks. What information he had ( already sent to Mycroft) and how to keep him silent. Then...if help hadn't arrived, they'd strip the flesh from his bones. The man above him, Sherlock knew, liked to season his meat before consumption.
"Christ...Sherlock...I can't.."
John appreciated the display for a moment, as he was supposed to, before snorting with laughter. "You might want to cover that up.” He nodded at the flourished, dark lovebite on Sherlock's neck, which had lingered longer on pale skin than John had anticipated. "Also, your razor needs replacing, and you've got a tiny bit of...brown sugar? Under your index fingernail." He deduced, relishing the look of wide-eyed bemusement that he received in return.
angry?"
Therefore, he answered quite honestly. "No, he can't."
...that was...perfect...
“I’m…really not. That was…amazing,” John shrugged simply, grinning at his detective with the same awe and affection he offered at crime scene denouements, except now, in a very different venue.
"In a sense." John murmured, before his mouth latched on to the side of Sherlock's throat, sucking sweetly.
, but...I can't tell him exactly what he wants to hear. And I'm seriously starting to think he's gonna rape me soon," John blushed, taking a long gulp of his fresh pint.
- don't really know what else to call it- to a disturbingly high-class party." John chuckled, turning the heavily gilded, stunning card over in his hands. "You should see how extravagant this invitation is."
“…But I’ve thought about it sometimes.”
“’Shagged-out’ would be putting it mildly,” Sherlock announced in a calm, convivial tone.
“Yes,” Sherlock said with a smile, taking it and then handing it back out again with a cheeky expression as he closed his laptop, put it aside, and shifted around to face him, also holding out a leather-bound journal with John’s initials engraved on it. “Here.”
"Not that he's
"Yes, you can." John encouraged, soothingly quiet in the flat. "Tell me, sweetheart, tell me what that great, amazing, fantastic brain is thinking of. I want to hear what you're fantasizing about…. Tell me."
"I'm not happy," John muttered, before words crackled though the wire.
John growled and wriggled, decisively shoving his detective off of him, causing Sherlock to bounce heavily on the bed beside him with a frustrated, baritone mewl.
John beamed and scooted closer, strong arms encompassing Sherlock. One scooped under his torso and nudged against the slightly-lumpy mattress, the other clasped possessively around his shoulders.
"Yeah...a bit." John's hips ground fruitlessly on the mattress, whose sheet was well on the way to being a thin, sweaty carpet, hanging damply off of the bed and trailing on the floor. He tried to thrust up into Sherlock's grip. Sherlock took his hand away.
"...Yeah. I was damaged." John said quietly. "Makes sense, doesn't it?"
Sherlock glanced down at John’s hand, swiftly panting through his nose and the flush on his face spread like wild fire down his neck, over his chest, and even stretched out to weave between his contracting abdominal muscles. He seemed highly sensitive to such a simple touch and John felt him grow and harden so fast under his hand that Sherlock lay back, looking dizzy.
"Oh, by the way. I informed the lovely Elaine that you beg me when you're desperate to come with my cock inside you. And how much I like the taste of your seed when I lick it off your skin. I'm sure she's told everyone you work with by now."
," John nodded, extending his thumb to catch a dewdrop of ejaculate on it.
"On occasion," the doctor answered. He also adjusted his head, swearing quietly as his neck cricked, and startled when he went to massage it, his own hand bumping sharply into one of Sherlock's own. "Sorry," he offered reactively.
John flexed his hips forward, easing himself inside. They both gasped when the head of his cock popped past the first ring of muscles and Sherlock's grip on his cock tightened. It looked as if he were trying to choke it.
“Maybe you should shut up.”
With a faint grimace, Sherlock wriggled sluggishly and heaved out a breath, “Of…
"Because I'm not as dense as you think. And you're not as good as cloaking your emotions as you would like to believe. I'll tell you what you want to know. Because I know you want to know it. So let's just get it over and done with."
." John crooned, avidly watching the rhythmic flex of Sherlock's hand beneath his pants. He could see the barest outline of Sherlock's cock and his tongue snaked out to lick his lips. He couldn't wait to see it.
"No." Sherlock grinned and John grinned back, chuckling.
treating me like one."
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “You’ve discovered my secret. However did you figure it out?” he drawled in deep sarcasm and then shot him a sudden glaring look. “
"Get off, prick," John instructed fondly, defending his crown and cracker. "Let me have this one thing. It only happens once a year."
!" John cursed and suddenly the fingers in Sherlock's curls were yanking his head back as thick ropes of come spurted from John's cock, narrowly missing Sherlock's face. Sherlock stared at the opaque pools of semen collecting on John's skin, grinning, triumphant. He winced as John continued to yank at his hair, though, hips bucking and head thrown back as he rode the waves of his climax. Just as the grip became too painful and Sherlock opened his mouth to protest, the fingers relaxed, and John blinked open dazed eyes, breathing out an apology.
"And you're not distracting me enough. Dirty talk, remember?"
John mentally thanked god that he had the day off. Five in the morning was no decent time to be forced into wakefulness by your intransigent lover. He instinctively rubbed his left shoulder, which was healing remarkably quickly, his arm working almost at full strength, though it twinged sharply with pain every now and then- and focused back to the problem at hand.
, his mind supplied unhelpfully.
John’s imminent migraine seemed to suddenly pulse more softly, as if quietening enough to allow him to fully absorb the blasé pronouncements that were surely pending. He became aware of the readied pressure of his fingertips on the smooth edge of his laptop, unconsciously ready to click it shut. He spoke evenly.
“Yes…yes,” Sherlock replied and extended both arms backward to grip John, clawing at the skin there and leaving lines of pale red in his wake. “
, you can...do that." He groaned. "Hand...hand and kisses...God.
"What? No- Sherlock, that's not it at all." John knelt in front of Sherlock and took his hands in his own. "Of course I want to...do that with you-"
Time was a pressuring factor, and he tried to appear aloof and un-panicked as he searched as calmly as he could for the deadly absconded amphibian. He had informed his landlady that the reason he was prying behind chairs and between ornaments was in order to locate his ‘lost’ cigarettes, and as yet she was unaware of the danger she was in as she faffed about in the kitchen.
He was greeted with a delightful Gaelic chuckle. "John...
"Sleeping," Sherlock drawled in curt retort. "Or I
Sherlock averted his eyes from the sight, his cheekbones reddening sharply, as if some invisible phantom had abruptly slapped him twice across the face. He attempted his
"Don't ever really get used to...
Molly sat up a little more in her bed, adjusting the chemise she was wearing, and started actively listening to the conversation.
"I mean everything I say. Everything. Often it's for the sake of a case, it may be a falsification, or, as you would say, a 'lie,' but I still mean it. False words can remedy the most wretched of deeds. John...fanciful speech aside...I don't want you to be with anyone else."
"Should I...call someone? I...this is new to me." John admitted, biting his thin bottom lip and staring with Mrs. Hudson up at the dark sky.
"No?" He asked slowly, not wanting to make John angry or upset.
"Just...yes," Sherlock murmured vaguely, backing away from John and settling himself on the bed, toeing off his shoes and socks and burying his toes in the carpet, flexing them nervously as John knelt in front of him. John reached up, bringing Sherlock's head down so he could gently kiss him, slowly stroking his tongue along Sherlock's and burying his hands in Sherlock's thick curls. He didn't grasp at the silky curls, didn't tug or yank at them as he sometimes did. Instead, he used his light grip to gently direct their kiss, tipping Sherlock's head to the side.
to touch Sherlock. Encouraged even, given the way Sherlock acted- as if he couldn't get enough of John's attention.
"So, new case? What are the details? Lestrade’s message was a bit vague." John wandered into the kitchen, adjusting his dressing gown and tutting irritably when he noticed they were out of teabags.
Laughing breathlessly, John took the opportunity of illumination and a bare bed to flip Sherlock's weight with ease, cradling his torso and skull as he bundled him onto his back, proceeding to snog him with grin-stretched lips. Sherlock moaned in reaction and arched up to keep them as connected as physically possible, even going so far as to part and bend his legs. His skin was scorching and the beat of his heart was suddenly, tremendously, very noticeable from both his throat and his chest, as it seemed to vibrate his entire heaving ribcage.
He was startled by Sherlock suddenly murmuring loudly into his ear. "Did you know Charles Dickens stayed for nearly 6 months at this residence?"
,” he rumbled, trailing his lips over John’s face lustfully, pressing small, gentle pecks to his nose, cheeks, eyelids and eyebrows.
He could barely contain his victorious smirk when he heard John pause in the doorway. Sherlock bit his bottom lip, trying to restrain his satisfaction at being able to manipulate his doctor so easily. He let out a soft, barely-audible sniff, cleared his throat loudly, then began playing a deafening rendition of the maudlin Godfather theme.
"John, you're driving me to distraction," Sherlock muttered, grinding his hips in the tiniest unconscious increments as he watched the doctor penetrate himself, buried irresponsibly under hateful bedclothes.
, look...I didn't mean to...upset you," John said cautiously, standing back, crushing the paper hat underfoot as he did so.
"Sshh." John shushed him, blowing air over his nipple before dipping and licking at the center of his chest. "It's not about me, sweetheart. Just relax."
The detective flinched, and then cleared his throat, his cheekbones stained a dusky, wet pink. He hesitated for a few moments, and then spoke. "Can we do something…new?"
"Just...hands. Just...D...uh...Dawson."
Before Sherlock could even take a breath to do so much as whisper the panic word, a firm, heavy hand smothered his mouth, even as he started to forcefully buck against the weight atop of him.
He knew it was widely touted as a health treatment, but looking around at the state of the towel-clad, confused-looking clients in the foyer, John doubted that it was doing any of them any good. Well…except one or two.
tell me," John laughed, coughing slightly. He groaned as he rolled to face his partner, and planted his other hand loosely upon Sherlock's.
Hearing the main door close, Sherlock cracked open the bathroom door and frowned indignantly out into the empty, chilly flat.
"From Navan. Thought you knew that? Or am I just 'the Irish guy?' I joined because you and the other guys from Uni joined up. Wanted to be in a new...scary place with mates, I suppose." Shaun replied curtly, wanting to get this over with as quickly as possible. They'd been mates for years, but that had never necessarily precipitated discussing personal details with each other.
"Just this?" John uttered in a devilishly-innocent deep voice. "That's fine. Fair enough. Shame, though...I'm really in the mood to make you climax so hard you'll be blind for ten minutes afterwards and depending on my hands and voice to dictate how to finish me off."
"What?" John's voice was ragged and Sherlock, without waiting for permission, bobbed his head down, eyes flicking up to John's, and pressed a kiss against the head of his cock. Sherlock jolted back in surprise when John gasped explosively, his eyes going wide and shocked, hips stuttering upward.
The detective’s entire body twitched and after a hitching inhalation, Sherlock failed to stop and muffle a vibrating moan, his hips tipping forward with a trembling of his thighs. In retaliation, long fingers flexed and clenched around John’s shoulders, moving to press flirtatiously and expertly into the muscles they found there, shooting sparks of pleasure with each touch.
Truth be told, most of the ‘paperwork’ was in the form of garishly-coloured charts and huge documents with confusing titles on his computer. It was times like this that he wished he was a self-proclaimed ‘
Sherlock, hypnotised by John's lack of self-consciousness, his open acceptance and delight in his own body's responses, started gently moving his fingertip inside John, marking out the letters of his own name in soft, sweet shapes over John's sensitive spot. In a tiny but substantial sense, Sherlock was marking him as his own. John shuddered, hips bouncing in time to Sherlock's clandestine ministrations, head falling back as he gasped for air.
"John!" Sherlock sighed exasperatedly, shaking his head and feeling his pale skin burn ever more noticeably. He mumbled his response, eyes averted from John's irritatingly-concerned expression. "I want to...I just…can't."
John heard the heart monitor pick up, signalling the exact moment when absolute panic set in. His eyes snapped open. Everything was bright - too bright. He was laying on his right side, facing a generic hospital wall. He heard some kind of alarm go off and vague, worried noises as he started to hyperventilate and shiver convulsively.
Sherlock affected a look of pure innocence, and lowered his eyes apologetically. "Sorry. I should let you get back to sleep. That was a bit not good."
"Shaun."
. That’s…
John heaved a sigh, leveraging himself from the chair and taking the few steps to kneel in front of Sherlock. "I'm not going to leave you. No matter how much of a wanker you are." He smiled sadly. "You're still healing, love. You need to give your body time to fix what's wrong. And if you keep exerting yourself you'll only make it worse." Sherlock wrinkled his nose, disliking it when John was so calm and rational and hateful.
"I don't want to be better. I want to be perfect," Sherlock muttered. "Otherwise, why would you -" He abruptly shut up, snapping his jaws closed, and pulled the duvet over his head, his near-black curls smooshed sweetly under heavy fabric.
John was rapidly nearing exhaustion, forcing himself inside his lover as hard as he could, the crushing release of orgasm bitterly distant and seemingly unattainable. He groaned in frustration, and Sherlock felt dizzy with excitement at the sound of John beginning to chant non-stop, his nonsensical words wheezy and hot against his spine.
John frowned and sighed, suddenly feeling bad and ashamed of himself. "Of course I love you, you idiot. Of course I do."
When John inserted two fingers and tried stretching him, Sherlock batted him away.
“Yes.” John gasped. “Yes...yes, please, Sherlock…”
"Okay."
The detective placed John's phone against his eager cock, licking his cupid's bow lips once more and getting ready to multitask in order to suffer an orgasm via his lovers' mobile. Ideally, he would insert it, but he suspected that drenching John's phone in silicone-based lubricant and then trying to shove it up his arse would probably be construed as a bit not good.
John politely rubbed his back and waited for him to get his breath back, smiling clownishly to himself.
“Still waiting,” John whispered tantalisingly, breaking Sherlock’s brief reverie, and the detective abruptly picked at the fiddly plastic wrap securing the lid of the bottle with short fingernails. Swearing quietly, he ended up tearing at the stiff sheath with his teeth, spitting out the remnants, and mounting John’s naked backside carefully.
John frowned and his eyes opened briefly, before he squinched them shut again, gasping out a few words. "Sherlock...I'm nearly there..." He took a few seconds to suck in a couple of much-needed lungfuls of oxygen, his skin painted with a sweet sheen of sweat. "Just...no porn phrases, yeah?"
"You don't have to-"
It wasn't long- it never was- before his body relaxed, accepted the touch, and Sherlock stroked deeper, still avoiding his prostate, not wanting this to be over too soon.
..." Sherlock couldn't be bothered to care that he was irreverently chanting John's name like a broken record. All he cared about, all his focus, was on John and what his delightfully wicked tongue was doing between his legs. John had never done this to him before but Sherlock had fantasized about it a few times. He hadn't brought it up though, assuming it wouldn't be something John was interested in, and would be considered too queer or highly unsanitary by the scrupulous doctor.
John's shoulders sagged in disappointment at Sherlock's blasé pronouncements. "Look- we can just forget-"
Her mind conjured up pale, bare skin. A pleasantly defined chest. Strong but lean legs, covered in a fine dusting of black hair. And his cock- Molly bit her lip, her fingers sliding through wetness as she circled a finger around and around the entrance to her cunt, teasing herself- Sherlock's cock was probably long, since he was tall. And she'd seen his shoes. One always said: men with big feet...
“Wouldn’t I?”
"Takes care of another one of my problems- I get to stake a public claim on you. In actual fact, I'm always rather terrified of someone stealing you away from me."
“Don’t you want to know where I’ve been?”
intimately." The still-unnamed sales assistant purred, giving Sherlock a once-over that set John's teeth on edge. "I've been dressing him the past four years." He gave a small, nostalgic sigh and John got the feeling the young man would have rather
Disgustedly, Sherlock tossed his used tissues in the bin. “That didn’t work out at all. I was supposed to dump you and I ended up ejaculating.”
John's lips tightened and he made to pull away, so Shaun upped the ante, moving forward and kissing him. He mouthed gently at John's lips, coaxing them to respond and, after a few seconds, when they finally did...he relaxed.
of strength. And lots of...
"Come on, John. We were great together." Shaun chuckled, not looking put out by John's speech. "I know you and him had a quickie in the loo. What'd you do- a quick handjob because he's too scared to do anything else? I would've taken you in that stall and let you fuck me
"Friend of yours?"
"Yes,
and a healthy, misplaced dose of pride that she had somehow got them together. Molly's message was...rather
"...I...he was..." John spoke incoherently, before his bleary-blue, confused eyes had a chance to take in the fact that there were no staff present in the room. A...
"Mmhmmm." Shaun moaned, cracking open an eye. "Don't spoil it by being a cunt, Watson. Let me float a while."
"...John?" Sherlock uttered, surprised and bewildered, his shoulder blades aching slightly from the impact. John sucked hungrily on Sherlock's throat.
," John moaned, throwing his head back and Sherlock nearly whimpered as John, keeping his tight grip on Sherlock's wrist, began moving Sherlock's finger in and out at a quick pace, his breathing going ragged. "More. Another, Sherlock." John commanded and Sherlock, who had been dazedly watching John yanking on his slim wrist, using Sherlock to smash (quite brutally, it appeared) into his own prostate, slowly came to his senses and obediently extended another finger, smoothly inserting in alongside the other.
“Cry me a river. I haven’t had sex ever.”
Shaun screamed when he came, disregarding that they needed to be quiet, and his body juddered beneath John, veritably dancing at the end of John's wrist.
"Ok. Fourteenth of May." John agreed. "Kind of far away but I guess that just gives us more time to plan things out."
John stared openly at the flustered pink-faced detective in front of him, his exponentially-increasing discomfort. “Wow. I  - God-”
this is expensive. And you probably wouldn't let me drink it. So you'd better have it," the doctor reasoned, glancing at Sherlock and grinning at his hat.
John nearly broke a finger in his blind struggle to open the cars' door, yelling with fury.
Shaun let out a short, awkward noise, bit his lip, and then sucked in a quick breath, his slick and forceful hips not halting in their assault. Blinking sweat from his dark eyes, he hissed, "Let me do this."
"Fine." John said curtly, delving his hands into Sherlock's coat. "Want you to take me home. Then fuck me. Hard. Please?"
The first thing John did when Sherlock flounced out, was grumpily change his now-soiled clothes. Feeling distinctly pissed off, he grabbed his phone from his jeans and wrote the message before actually deciding which of his friends he should send it to.
John began yanking Shaun's cock, firm and very fast, in a well-practiced, efficient rhythm that he used on himself when time was short and a slow build-up was either unimportant or impossible. He felt his own cock reach full hardness, prodding hopefully against the sleek, hot wetness of Shaun's backside. He was totally unprepared for Shaun to rock back against him, pushing his arse against John's cock. John's hips jumped forward, grinding himself against the soft swell, and the two men set up a quick rhythm- John fisting Shaun's cock as fast as he could, his hand a blur, and Shaun thrusting back in counterpoint to John's strokes, letting him rut against his arse.
"Oh, Jesus fucking Christ," John uttered without conscious thought, staring down at the sight beneath him, before wrangling his own wayward dick metaphorically, and physically. Taking his free hand to himself, he squeezed reassuringly, as if in promise of imminent pleasure.
Still waiting on that pen. – SH
"John..." His voice was weak and breathy.
"Yup. Because you're like me. You're a good guy, most of the time. When you're not, you don't mind breaking a few rules. You're not ruled by your dick but you sure as hell know what to do with it."
"I mean...the way he's singing, it sounds like something...life-changing. It doesn't sound very smart, now I think on it." Sherlock frowned indignantly as the singer crooned
And Molly came, biting down on her stuffed bear to contain her cries. Somewhere, in the back of her mind, she apologised to Sigmund as she rode out her bittersweet orgasm. Her fingers quickly eased away her forceful aftershocks and she sobbed, her hips jolting, her long hair sticking to the sweet, frustrated sweat upon her face.
It was unclear whether it was the bite, John’s words, his hand, or all three, but Sherlock choked on a whimpering groan and became suddenly, exceedingly vocal, cursing and whining as his pleasure built intensely, “Yes! Yes…fuh-fuck! Mm…mm, oui!” He trailed off into a garbling bundle of curses, pushing into John’s moving hand as his penis got harder with his oncoming orgasm. “Oui…plus forte! Plus vite! C’est bon! Oui! – Merde…oui!”
"Makes me happy to see you smile," John said, with a warm grin, looking up at his lover, who had slowly, gently lowered himself to lie upon the smaller man. John was about to say 'after earlier,’ but decided not to bring it up and ruin the moment. Sherlock, of course, still saw the brief darkness clouding his doctor's expression.
He was still struggling, trying to save the life flickering beneath his palms, when fiery pain shot through his shoulder. It was excruciating. John had never felt or imagined such pain in his life.
"Y-yeah. I want it." Shaun murmured breathily, frotting against John with little hitches of his hips. "Please, John."
"What was stronger?" John asked, knowing full well what Sherlock was talking about but wanting him to say it.
." Sherlock's eyes widened. "No. That's not it. Of course not. You want...that done to
Which was the farthest thing from what Sherlock wanted to do.
"No you don't. I know for a fact that you get giggly on fizzy booze. You
They easily found John's parents in the crowded restaurant- they were the ones who stood up and waved at them, beaming, heedless to the stares they were attracting.
Sherlock paused too, as if suddenly uncomfortable that he might actually have to voice his fears and make them all the more real.
"Oh, God," John hissed, his hand reaching up to Sherlock's warm, slim wrist in an unconscious act of defence, before he halted himself. "I..." He trailed off rather feebly in the blind darkness, suddenly feeling overwhelmed by damp minty air and strong fingers.
John stopped jerking at his cock, staring up at Sherlock, puzzled. "Sherlock?"
Sherlock snorted and gathered another pillow close to rest his head on as he pushed up a bit on his knees and lowered his torso to the bed, arcing his spine in a lean, elongated sweep of flushed skin and muscle, “Yours isn’t so bad either,” he mumbled friskily.
Still clutching the damp towel to his groin, covering his modesty, John moved to his armchair and sat down, closing his eyes peacefully as the song drew to a close. He could hear Sherlock clear his throat ineloquently, waffling in the doorway, and John left it up to him to decide what to do next, not wanting to push him.
“I really can’t wait to take you home,” John admitted quietly, grinning.
Sherlock looked adorably baffled, and his brow crinkled. "Then what's the matter?"
“What?” Sherlock immediately asked, brow furrowed sweetly. “Don’t laugh at me.”
"I hope so." John whispered before lowering his head and licking another quick stripe along Sherlock's cock. He watched as Sherlock's testicles contracted, drawing up closer to his body at just the smallest pleasure.
me with this." John teased before Sherlock surged forward, seizing John's lips in a vicious kiss, his long, spidery hands scooting greedily over John's hips and waist, squeezing warningly.
hot this is."
His eyes, wide and pale and fearful, flickered over the older man who was now grinding disgustingly against him, deductions screaming spontaneously into his head.
Sherlock looked skyward with frustration, extending his hand for it, “This is a terrible waste. New Years does not deserve whiskey.”
"It's a sex thing. It's when you wake up next to someone in the morning, usually someone you were drunk when you shagged, and skulk out before they wake up, wearing the same clothes as the night before. It's not particularly pleasant."
"Where do
John stirred again, turning onto his back and throwing his head back, revealing the strained line of his neck. Sherlock choked, gasped, unable to stop himself, not when he was so close- he couldn't stop-
"Jesus
! Oh god...
"Molly, how much are you being paid to advertise bleach products?" Sherlock asked, trying his hand at a joke- Molly usually appreciated his humour and he turned, expecting to find her behind him, surprised when she wasn't. Then he heard the heavy footsteps, two people, coming up the stairs at a very slow pace. Ah, good. She was helping John with the luggage.
"You left the curtains open." he murmured, openly looking his fill of Sherlock's naked body in late-afternoon, hazy amber sunlight.
"…This is the first time." Sherlock said anxiously into the darkness. "This is our
“Is that so?”
“Add ‘you’re far too dense for me to tolerate’ to the list.”
No, Sherlock sternly told himself. That was just what John wanted. John was waiting for him to offer himself. Another willing vessel, which he would accept with apparent altruism. Sherlock couldn't give in. Not for one second.
“I…see.” Sherlock nodded uncertainly.
,” Sherlock said in a faint huff and gave a pointed look at John, nudging him with one elbow.
"Ssshh...I'll take care of you." John whispered before bobbing his head, taking Sherlock's cock into his mouth and giving a strong suck. Sherlock gasped, choking on air, and John took the opportunity to slide another finger in alongside the first, crooking both of them and rubbing directly against Sherlock's prostate. Sherlock hollered, hands grabbing at John's head, skidding off his short hair in an effort to find something to grip onto.
…Need to...can't." he seethed, his skin shimmering with sweat and twitching intensively.
“Huh?
…but not quite…
John moaned. "You can use my body however you want. Later." He grunted, tossing himself over in the bed, turning around and snuffling into his pillow. "Wake me later, yeah?"
"Yes, of course it did." Sherlock replied, confused, letting John pet at him and sat on the bed, gently pulling John into his arms. "Breathe. Just...breathe, John. You're fine now." He murmured and John took a great, gasping breath of air, breathing in the familiar smells of wool and musk and cigarettes. He was so overwhelmed he didn't even have the energy to take Sherlock to task for smoking, he just clung tighter.
"Anyone can see that he loves you, Sherlock. You just need to wait until
“What an idea, though,” John chuckled gently. “Listen - I’m…going to kiss you in a second. And it’s going to get heated. If you want me to stop at any time, say so. And if you don’t want me to start at all, that’s fine too.”
"What do you need?" John asked, pulling off Sherlock's cock, making him whimper at the loss and reach blindly down to grope at John, wanting him back.
John brought it back to the bed and handed the bag to Sherlock. "Pick something. Anything. Your favourite toy and I'll use it on you."
Sherlock cried out as John let go of his cock, denying him his already long denied orgasm. Sherlock thought, for a few dizzying, breathless seconds, that he would come regardless, his shaft a painful looking dark red, almost purple, twitching wildly where it had been so heartlessly abandoned. Sherlock, staring down at it in anguish, tried desperately willing himself to come.
"Sherlock-" He raised his head out of Sherlock's reach and the man began pressing awkward, closed mouth kisses along John's neck, inhaling great lungfuls of air as he did so as if he were trying to breathe John in. "Sherlock...we should do this...on a bed...n-not on the kitchen floor." John protested, his voice wobbling when Sherlock's tongue snaked out and gave the barest of licks against his Adam's apple.
Everyone here was doubtlessly a millionaire. There were sequins and diamonds and all things sparkly and expensive. And here he was, in a tux his boyfriend had bought for him, hair slicked perfectly into place, a former army doctor with £100 in the bank and a crap job. He didn't belong here.
Shaun, though, pressed forward, either not caring or choosing to ignore John's grunted protest, opening John's mouth with his tongue and pushing John's come into his mouth. His hand, forceful and implacable at the back of John's head, kept him from pulling away, forced him to take it.
! That was...
John hesitated. He'd helped Shaun out, and the sight of his open, cheeky face, totally unperturbed by what had just transpired…unsettled him in a way that he couldn't explain. But he still wanted to get off. His own cock was throbbing, leaking beads of pre-come, and it wouldn't take much more.
"I'm sorry...I know..." John looked away for a few seconds, dark eyes unfocussing as he tried to ground himself, whist mentally constructing an excuse that Sherlock would neither laugh at, nor be horrified by. He thumbed the tight, warm muscle of Sherlock's bicep before replying.
The brunette obeyed, a few crinkles around his pale eyes, circumnavigating his high cheekbones, betraying his dormant and honest amusement.
Sherlock swallowed against the uncomfortable lump in his throat and rose from the sofa, following John through the flat and stopping behind him in the hallway.
Sherlock nodded, realized John couldn't see, and cleared his throat. "Yes."
John was sure his eyes rolled back just as his head hit the hard floor, his hips rolling into Sherlock's touch, the tip of his cock leaking in anticipation. "Fucking hell," he gasped, still wondering how he'd gone from shopping to straddling in under fifteen minutes.
"Yeah?" John sounded amused and Sherlock grit his teeth to keep from asking John to do it again. He silently nodded and John made a pleased sound, applying his mouth to Sherlock's chest again, swirling his tongue around the hard bud of his nipple. Sherlock groped one hand possessively against John's backside, the other ruffling through the pleasant softness of John's short hair, urging him closer and arching his chest against his lips. Sherlock groaned, his feet slipping as he tried to support himself more sturdily against the wall. His thoughts were scattered. He pointlessly tried to rally them- but then John moved to his other nipple and laved over it with the same silky concentration he'd given the other. Sherlock rutted against John without encouragement, heart pounding in his ears, feverishly gripping every part of John he could get his hands on.
Clenching his right fist, John dug his nails into his palm and took a fortifying breath. There was a faint bump behind him as Keith jumped down from the kitchen counter and ambled into the room, bouncing onto John's lap and nuzzling his face with chicken-breath and faint chirrups. The doctor stroked the surprisingly-heavy mammal, attempting to ease his rising irritation.
"I'm not going to apologise for having had sex with people before I met you." John muttered, removing his hand from Sherlock's still-flaccid cock, and laying back on the bed in a huff. Sherlock could feel the irritation emanating from John and he opened his mouth- though he didn't know what he was going to say- when John snapped.
!" John's angry shout was loud enough that Sherlock didn't think he could pretend not to hear it. He turned, affecting a look of surprise, to find John red-faced and irritated at the bottom of the stairs. There were suitcases tucked under each arm, two more dangling from each hand, and another three by his feet. "Are you going to help me or just stand there, you berk?" John asked, his voice muffled by the rain but since Sherlock was staring right at him he couldn't ignore him.
"John?" He asked, in a strained baritone. "Where are we going?"
Molly sighed, opening her locker, removing her bag, and then going to the staff room. She went to the fridge to retrieve her flowery, labelled lunchbox, filled with that day's pasta salad. Alone in the cluttered room, she took a second to stretch her arms, crack her knuckles, and adjust her bra straps.
Sherlock found himself stalking quietly across the room and pressing his ear to the door, holding his breath as he listened for John's voice. He heard John clearing his throat a few times, before speaking into his phone. Sherlock was deeply tempted to wrench open the door, seize the phone, and claim his property audibly and without doubt to the wench on the other end of the line. He tensed, restraining himself admirably, and listened.
"I taste like your cock...and come."
"I won't be gentle," John said bluntly, pulling out, before making a show of slicking his entire fist with lubricant, down to the carpal bones of his wrist.
is, would you rather be inside
Feeling brave, Sherlock licked his lips and wrapped his arm around John's body. A mix of fear and bittersweet sentiment swelled in his throat and made him feel a little breathless at his boldness.
I learn these things?!" His hands gesticulated like clumsy white flags as he struggled to express himself. He exhaled dramatically, starting to look for the rest of his clothes.
There were a few soundless, motionless seconds from Sherlock that made John panic that he'd done the wrong thing, before the detective's held breath eased out in one of the most delicious, sensual, unrestrained noises he had ever heard.
“I’m quite positive we established that you are the cuddler, not me,” Sherlock told him humorously as he moved the hand on John’s bicep to slip down over his chest so the whole of his arm was draped over John’s torso heavily, locking them together.
Cockblocker Keith … sounds like a wrestler :P
It was incredibly distracting.
“If you want to play, you’ve got to pay,” Sherlock’s deep voice sounded through the crackly wire. His tone was still flirty, but there was an insistence to his words.
"Doesn't hurt. Just...full. Tight." John gritted out, sweat starting to bead along his hair line. Pleasure zinged through his body despite the discomfort. The discomfort actually added to the pleasure.
"I refuse to believe my own ejaculate reached my hair." Sherlock said acerbically, then gave John an interested look. "Did it?"
“At this rate I could reach the Houses of Parliament.”
Both the doctor and the DI jolted with shock, nearly knocking their drinks across the sticky bar.
The detective pulled in a deep, dehydrated inhale tasting of the lazy heat and furious frenetic buzz of early-evening in Baker Street, before moving his talented hands back upward to knead skilfully up and around John’s shoulder blades, his trapezius muscles, and his upper arms.
Sherlock gasped in relief with each protracted, bone-deep contraction of his orgasm. It seemed to go on and on and on deliciously, aided by the toy which was still vibrating powerfully in his arse. He tried to savour the feeling of release and luxuriate in his hard-won orgasm, but the vibrations became too much and Sherlock twisted, writhing against the bed in a futile effort to get away from the sensation.
"This." A brief lick at Sherlock's nipple had him arching against John, gasping, high-pitched and shocked. The same treatment was given the other while John's fingertips circled around the wet one, provoking shivers.
“Is it a boy or girl? Our new friend.”
John muffled his cry against Sherlock's shoulder, shivering as he came, semen splattering against the front of Sherlock's trousers and seeping into the fabric, mingling with the creamy stains already there. Sherlock groaned, watching John tremble and sigh, and dazedly stared down at the complete and utter mess that constituted his trousers. A mess John made worse when he rubbed at the come covering Sherlock's groin, spreading it around and into the fabric with parted lips. Then he blinked and glanced up at Sherlock, looking the slightest bit worried.
Swirling her index and middle finger in a practised rhythm she had perfected when she was thirteen, Molly shifted on her bed, close to a climax but holding out as long as she could, wanting to hear more.
"What about 'my women?'"
"Nothing...nothing much." John dropped his eyes to watch Sherlock slowly stroke him, trying to appear distracted and not deceitful. Sherlock grinned, the smile not reaching his eyes, which were clearly vindictive.
"Oh." Sherlock huffed, closing his eyes, unable to look because if he looked he would imagine and if he imagined... He whimpered, fisting his hand even more tightly in the sheets, trying to ignore his pulsing erection.
He wasn't even supposed to be fighting, was just here to take care of the wounded, but they were surrounded - an ambush - and it was every man needed. John cursed as a bullet hit the dirt close to his hand, making him crouch reflexively, trying to defend himself.
“Speak for yourself.” They both proceeded to snigger with soft, immature laughter.
John eyed Sherlock challengingly as he said this, but still didn’t actually make a move, in case Sherlock was legitimately repelled by the idea.
Sherlock, still staring at Jason, was less belligerent and more...curious. He observed the residual bruising of the man's broken nose with clinical fascination, before grinning at the thought that his John had done the damage in his, Sherlock's, defence. He squeezed John's hand in a silent 'thank you' gesture.
“No! No, it’s…fine,” Sherlock replied instantly with a half-second of eye contact, before looking down and clearing his throat. The bloom on his high cheekbones made his crystalline aqua eyes look even more startling, practically radioactive.
John's fight or flight instincts finally kicked in as it dawned on him like a nuclear blast that Sherlock seemed to be propositioning him. His breathing quickened and his pulse started to race, throbbing in his temples and wrists. "I don't think this is a good idea, Sherlock," he warned.
The man laughed, tossing his head back, eyes sparkling. He was demented. Sherlock shivered.
“Evening,” John announced to the flat distantly as he entered the living room, fishing an empty polo packet out of his trouser pocket with some irritation. Sherlock took the opportunity to do his daily John-ventory, some post-clinic diagnostics of his doctor. It took only a few languid seconds, and didn’t result in any particularly surprising or interesting readings. The slight longing in the doctor’s indigo gaze as it flicked out the open window at the sultry, dirty London evening, suggested that he had been thinking about taking a holiday. This was also evident from his recent internet searches.
, John, nearly there," he hissed, quietly but forcefully, panicked at the idea of a public orgasm with someone so close to them. "John! I can't do it," he heaved, squirming awkwardly.
"Aren't…aren't you going to...to...?"
“Me too,” Sherlock told him and squeezed John’s hand tight. “You don’t have to try and justify yourself, justify this, you know. It’s fine. It’s all…fine.” His free hand was suddenly skimming across John’s face, drifting up into his hair to caress in soothing circles.
"I'll try and remember that, sweetheart." The man leered suggestively at Sherlock. "When I cook you up." He smacked his lips together, forking up a portion of meat. Sherlock felt a gag rising in the back of his throat as the man waved the fork in his face. "Open wide."
Shaun mentally winced, wondering if John knew how much of a woman he was sounding. Christ alive. But if this was what he had to endure for an amazing shag...
He distantly heard the familiar bang of the front door, and couldn’t be bothered to hide his cigarette. Besides, he doubted very much that the open window was doing anything at all to dissipate the bittersweet tang of smoke in the room.
stallion."
Sherlock was truly baffled. It was barely 6 o'clock in the evening, and there was limited room in the suite for privacy. "Um...Shall we...can't we just...watch..." he struggled to remember the name of the TV show John liked. "Supernormal?"
John snorted. “Hush, you,” he grinned.
Sherlock huffed, plastering himself to John's side.
"I kissed you? Just...thought you'd enjoy it." John scooted back to his side of the cab. "Guess I was wrong."
"JOHN! Come in here so I can check your physiological responses to see if you've orgasmed or not.” Sherlock yelled raucously- before jerking at the buzz of his phone on the bedside table and heaving a troubled sigh of effort as he leaned to read it. His brow crinkled when he saw who had texted him. Molly almost never texted him.
“That’s a
John took the hand which subconsciously eased into his, once Sherlock had finished eating and was sipping his tea, taking a breather from his monologue.
of that is right." John finally spluttered, stepping further into the room and walking around the bed to be in Sherlock's line of sight. "I mean, yes, I did think you were asexual but that's just because...well, you've never shown any interest-"
"…Hang on...why is it with...these things?" Sherlock flicked his hand disdainfully at the large green sign that highlighted the 'Fruit' special offers section, his brow crinkling in confusion. He glanced around, looking for an employee. "They're stocking their products incorrectly. Pineapple isn't a fruit...someone should get reprimanded."
"...Sherlock...do you want me to - make you feel good? Or just touch you?" His caress was still light, gentle.
"Sherl, what if I can't," he panted, licking warm sweat from his top lip, beginning to ride Sherlock as hard as he could, teeth gritted, stomach muscles screaming with effort, and a juicy, visceral slap of flesh sounding every half-second.
"What do you mean?" Shaun tried to sound interested. He nonchalantly rubbed at his cock, trying to get it up again and hopefully distract John from this stupid talk. They still had almost an hour. Plenty of time for another shag.
"Mmm...I should be." John shrugged, making sure Sherlock was ok before giving him a teasing smile. "But considering last night- listening to you wank by my bed- was one of the hottest things I've ever heard...no. I'm not angry."
"I'm sure you speak from experience." John muttered, unpacking his meagre belongings and spreading them on the bed…before he flung his bag against the wall, his temper simmering dangerously.
"It's fine, Sherlock...whatever you want. This is for you." John breathed, pressing a chaste kiss to Sherlock's rounded buttock before licking with more intention.
Sherlock blushed and smiled shyly at John, glancing up at him from beneath his eyelashes. "I did?"
could you think that?”
, you're a...bloody...amazing..." John mumbled deliriously, reacting by roughly twiddling Sherlock's ebony tendrils around his index finger, and then pulling hard. He nosed towards the detective's mouth, following the tingly mint-breaths that were huffing against his face, and kissed him hard, moaning encouragingly.
"Look, that's...great but, I have this...I get a bit...funny...with massage," John admitted, convinced that the heat stoked by his embarrassment was warming Sherlock's invisible face like a candle flame. He vaguely pulled at the detective's hand.
The doctor cleared his throat indulgently, still entertaining a delightfully smug grin. "She wants to meet up. Feels bad for me after what you did today," John chuckled again. "She might want to try again. This text is rather…flirty. She wouldn't be the first of them I've fucked, you know."
flirty. When Chaucer-turned-John followed Sherlock into the dressing room to make sure he got the measurements right, to make sure the fit was comfortable, adjusting the way the clothing draped over his body to check, telling Sherlock he was a professional, this was what he did…Sherlock writhed, moaning. Maybe...maybe John had a point.
Sherlock shrugged somewhat nervously and then gave a small nod, hands shifting through John’s hair again as his breathing and pulse sped up, “I like your hair,” he murmured as John pulled the waistband down, exposing Sherlock’s flushed pelvis and the pale, thickening shaft of his half hard penis. “I’ve
- oh, he couldn't hold it in anymore.
None of it had ever happened.
"Efficient..." Sherlock muttered, and John could tell a plan was forming behind his eyes. His stomach dropped in trepidation...and his cock got that much harder.
"Oh ye of little faith," Sherlock dryly replied, starting to feel more alert and confident that he could crawl out of bed without falling on his face. He licked his plump, sore lips, tonguing the bite on his lower lip to make it sting, and listened to John pick up his coat and wallet from the hall, and then leave.
"Go ahead."
“I can’t…stand up when you do that,” he admitted with a breathless laugh. “Just tongue, please,” he whispered, right before another crashing roar came from the pub, and the door opened, signalling another visitor in the small toilets.
"With what?" asked John, his heart ramming against his ribs as he tried to understand what was wrong. "Let me in, has something happened? Why are you sweating?"
Humming happily, Sherlock returned them, “
John eased the flesh jack off Sherlock's cock, mindful he'd be extremely sensitive, and laid it to the side. "You. Sucking my cock like that. It was..." He cleared his throat, searching for the right words. "Yeah, just really too much."
“…You heard the man,” he told it, shrugging, and going for his medical bag.
"...Do you not like giving it to me?...I would understand, God knows you would do
Sherlock's perfectly arched lips pulled into an impressive pout.
He listening to John's liquid, noisy exhales that steamed against his back, and acted quickly whilst the doctor was still languid and hazy, coming down from what had sounded like a spectacular orgasm. With a faint twinge of irritation and frustration, and pained by the angry pulsing of his many half-healed bruises and cuts, he tensed himself around John's semi-hard shaft in what he hoped would pass as pleasurable spasms. Biting his lip theatrically, he groaned and gasped, jolting his hips forward a few shuddering times as if in climax.
"Mmm...much worse. Have I ever told you about the man whose wife killed him with a potato peeler?"
!...mine," he growled, finally easing over the brink of orgasm, and even through the utter, blinding, noisy force of it, he felt the sensation of goosebumps on every inch of his skin, the ache of his clenched jaws, the sting of sweat in his eyes.
"I mean...it won't be the same as...just now. It's too intense...well..." Sherlock muttered, voice lowering and darkening. "You know how it went last time."
"I don't know..." John grinned, murmuring teasingly. "What's in it for me if I do?"
"Stop…thinking…S'annoying." Sherlock mumbled, cracking open an eye to stare up at John. His lips quirked up in a half-smile and John huffed, leaning down and giving Sherlock a few reassuring kisses on his slightly bloodied lips, his flushed cheeks, somewhat concerned by the fierce heat Sherlock's reddened skin was giving off.
He was momentarily side-tracked as Sherlock pulled his long palm from the headboard long enough to wipe it on the duvet, smoothing away the damp perspiration that was birthing there, and resumed bracing himself against the head of the bed. At this angle, John could see the sweet, tiny hint of his lower ribs with each excited inhale.
John huffed, rolling his eyes at Sherlock's dramatics. If this had been any other night, he would have rolled over and let Sherlock drag his own drama queen arse into the bed. But John was feeling a bit bad about his rough treatment of his detective earlier, no matter how much they'd both enjoyed it, and, remembering that Sherlock's shoulders were still sore and probably growing sorer by the minute, John abandoned his warm cocoon with a sigh and helped the gelatinous goo of consulting detective onto the bed.
Sherlock inhaled sharply when the very tip of John's finger breached his body and John took a simultaneous breath as Sherlock's grip on his hand tightened suddenly. He squeezed the large, pale hand reassuringly. "I...I wanted you to be the...the first...in..." he trailed off, writhing as John pushed further inside him.
Then Sherlock heard it- down the hall- the tinny sound of John's mobile ringing.
As it was, Sherlock, clad in his suit, watched John get dressed, feeling himself becoming more and more aroused by the sight of John’s lean muscles stretching and bunching beneath his skin. The way the light reflected off his skin, his hairs caught the light. His narrow hips, cock and testicles hanging heavy and low between his legs.
The tension lifted, they both lapsed into easy wordlessness for a solid five minutes. Sherlock rested his head back, and closed his eyes peacefully. John tapped away at his keyboard.
"I...I don't...
Shaun licked his lips again, tossing John an incredulous look. "You've read my mind. That is...if John's up for it."
John sighed, reluctantly allowing himself to smirk. "Ha ha, Sherlock. Even you wouldn't go that far. I've got to work…we'll fight later," he promised.
"A haircut." John repeated, his expression brooking no argument. "You've let it get too long."
John's languid, ebbing pleasure from his orgasm, was rapidly translating into a faint but vicious panic as he cradled an equally shagged-out, scarily-silent Sherlock in his arms. Looking down at saturated black curls on a practically-immobile head, he spoke hesitantly.
like Sherlock (Sherlock had been drunk and ‘juggling’ a single USB at the time).
"I should be the one comforting you." Sherlock pulled away, his eyes distant and empty. The two nurses hovered in the background, watching the exchange shamelessly. "You should eat something." Sherlock pulled even further away from John and one of the nurses sidled forward, ready to inspect their patient. "I'll…go and find something for you."
“To do what?”
“What are we doing here?” Sherlock asked suddenly, glancing up at the bustling Bridge as though he hadn’t really registered its hulking yet classical presence before. The furrow between his eyebrows deepened incredulously as it occurred to him that the muted blue accents of the Bridge matched that of the shirt that John was wearing at the moment, which was crisp and new and not quite yet imbued with the synaesthesic scent of warm tea and cheerful middle-of-the-range musk.
it really happened at all,” he added jabbingly, humour in his indigo eyes as he stared the indignant detective down.
"Guilt? Over what? Bringing you along?" John scoffed, anger making him mean and cruel and he knew, even as he said the words, that he'd regret them later.
"…It's Italian…It means...'.so beautiful.'" Sherlock confessed, watching John's eyes go soft and a sweet smile break out across his face.
"Not a porn phrase." Sherlock staunchly defended himself, face flushing at being almost discovered. "I want you to...to thrust into my arse hard. Very hard. Like- like that, John." He moaned a bit theatrically as John, huffing, sped up.
Sherlock's stomach swooped, a familiar sensation of being caught-out running through him. Damn.
"Perhaps I wasn't," Sherlock whispered, sequestered in an alien room, with the only person who meant anything to him behind him. "But...the closer I keep you, the more danger you're in."
“Not a word, Sherlock. Not a
to wish us a Happy New Year and I’d rather she
"I'm not giving up until we've both had fucking spectacular orgasms." John declared, scooting closer to Sherlock and pressing their lips together again. "We just need to rethink what we're doing. You're good at that."
Sherlock nibbled on his plump bottom lip in concentration, as he flicked open the bottle and took a tentative sniff. It had a faint fragrance, sweet, but not at all overpowering.
"Ask Lestrade." John said, finishing up tending to Sherlock's wounds, letting him roll over with a wince. "He can send you all the relevant information and photographs...you can solve it from the sofa. Yeah?"
Gripping at the edge of the mattress, Sherlock moaned and tried to match the rhythm set by John, his movements jerky and erratic, and the twitching of his thighs only increasing somewhat violently. Sherlock seemed excessively sensitive to everything, his body like a strained string being wound tight and tighter, seconds away from snapping and fraying at the edges. Moaning again, Sherlock reached back with one of his hands to grip John’s naked side, digging his fingers in wildly as he encouraged John to go harder and faster.
Sherlock's gloriously deep voice mumbled back to him, there was a very faint rustle of bedsheets, and then the detective continued. "Tell me you love me."
"Oh fuck. F-fuck, J-John!" Shaun’s body writhed under his lover’s ministrations and John reached around to feel at his cock, unsurprised to find it hard and leaking already. Shaun tried to hump into his hand but John took it away, denying him that friction, and rocked his fingers in and out of his arse, getting him loose for what was to come.
"Your father- obviously." Sherlock gave John a look of utter incredulity. "You...'don't think you'll get mugged?'"
Sherlock picked at a raw nick in the table's surface, still frowning. "You really are
John huffed with laughter, squeezing his detective’s hand. “You’re a menace.”
Sherlock took a sudden, deep breath in the pitch black darkness, like a hungry dog sensing a treat. Snuffling at John's hairline, the detective started a firm, strong, blind rhythm inside his lover.
His cock throbbed, pointing straight up, but he hadn't even touched himself yet, hadn't indulged in the decadent pleasure John was apparently so
Sherlock glanced up at him, dusting his hands, and looking sweetly confused. “This is a good thing.”
"How would you have wanted it to happen?"
He shuddered under the onslaught, moaning, as John hit him again and again with the belt.
"Christ...maybe we should postpone it," he uttered, biting his bottom lip thoughtfully. "Maybe if we take his teeth out first, then there's no risk," he sniggered.
John, desperately needing air, rudely shoved Sherlock away from him, the taller man falling heavily to the floor with a sharp thud. Sherlock winced before being greeted with a series of wet, throaty gagging noises that sounded as if John was about to throw up. Blundering around on the floor, incredibly shaky and pleasantly-numbed from his mind-blowing climax, he crawled back to the bed and extended a supportive, uncertain hand in the gloom. "John- John, what-?"
"I thought you were the one who was supposed to be talking," John murmured, closing his eyes and leaning his head back with a luxurious sigh, the bedclothes moving in such a way that clearly demonstrated that he was thrusting his finger quite vigorously inside himself now.
John stared up at Sherlock, speechless in his horror and anger, and his father, flushed very red, looked on the verge of an apoplectic fit. Only Mrs. Watson seemed to recover enough to say haltingly-
"Sshh." John squeezed Sherlock's hand reassuringly, his finger going still, fully seated inside Sherlock's body. "You're not going to come. Just relax, love. You'll be fine."
Licking his cupid’s-bow lips indulgently, Sherlock took a photo of John, then bit his lip at seeing the resulting image.
John let his eyes turn to Greg, who rather than seeming shocked, looked like he was about to piss himself laughing. John clamped down, squeezing his teeth together before turning back to look at his boyfriend.
Breathing unsteadily, Sherlock sped his hand up but it didn't help his climax, which remained steadfastly nowhere. He whined very softly in desperation.
"Sherlock...I'm really fine knowing I can't buy things in there- you don't have to-"
And suddenly, that seemed like the best idea John had had since he'd decided he loved Sherlock and wanted to spend the rest of his life with him.
At that moment, the loo door opened and Sherlock immediately perked up, like a dog seeing its owner arrive home after a long day. John, though, didn't even glance at him, limping out of the loo with a dark scowl, towel swathed around his middle. Sherlock’s heart sank and his shoulders slumped in disappointment.
“What do you want, love?” John prodded but Sherlock squirmed unhappily, starting to look worried- and so he changed tactics. “How about…do you want to fuck me?”
"Ok." John admitted, nodding his head. "Ok. You're right. You're always right. But...what else?"
Sherlock, for his part, choked, overwhelmed. It was incredibly tight. John's thighs hugged around his cock in a silken, wet grip that made his pulse pound and spots dance in front of his eyes.
Chaucer hid a smile behind his hand, eyes sparkling. "Of course, sir. I'll just go and get the correct sizes and allow you to try them on in the dressing room." He motioned to the back of the store, escorting John and Sherlock there, John still grinding his teeth.
"Because it makes me happy. That's what best friends do," John teased, heading back out and towards the kitchen. "I'm pouring you a drink."
“Sorry,” John offered sheepishly, hoping he hadn’t pushed too far, though unable to extinguish the secret smug thrill that maybe he had.
John gave him a brief kiss before pulling away and starting the clean-up. "You were enjoying it. And it wasn't...bad. But...it was just...too much." Even now, his cock was still prickling in a very distracting way. Cerebrally, he knew it was because there was blood trapped in the vessels making him feel twitchy and unsatisfied. He'd already come twice that day but the uncomfortable feeling of being unfulfilled lingered.
"Think I might…well…I think I might love you."
Sherlock nodded shakily, breaths ragged with excitement. His cock pulsed and a stream of pre-come spooled onto his stomach.
Sherlock barely had to pause to think. It was a subject he'd had a great deal of thought over.
"John!" Sherlock flexed violently, moaning alarmingly, with obvious anxiety as come squirted from his cock, painting stripes across his stomach as he writhed through his premature orgasm. John held his finger in Sherlock, bracing his arm as Sherlock sobbed and tightened, squeezing deliciously around his finger.
"John…
"Thought you might have done." John said, nudging at Sherlock until he had room to lay down and spending the next few minutes instructing a blushing, nervous Sherlock into position: on his hands and knees above John's body, his head hovering over John's cock and his own dangling enticingly over John's face. Sherlock was thoroughly humiliated by the position. He was also incredibly turned on by it.
With a shuddery, inelegant gulp, John lifted his head and met Sherlock's grey-green eyes. "...Sherl?"
"Maybe it will turn up later." Sherlock glanced around, shrugging. He didn't know why John was so worked up. The remaining cookie had probably told him how great his arse was or maybe his cock. On second thought, he'd rather like to have that in writing.
"I'm inside you." Sherlock's awed voice broke through her fantasy from the other side of the wall and Molly gasped, moving her vibrator again with steady will, feeling as if she were almost being directed by Sherlock.
"…I was thinking," John offered hesitantly, "…did you want to…talk about planning? I mean…you can't just summon a wedding out of thin air."
Swallowing thickly, he positioned himself between John's spread legs, raising them up and resting them on his shoulders before leaning forward to press the tip of his wet cock against John's slick entrance. "Are you ready?" He asked, voice wobbly and strained, muscles corded with the need to thrust.
And John, fuming and red-faced, fully intended to go back to his office and eat his lunch in peace, perhaps while searching for a new job, when Jason's oily voice drifted out into the hall.
Shaun made a gesture of his head that was a bizarre amalgam of a swift, enthusiastic nod, and a shake of trepidation. A faint whimper caused John to pulse painfully inside the younger man. Biting back a curse, he adjusted his grip on the gun, sliding it further into Shaun's mouth. He blinked the sweat from his eyes, thrusting forcefully into the body in front of him.
"Did your past boyfriend ever tie you down?"
Enjoy!
"I'd prefer...two, maybe?" Sherlock asked, choked-up, and a little shaky and breathless. "……John, you do know, don't you? That you’re…I…"
“John, shut up and put your tongue in my mouth.”
at moving things beyond the too-quick pecks he sometimes gave Sherlock, innocently pressing their lips together before quickly pulling away. Sherlock's virginity obviously made John want to take things slow and Sherlock, for one, was tired of it.
Jason's eyes comically widened and he physically rocked back on his heels, his cheeks flushing as he looked from Sherlock to John. "What...what the fuck are you talking about? I'm not gay."
, John. Give…give me my phone,” Sherlock panted.
"Sherlock-? What is it? What's wrong?”
“John, why are you repeating
“Secret,” Sherlock replied enigmatically, meeting John’s eyes with a feral grin that crinkled his sharp cheekbones into something tactile and soft and human. John didn’t grin back.
With an ebb of endorphins and a barely-contained yawn, he crawled back into bed beside John, sighing luxuriously. He snuggled tentatively against his lover, who had re-dressed himself in a pair of his new silken underwear.
The detective let out another small noise of surprise, one John wished he could distil and drench himself with when they were separated, when the doctor suddenly shoved him very hard against a wine-red flocked wall.
"Sherlock..." John uttered, shaking his head. "I don't want any more trouble." He knew if they went over and talked to Jason it would only end in a fight. Jason, from the way he was looking, was still furious over what had happened and would no doubt say cruel, hurtful things to Sherlock. What he said would make John angry, but John was afraid anything Jason said would hurt Sherlock, would wound the soft, vulnerable heart Sherlock always claimed he didn't have but frequently wore on his sleeve.
Tonight, he hadn't been able to sleep for his insistent erection. His mind had conjured up the most lascivious fantasies involving things he and John could possibly do together…if only John would be amenable. Sherlock had finally given in to the temptation and touched himself, lying beneath a thin sheet in his own room. But it hadn't worked. He'd wanted to be closer to John.
Sherlock stared, uncomprehendingly, at the message for almost a full minute. His body was paralyzed in terror, eyes wide, heart rate kicking up.
Sherlock shuffled an inch or two closer and then yawned with a small laughing sigh, “Good,” he said. “Goodnight John. I’ll be here. I’m always here.”
Sherlock drowsily protested, making a small, irritated groan…but arched back against John for more attention.
, you fucking prick."
Sherlock frowned and opened his mouth but John beat him to it.
Sherlock stabbed his hard, clothed cock painfully into John’s stomach a few times, his fingernails digging viciously deep into John’s palm and lower back respectively. The hot, wet exhales that exploded against John’s throat were soon chilled by the heaving gasps that were fuelling Sherlock’s climax.
"Why we're doing this, John, is beyond me." Sherlock said, unhappy at being forced from their hotel room- where the wi-fi was free and his laptop fully charged- to commune with nature.
Sherlock's eyes flickered distantly as if he was considering the physics involved with conjuring anything out of thin air, then focussed again. "Dull. Let Mrs. Hudson do it."
Sherlock trembled, cock throbbing hotly in the tight passage of John's arse. He began to thrust slowly, trying to keep his own need and desire to come at bay, knowing John needed more than a few seconds of intercourse before he himself would reach climax. He needed to last- this time- for John.
Sherlock obligingly ducked his head, letting John kiss him with obvious enthusiasm. He jolted at a sudden burst of laughter from some other patrons, staggering closer to John, and the shorter man wrapped an arm around his back, humming, pleased.
Sherlock followed John's gaze to the mark, heart starting up a quick tattoo inside his chest. A flurry of confusion, and then almost immediately, shock, threw him into a sudden, silent panic. "I...That. That happened when I..."
as he lowered himself to the floor.
Passing the ancient archway of the main building, John felt that he was the only one in attendance who actually paused to appreciate, however briefly, the beautiful architecture and history of the manor.
A few raucous laughs and aggressive curses sounded out, followed by another smash of glass.
There it was. Perfect. The tattoo which meant he could call an end to this charade and-
"Oh my god." John whispered, the idea of Sherlock fucking himself on some as-yet-unseen toy making him thicken even more in unwanted arousal. He was at work for fucks sake! He was seeing his first patient in less than thirty minutes and here he was, half-hard in his trousers, listening to his irritating, insufferable boyfriend fuck himself on the phone and beg him to help him get off.
Touch it? Touch what? John was already touching his cock and-
of us. Actually...one minute," John said to himself, gently encouraging Sherlock to turn on his front. He then nudged a pillow beneath him and tested to see if he could scoop his hand under and comfortably stimulate the taller man's shaft. "How's this?"
"What?"
"I can't stand you dwelling on me and Shaun. I can practically taste your jealousy, and it's fucking bitter. If you've got questions you want to ask…just get them all out of the way now so we can get over this."
Sherlock struggled through another deep inhale, before enunciating in his beautiful, rumbling, now-wrecked baritone, "I...need to come, John. Or I'm going to die."
"You meant it. You meant to say those exact words. You meant it?" John parroted the detective's earlier words playfully, but there was a clear seriousness in his eyes, preparing to judge Sherlock's response for truthfulness.
"You're wrong. All right? I wasn't making fun of you earlier- or now...or...ever. What you said earlier...Sherlock, it was incredibly arousing. Ok? Incredibly." John leaned closer, pitching his voice lower. "It was all I could do not to go over there, push your hands away, and do it myself. Touch you myself. So, no. I wasn't laughing at you. Don't be foolish."
“A good abscess.”
"No...he's just...friendly-" Sherlock broke off when John's grip tightened on his prick, gasping. "Please, John, someone will hear us-"
“Phone. Give. Now.”
Molly bit her lip, shame she was touching herself while listening to Sherlock and John warring with a steadily growing desire to
have to do it. Just with your tongue."
," John muttered, scrubbing his hand agitatedly through his hair, dislodging the pink party hat in the process.
John blinked his eyes, which had been preparing themselves for a well-deserved, luscious sleep now that he was in a real bed. Sherlock's heartbeat against John's chest had begun to prove itself as a wonderful, blood-heated, organic metronome that comforted him indescribably. "Yeah?"
Oops- turns out I lied last time: we got distracted with writing the smut so there will be one more chapter after this one :)
John took a deep breath, trying to understand how his life had come to this- shopping for sexy things for
John finished unpicking his buttons and, allowing his shirt to gape open, his lips gave an unsettling, humourless twitch. "I didn't have to be here to know what was going on. Apparently you've been wanking like there was no tomorrow and rogering yourself silly with a toy. You never told me you bought a toy, Sherlock. You kept it hidden away and only used it when I was gone- and had the fucking nerve to make me feel guilty for having a simple wank in the shower this morning. You fucking outed me today at work." John took a deep breath, his heart thudding in increasing rage. "Do you really expect leniency?"
"You...I think you used them for some experiment. The one with the feet and the...the electrocution." John listened to Sherlock's increasingly panting breaths, visualizing his boyfriend wanking on the other end of the line, and felt himself twitch in his trousers. He'd only got off half an hour ago but listening to his boyfriend, desperate to come on the other end of the phone... "Wait. What do you mean my phone's not enough?"
“I think so.”
"Shall I tell you what John wants," Sherlock imparted with a dirty, teasing growl into Shaun's ear.
John stilled, and stared at the petulant detective who now huddled childishly on the sofa, glaring intently at his phone.
“Sherl…get off me,” John laughed breathlessly, stroking Sherlock’s still-pulsing biceps. “Besides, you can’t sleep now, it’s only 11am.”
“Come
"Sher...Sher," John wheezed, his expression one of indescribable pain as he twitched and jolted almost shockingly through the end of his climax. "Fuck." He sighed, smiling dreamily. "That was incredible."
He was expecting Sherlock to take control - or to lose it - gasp and start grinding against him until he came, wide eyed and red-faced. He wouldn't be disappointed. He loved driving Sherlock mad so much so that he lost that chilly demeanor.
John snorted fondly but immediately found the preferred cakes and handed them to Sherlock.
Sherlock's gasp caught wetly in his throat, eyes going wide under the onslaught. He bucked his hips up, hoping to increase the much needed friction to his cock but was, again, denied. Almost whining in frustration and need, Sherlock shakily replied. "Two of your female co-workers pulled you away from Jason even though you were already through with him. Punching pleading men is hardly your style- even if you wanted to. Oh, John- please!
"Lay down?"
The doctor swallowed thickly and nodded, exhaling sharply.
I try and set the scene for filth so it’s not just shoved in there (as it were) and end up with one and a half chapters of total randomness XD Ah well :D
"I am not -" John sent the DI a glare as he heard a snicker. "I am
He could hear Sherlock banging things around in the shower, giving vent to his emotions and letting John know, in no uncertain terms, that he was angry.
"Are you sure
, John thought, tracing over one dark nipple, making Sherlock arch and shift on the bed, his eyelashes fluttering against his cheek. John took his hand away, holding his breath, but Sherlock settled again and he breathed a sigh of relief.
“Sherlock,” John interrupted, “that’s…that’s really not what people want to hear in bed.”
"Like I said." He whispered throatily. "Gorgeous. I'll go first. I know you don't need me to explain what I'm feeling. Just...enjoy." A distant part of John's mind cautioned him that the last couple of words probably sounded ridiculous. The main part of his brain, however, told him, "COME. NOW. FAST." He let go of Sherlock's hands and reclined on the bed, fisting himself with vicious speed. He let his eyes wander down Sherlock's body, looking his fill, getting even harder at the sight of all that lean, pale flesh laid out. Sherlock's fingers twitched but he made no effort to cover himself.
"You're still being a good boy? Just mine?" John asked, sipping with a faint grimace at his tasteless stew.
"Oh, I'm so glad the two of you are back! It's been lonely without you here!"
John stopped talking when Sherlock suddenly went rigid, his body tensing against John's. He pulled away and stared at Sherlock, his stomach dropping at the stunned look on his face. "You...
"Nothing wrong with enjoying the best bits of a body. Nothing wrong with that." He slid his hand out of Sherlock's pants and he couldn't help but sag a little.
“You exist everywhere inside my Mind Palace. Sometimes I can see where you’ve been by…a signature. A little scribble that denotes where you’ve been trespassing during my dreams.”
“…Can you massage me a bit more? Felt amazing,” John beseeched politely, voice quiet.
Sherlock swallowed heavily at the question, at the idea. "Th-three weeks." His cock jerked upward at the words, clamoring for more attention.
"It's not? ...But it was on the porn sites..." Sherlock looked deeply troubled.
"...Coming," Sherlock warned with bared teeth, burying his head, with its beautiful mass of sable curls, against John's jaw.
"That wasn't all me, love." He said, finishing up with the bed and watching as Sherlock unsuccessfully attempted to scrub semen out of his hair with a flannel.
Dear John.
John waited until Sherlock had shivered out his aftershocks, looking totally wrecked and sounding even worse, before deigning to speak.
“Do you want my help or not?" Sherlock spat, grimacing and crossing his arms, turning to stare out of the speeding taxi's window at the dizzy amalgam of populated tourist attractions, and the more-densely populated, less attractive districts of central London.
“…No? Weird question, Sherlock.”
“Mm. This is nice. Still cold, though.” John muttered, his breath tickling Sherlock’s lips.
"No. I...I've never...It seems incredibly foolhardy to allow oneself to be so...enamoured with someone and allow them to be the only source of your happiness. People are inherently selfish and shallow. They rarely care for long." Sherlock stuttered out, clearing his throat and drawing on his usual reservedness, drawing in on himself, his eyes turning cool and shuttered.
Sherlock let go in shock as John spurted surprisingly forcefully, accidentally dotting Sherlock's face with a few renegade drops of come, and soaking his hand with his creamy release.
"Oh, or in desperate need of a good, rough shag. Would you be that, sweetheart?"
close already…”
Abandoning his hold on Sherlock's arse, John reached up and fondled his cock, stroking it from root to tip, squirming his tongue around and around the rim of Sherlock's arse.
Sherlock wrenched the door open and, avoiding looking at John, plucked the needlessly elaborate card from his hands. He frowned as he scanned it then handed it back to John with a derisive snort.
“And you want to forgo
“Maybe…just my name, that’s okay,” Sherlock chuckled nervously, birthing awkward little crinkles on his high, pale cheekbones.
"Um...look, Sherl...can I just...since you've got to clean up anyway...just..." he trailed off, before gently coercing the brunette once more against the wall, and prodding himself questioningly against the plump, white backside in front of him.
John was gnawing upon his thumb knuckle before he had even registered that he'd put it in his mouth. With a breathless sort of groan, he shook his head, "You have
"Mm. What do you do?"
"Condoms or no more. How do I know you're not doing it with half the fucking regiment?"
John opened his mouth, fully intent on rousing Sherlock- only for the sound of a crash and a liquid-y sounding gush from the floor above startled them both. The sound shook Sherlock out of his doze, leaving him sitting bolt-upright as John cursed violently.
“Your eloquence enthralls me,” Sherlock murmured, opening his arms and grinning when John approached him, accepting the hug. His doctor straddled his lap and smooched the corner of his mouth affectionately. The brunette cuddled him tightly, running strong white fingers across John’s scapulae and vertebrae.
John laughed. "Maybe later, yeah? Let's get you fixed up, first." He sank to his knees and started soaping Sherlock's legs. Sherlock looked down and John grinned cheekily up at him, eyeing Sherlock's cock speculatively.
"Stop!" Jason shouted, hands held in front of his face in a defensive gesture, a weak attempt at warding off John's imminent blows. "Stop, stop, stop! I- I didn't mean anything by it!"
"Sherlock. Just. Tell me what you know.”
"Sherlock...
John burst out laughing, dark blue eyes crinkling, and he nipped gently at the finger on his lips.
A cab ride later, John helped Sherlock up the stairs to their flat. His assistance was unnecessary, Sherlock was fine if a bit shaken up, but John kept his arm around him, steering him into their flat and easing his jacket off Sherlock's shoulders.
John's heart broke a little more. "All right, love. Let's...why don't we start with a shower? You've still got glitter all over you." He smiled, indicating the tarty body glitter Sherlock had put on earlier. He also smelled like the man's cologne and he wanted to wash that away before he made love to Sherlock.
John's face was blank as he eyed the space beside Sherlock, which Sherlock patted encouragingly. "Sherlock...I don't..." John trailed off awkwardly. "I don't know what I want, alright? Especially from you.”
Sherlock didn't understand why John suddenly snorted, his stunned face melting into amusement. His hand came up to cover his mouth but not before Sherlock saw the huge grin plastered on his face and he came to a startling and unpleasant realization:
"Claim you? I like the sound of that." John giggled, drunk on the high of the moment, of knowing he was about to come, of just being happy joking with Sherlock after so much angst. "Gladly."
"Why won't I like it?" John cocked his head to the side, gazing up at Sherlock and the visual- John on his knees in front of him, waiting to give him a blow job- made Sherlock's cock go embarrassing hard. At that angle, it was impossible to miss and John's eyes darkened, his tongue coming out to tease at his lower lip.
John blinked up at him, stunned. "What?"
Sherlock cocked his head at his doctor, gauging his reaction, and continued blandly. “I know. It really was most inconvenient. I went to a vault in my Mind Palace looking for details on European dignitaries and tripped up on your striped jumper. I nearly knocked myself out on the Swedish over-60’s drawer. Mrs. Hudson scolded me for my sullen inaction, so I decided to come here and break up with you.”
"Use the...use the buckle." Shaun rasped and felt John draw back in surprise. He wanted to roll his eyes.
"I...I thought...this wasn't working so we'd..." He shrugged helplessly, bewildered. "Give up?"
," he shrugged, standing up and pulling on his coat. "It was lovely to meet both of you. Really. Perhaps let's leave this sort of thing to special occasions from now on...you are bearable, more bearable than most, I should say, but I suspect none of us would really relish having to spend more time than we have to in each other's company. For the record, I love your son very much and you needn't worry, I will protect him with my life and will always put his life before mine."
one,” Sherlock replied.
John burst out laughing, "I was joking about that last part. Deviant."
"You know it's been ...well, six months now..." John bit fondly at Shaun's earlobe. "It's insane that we haven't...progressed yet."
A nervous swallow.
"Yes, I know you forbade me from looking at pornography and gleaning ideas from it, but where else am I to get my information?" Sherlock raged. "You've apparently decided I'm too delicate to be taught anything substantial. Sometimes I think you like knowing that I'm an idiot."
"Not that I'm aware of. But he can do this. He's more than capable. And he is bugged. We'll hear it if things go south and rush in if he needs our help. Just settle down."
"Nada, mate. They're going to prepare him tonight. One that good, they're not going to let him escape." Samuel replied, accepting the gin from Luke and taking a gulp.
Warnings for arachnids. XD
"No. That's…no, I can." He took a shuddering breath, still slightly confused and disappointed. He'd thought…well. Never mind. "...I can try that."
John returned to their bedroom some fifteen minutes later after his shower, ruffling his short hair, and rummaging through the wardrobe. Sherlock, feeling as if his entire body were throbbing in pain, still snuggled under the wonderfully-cosy red blanket. He cleared his throat, his deep baritone sounding out lazily.
"...Fine," he finally managed through clenched teeth. "You're on."
"What are you talking about, 'childish?' That's legally binding, that is," John said, nodding toward the cheap plastic ring on Sherlock's finger.
the fun stuff in between actually becoming a couple and breaking up?” The suggestiveness was subtle yet deafening.
John cocked his head to the side. "Is that what this is all about?" He'd known that he wouldn't be able to hide his upcoming job interview from Sherlock…but he'd tried. Hard. Because John had known what would happen when Sherlock found out - Sherlock whining that John didn't need a job, that Sherlock needed him there with him, why did he have to get a job, no they didn't need money, eating was overrated, etc.
Sherlock shook his head.
His victory was short-lived, however, as John gave a surprised shout and a reflexive thrust up into the slick, tight heat. Sherlock gagged around John's cock and quickly pulled off, eyes streaming. John immediately sat up, reaching for Sherlock and stuttering out apologies, his face red. Sherlock coughed hard a few times, looking queasy.
"You don't think I can?"
John and Sherlock were...together.
when he was nude. It made Sherlock hate John's ugly jumpers even more, that they covered up such beauty.
to see this, Sherlock," John confessed quietly, trying to quickly prepare the fingers of his left hand while the taller man continued to paw at him.
"What did you say?" John frowned but Sherlock tugged at John's hips, urging him forward, and John pressed against him with a relieved sigh, his cock easily slipping between the slick skin with a soft, wet noise.
"Okay." Sherlock relaxed, watching John's face as he touched him.
"You've always wanted children." Sherlock said. "It's always been part of your dream of what you would have in a few years. I've seen the way you interact with the children at your work...your eyes light up and you're always so happy...and you look at them with such...longing. You've researched adoption services two different times in the years you've lived here...the most recent of which was three months ago. I know you've thought of it. And us being married would mean we could adopt."
with me. – But I’m game for…
"John,
John's heart was pounding in his ears when he again became aware of where he was and what he'd just done. He still had the phone clamped between his shoulder and ear, semen was rapidly cooling on his hand, and Sherlock was softly breathing down the line. John moved quickly to prevent the come from sliding down his hand and staining his clothes- wouldn't that be awkward to wear all day- wiping his hand on a nearby tissue and cleaning himself up as best he could.
John and Lestrade jumped at Sherlock's sudden cry, his words garbled and sounding muffled. They sprang into action, flinging open the doors and sprinting across the street into the building.
He tried his hardest not to imagine where John had sped off to.
"I'm looking." John crooned against Sherlock's neck, his breath hot against Sherlock's skin, and Sherlock groaned, hips thrusting up against John. "I'm looking at you, Sherlock, and god- the things I want to do with you. To you. You make me want to suck your cock and make you scream. Fuck you against any available surface until you're incoherent and just
Sherlock grimaced. God, they would be here
His good mood wasn't even dented when John thrust the cup of tea, sweetened just as he liked it, in his face and sternly told him to hurry up. The tiny tic in his eyelid and the set of his jaw told Sherlock that John was still in considerable pain, but far too stubborn to vocalise his discomfort.
Where the hell was Sherlock?
He still didn't understand...any of it. John was straight. No, now he was bisexual? He'd never slept with another man, as far as he knew. He slept with as many women as he could, as often as he could. And now, suddenly, he wanted Sherlock? Why? What-?
A sudden, unnervingly life-like image of Sherlock tonguing voraciously between her legs, one large pale thumb circling almost indifferently at her clitoris, with a wicked smile on his face, eyes twinkling mischievously appeared in Molly's mind. She struggled with the force of her imminent orgasm, hands working at herself desperately, her chest heaving forcefully within the confines of her lacy chemise.
"I'll…I'll just...go upstairs and...get everything ready...Just be a moment." Sherlock said, racing up the stairs, intent on closing every curtain he could once he got upstairs before shedding his clothes.
"Who..." Sherlock had to clear his throat, his voice raw from moaning and begging. "Who's texting you?"
." He swallowed down the saliva that was infiltrating his mouth at the delicious thought, bombarded with mental images of such a thing.
"Sh..fuck..." John grasped Sherlock's thighs, pressing them even closer together, sandwiching his cock hotly between them, and starting thrusting again, the pulse jumping erratically at the side of his throat. He groaned faintly, a few tiny beads of sweat decorating his brow, and he slowed his thrusts once more, relishing the tight heat of Sherlock's clenched thighs. "Oh, god...Sh..So good...tight...like I'm..." John babbled breathlessly.
"Managed? What do you mean? The volume thing? That was down to you," Sherlock chuckled happily.
This time, it was John's turn to whine, rubbing at himself where he was hard and throbbing. "I'd suck you." He said, without preamble. "I'd take your lovely, hot, wet cock in my mouth and suck you. Make your eyes roll back in your fucking head. Take you as deep as I could. You're already so loose...I can
done this then? – It’s not exactly unpleasant but I…I hadn’t thought many would think of doing this to themselves…”
John managed to chew back a grin, taking a fortifying breath. "Knowing I had no choice but to use your body if I wanted to reach climax. If I wanted to reach the absolute peak. I was
Sherlock flushed slightly, his long fingers playing over the skin of John's bicep distractedly. "...I'd...I had smaller ones before. I suppose I just...worked up to a...bigger one," he muttered very quietly, his pale eyes flicking away from John's dark gaze, still embarrassed talking about his sex toys with John. Maybe one day, Sherlock thought, John would want him to bring them all out of their hiding place in the back of the closet and together they'd- Sherlock had to inhale shakily at the idea- they'd
Sherlock grimaced and shooed away the silky, sexless voice back into the fleshy padded room that it been confined to, yet had once again emerged from. Soundproofing the room had proved fruitless. The number of malfunctions in his Mind Palace construction were proving unacceptable, and the sooner he managed to de-sexualise his head, the better.
John sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. He knew Sherlock was getting frustrated with how slow things were progressing between them but honestly, had he expected John to shag him six ways from Sunday as soon as they got together?
There was no doubt: that had been the best, most powerful orgasm he'd had since he'd been deployed.
, if all goes well," John laughed, slowly retracting his numb and wrinkled fingers, subtly wiping them on the crisp white bed sheets, and then pausing. "What position would you like? On all fours?"
minute,” John flared, sitting up quickly and meeting Sherlock’s eyes with a challenging fire. He was briefly gratified to see Sherlock recoil back a little, looking cautious. “Who says I don’t love you? And how on
"Mm. No. He said our neighbors called 999 because they thought you were being murdered."
Well, he thought sardonically, it wouldn't even be possible at that point. Sherlock knew he was being as stupid as he always claimed Anderson was...and he jutted out his chin, determined to overcome it.
When John pulled away slightly, Sherlock’s next move almost set him off like a rocket. Breathing rapidly, eyes closed, Sherlock let go of John’s smaller hand and proceeded to slowly grip himself, spreading his buttocks decisively.
"I...I didn't...don't know what you're talking a-about, Sherlock." Molly stuttered, her face going red and embarrassed tears springing to her eyes. She blinked furiously to clear them, unable to look at John and even Sherlock's face was too much to bear at the moment. "I- I really didn't...I- I mean, I
“Of course.” He watched the detective upend the bag, smoothing a layer into his storage box, creating a makeshift litter tray.
Sherlock could hardly take his eyes from John, who lay beside him, reeking of sex, and exertion, and glorious pleasure. His doctor's ashen hair was wet, mangled, his dark blue eyes were dilated, and deliriously happy. John panted beside him, and the image dislodged the mental screenshot of Machu Picchu in his Mind Palace, as the most beautiful thing he had ever seen.
“I haven’t started yet……
The smells were the same: Sterile. Chemical. Impersonal.
He really,
John cleared his throat diligently, frowning a little, and trying to express himself in a manner that would maintain Sherlock's notably short-lived attention span, as well as articulating what he wanted to say.
Sherlock jerked and frowned at John. "What was that for? Why did you kick me?" He asked childishly, ignoring the wide-eyed, warning look John gave him and giving Molly his best innocent look. "I thought Molly would want to know and store up our stories for masturbation material later."
Sherlock, of course, had an innate sense when it came to John's distress, and he didn't need to be a consulting detective to see that John was in pain…and that his leg was playing up again. Hell, even Anderson would have noticed. He offered an arm for John to lean on, and felt a twinge of distress when the doctor pushed it away irritably.
John froze, his hands buried in gorgeously dishevelled curls, blinking in surprise as Sherlock shuddered beneath him one last time before going still. Sherlock slumped against the chair, eyes closed, face turned away from John, radiating shame- the rigid line of his body against John spoke to that.
with his cock still impossibly hard and throbbing insistently between his legs. And John wasn't helping, sitting beside him, enticingly naked, calloused hands stroking his thighs but avoiding the one place Sherlock really wanted-
Sherlock still refused to look at him, staring at the singed corner of his pillowcase that had managed to catch fire after being too close to an experiment with camphor. "As if I would casually lie about something like that, in a passive-aggressive way of getting you to leave." Sherlock muttered evasively. "What do you care if it's true?"
Lugging the case into the living room, a significant effort considering his injury, he panted and glared daggers at his lover. "It's no fucking surprise, is it! Some fucking help would be nice," he spat, dumping the case and kicking it for emphasis.
“What’s this then?” John asked, lifting their joined hands and cheekily squeezing in demonstration.
When the exhausted post-coital snogging ended a minute later, Sherlock grinned down at John with exultation, his face crinkled in a huge, honest, delighted grin, his eyes bright and playful even as he was still getting his breath back, his skin still deeply flushed and wet.
“You heard me.”
It seemed both as the shop assistant glanced at John and gave Sherlock a coy look.
Wide-eyed in the semi-darkness, he felt small but strong fingers slip under the waistband of his £100 designer pyjama bottoms and his heart skipped a beat.
John slowly blinked awake, disoriented, unsure of where he was. A regular beeping played havoc with his brain for a few seconds before he identified it as a pulse monitor. It took him even longer to realize it was his own pulse monitor. The room around him was familiar, was the surgery they kept patients in, but John couldn't remember why he would be there, in a bed, his body throbbing in pain.
be there now, tied up and about to be force-fed...well, you know," he trailed off.
, with lots of tongues and saliva and heat?
Shaun, it seemed, was too blissed out to do much of anything besides moan and rock back a bit against John. John even had to grab his legs and hold them together to create a slick channel for his cock to glide through. Shaun's legs were shaking and he was obviously almost ready to collapse.
"I would just enjoy it," John shrugged, speaking frankly, in the dim light. “Do you..." His face contorted anxiously, brow furrowing. "Sorry...forget it...if you don't want it."
"…People we know are procreating," Sherlock grimaced. "I'm going to have to add conservatories to my Mind Palace. Adding attics to house information about our friends in would be considered a Not Good, right?"
"Don't be an imbecile. I want you to be honest about why you're not...engaging.
"...Fine, John." Sherlock got up with a slight, pained exhale, and picked up his discarded sheet, flinging it over his shoulder and wandering in the direction of the bathroom.
Shaun nodded again, grunting, and pushed back carefully against John's hand. "Shaun-" John stopped him and Shaun whined high in his throat, reaching beneath him to start frantically tugging at his cock.
There were a few seconds of pregnant, tense silence.
"...Partly just to get you to
Sherlock stumbled from his bed, hot on John's heels as they raced up the stairs- pausing abruptly when they got to the top. A large puddle of water was rapidly spreading from beneath John's bedroom door and, when John flung the door open, even more poured out.
"Fucking
It was also strangely arousing.
The sound of the downstairs door slamming was loud in Sherlock's ears, leaving them ringing, as if after a large explosion. And, similar to a large explosion, it felt as if all the air had been sucked out of the room in the aftermath. He hurried to the window, twitching aside the curtains, and watched John stomp down the street, his hands clenched into fists at his sides, posture rigid in anger- anger directed solely at Sherlock.
Sherlock approached the shower door with a dangerously blank expression. "John." There was a depth of bitterness in the timbre of his voice. Pulling open the shower door, he glared down at his doctor. "I see I come second to a furtive handjob in the shower."
"You know why these are called cakes and not biscuits?" Sherlock asked, mumbling through a mouthful of crumbs and orange jelly. "Because when biscuits are stale, they go soft, but when cakes are stale, they go hard. True fact."
pleasurable. Almost overwhelming, in fact.”
Sherlock glanced into Molly's bedroom. It was more tasteful than he'd expected, the walls a subtle dusky pink, though there were still about fifteen different cuddly toys scattered about on various surfaces. Judging by her blog, she had few qualms about appearing childish, and had made no attempt to hide or even move them. He opened a few drawers, her bedside table, eyes flicking over the contents. He flashed a brief, amused grin at the lilo on the floor beside her bed, dressed with a deep-red duvet, presumably the most 'masculine' one she owned.
"My...toy...s'dead," Sherlock stuttered, attempting to push his slick, numb fingers even deeper into himself, pumping ever more violently into his right fist, the mobile slipping from its' perch on his shoulder to his mattress, spurring him to twist his sweat-soaked face and gasp against the phone in a panic. "I tried using your mobile but it's...it's not enough.
!” Sherlock exclaimed deliriously, licking his plump lips and rocking away the tremulous last waves of his orgasm, blinking sweat from his eyes, and finally easing the last little thrusts of his aching hips.
"Trust me, love, you'd know if I'd done it." John chuckled, tongue darting out to moisten his lips. "I can't hide anything from you."
. – Get off me.”
"Satisfactory if you want to indulge your occasional homo-erotic urges by imbibing a lot of alcohol and watching a group of over-paid, physically-fit young men chase a ball around a tatty field like a pack of horny, starving lions pursuing a vulnerable lioness with a fresh kill," Sherlock mumbled sourly.
"Can't promise I won't kick you," John warned him, only semi-joking, as he moved towards the far side of Sherlock's bed and pulled back the cover tentatively.
John was still trying to muffle his giggles. "Deduce her, Sherl, I'm interested."
Sherlock took a large bit of toast and made a point of chewing slowly, intently, whilst he constructed a plausible backstory for the wound he hadn't even realised he'd sustained the previous night. His pale, grey-green eyes flickered tellingly as the feeble fabrication started to manifest. "...Oh, you know, I just...fell out of bed."
There was a faint noise from Sherlock that John, even without seeing his lover's face, knew constituted a giggle - even with his mouth full.
Sherlock refused to be soothed. He leaned over John on his hands and gave him a penetrating stare. "I believe it matters a great deal to you, ergo it holds an even greater importance for me. Please...bluntness, I have learned, can be a very useful tool. Tell me. Do you want to be legally bound with me?"
John nodded fervently, shivering. "Yeah. Yeah it's fine. Just-" he broke off again when Sherlock slowly thrust back inside. The lack of lube made him feel twice as big, filling him up until he almost couldn't breathe.
"Sherlock, you are a lunatic," John uttered, heartfelt, into the delicious, damp heat between their barely-touching lips. "I love you more than anything. And I'm so proud of you. I was...I was out of order. Keeping it a secret. I'm sorry." He squeezed Sherlock, kissing him again. "I'm not embarrassed, though. I was never embarrassed. In case you missed it earlier, most of my co-workers are homophobic arseholes. I didn't want to announce it to them because I knew what their reaction would be. 'Course, you took care of that for me." John growled playfully, pinching Sherlock's arse. The detective let out an entirely unbecoming giggle at the sharp pinch and John huffed a small, impromptu laugh, rubbing the place he'd pinched, soothing the sting- any reason to grab Sherlock's arse. "Glad I won't have to deal with that lot any more, to be honest." He confessed. "Not that I'm condoning what you did today but…it worked out. In the end. And…we should tell everyone else. That we're together. It's been overdue for a while now."
"Oh, John!" Mrs. Hudson's concerned face split into a happy smile. "I'm glad you're back, dear. I was afraid you'd get caught out in the rain. Sherlock is just helping me tidy things up a bit- my back, you know. It's hard for me to reach under the sink these days and he does a marvellous job of it." She gave John a wink. "I'll send him up shortly." Mrs. Hudson waited until John had nodded, given Sherlock one more searching look, then disappeared upstairs before turning with a stern look.
." Sherlock all but sobbed, his hands fisted in the scarf that still bound him, body trembling uncontrollably from head to foot, "Please- let me, please!"
"How?" Sherlock asked breathlessly, fingers curling into John's shirt and trying to pull him closer.
The response was now louder and considerably more alert, a delectable, wordless moan of surprise and delight. Two hands now held his head lightly, fingertips unconsciously fiddling into his sleep-tousled curls.
Sherlock made an aroused, hitching noise in the back of his throat whenever John skimmed near his scalp, “I…didn’t mean to…do that...” he replied, seeming to motion with his hand, though John was unable to see what he was gesturing at or about.
Sherlock, his eyes closed and body quaking like a leaf in the wind, tried to follow the gentle advice, obediently sucking in deep, trembling lungfuls of air and whooshing them out. He couldn't remember ever feeling this way. This out-of-control. This desperate. He didn't feel as if he would ever be able to come. It seemed he would be forever trapped here, in this horrible, aching limbo, denied what he needed most again and again. He couldn't remember how many times John had had him there, at the crumbling edge of his orgasm, only to cruelly jerk it out of his reach once more. It seemed impossible now that he'd ever be satisfied.
been naughty." He said, taking the vibrator from the drawer and looking at it properly, still rather amazed Sherlock- Sherlock Holmes- used a sex toy to toss himself off with. Not only that, but one that was so...
Bewildered, she felt herself shaken roughly a few times, before she swatted Sherlock away and righted herself. Of all the times for John to actually be at his day job for once.
way. He's...capricious, to say the least."
"…If that was a wank joke, it was in poor taste."
"Mr. Watson, what's wrong?" A nurse asked, rushing into the room and hurrying to his head where the monitors were going off.
'Shaun Morris' was very attractive, Sherlock could grudgingly admit. He supposed he could see the appeal the man had had for John. Fit. Muscular. Happy looking. Straight, even teeth. Classic Roman nose. He was, what Sherlock was sure Molly's women's magazines would classify as, a 'catch.'
. There wasn't anything fun or kinky about it.
No,no,
"Mmm.." Sherlock hummed again. "And you...get to spend the day with your co-workers who, until today, didn't know I existed." His indolent tone had melted away by the time he reached the end of his sentence and his voice was bitter and snappish again. It seemed his spectacular orgasm hadn't fogged his head where that was concerned.
a virgin..."
“I’m breaking up with you.”
"You promised the doctor at the hospital you'd take care of me." John leered. "So…take care of me."
John nodded, placed Sherlock's muffin in front of him, and sat in his own chair, sipping at his coffee, content to watch the passersby while Sherlock did his clandestine research.
John took a deep breath and immediately phoned their favorite take away place, placing their regular order before rushing about the room, placing the candles he'd bought earlier that week, strategically scattering them around and lighting them. By the time the doorbell rang and the shower had cut off, John was ready for their night.
Sherlock's hips began pumping upward, a shaky desperate rhythm, imagining it was John he was thrusting in to as he felt himself sliding closer and closer.
idiot! Just turn the bloody lights off!"
“Um…one sec,” Sherlock muttered, smearing away the translucent liquid with his hand. “Sorry.”
here because you like being cuddled. You're just full of surprises. Assuming, of course, you're not still teasing me. I'll pretend you're not. When I've been asleep...I've never...done anything, you know...'untoward' to you, have I?" John rubbed his fingertips along the strong bumps of Sherlock's knuckles, gently plucked the soft web of skin between his fingers and thumb.
"You were going to. I'll get you another fucking shirt. We could always ask your good friend Chaucer." He quipped, grinning bitterly, before protectively hooking his left arm around Sherlock's shoulder blades, his hand cupping the back of the detective's skull, and tugging gently at the luscious, black curls. In the same few seconds, John's right arm hugged Sherlock's narrow hips, and the doctor tackled him to the hard ground.
John grinned, running a comforting hand up and down Sherlock's side, as if he was soothing a worn-out racehorse. "Ok. Sssh…it's fine. I won't. Are you sure you're ready? I'm only going to use one finger first." He informed him, wiggling his hand demonstratively in the gloom, smiling infectiously.
"Good…. John? How are we supposed to have angry sex if you're not here?"
Greg had been sipping at his drink, but his snort of humour sent a dash of foam into his face and he pulled back, coughing up a laugh.
John took a deep breath, eyes fixed on the back of the woman in front of him - five inches taller than him, middle-management, just back from holiday in Thailand. Shaking his head slightly to rid himself of his own unwanted Sherlockian deductions, he capitulated, sighing. What was the harm in a name after all?
With his free hand, Sherlock fumbled for his own mobile. John's contact was already highlighted and Sherlock pressed the call button. It was a few agonizing seconds later- Sherlock's heart hammering in his chest, his stomach twisting in anticipation- before John's mobile began to vibrate against his cock. It was weaker than Sherlock would have liked, but he used it to his advantage, stroking it gently over his aching prick, hissing at the teasing tingle that was just this side of
"Anything you need," John began soothing him with little sentences, interspersed with delicate, closed-mouth kisses. It was oddly quiet in the sterile hospital room, at nearly 2am. He listened with a practised ear as Sherlock's heart monitor slowed to a calmer pace with every passing moment.
Sherlock spoke evenly, though his expression was murderous. "John. Never,
“………Maybe……on reflection……we should give our relationship a second chance.”
That's what it was, John thought bitterly as he shoved his cock into Shaun's tight hole, listening to the man beneath him moan in bliss. Just fucking. Raw, passionate fucking to be sure, but just scratching an itch. Getting satisfaction. He choked Shaun sometimes- at Shaun's behest- astounded that a little asphyxiation turned the Irishman into an absolute firecracker. Loud and shameless and completely, utterly gorgeous.
"...Have you not done this before? To yourself?" John asked, pausing. "I can stop anytime, just say the word. I know it's intense."
and I don't want you on it." He bit off and turned, as if to leave, then spun around again, eyes blazing. "Even
"What's wrong with you?" Shaun asked after five minutes of cajoling, of dropping blatant hints, and even trying to once grab John through his trousers to get him in the mood. John jerked away, not wanting Shaun to touch him, wondering if he'd even washed his hands after tossing Wilkins off.
"Jesus, Sherlock!"
"Why?"
! I swear to god, I will strangle you.” John growled warningly, too far away from his detective to give him the reprimanding smack round the head that he deserved.
With the shocking immediacy of a switch being flicked on - a switch controlling a million volts of vital electricity - Sherlock's brain cottoned onto a fact that his body was already achingly aware of - John needed to be fucked. Relentlessly.
. Though sometimes I think he's insecure about his...
Sherlock blanched and jerked away from John, rolling over in their bed and turning his back to him- not before John saw the prominent erection tenting his pyjama bottoms and the wet spot he'd leaked onto the fabric.
"Of course." John said, and Sherlock beamed with pleasure, resisting the urge to preen with pride.
me,” he gasped with an almost deafening growl of want.
John sighed, and illustrated by fumbling once more for Sherlock's surprisingly weighty hand, and pulled it to rest on his own pulse, thundering in his throat. "You do."
"This isn't about me." Sherlock sniffed. "It's about you." And-
“It would have been nice if I was your first.”
It'd been a whole
Having sort-of convinced himself, he nodded imperceptibly in decision. The doctor's fingers had strayed to his bicep, gripping with the impotence of sleep, and he snuffled in the early-morning gloom. Sherlock grinned fondly down at him, his own face illuminated by the cold white light of his phone screen.
lost.”
"Physical stimulus is in no way indicative of my attractiveness-" Sherlock began but John cut him off again.
John sucked in a sharp breath at the lovely blush that spread across Sherlock's cheeks. "Could be. It's really for whatever you want to hear, sweetheart. And I would
"I intend to."
"If I needed advice on a woman I would have asked a man, considering your experience with them sexually is limited to a teenage fumble after a fifth of your father's rum. No, Molly," he said slowly, leaning forward and forcing her eyes to lock on to his. "Sex with a man."
Sherlock was bored.
"I'm going to make some coffee, ok?" John said, setting his hair to rights. "Want anything?"
“Uh. Give…give me a moment…” he whispered, unable to control the small tremors raking through his limbs as he clenched his eyes shut.
He didn’t know whether to smirk or wince, when Sherlock’s yells, swiftly rising in octave and frequency, became quite literally deafening, making his ears ring, and John had no doubt the walls were probably reverberating, and that Mrs. Hudson would kill them come morning.
John capitulated, an expression forming his face into a delightful amalgam of annoyance and reluctant puzzlement.
It was maddening.
He stumbled on the pair of them in the barracks toilets. The other soldier- Wilkins- had his fatigues pushed to mid-thigh, baring his cock which Shaun was working with a steady, definite rhythm. His head was buried in Wilkins's neck, sucking at it, and neither of them immediately realized John had even walked into the room.
she thought bitterly, and immediately blushed even harder at her subconscious complaint.
"Sh-Sherlock." John gently disengaged him from his cock, running his fingers through Sherlock's hair. "You really don't have to do that. I was...being ridiculous. Stupid. That was too forceful."
"A bit." Sherlock repeated, knowing there was a lie but unable to detect it.
and how happy she was that John was finally
There was a tangible pause in the pitch-darkness, before John heard a query strained by awkward, sweet consideration.
"It's all your fault." John turned back to Sherlock, giving him a faux-stern glare. "I was a good, moral, upstanding citizen before I started running round on mad chases with you and getting arrested."
"What went wrong?" Sherlock asked, (logically, he thought) but John sighed as if he were deliberately being obtuse. "Everything went...fine."
Sherlock swallowed hard. "I'm...I could suck your cock..." He offered, not sure how to make the situation better.
“Get up you, we're going home."
"You always insist on taking a ridiculous amount of time browsing up and down every single aisle in the whole store…then you only buy two things and you've wasted all that time." Sherlock ranted. "Not today. We're here for one thing. Not...recreational purposes."
"Can I?" John asked. "Will you let me, Sherlock?"
"Oh...Christ...Sherlo-" John uttered, scrabbling at the detective's ribs, soothing the vicious purplish bruises at his scapulae with messy, wet kisses. "Oh, fuck, honey..."
“……You look like you’ve run a bloody marathon. And……I don’t know,” he admitted. “…You’re not usually so serene when you come down off a high. You look……happy.” He said the last word with some evident awkwardness, as if it might insult Sherlock.
"My husband is dead, and there is no love lost there. If you want my advice on your relationships, I am happy to oblige. But you do not get to criticise mine."
He sighed, remembering all sorts of taunts and murmurs at school- how bony he looked, pale and fleshy like a fish, skinny as an eel. Ribs and jutting hipbones and smooth skin that never seemed to grow hair except on his calves and around his cock and balls. Sherlock shivered in the cool air of the room, quickly shucking off his pants and fumbling his way into the tiny briefs with shaking fingers, hoping he wouldn't open his eyes and find disgust or worse, amusement written on John's face.
" Shaun shivered, a full-bodied shake, and sagged against John, his breathing suddenly unsteady against John's neck. "Oh, god. You're serious? John...you...fuck, you're serious?" He blathered, cock smearing trails of pre-come over John's hip.
"...Sorry...I just...It was good to see you come. A lot." Sherlock admitted awkwardly. "And I enjoyed it too."
"I didn't..." Sherlock started but John was already climbing out of bed, not pausing to listen to him lie. Sighing, Sherlock swung his legs out of bed, freezing when he realized John was openly staring at him.
"Mmm...I can deduce it." Sherlock replied breathlessly, eyes roving over John's body in an invasive perusal. He tugged fruitlessly against his restraints, throat bobbing as he swallowed thickly. The idea of John so manfully defending him against the slander of his co-workers making his chest warm in a way that had nothing to do with sex or arousal.
"Not...not there yet." John sped up the motions of his hand, trying to keep up with Shaun's thrusts. It was exhilarating. Almost made him feel like he was flying as everything around him spun at a dizzying rate.
Sherlock giggled, happy and relieved in his own way. His sudden and relentless seizure of John's hair was marred slightly by the fact that there wasn't quite enough of it to get a very good grip on, but it was enough for him to drag John down for a disgusting, delicious snog. John yelped, struggling to get away, and when he finally managed it, his own face was smeared with semen. He could taste it in his mouth, the smell cloying and musky in his nose.
“Impenetrable? You may discover otherwise later on.”
“How do you –“
." John rocked back against Sherlock, pushing him deeper into the crease of his thighs, his prick sliding wetly along his skin. Sherlock felt the head of his cock nudge against the underside of John's testicles, a teasing softness- John gasped- and pure, thoughtless lust took over Sherlock's conscious Mind Palace. It replaced structured rooms, cogent inhabitants, and logical information with a red, liquid flood that both terrified and thrilled him. Sherlock gripped John's hips in his hands, unleashing a flurry of pounding, punishing thrusts.
"They know you're a genius. And a consulting detective. And that we solve cases together. Oh, and that you're the love of my life." John said off-handedly, giving Sherlock's hand a squeeze, able to read the other man's unease easily in the tense lines of his body.
John breathed, spine arching at the first prod of Sherlock's finger against his hole. Sherlock froze, his fingertip barely pushing at John's opening, before pulling away with worry.
Sherlock's blasé attitude at John's suffering confirmed what John already suspected and made him angrier.
“No-one’s prescient John. Not even me.”
"Sherlock? What is it? New client?"
"Talk me through it."
constitutes more than a New Year's peck."
"John...maybe this isn't a good idea" Sherlock said with a sickly expression. "If we just...you know...turn the lights off," he mumbled awkwardly. His erection, which had been very pronounced in his thin bottoms, had noticeably flagged and he couldn't look at John, didn't want to meet his eyes, afraid of what he'd see there if he did. This hadn't been a good idea. He should've listened to John when he said they should take things slow.
sex. The kind of sex that involves you sticking your cock in my arse and thrusting...very vigorously."
glazed when John jerked the door open, towel wrapped around his waist. He gave Sherlock an amused look as his eyes darted from his flushed face to the rose.
"Listen, John...what I did today...I want to apologize for." Sherlock murmured, avoiding John's eyes as he spoke.
"Not again." John said, pulling Sherlock away when he went to duck down again. "Not...not that deep, love. I don't want to hurt you and that...could seriously hurt you. Here." He grabbed Sherlock's hand and fisted it around his wet cock. "Like this. Just like this. God, I'm almost there after that anyway."
"Did you like that, Sherlock?" He asked, unable to resist giving another teasing stroke to Sherlock's cock, rubbing his own come into the tumescent shaft, taking his hand away before Sherlock could gain any satisfaction from it.
Sherlock's hand faltered in its rhythm and John moaned, jerking his hips up, chasing after his orgasm.
While John stood and closed the curtains, Sherlock gnawed on a damp bottom lip that was at odds with his dry mouth and boosted himself gracelessly onto the cheap, lumpy bed. He waited until John had satisfactorily cloistered them in near-darkness before clearing his throat.
“Not that you’ve ever denied it before now.”
"Is it clear out there?" Sherlock asked feverishly, trying to see past John and determine whether their landlady was present. "Are we alone?"
"Oh, really?" Shaun tugged John closer and patted him awkwardly on the back. "Interesting. But um...I'm really...not in the mood right now."
"I'll make it feel good for you. So fucking good." He licked his lips and John watched the motion with bated breath. He glanced behind him, checking to see they were still alone and then, before he lost his nerve, stepped closer to Shaun and tentatively reached out to touch his hard prick.
"I want you on top." He blurted, immediately wanting to clap a hand over his mouth and take back those words. His face flamed with colour as a frantic, fast-forward slideshow of thousands of pornographic images flashing in his mind, crowding and writhing temptingly, instigating something of a panic.
on your cock for my pleasure. You were forceful. You wouldn't back down. I liked that a lot," the doctor told him, breath hitching a little as he pushed his finger fully inside himself, crooking it slightly, entirely unseen.
"Are you sure, Sherlock?"
“Did he make you touch them?”
"I want it messy. I want it loud. I want it now," John demanded, grinding against his lover.
time, mind you. It's pretty draining," he admitted.
"Get fucking dressed, you amazing shag, you delightfully mad genius, so I can go home and sleep in a proper bed."
"Missed you. Missed this." John confessed, breaking their kiss, whispering against Sherlock's lips. "Can't wait to see you come, Sherl. You're always so gorgeous when you come."
Sherlock’s head bounced off it with a thud and he clenched his jaw, closing his eyes in a faint grimace, “
"Molly is expecting to deposit a viable foetus in seven months then, who is likely to have an unnatural fondness for out-dated hairstyles, and also displaying a helplessly meek personality. God help him. Oh, it will be a 'him', by the way, judging by her diet. I would need further details of her cycles, family history, and so on, to be sure,” Sherlock muttered, hitting the phone button on his phone and listening to the ring on the other end of the line.
Her small pink tongue protruded between lips set in an impossibly innocent-looking face. Molly set up a quick, no-nonsense massage between her legs.
"Hello, Molly. Congratulations. Before you were burdened with another human parasitising your womb, how heavy and regular was your flow?"
Both John and Molly choked and in the few breathless, painful seconds it took to regain their normal respiration, Sherlock grinned at the synchronicity of their discomfort.
"Shut up, Sherlock." John huffed as they waited for the lift, before he bit the inside of his cheek and sighed heavily. "Sorry. It's just...I've been here too many times before."
"I understand if you don't accept it. If you don't want to hear it. But I won't take it back, because it's the truth, and fuck knows I'm sick and tired of keeping it to myself, and sick and tired of not letting you know how much you mean to me."
, John? While I'm still dressed? Even your cock doesn't have the -
"If you're gonna be fucking people other than me, then we need to sort some things out. Condoms every time, for one. Christ knows what you might already have given me," he said acidly. Shaun snorted, rolling his eyes.
," John pointed out, as if that was reason enough.
… I am going to fuck you till you go cry, die or go blind,” John threatened in a quiet, intense murmur, dark blue eyes dangerously bright.
John winced, his cock still soft but twitching, and shook his head. "Yeah, we're not doing that again." He said.
“What? No, it’s got a collar. It belongs to someone.”
"I rarely experienced erections and when I had them I ignored them." Sherlock pressed his lips together before he revealed how many erections he'd had over the past week and how difficult those had been to ignore...especially when John was chastely snogging him. "When they are persistent and I am…unable to ignore them, I deal with them as quickly as possible so I can resume more important activities." Sherlock swirled his hand around John's shaft as he'd felt him do earlier. He thought it was right from the way John's face crumpled and he arched his back but Sherlock decided to be a good, generous lover and ask- as John had done. "Is this right?"
John was too busy starting to try and grind down upon his lover's stiff cock in such a way that would do more than just frustrate him to notice.
“Do you think you could...talk to me?" Sherlock asked, hesitantly and awkwardly. "And kiss me a bit? And just...tell me things? It won't take much." He confessed shame-facedly, feeling a steady, cooling trickle of liquid from his own turgid shaft dribble down his balls.
? Is this something Mycroft's put you up to?" Sherlock asked, brow wrinkling suspiciously, his mouth set in a firm line.
Sherlock moaned, the sound of the lilo rasping against his body in the background, low and pleasured-
Fingers freezing on his flies, Sherlock cleared his throat. "John...I'm ready. You can…take me to bed." He couldn't see John's exact expression in the dimness of the room, but Sherlock saw John cock his head to the side, as if he didn't understand.
The detective shrugged, his thumbs rubbing lazy symbols into John's hips. "It's not important."
"...Well, you're
The result was instant. Sherlock moaned around John's cock, his mouth going rather slack, and his hips rolled down, fucking himself into John's mouth reflexively.
"Lay down John."
"Here." He pressed the bottle into Sherlock's hands. "Get me ready."
His skin turned to gooseflesh at the teasing sensation of his fingertips against his own skin and he sighed, long and pleasured. He traced his fingers back up and over his neck, arching, throwing his head back and closing his eyes.
Sherlock took off for the end of the aisle, his eyes lighting up when he found the spiky produce he'd been searching for. His hands hovered over the pineapples and he hummed under his breath as he poked and prodded the available specimens judgmentally.
it. He couldn't wait any longer.
"Of course you're not having one." Sherlock rumbled out, turning away from John as his fingers hammered away at various password attempts. "You're planning dates with two different women this month. You're too nice to tell me straight...not even in a cute 'heart-to-heart' in the bedroom of your spurned, irrational, flatmate who you assumed was asexual. You'll try to pretend as if nothing has changed between us but of course it will. It already has. Your attempts will pain us both and be horribly awkward. You'll give notice to leave the flat in two weeks, which you deem to be a reasonable and polite timescale. 'Sherlock's just'...oh." He muttered. His fingers had unconsciously tapped in one of the words he had been speaking, and John's desktop flashed open for him.
He ruffled his hair the way John did when he couldn't resist just plunging his hand into his curls and rummaging. His doctor mostly did it first thing in the morning, and as soon as he came in from work. Or indeed, any time where John presumably considered that their time apart had just been too long for comfort.
Sherlock squirmed at the tickle of John's seed running down his arse and thigh, and John released him, apologizing.
John chuckled, much more open with his amusement. Then, to Sherlock’s bafflement, he pressed his lips to the soft wound in a brief kiss.
"...Can I have some tea?" Sherlock asked, with a weak, crinkly-faced chuckle.
. What you said earlier. We could do that...if you still want to."
"I thought we should go ahead and get ready." Sherlock replied, rising onto his knees and bouncing on the bed beside John excitedly. "I wanted to make sure we wouldn't miss it. You know you sometimes tend to oversleep and of course you'll insist on having breakfast and then you'll want to
"Sherlock...you're great. There's nothing wrong with...anything about you.”
It didn't help that John, as he got dressed and followed Sherlock downstairs and into the cab, was relaxed and loose-limbed. Sherlock  couldn't stop envy rising inside his chest.
you’d want to do that,” he husked.
John gave Sherlock a long, gimlet Look before taking a deep breath. His next words were tinged by an audible, restrained smile. "Remind me why I love you again?"
Hey everyone! So sorry it's taken us this long to post another chapter. I, starrysummernights, take full responsibility for that. Hectic work schedule and real life and all that rot. Anyway, hope you enjoy the new chapter :D
Sherlock blinked sluggishly and then took a long inhale, “No. Not that. I don’t normally need that…”
Shaun smirked, his eyes traveling up and down John's body, lingering on his half-hard prick. "Come on, Watson. I'll do you if you do me." He grinned, boyish and carefree and something weird turned over in John's chest.
John cleared his throat and rubbed his dark blue eyes which were still gummed from sleep, peering up at his lover. "Sherlock, what the fuck...it's still early." He propped himself up and glanced at the bedside clock before sinking back onto the mattress with a groan. "…I know you're excited, but we live less than twenty minutes away…and it doesn't even open for
, Sherlock deduced idly, squeezing John's thigh.
…” he choked out, his erection bulging and oozing more pre-ejaculate across John’s tongue.
"Almost..." John grunted, working his hand faster over his cock, shivering at how utterly wrecked Sherlock sounded. "Nearly...there...let me hear you, Sherlock. Come...come, Sherlock...don't hold back. .I wanna hear it..."
Splashing.
The bubbling bitter brew ran down John’s parched throat, leaving an icy trail to his lungs that hit a spot inside him to make him groan gratefully. He set the cold glass on the bar before licking his lips, turning to Lestrade who was watching him with a small grin.
"Of course not- why would I laugh, Sherlock?"
"Oh...oh...Christ...Sh-Sherlock..." John gasped for air, his hand a blur at his cock, mind conjuring up filthy, pornographic images of how Sherlock looked at that second, how hard he'd come- "Oh, fuck..."
Once he had finished, flicking cooled, sticky tissues into the toilet and flushing it, their gazes met, and they both let out brief, dirty chuckles, Sherlock's deep and devilish, John's higher-pitched and infectious.
John had been so gloriously unpredictable this evening. Sherlock honestly couldn't work out what would happen next and the possibilities had him panting in desire.
Hunched behind a bunker made of feebly-filled sandbags in searing Afghanistan heat, a confusing flashbang of memory, of the last message John had managed to send to Shaun, dazzled him briefly. He grimaced and checked the bullets in his well-worn rifle, jamming them back into place with a sharp click, which was not as much as a distraction as the pitiful sobs of the twenty-year-old beside him, struggling with his weighty artillery.
"Obviously she wasn't anything special since your relationship with her didn't last very long." He finally managed, trying not to wonder if John had enjoyed sex with the faceless Melanie more than he did with him. "And yes, we both know you've slept with a couple of co-workers." He continued breezily. "Very crude of you to brag about it, John."
"Who knows what you do to me under the covers. Having your wicked way with me. And you won't even cuddle me in daylight. I feel so used," John teased, snuggling back into Sherlock's torso and sighing at the exuberant warmth of his body.
"I'm not trying to look womanly." Sherlock explained, rather hating the way John's eyes had gone all soft and pitying. "I honestly just can't be bothered to get a haircut." He cleared his throat. "Still, you're not used to...'manly.'"
"I want it," Sherlock immediately insisted, his body language telling John that he was absolutely itching to cuddle him, to hold him tight. "I want you to penetrate me and mark me and..." Sherlock’s hand waved as if trying to pluck words from thin air, "...drench me, finish me, complete me."
Sherlock gifted him with an honest, quick grin, and peeled off his clothes, grumbling a little as he struggled with the skin-tight leather trousers, leaning one hand on the wall for support . "...You'd never manage a striptease in these...bloody things," he mumbled.
Sherlock frowned. That was an odd, uncharacteristically sentimental thought. It rather surprised him.
"He just fobs me off with impossibly imprecise promises that it will 'happen in time.' Quite frankly I think it should have been happening from the very beginning. I can't see the barrier that seems to be restricting him. Unless he truly can't get past the fact that I don't have a vagina."
He also knew by now that John had a considerable and far-ranging desperation kink, and one he was more than happy to exploit. With the added factor of the one-month anniversary, Sherlock was satisfied that there was a better-than-80% chance of success. If it
John opened his mouth to expound shock, before he realised that he wasn't actually shocked. Sherlock peered at the screen and winced at the low volume, tapping a couple of times until the unrestrained groans and yells of the men on the website were painfully audible.
He was halted immediately by the detective’s stubborn refusal to move.
“…An amount of time was necessarily spent on the possibility of intercourse at some point in the future.”
Bouncing forward with a hitching gasp, Sherlock clenched his toes, submissively swaying without resistance, hands clawing and clasping until his knuckles turned white, “Oh…
"...I wish I could just stop dreaming," John mumbled out of the blue, a long, calm minute later.
"John...?"
"I thought as much." Sherlock purred, flicking his eyes behind them. "He's still watching us. Chances of him following us into the loos are very high."
"Fuck yeah, you are." Shaun grinned before leaning forward to whisper. "Meet me in the officer's quarters after you're done. Trust me. I'll make it worth your while."
John blanched, his head whipping around to stare, wide-eyed, at Sherlock. Mr. Watson frowned, disapproving, and Mrs. Watson paused, mouth still open, her own eyes equally wide, comically surprised.
After a beat, Sherlock slowly peered up, looking as overcome and entranced as John felt, and the moment he did was the same moment the skies outside exploded in glittering, flashing, sparklingly, spreading fireworks. The colours, the light, were suddenly all reflected in the widening pupil of Sherlock’s eyes, an ethereal sight. Mesmerising. He smiled at John, lights and colours playing over the planes of his cheeks, and tugged him down within the banging snap of a red, popping firework.
!" Sherlock suddenly yelped, his grey-green eyes flashing open for a second, before squinching tightly shut again. "...John...I'm s-sorry," he hissed in a ragged voice before his orgasm overpowered him and he jerked irrepressibly, his come squirting hot and inconsistent into his virginal briefs.
Sherlock rolled onto his back so the full force of his pout might be appreciated. He preened inwardly as Mrs. Hudson tutted and picked a few pieces of sawdust out of his glossy black hair. (
"Bit more, bit more, please, bit..." John struggled to enunciate as much as he could before the well-known, imminent point at which he knew he wouldn't be able to form proper words. "Can you...try...touch it.”
Sherlock being denuded of his signature Belstaff by the sticky weather, helped enormously.
Sherlock began to keen desperately, damp palms seeking purchase on the headboard and luxuriant bedclothes respectively.
and stare blankly into space while you drink your tea and if we don't get up now we'll miss it."
"I'm fine, no need to bloody check on me," he muttered shakily, still staring out of the sun-drenched window with bleary eyes. "I've not offed myself yet."
John twitched into wakefulness, frowning at the ratty wallpaper that met his eyes, wondering where he was.
“The massage oil. Anniversary present,“  Sherlock uttered in a tone that suggested he was bored of anything that would cause him to make excessive use of his vocal chords. He purred pleasurably when John suckled at his throat enthusiastically, birthing a dark, red bruise with his lips and tongue.
"What for?" John murmured nearly sub-sonically, adjusting his position to suck suggestively at the long, stunning neck.
Shaun shuddered again, stifling his moans against his forearm.
Sherlock huffed and proceeded to the next aisle, frowning in confusion at the potatoes, carrots, parsnips, and cabbages. He turned to John. "Well, where are they?"
John blinked dizzily, groaning in disbelief. “
John would probably get angry, but it wasn't the first clock Sherlock had destroyed- in one way or another- and so he wasn't very concerned. He flipped over in the bed, pulling the covers tighter around his body, glaring against the offending chill.
"You feel amazing," John gasped wheezily, giving a few sharp upward bumps with his own excited hips. "We can stay like this if you like? Save the full monty for daylight," he grinned into the dark.
"If you're sure." John murmured. "I'll only be a minute." He assured Sherlock, knowing the other man had to be even more uncomfortable with drying come in his bottoms. He walked down the hall bowlegged, his penis throbbing sorely, hoping he wasn't leaving a dripping trail of fluids behind him.
"I'm sorry, what was that, dear?"
have felt it too?"
Sherlock grit his teeth, determined to let John have this, to not let him know he was being hurt and John sobbed a few breaths, hips shuddering as he thrust inside Sherlock.
wanted…this?”
Sherlock appeared to be a man on a mission, face grim and jaw set angrily, as he stormed down increasingly ill-lit corridors.
He tried to get himself under control. Punches and hits he could take. Even a few kicks to his ribs and stomach- which had already been done. But talk of what the man genuinely wanted to do to him...left him panicked. He was in no position to get out of this either. Not without help.
Sherlock didn't feel things like that.
"Yes." John took a deep breath and Sherlock was pleased to see that he wasn't as unaffected as he usually was. His color was high and his cock was fully erect, almost as if it were begging for attention and the promised orgasm. "It'll be worth it. Trust me."
Sherlock had been planning to change into his pyjamas, before he remembered that he had managed to ruin the only three pyjama bottoms he owned. Well...
"Yes..." He whispered, managing to collapse onto his side with John still inside him. He felt inordinately shattered, drained, and he shivered from over-exertion. With one shaky hand, he plucked a tissue from the bedside table and pretended to clean himself of non-existent ejaculate.
He shifted forward on his knees and tentatively touched John's cock. It was hard, hot. It jumped when Sherlock touched it, flexing over John's abdomen. Sherlock ran his fingers down the length of it, releasing a shaky breath and looking to John for guidance.
Shaun groaned, dropping down onto his elbows, fingers scrabbling at the ground and gouging at the thin canvas sheet beneath him. He panted, clenching around John, moans issuing nonstop from his mouth. "Oh...oh fuck, Watson." He shakily gasped, restlessly moving. "Goddamnit. Oh God…" He forced himself back on John's cock, moaning, and John gasped, clutching at his hip.
"Yeah, thought you'd thrown a strop and changed your mind," Greg replied. "Sit down, join the 'masculine talk,' we've already started," he grinned.
So sorry this update has taken so long. I, starrysummernights, take full responsibility.
John gasped out of his nightmare, skin tingling with unspent adrenaline, and peered into the darkness of his room. Kicking off sweaty sheets and breathing deeply, he rubbed his forehead wearily, trying to rid himself of the lingering sounds, smells and sensations that played onward across the backs of his eyes and rippled and throbbed outwards from his left shoulder. Seconds later, his phone, upside down on the bedside table, buzzed harshly to remind him of an unread message, and he fumbled for it, the screen dizzy and blinding to his tear-dampened eyes.
yet, Sherlock, and if running around the flat winds you so much how do you expect to run round a crime scene?"
John's eyes had started to droop when Sherlock suddenly piped up again.
Shaun was being truthful when he told John he was the best. He would go so far as to say it was probably the best sex he had ever had, and not to put too fine a point on it, he had had a
"Kiss me. Please?"
A few minutes later, as John's steady hands moved up to massage his slightly aching shoulders, Sherlock once again opened his mouth...then closed it, reticent to ask. Wary of the answer he would receive.
Sherlock pressed a kiss to the straining fabric before pulling away and tugging at John's jeans. John eagerly lifted his hips, hitching his thumbs in the band of his pants and dragging those off as well, kicking them to the side and staring at Sherlock with undisguised want.
"What- what would you say?" Sherlock asked, keen to know how John would describe him.
It was gratifying- highly gratifying- the sound John made when Sherlock stepped further back, fully baring himself to John's perusal, before taking a few cautious steps toward the bed.
Had he gone too far? Was John truly that angry with him that he...didn't care? About Sherlock?
"I can't...fucking louder...." John growled, helpless little cries falling from his lips as he desperately worked himself.
Shaun laughed, uncertainly patting John on the back and pulling away from his enthusiastic embrace. "Fighting a war. Not like they give day passes to get away."
"John, what-"
John chuckled weakly, the sight just a bit too funny after his amazing orgasm, and Sherlock's eyes snapped open to gaze up at him.
"What...Sherlock, what the...
John, in the process of rearranging Sherlock's dead-weight legs, folding his body into an odd but not uncomfortable angle, kept his eyes averted. He lifted Sherlock's slim legs over his good shoulder. "Enough to be getting on with- what did you do with the lube, Sherl? Ah- here it is." He held the bottle aloft. "You'll have to squeeze your thighs together for me. Tighter than that, remember how I did for you?"
"Yes."
"You're incorrigible." He teased, nibbling at Sherlock's jawline. "Never satisfied, are you?"
John grinned clownishly, this time openly, and turned to Sherlock and opened his mouth to speak but another deafening peal of thunder interrupted him. Once it had faded into the charcoal, gloomy sky, he licked his lips and tried again. "Bit of a blur, is it? Yes, Sherlock, to be absolutely frank, you came all over yourself. Hair included. I was a bit impressed."
?” Sherlock's entire world was collapsing around his ears and he couldn't do a thing to stop it. He couldn't move from his kneeling position on the bed, could barely breathe, could only watch John nod, resigned.
"Oh, you are a pretty one." The man murmured appreciatively. "What's the going rate?"
He felt impossibly bigger and then John felt the warmth of his orgasm in his arse. He shuddered, clenching around him in want and pure desire. His own cock bobbed and throbbed between his legs, demanding release that John, still holding himself up with his hands, couldn't manage.
"No, don't!" Sherlock anxiously said, quickly pushing John away. "I'll c-come if you do. I don't…I want you to fuck me."
Biting his bottom lip with a pleasure bordering on sadism, John began to grind himself against the detective's plump erection with evident delight. "I am going to
"Tell me...tell me what you liked last night. Exactly what you liked. Details."
John felt as if he'd missed a step going down, his stomach lurching in surprise. "What?" He managed to ask through numb lips. "What do you mean?"
"Sherlock,
"What do you want, gorgeous?" John asked and Sherlock, not really caring, asked for a hand job, rolling onto his back and spreading his legs so John could get comfortable.
Sherlock launched himself off the sofa and pounded down the stairs, rapping urgently at Mrs. Hudson's door.
fast. That what I have right now may very well be
"Batteries?" John repeated, mystified and more than a little put out. "Sherlock...did you call me at work to ask me where the fuck the batteries were?"
He whinged, trying to buck his hips but was stopped by the pressure of John's body atop his. And-
can't we?" He asked, grimacing with irritation. "Your...your women- I'm not some...virgin who's going to shatter." He spat angrily. John pulled even further away, frowning.
"Sherlock- what are you doing?"
Sherlock’s smugness was almost palpable as it radiated from him, “Do you want me to just…hold you?” He asked lowly.
He moaned as he came, hips pumping up, pushing Shaun's cock deeper into his arse. It was nothing like coming on his own. This was bone deep, sharp pleasure that was suddenly too much. John hissed from oversensitivity as Shaun started a series of quick, desperate thrusts, grunting, chasing after his own orgasm with selfish determination.
"...I'm not a horse."
be taxing doing it on your own,” he said, reaching to drift his fingers up John’s bicep.
Things had been going so well, he thought despairingly. Their relationship had been trundling along at a nicely normal pace. John had been happy. Sherlock had been happy. Their sex life had been satisfactory for all parties involved. And now…
Huffing, Sherlock rolled over, putting as much belligerence as he could into the movement, but freezing when his eyes fell to the object John held in his hands.
," He managed to gasp out, hips stuttering as his cock pulsed, growing impossibly harder between John's thighs. "Oh, J-" Sherlock's orgasm crashed over him and he jerked against John, crying out incoherently as his come spurted between his thighs, each pulse of his cock encased in the constricted grip, an almost agonizing pleasure.
John growled, grabbing Sherlock by the arms and hauling him against him. "Tease." He whispered, nipping at Sherlock's bottom lip. "Finish what you started."
John caught the brief reflection of a tear dropping from his fellow doctor's dark eye, splashing feebly upon the grubby officer's quarters' floor.
Clothed in John’s favourite purple shirt and trousers, resplendent in his sharp shoes, and soft, newly-manoeuvred dark curls, Sherlock settled himself with envious regality at the table. John sat across from him. Illuminated by candlelight, and Sherlock kept being distracted from eating by watching the way John's eyes twinkled in the light, the way the strands of grey in his hair glinted. John's weathered face was notably flushed, and he kept his gaze down as he munched his Pad Thai hungrily, a beansprout hanging delectably from his thin bottom lip before he sucked it up with a wonderfully dirty-sounding slurp.
is working," John smirked up at him, breeching Sherlock's body with his third finger, thumbing the detective's darkened shaft comfortingly.
Sherlock’s eyes fluttered nervously, baffled. “I don’t…I’m not sure….”
The rain still poured steadily down over London that evening, lashing at the darkened windows and making everyone inside and out of the torrential downpour feel snug and grateful to be dry. Molly had made them a wonderful dinner (trying to show off her culinary skills) and even though John hadn't been able to eat the pork, being a vegetarian, Sherlock had devoured two helpings, making Molly beam with pleasure.
"Sherlock..." John took a step forward, then another, guilt lancing through him. He hadn't meant to hurt Sherlock by not inviting him along. He hadn't. He'd just honestly not thought his partner would want to come to a boring lunch with his parents. It didn't seem the sort of thing Sherlock Holmes would enjoy. He should have still asked though, John realized, watching his beautiful love saw away at his violin, his face turned away, the upset wobble of his voice still playing through John's mind.
“How many times are you going to do this?”
"Sorry," John offered in a strained voice, but he didn't move, or relinquish his grip on Sherlock's warm upper arms.
"Of course." John smiled, squeezing his hands. "Of course I do. I have for a long time." He cleared his throat, cheeks going the slightest bit ruddy. "It's just...well, you
Stunned and red in the face, Sherlock looked down with a wheeze of arousal and a taut bob of his penis, “
“Bring it,” John challenged, gripping his pillow and bracing himself resolutely.
Sherlock had no idea if this particular gang had perhaps grassed on some of their friends, and were now facing the vicious, deafening consequences. He closed his pale eyes, giving a few more fierce yanks at his bonds. He wasn't ashamed to emit a faint hiss in the dark dank gloom as he imagined never seeing John again.
about John, despite Mrs. Hudson's insistence that she did know the man who'd been living under her roof for a good many months now. He strode from her flat and made his way upstairs, already preparing for "Total Ignorance" mode which had worked on John before.
John relinquished his tender grip and strode purposefully from the lift, face set in a determined visage of denial. It was an obvious act. His arm was heavily bandaged and held stiffly at his side in a sling. Sherlock could see the pain every step caused in the tiny wince of John's eyes, the clenching of his jaw. Sherlock tried to get the door for him but John beat him to it, giving Sherlock a Look as he did.
"Well, I'm gonna make a brave start. Now that I'm here, I feel like a twat," John admitted, fiddling with his empty glass, watching it smear sticky puddles across the bar.
sleeping with someone else, Sherlock. Christ sake, I thought you'd have a bit more trust in me than that."
“Are you certain? Because I’m getting so many mixed messages from you I feel like bloody autocorrect,” John muttered without malice. He ran a firm thumb over the soft blue veins that pulsed warmly on the back of Sherlock’s pale hand. The late-afternoon grimy sun was low in a grey summer sky, and induced frowns and watery eyes with its bright heat.
He took a sip of his beer, pretending not to notice Sherlock sliding down the zip of his jeans and insinuating his fingers into the opening, stroking John's cock delicately. He stared straight ahead, trying to pay attention to some bullshit story his friend was telling while his cock throbbed into full hardness.
His next words were squeezed from him along with his breath as the taller man's considerable weight pressed heavily upon him, thrusting without rhythm and grunting vaguely. Sherlock moaned and then fumbled and pulled his mouth away with a gasp as they toppled over onto the floor together, landing in a heap beside the bed, colliding with the bedside table, which rocked unsteadily for a few seconds. In the dark, breathing raggedly, Sherlock shifted awkwardly, fidgeting and twisting, and it was only when he pressed back down to John, that he realised the man had just taken off his top. After taking a few more excited breaths, Sherlock huffed out a small, burst of laughter and nuzzled John’s naked shoulder as he tried to untangle them from the sheets in the space between the bed and the bedside that they’d fallen within.
Sherlock shivered at the pleasured, agonized moan John let forth as he did, and he eagerly took over fucking his fingers into his doctor, keenly watching for any reaction of pain in John's body. All he saw, though, as John urgently, breathlessly instructed him to insert another finger, was pure arousal. John's nipples were pebbled, hard, his skin covered in goose bumps, muscles jumping and shivering under skin which was starting to take on a slight sheen of sweat. And his cock, bobbing between them with the urgent movements of Sherlock's fingers as they drove into John's body, was rock hard, fluid beginning to pool at the tip.
is amazing. Truly."
"Oh...god...just here," John pulled one of Sherlock's hands forcefully to cup his testicles, sobbing out a desperate, almost-alarming cry of need. "Sherlock...Sh...Sh...oh...f..." John's vocal chords rapidly lost their strength, multiple syllables a burden and excess words a drain on shallow breath. He began to pump his hips viciously hard into his own fist, gritting his teeth and throwing his head back.
"I hardly think possessing a secret sex toy is on par with hiding the fact we were dating, John." Sherlock replied sarcastically. "Besides," he sniffed, adopting a superior expression, "you were the one indulging in an illicit wank in the shower this morning. What else was I supposed to do when my boyfriend is…unable to satisfy me?"
"We won't get caught." Shaun giggled, tossing his shirt playfully at John and shimmying out of his pants. "But we
"I..." There was a distinctive and notable pause as Sherlock gritted his teeth, squirming entirely unintentionally as the carnal undertones of John's voice made him shudder.
"No, you're not fucking going anywhere." Greg hissed, enabling the door locks. John turned to glare at him. "Look, I know the two of you are...together now. Or shagging or whatever the hell the two of you are to each other. But Sherlock wouldn't like you coddling him. He can do this sting. He doesn't need your sodding hovering over him like he's an infant." He clenched his jaw. "So just...settle down."
"Lift your legs a bit.." Sherlock directed, bending John's leg at the knee and, blushing again, helped him spread his thighs. He swallowed, eyes fixed on John's tightly furled hole, gripping the lube much too hard.
"The song."
"Well, yes. Alright. Just a bit."
." John hissed, finally spinning around and giving Shaun an angry glare. "I saw you earlier. All right? You and Wilkins? And then you come to me and...what? Want me to toss you off? Go find Wilkins and get him to."
"We've been together...for years. Not...
"Um..." John glanced at Sherlock's mobile, the screening lighting up with a new message. "What about the-"
. We both know I sounded absurd so yes, very clever, the joke's on me- now drop it."
!" He cried out as John spanked (Sherlock blushed even thinking the word) him again. His cock throbbed at the resultant pain and Sherlock bit his lip to hold in his moan. He didn't think he was supposed to be enjoying it as much as he was. But oh- how he was.
"What...yeah. Yeah, of course. I wouldn't..." He shook his head, looking bemused. "Wait...does that mean...?
"All right. What do you want to do?"
“I have some…um…
"I would like to make you reach orgasm." Sherlock suddenly declared, reaching for John's cock again. He stroked him quickly, speeding up the motions of his hand while at the same time squeezing, giving John the friction he'd been craving.
John was a bit hazy about how they'd got here. One moment they'd been talking, having an awkward conversation over coffee, and the next Shaun was dragging him away from prying eyes, dropping to his knees and-
." Sherlock growled through gritted teeth, listening to the irritating tones as John's mobile rang...and rang... Why wasn't he picking up-?
“Away from the cat?”
The man was grinning happily to himself when the single heavy door in the corner of the room opened, and another, younger-looking man who looked surprisingly upper-class, entered wordlessly and offered a plain white plastic lunchbox to Sherlock's tormentor.
John suddenly snorted, his eyes opening, gleaming with amusement. "Oh, god."
“Totem?”
John frowned, sighed, then capitulated, throwing the covers back over his overgrown child and ordering room service for tea and breakfast. By the time he got out of the shower, packed both their bags, and thanked the bell hop for the food, he judged it was more than time to get Sherlock up. He dry-swallowed his prescribed painkillers from the bottle in the bathroom, and approached the indolent brunette.
It'd be like Shaun said,though- you get me off. I get you off. Nothing more and nothing less. Just a simple sexual exchange.
"Thanks for the heads-up. Do you really sleep in my bed with me sometimes? Without my knowledge?" John asked casually over his shoulder, affecting indifference.
"How does it feel, Sherlock?" John asked, his voice hushed in the dark gloom of their sitting room. "Do you like this?" John's voice made Sherlock's stomach flip and flop, and, embarrassingly, he felt a bead of moisture well from the tip of his cock.
“Anything to postpone your Gentlemen’s Relish.”
John looked up towards Sherlock's face, and allowed himself a swift, shameless grin, all thin lips and endearing teeth.
“It’s fun to watch you suffer,” John replied, flashing his bright grin, before licking his thin lips tantalisingly.
Sherlock grimaced, gritting his teeth, his lean hips beginning to grind sweatily against the bed sheets. "...John!" He growled in a fierce, desperate admonition. "This...I..." There was a small pause, and a choked sob. "Don't look."
John sank down onto the bed and gently, as tenderly as he could, spread the soothing, cool cream over Sherlock's wounds. Sherlock moaned gratefully, relaxing against the bed.
A bizarre noise that encompassed a bitter hiss and a guttural groan of pleasure at the same time erupted from Sherlock's throat, his long fingers clenching repeatedly into irritable, damp fists, yearning to see John bringing about his own pleasure.
Sherlock was flushed a shocking pink which made his wide, pale eyes even more striking in comparison. "Um, can I just...just once? Now?"
Sherlock cleared his throat, blushing a little under Mrs. Watson's praise. "Please, excuse me one moment so that I may introduce myself properly," He said graciously, removing his coat, placing it on the back of his chair, and then extending his hand to John's mother. She blushed and tittered as they shook hands and gave her son a cheeky, approving smile as Sherlock shook hands with Mr. Watson.
"John...are you alright?"
"Sherlock f-fuck..." John groaned, his voice garbled, and Sherlock quickly jammed his cock back inside John's body, selfishly thrusting only a handful more times before he came, burying himself in the tight channel and spurting with a relieved, drawn-out moan.
the time," John insisted, following him.
"John!" Sherlock collapsed dramatically into his own armchair.
though. I…thought you weren’t interested in—I mean, I
"Sherl...you have no idea how gorgeous...how...
"...Sherl?" John asked, his logic dissipating in a matter of moments at the sight of his stunning lover.
Sherlock couldn't say it; the words were lodged in his throat, choking him. He gazed up at John who'd stopped by his chair, his face calm and patient, one eyebrow raised slightly as he waited for Sherlock to tell him what it was he wanted.
Sherlock was led back to the bedroom, where he furtively inhaled, taking in the pungent and mouth-watering particles of sex in the air, something that wasn't noticeable until you had left the room and encountered air untainted by pleasure. "...What are you going to do to me?" he asked in an unholy baritone, a childish intonation made fiendish by a grown-man's voice.
"I...you could pick whatever you wanted."
Sherlock felt high, positively
"...Need help," he croaked and John shook his head, smiling fondly at his overgrown child, knowing he was completely to blame for Sherlock's blissful lethargy and feeling incredibly smug about it.
touching herself until-
,” Sherlock insisted huffily.
"John insisted on delaying us," Sherlock said bluntly, and there was no hint of humour in his cold green eyes. "I'm guessing that with the new-found complacency of the perpetrator, you have some half-decent physical evidence this time? Don't place too much value on it, there’s a good chance it will have been planted and will have an obscure provenance to throw you off track. You're better off looking at past crimes with similar MOs. And this man will have a juvenile record of anti-social behaviour against non-specific individuals. Possibly even minor arson."
"No, Sherlock, of course I fucking haven't! It's early days, isn't it? Christ, I would have told them, but..."
Sherlock grinned at her. "Thank you for letting John and I stay here a few days."
"I love you," he whispered back, barely having time to get the words out before John was kissing him again. It wasn't like their other times, though. This kiss was slow. Deliberately so John unhurriedly moved his lips over Sherlock's, eliciting shivers and small moans as he did so, tongue gently running over Sherlock's only after long minutes of snogging.
The next time was easier.
Sherlock eagerly obliged, rolling onto his side and into John's arms, slotting their lips together and feeling John relax against him.
Pulling back, John licked around his mouth with a curious expression on his face. Swallowing, he met Sherlock’s glazed eyes briefly, and finally removed his own underwear, throwing it to the hardwood floor.
"Uh...that's not really the point of this, Sherlock." John smiled and this time it reached his eyes. "Look...I obviously surprised you thinking you meant to propose...and this isn't really the way I would have wanted this to happen...So let's...just step back. All right? Give ourselves time to think about it. Then...we can decide. If it's what you want."
John frowned, trying to sync up this Sherlock, who was blatantly begging for it, to the shy, blushing Sherlock of the past week, the one who had stealthily sneaked into John's room and wanked instead of waking him up and demanding sex like this one would have done.
"Somewhere you liked with..." Sherlock cleared his throat. "...Somewhere you like. Wherever you like."
He'd meant what he said more than a week ago at the flat- he fully planned on kissing every inch of Sherlock's body until the genius
"I'm going on a case." He announced in a small whisper. John didn't wake up but that was hardly Sherlock's fault. If John chose to be asleep when he told him where he was going...well...that was John's problem. With a clean conscience, Sherlock turned and quietly began packing his bag.
John visibly flinched at the words, swallowing thickly. Guilt knotted in his stomach and it was becoming a far too familiar feeling as the days ticked by. It only made his anxiety worse about full penetration. "So you want to end it, then?"
it. Come on, it might cheer you up."
John was still shaking from the quick, filthy, sloppy blowjob Shaun had given him in the empty medical tent- when he felt Shaun pressing his lips insistently against his. He accepted the closed-mouth kiss- then pulled a face as the remnants of his own ejaculate were forced into his mouth. He'd tasted it for the first time when he was thirteen, purely out of curiosity, and had never found the taste pleasant.
It was a matter of seconds before John adjusted his position and nuzzled and sucked at the beautiful red bruises that were already adorning Sherlock's previously flawless throat. He revelled in the memory of instigating them and the shuddery, breathless noises Sherlock had made as he antagonised them with a hungry tongue. He palmed Sherlock's hard prick through his trousers, teasing him with the pressure, loving the way Sherlock's hips rocked against him, seeking more, and the hungry little moan that echoed in the back of his throat.
Rolling up his shirt sleeves and blowing away a thick curl from his forehead, Sherlock scooted closer to John on their bench. He licked away a bead of sweat from the dent of his top lip and watched as the young family near the edge of the lake began to pack and make their way back to the park gates.
“I love you.”
Sherlock twitched from oversensitivity, grimacing at the dual sensations of pleasure and a screaming idea of ‘too much’ which warred through his body. His grit his teeth, cock twitching as John delved in his tongue in and out of his hole, legs tensing over and over with each swipe of that dexterous muscle.
, what do we do?" John murmured to Sherlock in despair. "Please tell me you know a builder who owes you a favour."
From his position on the floor, he glared at John indignantly.
"God..." The screen depicted the curly-haired man licking his lips, clearly trying to clean up the white mess decorating his face. There were a few more pictures, him staring at the camera while the other man had taken multiple photos of his debasement.
much –
"...Ten...years..." Sherlock whispered, gripping tightly yet exhaustedly to John's arms as John rode out the rest of his orgasm. Sherlock pulled away the tie blindfolding him and opened his eyes languidly. "Oh...
They had trained together at Bart's, been pretty close mates for a good few years. To be fair, they weren't exactly bosom buddies...it was a typical blokey relationship, where neither really cared to know more about the other except what football team he supported and their beer of choice. But what he had done to John...John had a strong suspicion Shaun had
“Perhaps you should sleep here?” Sherlock suggested.
," he hissed, panting.
"Because you're completely insatiable," his doctor told him, playfully running his palm over the damp bulge in Sherlock's underwear in demonstration.
Mrs. Hudson stood with a small tender smirk, smoothing down her deep-purple dress and bouffing her hair as she prepared to give her recalcitrant tenant a few parting words. Mr. Chatterjee’s  brother was looking after the sarnie shop today.
"Just kiss me. Talk to me. I want to know about you." John murmured, kissing him with exhausted, but totally-enthralled enthusiasm, gnawing on his lips. Shaun rolled his eyes where John couldn't see and heaved a sigh which he hoped the other man would interpret at exhaustion and not aggravation.
It was like a fever in his body. His testicles were drawn up tight against his body, ready to release. His cock pulsed in a helpless, desperate rhythm. His heart fluttered and he couldn't get enough air.
“…I enjoyed that pig leg you got me.”
"I don't care if we never had sex again." He hissed, glaring at the offending fabric where he thought Sherlock's face was. "We could never fuck again and I'd still be with you."
"Yes..." Sherlock whispered, excitement coursing through him at finally being able to touch John. He reached his John's cock- but John batted his hand away.
Sherlock jumped violently when he heard a sudden, familiar yell, piercingly loud despite the little vessel it came from.
"Fine. Why shouldn't I be?"
Sherlock's eyes narrowed. "I'm very happy I solved the case, John. Who said I wasn't?"
"N-no. It's…fine. I need to get used to it. I don't know why you want to though." He brushed past John on his way to the loo. John frowned, gazing after him thoughtfully.
Everyone's eyes were on him and they felt like knives boring into his back.
"Oh, fuck...Sherlock..." He heaved out a grunt, teeth gritted, and eyes closed, and shuddered. Damp, eager hips pumped against the delicious receptacle that was Sherlock's sweat-heated, tight thighs. "Close...tell me..." John managed to utter, on the absolute edge of ecstasy.
Mrs. Watson beamed at him. "Oh, how sweet. I'm fond of him myself, dear. I've always told him what an amazing person he is."
Molly had been hooked.
His quelling look surprised John. He saw the unease flicker across his otherwise happy, open face- and felt rather guilty at dampening John's good mood...then his arse twinged as the cab rounded a corner, and Sherlock stopped feeling guilty.
John was still mulling this over when Sherlock emerged from the loo. He didn't acknowledge John, stalking right past him and flinging his clothes about the room looking for something to wear. With a surge of annoyance, John unfolded his arms and seized the petulant, flailing child with a strong hand, halting him. He was greeted with an indignant scowl for his troubles.
"Stop that." John slapped at his hand, then yelped and slapped harder when Sherlock, not to be put off, probed between his slick cheeks and into his arse. "Stop it!"
"You've gained four pounds."
"This is-"
Shaun moved around the table quietly to sit in Sherlock's empty seat. John was downing a shot when the Irishman nudged him on the arm, causing John to turn and frown at him. A little hazy, he let Shaun lean a bit closer, and speak. "Perfect? Can he do everything we used to do?"
“See? Doesn’t it taste better when it’s honest?”
"I...can't believe it." Sherlock quietly admitted. "It doesn't seem real. Why…why would you love me?
"Why would
It seemed the sort of thing he would know about himself. He'd always had mates, been comfortable around guys...but he'd never thought about sleeping with them.
Yet another forcible ejection. Is this what people did when asked for advice? Did agony aunts spend all day physically assaulting people?
Sherlock licked his lips. "You're...stunning too."
"It's only been, like, three times, honest! In all these months, I swear," Shaun urged, glancing around before deciding it was safe to gently take John's hand. He hadn't been ignorant to John's obvious (if slightly unnerving) desire for physical intimacy and post-coital cuddles and chitchat. He hoped this might sway him.
"And if you require sexual release of any kind I want to be the one to provide it."
John frowned. "What makes you think I necessarily want sex?"
"Fuck no."
John smiled. He wasn't surprised Sherlock had something of a hair trigger. The man had been denying his body's urges for decades and everything they did was new for him. It probably shouldn't have, but being able to take Sherlock apart with just a few moves turned John on.
"Sherlock!" he snapped, unsure whether he wanted the man to stop because his voice was far too fucking persuading or the fact that he was angry he'd been manipulated. He had more control with the detective underneath him though, and as his strokes got harder, John was unable to form more than simple words and grunts. "
"-incident...but then you had to come back and act...like a fucking...five year old. All because you wanted sex. You wanted this." John cursed and started fucking into Sherlock again, as hard as he wanted, chasing his own orgasm, openly and selfishly.
"Shaun-"
"Do you really want to know?" John asked, grinning and Sherlock nodded, looking expectantly at him. "Then next time, I'll fuck you. And you'll know first-hand."
"Are you all right?" John asked, eying him with concern. "Here...let me get you something for..." He gestured vaguely where Shaun was rubbed red between his cheeks and plucked up a few antiseptic wipes. He used those to clean him up, feeling remorseful. "I'm so sorry." He said quietly, watching Shaun sit up with a hiss of discomfort. "Don't know what I was thinking letting you talk me into that."
