“It just sounds kind of odd, I never said I thought it was gross.” Cas states with a very goofy grin, in Dean’s opinion.
Once Castiel can breathe properly, Sam has scrambled out of the doors, apologizing to Gabe on behalf of Dean, kissing him on the cheek. Gabe had dropped his gaze to the floor once the door had clicked from being closed, all Cas can do is look at him for a solid minute before finding the right words to say to his little brother. He walks up, slightly giggles to himself, causing Gabriel to look up at him, and says, in all seriousness, “You are SO screwed, bro.” Laughing harder and walking out the doors. Before closing it he turns on his heel, looks back at his brother, “I’ll be in the car once you’ve picked your integrity off the ground!” shutting the door behind him.
I'm back, kinda. I will actually try to keep posting on a regular basis and not keep you guys hanging for ages, sorry about that. Next week is finals week so after that I have a month off to write and do nothing else so I should at least have a few ready to go for the first few months of the new year.
Dean climbed off of him and held out his hand to help him up. “Okay, here give me your hand you rolly polly.” He chuckled and pulled Cas up. As Castiel caught his breath Dean just stared at Castiel’s parted, pink, plush lips and his---Dean shook the thought out of his head and focused on his friend who, finally, has caught their breath. “Okay, spill.”
“Well i kinda figured out you weren’t straight when you were in seventh grade, i was just hoping you would officially come out before I would ever walk in on you doing anything with anybody but a girl.” pulling out of the parking lot and turning in the opposite direction of their home.
“Okay.” Is all Gabriel says, thinking oh he totally thinks he’s hot, but now he's pissed so lets make that better! “ Okay, but if you get married one day you so owe me some strawberry syrup covered bacon.” He says as Cas opens the door, flipping him off as Gabe is smiling like he won the lottery, when he flipped him off that quickly escalated to him laughing his ass off.
A few minutes later Dean came down the stairs wearing a pair of black jeans, and green Led Zeppelin t-shirt and a pair of black combat boots. Sam is already standing by the door with his backpack already on, he’s wearing a light wash pair of jeans, a black Pacman graphic t-shirt, a pair of black Converse high tops, with a green and yellow flannel tied around his waist.
“Please, Castiel, call me Ms. Fran, when you call me ‘ma’am’ it makes me feel old.” She said with a slight chuckle. Her face then fell and she looked directly into Cas’ eyes, I feel like she’s staring into my soul thought Castiel. “I am NOT old.” she said physically cringing as she said ‘old’. “Ask Dean here, he’ll tell you how I’ll react from experience.” Ms. Fran said with eyes of daggers as she glared at Dean.
“Mmk.” is all Cas said with a content look on his face, like all worry and nervousness left his body and didn’t even leave a trace.
He walked down the hall into the kitchen to make breakfast for him and his brother, he walked over to get some coffee and on the pot was a note that read, “I hope you boys have a great first day! Me and your mom will be home around 6:00 tonight, we have to work over a little to be able to be caught up in the department. We love you guys! <3 - Dad”
“You said it was the best ice cream so I had to make sure you weren’t lying.” Castiel says both matter-of-factly and rather dryly, causing Dean to laugh.
“Sure man!” Dean said while motioning Castiel down to the other end of the hallway with his head, “all of the seniors lockers are down there.”
“What?” Castiel asked only slightly concerned, still hanging on to the little bit left of his thoughts, glancing up to Gabriel eyes un-fogging from staring off into space. All Gabe can do is avert his gaze to his lap, where his land lay twisting with eachother, and point up into the crowd of cars and people. Diagonal to their bug, is a, you guessed it, 67’ Black Chevy Impala with equally shocked green eyes gazing into shocked blue ones.  Wide amber ones, decorated with two eyebrows close together and high on the forehead, glance nervously from Gabe to his lap, to his brother, back across the parking space at Gabriel.
“Yeah, I don’t even know why though, we aren’t even religious, it’s kind of odd but I like it.” Castiel rambled. “Sorry... didn’t mean to rant.”
“Uh-huh, sure honey, keep telling yourself that, I know what I heard, he was just confirming.” She said with an eye roll. “Goodbye boys.” she called as she sauntered off to talk to one of her friends with a shake in each hand.
“Language Arts, it’s right down the hallway,” Dean spoke pointing down the hallway to the room with a poster of all of Shakespeare’s plays. “She’s pretty cool if she likes you, do you read,” Castiel nodded, “she’ll like you, and she’s a great teacher. I had her last year also.”
Sam glanced down at both of their schedules in his hands to compare them. “It’s all good man, we have all of our classes together.”
“You know, you should really pursue in the art of show biz, you’d be hilarious!” Castiel says wiping at an imaginary tear, “Girls would go crazy for you.” Castiel says matter-of-factly, putting his hand to his forehead, leaning back, and sighing heavily.
“Hey, I had to do something special for my big senior on the first day of school!” Mary replies. “And my big freshman!” she adds after Sam scoffs.
I got quite a few kudos so I decided to continue it, I’d like to thank everyone, and please stick with me, I don’t have a good posting schedule yet. My apologies.
They got into Cas’ baby blue Volskwagen bug and Cas plugged his phone into the aux cord, Queen began playing immediately.
“Boys!” Principal Jared’s voice echoed throughout the school over the old intercom system. “Other students will be arriving in around 10 minutes.”
At 6:55 Castiel racked his knuckles on the bathroom door, “Come on Gabriel, we need to leave, i do not want to be late to the first day of school!”
When they arrive at the school, Dean shuts off the engine and looks around the parking lot to only see one car, a baby blue, Volkswagen bug. The principal does not drive a baby blue Volkswagen bug, so they must be the new kids, and the principal isn’t even there yet because it is 7:08 in the morning.
“OH GOD! Guys, I dont’ want to see that! Can you two please, for the love of all that is living, stop face battling! You guys can’t disappear like that, especially you Gabriel, we have no idea where we are, and for you Sam because you’re brother is super overprotective.” As Castiel spoke this both the boys faces turned bright red, starting on their ears, necks, and then spreading to their faces.
Castiel, stunned, didn’t say anything, which caused Dean to pull back and look Castiel in the eye to convince him that Dean wasn’t mad or upset. When he looked into Castiel’s shocked eyes, it warmed his heart, and they stood  like that for a few minutes, neither one breaking the gaze, finally Dean said “God, I’m so happy I could kiss you.” Except he said it so quietly and sincerely Castiel blinked, blushed and received a shot of corague from some unknown source.
Both dean and Sam glanced at the papers in their hands and simultaneously spoke, “We Go this way.” Pointing in opposite directions.
No one gets out of their cars until 7:12 when the principal arrives and has unlocked the school doors. Dean and Sam get into the building about two minutes before the new kids, I bet they just don’t want to come in yet and are preparing themselves, he thinks to himself. Then when the doors open behind them, he and Sam turn around and think, DAMN!, except about two different people, and it’s one of those two syllables damns too.
“Dude, come on. It’s the first day of school, could you not wait at least a week before you stick your tongue down someone’s through?! Let alone the guy I have the hits for little brother?!” Cas embarrassingly and annoyingly tells Gabe as he finally gets into the car.
“I don’t know, and that doesn't make me an asshole, ya asshat.” Cas says voice lined with his concern for his younger, irresponsible younger brother. “And I’m sure they’re around her somewhere, I’ll check the cars.” Cas adds already walking towards the side of the parking lot the parked on. He thinks he hears response from Dean, but is too far away to make out what he says.
“One of the flavors is named Sioux Falls Pothole! What flavor even is that?” Cas asks ponting at the sign listing all of the ice cream flavors.
“Okay, first of all, my Doritos are not ‘demon chips’ just because they’re spicy, secondly back to the original topic, how come you never told me you played soccer?!”
“Ugh, fine,” Cas starred as his feet, ashamed, “IwascoldandyouwnettogogetsnackssoItookoneofyoursweaters.”
“No, stop, Dean, stop, I-I can’t-can’t- I can’t breathe!” Catiel said in between laughs and breathes.
Now this hallway is always empty because it doesn’t lead to anything other than outside, it’s kind of a small hallway about 15 feet long and 6 feet wide with extra lockers, (that are never used), the only people who use it are dean and who ever he’s taking with him. He had told Sam to meet him by the car, not telling him about the secret hallway, so can you imagine his, and Cas’ reactions when they exit the doors and turn the corner to see Gabriel and Sam making out, quickly ending because of the creak as the door opened.
“Odd flavors?!” Dean could be a great actor with how dramatic he is over the silliest things, Castiel thinks as he watches Dean gauk. “These are not odd flavors, Cas.” Dean adds with the most childest pout, a five year old couldn’t do better.
Finally a red SUV drives into the Principal Parking Only spot and hurries to the building and unlocks the doors. The two other students get out of the car and walk to the doors, the taller, obviously older one, turns around to look back at the bug and MY GOD… his eyes are a majestic green. He turns around and walks through the doors.
Cas nodded understandingly, “I was wondering can we go to my locker, so I can think about how far my walk is from class to class?”
-They were just around the corner talking of the building *wink* *wink* *nudge* *nudge* *fake coughs* makin’ out *fake coughs to cover up dialogue super smoothly*
“I’m sorry, what was that?” Dean questioned, not understanding a word that came out of the other boy's mouth.
I swear I didn't abbandoned this fic, I have had life happen this past few months, I am SO SORRY!!!!!! It has been hectic, I will not promise anything anymore about following a schedule, clearly I can't handle one. So i will post when I finish a chapter, i am SOOOOOO SORRY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love you guys so much, and again I am SO SORRY! I will try harder to post much more frequently.  Again so super-duper sorry!!! <3
“You as well, ma’am.” Castiel said with one of his gummy smiles that drove Dean insane with how cute they were.
“Do we have to always listen t….” Gabe whined, being quickly cut off by Castiel, “Yes. My car my music, my rules.”
“I am ready Cas,” he said opening the door, “calm your shits.” Gabe was wearing one of his iconic Hawian shirts.
“I wasn’t knocking it, I was just commenting on the unique name.” Cas replies cautiously not wanting to actually offend Dean about his hometown ice cream joint’s creativity.
“So you agree you like him.” Gabe says with a smirk despite the fact his cheeks are still painted a rose of embarrassment.
“Not until you agree to tell me when and WHY you were in my closet!” Dean said through giggles as he watched his best friend turn red, knowing full and well that he wouldn't last long.
“ Oh shit is right!” Dean yells, making all three people jump. “There are perfectly good supply closets and empty restrooms right now that the doors lock..” Dean says it as if that is the most obvious thing in the world. He walks past the  pair, still standing fairly close together, smacking Sam’s head on the way there, to walk out the door which allows access to the world.
“Did you really have to threaten bacon?” he asked with a smile while putting his plate in the sink and shoving the rest of his bacon in his mouth. Then he turned around and walked into the bathroom, closing the door to get ready. Cas just rolled his eyes and huffed a laugh, walking over to the sink to wash Gabe’s dish.
“Could you at least tell me that you aren’t straight before I catch you making out with the new kid after school?” Dean asked Sam as soon as he opened the passenger side door.
“Really?!” all the amusement drained from Castiel’s face and he glanced around the surrounding. “No one is around us how could I be making a sce...YOU ASSHOLE!” Cas looked at Dean who was biting his bottom lip while trying, and failing, to suppress a laugh. He then proceeded to hop, while spinning, from foot to foot, laughing.
Castiel stops walking grabbing his brother by the nape of his shirt and dragging him back so that he can face him. “No i do not, and if you could shut up about it, it would make today go a lot more smoothly.”
Principal Jared was the first to break the awed silence with a slight cough, “ Welcome to Sioux Falls High! As a reminder I’m principal Jared, and Castiel, this is Dean Winchester.”
“No i didn’t, Dean told be about this ice cream place that i needed to try its apparently quote un-quote ‘the literal best fuckin’ ice cream in the world!’ And no, you don’t get any.” Castiel said all of this rather dryly even though inside his heart was going a million miles a minute thinking about the conversation with Dean. They were talking during study hall and got scolded multiple times, but neither of them stopped, about things in the town. Dean told him about a really good diner, apparently, with phenomenal bacon cheeseburgers and apple pie. Castiel had laughed at this comment, asking Dean if he was planning on dying at age 65, he replied with the fact that he’ll die happy and full. He then proceeded to tell castiel about other good spots and ending with the ice cream shop, and how he had said that he would “Love to take you there sometime,” blushing rather furiously, surprising himself how quickly that came out and continuing with “Ya know, so-so you could-uh- have someone guide you one the… Ice-cream-flavors.” cringing as the the last part came out.
“Fine! But if we get yelled, I’m blaming you! And it’s SAM!” he yelled slamming the door behind him.
“Probably making out somewhere inappropriate again.” Cas says rather dryly, which earns him a rather painful punch to the arm.
I am sorry that I kinda abandoned  this fic. Time and inspiration got to me and I just stopped writing. These past few months have been rough which is why time seemed to disappear and I got major writers block. School has been a struggle and now more than ever because of CoVid-19. About a week after I started this fic, my boyfriend of 1 year and 1/2 cheated on me and had been for months, but that's fine. After that I started loosing the "happy fic" mentality, which is why I've changed a few of the tags, because this will not be all happy, there will be angst and most likely some implied smut, no actual smut. This fic will have a happy ending just so you guys know, and I'm also trying to write a few chapters right now and then update those weekly. Past those chapters, I don't know when I will update. I will try weekly, but with everything going on right now I don't know how easy that will be yet.  I am very sorry though that I just abandoned it. I will try to finish this and it might take me a while but, I will either finish this or publish another apology down the road for officially abandoning this fic. I can promise you that I will write more, it just might not be this fic. It also might be Drarry instead of Destiel, but I will be writing more if I abandoned this.  Again, I am so sorry!!! Thank you guys for reading this btw! <3
“Hello dear, I’m Ms. Fran, Dean’s neighbor. Me and his grandmother were very close friends before she passed, his mother is like a daughter to me.” She said after taking a moment to glare at Dean before smiling in Castiel’s direction and offering a hand, which  Castiel immediately took. “It’s a  pleasure to meet you.”
“Now, you're the one making the scene!” Castiel said while gripping his stomach and pointing at a grey-haired, died baby blue, older women looking at the two of them in disgust. Once Dean could breath well enough to stand up straight and look where Cas was pointing, the smile on his face was wiped off.
“I realize that now, dumbass!” Cas says with mock anger, rolling his eyes, and returning his gaze to his feet. Glancing up to see Dean’s wonderful acting of hurt, and trying to hold back a smirk and ending up barking out a laugh.
“Umm, Dean Winchester.” Dean replied, trying his best to act as nonchalant as possible with this beautiful boy staring at him.
Gabe rolled his eyes as they arrived in the school parking lot, the empty school parking lot, because it’s 7:04, they are 26 minutes early. At 7:08 a beautiful black 67’ Chevy Impala, in great condition, pulls up about 6 spaces to their left, not in the principal’s parking spot.
They walked out the door, Sam scurrying to the passenger seat, which had Dean rolling his eyes and lightly chuckling. Dean through his backpack in the back seat and hopped in the driver's seat and started his Baby up. They drove all of the 15 minutes in silence except for the purr of her engine and the humming of the wheels on the pavement.
“I’m serious, asshole,  I don't see them anywhere.” Dean says spinning on his heel so that he can gaze upon the entire parking lot and outdoor seating area.
“I’m giving you an out, okay? You guys go and sit at a picnic table and I tell Dean that you guys were talking around the corner.” Castiel said with a stern look, almost fatherly, or like that one really cool uncle, at least that’s the vibe Gabe gets. “So Sam, you can chill I won’t tell him that you two were making out,” Sam exhales a breath, “ONLY, if you please, for all that is living, stop making out whenever you two get your hands on each other. Deal?” Castiel still has the stern, ‘I’m-your-uncle’ look glued to his face.
“Yeah, I'm fine, let’s go.” Castiel replies already halfway out the car. Gabriel gathers his things and hurries after his brother.
Castiel woke up at five in the morning to get ready for his first day of senior year at a new school. He woke up this early for the soul reasons that he was nervous as hell and excited to sleep any longer, so he got up and showered. Cas got dressed, he decided to wear his favorite pair of jeans and shirt, and for extra comfort, he also decided to wear his leather jacket because it gave off a badass vibe. He wanted people’s first impressions of him to be good, and being thought of as badass is great.
“Wait, is that what happened to my orange sweater?” Dean asked with a small smile playing on his lips, he saw the blush creep up Castiel’s face and he looked far more intently at his shoes.
“They must be the kids showing us around for our before school in-depth campus tour.” Gabriel said amused, Cas only replied with a scoff.
“I, um, was cold and you went to go get a snack so I took one of your sweaters.” Castiel said, his voice getting quieter as he spoke. He didn’t mean to keep it or not tell Dean, it just was so soft, and warm, and it smelled so good, like woodsy cologne and leather, like Dean.
Their last class, gym, both boys fairly athletic, so the class was an easy A. During gym they usually had to pick a partner, usually Dean was with Jo, his best friend and sister figure, but this year, they didn’t have the same class, so Dean asked Castiel if he wanted to be partners. (not even thinking twice about it before asking.)
Castiel giggled at the face Dean pulled after grabbing the wrong chips, “Excuse me, I believe those are MY chips, here are your demon chips.”  He said passing a purple bag of chips in Dean’s direction.
“It could be though!” Gabe said this and Castiel, not even looking at him could hear the sly smile in his voice and picture it on his face. “By the way, sweet cheeks, you went the wrong way.”
“Yes, I'm sorry, I never meant to take it, I just forgot it was on and thought it would be weird if I returned it later.” He said ashamed and embarrassed.
“Yes you can, if you lose the attitude, if you don’t I'm taking away the bacon.” Cas said with a smile while also being serious, kinda.
Dean hates school, he’s not horrible at it, but also not the best. Fortunately, it’s his senior year so he only has to deal with this shit another year. They’re apparently receiving a new student, and he’s ready for that. Rumors always fly around town when someone new arrives in town, but it’s always a surprise to see what they actually look like, because the rumors are usually very far off from the truth.
As the day went along, the boys sat beside each other in every class, and by some miraculous grace, they all four had lunch together. Some might say it wouldn’t be cool to sit with your younger sibling at lunch, but neither Dean or Cas minded because both Sam and Gabe were pretty chill. Yes, they had their moments, everyone does, but besides that, they were reasonable and probably both of the older boys foundation. Who knows what would happen to Dean and Cas if they didn’t have the responsibility of taking care of their brothers? (Even though Sam not Gabe needed them as much as they wanted to believe that they did.)
I am SO SORRY this took me so long to upload and it's super short, these past two weeks got away from me before I even realized it. I will be trying to post every Saturday and I apologize if i get off that schedule, but you know, life happens. Please forgive me, and please enjoy this embarrassingly short chapter.
Dean tries to cover up his laugh with a cough, which sounds absolutely inhuman which makes Dean bust out laughing and Cas crack up even harder than before.
Through his laughter, he could only get out a fraction of sentence without dying once more, Cas was giving him a Sam level bitch face. “Ohmegod! *Laughter* you should have seen *wheezing* your face!”
I have so much i wanted to put into this chapter, so i decided to split it into i think only two parts, to spare you a long ass chapter, this one's really short. BTW still haven't come up with a posting schedule, but i will try my hardest to post weekly.
“Okay, it will take me 15 minutes at maximum, so can i please enjoy my breakfast for a few minutes before stressing?”
“There’s a wall there, sweets.” Dean breaths out of breath, only after calming down after laughing for about two and a half minutes.
“HEY LARPing is a fun way to hang out with friends and to--WAIT who told you I LARP? Was it Sam?” Anger quickly filled the teens eyes as he bolted up from the basement couch ready to murder his younger sibling. “That little bit-”
“Umm, *cough* Ms. Fran, this is my friend Cas..tiel.” He said blushing like a mad person, looking at his feet like they were the one who did this, and rubbing the back of his very red neck.
“Alright, so Sam didn’t tell you, then who did, I know Charlie wouldn’t do that, so how did you find out.” The anger he felt earlier casting a brief shadow on his tone of voice.
“UUUGGGHHH! It is six in the fucking morning Cas, why in hell am i being woken up this early.” he said it like it was the world’s largest inconvinence. “Wait,” he said while sniffing the air, “is that bacon?” his face lit up as Cas smiled and shook his head to reply.
Castiel chuckled at his brothers love for bacon, while following him down the hallway to the kitchen, “You even got strawberry syrup! May I repeat myself? Best brother ever!” Gabriel said with a mouthful of bacon covered in strawberry syrup, just how he liked it.
Dean, sensing Castiel’s sudden awareness, held back a laugh and ended up coughing. “ okay so our first class is History, the teachers kind of a bore, but I heard the material is easy.”
“Well, let’s go then,” Dean said, feeling exhilaration for the first time in weeks. “We get in, get Cas, get out.”
“That’s where you’re wrong, Sammy.” Dean grinned, feeling more certain with every moment. “We have a witch in training, the new God, and a guy who’s been to the Empty and back.”
It didn’t take Jack long to transcribe it. He set his pencil down and pushed the message back over to Dean.
Again? Dean felt sick at the implication of that and reached out to touch him, to convince him that he was really there to rescue him, but Castiel shoved him, hard, and took off running further into the darkness. “Cas, wait!”
The room flashed for a moment. The walls went static and lost their texture for a mere second, but Dean didn’t miss it. Castiel knew, even if he didn’t want to admit it to himself.
Today was an alright day. Dean certainly didn’t feel happy, but he was functional. That was good enough, right? Sam sat across from him, diligently researching and looking to see if maybe witchcraft could help. It made Dean feel worse, to see Sam coping so well. Even with Cas gone, he could focus for more than half an hour at a time, yet here Dean was with twenty tabs and no idea what he was doing with any of them. One was an article about a pie fest coming to Akron, Ohio, but Dean closed it, unsure as to why it had been open in the first place. He would have time to eat pie after they got Cas back.
The words didn’t even echo. It was like they were absorbed by the air itself. Everything was empty. There was no sensation. No light, no sound, no motion. Dean could barely tell if there was an up or a down, or if the floor he walked on was real. Maybe Sam had been right about doing more research, but this was a place where one could go mad.
Castiel looked beautiful in that moment, scruffy and on his second cup of coffee, with wild hair and bright eyes. He wore Dean’s pajama’s still, even though they had gone on a shopping trip to get him a whole wardrobe a week ago. Maybe that was why Dean was finally able to ask him the question that had been on the tip of his tongue for days.
“You’ve been there now. You know how cold and hungry it is. It’s… well, it’s dead. What you don’t know is how the Shadow torments you. How you lose track of what’s real and what’s a memory.”
“Wha’ if he wakes up?” Dean asked, using his free hand to wipe the sleep from his eyes. “I don’t wan’ him to wake up alone.”
There was no destination to their journey and even Dean didn’t know where they were going. All he knew was that they were going away. To distract himself from the road, he paid more attention to the music, only to balk at it.
Dean had forced Jack to be more than a child. At first, he’d thought it was the right thing. He remembered pride swelling in his small chest whenever John had treated him like an adult. While his peers were in the Boy Scouts, Dean earned his badges of merit practicing his shooting, caring for Sam, hustling pool, all to get a contented slap on the shoulder if he was lucky. He had been content with that and had longed (at first) to be more like the man he was expected to be.
, Dean. And when he wakes up, he’ll be able to finally live however he wants. He’ll be free, just like you.”
In Chapter 8, I asked if anyone would be interested in seeing some of my notes / etc so here they are!
“’M fine, Sam.” Dean kept his tone stiff as he pulled out a seat, unwilling to become the sobbing mess again in front of his brother. Maybe Sam understood that, as he changed the subject after a beat.
Castiel, on the other hand, looked blissfully happy. He outstretched his hand to Dean’s own and his long, deft fingers curled around Dean’s.
[Nightmare. Cas thinks he's back in the Empty because he's more fucked than he lets on. Dean gets it; he's fucked in the head, too. They all are. This hits Castiel hard; it's been years since he last slept/had a nightmare. He's so incredibly out of his element and Dean is a comfort in the way his grace use to be, back when he was an angel. Dean takes him to the DeanCave to distract him because it's what Dean does for himself instead of drinking so much. They're all healing, slowly. Dean remembers Castiel's affinity for cartoons and seeing him read the Saturday Evening Post. Castiel is comforted by age, by relics, much like Mary was. Dean leaves the channel on some old cartoon channel rather than the shit early morning tv Cas binged on when he was depressed.]
Dean’s head snapped up, eyes damp and throat constricted from grief. Jack stood in the doorway with a tray of food. Had so much time already passed?
Dean swallowed thickly as emotion rose within him, but managed to keep pushing it down, holding it back. He would deal with it later, once he was alone in his room and sure that Sam wouldn’t walk in. He finished cooking up the burgers and took a few steps over to where he had already laid out the plates and hamburger buns.
“I got her killed,” Castiel said softly, speaking for the first time since Naomi. His gaze was caught on the body of his female vessel, bloodstained and abandoned in the grass. “My questions…my doubts…”
Once again, Dean had the striking feeling that he was running out of time. What if he couldn’t wake Cas?
Castiel sleepily turned his head towards Dean’s voice and opened his eyes for a heartbeat before startling upright, his hand falling out of Dean’s. Jack was there, first to steady him and then to hug him, burrowing his face in Cas’ neck. Sam helped Dean up and for the first time he noticed Miracle had been curled up on his legs. She eagerly licked at his face and Dean turned away to avoid the worst of it, smiling until he saw Castiel.
Sam let out a shaky breath when Jack was gone, and Dean saw the tear treads running down his brother’s face. Down both of their faces. He pulled Sam into a hug, though even he wasn’t sure who it was meant to comfort.
After seeing Sam off, Dean walked into the kitchen and found Jack sitting there with a bowl of Krunch Cookie Crunch.
Dean looked back to Castiel, deep in his book, and to the message on the table beside him. He picked the paper up, grateful that he could interact with it, but if Castiel saw, he said nothing.
Hell, maybe this was why Castiel watched him sleep and dream for all these years. In dreams, the good ones at least, that was what he did. He let himself simply
Sam, for his part, was watching Dean, taking in and gauging his reaction. Well, what was the damn point of the drive if neither of them was enjoying it?
Dean remembered what Hell had made him. He had been broken beyond repair, barely human anymore after four topside months or forty years down below. But Castiel had done it. Cas had put him back together, and he was still kicking. But two topside months in the void of the Empty…he didn’t want to think of what it could have done to Castiel. With strange certainty, he promised to himself that he would do the same. No matter what had happened or how broken he might be, Dean would be there to help piece him back together.
Dean could understand his interest in watching. It was nice to not be involved in the messiness of life for a little while, and he himself enjoyed this…fantasy where things were, well, damn near perfect. Everyone was free to just be, with no conflict or worry.
Still, everything was different. Their conversations were silent, unspoken, and Dean felt like he never saw him anymore, despite living under the same roof. Hell, they only lived down the hall from each other, but Cas always found a way to distance himself. He went on a walk. He went for a drive. He took Jack to a store a few hours away or to the movie theater. Thank fuck he hadn't gone on a hunt yet.
Dean felt dizzy thinking about it all: how old and other Castiel was, everything he had seen in his incredibly long life. And yet…
Dean circled Castiel and tried to catch his eyes, unsuccessfully. Dean hesitated for a moment. He had his difficulties coming to terms with Castiel’s confession, with the difference between a human and an angel, but the more he thought about it, the more he realized there was no difference. Castiel spoke from his heart, he always had. He was earnest and true and said what he felt with no qualms. And if he could speak his truth, so could Dean.
“Last time I was human… The biggest issue was the loneliness. I didn’t have anyone I could trust or talk to. My brothers and sisters resented me. I didn’t have a home. I didn’t quite know who I was, didn’t have a mission or a purpose... It was jarring, to say the least. Overwhelming.” Castiel paused in thought for a moment. “But it was different. A good different.”
He was in a clearing now. Trees stood on one side and a large yellow house on the other. He could see a small cluster of people outside and soon was close enough to hear a woman screaming. A figure walked out of the house, a man in a tan suit. A flock of three women in pastel dresses followed him as he headed down the path leading away while two others, a man and a woman, doubled back into the house. Dean moved a little closer in order to find out what they were saying.
The moment the door closed, Dean realized he was in over his head. His eyes could make out nothing ahead of him, and his flashlight barely cut into the gloom. He would have to go by sound.
“No,” Jack replied, a vein of frustration clear in his voice. “It’s not a shift. Nothing I do with the ring makes it make sense.”
Now that Castiel had been human for a few weeks, Dean started to notice little changes and distinctly
,” Castiel said dryly, peeling off his blazer in turn, and hanging all of the wet garments at the top of the steps. Even at a distance, Dean could see water dripping off the dress shirt.
“It's pretty quiet,” Sam said once Dean returned, taking the offered beer. Dean hummed in agreement.
happened, and the jacket smelled heavily of the cedar dresser, but Dean couldn’t help but feel calmer in it as he headed down to the dungeon.
“Yeah, Jack, I do.” Dean rubbed at the back of his neck as he walked half a circuit around the room. “I’ve been horrible to you, man, I’ve—I’ve been like
Dean looked at it again in thought. “What if the capital and lowercase letters are the As and Bs? Maybe he wrote it out so that A was lowercase, and capital was B?”
cry, unlike Sam and Jack. No, he just had something in his eyes. A lot of something. He left for a few minutes to get more popcorn only to find Jack inconsolable.
Just like that, everything clicked. Cas didn’t want to leave; he was just doing the same thing as when he left Dean on the couch earlier. He was trying to prevent things from being uncomfortable, but he was blinded by his own fear of slipping up. Their differing feelings were keeping them apart, but there was no difference.
Dean understood now, why when April came out and offered him somewhere to stay for the night, Cas went with her. He was trusting as a human, the first go-around at least. Maybe that was why it had hit him so much harder when Dean had forced him to go.
“Maybe you would like Scooby Doo.” Castiel turned to him, brows furrowed. “Uh, the cartoon we were trapped in a few years ago.”
Castiel shook his head violently, backing away. The hat pinned to his hair came loose and fell down into the dewy grass. The others paid no mind.
Dean stumbled backwards, horrified. The darkness consumed him once again, almost soothingly. It was better than whatever he had just seen. What had it—Was it a memory? That…that had been Castiel—
And my mind was empty – or it was as though my mind had become one enormous, anaesthetized wound. I thought only
Dean startled at the question. “What? No, of course not. Lucifer killed him. You were just a kid. It was too much and I was angry and grieving.”
[half-cocked knee-jerk choices, some grand scheme to save him but oh no! Dean’s the only one who can go! Who would have thought, it’s almost like they have a
“Okay, so we figure it out,” Dean said in a measured tone. “He’s counting on us; we need to bring him back.”
Jack raised his hand in farewell before turning away from them. He started to walk away, towards some of the people they had saved, taking Dean’s hope away with him.
Dean left, and when he came back, the conversation was over. They watched something, but Dean’s thoughts were far too wrapped up in Castiel’s fate.
“I don’t know when I fell in love. It’s just always been there. Like your anger. Loving you is a part of me, Dean.”
“I…” Castiel tucked his head back against Dean’s chest. “I trust you with this part of me. There’s no one I would rather have keep it. I don’t quite know how to explain, but I don’t regret it.”
“Cas, wake up!” He was silent for a long minute to ensure his noise was the only noise, but Castiel didn’t stir. He tried again. “Hey! Cas!”
Jack offered him another bright look and squeezed Cas’ hand for a moment before heading out into the hallway, leaving Dean alone with Castiel and overwhelmed.
“According to Jack, I slept for almost three days after I was brought back. I didn’t particularly feel the need to sleep more.” Jack turned at the mention of his name but Miracle vied for his attention as well, and ultimately she won out.
Dean did remember last time when they had nearly gotten ganked by Sam’s legs and lactose. Garth had to step in and save their asses on a run-of-the-mill case. But still—
A spark caught in Jack’s eye and he shifted into a cross-legged position before continuing. “Cas was happy enough, before. None of this takes away from our memories with him. But confessing to you, that was being honest and true to himself. He was able to be accept himself and be happy
The next memory was dark. Dean could feel rain kissing his skin and looked up. It was night, and he was in a cold alleyway among apartments. He turned, looking for someone he knew had to be here somewhere and his breath stopped.
Dean nodded his agreement and turned his head to Cas, who clearly was trying to find the words to say something more.
“And nobody says we will, Dean,” Sam said, softly. “But we just defeated God. Things are different now.”
“C’mere, kid.” Dean opened his arms and instantly Jack was in them, clinging to him. He had already lost one dad; Dean wasn’t going to let him lose another. “Don’t worry, I’ll bring him home.”
Castiel took the vial and placed it over Dean’s heart, where his hand had been moments before, and shifted his hand to Dean’s shoulder before the two of them went to bed.
Excited, Jack went over to the bookshelves and pulled out a book on codes that Dean didn’t even know they had. Dean, on the other hand, pulled out his phone and did a search.
“You’re finally free. That’s what you wanted, isn’t it? You can…do whatever you want, like sleep in or have an…apple pie life.” He said the words carefully, as though he didn’t know what they meant. It was a strange mix of childlike innocence and cosmic omniscience.
“I was talking to Sam and…” Jack stepped in and put the tray on the table by Dean. “He told me that you and Cas have a profound bond.” Jack perched himself on the corner of the bed, knees drawn up to his chest. “And I was there when Cas made his deal, to…to save me. He made me promise not to tell you, or Sam. He didn’t want you to worry, or me.”
Like clockwork, the door at the top of the stairs swung open and in walked Cas, Jack, and Miracle, all soaked and muddy.
“Right. Well.” Miracle tugged at her leash and they all started walking again. “I still don’t like it.”
How do you guys write? Do you have a writing schedule and plan it out or do you just sort of go for it like I do?
Jack’s eyes were soft and far too knowledgeable for a three-year-old.  “You think that this is your fault.”
want?” Dean asked after a beat. “I mean, you didn’t want to be human, or stuck like this. Even with me and Sam and Jack, this can’t be something you wanted.”
Miracle whined loudly again and Dean allowed himself to get back into bed to lay with her until she was a little happier. He absentmindedly scratched Miracle’s head while waiting for the throbbing ache in his head and chest to dissipate. He settled for one of the two and, after a few hours, made his way out of his room.
“Hey, Cas,” he greeted, lacing their fingers together as he took a seat. Unsurprisingly, there was no response.
“Of course you can come home, Jack.” Dean wrapped him in a tight hug and felt his chest constrict as Jack hugged back just as intensely. “We missed you so much, kid.”
Dean blanched at the idea. He didn’t want to think of that, of Garth and Bess and their three kids sent to a place where they would kill or be killed for the rest of time. “No, of course not.”
They went down to Dean’s room first, and Dean quickly pulled together a few outfits, enough to last Cas a few days until they went shopping. Then they crossed the hall to Cas’ room, where he started putting them away.
“Sam said you hadn’t been getting enough lately,” Jack said without looking up. “I thought it’d be best.”
“And I get that, I do. But we’re not heroes of Chuck’s story anymore. We don’t know how things are going to change. Remember last time?”
“Billie cares about the souls, Dean. They really care about fixing things. That was why they tried to become God in the first place. Billie understands how to make the hard choices, and what we need to do to keep the universe in balance, even without Chuck and with me on Earth. They're even letting us bring people back. People who shouldn’t have died. People who were wronged by the universe.”
Dean left. He knew how this ended, and it ended with Cas dead, hands tied behind a chair. He didn’t need to see it happen again.
“I wouldn’t have given it to you if I didn’t. It’s a piece of me, yes, but it’s hardly my whole life… I’m still me.”
longer but it got out of hand so i apologize for cutting it short. just know that cas has only kind reassurances to tell his son)
“I love you, too, Cas. You can have me. You always could have.” Dean paused to draw a breath. “Please come back. Stay with me.”
“Better not let Jack or Cas hear you say that,” Sam said with a laugh. “They love some of her stuff.”
Despite everything he had seen over billions of years, everything he had experienced, he wanted to be with Dean?
Dean could practically see the light at the end, even as they walked into the memory of the Sunders.
Sam started chanting a spell—Dean still thought that was so cool, his little brother was a witch—as he threw various dried herbs that Dean didn’t recognize into a bowl. With a pop, it caught fire and purple smoke crept out and around Dean, enveloping him completely for a heartbeat before dissipating.
[They leave the warmth and security of the fantasy. The cold emptiness bites even deeper now; Castiel shudders. They know it will be okay; Castiel has something to fight for: Jack the Winchesters, love, his own agency. He realizes his own worth—a la 15x17 conversation with Jack. They’re leaving like Dean came in because they’re too deep in Cas’ mind for Cas to reach (hence why Jack couldn’t wake him even outside of the Empty.]
Jack didn’t need to be told twice. Sam set down the dish he was drying in favor of starting the popcorn.
“I…” The new God looked down, unable to meet anyone’s eyes. “I don’t think so.” Dean couldn’t keep his face from crumpling. “Last time, Cas had something to come back to; he wasn’t ready to die. This time, he made a deal. He offered himself up to keep me safe…” Jack paused fondly before finding Dean’s gaze. “And he did the same for you.”
Castiel has a nightmare and Dean realizes how much the Empty and his memories are still affecting him.
Castiel grumbled softly as Dean got out the creamer but still held out his mug for Dean to add to until it was a little lighter in color.
Come back come back come back. Come back because I need you so. And you do not need me and why should you come back... Only because I want you and need you…
. If he strained, he could make out the tap of his shoes against the floor, but that was all. There was one thought stuck in his mind, one confession playing over and over as he walked.
[Distinction between OUR Cas and previous forms. Remember who he is and what he is. But he’s still our angel. Still all Cas.]
Sam made sure Jack came with him to research. Better to keep the kid occupied than let him worry. Dean took Castiel to room 15 on his own. He set him on his bed, made sure he would be comfortable, draped a blanket over him. For all intents and purposes, it looked like Castiel was just taking a nap, yet it set Dean on edge. He didn’t know what it was, but something felt off. Wrong.
It didn’t take long for Sam to call Rowena and get some things together. She agreed to teach Sam as much witchcraft as he needed to know and invited him to stay down in Hell while he was learning. “
Dean let out a low whistle. “Sounds like you guys are doing a complete overhaul on the whole system.”
There was a silence, so heavy that Dean almost didn’t break it. In a rough voice, he managed to say, “To everyone that we lost along the way.” He clinked his beer against Sam’s and took a swig, ending it abruptly. He needed something stronger. Vodka, maybe, or bourbon, though he wasn’t sure if they had either of those in the Bunker anymore. He had already gone through a fair amount after Cas was taken, and then even more when it was the whole world. Still, maybe he had missed a bottle somewhere. He was about to stand to search when Sam started to speak.
Cas' eyes were huge and uncertain, seeing nothing and everything. He wasn’t just hugging back; he was clinging to Jack with an expression Dean recognized: he was overwhelmed, lost. Given the circumstances, who wouldn’t be?
They ended up in the DeanCave on the couch Dean had just gotten a few weeks before Cas had been taken. Cas had put himself at a small distance: far enough that they didn’t touch but close enough that they could.
For over a decade now, Dean had worried about their communication. He wasn’t especially good at vocalizing, and Castiel came from Heaven, which might as well be another planet. They spoke the same language, but how different were their meanings? With most things, Dean wasn’t too terribly concerned. They could discuss a case, or a movie, and he could be confident that they understood each other.
Still, things weren’t perfect. How could they be, with the weight of everything all of them had seen? Jack had days where he crumpled under the memory of what he’d seen in the apocalypse world, but his family was there to see him through. Once she moved in, Eileen sometimes had to leave the room if Miracle was there, caught in fight or flight as nightmares of hellhounds flooded her mind. Dean knew what that was like, and he and the others did what they could. Sam froze up in the Crow’s Nest whenever he thought of the hunters Michael had killed, but someone always made sure he was alright. There were still nights Dean woke up with his heart pounding, drenched in sweat. Castiel was there to calm him down. Lastly, there were Cas’ memories and dreams of the Empty and what he’d seen there. More than once, he’d woken up with a sob or a scream in his throat. Dean held him and listened on some nights and took him out for a drive until they could see the stars on others. No, things weren’t perfect. They never were, but they were Winchester Perfect.
The salesclerk in the liquor store gave him a look as he checked out. Dean didn’t know if it was for the volume he was buying or how fucked he undoubtedly looked. Didn’t care, either. He held off for the drive back and started drinking in the garage. Then the library. When Sam found him on his way to his room, Dean was solidly drunk and sobbing again, too far gone to care about appearances anymore. He just wanted the pain of it all to be gone.
Dean shifted himself a little more towards the center of the bed and felt as Cas’ arm drape across his body, hand landing on his shoulder where a scar used to be. Dean shivered at the spark of it but the weight grounded him. It was warm, and the softness of Cas’ hair was nice against his jaw. If he were so inclined, he could plant a kiss there, so he did.
Yes, he was. Of course he was. He was their kid. Well, Cas’ kid. Dean hesitated to credit himself for helping to raise him. All he could think about was how rough he’d been on him, right from the start. He’d blamed him for Cas. Jack hadn’t even been a day old when Dean had done that. He’d been trying to make up for it ever since, trying to be the cool but firm dad, like Castiel was. Dean wanted to be loving. He’d always had a knack with kids, maybe because of raising Sam or maybe because he was still trying to make up for never getting to be one. The time for that was over now. Dean wasn’t a child, and he never would be, but he had passed that on rather than accept it.
“We got him back again for a little while,” Castiel said softly. “Things were okay. We were a family; he was good for us and I like to think we were good for him.”
“I didn’t have a choice,” he finally said, voice quiet and small and so far removed from the angelically commanding voice Dean was used to. “Billie was going to kill you. I knew I couldn’t let that happen. Not when I could do something to stop it.”
Sam and Dean had gotten their freedom, but at one hell of a cost. Still, Sam looked so hopeful…. Dean could be content, or at least pretend to be, for Sam’s sake.
“I’ll do it,” Jack said, scooping Miracle up in his arms and darting down the steps. It was almost comedic, how she kept licking his face and how big she looked in Jack’s arms. Cas followed behind them, shivering lightly. All Dean could think of was Castiel alone and drenched in that alleyway.
Dean couldn’t argue, not with that look. He bit his lip and nodded spastically, unable to trust his voice. Their son—
“I missed you, too,” Jack said before drawing back. “It’s been so busy; I was starting to worry I wouldn’t be able to come back down.”
What did that mean, to an angel? Was it romantic? Platonic? Remotely the same as human love? Dean didn’t know the answer, and the only one who did was lost somewhere in this quagmire of darkness.
“She’s…” Dean took a moment to let that sink in. “Alone? Do you trust her? After the stunt she pulled?”
Cas was… Cas was his best friend. A pillar in his life. Someone who he could count on. Someone who should have outlived him. But he was more than that, wasn’t he? Dean hadn’t gotten the chance to reply, had hardly gotten to process before Castiel was gone. Cas
“More time,” Dean echoed. “He thought he wouldn’t be happy for longer.” Jack nodded and Dean fell back into despising himself. “He told me he loved me, Jack. He said that his happiness was in just saying it, even if I didn’t reciprocate.”
“I know, kid, I know. He’s always leaving for somewhere new, getting caught up in things. But Cas always comes back. Every time, no matter what happens. He finds his way back.”
Dean’s heart dropped as he understood. Castiel thought he was back in the Empty. Dean did the only thing he could do: he placed one hand on Cas’ forearm and used the other to turn on the lamp, steadying Castiel as he flinched away from it.
Adam. They didn’t even know if the poor son of a bitch could come back, even if he wanted to. Kevin. He had died right here in this library and had gone to hell. How screwed up was it that he was now trapped on earth, unable to go to heaven? Charlie. She had died for them, three times now between her and her apocalypse world doppelganger. Was she just collateral damage? How could the Winchesters ever let her think that?
“You’re back!” Sam’s face split into a bright grin, the happiest he had been in days. Dean’s heart ached a little deeper.
Dean often found himself in the same position as Castiel. He had so many things he wanted to talk about, to figure out, but none of the words.
Dean flipped the channel just in time to catch the start of a Looney Tunes episode. Remembering Castiel’s past interest in the cartoons, he left it there.
[The day has gone by; Dean has tried to reach out multiple times unsuccessfully and has instead settled into a chair in the room, paralleling Castiel’s own watching. He’s learned a fair amount about Castiel though, by watching him throughout the day. He thinks he understands Cas’ interest in it. Still, there is a difference between watching and partaking. Castiel needs to wake up and live.]
***Released early in anticipation of the virtual convention. Next chapter will be up Monday at 5pm EST as per usual
“Now, now Mirabel,” the man offered. “Weakness is to blame as well. If one is not careful, they are as much a danger to us as we are to them.”
“You do, too, you know. You deserve to be saved. You deserve to be happy, and cared for, and alive, and loved.”
“Can you wake him again? Or open a door, or whatever?” Dean hated how desperate he sounded but if Jack could do it…
“We’re engaged,” Sam announced, and the room filled with congratulations, even from Castiel himself.
Dean could see his eyes growing distant, how he flinched at the echo of his own screams, how he looked ready to curl in on himself or bolt back to the fantasy he had created for himself. Anything to feel safe, anything to get away from this memory.
“Not today,” Castiel replied, finishing his mug and staring at the dregs. “I was going to decode Jack’s messages.”
, he was sure, and Dean couldn’t interact with him? He still couldn’t be heard? He still couldn’t change anything?
What about beating him to a bloody pulp and leaving him broken on the floor? Mark or no Mark, he had done that. Even if it had taken him everything not to give in to the Mark and kill him. The Collette to his Cain, only asking him to stop. What about only a few months ago?
“Alright, c’mere.” Dean patted the space between them. Castiel took the hint and moved closer until Dean could feel the heat of a body pressed up against his own. Cas’ head found a place against Dean’s shoulder and soon enough, he was sound asleep. Dean shifted enough to wrap a warm arm around him, pulled the blanket on the back of the couch over Castiel, and fell asleep.
“It has the decoder ring,” he replied softly, holding it out to Dean. “We both had one. He’d use it to leave me notes. I had to figure out what code he used.”
“Uh…” Shit, how was he supposed to know? That was a year ago. “Well, what do we both like to eat that Sam doesn’t?”
[parallel Dean and Jack the way canon should have. They both need to grow. But Dean doesn't know what to tell him. Jack has responsibilities he has to fulfil as God, just like Dean had to care for Sam or no one would have. Neither can walk away from their role, but Dean wants so desperately to lighten it for him]
Dean hesitated even more at Cas’ clipped tone. This wasn’t how he expected their first conversation to go, now that Cas was back.
As soon as they got back to the Bunker, Dean started making a home for Miracle. He gathered some spare blankets before having an epiphany: she could just sleep with him. She would love the bed, and he would love having her there with him.
“Ishim killed her,” Dean corrected firmly. “You had no way of knowing. You had no way of stopping him.” Castiel didn’t respond, he couldn’t move past it, so Dean caught his gaze. “Hey. This is not your fault, okay?”
“Good.” Dean put the creamer away and got himself a mug of coffee before returning. “I was thinking, do you want to go to the store? Could get you some clothes so you don’t have to live out of your trenchcoat.”
He didn’t make it to the liquor store. His eyes were burning and his vision swimming only minutes after he left, and rapidly he found himself pulling off onto the side of the road. Everything was too much.
“Morning!” Sam greeted brightly. “She got in about an hour ago. Working a case not far from here, thought she’d stop by.”
“This one’s a Caesar cipher,” Jack said with certainty. “You can solve it with the ring really easily.”
He stayed in the DeanCave until about eight in the morning when Miracle joined him before deciding it was time to make himself presentable and get things going. Dean wandered into the kitchen at nine to make breakfast only to find that everyone else was already there.
“I know. And I know he’s always right here,” Jack pressed a hand over his heart, “but I miss him. He’s always stuck somewhere else.”
“Yeah, I guess I was more focused on other things.” Castiel nodded and stared into his mug for a few moments before Dean retorted, “Anyways, you’re one to talk.”
When they got back, Sam seemed just as disturbed as Dean felt. The world had fundamentally changed, and it was like it hadn’t. The world went on, every moment passed as though there wasn’t a throbbing ache in Dean’s chest. They had lost their son and best friend. They were alone all over again, just like those first few lonely years when they had been looking for John.
Dean looked at him, thrown off by the softness of his voice. Jack avoided his gaze and fidgeted, oddly childlike for a cosmic being. Of course, he was only just three.
Dean’s heart dropped as Jack’s gaze fell on him. He looked so much like Cas, and now it seemed that they both saw through him with ease. It wasn’t too long ago he remembered Castiel saying the same exact thing.
Eileen invited them to celebrate a day of Hanukkah with her, something Sam insisted they both go to despite Dean’s reluctance to do anything that wasn’t directly related to finding a way to save Cas. Still, eating a latke at Eileen’s kitchen table and watching her teach Sam “Happy Hanukkah” in sign language, he had to admit that he was glad he went. Life since defeating Chuck had been a mess, with more anger and unhappiness than he cared to admit. It was nice to see that someone was getting their happy ending, and he was so glad that it was Eileen and Sammy.
They both let that hang in the air for a few minutes before Castiel whispered, “You have no idea how many times I dreamed about you coming to get me. Saving me. But it was never real.”
A little too quiet. A little too dark. A little too all-enveloping. A little too much like it was swallowing every sound they could make. A little too much like...
Dean pulled on his jacket as he made his way to the library, where Sam was working on creating a better cataloguing and tagging system. His burger was on the table by him.
Castiel looked deep into his mug as though it held all of the answers. Softly, he offered, “I'm afraid I might not have been truthful, when I said we were like family. I was worried about what it would be like, what
together when I woke up. I didn't think you would be comfortable with that. I, uh, didn’t want to force you into anything you didn’t want. I know our feelings are different, I didn’t want things to be uncomfortable.
He wandered through the memory of a movie night just as quickly. He was there for it, every moment, even though he hadn’t noticed Castiel slipping a coded message into Jack’s hand. Dean didn’t have the time to see it all again. He could feel himself getting closer to the center of this labyrinth, and he wanted to get Cas out.
“Right.” Dean looked between the two of them and Miracle still sitting in her chair. “I need a drink.”
In the pitch of the Empty, he could see Castiel in front of him, offering himself up one last time. By pushing Dean to safety, he had told Dean again that he deserved to be saved, yet Dean had never told him the same. Why hadn’t he done that? He had shown it (or tried to) over the years, like when he had stayed in purgatory and fought tooth and nail for a year to save him, or when he remained adamant that despite Cas’ choice to allow Lucifer to possess him, Castiel’s safety was a higher priority, but Dean had never said it. What if Castiel hadn’t understood?
“I am more than mature than a four year old!” He said stopping mid skip and turning on his heels to face Sam. “I’d like to think of myself if at least a six year old!”
Cas just looked down at the ground shaking his head, while Dean stared wide eyed out of shock at the two kids. Sam’s entire face turning red when he saw who interrupted this amazing moment.
Castiel collides with a hard surface and apologizes immediately without even looking up to see what is is he ran into. Glancing up to see it was a wall, only for a second before lowering his head in an attempt to cover up his flaming cheeks after hearing Dean’s bubbly belly laughter.
“Um, oh, you know, um, never.” Castiel’s dropped his head in shame as he could feel the heat rise up his neck and get comfy on his cheeks.
“We...umm.. should probably get going.” Sam said, the floor was suddenly very interesting, hoping Gabe didn’t see the growing blush across his cheeks.
“Well boys I must be getting to my office. Here is what you need to show them.” Principal Jared said handing Sam and Dean both a paper. “I am sure you’ll like it here, I’ll talk to you guys later.” He said directed to Gabe and Castiel.
As the younger boys run off, Castiel breaths a laugh and then whips out his phone to reassure Dean that he has located the boys and sent them in the correct direction.
“No need to apologize Sammy, and we are getting celebratory ice cream.” Dean said with fake annoyance.
Mhhmmmm,” Dean sighs, “just the way I like it!” He says taking another sip from his coffee. “Thanks Ma.”
“You thought he was hot, didn't you?” Gabe says it like he just figured out how to crack the case to find the treasure. (National Treasure reference)
“Okay, no need to get your panties in a wad, I was only joking.” Cas says trying to suppress his giggle.
“I was never in your closet, and why are you now standing?” Castiel wearily glanced out of the corner of his eye.  “Get that smirk off of your face, Dean, why are you smirking?” His voice slowly rose in pitch.
He laughed at the note, his heart filled with love, he made breakfast, bacon, eggs, and biscuits, and went to wake his brother up.
“Usually I’m partners with Jo, she’s kinda like my sister so we’re pretty close, but this year we don’t have any classes together. Sooooo, I figured I’d ask you.” Dean said this pretty nonchalantly, surprising himself.
“Could you hurry up so we aren’t late!” Sam called into the bathroom after knocking and cracking the door.
Castiel shot up, knowing exactly what Dean was getting ready to do. “ You back away sir, back-back away!” At that exact moment Dean shot towards Cas and tackled him to the floor, which had a beanbag in the way, and began to attack Castiel’s sides with his cheese covered fingers.
They go through class with ease, finishing everything in the top five, if not first. After class, in the locker room, everyone chit-chatted, and it took everything in Dean’s power not to stop his conversation with Benny to stare at Castiel’s ass, which was in fact, to the right of him. Eventually everyone shuffles out of the room and Cas and Dean go through the back door to get to their cars first to beat the crowd.
“Oh thank God! You are my favorite person on this entire planet!” Dean said wrapping a very confused Castiel in his arms. “My great aunt got me that and it makes me look like a carrot! I wore it once when she was here and she was here this past weekend and Mom tried to get me to wear it and when I couldn't find it I said that it must have shrunk in the wash and we got rid of it. Goodness it’s uncomfortable, I hate wearing sweaters.” Castiel watched as Dean rambled, still holding Castiel in his arms.
“Okay Mr. Never-lie-about-food, they have some pretty odd flavors here, which would you recommend?’ Cas asks after the laughter subsided to a minimum.
“That my friend, is chocolate galore.” Dean says with a proud smirk. “It’s delicious and unique, don’t knock it till you try it.”
Though his mind darkens and his heart beats faster, he can't do that to Dean. He can't just take his happiness away and watch him crumble again. He knows people would think he's insane to let such thing happen, to what he would ask them what's better: a dull life of sanity or a thrilling jump into madness? And he couldn't let himself describe Dean's state as insanity, because the heart is not mad, no he's just so fragile and ready to die for one, and only one person, for this one is the only thing it has been waiting for.
Cas didn’t say anything and kept looking in each corner of the world. But one day he came home and Dean was looking under the bed, and before he could say anything Dean stood up, a large book covered in black leather and strange symbols in his hand.
His fingers grip the feathers and the angel has a strangled cry of fear. “What are you doing?” He whispers and his voice is tainted of terror.
His eyes are like two holy ponds, scorching of white fire, and his jaw is clenched and he holds two blades of gold and diamond, and his wings are wide open, black and majestic and mesmerizing.
“So, what do we do now?” he asks, his soul still shivering of ease, the hunger sleeping in a little corner of him.
Dean doesn’t know what he should do. Act like nothing happened and make a small talk about the freaking weather? Talk about it and probably worsen the situation?
But on the other hand, he felt like losing all his breath when the thought about Cas on that fateful night. Sure, he had been so angry and broken and terrified, but the vision spreading shiny and celestial in front of him had left his heart beating furiously of fascination. He remembered the eyes flooded with light, the wide, soft-looking wings reflecting light like prisms, the icy glow shaped in a ring around Cas’ head. There was enough to write songs and legends about it, and enough to make a man lose his mind.
“It’s not bothering me” Castiel says, frowning, and it hurts, it hurts so bad Dean doesn’t think he’ll be able to bear the sight of him any longer. He’s too much like Cas, and yet entirely different, and too close, and yet so far, both the key to his happiness and the proof he failed his mission.
Sam raises his head again, surprised by Dean's cold words. When he meets his brother's eyes, he can't help but notice the sorrow circling in them like birds of prey around a dying man. Dean isn't the type of person who talks easily about his emotions, and it's not a surprise to anyone. But can't Dean just see Sam is trying to help? After all, Cas is his friend too. Dean shouldn't be the only one bearing the weight of grief on his shoulders.
Suddenly, he falls on his knees and he cannot stop the scream that follows the pain. He bites his lips and tries to get up, but his hands are shaking. He barely breathes.
“Well, it's between my true form and my human one. I usually stay like this but when you met me the first time, I was too close to the human world and feared someone could see me, so I hid them.” His eyes darken a little. “If it's bothering you I can-”
“Jesus, Cas, what’s going on?” Dean asked and Cas heard so much worry and grief in his voice he felt like breaking in two.
“I’m sorry” Castiel said. “I failed you.” He shook his head, now realizing his weakness could have caused all the Winchester’s death, for he wasn’t there to protect them or buy them some time to escape.
It all becomes too much. His twisted mind makes him live all the most awful moments again. He’s beaten and broken and bruised, and he’s ignored and spat on and abandoned. He thinks of all the times he was too weak to fight and he ended up bloody and sore. He thinks of when his side was pierced by the Lance of Michael and he felt the poison flow black and free in his body, and how Death came so close to him.
Oh now that sounded too real, the pain and shock and grief in the voice as solid as the ground beneath his feet, and he made another step and the shadows engulfed him, the scene shifting, and he could finally focus on what was in front of him, fists clenched and ready to bite back and-
“And such thing cannot happen. We cannot lose one of ours for a human, especially when it’s already condemned.”
The ocean moves dangerously and a wave of dark poison rises above Dean's head. He doesn't even move, he just lays on the cold ground. The last thing he sees is a bright red rose, miraculously spared by the storm raging around him. Next to it, there's another flower, but this one is dry and white. He reaches out for them and the thorns dive in the skin of his hand. He doesn't even flinch, he just holds the flowers close to him, for a reason he ignores.
Dean's heart seems to beat slower, heavier in his chest. “Whispers?” he mutters, his eyes jumping on Castiel who gives him a worried look.
Dean swallows down and a thin thread of his soul escapes his control, just a small flare escaping the ring of black fire around him. It stays motionless for a moment and suddenly, as if it was drawn by a force to the limb, it flies to it in a wide motion to float vertically above it, like a strange black arrow, the tip barely touching the feathery curve. The angel flinches and looks at Dean, incomprehension painted all across his features.
He gets up and enters the bathroom, glances at his reflection. His eyes are swollen, half closed. Tears drew strange patterns on his cheeks that grew hollow and the shadow of a beard started to cover them, worsening the despair that is painted across his features. He throws some cold water on his face and breathes deeply into his hands, gathering his strength back together, before he leaves the house.
It had felt like a blow to the chest, as if a hole had been punched right through him. Realization dawning on him like a wave of cold blood. He looked at Dean, and he knew.
He feels Dean’s arms wrapped around his waist, holding him so tight he lifts him off his feet. Cas’ arms are first folded between them, before they come to surround Dean’s shoulders, and suddenly he feels everything as if the world had just started turning again and he was in his right place, in the right moment.
“Hey” Dean answered after a moment before he rolled on his back, and Cas saw on his tense features that the brutal reality had snapped back into his mind.
Dean has a little laugh that gets stuck in his throat as he pulls away slowly. He does not answer but puts a loud kiss on Castiel's mouth. He then moves back with a smile. “I have to finish what I started.” He says with a look to the angels behind Cas. He starts walking to them and the ones that are already healed greet him with joyful beats of their wings. The others give him hopeful, impatient looks as he enters the circle of grace, feeling like a messiah sent from a darker world, a strange prophet covered in dry blood.
The perspective of nightfall had never scared him more. The weight of loneliness fell a little heavier on his shoulders, making his head dip to the lavender grounds. He thought that perhaps, he should find shelter until daybreak, the time he had spent in Purgatory harsh and fresh in his memory – except, except, Dean had been there at some point, and he would never be here now.
He stiffens and the tears come back, stronger than ever, a river flowing down his face, tainted of bleeding grace. “I can't.” He says, shivering dangerously, shaking his head, dying inside, exploding in hundreds of sparks of stardust. He holds on Dean even more, like a drowning man, he keeps his head above the dark water and he feels like sinking from the inside, like he is about to collapse like an ivory tower.
There is a shout behind them, followed by a growl full of rage. Castiel barely has the time to feel a ball of red aura brushing against him before a blurry silhouette jumps on his adversary, pushing him several feet away in the dust. Castiel stares at his brother, eyes wide open, breathless, as the crowd gasps of surprise. A shiver shakes it like a wave and a few angels step back, wings folded neatly behind them, pressed tight against their backs. The angel who fell on the mud does not get up, he just stares without even breathing, suddenly looking small and frail with his wings open behind him on the soil.
Dean holds out to him and carefully lands a hand on the left wing, to start. He unwraps the rough fabric, only to discover a bleeding wound, a scar left by a sharp bullet. Next to it, there is another hole, nearly entirely healed, starting to be cover by new, short feathers. He touches the wound and Castiel freezes, his body tense. A bright, clear blood covers Dean's fingers when he removes them, and guilt grows inside him, as he stands up to get new bandages in his bag.
“Suffer, Angel! If you are what you pretend to be, suffer!” They would shout into the night, pale grace and black smoke mixed into a swirling ocean rising above him.
“No!” Dean shouts and faster than he imagined, his body drawn by an invisible thread to Castiel, he runs to the demon and at the exact second the tip of the blade dives into Castiel’s side and makes him have a strangled cry, he pushes the monster far away, rolling with him on the hard floor.
He wanted to move, to kiss him, to hold him close, just to do anything to let Cas know his feelings were still the same. But it was all so different now that they were back home. They weren’t surrounded by complete strangers anymore, and there were no more blinding lights and deafening basses to drown the tension anymore, no more night to hide them.
When Dean was busy at the bakery or when he was asleep and Cas was not, he would fly away and wander for a while, and always he’d feel the link between Dean and him, crossing lands and forests and oceans.
The inside of it was surprisingly cool, considering the furnace outside. The walls were tall, curving in arches above his head, like in a great cathedral. Stained glass windows let the light flood in, but it wasn’t soothing as they were tainted crimson again, casting a dreadful atmosphere into the room.
“I don't know. We don't even know where he is. And if he will accept to talk to us.” Castiel says, giving Dean a compassionate look.
He clapped his back gently, having a tiny confused smile. “Hey, what’s going on Sammy?” he said and Sam felt so small against him, like a broken little creature.
“I.. uhm...” Castiel starts, a heavy blush rising to his cheeks as he swings on his feet. “I saw him last night.”
awful, of course. It could have been worse, but it was like a tiny, bullet-shaped void in his head, in his heart. The worst was to smell the delicious aromas of the cooking pastries but when he put them in his mouth, it tasted like wild nothing. Just water and ash and wind. It was depressing on a higher level.
But now he sees Sam having compassion for him, and he wonders why he looks at him such a way, and he remembers the night before, and the reason they are here. First, as they’ve been looking for her for the whole day, he thinks of his mother, and knowing she’s close and still far away makes him clench his jaw. He hopes she found a place to hide, just like them, and that she’s scared, but safe. His twisted mind tells him she might be severely wounded and bleeding somewhere, but he refuses to listen to it.
“No, you don’t get to say that,” Dean snapped, his eyes fiery when he looked back at him. But beyond that, there was something deeper, wide and vulnerable as he curled his hands into fists to stop them from shaking. “I should be the one apologizing. What you did with the Empty… I messed up everything and now you’re dead because of me.”
He sits on his bed, his hands gripping the white sheets and something cold rolls on his skin. He raises his head to look at the ceiling, thinking the rain must had found a way to get in, and he hears the regular lapping of the drops falling on his windows. But he is perfectly safe, the house is still warm and protected by soft spells. He raises a shaking hand to his face and it lands on his cheek and it touches something wet and soft like honey. He looks at his fingers and sees a shiny pearl, a small drop rolling before it crashes down on his lap. He frowns and the rain keeps falling on him, as if one single dark cloud shaped above his head.
Eileen has a smile and moves slowly under Charlie's head. The angel stands right again and watches the Nephilim walking to Sam with an amused grin. “Watch me.” Eileen says and Sam has an half incredulous, half tender smile.
That's it, he's angry. Dean will be tired of him, again. Tired of his weakness, disgusted of his fall, of his too human heart.
Few had the courage to get closer, and the ones who bathed in sweat and moans in his arms were not that lucky, for they never saw the sun rise again.
How is he supposed to find someone that loves Dean endlessly, and that Dean loves the same way in return, while knowing his brother closed himself to so many emotions, for so many years?
Dean hated that. There were too much light coming out of him, a revolting kindness surrounding him. Dean would shake and imagine his blade diving into this tan chest, and his hands around this thin neck.
He had hidden the glimpses of dreams behind his eyelids as best as he could, but talking to that man, all he could think of was the terrible fate awaiting him. He had hoped he was wrong, because he had seemed so nice and so perfectly normal, and just so
He waits for the man to finally enters the house and he is ready to fight, even if he's still heavy of sleep and alcohol. But to his greatest surprise, the silhouette stops in the middle of the yard, then collapses on the ground.
“No, you don't.” He answers softly. “We all heard about your story, how you sacrificed your freedom to save your family. You're not here by choice.” He says and flashes illuminate Dean's mind, pieces of shattered memories exploding in his head, colorful drugs and liquors making the world spin around him, and reality is a blurry field around him.
He is now standing outside under the neon lights, breathing in the fresh air of the night, enjoying the silence wrapping itself around his tired bones.
And then it was as if his brain closed its eyes and let all the insanity flow in his body. Sam brought Cas, holding him in his arms and he was white and stiff and silent, and when he approached him from the coffin, Dean turned away and barely had the time to run deep enough into the woods before he fell down on his knees and threw up everything that was in his stomach. The watery liquid fell from his mouth into a puddle and it flowed among the vegetation, seeped into the earth. He stayed a moment like this, legs diving in the cold mud, his head bowed as he was shaken by more waves of nausea and he kept on spitting until it became red and thick and he moved away, disgusted by his own body.
Before Cas could protest, Hannah’s cold fingers seized his wrist, and in a flutter of wings she dragged him across the city.
Dean has a little laugh and his heart grows like the tide, moves and shakes and his lungs are full of a wild and burning emotion. He glances at Cas, who is still looking at him and he'd swear he saw a small teardrop fell from his eyes, but he couldn't be sure, not in something as strange as his dream.
“There’s a spell to make humans invisible to cosmic beings.” He handed Sam a sheet of paper from his pocket. “If you cast that, the Shadow won’t be able to see that you’re there.”
slip up and be blatantly in love. Sooner or later, Dean will be uncomfortable with that and reject him. Castiel would rather leave of his own accord than wait to be pushed away. He doesn't think he'll be asked to stay, but maybe it's better that way. They can be friends still. He can love at a distance, just as he always has.]
“Kid, how about you put that stuff away?” Dean reached up to grab a frying pan. “I’ll make you breakfast.”
As if on cue, Sam and Eileen left, heading off in the direction of Sam’s room. Jack gave Cas a hug before going to his room. Dean—the other Dean—patted Cas’ shoulder for a minute before he, too, went off to bed.
“Tread softly and carry a big stick?” Dean scoffed as he set the timer on his watch. “Yeah, got it. Your turn, Jack.”
“The first time I was there, I thought it was empty. Genuinely, completely empty. I saw no one, nothing, except the Shadow. I thought I was alone. When I went to talk to Ruby, she told me how full it was, and that’s what I saw… that’s what I saw last time.”
Nearly two dozen people he could list off the top of his head. Nearly two dozen people who had helped them get where they were today. The Winchesters were nothing without their friends and family, and family didn’t end in blood.
Dean frowned for a minute, trying to envision vampires and werewolves in a place like the Heaven he had seen years ago. “Jack, are you sure that’s a good idea?”
He put chocolate chips in one pancake and a smiley face of whipped cream on the other before sliding the plate in front of Jack with a smile.
Castiel smiled at that, barely visible in the flickering light of a torch. It was a touch sad to acknowledge aloud but there was a glimmer of hope in Cas’ expression as well. Maybe now he would finally find his place.
When Dean woke up, his heart was racing and the distorted nightmare of black goo was rapidly fading. He turned to the empty chair in his room and then to the door before seeing Miracle. She had situated herself in between his legs and was whining loudly. If he had been a little less hungover, he probably would have found it terrifying, given the number of nightmares he’d had featuring whines and growls. The sound grated against his ears, but she seemed to perk up seeing him awake. Decidedly less nightmare-ish. He carefully extracted himself from his bed and ran the cold tap water over his hands and wrists, letting it ground him before washing the sweat from his face and popping a pain-reliever. He looked rough, with bags under bloodshot eyes and stubble across his jaw and cheeks. He probably smelled as well, wearing yesterday’s clothes soiled by booze and sweat. It didn’t matter much; Dean had no intention of going anywhere and lacked the energy to get cleaned up.
For a little while, he dared to hope that by flooring it on the open road, with music blasting from the radio, Dean might be able to escape his grief. They could go anywhere, do anything. He and Sam had earned the right to a fresh start after at least three apocalypses, but Dean didn’t know if that was what he wanted. How could he start over if his best friend was dead and their kid was gone? He might still have Sam, but what about the rest of his family? Didn’t they all deserve the chance to begin again?
, no fronts or masking how he felt. He let himself go with the flow of things, didn’t push too hard because things always worked out in the end. But there was a difference between watching and partaking. Castiel needed to wake up and live.
Castiel looked unwell, with a pallid face and wide eyes. His chest rose and fell too rapidly for the restfulness of sleep, but the deep furrow of his brow softened in the warm amber.
“What’s wrong with him?” Dean asked impatiently as Jack’s golden glow vanished, his own stress starting to rise.
The darkness was silent for a moment and Cas laid still before quietly asking, “Can you turn a light on?”
Also, I feel so bad to have killed a woman from Supernatural, and I did it to reveal a male villain to and further a male storyline which makes it even worse, I'm so sorry please forgive me I promise there's some saileen content next chapter to help make up for it
Sam and Eileen came in at that moment, laughing and dizzily in love. They came to a stop by one of the center tables and started putting on their jackets. Eileen caught Cas’ gaze over Sam’s shoulder, and Castiel set down his book.
“Cas always has been,” Dean said gently, rising from his chair and pulling Jack in for a one-armed hug. “As soon as he met you, he said you’d be good.”
There was nothing to say for a few minutes and Dean started to drown in his grief and heartache. It didn’t matter if Jack was God, he still didn’t have the power to fix this. All the power in the world—no, all the power in
The Winchester managed to look Jack in the eyes for a moment, only to see that they were soft. “And I should have stopped you, with the original plan to take out Chuck. I should have been better to you and better for you. Instead, all I’ve done is push you away and make you a tool. I made you out to be a monster, Jack, I—”
He smiled—a Cas smile—and Dean felt strangely like he was minutes from crying but pushed it down. Jack had faith in Amara, that was good enough for him.
Their son turned back, expression light and free. He was happy, wasn’t he? He had fulfilled his destiny, like Kelly knew he would, like Cas—
“Wake me up if anything changes,” he told the room, and then he went to bed. His room was close enough to Cas’ that after a few minutes, he could hear Jack’s soft “Hello” and some of the stories he told Castiel. Part of Dean found it ironic: a child telling a parent bedtime stories and fairytales late in the night, but most of him just found it sad. It shouldn’t have been like this. He fell asleep to the rising and falling lilt of Jack’s voice.
“I speak or read nearly everything,” Castiel replied easily, setting the book down. “Human languages are simple.”
The “What the fuck was that/How could you do that to me” was the first thing written, probably on Jan 13
Castiel simply nodded and went back to his book, still looking back up long enough to give Eileen a thumbs-up once Sam had turned away again.
make a deal or even talk to it. If it sees you, you might as well be dead because it will drag you somewhere that even I can’t reach.”
“They corrupt us,” the man continued, pointedly stopping and turning to face the woman in green. “Human emotions are a weakness. They were not meant for us to experience.”
To distract himself, Dean tore his eyes from the newly added names and caught himself thinking about adding more. Who else was family, who else had they neglected to include?
of my forms,” Castiel corrected. “One has multiple animal heads, some of which you wouldn’t recognize. Another one is a beam of light and energy as tall as—”
“Alright, so you go to hell and learn some magic, become a regular ginger junior, and then we make me invisible or whatever.”
“I’d say she’s more Jack’s dog than anyone else’s at this point,” Dean said. “She used to sleep with me all the time but she tends to hang out with him more, now that he’s here. Maybe cause he’s more energetic.”
would it really be destiel fanfiction if there wasn't just a little man pain and "you're like family"??? no.
It was only now, alone in the library, that Castiel sighed and closed his book, placing it on the table beside him before standing and starting to put away a short stack of pulled books on the table.
It was six at night and Dean had yet to see Castiel since bringing him back. Jack was still in with him, Sam was updating their friends and thanking Rowena again, and Dean was… Well, Dean didn’t know what to do.
Dean crawls a little closer to her, standing on his knees. “But you got to believe.” He shakes his head, his soul burning inside. “I thought for my whole life you were all monsters and Cas changed my opinion on you.” He dives his eyes into her, begging. “You got to let me do the same for you.”
“Ann” he whispers, taking the woman’s sleeve, shaking it in slack fingers. “It’s them” he says in a murmur, and Cas can hear his heart pounding hard in his wrists.
Except that when he wakes up in the morning, the thirst thing that hits his heavy, pulsing, sickening brain is the fanthom feeling of Cas’ lips against his own, and when he turns to see the angel, this one is sitting on the edge of his own bed, and by the look he’s giving him, alcohol definitely did a crappy job this time.
Cas blinks several times and it’s like all the light in the world now swirls in his chest. He stares at Dean in pure, raw awe. “Are you sure?” he asks, and he feels nervous and terribly shy yet so wonderfully well, “I don’t want to bother you, Dean.”
The Hounds are coming, the Hunters are ready. They got an insatiable hunger for blood and revenge. Their footsteps resonates in Dean's ears, and a shiver runs down his spine, a cold sweat covers his bare skin. His heart, fragile little bird trapped into a cage of bone, starts beating its wings furiously. He is not afraid, he knows he is bigger than this. But right now, he keeps remembering the hot blow of the bullet, the Hunters' cruel laughs, their deadly weapons shining in the moonlight.
Castiel holds his gaze with gray oceans for eyes. “Right, I'm not going to say it. You're the one keeping me from death.” He says.
Dean frowns, unsteady. “Yeah, well I can’t” he says, a shiver sparkling in his blood, “You’re staring.”
Dean swallows down, the unease growing inside him. “It won't work.” He says in a breath, glancing at Amara. When she snaps her fingers and another grace bursts like a firework, he jumps and slightly stumbles back, gripping his blade tighter in his palm.
Castiel freezes like a statue where he stands, made strong by his will alone. “I mean it, Dean” he says, his jaw clenched, “You and Sam, and Mary, you need to be alive,
Inspiration for this chapter (and the whole story in general): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DlVGoCOXza8
Castiel has a fragile laugh. “I don't even remember the last time I ever had something real.” He says and he realizes the weight of his words. Sam must have suffered the same torture as him, and not once he found the courage to open his door. He just sat in silence and nothingness, not realizing the world was still turning around him.
Dean gives him a confused look. “But he can't be the real Devil?” he asks, startled. Seeing Cas does not answer, his worry keeps growing inside him. “Right?”
He had finished his glass and was going to put it down in the sink, ready to go back to sleep, when the pain burst in his head. He stopped in the middle of the kitchen, body bent in two, tears gathering in his eyes as he gasped for air, slowly crumbling to his knees. The glass fell down from his hand to crash loudly on the floor, breaking in a dozen of small pieces.
Except it is not an angel with dark wings facing him, but a short redhead who points her silver blade under his throat. Dean's whole body stiffens when he sees the warm brown wings behind her, mottled of white, half open on her sides.
Dean glances at him and he seems about to snap another bitter remark, before he swallows it back and has a small sigh. “I didn’t say it was only awful, OK?” he answers and his eyes seem to darken, as if clouded by some memory, “I guess I just never had a good experience with it.” Seeing Cas gives him a questioning look, he follows, the words suddenly flowing free, ‘I mean, Mom was gone, Dad was God knows where, so while other kids were waiting for Santa Claus, Sam and I were praying that he wasn’t dead too.”
As he walks closer to the bridge, he notices the road is getting higher next to him and the path lower, and soon enough, he is completely hidden by the earth. He keeps walking against that long, natural hallway and he feels so alive, his fingertips are burning as if they felt for the first time. His throat aches for it's cold and sore, but he doesn't care. His body is freezing but his soul is getting warmer, starts to pulse softly in his veins, awakening the blood that slept for too long.
“Dean, think of it. I know you're scared but it's our only chance!” Castiel insists. “You cannot protect your brother.”
“We know” Jessica says. She walks to him and puts a kiss on his cheek, leaving him half frozen of surprise. She steps back with a smile. “We care about you, that's all.”
“I'm completely healed” he answers, always so gentle. “And I think it's the right thing to do. My people are probably worried about me, and I don't them to come after you.”
Michael sighed. “Oh well, it doesn’t matter” he said, already forgetting about the little golden-eyed boy.
Amara clenches her fists and gets closer, making all of them move back, except for Aniel who stands like a statue of ice in front of her. “He's weak and He hides because He's afraid of me!” She spits, anger flowing at the speed of light in her black glowing veins.
The creatures of pale shadows are back, and he crawls further in his cage, his back pressed against the cold golden bars, his body shivering like the winter came, stabbing him with its sword of ice. He shakes his head. “No. You are wrong.” He says, knowing his mouth tells nothing but lies, lies haunting his days, his dreams, his tears.
People left their road to take another one, and people stood by them until the end. Ties were created, and some came loose. Cradles were built and graves were dug. Storms shook the walls of their home and sunshine flooded by the windows. Barking came and go with time, the rooms filled with the frantic races of little excited claws.
“You say it was not always there? You were not born with this ability?” Castiel asks, the light of realization starting to shine inside.
Castiel turns to him, slowing his steps down. He gives him a look full of hurt and guilt. “Dean, I'm sorry. I know-”
“Not for this one” Dean said, as gently as possible, “The end will still be the same.” His eyes then swept all over them. “I don’t want you to treat me any differently. That’d be as good as if I were already dead.”
“It is simple” Mother says, her voice thundering in his bones. “Our ancestors tried to talk to your race, but it was vain from the beginning. Your humanity bears all the flaws in the creation, and nothing and no one can tame the madness inside you.”
Castiel’s eyes darken. “I can try to believe you’re from another world, but I can’t believe you and one of my brothers experienced mutual friendship, and that you came here for him” he says in one breath, shaking his head of doubt. “Besides, you did not tell me what happened to him.”
Swallowing back the bile rising in his throat, he now steps slowly to one of the bodies, only to see the chest wide open like a blooming flower, petals of flesh breathing into the cold winter air, guts like long gruesome ribbons of silk.
“Like crap” Dean answers, and he tries to move, but all his body feels heavy and sore. He raises his eyes back to Sam. “What happened?”
Rowena’s voice broke like thunder, shouting in foreign words, and suddenly a spell powerful like a storm and violent like an ocean wave crashed over Michael, bright purple light diving into his chest. He rolled away in the dust, his body landing with a thud on the floor.
“Please, just let me pass.” Lucifer croaks and Dean blinks, puzzled by the pain and fear he reads in his clear snake eyes. “I know you want to kill me right now, but I guess you'll just have to wait in line like everyone else.” He steps a little closer, begging Dean with all his soul. “Just let me go away from her and then I'll let you do whatever you want to do to me.”
Dean leans back on his chair, speechless. He has a joyless laugh. “I thought I was going crazy...” he whispers, his eyes getting lost into the empty.
He stares at him and barely breathes, and his stare gets heavier on Castiel, and suddenly he feels the pain growing back in his belly.
''You're an angel, aren't you?'' Dean says, spitting his contempt at Castiel's face. ''That was your plan, right? You saved me so you could give me to your little family!''
“Do you realize what you've done, Lucifer?” Charlie suddenly shouts, wings open wide behind her, covered of gold. “You killed our brother!” She says, and Aniel's eyes darken again, covered by a black veil.
” Amara shouts and whispers into their skulls and suddenly, an invisible dome falls above their heads, a lid of shadows. Aniel's body is already starting to fade to fly away but the spell makes it snap back into one piece and he falls on his feet, dizzy. He looks around, confused, his wings covered by a shiver.
He gives Castiel a last look, and sees a pale blue glow floating around him. It's beautiful and yet there is a sick feeling in the way it pulses, as if it was a wounded animal giving its last breaths.
A part of Dean, the coward inside him with tears and shivers, want to run away as far as he can, his feet swallowing miles of black thick road until they are just gaping wounds, until his lungs are ablaze behind his ribs. He wants to hide in the deepest, darkest forest, or at the bottom of the coldest ocean so she could never find him again and he could live safe for the rest of his days.
Cas turned his wide eyes to him, and Dean mentally hit himself. How could he not realize before how shiny and bright and luminous they were even in the dim light of the rainy day? “I don’t know why I changed my mind. I just felt something pushing me to do it.” He had a small smile. “But I’m glad I followed my instincts” he said softly, eyes now cloudy.
Dean feels a cry swelling in his throat and he uses all his energy to keep it inside. It’s full of grief, despair, frustration and one feeling he can’t put a word on, the one that appears when you realize you’re losing the person you devastatingly care about.
near the other initials, but he had frozen afterward, giving Dean a questioning look. This one had nodded, and fought against the pull in his stomach telling him to just grab Cas’ face and make him understand how much he meant to them.
But she refuses the embrace, she hates it more than anything. It is too soft, like honey flowing in her mouth, suffocating her with hypocritical words as she tries to fight back, to keep her head out of this sticky sea of gold. It is so hot on her body, wrapping itself around her shoulders, her waist, like a drunken love who does not want to let go, not now, maybe never but definitely not tonight. It makes her sick, this world that shapes into a silhouette made of suns. It tries to reach out to her, holding out a hand, interlacing their fingers together, trying to make her join the flow of brainless sheep that is humanity.
Deans leans towards the small river, his throat dry and sore. He cups his hands in the clear water, and in this moment he doesn’t even think about how reckless drinking it might be, considering the apocalyptic world that holds this tiny stream. He just thinks of the sweat on his brow and back and chest.
That flow of fear kept him forever awake and he curled on his side on the cold, empty bed, his dogs for only company.
“Nothing.” Dean starts before he stops as he feels Castiel's body freezing, knowing he is about lie. He bites his lip and swallows his pride back, as he raises his head back to the skies, watching the night fall like a soft velvet blanket. “It's just that I'm scared, OK? I'm scared something is going to happen and that I'll loose all of this.” He says in a shaking breath.
They come out of the house and the door slams violently. Castiel leaves his arm and walks to the field behind, his feet echoing like a winter melody on the frozen snow. His fists are clenched, his body tense, his wings folded neatly, too close to his back. Dean follows him, intrigued, but lets some space between them, already feeling the electricity in the air, the storm that is about to explode, to crash down on him.
A delicious, clear light fills him whole and he suddenly takes a deep breath, as if a storm of pleasure entered his lungs. The light flies to his bones, his heart, his soul, chases the dark angel away, throws the poison to the sea.
“I’m an angel” Cas had answered just as Dean had grinned an “Angel” between two mouthfuls of his drink. The word had resonated around them, full of its bright, divine meaning.
He doesn’t even have the courage to take a shower or change his clothes, he just drops on the bed, before he curls on one side, and his eyes are wide open in the dark, and he lets the static and shadows flow inside of him. His pain feels shallow. It’s in the light waters lapping in his heart, way too close to the surface of his chest, and it hurts, it hurts so bad he has to bite his tongue not to scream.
“Yes, you did.” Sam says, suddenly walking to him with slow, dangerous steps, his height falling like a night sky on the archangel. “You told us you never heard about her.” He narrows his eyes, clenching his fists. “Are you hiding something from us?”
Jack gives him a look that says everything. “They would certainly not mind a few human deaths” he says, making Dean shudder, “Whether they’re accidental, or not” Jack adds, making the fear settle entirely in his belly.
So he would smooth Dean’s hair and he would lie back in the bed. It made him so angry, to be so defenseless, so useless. He was an angel, born where the stars shined for the first time, meant to fight impossible wars and rip the skies like a comet. Yet, he was good to nothing when it came to something as small as that devilish sickness in Dean’s brain.
Castiel's hands grip the leather under him, as his wings become tense as bows, freezing as he prepares himself for the pain to come. He closes his eyes and Dean has a little moment where he gets lost. There's a creature bottled up into this human body, something that could snap him out of existence, and yet it's completely confiding in him. He has the life of something as powerful and breathtaking as Castiel in his hands and he is not sure he is strong enough. But he doesn't have a choice. The golden threads tying him to Castiel are getting loose and he fears they are going to break soon.
Dean opens his mouth to answer before he shuts it, not knowing what to say. He stares at Castiel for a moment, his eyes travelling on the angel's features, as if he was mapping his face in his memory, carving it precisely in his head to never forget it, even if he knows this vision is more precious than gold and he will never let it slip away.
He rolls on the floor and spits it out, leaving a dirty dark stain on the wood before he gets up, angel blade in hand. Sam also stood up again and after a few moments of struggling with a blonde haired woman, he finally manages to dive his knife in her back and after a few spits of light, she falls on the floor, lifeless.
“Wait,” he repeated, breathless. Castiel stared at him expectantly, and Dean felt his heart clench. He had seen Cas last just a couple of days ago, but the memories of Castiel’s face slowly breaking away, the tears in his eyes, the realization of what he was seeing, the black door opening and taking him away from him – it felt like centuries had passed, making him feel like an impossible gap had opened between them.
One man tries to run to him but Dean sees Lucifer snapping his fingers in the corner of the eye, and the Hunter explodes in tiny red pieces, falling on the ground like fresh meat with a sickening sound, the smell of flesh filling Dean's brain, opening his eyes wide of pleasure. He smirks before he steps to the Hunters, his hands shaking like a junkie who did not get his dose. He spent what feels like an eternity playing someone he was not, and he buried a part of him too deep inside.
He closes his eyes for a second and tries to think, tries to ignore the fire glowing in his chest as he aches and aches and suddenly he hears painful tears crashing next to him. He opens them again and he sees Charlie slowly slipping in the dark, falling on her knees next to him. Her trembling hands are covered by the rain of her grief and they flutter above him, a blue light filling her palm. The sensation is now familiar but it useless, it is just tender and soothing, nothing else. It cannot make the pain go away, now that it is deeply rooted inside him, now that flowers are about to bloom in his empty chest.
Suddenly, the emotion grows, blooms, pushes his bones to create some space for its cursed offspring. He coughs and puts a hand on his heart, making sure it is still here, making sure it did not leave him just like everything else. But no, it is still here, beating furiously, angrily, howling at him with teeth and claws. The water spits out of his eyes like a clear poison and he tries to wipe it away, but if just flows and flows in an endless circle of torture.
Something moves in Castiel's eyes, maybe some disappointment, maybe some sorrow, Dean is not sure. ''You cannot do that.'' Castiel says.
Michael held his eyes, his own shining bright blue, burning through his melting skin. “Or else I will kill every one you care about. Starting by her” he said, and before Dean could react Michael sent Rowena flying across the room and she landed on the floor with a small cry of agony.
He takes a deep breath and an idea blooms in his head, roots deep in his brains. He gets up and opens the door, forces Gunner to get inside as the dog gives him an intrigued, hurt look. He then turns back to the woods and clenches his fists. He is definitely insane.
This last thought made him shiver, spine cold with sweat. If higher, celestial beings existed and some had for mission to take human souls to Death, could it meant there was something further to be taken to? God, he thought, could there be a Heaven or Hell? Or could he get stuck in between and become a ghost, if they even existed?
Before either Sam or Mary can speak again, Cas calls Dean’s name again, and this time it’s a faint cry by his side. Dean turns into a swift move.
Dean frowns. “I didn’t-” He stops and suddenly thinks of Sam and Mary. They don’t know where he is, and worry and dread must spread through all their bodies.
Castiel stumbled to a stop, breath knocked out of his lungs. He couldn’t imagine either one of the brothers in pain, he couldn’t imagine young Jack suffering once again. He hoped with everything he had it had been quick – one moment alive, one moment not – and the thought soothed him a bit, to imagine that perhaps they had melted into death in a swirl of colors and light, not blood and broken bones.
“You wouldn’t know. You’d be dead either way” Cas snapped and the violence of his words froze Dean in place, and he opened and closed his mouth several times, but no words would come out of it. He made a small step back and suddenly it wasn’t the warm, soft-spoken Cas he knew anymore, but a creature fueled by light and rage, desperate to find a way out of the chaos that was the Universe.
Of course we were scared, and we didn't want to lose our freedom. So we listened to him and did what he wanted to do. We kept the plain safe while he was building the world and we helped him creating the Universe as you see it.
''Yeah, well, it was nice of you to play nurse but now I got to go. I need to find those bastard and make them pay.''
Lazarus jumps on the bed and gives a weak whine, before he takes place between the two of them on the edge of the bed. Dean moves a little to caress his head and the dog gives him an almost hurt look. The demon cannot help but feel a pang when he realizes he nearly forgot about him. The Hellhound looks smaller than ever and Dean feels guilty for giving up on him like that. He did not adopt him to give him a life of suffering.
Dean felt Jack holding his breath behind him. The young Nephilim considered his father, feeling a painful beat shake his heart. When he had met Lucifer in the Apocalypse World, he had believed. Of course, the Winchesters had told him how cruel and merciless and
He has a little sigh and turns to Castiel who silently stares at the horizon. On the bridge of stone, some people shout and laugh loudly, dizzy and comfortably numb with the calm of the night. Others hold each other, waiting for the show, stolen kisses and strong embraces swirling in the dark. He breathes deep the cold air and hides his face in Castiel's neck, moving next to him to find his place, closing his eyes against the angel's warmth, following the pulse of a vein with his lips, covering the skin with fluttering kisses. He feels Castiel slightly turning to him, putting his cheek on the top his head, lacing their hands together.
“Yeah” Sam says, now completely amused by the disbelief he sees on his brother’s face. “Why is that so hard to believe?”
“That doesn't explain why he stabbed you in the guts” Dean says, frowning. “What did you do to him?”
So, no matter how anguish was eating his mind and heart, he decided he would do anything to let Dean live as much as possible. Starting by chasing all these monsters away. And considering they were coming for Dean himself, this one unfortunately had to be prepared to face some if they ever dared to enter his home.
The night settled down on the town, the sky completely covered by a dark sea, the stars splattered on the firmament, shining pale above them. Most of the people gathered together on the bridge above the river, waiting for the firework to start. Seeing the loud and buzzing crowd, they drove just a few minutes away and reached a small peaceful hill. They walked to the top and sat on the grass, breathing in the soft blackness filling the empty space.
Castiel has a soft laugh and shakes his head, before he looks at Dean, wide shiny eyes diving into his. “No, not at all” he says before gazing back at the picture, his throat tight of emotion. “I love it” he says with pure honesty, before he hands it to Dean, cheeks flushed of color.
No one complained, they simply slipped out of the room in silence, only glaring at Cas with eyes full of hatred and contempt. When Lucifer and he were alone, he looked back at him, finally unraveling his wings that came rustling down in a waterfall of light. Lucifer observed the gesture and he considered his own wings that had settle into dirty white. A small second and they looked exactly like Cas’, bright and wonderful. It shot a shiver in Cas’ whole body.
Castiel sighs and sits right on the leather seat. “Alright, I can try” he says, reaching out to land his cool fingers on Dean’s bare forearm.
Seeing nothing comes out of the shadow, Dean turns back, decided to find his brother and mother, and leave this hell of a world for good. He barely has the time to raise his knife when a demon emerges out of the bushes and jumps on him, pushing him to the ground with such violence it makes Dean’s mind go blank for a few seconds.
“I am.” He answers and the lie rolls on his tongue. Wrath is electric in his flesh and he is nothing like the man that walked the streets a few weeks ago.
Yet when he looks at Dean’s broken expression, and the way his hands are white-knuckled and clenched into fists on his sides and how his body shakes like a terrified little animal, Cas feels a pang of worry in his chest and he wishes he could walk to him and heal him and just make his pain stop.
“The land where monsters go when they die. We cannot send your brother there. Heaven would never do this for me, and Hell would not be a better option...”
And then he thinks the feeling probably doesn’t flow both ways. Why would an angel, a being that saw the birth of this world and will probably see the downfall of it, feel this way towards him? After all, Cas is no human, and he realizes that even if he was, he would have probably loved someone better than him.
Castiel shakes his head, ill-at-ease. “Nothing. Just...” He shifts his weight from one foot to another. “Maybe I should wait outside.”
They still had so much to live. There couldn’t be another path than eternity spent together now. And Dean wasn’t sure he could hold onto life if Cas wasn’t there anymore. He had become essential to him, like the very air he breathed.
Castiel turns and he doesn’t understand Dean’s irritation. To him, the evening is beyond beautiful, colors illuminating the black concrete, shining like bursting stars on the cars, while people rush to enter the store, their breaths white and volatile in the cold air.
“Because if we as humans don’t help each other, then who will?” she answers, her eyes certain and strong and pure. He already misses her, and he knows Sam must be aching to the bone in this moment.
These very same pies also brought one of the biggest cataclysms in Dean’s life, even if he didn’t know it yet.
She puts her head on his shoulder and they observe the sky getting paler in the most perfect silence. Silence that is soon ripped apart when a strong blow of blue light scratches the morning. Castiel and Charlie both gets up in one motion, hearts beating fast.
When they pull apart, the stay for a moment forehead resting against each other's, bathing into sighs and night. They lay on the bed, and Dean immediately find his place in Castiel's arms, who holds him close to his chest, his hand resting on the demon's head.
Cas is staring at the sunset, his eyes reflecting the colors thrown across the sky: there’s deep orange like flames, and soft blue and lavender and bright pink, and among this nebula there’s the sun, golden coin thrown in the Heavens above, projecting long threads of honey above the sea.
every morning, shaking and bloodless, looking nervously around him as he tries to calm his distraught breathing and heartbeats. He then walks Gunner, and even if he's terrified by the night surrounding him, only pierced by old, flashing lampposts, he knows nothing can get him, not so far from the forest. He doesn't see it but he knows it's here, always on his right, dark and threatening, ready to call him into its poisonous arms.
Mother has a little laugh that spreads in the crowd. “You ask what you are doing here?” she says and Dean notices a sharp, foreign accent in her words that covers each ones of honey and blood. She suddenly gets up, making his body stiffen, and she slowly walks to him, her height weighing down on him. “Oh, but I think you know why you are here,
This one frowns. “What do you mean?” he asks, confused. Nothing feels real yet, but the steady swinging of the prism against his chest.
Amara has another smile, throwing pity like embers to Dean. “I hope you'll learn this lesson, Dean.” She says to the breeze.
He climbed the stairs leading to his front door, Cas close by his side for the alcohol had risen in his blood system and he was a tiny bit over tipsy.
When he pulled back, lungs aching, lips bruised and skin prickling with tears, the world danced a little around him, for a split-second. He blinked, and the dizziness vanished, only leaving the clear picture of Dean’s shock-slack features still close to his.
Castiel lays awake, listens to the night moving, whispering around him. He is completely alone, more alone than ever, and even the darkness refuses to carry his pain with him. The stars up above shine with a pale glow, and their light is cold, cruel, and does not bring him any comfort. The wind blows outside, shakes the thin walls of his home, home that became glacial and frightening. He crawled into bed to bury his body in the cold sheets and his fists grip them tightly. The tears want to roll on his cheeks, but it just feels like he is empty, like he is a river dried up and that not a single tear will flow.
He walks into the library and his guts are tight like a knot. Where could they possibly have gone? Sam supposes they stayed together as such a burden of a curse must be less difficult to bear when not alone, but he also thinks of how fragile their relationship seemed to be lately.
Castiel gives him a blank look in return. “So you would stab someone only because you don’t know them?”
A sudden wave of emotion makes his whole body shake and he rushes to the motionless angel. He falls on his knees next to him, putting Castiel on his back.
He grabs some pillows from the couch before he puts them on the floor, and lays down, settling down on the soft carpet. From where he is, he sees all the strings of light hanging above his head, the colors blooming in his chest.
“I don’t care about that” Dean said, his hands now gripping Cas’ hair, fingertips diving in soft, silky strands. “All that matters is everything good that happened to me.” He pressed a trembling kiss against Cas’ collarbone. “Nothing matters just as long as you’re here.”
Dean makes a step to him and Cas sees in his eyes he’s never been more honest and true to himself. “You won’t” he says, and he’s nearly begging at this point, though he dreads Cas’ reaction more than anything, “Just stay for tonight, please?”
Cas still avoided his eyes and he held his breath. “Please, Dean listen to me” he said and Dean froze, staring at him, wide-eyed and shivering of cold and fear. “I didn’t want to tell you the truth because I’m not supposed to. And because I didn’t want to lose your trust.”
“Should we go see Sam and Jack now?” Castiel whispered, and he didn’t want to let go, not in a million years.
He stood there in the silence of the night, incapable of saying a word, when all his being was screaming inside. He turned around and his heart, his lungs, his soul wanted to collide against Castiel and all he wanted was to collapse in his arms. But his body, this prison of bones, it kept him standing still, diving his feet into the mud. There was gravel inside his mouth, his throat, making his tongue heavy and bloody. The angel looked at him silently, and Dean watched a whole galaxy fall down in front of him. The worst pain spread on his face, his wings dropping behind him, like a broken soldier letting his weapons fall on the ground. Inside, there was a storm raging against Dean's bones but from the outside, it was two empty green fields swallowing Castiel, an imperturbable mask of amazement and curiosity staring back at him.
The demon has a cruel laugh. “Oh don’t worry! I will take care of your angel love, and then I will make you twist in pain until you beg me to stop.” He has a carnivorous smile, his mouth wide and his lips swollen as he bit them hard to keep himself from devouring Dean already, “I wonder if you taste like grace, too” he adds, his tongue passing on his yellow teeth like a wolf.
“Cas” Dean insisted, all his mind pushing against Cas’. “I can’t lose you. And I wouldn’t forgive myself if we died together because of me.”
But it doesn’t listen, never listens, and it pushes the light back into its skull, and it’s drowned into the abyss, having a last cry for its bright sun whose eyelashes are just starting to flutter open.
But he couldn’t, and suddenly Dean blinked and turned to him, and now it was too late. It was as if Dean’s bright eyes hooked his soul in, and his grace stuttered, stunned for a moment, and he saw the slight confusion etching itself onto Dean’s brow, so finally, he looked away as if nothing had happened. As if he didn’t hate himself for the way the mere sight of Dean beside him awakened some storm of an emotion inside pf him.
Dean’s worry continued to grow everyday, like a beast in his belly, devouring all his strength. The headaches were getting worse, bringing him down to his knees as if thousands of angels shrieked in his ears. He tried to control it with as much painkillers as he could, but he couldn’t get much without seeing a doctor. And he refused to see one. To go would mean that something was truly wrong with him and he couldn’t think of all the things that could go wrong.
He shivers violently. “Dean?” He says, and it feels like a dream, a sweet illusion his tortured mind created.
There is a strangled sound in his throat and he blinks, completely lost at sea. He mutters something under his breath, eyes diving into Castiel's heart. An angel behind him, devoured by curiosity, stepped silently closer and is now freezing under shock, searching for the familiar shape behind Castiel, long threads of darkness moving in the wind. Soon, a murmur covers the army that starts moving to them with hesitant steps, the most hateful losing their loathing immediately.
This one leans towards him, and his fingers reach out to the prism, brushing lightly against Dean’s, sending shivers in all the hunter’s spine. The angel observes the pendant for a moment, turning it in his hand, observing how the light changes its colors when he moves it. He feels it in his fingertips, the way his grace – or rather a part of it – is drawn to this small piece of diamond, yearning to curl inside of it and sleep until it has crossed the border between worlds.
Cas remembers the precious little things he’s clutching in his shaking palm and his heart starts beating again. He raises the small blue flowers to look at them again, and his grace has a gentle blow inside of him, as his eyes sadden, blue like the tide under the rain.
“I know,” Dean says. “But you can't stay like that. You’ve got to be careful or it'll be worse.” He stops to think. He knows how to heal a broken leg or arm, but a wing? How is he supposed to put a splint on it, when it is as thin as paper? He sighs deeply. “Do you think it'd be better if you kept if folded?” He asks.
A smile spreads on Cas’ mouth, victorious, devilish. “You made the right choice” he says, before glancing at the other cops behind him. “But see, I won’t come close with all these pointed at me me, you can understand that?”
Dean sighs deeply, and the future seems to darken every second. If this woman is really a force beyond their comprehension, capable of erasing more than thirty years of life, and replace the void with brand new memories, then what are their chances to actually save his brother?
He moved back to stare into Cas’ eyes. “Hey, are you alright?” he asked, his hands cupping his face.
Discreetly, when he drinks his coffee on the morning and he has to bite his tongue not to break down in front of Sam and Mary, on the afternoon when they finally are on a hunt and he has to focus and not let the water swallow him. And more often, during the night, when he lays awake, staring at the ceiling, listening to the steady beat of his heart. It’s not really like talking to Cas, rather turning the flow of some of his thoughts to him.
She gives him a hurt look and her wings have a slow beat before they curl around her. Sam stares at his brother, trying to calm his heartbeats in front of this growing, moving anger and these bottomless oceans of thick darkness. He puts a hand on his shoulder, making him step back.
''Alright... the bunker is too far away but uhm... I could drive to a motel and-'' he starts, his voice shaking.
But at last, when he felt like he would crumble directly onto the cold ground, his bones melting into the darkness, he felt a small thread of wind against his skin. He shivered and his eyes narrowed. A tiny ribbon of light escaped from under a black door that looked exactly the same as the one he took to enter the hallway. That was enough to turn mad, but Cas refused to make early assumptions.
“It could be dangerous for you to stay.” Castiel says and raises an arm to put it around her shoulders, his own cheek brushing against soft red hair. “We know what they're capable of if you don't obey.”
Miles away, a terrifying voice fills the empty woods, and a dress made of shadows brushes against the snow. There's an evil wrath burning the plain and the skies even shiver a little under the threat.
He doesn't feel paralyzed by fear when he wakes each morning, as he gets out of bed and softly wakes Cas with a kiss, before this one groans and hides his face in the pillows, and Dean laughs as he ruffles his hair. He makes them breakfast and sits at the kitchen table with a newspaper, waiting for Cas to arrive. He soon discovered he wasn't a soul of the morning, and that was perfectly fine to him. Cas eventually appears a few minutes after, strands of dark hair falling on his forehead, disheveled feathers on his crystal colored wings.
Dean lets out a sigh. “Maybe you were right. Maybe we should move to Fiji, or somewhere and leave all of this behind for a while.” He smiles softly at Cas. “I mean, unlimited food and cocktails and white beaches doesn’t sound that bad.”
Camille stares at her and a wave of sympathy flows from her. “Exactly.” Her eyes wonder to the window behind them, into the blooming flowers and trees, “This spell is so hard to cure, because true love doesn’t exist.”
Cas shakes his head. “It’s not working” he says in a husky voice, wrapping the blanket a bit closer around him. His eyes are glassy, still trapped under the spell’s wicked, green veil.
Cas’ heart misses a beat. “Then it’s my fault too. I never asked if you wanted me to stay in the first place.”
“Hey” he said, and a smile broke on his lips, “I was going to take a coffee, do you want-” he began but his words died on his tongue when Dean collapsed against his chest, arms wrapped tight around his back.
Cas breathes against his mouth and a small cold cloud travel from his lips to Dean's lungs and he shivers of pleasure. Everything tastes like words left unsaid and unchained feelings, and it's an explosion of sounds and sensations and Dean holds him closer against him.
Laughter fills Dean’s ears, strident and holy like cries in the night, and suddenly they grab him, and though he’s barely conscious, he can see the angels arriving with blazing torches, the flames rising to the sky like solar flares. The fire illuminates their celestial features in horrific masks and they walk to him, slowly like panthers to their prey, wide smiles on their faces, wings spread wide on their sides, the sky finally dark as night around them.
“Well, this is interesting. Can we visit it?” Sam asks, his smile spreading slowly on his face, the cold wind turning his cheeks ruby red, or maybe it is how the woman holds his gaze without blinking, staring at him with two dark gems, as calm and confident as the sun rising every morning.
As this chapter became longer than expected, I decided to cut it in two parts, so yes, extra chapter for you all to be posted tomorrow!
When did he leave his home? It could be weeks, or months, or even years and he would not know. Everytime he tries to remember, the night falls on his eyes and he has to take a minute, breathing heavily, the dark poison covering his brain, flowing in his veins.
“Yeah, maybe. But do you think of what will happen when we'll be home? If we can't break the link between the two of them, she'll come after us and kill us all.” His face darkens with a brief glimpse of fear. “This is quite a plan you got there, brother.”
Who turns slowly to him and raises his head, but his eyes are still avoiding him. He seems about to collapse, as if he could break in two and an ocean would burst out of him, leaving nothing but foam and threads of grace.
“I agree” Cas murmured, his fingertips tickling Dean’s palm. “It just feels like it happened lifetimes ago.”
Sam has a little laugh that Dean didn’t hear in a while in his mouth. It’s soft and innocent, and pure of bliss. He puts his hand on Dean’s shoulder. “Don’t rush” he says, before he gives him a deep, encouraging look, “Don’t miss that opportunity.”
They all sigh in the same motion, shoulders dropping low, Destiny weighing down on them. Eyes are lost into space, thoughts are flying, thick and darker than the night.
The Hunter who shot has a satisfied smile, and lowers his bow of dark wood. Castiel turns, and his eyes cover Dean with a desperate look, as Dean falls to his knees, trembling of pain, growling of rage.
“There must be someone” Mary says, her eyes lost in the path leading to the car. She then raises them to Sam, hopeful. “Dean has loved people in the past, right?”
“There are two of you” he says, squinting at Castiel. His eyes seem to clear a moment after. “Ah, nevermind.” He’s about to make a step when he freezes and glares at Castiel. “How I’m supposed to walk if you’re that close?”
The angel's whispers echo in Dean's mind and they fall like ashes on his lungs. The demon tries to take a deep breath but it only makes it worse. The wave of poison inside him grows and grows, swells like a cancer. It crashes against his ribs, his skull and his bones ignite. It is a sea of fire, smooth soft flames licking the shores of his eyes that snap to black in a second. The words repeat and repeat like an old broken radio and they are blows in Dean's stomach. He feels the anger like a ball of thorns in his throat and he clenches his jaw, shaking like a storm, his soul snapping around him like solar ribbons, bubbling furiously, ready to go off and blow the whole Universe with him. Yet, he does not move, does not attack, all his anger bottled up inside him, the animal growing inside still caged for the moment.
A moment after, he feels a presence next to him, a soft touch against his arm. He turns his head to see Castiel is now laying down next to him, shoulder against shoulder with him, one wing folded between them, the other slightly spread on his side. The lights cast neon shadows on his features, dance in his eyes as Dean loses himself in contemplation, his heartbeats slowing down, his breaths getting heavy on his chest.
Sam’s eyes had been opened a few weeks back, and he hated himself to have been so blind for so long. When they had finally trapped Michael in a circle of holy fire, they had all tried to save Dean. He, Mary, Jack, and even Rowena had shouted his name in desperate voices, to make him cast the archangel out. Their begging had cracked the celestial mask, but it was Cas who ultimately broke it down.
His first instinct is to step back and pushes the angel behind him. Castiel froze and is standing like a statue of salt in front of the evil apparition. Despite Dean's silhouette almost hiding him, he is standing tall, his wing open wide behind him, knives of black ice shooting at the sky. In a second, his blade shines silver in his hand and he walks next to Dean.
Sam speaks for him. “I agree we have to do as fast as possible.” He raises his eyes to look at Castiel. “What do we do?” He asks, hope shining gold in his tired irises.
Cas’ eyes dive into his. “Because I have a deal” he says, before glancing at Dean, his face an impassible mask. He then looks back at the policemen, standing strong and proud in front of twenty guns aimed at him. “I give him to you, and you let me go.”
Castiel's sore body made him wince, acid human pain bubbling inside him but he could not leave, not anymore. He had to wait for the soul to wake up, for it to find its place again among the white bones and soft flesh, behind the growling heart that pumped black. He had to be there when it would breathe again, and he had to be there to see if the miracle worked.
Cas is laying on his back, the demon sitting on his chest with all his weight, smirking as he holds the angel blade Cas lost in the fight above his body, ready to stab him right in the heart.
''Maybe I didn't want to.'' The man says, and it is a blow in Dean's mind. For the first time, he is facing someone who is not afraid of Death, the big sleep. Castiel answered coldly, and his voice did not shake. His words felt numb.
In the back of the room, there is a large bathtub, blinding white porcelain coming from the skies, with elaborate legs made of gold, but Dean walks to the shower, that is just delimited by darker tiles. There is an only an opening on the ground, covered by thin bars of the same deep yellow, and Dean would imagine the water swirling with the soap, perfumed storm diving into the soil, trapped in silver pipes, before they are thrown out back to the sea, pure and limpid.
Dean has a little laugh, and walks out of the shower to him, only causing Castiel to blurt indistinct words. “Unless you're planning to stay like that,” Dean starts, gesturing at Cas' heavy strands of hair falling on his forehead and the blood splattered on his face. “You'll have to join. Besides, I need to check on your wing.” Castiel seems to hesitate, frozen under Dean's shiny eyes. “C'mon, don't be shy, angel.” The demon adds, punching Castiel softly on his shoulder.
“But I do,” Dean says, and he gets closer to him. “And I remember falling for you.” He adds, leaning to Cas.
The rest was a steady flow of chaos. Bit by bit, everything he had known, everything he had always believed to be true had crumbled away, only leaving doubt, godforsaken
Charlie appears from the corridor, her short hair looking dull, with her faded eyes and worried expression. Her look flutters to Castiel, before she walks to him. Dean notices she keeps her wings folded behind her, almost hiding them.
“Yes, I had understood that part” Lucifer answered, shifting into a small blonde woman, staring at the bottom of his glass pensively. “Why do you need me for?”
For the next hour, time turns into a swirling blurry pond of laughter and light. Dean fights to make the tree stands still under Castiel's amused smile before he helps him putting the tinsels and ornaments on it. There's a full box he got from his parents, for Sam and Jessica preferred to buy new, modern ones. He feels like a child again, sitting under the tree, putting one bauble at the time, carefully, as if it was the most important task he had been given in his life. He doesn't realize how tall the tree is until he sees Castiel standing on his tiptoes next to him, trying to reach the tallest branches with a frown of concentration, his wings frozen half open behind him as if he was keeping his balance this way.
Cas barely breathes, and Dean's short hair tickles his skin, his devilish warmth surrounds him, his smell is all over him. His wings open suddenly above his head, every feather shivering of a new, burning sensation. His fingers fly to Dean's arm and his fingers land softly on his jacket. Bright visions follow the touch, and Cas has to take a deep breath to keep control, otherwise he would throw himself into the embrace and collide, and let himself burn like a bird into the Sun.
Dean freezes. He was so sure he acted like everything was fine and nobody noticed the war raging inside him. He even forgot Annie's words for a whole evening. He clenches his jaw. “Maybe.”
. Something deep, raw and destructive, something that showed in the way Dean was clinging to Cas as this one was shivering feverishly in his arms. Something bright and beautiful yet unconfessed.
The line was bright, golden and these children were as lovable as the others. They had luminous eyes and soft strands of hair. They had joyful laughs and colorful smiles. But they grew up and the beating of their own hearts became too loud, the blood flowing in their temples as they would roll in bed, slamming their palms on their ears to make the whispers stop. And finally one day, they would snap and they would shout from their windows before they would run the city, ripping flesh and bone apart until the morning where they would stop, breathless, satisfied, powerful. The Hunters began to appear after that, chasing them to the edge of the night.
Dean manages to laugh, even if it costs him the greatest pain. “What do you think?” he gently says as he looks at Castiel, and he’s so glad to see him, and he just wants to fall and die against his chest.
For all he knew, he could have started hours ago. His muscles burned, his breathing was raspy and hot in his lungs and his head hurt like hell. But he didn’t mind. He kept on taking deep breaths and moved on, letting the small trail unravel under his feet. He had to focus as hard as possible not to let his wings burst for everyone’s sight, and so he clenched his jaw, biting his tongue and letting the blood bead on it, pushing all the grace away.
Now that Dean thinks of it, Cas had been acting strange all day, but well, that was just Cas being Cas.
The house is just like the pictures, except for the dry and frozen field behind it. The roses are still here, strangely blooming in the winter, projecting their bright red on their irises. An arch covered by ivy opens the way to the door, pale white gravel covering the ground.
Sam gasps. “Is that…?” he says, leaning until the tip of his nose nearly touches the vial. He then raises his shiny eyes to Dean, awed. “How did you do it?”
Cas looks startled and he curses himself to be so obvious about his emotions. “Yes, I’m fine” he says and he doesn’t even know why he lies, it just comes naturally. And though it feels toxic and black in his mouth, he can’t help it.
“Dean?” he breathed, the single world like a punch to the gut, a knife pushed through his throat gurgling blood.
The ground is also torturous: the feeling of it under their feet changes in turns, hard and dry and then wet and sticky and then back to rocks making their steps sore. A few slender, barren trees grow here and there, but they offer no shadow, no protection, nothing.
“Go” Dean said. “I don’t want her to worry” he said, and he felt his heart pinched by how badly he missed her and his whole family. He couldn’t wait to meet them all again, even if the lies would be heavy to carry.
“No” Cas answered, staring back at the milky fields under the starry skies. “I’d like to stay awake a bit longer.”
The woman has a long, heavy sigh. “Yes.” She opens the door wide and makes a few steps back. “My name’s Camille. Please, come in.”
As he is about to enter the clearing, he starts to hear a soft voice singing an odd lullaby with words he doesn't understand. The voice is carried by the wind, both warm and welcoming and ethereal and hypnotic. Dean chases the pain away with a blink of his eyes and steps into the circle of gold, barely breathing. Behind him, Gunner stops walking with a whine, shaking on his paws.
His hunter soul shakes him and he raises his head to look around him. No need to search further: it's right there, in front of him, standing like a stone on the edge of the rock, facing the moving ocean.
But for once he had driven to an evening of delight where he could forget himself and the world around for a few hours. But he didn’t do it alone.
He lowers his head and plays with a thread coming out of his t-shirt. The scent of this one is fading, but he can still perceive the hot woody aroma around the clothe, the one that once saw great black wings spread under the dull skies. At first, it was easy, all his madness was running free and he did not care about a thing. But nightmares appeared, haunting his mind at night with ghosts and bloody familiar faces.
When the sun would appear completely behind the curtains, they would get up and join the family. The day would start with a quick breakfast Dean could barely swallow and as soon as the last remains of the night would fade, they would start the day, lungs as heavy as the Galaxy itself.
And suddenly something had shifted in Michael’s cold stare and before he could utter a word, the room was filled with a brutal, blinding white-blue light, snuffing the holy fire away, Dean and Cas falling limp on the floor.
Cas doesn’t move either. His breathing is rapid, heavy, his blood and grace flowing loudly in his veins, thundering in his head, shouting. He feels so incredibly tired, and stained, and unholy and all he wants is to collapse. But he thought the bunker would be empty and he could just sit and rest until the rest of his family would come back from the hunt they were probably in.
Eileen sighs and her eyes do not leave Castiel, whose grace started to flow towards her. The tip of a ribbon touches her soft aura and there is a soft blow of blue in her orange and yellow. Just like when angels' souls touch each other.
Black and white tiles, long pastel bar, neon lights. His eyes travel on the room, and the warmth of the place surrounds him, making him suffocate. There is too much noise around, the people talking, the plates put down loudly, the coffee maker spurting its poison. Even the wind hits the walls, shaking him like a doll, his little house of paper taken in the storm.
(Dean wonders if Cas ever misses being among them, though he’s quite sure Heaven is even more far away than that, even more unreachable for his very human grasp.)
Dean made a few steps toward the shuddering silhouette. “Hey, everything OK here?” he asked, wrapping his arms around his chest, his coat feeling paper-thin around his body.
“Yes” Sam snaps, torn between the small spark of hope to have found a solution, and the dread to be unsure of if it’ll work, or not. “Can you do it now?”
(Among the bone she saw fascination, and grieving, and despair, and longing, and worry, all in a terrible symphony of fluttering wings and hearts. She saw the hands grasping into nothingness, the words stuck in throats ashamed, and the beautiful, beautiful fire threatening to destroy everything on its way.)
Strong arms hold him down, all their weight on him. There is a last blow of pain, and suddenly it is over. He aches silently, panting, breathing hardly like a newborn. He opens his eyes and tries to speak but he is cut by soft, delicate fingers on his forehead.
“I can save him, I know it” Cas said, shaking his head. He then clenched his jaw and shook himself from Her touch. One of her hands came to rest by Her side, while the other came to rest against the scythe again, scythe that had been standing alone like a fourth creature in the room.
She exhales deeply and puts her calm abysses of eyes on them. “They chased me for days, but I learned protection spells from my father. Since then, they cannot find me.” She says, before turning to the angels. “This is why you didn't see me as I am.” She turns back to Sam. “I'm sorry I didn't tell you.” She whispers and he presses her hand gently in his own.
Dean turns suddenly to her, his eyes snapping to black, making the angel jumps. He is just a few feet away, all his height falling down on her, covering her bird wings with electric shadows. “Why are still here?!” He asks, clenching his jaw.
He buries his head deeper into Cas' coat, enjoying the celestial warmth of it. He blesses every star up above for this moment, for something he has been craving for years, and especially since these three terrible weeks.
Dean's words are left stuck in his throat, his tongue is heavy and dry. “What?” he blurts, observing Castiel's halo and immaculate wings, and he refuses to believe his sleepless nights and dirty hands and screwed up mind can be tied to something as celestial as them.
Dean has a weak little smile. “Exactly.” His soul gives Castiel a little blow, shaped into a small ball of bright green and gold light. “If Amara ever let me go, it could be in centuries, if not more.” His eyes glimmer of hurt, for a brief second. “You'll not even remember me by this time.”
would be there too, and all of this would’ve been just a terrible nightmare. Almost instinctively, he raises his hand to touch the pendant, cool against his warm chest. The small weight of it reassures him, anchors him to the present.
His brother is trying to hold himself together, he sees it in his clenched fists and twitchy breaths and tense features. But the tears in his eyes don’t lie. Some of them roll down his face in silence, crash onto the floor without a sound, and all his being exhales sorrow. He blinks and has a short, strangled sigh, as if he was trying to push this familiar demon he knows to be called loss away.
Mary, with a little, uncertain voice, suggested to do it herself but Sam reassured her that it was fine like it was. Truth is, she already had some hard time admitting her son was most certainly in love with his friend, who happened to be an angel at the same time. Sam really didn’t want to see what she could do with that uneasy feeling of her and Dean and Cas’ silence.
Cas’ hands tighten around his cup until his knuckles become white, as if about to split into liquid stardust. “No, of course it’s not that” he says, the ghost of a sad smile appearing on his mouth. He falls silent, his thoughts tormenting him as he doesn’t know what to do. He then lets out a heavy breath. “I wish it was more than that” he finally admits in a hushed heartbeat, terrified.
Dean gets up and puts a hand on Sam's shoulder. “Thank you.” He says in a serious, tender tone. “Now, let's go outside so I'll make him pay for leaving me alone with you!” He adds with a grin.
His phone suddenly vibrates on the table where he left it last night. It's a message from Daria. Dean frowns, wondering what she wants from him. He opens it.
Dogs were fast, it wasn’t new. But these creatures were more than that. Dean was racing through the fields, his dogs on his heels, and his breathing was raspy and loud in the night, and his ribs hurt, and yet the wolves-like demons were close to him. Too damn close.
Dean is sitting in front of him, lost in the same old stupor. The bottle of beer feels cold in his hands and the alcohol shakes, golden and light, in his fingers. He does not dare to say a word, guilt stuck in his throat like a rock. He lets his soul rise above him for a moment, fly above the city as he searches for Amara. He only needs a second and his aura suddenly touches another one, spicy and black, that swallows him whole. Screams and the familiar scent of blood fills his mind, causing a shiver from his frozen body. He flinches and Amara smiles at him from the other side of the town, innocent tears dripping from her bony fingers. He blinks and focuses back on the reality, now knowing she is too busy to care about him.
He almost looks like a stranger. His cheeks grew hollow and Castiel could let a ball of grace make its nest in them. His hair is a little longer too, and a soft shadow started to spread on his jaw and around his mouth, the sides of his face. His eyes are duller, a faded green with timid sparks of gold. He is still wearing the leather jacket Castiel gave him, and it is dusty, clinging to his body like a second skin, as if he did not take it off once. But the most shocking is his soul. Where it was bright, swirling, a swarming darkness with hints of green and blue, or red when he was taken by violent emotions, it is now a dark gray almost motionless around him. A few lights started to appear but they seem to be far away, like traffic lights in the fog, in the rain, in the night. It is such a wrenching thing to see him like this.
“Then what?!” Dean asks in a half scream, half whisper. “Because we can't work together if you lie to me! Why didn't you tell me?!” He repeats.
“It’s over, Cas” Dean said, his words swallowed by sorrow. He shook his head, his eyes still fluttering like little wild things around Cas’ head. “Over” he whispered, and then he truly began to cry, his head dropping against Cas, his whole body completely crumbling against his chest.
Cas shakes his head and his eyes drift on all Dean’s face, as if he was trying to map it in his mind, in all its curves and rough edges, all the details he wants his fingertips to brush every day and every night. “Never” he whispers.
Daria shakes her head. “It's a small town, Dean. People are not used to this… kind of things. I've been here since I was born and believe me, it was all Sunday party for as long as I had my husband. But when I left that bastard for her...” Her voice breaks a little in her throat. “Some clients stopped coming, others still refuse to look at me in the eye.”
Castiel gives him a weak smile and the tip of his wing pushes Sam slightly in a gentle touch. “You're right.” He says in a low voice. When he thinks, he started to miss his home and the soft weight of the pines on his halo. He raises his head to dive his eyes into Sam's. “We shouldn't stay any longer.”
Dean clenches his jaw and steps back next to Castiel, still staring at the one who dared to even think of harming him. The angel stares at him in complete astonishment, his whole body still sore of anger, his blood boiling softly like a red river in his veins. The demon turns his head to look at him and his eyes turn to green again, soften suddenly like a fire covered with honey.
Castiel walks slowly to him, flashes of the dreadful night filling his mind. His wings are covered by a shiver, and he folds them a little. He whispers Dean's name and the demon barely moves, only turns his head to his side, eyes closed.
She glares at him. “Do I need to remind you I’m doing this for you and your dear brother?” She has a dramatic gesture of her hand. “If I didn’t have so much pity for the Winchesters, I would let them die. But well, I’ve always been known for my generosity.”
“Hm” Dean starts, now lost. How can he even explain the situation when this Castiel has such hard time believing in the existence of other worlds, he the celestial being who lived for centuries? He lets out a little sigh. “He… He’s an angel.”
And yet the golden car is getting closer to this hostile neighbor, tires biting the gravel as it approaches a small wooden house perched above the city with a breathtaking view over the cold fields. The forest is near, spying on this metallic stranger with a frowning eye but the building does not mind, it stands tall above the ground and holds its breath as the first car arrives, sparkling under the dull sky.
Dean observed the beams of light on the road before he took a small, shaking breath. “You’re our family, Cas, I don’t know how many times I’ll have to tell you, but you belong here.” he said, gesturing around him and Castiel was unsure if he talked about the world or the seat of the Impala by his side. It was pretty much the same thing for him.
That’s too much for Cas, whose heart breaks at the ache in his stubborn little human’s voice. He reaches out to Dean and suddenly his hands cup Dean’s face, and his skin is warm, his hair soft under his fingertips as he dives his eyes into his. He can feel his grace and soul beating nervously, his blood rushing in his veins and his mind flashing of silver and golden lights and his hands shake as they hold the most precious thing in his life, but his voice does not tremble when he says, “What if that’s what I want?”
Castiel sighs and opens back his eyes. “We're going to save your brother.” He simply says with no more explanation.
And then the woman screams, a high-pitched wail of terror, drawing the two bikers that entered the store after them. They rapidly consider the gun pointed at the man who is shaking like a leaf, and then Dean’s calm face, and the drawings on the bright screen.
“I mean Cas, I thought you trusted me!” Dean says, incredulous, feelings mixed inside his head like a boiling, murky pond. “That's it, you don't trust me?!”
Castiel doesn't say anything, just curls his wings above them, protecting them from the rain, divine shelter from the storm growing outside.
“Always am” Dean answers and he gives a look at his little group. “Just meet me here as soon as you can, and don’t get caught.”
Sam’s breath is caught in his throat. “We have to find her. Now” he says, and Jack nods, already turning back to walk so fast the brothers struggle to follow him.
No beast from the mouth of the earth and no creature from the eyes of the skies would come to rip him from his sweet, beautiful life. Cas would make sure he would live many more years. Maybe it was selfish, because Dean’s life meant he would stay whole, meant he would keep his heart full of sunlight and his grace burning of pure adoration.
And then, they both held their breath, for Dean was standing in the middle of the room, untouched. There was no more blood on his skin, no more dirt, no more pain.
Castiel steps aside and takes Dean with him at the last second, the electric arrow crackling next to his ear, leaving a burning mark on his skin and static filling his head. Dean holds his breath as he sees Lucifer slowly standing up again, his limbs shaking but his eyes still glowing as bright as before, an entire Hell raging in his veiled irises.
He moved back again. “Think something” he signed, and Cas frowned even deeper than before, considering him with a completely lost gaze. “Say something in your mind” Dean added, feeling completely insane.
He cries like a miserable, selfish children and there is suddenly a soft touch on his cheek. He raises his head to see Lazarus who licks his tears gently. His wide dark eyes look like two voids where Castiel can see rare shooting stars. There is an odd sadness in his animal irises, a genuine grief when he buries his wolf head in Castiel's chest.
?” He shakes his head and takes a long sip of his beer. “Nah, don't think it's gonna work.” He snaps, bitterness tainting his voice.
But then he realized that was exactly the reason of his tears. After all they had been through, with Lucifer, and the parallel worlds and most of all, Dean getting possessed by Michael, he had thought he would never see the end of this dark tunnel.
But deep down, he knows this future can’t be. First because there will always be more. There will always be another beast to emerge from the belly of the Earth, another monster to come roaming this world and destroy everything that stands in its way. There will always be something bad that will come to disturb the fragile peace this whole universe is in. The worst is yet to come, as they say.
He takes out one ornament out of the box and has a small laugh. “Hey, look.” he says, as Castiel turns his head to look at him. “It's you” Dean says with a grin as he shows him a small angel with tiny white wings.
The demon opens wide eyes when a fissure appears on the dry spell, snaking on the whole surface. It soon creates a spider web, a red light glowing weak underneath. The angel tries desperately to look behind him, eyes full of fear. The noise woke a few of his brothers that turn around, frowning, giving Dean questioning looks. The demon opens his mouth to explain, but he does not even know what is happening. The faded light turns into a gruesome liquid bubbling out of the cracks. Dean holds his breath and closes his eyes, dreading the consequences of his actions. He gathers his strength and pushes all his soul at once on the wings.
''That's fine, I'll survive. But thanks for-'' He gestures around him. ''Thanks for everything.'' He starts walking in the room, his eyes flying from the shelves to the bed, whistling under his breath to call the blade.
And now Dean sees it. How Death is not quite into the violence that precedes it. It lays in the emptiness that is creating itself inside of you as you start to disappear. As you stop being someone, as you stop
He held his breath and the light swallowed then, great and beautiful, the monsters roaring like the tide behind them.
He’s about to say something when Sam shouts his name and he turns his head to see a man with black eyes walking fast to another, very human and innocently watering his bushes, before he snaps his neck in one quick motion under his wife’s eyes, and her scream reaches Dean right in his chest.
''We just bought him a few minutes ago, actually.'' Castiel answers, and a part of him does not want to choose. Names hold too much power. Once you name something, or someone, it haunts your mind, and when your life is as old as the Universe itself, it is too much pressure. Names and names forever written in blood letters in your skull.
Next to Castiel, Charlie is shaking, her thin legs craving to run to her friend and take him far away from this evil creature. She keeps having small jolts, as if her soul was pushing her to Dean, but her body knew the danger, and was keeping her where she was standing. Next to her, Sam clenched his jaw and Castiel sees how hard it is for him to observe the scene without doing anything. He spent years on his own, suffering, crying and the short time he passed with his brother brought light back into his being. And now, he has to see the madness taking control of the green eyes that are so familiar to him. Eileen holds his hand tight, her knuckles turning white and she keeps throwing half worried, half hurt glances to Dean, her short wings opening slightly on her sides, estimating her chances of saving him without getting killed.
Dean’s heart leaped forward. “No I don’t” he repeated, and suddenly became very aware of how small the wagon was, how close they were. His eyes dived into Cas’, before they drifted down his face, stumbling on his lips, falling upon his collarbone, half hidden by his shirt. He looked back into his eyes, and these ones seemed to open like oceans, swallowing him whole, the neon lights dancing madly in them.
Sam is about to answer but as if her words triggered fate, his phone starts ringing. When he pulls it out of his pocket, he sees Dean’s name appearing on it and his heart has a small leap. If he’s calling, that means he’s still alive and well enough to do it.
“What if I walked out of it by myself?” Cas asked, raising his head proud to look at her from all his height.
, he realizes with bitterness. He was twisted enough to believe he could control life and death, that he was like a god at the dawn of this world and the others, and he could just make the blood flow back in Cas’ veins. But really, what is he, if not just an ant, a bug in this big, cold universe? A speck of dust that could be erased with a flick, an inconvenience easily brushed away from creation?
They were warm and huddled together by the tree, shining of dozens of colors, thanks to Dean and Cas, enjoying a calm evening without ache or sorrow for the first time in a while.
The woman turns, ready to complain at her co-worker when Dean pulls a gun out of his belt and suddenly it’s pointed at the man’s forehead like a deadly finger. “I wouldn’t do anything if I were you” Dean says, his voice low and black.
It’s like a rock weighing down on his chest, sinking into his flesh, crushing his lungs with every breath he takes. He felt the prickle of tears in his eyes for several times since they arrived, and each time he swallowed them back, not understanding why it felt so hard, why he couldn’t just erase the memory of the night before from his mind.
Jack turns his head and he sees Sarah from where he is and his hand reaches out to her and he can still feel her soft hair under his fingers, her honey smile under his mouth. Tears roll down his cheeks and he cries to the moon.
