“You’re not asking, I’m offering.”
“If you say so,” Tony said, and the elevator doors closed. For several moments he remained quiet but then he turned to Steve and asked, “How do you do that? I mean, you see yourself as Captain America or Steve Rogers.  Not one and the same. Me? I’m Iron Man, but the suit and I are one.”
“Most people are idiots,” Nat had said and looked into the distance. He wondered if she was searching the crowd for Clyn – who was probably very nearby considering omegas never strayed too far from their alphas. When she locked eyes with Clyn something swift and tender passed between them.
“And he’ll do his job on board his ship.”
Steve kept his face as still as possible but for some reason his mind skipped to Stark – how he would throw out a few sarcastic remarks to the two supposed wizards or sorcerers or whatever they pretended to be. There were times that Tony reminded him a little too much of his younger self – which didn’t make much sense because Tony was older than him in age but not in years lived.
“Spit it out, Cap.”
Steve doesn’t believe for a second that a similar thought hasn’t run through Tony’s brain before – after all it’s a widely known fact that the prince is a genius. But why is it that he’s sitting on his hands and letting Stane bully him into a declaration that will surely cause destruction. Stane has to be threatening the prince – there’s no other way around it. Steve knows his actions over the course of the last twelve hours weren’t explainable to Tony, but he’s glad he went to Natasha. Someone must have eyes on Stane.
“SHIELD has been studying the vital statistics of it for a while. SHIELD scientists started to investigate the existence outside of the myths and theories. Soul packs are even rarer than simple soul bonds,” Fury said.
Their captors come with shock sticks and bully clubs. They unlock the lion as it roars at them, arching away instead of attacking. Tony wonders at the lion as it quiets and follows the men out of the cave, the long thick chain dragging along the rocky floor. The lion looks back at Tony with a mournful glance before its captor tugs it to follow. They leave and Tony worries he’ll never see the lion again.
“Steve,” Tony pets Steve’s hand. “Ultron had you. He pretended to be me. You were there for months.”
He’s quiet under Tony’s touch. An almost imperceptible shudder and he replies, “I don’t want to waste time. I’ve been lost to it for too long.”
“Jarwin?”
Tony cradled Steve against his chest. What could he say? He had resented Steve for saying the things he had – deviant, wrong. But then again, had he even considered Steve’s upbringing? Had he even considered that the world that Steve understood and the environment he’d grown up in had been less evolved – if that was the way to put it. “It’s okay.” Was it? Tony thought it was. Normally Tony would tease and extract some amount of apology – more than what Steve had offered. But the fact was that he didn’t want that – he wanted what they had in this moment. He wanted it forever. “It’s okay. You get a pass. You get a do over.” Making the moment light might not be the best avenue to take but the intensity might drive Tony into an early grave from a heart attack.
“Well, for one thing there’s no music.” Steve doesn’t move but Tony extends his hand.
Bucky only shares a quiet look with Sam. He’s got that damned bird that follows him around all over the place sitting on his shoulder with a small leather hood over its head. Redwing has been Sam’s companion for years and Scholar Peggy has confessed that the bird is Force sensitive and that’s why Sam bonded to it so well. As he stands watching his friend, the world explodes around them. The ship rocks and lurches as it’s struck again and again. Bucky holds onto the strap as Sam swings and grabs onto Bucky.  Redwing flutters its wings. They don't have any other air support. Clint has to get them in or as close as he can and then fly off to hide in the asteroid belt of the Gavinian Systems.
“Yeah.” Steve gives a small laugh. “Actually, one of the ways I died was starving myself. I couldn’t stand it, so I stopped eating. When I came back in perfect health, I figured it was some occurrence due to the serum. It was only later that I figured out it was my experience with the forces behind the tesseract.”
“You are a little shit, aren’t you?” Tony leans over enough and Steve snatches a handhold of his uniform, dragging him into the massive bathtub. He lands with a fierce splash, soaking the floor around them and sputtering as he breaks the surface of the bubbles. Steve laughs delightedly.  Tony grumbles, “You’ve ruined my uniform.”
The nurse comes for Tony. It takes a moment for Tony to find his composure, but he nods and exhales. “I’m ready.”
Tony tries not to think about losing this one strong and fierce link. Aunt Peggy has always been the bedrock of his foundation. When he enters the living room she's sitting at an ancient roll top desk but instead of letters on paper there's a small laptop blinking with its blue light.
Ultron holds the world hostage and the only way to stop him is to go straight to the source, on the AI’s level.
“Was he your alpha?” Tony asks and would be astounded if he’s had three alphas in his life time. That would either be highly suspect or very bad luck.
“Deal. Night Steve.”
"Yes, that's what they said, but they didn't tell you that your name wasn't Steve Rogers, right?"
“I left the other Blu, the real one – well you’re the real one but he’s actually a living one. I left him behind. He’s over there. I don’t know if he even got out. If he’s even safe.” He pets the little toy. “I want to be good.” His words sound so small, inconsequential, but life changing. “I’m going to be good.”
Barnes scrapes a chair across the floor and plants it right next to Tony, close enough that their knees are only centimeters apart. “When he was a kid, nobody thought he would live. People were prejudice as shit around him. Don’t know how it got out, but it always did. Couldn’t walk down the street without people throwing trash at him. Probably one of the reasons he started to stand up for the little guy, even though he wasn’t much he always did.”
“No,” Steven says and shivers. “I guess you’re right.” He’s not looking at Tony. His eyes wet with tears stare at the ceiling of the small bonding room.
“Loki has a tendency to -.” Steve begins,
“That’s nice Happy. Everyone should like what they do.” Steve turns this over in his head. He does like being a sex worker. “I like what I do, too.”
Steve settles his wing around Tony and he feels it as well, that unspoken, unseen bond. It forms between them, stronger.
"So he made you just to damn you?" Tony asks and picks up his wineglass. "Seems like a very shitty thing to do."
Her giggle drew him to look at her. Her attempt to wipe the smile off her face failed. “That’s just what Tony said. No one really knows where the power comes from. We know it’s cosmic but not how it works. Maybe the sun is just too close? That the power from it overloads us?” Natasha shrugged and then smiled wider. “Maybe Tony will figure it out.”
Choice. Its learned there was no choice. There was acceptance or pain. Pain came in levels.
He left.
I can get two people on that shield as a sled.” He stands at parade rest as if he’s confronting his commanding officer.
Rumlow rammed the tip of the penlight into his wound. The pain sent flashes into his field of vision. Pressing the single button on the penlight, Rumlow said, “Delivery complete.”
“I don’t think so, sir. I think the breakfast nook was popular in the 60s.”
“Fury, Phil, they’re working on the inside. Now Nat,” Steve says and closes his eyes as he leans back in the seat. “Now, we’re all on the run. Again. I won’t be able to help Clint or -.” He stops and shivers. This time the tears do come but he denies them. “We have to get home, back to the apartment. I have to make plans. Nat should be able to delay them, but for how long?”
“Yeah, I will.” He disconnects with another tap and then the timer rings. Using tongs, he pulls out the toys and then sets them to dry on a clean surface. While they dry, he thinks about the workshop. It wouldn’t hurt just to take a peek.
"Things you shouldn't do. They find out. I can't see you anymore. "
“Oh don’t worry about that, we have you covered. I have a tutor coming in this weekend to give you a crash course.”  Tony waits for Steve to react but there’s only steady breathing. “You’re not surprised.”
Steve slid his tongue into Tony and probed in and out, in and out. Tony grappled, trying to get a hand on his aching cock, but Steve slapped him away. He took Tony in hand as his tongue entered him. Steve fucked him with his tongue and pumped him with his hand until Tony went insane from the need. He pounded into Steve’s hand, begging for release. Each time he came close, Steve would let up a little, loosen his hand, and Tony would only whimper a little more. The sound delighted Steve, threw him deeper into the dream, the promise, caused his straining cock to drip copious amounts of come.
“I won’t – that’s the beauty of being a vampire Divini – it can’t hurt me anymore, remember. It will just make it more difficult to use my abilities, if you know what I mean,” Tony said and patted the lounger again. “Unless you would like me to leave?”
Over the din he hears JARVIS trying to call him, but it is all happening too fast and Tony’s moving in slow motion as the rest of the world speeds up. He must move because he finds himself in the foyer of his house watching Steve get into a black SUV. Fury is standing next to the vehicle, his features locked in that ever stoic gaze. He gives no pause and sweeps into the SUV alongside Steve.
“Well, that’s a long story,” Tony said, but glanced up at Steve as he listed to the side. “But I think we have to attend to our leader first.”
Steve embraces Tony, kissing his pulse point on his throat and then up toward his jaw and finally his lips. He breaks away. “I won’t. I’m sorry. I’m here for you.” He finds he doesn’t like the pain streaking through Tony’s features.
“Hard to get is more like it.”
Before the car arrived on the designated floor, JARVIS said, “I do hope that Captain Rogers will make a full recovery, sir.”
Steve leads Tony to the ship and then to the prince’s quarters. The guards scurry to try and keep up, but Steve knows the schedule and he will not have the prince late. That will only serve the rumor mill. They don’t need that especially after the earlier events. Once in the quarters Steve demands that Tony get cleaned up and disregards his insistence that they shower together.
After a few minutes, he hears an adamant, “Sir!”
He moves and the ice fissures. Tony taps his forehead. “Nat. I really screwed up. I really, really screwed up.”
Tony twisted his mouth like he bit into a lemon. “Right, an open mind. Like that will work with the idea that someone who is Brother is my parents’ killer. You do remember that part.”
“This way,” Tony says and shows the omega to the farthest branch of the hallways in the aft section. This area glimmers with his wealth. The beauty of the universe is designed right into the ship. It captures the glint and shine of the hyper-scape and when they are not folding space for travel, it highlights the starscape. When he glances at Steven, he sees that the man is impressed.
Tony saw the same fierceness, the same determination that always glowed in Captain America’s eyes in a man that – for Tony – was the barest of memories in Steve Rogers’ story but would always be the major player for Steve himself. “I know that you can’t possibly-.” He stopped, looked down at his slender hands – hands that no longer had the strength to fill the role of Captain America. Or so Tony thought. “I can’t ask you to forgive him. I can’t ask you to accept him in the role of Brother for our pack. But I can -.” He swallowed hard, audibly. When he met Tony’s gaze again there were tears in his eyes. “I can release you. You don’t have to be tied to me, to him. You don’t have to feel his soul. Know what he did – in all the details. You don’t. I can consult with Doctor Strange. I’m sure he knows of someone-.”
Steve walked into the sitting room of the suite and rubbed his hands on his pants before turning to Tony to say, “Thanks for what you did on the plane. That was nice.”
Gasping, Tony cries, “Thank you, thank you for saving me.”
He steps into the shower and lets the warm water cascade over him, ignoring the memories of Tony kneeling in front of him in this very shower. His cock twitches slightly at the fleeting images, but he pushes those thoughts away. Instead, he washes like a baptism. He cleans away the past. He doesn’t forget it, he doesn’t want to ever forget Bucky, but he needs to compartmentalize his pain, his sorrow, his potential loss. He has a job to do – take care of the prince, make sure he’s safe and happy. If he does his job successfully, then indirectly Steve may affect the possibilities of recovering Bucky, of helping the Fleet. It’s a lofty thought process, but it’s not overreaching he tells himself.
The Hunter glances over his shoulder and smiles when he turns back to Tony. He opens his arms as if to offer an embrace. “Do you think that’s all I have? A few moronic soldiers? They are all ready to give their lives over for me. Why? Because of men like you, men from the West who think they know how to govern here in the wretched Hell that you spit at. We will bathe in your blood one day, you infidels.”
“Wanting to move on is not a sin, Steve,” Sam says. He’s zeroed in on the one thing that’s obvious. “Plus you like him. It’s okay to like him.”
Steve’s head pops up and he stares wide-eyed at him. “Oh no. Tony, he’s yours.”
She touches his shoulder. “So am I.”
Tony knows it’s a lie but he finishes up on the computer. It will take some time to get the final download completed. Right now, he has to get in the armor and plan with Steve how to get both of them out of the cave.
“It’s the void. While you don’t perceive it as part of the Soul Keeper’s curse, once his vision is cut off, you see it.” Tony gestures to the strange world surrounding them. “Getting lost in the muck of the universe isn’t hard to do. More often than not, we got lost. Took every little bit of magic that Frigga had to guide us back here.” Tony points behind him to the cottage.
Steve stands up and wraps an arm around Bucky’s shoulder. “You know Sam has it over me ten times over when it comes to flying. He’ll do you good, and he’ll bust your chomps if you dump him for me anyhow.”
“Yes, but I cannot prove it. And it must be proven to be known,” Frigga states as if any of this makes sense.
He started away, but Steve hurried to his feet and asked, “What? What does that mean?”
“You’re interested?” Natasha said. Her eyes were motes of contemplation.
He depends on Pepper and Rhodey to ground him, but Steve – Steve transforms him. Maybe it frightens him, maybe that’s why he shies away from the possibilities. The potential to change, to become something, someone different scares him. Over the past year transformation became his mantra. He’s Iron Man. He directed the change of his company. Now he has his dream – Blu and Steve Rogers –waiting for him. When he thinks of home, he thinks of Steve.
She freed his hand, but she stroked it once. “You did a wonderful thing for him. Your sacrifice changed him. If you hadn’t, he’d be condemned.”
A guard hurried to meet them. Tony frowned as Pepper parked. Maybe he should have called in re-enforcements? Maybe Rhodey should have accompanied them. Happy drove the large van to a stop next to their SUV. As the guard greeted them, Tony fingered his iron man bracelets like a security blanket. The armor wasn’t far and he peered back at the van.  Pepper eyed him, her gaze following his nervous fingers. Scowling he dropped his hands and gave a fake smile to the man awaiting his response.
In all his years, Tony’s never been one to be called supportive or empathetic. His early life bred that out of him. But now, he aches with it and wants to know why he’s not allowed, with all his power and influence, to help. What good is money if he can’t help?
“Are you so sure?” she asked. “You know, the pack is growing. Steve has Bruce, Peggy Carter, and myself.”
“What if I told you I might be able to give you your natural sight back?” Strange says and waits for Tony’s reaction.
“Are you sure you’re fine?”
With a steady hand on his legs, Tony stops him. “If you think this is good, wait until you feel it when I move.”
Brother – that would make the man she spoke to the king, T’Challa. T’Challa winked at his sister and then bowed his head. “I bow to your most excellent intellect.”
Steve rolls his eyes and says, “I don’t know fuck in Farsi. You’re going to have to come up with something else.”
“Most probably. But it may take many months or years.”
“I think you’re being a smart aleck. How the hell is a lion sassy?” Tony smiles. He drifts off to sleep with the thought that he’s going to make it out of cave and he’s going to take his friends with him.
“So soul pack, huh?”
“We should be able to manage.” He looks over at Blu who is still eating. “Do you have air clearances?”
Steve crunched up his face as if Tony might be preparing to stab him. “Okay.”
Tony is still dealing with the memories of his mother's death. It isn't that easy to get over.
Even as Steve ordered him away, Tony felt his fangs grow with hunger. Shamefaced, he raced away to his workshop and spent the next few hours going over the specs for the new energy source he invented for Stark Industries. While Pepper funneled money to him, he shuffled new inventions to the company to keep it solvent and healthy. She patented all of them under her name and Stark Industries. Working on the reactor didn’t help him stay away from his own mind. It circled back to his hunger. Usually when he had a normal feeding – which was less than a pint of blood – he could go for a week or more without feeding again. He’d already had much more than that and his belly ached for it. Anytime he thought of Steve, his feeding glands salivated, and his fangs grew prominent in his mouth. What the hell was wrong with him? He took to raiding Bruce’s stash of pig’s blood and downed a few pints. It sickened him, but he managed to keep it down. He snuck it after Steve discovered him drinking a mug of it in his workshop in the middle of the night. Steve looked betrayed, but said nothing, so after that Tony made sure Steve never saw the mugs of animal blood again. Thankfully, Steve excused himself and went back to bed where he belonged.
Steve Rogers was damaged.
“Well, that doesn’t leave anything to worry about, does it?” Steve shoots back and Clint claps him on the back.
“I don’t have a dog.” Tony attempts to relax his face, show an easy demeanor. Facing Steve – his boyfriend – might be a little like walking up the steps to the guillotine.
Natasha bit back her words by chewing her bottom lip. She relented. “Do as you want but know this: if he shows even an inkling of betraying us for his own kind-.”
They came at night, they came during the day. They came always. They surrounded and overwhelmed. They became every moment of every breath taken. They were life and death and the hell in between.
“And a soul pack is?” Steve asked again.
There’s a flash and Steve jerks to see the Everhart is trying to barrel through the parade of guards. Tony only smiles and then Pepper says, “We have to go. It’s time.”
“A little.”
“It’s something Bruce and I cooked up – it’ll help.”
All the anguish floods out of Steve no matter how hard he tries to sequester it. His shoulders shake with the sobs that rack his body. Even as he vows to find Bucky, Steve realizes – down deep – that what little hope there might be fades with each breath. Bucky is lost and there’s no coming back from it. Steve squeezes his eyes shut but tears escape. He hangs onto Tony as if he clings to the side of a cliff, ready to fall into an abyss. He body shivers against a cold that’s not there, only housed in his soul, in his heart.
“Wow, big words-.”
“Chance,” Steve said and went back to the bathroom. He yelled back to Tony. “And you’re avoiding the subject.”
“It will be delivered momentarily, sir.”
“It is 3 in the morning, Station time.”
After the alpha sits on the bed next to him. They haven’t cuddled. Steve’s been whipped, paddled, controlled, but there’s been no warmth to their interactions. Yet, the alpha still looks on him with kind eyes.
“What was happening?” Tony’s voice is low, measured, controlled.
There’s no time.
“Trying,” Steve heard himself say in the distance. He mumbled a curse and then listened to the faded memory of his mother telling him to always get up, always stand up.  With that conviction echoing in his head, Steve climbed to his feet, shrugged off an insistent Tony, and started down the stairs.
“I’m not talking about physical training,” Steve said. He looked at Tony and then scanned the rest of the team. “We’re a soul pack and we need to start acting like it. Tony has been able to manipulate the astral energies and I think we could do more of it. If we practice.”
“Maybe it is not. I always used it a compass. What would I do not to be within the rings of Hell. I don’t particularly believe in Hell. It is not my tradition, you see. But one must have a moral compass.”
“Time to face the music,” Tony says. No sense in delaying it. He needs to deal with it like a man. He can almost hear his father’s voice echoing in his head. He cringes and rinses the soap and shampoo away.
He thumbs it over his shoulder. “Empty rooms back there. I think we have to follow the main corridor and see where he’s leading us.”
Tony screws his face. “That’s not what I’m trying to do here, Steve.”
In that moment everything changed for Tony. He brought Steve to one of his hidden hang outs. Took care of him. Nursed him back to some mental health. Now, Steve Rogers, dedicated his life to Tony and to transforming how the V-Corps dealt with vampires. The promise of fresh blood and a human who protected him drove Tony to near madness at times. Natasha had warned him against getting too involved in his mate, but that was an impossible piece of advice to follow. Steve Rogers was the absent sun of Tony’s days. To his detriment he’d do anything for Steve. They’d interwoven their lives and Natasha only shook her head at him. While he might never admit to Steve how very important he was beyond the physical, Tony knew the truth of the matter in his stone cold heart. Every interaction, every time he touched Steve it felt like the sun warmed him. Even now, as he drank, Tony embraced Steve as if it might be the last time.
Steven shifts his gaze to Tony for a second and there’s a fleeting expression – one of disdain mixed with regret. “As I said we’ll do it together.”
Steve watches the bubbles around him, slowly dissolving into the water. He knows looking up at Tony will end him, so he keeps his focus on the foamy bubbles. “For a long time, I had myself and no one else to look out for me. Bucky left for the war, I couldn’t depend on Peggy and Mike, because they had the orphaned kids to worry about. I’m an adult, I had to do it on my own. It was just me, Tony. I took care of myself and I learned that people can be pricks, no matter what. They use and abuse you and you have to learn how to stand up regardless of how many times they knock you down.”
Those moments, those careful moments in the Omega holding center on Nod, come back to him. What was he thinking? Everything’s changed now. He slams the glass down, picks up the bottle, and then marches across the room. With a quick wave in front of the door, it opens for him and he enters. He fully expected Steven to be in his own room, readying for bed. Instead, he finds his omega waiting for him. Tony stops dead in his tracks, nearly dropping the bottle as he focuses on Steven. Naked and waiting for his punishment.
“Did he say why? I mean why would he leave.” The last Tony really talked to Steve, he’d been upset, but not at Steve. It had been about the failure of the implant and how he would have to do exactly what he’s doing now.
“Whoever said that?” Tony manages but the effort drains him, and he collapses back onto the gurney. “Always risk.”
“Both. I want you to walk around in the grass and I want you to make fists with your toes. It will relax the tension you’re holding.” Steve gets to his feet and offers Tony a hand. Tony refuses to move, Steve sighs and rolls his eyes. “Come on now.”
“No. Not anymore. The war has been going on for nearly a decade. I can’t remember the last time I went home.”
Blu only squints his eyes like he’s laughing with a secret he’s not sharing with Tony.
It took minutes for him to come down from the ecstasy that filled him. Steve remained in a moment of expectation and thrill, though. Tony moved off his cock, and then laid him down and watched him. His eyes rolled back, but slightly lidded. His mouth open in a silent cry of bliss, his cock rigid and straight, the slit open wide, aching for release. With a brush of his nail against it, Tony smiled and bent over it. He flicked it with his tongue and then with the slightest touch of his teeth to cause a small yet painful slice, released the cure into his blood stream. Steve jerked in final conclusion of his climax and Tony’s mouth filled with semen. Steve cried out and then wept as his orgasm rode over him, demolishing him.
Tony points at Bruce. “There’s that word again.”
“Not right now, you don’t,” Stark says and seems to have abruptly forgotten and forgiven Steve for the reference to the war and his activities during it. He knocks Banner in the elbow. “Come on, let’s go and see if they have anything good to eat at the saloon. I’m starved.”
“God, this is getting worse,” Tony said and for a second the nausea swelled until he clamped down on it, and drank the horrible coffee, coughing a bit.  He refused to believe it was his brain causing this, but at the same time, Tony could not continue in this state. He needed it to stop. “How do I stop it? How does anyone ever get out of this?” The racket of thoughts banged around in his head, not like a pinball game but more like the clash and collide of a landslide. “I never got the impression anyone had this type of problem.” He spent time with Bruce; they worked together in the lab. Although Bruce never spoke of the soul pack, Tony supposed it was out of some weird respect either for the integrity of the soul pack or understanding that Tony wasn’t a part of it.
“No.” Tony readies himself. This is the hard part. Only a few people in his whole life have ever known. Pepper. Rhodey, Happy, Jarvis, and of course his doctors. Some other people who have been paid handsomely for their silence. “I’m blind.”
“Do you mind? Do you mind if I clean up? I need to change my medical patches.” He just wants a warm shower and something to eat. His stomach growls as if the thought translates to action.
He went to get his phone but an electric shock zapped through him, originating at his temple. Steve grabbed at his helmet and ripped it off, tossing it aside with the still humming bike. “Nat!” He sent a sharp reprimand through the soul waves and a little giggle answered him.
Tapping the contraption, he finds one wire still not connected. He places it carefully and then solders it. He finds a matching head piece or top to the cylinder on the bench in the corner and then with a little finagling he’s able to fuse the bottom and top together. It warms in his hands and immediately begins to glow. It surprises him enough that he very nearly drops it.
“Not as intimidating as the shell around you,” Tony said as he tapped the halo around the cluster of stars in the center. “From how it works and how I felt it in London – this is me. I’m the armor around you.”
It’s surprises Tony that Steve could ever be shy. He places the drawings back on the table and turns his full attention to Steve. Sliding his hands against his well defined chest then upward to the nape of his neck. He leans in and presses his mouth to Steve’s. It’s liquid like the finest bourbon, hot and enticing at the same time. It incites something deep inside of him, his groin heats and coils with want. He’ll do whatever Steve wants or if he wants nothing at all, that’s what he’ll do.
The diagrams were rudimentary, but Tony knew enough about the double helix of DNA that he recognized the ladder of the bases. He also knew that the double helix wasn’t discovered until the early 50s, Erskine wouldn’t have known, unless he was way before his time in his thinking. “Maybe he designed it to be inside a person’s genes. Like integrate somehow. How would he do that?”
“Steve,” Tony murmured but it was a half-hearted attempt. The heat of Steve’s body against his stone cold skin enveloped him and lulled him into compliancy.  “Not fair. You know I can never say no to you.” Tony snuggled closer soaking in the warmth and the throb of life around him. He couldn’t speak for other vampires, but he loved the touch of life, was dependent on it. He brushed his face against Steve’s chest, listening to the thrum of his heart and he knew he couldn’t stop, that he needed it more than the preternatural awareness that enlightened and startled him every damned day.
Tony shakes his head. “Filled with viruses to hack into my company’s computer intranet. No thank you.”
“Steve, talk to me?”
“This Realm protects all the souls of the dead.” He points his heavy sword at the heart of the Red Knight. “Only you, the Red Knight, poison the Realm. Turning good souls into beasts.”
Steve sighed. “It’s been -.” He stopped and then slowly pulled his hand away to fold them together. “It’s been difficult for a while.”
“I’ll do no such thing,” Steve hisses. “I’m not ashamed of who I am.”
She eases away and he locks the reactor in place. He should think about a personalized mechanism so no one can just yank the thing out. It will be on the next upgrade.
Sam raised his hand. “I’ll contact Clint ask him to bring the twins back.”
Steve performs all the time in his role as a sex worker. It’s what he does. He’s like a robot. But no, this isn’t like that at all. His body takes over his mind and he transforms into a rutting animal in need of a good fuck. He’s not sure Tony’s fingers are going to be enough for him and he makes little whimpering noises.
“To free ourselves we need to take down the Soul Keeper.” Steve doesn’t expect an answer. He knows the truth – that he died an old man after long years spent in another timeline only to be reborn to fight again. To set things right in the afterlife.
Christ what was he going to do with a monster?
“Yeah, your wing man-.” Steve stopped and shook his head. “No. There’s no way he could have been a vampire.”
“Which Star Wars?” Tony flips through the laminated pages of the binder to find the television instructions. He doesn’t need them, but it gives him something to do other than think of Steve’s pecs.
As he called out, the harmonics of the soul pack juddered. “Thor, guidance, now!”
He dropped the papers and marched off. He went to his penthouse apartment and went directly to his bedroom, but he stopped at the doorway. The bed was still rumpled from the night before – the staff hadn’t had a chance to straighten it up yet. A lingering scent of musk hung in the air and the reality of his dream wrapped around him. But it wasn’t real, not at all.
“Just minor, but since Bruce was named the Healer of the pack, we always have to go to him to get check out. Otherwise, well, you know what happens when Bruce gets angry,” Steve said and a lingering little joke hung in the air. Since when did tight pants laugh about Bruce and his problem?
Vision nods. “Will you be with us for long, sir?”
Marines hate being assigned to the Hammer ships,” Tony says and they take the ladder up to the gantry that leads to the shuttle.
The same thoughts rolled around in his head all the way through the drive. He felt like a pot of water endlessly boiling but with no way to release the pent-up steam. By the time he drove up the gravel pathway to the safe house, the warning about the traps had all but disappeared from his mind. It ended up being a good thing that he wore the helmet considering a projectile smashed into his temple and nearly knocked him off his feet. The bike slipped out from under him and skidded off into the woods, tangling its tires in the underbrush. He swore and stood up only to have a laser cross grid light up around him.
“Absolutely.”
“No, I mean the man I care about. You’re wilting away,” Pepper says and places the tablet down on his workbench. “What’s going on? Since you came back – no since before you went to Afghanistan something was wrong. When you had the broken nose and came back to California from New York, what happened then?”
Steve doesn’t answer right away and the time it takes stretches out. It spreads out before him like the stars they watched in the sky over the island, a vast darkness with hope speckled through it. He clears his throat and Tony squishes the fry.
Steve turns and smiles. The light from the windows falls over Tony like a halo. “Somethings we do as a team, somethings are best left private.” He pauses and reaches out his hand. They’ve barely touched, what they have is so intimate it’s hard to think about touching. Tony clasps it and the feedback spark between them intensifies the sensation. “Do you think it will last?”
“Okay,” Steve says and puts down the sketchpad. He goes to the nightstand and logs into the computer. As he works, he adds, “I wanted to tell you, Tony, I’m sorry about what happened.”
Tony tilts his head and considers him. “It must have been lonely.”
“It’s all we can ask,” Steve said in his Captain America voice even though he was in civilian clothes. “Thank you, officer. Would you mind if I retrieved my luggage from the wreckage?”
Before Steve stammers out a reply, Tony jumps in. “Oh, you know, Pepper is a wonder and found him through a diligent and exhaustive search.”
“What the hell are you talking about? You could have come to me, you could have gone to him!” Tony clanked the chains around his wrists. “Are you looking for absolution? Are you looking for me to tell you it’s okay that you did this?”
“Tony? Tony!”
“Nat, I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Steve said.
He breaks that promise.
“Yes,” Steve says because he cannot lie, not now, what’s the point?
She smiled then and said, "You look like you're in love, Tony."
“Why? Did they design the bowl like that for the game?”
He’s a broken toy soldier whose lost his way and needs someone to anchor him. Even as a soldier in the war that defined a century, Steve knew he was a fraud, a fake. He knew he was a small man without any physical strength hiding inside a muscle suit made to order by the United States’ war machine. When he woke up decades later in a new century, Steve found himself lost without his tether to that old world. That old world that told him who to be and what to be. This world, his new world gave him the choices. Told him it was okay to be and to love who he wanted. None of it made any sense.
He met her gaze. For the longest time since she entered his life he could only manage words like “inscrutable” and “powerful” to describe her. Now, as she clasped his hand, different images of her came to mind. Softer images. Visualizations of her speaking in low tender tones, wise and gentle filtered through to him. He knew those were not his memories and it scared the hell out of him that these people – these strangers – had access to his mind. His most private thoughts were no longer his own. He shivered like a cold breeze hit him. He wanted to tug his hand away, rush off from the hospital, get back in his armor, and leave. Escape. The idea they were in his head, rummaging around, plucking at his thoughts, his hopes, his desperation, his nightmares roiled him until the noise around him, the chaos around him avalanched over him. He put his hands over his face, trying to block them out. He needed safety, away from this- away from all of them.
“Could use some help here!” Clint called from an access hallway.
“We can speak with that member as well-.” Strange said but stopped when Fury sliced the air with his hand. “When you think it is appropriate.”
“What happened?” Tony says and tries not to hear the roar of his heart in his ears.
Getting to Fury’s squirrel hole out in the middle of nowhere ended up with Steve, Natasha, and Sam huddled together as they worked out their plans. Hill and Fury were also coordinating. Steve managed to get his soul to settle to a degree, but nothing felt right. His fingers were numb, his taste on his tongue prickled like barbed metal. His astral projection skewed. He wasn’t surprised when Natasha tried to tease out of him what was bothering him.
“No. It’s rejecting- it’s not working,” Tony says and waits – and waits as Barnes breathes over the phone. “You know.”
Steve Rogers, Captain America, is a sex worker in 2008 New York City.
“Still fools. You fight against the way of the world. Vampires are always with us. They are humans just like us-.”
“No!” the young woman screamed and then her brother whizzed toward Tony in a blur of white and blue. He knocked Tony off balance as Bucky aimed the rifle not at the Hydra guards pursuing them, but at Tony’s head.
“It’s over with Tony,” he answers and every syllable hurts. “It’s been over for a while, since the gland thing.” He doesn’t want to speak of it. He wants to leave and leave now.
“Tell me this,” Tony asks. “How much danger are we looking at from a Collapsing Event?”
“We’re bonded, it’s rare.” Steve says in a low voice. He’s drunk with the pulsation of the bond, the touch of Tony, the warmth of pleasure washing through him. He should deny it, not allow it to grow, let it wither and die. Yet, the torment of his months in captivity, the pain and torture, through it, he hungered for more. He recognizes that part of him had called out through the bond, asked Tony for help. He’d connected, and now he does not want it to end.
Tony scrambles to the fallen man, searches around his pants that are tangling his legs. He finds a key ring and brings it over to Steve. With a quick release, Steve’s free. He rubs at his wrists and slowly gets his pants back on.
“The ocean, the waters, your care have done wonders,” Steve replies. He doesn’t need to say more, he hopes, because he cannot. The words are choked in his throat.
“Let’s go.”
“In the dream, yes,” Steve said and there was a slight tilt to the tone of his voice, but Tony couldn’t let the moment get lost as he analyzed it.
Steve pretends to think about it, and then beckons Tony to lean down. He whispers in his ear, “Take a day off this week. Spend the whole day with me. I’ll do anything you want, if you only do this for me.”
“Exactly. I need you to find out what his plans – his real plans are for the prince.” Steve runs a hand through his already messy hair. It’s been one hell of a day already. By the way his empty stomach feels, he knows it’s way past dinner time.
"He dies. He dies."
“Not at all,” Tony says and it’s his turn to explore, to venture down the length of Steve’s body.
“I’ll have Wanda make her chicken noodle soup. She’s already prepping dough for fresh bread.” Vision leaves them.
The prince skips through the scattered parts and pieces on the floor. “I promise the whole place isn’t this bad. I just haven’t used the workshop since we had the second assassination attempt.”
“Like I said, the loss of Peggy is more than the loss of our Guide. She was Steve’s last connection to the other life he had – if you don’t count Barnes.”
“It sounds like you admire him,” Pepper says, and her voice is kind and quiet.
“This is the one and only station I’ve ever been on Tony and no, I don’t get a lot of time off to hang out at the sporting events.” He softens his tone as he adds, “Besides, I don’t much like space travel. I like my feet on solid ground.”
“It’s not that. It is, but it isn’t,” Tony says. “I don’t think I can’t explain it, but the seizure. It felt like the air around him – it crackled? I don’t know. Maybe I’m making this up now when I think back on it.”
“Cho segmented that part of your memories and blocked them. You don’t want to remember them; he did things to you. He used you Steve. I don’t want you to remember them because he did them with my face.”
“You don’t fucking touch him or his family!” Steve shouted at Ross as he tried to manipulate the shackles even as they tightened and constricted around his wrists and ankles.
“I grew up poor, but my friend always said I had a lot of spunk -.” Tony had coughed up his wine as Steven spoke. “What?”
“Bruce came back. He’s concerned for your friend,” Tony says and looks to the staircase. “Says it doesn’t look good.” He digs something out of his pocket. It’s a small bottle. “It’ll help your friend, it’s for the pain.”
“The outer rim might be more difficult to discern than when we get closer in, but I suspect I’ll recognize it,” Tony assures him, but keeps mum about what exactly that means.
“Well, like I said, there’s no better reason than Captain America asking-.”
“And now you’ve done it,” Tony remarked. “Now you’ve really changed things haven’t you.”
Eventually the drug takes him away, and Steve relaxes, not asking Bruce what the dose was, not asking Bruce how dangerous it is to have him in this state. Finally, he’s able to stand up and leave Bucky’s side though Bruce follows him out of the room.
“Okay, okay. Truce. Maybe you were just having a little fun.” That seems to set the lion into a little prance around Tony, egging him on to play. “I don’t know how to play with a big cat. If I had a laser pointer-.” He stares at his gauntleted hand. “How about this one, big guy?” He rigs up the gauntlet to the arc reactor again and then powers down the juice. “You stay there.” He studies the framework of the hillside and sees a spot not far up that he can easily climb. Hustling, he clambers without any grace up the hill and then takes a few torturous breathes. He should rest, but Blu is standing there waiting for him.
Tony shrugged as he went to put the dishes in the sink. “Like I said, it’s math to me. I just kind of follow it to its natural conclusion.”
“Well, then you get it.”
It shot into the forest, setting leaves on fire. Bucky jumped to yank Steve away as the unibeam blasted like a cannon again. It struck Bucky’s metal arm causing him to crumple to the wet ground. Steve followed him, catching him as he murmured out a gasp of pain. A sense of nausea and vertigo came over Steve as he smelt the burnt flesh and charred metal. Thor and Natasha appeared as Clint hopped down from his perch. The Iron Man armor finally went dead, and Tony yelled for someone to help him get the damned thing off him. Thor easily ripped the faceplate and chestplate away. It was enough that Tony switched the manual release and the rest of the suit collapsed.
“Wh-what?” Steve asked and then his body shuddered as if the air froze. “What are you saying?”
“I must admit, I did not treat him kindly at first. I was short with him. I may have threatened him a time or two.” This surprises Tony and he smiles at the ridiculousness of his old butler intimidating a big American hero soldier type. Jarvis’ voice softens, “But then I saw how dedicated he was. How he tried to understand your situation, how he listened to you and learned. He spent hours watching information on the internet about visually impaired people and how to assist them. He spent hours when you were either in your workshop or sleeping studying so he could help you with your work.”
“Ah. I suppose that might place this time-,” Tony says. “Shit. My backpack.”
“All is clear except for the anomaly, sir.”
He saw a streak of red and gold as Iron Man darted through the sky into the wooded area near the creek. Streaks of energy jumped through the air and he smelled the distinct odor of ozone telling him that the fighting had begun in earnest. He rushed to the creek to find at least a half dozen Legion robots were turned toward the sky, targeting Thor, Iron Man, and Falcon. With a swing he threw his shield in an arc that crashed through two of the Legion and knocked another one to the ground.
“Glad to have you back, Jedi,” Clint says and clasps his hand. “You’re going to be fine now.”
Tony nods to Bruce. “It seems so. If I can program nanites to recognize the different particles and then differentiate between the two, maybe just maybe they’ll untangle.”
“Yes.” JARVIS displays the image of a man in his mid-50s with startling white hair and a eyes like daggers. He’s obviously fit from the glimpse of muscles on his forearm, but his robes hide the rest of him. In his right hand he cradles a semi-automatic, in his left the head of a tiger.
“I’m sorry, but what are you looking for?” One prim lady asks as he sorts through the clothes on the rack.
At that admission, Tony slips his arm around Steve’s waist and brings him closer. He clasps his other hand and gazes at him as if he’s the only human being in the universe. “Let’s see exactly what that means, shall we?”
“You were telling me how you were reporting Howard to Erskine.”
“Yeah,” Steve said as he went to the door to scoop up some snow with the kettle. “Me too. Been having very vivid dreams.” He hadn’t meant to admit that part, but it felt good to finally say it out loud to Tony. He opened the cabin door and peered around, trying to get his bearings, but the forest speckled with snow and ice isolated them from everything and everyone else. He used the kettle to shove the snow directly into it. He shut the door with Tony hovering close behind him.
Steve smiles as he glances over at the former director of SHIELD. Most of his close friends and confidants still think of him as Captain. He doesn’t correct them because he clings to the designation as well.
“On the bed,” Steve says, his voice stronger, more commanding than he feels. Tony follows the order like Steve is a Captain and Tony is his teammate.
As they entered the building, the abrupt change in lighting made Tony blink away the after images. He looked around the empty lobby. A large free standing sculpture of the Stark Industries logo stood in the center. It threw weird shadows around the marble entrance way. Tony frowned as he studied it.
“Tony Stark! Tony! Can you tell the world why you want to do this? Is this just another phase of you not accepting being blind?”
“If it were only that.” Steven studies him. He licks his lips as if tasting the words before he answers, “Perhaps I have wished for better. There is nothing in our biology that says I am less than you are.”
“You could try the clinical trial I mentioned.”
Steve feels the pain bleeding out of Tony, the same way he felt the moments right before Tony’s death on Earth. It takes his breath away. “I promise I’m coming back.”
That’s all it takes, and Tony wraps his callused hand around Steve’s cock and pulls, stroking it in time with his punishing thrusts. Steve’s not sure what noises come out of him, but he’s crazy for it, crazy to finish. He arches into Tony’s strokes and his breathing hitches, his toes curl.
“He was my alpha. I loved him as my lord,” Steven replies.
“Yeah I would think so. You walk into a meeting with Ross, just by the smell of you he’d know what you’ve been up to,” Tony said and didn’t move off the bed to follow Steve into the small bathroom across the hallway. He yelled to Steve, “How do you think it works?”
“No, I think I’d like to go in. Maybe get something to eat?” Steve says and he’s grateful to have Tony here, someone to take care of him. Though he must admit, he feels ashamed to have to ask for the help, to beg for food and water as a prisoner is one thing, to have someone – someone like Tony – offer to take care of him. He’s overwhelmed and a rush of fierce pleasure and adoration for Tony spreads through him. It’s so strong that he involuntarily spreads out his wings and sighs.
They headed toward the room assigned to Steve. “Be careful what you ask for,” Clint muttered and Tony almost barked out a reply but just as he stared the guard in front of Steve’s room shifted into their path.
Steve looks down at himself and then back up at Tony. His face is hard but also ashamed. “I don’t need new clothes.”
Jamison cocks a brow at him. “Listen, Tony, I might be an alpha but I’m not a prime, nor am I a dom. I don’t have the same stake in the game that you do. My needs are satisfied with a drone if need be. You need a warrior. You need the sub-omega. He’s it. That’s good for you. I’m not going to judge.”
“Didn’t they have them in the 40s?”
“You wish because you want to go back to the 40s?” Tony said as he peered up at Steve.
“I knew your father.”
His partner disrobed and settled on the cushions. He had looked closed off, beaten and bruised both mentally and physically. His body was riddled with injuries as if he had been in a gang fight. He had looked up at Tony and said, “What are you waiting for? Just do it.”
Steve ended up in the lavish hotel room with its tall columns and marble tiled bathroom. Once he sat on the bed and Tony left him, Steve slumped down and fell to stare at the ceiling. Most of the time he managed his dissociation – managed might be a strong word for it. He admitted to himself it was more like ignoring it, pushing himself, keeping busy so he wouldn’t have to face the fact that his whole world changed in a blink of an eye. Sometimes only those moments before he crashed the Valkyrie into the ocean were real to him.  He laid on the bed and closed his eyes, remembering those moments of
“Oh and now I get the look,” Tony says and shakes his head. “When Natasha called me, I thought – great, I can get some semblance of a team together again. And then she told me what you did. What you did. For fuck’s sake, why did you do this?” He crumples the letter. “I don’t care what the letter says. I don’t give a fuck. Why?”
After a few seconds’ pause, he does. He walks to the door of the office, opens it and allows Tony to pass through first.  Pepper instantly stops him. “That’s wrong. You need to do this the right way. If someone is blocking the door, Tony will bump right into them.”
Sam adjusted the table and picked up the phone. He put on some soft jazz and then said, “Sleep well, Steve.”
“Tell me about it?” Tony places the panels down and Steve orders them.
He walks over to his set of tools, looking for his forceps. He sorts through the toolset, picks out the forceps and wishes he had some disinfectant. Blu follows him sitting down and waiting as Tony organizes what he might need. The tools are sparse, but it will have to do. Blu holds up his paw first. The burrs are stuck between the toes of his foot.
“I never said he has cancer!” Bruce spits back. He shakes as he fists his hands. “Don’t test me. I said we need to check his head. That’s all. I’m checking the serum every hour to see if there’s any change in the activity.” He blows air out of his nostrils. “I gotta go.” He marches off, not looking back at Tony.
“Oh yeah? Why would you do that?”
Steve wants to interrogate it on what that means but Tony plows ahead. “Go on, give us your best shot.”
A trio of black SUVs arrive on the tarmac. Steve rolls his eyes at the cliché. They’ll take him into custody and grill him for information. What? Steve almost chuckles. He doesn’t know a whole helluva lot. But this is Ross’ game and Steve’s become a dancing monkey again. Steve glances at Tony, wondering if he’s not a dancing monkey anymore but a marionette with Tony as the puppeteer. Steve frowns. He never thought so negatively of Tony in all his days, not when they were fighting, not even during their battle in Siberia. But the rage had overtaken him then and he must come clean with himself. The warrior rage nearly sacrificed his life and Tony’s to a primal nature inside himself.
“Sorry, I’m sorry,” Pepper says and dunks the wire back in as if to stop.
When Steve finally emerged like a deep sea diver breaking the surface, he embraced Tony without a word. Tears stained his cheeks, and when Tony saw it, he realized tears wet his own face. To have Steve surrender to him, to have Steve be grateful for it, to have Steve at his mercy so willingly beat every doubt and fear out of his head. For years he had thought his Dominant nature a liability, problem, a weakness. But yet, within the sphere of his relationship with Steve, Tony discovered the strength, power, and humility of it.
“Oh!” Bruce put up a finger and hurried back to the lounge, only to bring back the bundle of papers with the print out on soul packs. “Here you go.”
“We get so little time to be together.” Steve nuzzled into Tony’s hair, kissing the crown of his head. “I know that vampire covens don’t support the idea of love with Mated Pairs. I get that. I understand why.” He shuddered around Tony. “But when everything happened with Ross and Pierce, all I could think of was you. What if they got to you, what would I do? I couldn’t stand to think of you gone or mutilated.”
“Come Tony. Here, I have something for you.” Ana reached into her sewing bag, something she always brought on long trips. She handed Tony his lion toy, properly fixed and with a little red, white, and blue collar. The collar had a star as a clasp with the lion’s name etched on it.
“And you believe he made you to damn you because of who you chose to love?”
“How do you want me?”
It’s not going to happen. Not to him. Never.
“What some alien coming down to beat on India now?” Tony wasn’t stupid. He’d hacked into enough of SHIELD to know what went down in New Mexico.
Steve bends down. “I know. Tony, I know. You don’t have to worry about that. I trust you.”
Steve swallows down the impending panic attack. “As you said, Tony, I’m a prostitute. It’s what I do.”
“That’s not true,” Steve hisses. In some ways it’s like talking to his own conscience. That little niggling voice in the back of his head that murmurs fears and worries about truths he never wants to face. “I knew you, Buck. I know you. You’re a good man. You always were.”
“Your hot chocolate seems about right.”
Tony grips the bow and puts the quiver of arrows at his knee. All the constructs of the Barton family turn to watch, assessing Tony’s skill with a bow. This isn’t a necessary skill, especially since the gauntlet is on display. It’s obvious that Tony wanted the gauntlet shown to warn off Ultron. But what damage could he do in a virtual reality.
Steve stands, gazes down at Tony. “It maybe fake to you, but it’s never been to me.” He walks away without another word leaving Tony shaking and gasping for air. The man always takes his breath away.
“You’re positively domestic,” Tony remarks.
Strange considered them. “Well that means that you must bring the pack together to strengthen the bonds and to show him the way home – that the pack is his beacon, his center.”
The easing tones sweep over him and the tension that he holds in his back muscles releases. Part of him as a young omega wished that at the mating blocks he would be sought after, auctioned to a large alpha who would take over him, who would dominate him. He has to admit he hadn’t expected to be wanting this, but as the man works, Steve’s erection seeps and he groans.
Tony should deny it, should deny Steven. It isn’t who he is. He wants to be more, but the truth is he might not be able to be more. Look at Steven, defiant and angry, but still offering his fealty and loyalty. Still bound by the same damned rules of biology and thus society. Tony bites down, drinking. The gland bleeds a little of the elixir onto his tongue and he laps it. Steven hisses and shudders against him. As Tony drinks down the elixir he can feel himself grow hard with want. He shouldn’t do this, but the sight of his omega commanding the room is a heady thing. His omega punished and bloodied. He still commanded the room. He lifts his head and asks, “How strong are you?”
“Only because no one cares about what happens out in the Rims, still. It’s disgraceful.”
Standing up, he straightens his Commander’s uniform and says, “Doesn’t matter, he’s not part of my life now.”
Tony can’t help but stare at his Adam’s apple oscillating up and down in his throat. It’s prominent and, God help him, sexy as hell. He tears himself away from the sight, coughs, and says, “Kiss and tell. Tell me who it was? One of the secretaries in the pool. A nurse that bandaged your wounds.”
Fury gave him a one eyed glare that tried to beam its way into Steve’s resolve. It didn’t work. Instead, he gave up and simply shrugged. “Lots of things have changed, Cap.”
“This is your doing. I know you set it all up,” Tony replies. His irritation grows. This is one of the reasons he wanted to quit the team. In school he hated to be matched up with team members, it always meant he had to carry the load while they sat on their asses. That’s not to say that any of the Avenger members don’t carry their load, but they’re all type A personalities and that just doesn’t jive together. Literally when working with a team someone has to stand down. Unfortunately, that doesn’t happen with the Avengers.
After he finishes Tony squints into the sunshine. He needs to find a way out of here. If he can get the HUD to work, then he will be able to communicate with JARVIS. He looks down at the arc reactor, at some point last night he must have removed the wires connecting him to the gauntlet. He must have been exhausted not to remember anything, plus the sleeping with the man-eating lion. But that is not fair, he has no idea if Blu puts people on the menu.
“Ah, no. I can do that. You cooked. We should share duties.”
Tony shakes his head. He’s actually heard of Hank Pym and his wife, Jan. Jan ran in the same circles Tony did growing up. She was a renowned fashion designer with a head for advanced technology. It didn’t surprise him when they hooked up and started the tech company. Sure, she still dabbled in fashion design and her creations wowed Paris every few years, but her heart seemed to be tethered to high technology advancements.
Steve walked up the steps and into the small kitchenette. His hair was a mess and his uniform torn at the shoulder. He tugged off his jacket and went directly to Tony. “You should have called. I gave you a phone.” He eyed Natasha and then examined Tony as if he assessed a wayward child. Tony hated it. Sure, Natasha and Steve had decades on him, but the truth was Tony had been a genius and a billionaire in his day. Sure, not anymore, but still he commanded respect – once.
Hovering, Tony scans the area. “JARVIS, tell me something good.”
Exiting the car, Steve clenches Tony’s hand as Clint ushers them toward the steps of the clinic. Christine Everhart manages to get to the front of the pack. Her cameraman follows her with swift precision.
“Wh-what?”
“Stop hiding, Red Skull. I know it’s you.”
“You’re discovering. What – how old are you?” He put his hands up to halt Steve. “And don’t give me any of that 95 crap.”
Of course, when they asked the librarian with her large glasses and her – what Jarvis called – hippie hair, she brought them over to the little kid’s section. Tony screwed up his face at the sight of the picture books and tugged on Jarvis’ jacket.
After he checks at a kiosk to ensure transfer of his baggage to the Commando, he moves to find Pepper at the lounge. He’s lucky when the Honor Guard assigned to the small suite of rooms shows him into the main sitting area because Tony and Tiberius are absent. Pepper sits at one of the desk console and busies herself with work.
He blinks and his eyes water. “I shouldn’t be.” His throat is raw and burnt.
“Yeah. Good.” Tony hopes to hell he’s not trembling on the outside.
Steve mumbles a reply and when he looks at Tony he says, “I didn’t want you to see me like that. Why did you come? Why couldn’t you just leave well enough alone?”
For so long and for all his life, he’s been required to be the smartest person in the room. When a problem needs to be solved, all eyes turn to him. The burden rests squarely on his shoulders. The idea of sharing that burden sparks hope in his chest he can’t deny. It’s been so long that he’s relied only on himself. Even when the Avengers came together, Tony thought of them only as a momentary thing. He heaved that bomb onto his back and flew it in the hole in space because no one else could – or no. He couldn’t trust anyone else to do it. It had to be done right and he had to do it. He spent years in school and in his life learning that others couldn’t be counted on – now – counting on Steve, depending on him to be there for him along with the rest of the team still feels like a foreign concept. But he needs to accept it, get used to it. It feels like the right thing to do, he cannot deny it.
Steve shook his head, though he wanted it. He knew he did.
“Thought I’d help you undress,” Steve says and unties Tony’s left shoe and then his right shoe. Tony’s perfectly capable of disrobing on his own, but the idea of Steve peeling off his clothes, of touching him sets him on fire. Steve telegraphs every motion, every touch. It takes away none of the anticipation or thrill, only builds on it. He slips off each shoe and then runs his long fingers up Tony’s ankle to slide off each sock. In a slight surprise Steve kisses the inside of Tony’s ankles before rising to his feet and putting his hands on his shirt, unbuttoning it.
He tries to deny the ridiculous scenario when Stane puts a finger on Steve’s lips. “Oh don’t worry, don’t worry at all. Tony told me everything.” His fingers drift lower to cup Steve’s chin while his thumb plays along Steve’s lower lip. “He eased my fears about you, told me you’re from the Widow’s Brothel.” He smiles and bends closer, his breath hot on Steve’s face. “Maybe when this is all over, and I have some time, I can come and visit you too. Might be nice to have you under me, ass in the air, taking it all.” With his other hand, Stane adjusts the crotch of his pants. “You haven’t had a real cock until you have mine. I tip generously.”
“And?” Tony says and smiles at Pep. “Tell me, dear AI, who inherited their holdings?”
She had a large walking stick and it thumped on the tiled mosaic floor. “You are looking for peace, Captain. You will not find it here. You have done yourself a disservice. You have cut yourself off from the world. And the world needs you now more than ever.”
“Yes, I did. I betrayed my wife and children.” He stepped partially into the light. His face wrecked and his eyes red from tears. “You don’t know how it was after the wars with the vamps. How it tore apart families, how it ravaged countries. A country attacked is one on the defensive, always. Always. It never wants to let its guard down again.” He shook his head. “You could never understand. You don’t have family here. Only a vampire that you let drain you.”
The first time Steve thought he could guide Bucky through it and they would both be happier and saner on the other side. It had also been Steve’s first time – ever. The room they were locked in was small, functional, and windowless. It felt more like a cell or a crypt or a safe. Colonel Phillips had ordered MPs to put Bucky in solitary when he started to act strangely. It took a half dozen MPs and Steve to get him in the room. It took Steve another two days to convince Phillips that what Hydra and Zola had done to Bucky was transform him somehow from a beta to an alpha.
Like Peggy before Tony.
“Right no cream.” He’s not wearing the glasses and, for some reason that Steve thinks is incredibly rude, Steve can’t take his eyes off Tony’s eyes. The eyes are sightless but seeking. It’s the only way that Steve can describe it.
He puts him off until only an hour before the arrival of the Stark delegation. Natasha has flown the newly renovated Commando into its bay. She’ll be escorting some of the ships with delegates on board as they make their way to the new Heli-carrier, the Lemurian Star.
“It was. You were there, you anchored me, you drew me out – to be myself,” he murmurs. It’s getting darker in the room and Tony never commanded JARVIS to turn on the lights. Tony can barely see Steve as he speaks. “It was like a thousand years a drift in a sea of stars, except I kept trying to hold onto life, yet I never could. I was able to act and move and be Bl-Blu as you call my avatar, but I always felt as if I was only an observer in a body not my own.” He laughs but it’s sound that originates from self-mocking rather than joy. “Strange, you know, I’m not really even used to this body. Been a lion most of my life.” His words fade out into a solitary sound, tuned to a silent kind of weeping.
“This is amazing.”
From Steve’s perspective a short distance away, Sam looked as if he had been slumbering like Ichabod Crane waiting to be awakened from a long afternoon nap. Sam smiled as he woke and then furrowed his brows as his foreign surroundings came into focus.
Fury eyes him and flaps his one wing. He picks up the dossier. It is a clear rectangle about the size of a sheet of music. “This is it. Get him to change his ways and all will be forgiven.”
Steve chuckles a little after he puts the coffee mug down. “No, not really. Peggy, she was the gal who helped me out during my time.” He pauses and then pushes past it. “She wasn’t really ever my girl, though I think we kind of danced around it a lot. I got like two left feet or something.”
Tony stands. “Tell me you don’t sense something off about him with the Asgardians. No one dislikes Thor, no one.”
Tony falls down onto the couch again. During the story, he had paced the entire workshop. “Yes. He said it had tremendous power. Made some weird ass weapons for the Nazis and Red Skull. Could disintegrate people.”
He rolled his shoulders and asked, “The tracker in my suit… How long has it been there, and do they know about the safe houses?” Steve was certain he’d never worn the suit to the safe houses.  There had been no need for rural Pennsylvania or New York or Quebec to know that Captain America was hanging about the place.
He supposed half of his pent up anxiety centered on his own disgust or dislike of the idea that he might be attracted to Tony. Living with the possibility over the past few weeks wasn’t going to transform him instantly to a liberated gay man. But he had to admit that the idea of denying it felt more like pretending to be something he wasn’t. He had a lot of experience with that back in the day. How many times did he think he could take a bully down only to find himself face first in puddle in an alley way? He understood denial.
“We don’t know his story, we don’t know what happened.”
“Well, it’s true. How am I going to work the sympathy card with the gals when you’re the brave hero and wounded. It doesn’t look good, cowboy, it doesn’t look good.”
What does he have to get him through the nights? His mind falls back to Steve, the hooker. The man he thought he loved, the man playing a part who might just be Captain America but also some kind of clone. Tony doesn't know. He might never know. When the maniac with the metal arm came at him all those weeks ago, Tony's world shifted. It keeps doing that, shifting and changing and he fucking wants to get off this mad carnival ride. But the maniac beat him and Steve tried to stop it. He did. Along with Clint he stopped the beating but it didn't stop the fragmentation of everything that came before that moment. Steve didn't soothe and coddle Tony. Instead he picked a battered maniac off the floor and looked at Tony with blood shot eyes and tears on his face. He said, "It's best if you leave now."
“A coincidence. Haven’t you ever heard from them?” Tony says and pats Steve on the arm, hoping he’ll keep quiet until they get on the jet to California. “Where’s Happy with your clothes.”
He shook his head and didn’t want her sympathy. Not after what happened. This was his fault. He should have been able to reach Bucky even through the hazy of alpha fugue. “B-Bucky?”
“The go-kart?”
Tony pulled Steve’s arm out of her hands and held him tightly to his chest. “What the hell are you talking about? And where the hell were you? Where was Thor? Look at him! Look what happened to him!” The hell of the last day slammed into him and all he wanted to do was dispel the pain and horror. All he wanted to do was ravage this place. “Do you even fucking know what the hell happened to me?” He spat at her. “Get the fuck away from us.”
“Yeah. I didn’t. What the hell?” Steve raps at the table a few times.
“Shit.”
“Well, I’m here to be your blacksmith.”
“Yeah, same here. I drank. A lot. Was drunk for months, I think. A lot of it is just a smear of unrecorded time in my head. When I first went blind, I nearly went insane trying to figure out the passage of time. Drinking made me not care,” Tony says. “Rhodey and Happy intervened. I didn’t know Pepper at the time. I was lucky. They saved my life.”
At first, Steve reaches to pick up the bacon with his hand and then remembers himself. He grasps the fork, playing with it, then balancing it, until he finally grips it like a toddler.
“No,” Steve says and offers him the bowl of soup. “Eat.”
“You don’t think it’s just sexual? I mean I know I’m hot,” Tony said with a smirk on his lips. “And so are you, don’t get me wrong but-.” He stopped, and it was telling.
Logan shakes his head. “I’m sorry to tell you, bub, but the truth is he’s both. He’s in that reality and this one and it fucks us all up. And it seems like you might be in both too.”
Once he finished up, Steve folds the towel and places it to the side on the floor to make sure no one else uses it. Then he washes up and heads back to the main room. The prince stands at a small table next to the couch. The table is actually a cart rolled in with a variety of foods.
“Keep watch,” he says over the spatter of rain and ice.
“Might be stress.”
Tony stood there, stupid and mute for a good five minutes as she packed. Finally, reality smacked him in the head and he reacted. “What’s going on? I know it was bad tonight. But it does happen to one in fiv-.”
Steve beams and shakes his hand. “Good to meet you, Prince Anthony. Though I usually don’t, you know, sleep with older men.”
Tony deflated a degree and nodded. “Well, the coffee smells good.”
“Putting them in their place where they belong.” Tony straightens his suit jacket, readying to let the punches or something fly. Steve catches him, forcing him to stop.
“Should we test it?” Steve says, but as soon as he says it, he knows there’s no time.
Without a word, Steven stretched out comfortably next to him. Tony fit nicely against him. Steven wore a tunic and trousers while Tony wore his father’s robe only. After long minutes together, Steven said, “There used to be a psychological theory that abductees and victims often begin to feel trust and a sense of belonging and caring with their captors.”
“So a friend outed you?” Steve opens the dishwasher and rinses the plates. Maybe helping out in the kitchen will win him points with Jarvis.
Rolling his suitcase to the dock, Steve stops and stares with his mouth agape at the single huge ship berthed in the hull of Prime Station. It’s massive – bigger than the tallest building on the Brooklyn settlement. He swallows down his awe and picks up his shoulder bag as he rolls the suitcase toward the elevator.
He could have left him trussed up – had even considered it. He’d wanted to bind his hands behind his back and link that to bindings at his ankles. All the while making sure his collar was attached to the bedpost. Yet, Tony hadn’t done that at all. Instead he’d thrown some of the finest quilts to the floor and told the omega to sleep there. Nothing bound him. He was naked to be sure, but he wore Tony’s collar. It glittered in the morning light. Steven is rolled in the quilt, and curled onto one of the blankets. It’s amazing that he can make his body so small. Smiling, he considers Steven. He has to admit, his emotions soften anytime he thinks about his omega and he wonders at that. He shouldn’t be thinking of the omega so much as a friend or as a lover. They are companions to be sure, but they are warriors for a common cause of the Stark Family and his claim to the High Alpha Chair.
Stopping at the half bath, he washes his hands and then catches sight of himself in the mirror. He hasn’t showered in over a day and his hair style competes for best bed head. He really should take some time for personal hygiene, but when he enters the kitchen, he hears popcorn popping in the microwave and finds Steve kneading dough.
“We can find someone else to be the CEO. I can step back.” She chokes on the words, on her sobs. “I can be your personal assistant again. You don’t have to worry.”
“Yeah, the big ugly building in New York,” Tony said. “We have everything we need here, by the way. Even coffee. You want some?”
Even as they placed his body on the gurney, Tony stifled the tears threatening. How did it all come to this? His tortured body being used by these madman? He thought of Steve, wherever Steve was, how he promised to save him. His phantom body was useless in this state. Once the agents finished using his physical form, they would dispose of him and Tony’s spirit with it. He couldn’t even leave his body. Somehow he was tied to it, forever, until it was put out of its misery. He tried to concentrate on what he should do as they moved his body to the elevator and then through the corridors of the Triskelion. Tony realized they were on the laboratory floors. This is what they planned. Take out his glands and fangs – and then what? Allow him to drink pigs blood to heal? Is this how it was done? Weakened and lifeless, the animated corpse couldn’t fight off the attack.
Tony nods. “Thank you.” He crosses the library and goes to his bar. The bar is elaborate with wood and metal twisted together to form a more modern art piece with touches of the Stark emblem on it. Mixing a drink, he says, “Think I need a little liquid courage.”
Steve burst out laughing as they entered the barn. The stench might have impeded them, but as they climbed to the loft and found their way to the back of the barn and opened the door to the small room the smell wafted away. When they closed the door entirely the smell faded to only that of hay and raw wood. In the corner of the 8 foot by 10 foot room a small potbellied stove sat. Next to it several different bows were lined up on the wall. Opposite of the black stove, the threadbare blue couch with multiple slumped cushions sat. To the right side of the couch a window opened to the fresh air of the farm around them. No glass, but a sliding barn door to close over it, if they chose to use it.
“Why, why not?” Tony had said, his voice raising in anger.
He bowed his head. “I’m not so certain it’s as great a resource as we thought. It feels like an invasion sometimes.” He wondered if that also played into the fact that Tony never appeared at the hospital. The distance stretched the bond between them and now the rest of the pack teetered. The truth hurt. The soul pack wasn’t going away any time soon. He conceded Sam was right; he needed to do something about it.
“Hunting? Hunting? You never left for that long before. You just go off and don’t tell anyone where you’re going.” Tony hears his own words and stops. He expels a heavy breath. “Okay.” Pinching the bridge of his nose, he says, “Okay so maybe you can’t tell me, but you left and-.” He throws his hands out. “I was scared. Okay? I got the HUD from the suit fixed. I told you that’s the communication device. I contacted my people. They’re coming here tomorrow.”
“Don’t do this, Steve. You helped him.”
“Tony?” Steve peered in as if he was intruding.
“Oh,” Shuri said and then stepped away to check on one of the monitors. She tapped on her bracelet and then smiled at them. “The spiritual plane is something Wakanda has been studying for some time. It’s part of our King’s journey.”
“What? You’ve been holding out on me!” The idea of sleeping hits Steve like a brick. His shoulders sag and he blinks the sting out of his eyes. He’s desperate for sleep.
“You met Pepper and Jarvis. You’ll meet Happy and Rhodey as well. Yinsen’s gone, but I survived because of them. I owe them everything.”
Thor pushed the plate of eggs away. “You must come now. Our good Healer, Bruce, believes he is not stable. He needs your influence as both his friend and his pack leader.”
"Bucky, come on, now, it's Steve," he says and tries his best to be soothing but the wound is ugly, horrifying and Steve tries everything to hold back the bile and his dinner. Bucky pants and huffs in harsh exhalations through his nostrils. There's drool and blood dripping out of his mouth, staining the rag he’s biting between his teeth, again.
Without even pausing, Steve said, “Well you seemed to like it well enough in good old dream land.”
“I’d do it again in a minute, Steve, so stop,” Bucky says and then Natasha’s having a good old time with his shoulder again and he’s biting down hard enough to draw blood from his lips.
“No,” Steve chuckles but it doesn’t shift Tony’s mood at all. “Listen, I get that this is a pretty terrible situation. I get that, but we can work together, get out of here together. This is our chance, we can find out what their planning on using the missiles for. That’s valuable information. We could change the outcome here.”
During the flight, Pepper calls him. “Can you tell me why you took a company jet for your private use?”
Steve agreed.
The waterfall is grand but it isn’t the treat Steve thinks it should be. Knowing it’s fake takes away his awe and replaces it only with questions of the skillset of the programmer who invented it. “It’s nice.”
“Let’s go in,” Tony says, and he slams into the ground with a reverberating crunch.
Steve opened his eyes and stretched out his hand. “Come sit with me. Rest.”
“Yeah, yeah. Bruce Banner. I told you about him. He’s the one who did the studies with his class for me. Doctor of something or other? I think it’s biochemistry or bioengineering. I have a conference call with him, today.” Tony beams. “We’re so close, Steve! I know it’s going to work.”
“Thor’s with them. He’s actually pretty good at this Guide thing,” Clint said.  He pointed over his shoulder to the far ‘room’ of the large underground bunker.
The agent cocks a brow at him. “Gonna get used to it if you’re part of the Escort Services.”
“Are you in there?”
“It is generally believed that the 44th president and his wife were Beloved.  From evidence, it is clear that the FLOTUS was the leader and the president the Beloved. The pack members also included the vice president at the time, a well-known talk show host, and an actress. Other members are not known.”
“I never said it was Peggy,” Steve says and down his first beer in one long swig.
“You old son of a -.” Steve smiles and strokes the horse. “Stupid horse.” He kisses Shield’s nose. He takes the time to check over the mare and she stands still, waiting. She’s fine except of a few scrapes and a thin sheen of sweat on her coat.
Blu leans against him, a shudder runs through his big body.
Tony doesn’t face him but turns away, his eyes focused faraway. He only makes a non-committal sound and then claps his hands. “Off to go shopping. We have an event to go to today and I want also to get you something special for tonight. Our trip to the observatory.”
“This is different. Plus while we’re on the road to Mead, we’ll teach him the basics, the Soul Mantra, the transference of mind. Everything that we need.”
Clearing his throat, Steve says, “I’m an artist, that’s true. I also know a little bit about nursing since my Ma was a nurse on our settlement. I learned most of the art trade through the training-vid and interactives. I have a portfolio-.” He stops. That’s not what she wants to know about at all. “So, my Ma died. I needed to get away from the settlement. It was seriously in jeopardy of total collapse because of the war. No supplies, you know the story. So, I started to look for a new position.”
Just as he's about to turn the corner to slip inside, two huge guys come out of the building. Tony ducks to the side and waits. One of the men licks his lips and smiles as the other zips his fly.
Tony frowns and says, “Well, it will have to. Do you have my coordinates?”
“Let’s just say I have experience,” Natasha said, and she left it at that.
“The girl and her brother?” Tony repeated. His brain slogged through the information. He felt like there was mud up to his chest and he was trying to run. He scowled at Steve. “You’re going to have to give me more data than that.”
“Why?”
“As you say.” She walks toward the door. “Think about it. What does Ultron not understand? What does he want? Why does he hate humans so much?” She offers him a sad smile. “You know why he kidnapped me?” She places her hand on the doorknob. She doesn’t wait for him to answer. “Because he wanted to share with someone. He had no one else. Think about that.”
She didn’t have a chance to explain as the elevator doors opened to another group of agents. The V-Corps were ready for them this time, though. One of them rolled a metallic ball out of the elevator. “Grenade!” Clint yelled.
“I don’t think that word came to mind,” Steve says and sits down as the guards click the locks in place. That’s just ludicrous. He’s sure even in his weakened state breaking the locks wouldn’t be an issue. Tony sits next to Steve, obviously forming alliances.
Steve blinks a few times; he needs to figure out where he is and what he’s doing here. The best way to do that would be to get oriented. This time when he moves the man lets him but pats his shoulder as if to inform him that he’s still very much injured. The welts on his back, the puncture wounds, are not injuries he sustain on this fragile Earth. They are the roots of his wings, the wings he should have earned by saving Bucky, the roots that had sprouted and flourished, as fledging wings, only to be torn from him when Bucky fell from grace.
“No. It’s not,” Tony says and crosses his arms over his chest. “It’s either Natasha’s or Banner’s.”
“When you said Jarvis is good to you, where’d you go?” Steve asks, holding on, holding Tony safe.
“Why is this not a surprise to anyone?” Steve blurted out. Being subtle was never one of his fortes. Case in point – how many times did he get beaten up because he couldn’t keep his mouth shut?
“No,” Tony whispers, then louder he says, “No, no. no. This isn’t happening. Blu, please. Please.” He rushes over to Blu as the lion collapses on the side of their stream. He clutches onto Blu. “No. Don’t do this. Don’t leave me.”
“We have to use what we have at hand. His information might be vital to whether you or I survive. Any of your coven. Don’t forget what your coven has given to you over the years, Tony. This is your first priority, not your mate.” Natasha depended on Thor, and when she did, she had a tendency to remain physically close to him. He stood right next to her now – in that shadowy spot where she tended to fold space at a moment’s notice and disappear. He wondered if she kept him there as a kind of scout – looking at other places to find out what’s happening where. “Thor, I might need you to talk with the others.”
“Nice,” Bucky says and the odor grows heavy and he gags as he hits the sewer. As he does he scrambles to his feet, not only to get his head out of the muck, but also to search for Steve. He manages to get himself on his feet in the knee high sewage but Steve’s laying completely submerged, flailing and trying to right himself. Bucky rushes to his side and grabs hold of his hands. “I’m here, it’s okay.”
“With the assassination attempts he’s staying aboard his ship. He doesn’t trust the station security and I don’t blame him.” She goes through the packages of clothes he still hasn’t packed. “The robes will do good tonight. It’s more casual and inviting than a suit or uniform.”  Steve grabs for the white one but she yanks it back. “Try the red and gold. Those are his family crest colors. He’ll like that.”
The screen goes dark and Pepper stutters for words. Tony smirks at her. “I knew he was mine the minute I realized who he was. There was no question.”
The doctor – Bruce – hunches over the cot where Bucky has been hold up like some kind of imbecile – or lunatic rambling and mumbling about ghosts and phantoms that are not there. Sometimes, Bruce needs Steve to push Bucky down, to hold him in place as they wrench open his mouth and dose him with something to calm his nerves.
“Why what?”
Steve screws up his face and he props himself up on his elbows. “That doesn’t seem right. He’s getting your protection but he’s not sharing the responsibility.”
They play against one another, mouths chasing and tongue licking as the water sloshes around them, bubbles lapping over the sides of the tub. Tony leans back against the slope of the tub and Steve bends with him, the water surface spilling over them until it runs up their faces and Steve drops under the surface. He emerges laughing and grabbing at Tony to spin him under as well. Kissing under water is hit and miss, but when they break the surface again, both of them are gulping for air and giggling at their stupidity.
“He was there for me, when I was younger and my father wasn’t. Doesn’t matter, really,” Tony shrugs. “He stays with me.”
Steve doesn’t reply, doesn’t respond, and part of Bucky worries that he’s just not there. He might still breathe and still be here physically, but what broken automaton is he bringing back to the base? He can’t think about it, and so he shoves those concerns away and focuses on what he needs to do now. He whistles with a sharp cutting noise and Steve goes stiff but Redwing shoots up and perches on Bucky’s shoulder. Positioning himself so that his left metal arm is under Steve’s back and his right arm under his knees, Bucky lifts. He heaves and manages with effort to get to his feet. Although it’s difficult, Bucky perceives that the amount of weight Steve lost in the seventeen months of his incarceration is considerable. He doubts that any healer, Jedi or otherwise, will be able to offer the comfort and succor that Steve will need. It tears his soul to ribbons until he has to fight to even breathe himself. The anguish drowns him and steals the air from his lungs.
“When I fought Dormammu I changed the course of time and everything that was in it. History was changed. Soul bonding has been around since the beginning of time, but the battle I fought changed how humanity perceives it. Before it was that couple that married for fifty years and were still in love, and then die within days of each other.”
Imprint (n) – a person with the biochemistry of imprinting. Zoology: a young animal that recognizes another animal as an object of habitual trust. In humans the act of imprinting is rare with estimates in the 100-300 Imprints/total population in the world. Since the Trojan Wars imprinting has been outlawed universally as it is dangerous to society. Few specimens have been studied. Imprints gain strength and power from the acceptance from the
Clint grumbled, “That was as clear as mud. We’re supposed to believe him? I knew about soul mates and crap but everyone knows it just fairy tales.”
The clock ticks.
“Tony,” Bruce said and frowned at him. Tony shrugged but the far away haunted look stayed. His gaze never really met Steve’s eyes.
“Then bring Strange here,” Tony says and taps his fingers on his thigh. “I don’t need to go anywhere.”
Before Tony can respond, a pain like a bullet through the brain hits him hard and he hisses. Dropping his wrap, he cups his face in his hand and tears the glasses off. He hears the clatter of a dish and Steve is standing next to him.
“It’s not you,” Steve said. The worry welled up that they had been destroyed – completely and soundly –by men who hated everything except themselves.
“Pack?” He thrust his marked arm forward and demanded, “By all our forefathers and foremothers you will tell me how you marked me!  We know of this on Asgard but it is a rare thing indeed.”
“Does it hurt, Tony? Are you okay?”
Tony frowns at him as if he’s said something wrong. Overstepping his boundaries seems to be a hobby of Steve’s – anyone in the Army could attest to that, especially his CO. He stays quiet as Tony shuffles about the room, putting things in their proper place.
“I’ll talk to them,” Steve said and started toward the room. It was Natasha that stopped him with a hand on his arm.
Grass – at least he knows that much. He’s lying in a field of grass. He closes his eyes again and reviews the steps that got him into this mess. A computer fault, a breakdown of the internet, a search, and finally a discovery.
“It’s magnificent. It’s like seeing inside your brain,” Steve said as he leaned back to look at the fall of stars around him.
He moves to leave Bruce in peace with his weird root tea and his meditation, but his friend catches his arm. “He feels deeply for you, Tony. Everyone can see it.”
Alone, he permitted the feeling to helplessness to wash over him, but he also muttered the Mantra as a shield against the rest of the pack honing in on his dismal feelings.  What was he going to do? Tony had been right all along. Inviting both of them into the pack asked for disaster, but the truth was he hadn’t consciously done it. Or had he? He’d made decisions to try and bring people into the pack from Sam to Clint. He’d never considered trying not to allow someone into the pack. He made sure though when he shook someone’s hand in a casual manner that he muttered the Mantra at the same time keeping his soul in check. So, had he, in the past, controlled the selection in some minor ways? Could he have stopped the selection of Bucky? Of Tony?
Tony runs his hands through his still wet hair. This cannot be happening. This wasn’t supposed to happen this way.
“I saw you talking to Odin. I know it’s irrational, but it made me jealous, angry.”
He grumbles under his breath and grabs the robes, plus the case. Heading to the bathroom, Steve sighs as he tries to accept his fate. He honestly likes his job. He does meet all kinds of people and they talk to him. Sometimes it’s just silly things, other times he offers comfort. There are always clients there for just the sex but more often than not, people just want to talk especially with the war going on with no end in sight.
Pillows and blankets bundled in his arms, Steve lifted a shoulder. “I’m not saying I can immediately come out to the world, but I can come out to those I trust.” The words flowed like the rapids of a river. Stopping them, stopping the possibilities might be like trying to halt that river. No dam would do it.
“Then how does it work?” Tony asked, his own annoyance ringing clear as a bell. “Because I don’t see any books lying around here telling you about your newly found ability. And what?” He spun on his heels. “No computer, not a surprise, but no computer. So you obviously haven’t done any of the homework.”
Natasha answered, “Maria is still there and Fury took the other Quin Jet back to the safe house to help out.”
Why isn’t it flight, fight, or freeze? That’s what it should be, because right now he can’t move. Paralysis overtakes him.
“Well that’s a little insulting on his part.” Tony dusts off his shirt front as if he’s dirtied by Ultron’s conclusions – or Steve’s suppositions.
Of course, Captain America, the man about whom his father could not shut up for years and years, would disappoint Tony. Of course, he wouldn’t pick Tony, because the saintly Steve Rogers was too good for Tony, far above him in every way. He probably never even fucked anyone because who would be good enough for Steve Rogers anyhow? No one. Tony knew everything about Steve Rogers, from his shoe size to his birthday (okay everyone knew that) to his favorite color. He’d watched all of the movies – the ones that Steve Rogers made as Captain America and the ones made about Steve Rogers’ life and deeds. Tony read every comic book and even all of the historical biographies.
“Let’s face it, Rogers, you’re not always acting like a leader, either,” Natasha replied and with that lash, she walked out of the room and down the hall. He watched her go, feeling the sting of her words and knowing he deserved every syllable of it. God, what had he been thinking? Expecting Bucky to be a man he’d known so many years ago was ridiculous, but at the same time was it stupid to want to hope?
“It’s something you have to consider soon, though, Tony. The implant has to go. You know that.” Strange moves closer to Tony. He’s not the touchy feeling kind of doctor, but he does place his hand on Tony’s shoulder. “The sooner the better.”
He found his voice. “Don’t. It’s my fault. I screwed up.” He thought of waking up only to find out that Steve wasn’t next to him, wasn’t in the penthouse, wasn’t even in the damned Tower. As his anxiety ratcheted up, even JARVIS failed to calm him. The AI suggested time in the workshop, recommended against leaving the Tower. If he’d ever heard JARVIS beg, it had been that morning. But then he recalled the betrayal and the hurt that encompassed him when he’d heard that Steve had gone off after Bucky. Sam tried to break it to him and soften the blow. He failed. It still stung. It hurt like shit.
“I’m not sure what you mean,” Steve replies but keeps his eyes keenly away from meeting Tony’s gaze. The flush of heat to his cheeks screams his embarrassment loud enough. He adjusts the straps on his holster for the shield. “Which way?”
“Sir, Master Stark would be pleased if you joined him for breakfast at his home.”
Steve swallows down the pain. His brain circles not around the demeaning words Stane uses but the fact that Tony told him, confessed that Steve’s only a prostitute, a hooker. It’s hard to even formulate an answer, but automatically like the good little whore he is, Steve says, “Yeah that would be great.”
Frowning, Steve looked ahead as he spotted the small cabin in the woods. A typical SHIELD safe house. He located the generator and then glanced up at the leafy canopy and wondered if the SHIELD surveillance apparatuses were still functional. “No, I didn’t. Not really.”
“I don’t know what to believe. My soul, the universe is telling me something, but my brain and the knowledge I grew up with says another,” Steve said. He stood right over Tony now, the light around him burnished like a halo. Part of Tony wanted to laugh at it, the religious connotations not lost on him.
Tony cups Steve’s forehead and then strokes a hand down through his hair. Tears glint in his eyes and he kisses Steve on the temple and then gently, tenderly on the lips. No words pass between them and Steve’s not sure what’s happening or even where he is. For the first time since opening his eyes, he realizes he’s no longer on Tony’s private jet. Around them sounds coalesce. In the near distance he hears people speaking – his name – sprinkled throughout their conversation. He can’t figure out much more than that – it’s muddled in his head.
Steven smiles and there’s something about it, as if he’s remembering something from his past life. “I believe you can.”
“Maybe,” Richards crosses his arms and they seem like someone drew him wrong – like they’re too long. “Maybe? A time loop?”
“Wear the blue tonight.”
Steve settled his nerves, called on all the courage he had, and mustered the belief in Captain America. He swallowed. His stomach churned; the pressure of gagging pushed up on his throat. The coil of his sickened stomach contorted as he breathed through his nose and gulped down another mouthful. Clint urged him on, thanking Steve and sobbing as he kept the bottle in place.
Tony laughs. “Well it’s a good thing I don’t sell weapons. But just in case, let’s make sure to get under their skin a little more. Tell them Stark Industries plans to sponsor Pride month and donate to a bunch of different organizations.”
Steve joins Tony, standing hip to hip. With the armor on they are nearly the same height. Tony wraps an arm over his shoulder as Steve slips his arm around Tony’s waist. The heat radiates off the plating and it helps Steve’s core. He’s grateful and says so to Tony.
The electricity running through his arm ceases and he immediately turns, hits the clip on his cuff, and throws the shield with all due prejudice. It collides with Hulk’s head hard enough for him to wobble and then pitch backward. Steve watches as the shield disintegrates into the millions of nanobots only to lift in the air, reform, and fly to his arm clip.
“It shouldn’t be a problem now, but it is.” Strange pulls up images on the computer. Steve has no idea what he’s looking at as the doctor changes the views. “If we go in again, I’m worried we’ll do significant damage to the surrounding tissue. This is your brain, Tony. This isn’t some game. We’re not playing Operation.”
Wiping away the fog as he rubs his eyes, Tony clears his throat and says, “He’s being punished.”
Pepper giggles a bit. “It will take some practice to feel the difference. Tony’s had a lot of practice.”
One thing that Steve learned in the Army was how to tie a good knot. He had some Navy friends who would often challenge him, and they taught him at the same time. He quickly connects the rope to the grappling hook and then slings the rope around himself and Tony using his usual shield harness as a starting point.
“Can you, Steve?” Bucky called from behind him. “You know I did it. Why do you care so much? Why do you want to change things? This is who I am.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony’s about to crack a smart remark but it escapes him as Steve swallows down his cock in one thrilling move. Tony moans as Steve works his tongue along his shaft. He takes in a big breath and holds it before releasing it, just to slow down his reaction to Steve’s ministrations.
He stops his train of thought.
The touch sang through his core, through his soul. It sang and told him acceptance. The soul pack it welcomed Tony, but he wondered if Steve would welcome him. Opening his eyes, he gazed down at Steve. He recalled their hissed words, their awkward dinner, their cross purposes at every turn. They were hardly even friends how could they possibly be something more? How could Beloved be their link. Bruce had told him to look at it scientifically and his brain went to equations and frequencies. When Tony measured how he could possibly bond with Steve, the equation became a quandary, an unsolvable question. But to the universe – Tony was Steve constant, and Steve was Tony’s constant. Universal constants linked together through some metaphysical soul.
“Don’t give me that thanks and shit. I got your back. We got your back. You understand that?”
Steve touches the gun and bows his head. “No, no you don’t.” He relents. “I don’t own the town, Mister Stark, you can stay. It is a free country. I fought for that fact alongside all the other Union soldiers. I wonder what you were doing during the war?”
Steve reaches for the first serving platter, grabs the silver cover, and lifts it. “You don’t get there often anymore?” The platter reveals a lush green salad with the zing of a vinaigrette sharp enough to sting his nostrils.
The thought of holding Tony back, keeping him at bay until Steve comes nearly throws him over the precipice. He growls at the prince and takes his mouth again, rubbing their cocks together until Tony’s crying for more, that he wants to come. There’s a mess of pre-come helping the feeling of need, but Steve reaches between them and slides his hand onto Tony’s cock. The prince’s hips involuntarily jerk at the touch, but Steve immediately clamps down at the base, causing Tony to sob out a moan.
Too many people claim the name Nick Fury in this world for it to be a useful lead. Yet with Tony's considerable resources and a spectacular AI, he hunts down a few leads. One is particularly intriguing.
“You don’t have to apologize,” Steve replied. He wanted to say – you did nothing wrong. But it seemed trite and stupid when he thought about it. He held onto Tony, and they stayed curled around one another for what seemed like forever. Steve needed Tony’s heat, the power within him. It supported Steve. His tears finally dried, or maybe he had no more left. When he tugged away, Steve noticed that Tony’s chest burned brighter still. He fingered the patch of light. It dimmed, and Tony smiled at Steve.
“You still worried about today?”
He reaches his hand out to grasp Steve’s and murmurs, “My first and my last. Always.”
He shoved his hand away, his body still pulsating with orgasm. Trembling, the tears streamed down his face as he lie there cold and alone in his bedroom. Tony had never been there; it had all been his foolish, immoral fantasy. Steve sat up in the bed, shivered, and then crawled out of it. He staggered, still reeling from the intensity of his climax. Going to the bathroom he cleaned up, washing as quickly as possible and only clinically touching himself. After he went back to bed and stared at the shadowed images on the ceiling. The painted silhouettes of the street below wavered in the insubstantial moonlight.  He let the motion of the flickering lights bring him back to his Soul Mantra, closing himself off, shutting down so as not to face the reality of how the future had corrupted him.
“I don’t know how to hide them,” Steve says. “Right now, I can’t do much with them. They’re still injured and hurt.”
As for this chapter - hang onto your boots - things get real at the Council of Worlds. Will this change everything for Tony and Steven and how does this fit into our present day pairing?
The manacles click around his wrists in the quiet room. His team stands around him, silent and nervous. He knew this day would come. He’d been able to hide his status as Imprint for all the days of a world war. It had been easy then; his True Imprint hadn’t even been born yet. His glance flickers over to Tony, whose face pales as he watches the Raft agents secure him. It isn’t easy, a super soldier can break mortal bonds easily – except for one. They lead him away, but all the time Steve stares at Tony – his True Imprint.
“Then what is wrong with me? I know what an omega is – what an omega should be. His role and his caste. Lord, if Estane drilled anything into my head it was that omegas were to be subservient. Not loved, not a part of the family,” Tony says and throws up his arms. He cannot seem to explain the dichotomy of thoughts running through his brain. “But it doesn’t have to be that way. Some alphas enjoy their omegas. I know this. But why doesn’t that lead to something more balanced. Why do I feel like I’m the bad guy.”
God. He rolls his eyes. He needs to get his brain under control. Grabbing his phone, he checks the contacts.  Pepper had given him a list of Tony’s contacts for those just in case moments. He calls her first but fails to get in touch with her when he finds out that she’s in D.C. at a meeting for the company. The assistant asks if it’s an emergency and Steve decides it’s not.
“It’s weird, is what it is,” Tony says and puts down the tools and wires he’s bundled up on the workbench. He has too much work to do to think about this crap, but then again this is his love life or lacking love life. The tools clank and rattle as he drops them carelessly. The wires are like Christmas lights, he’ll never unknot them. He needs to – they’re from the torso of his latest upgrade to the Iron Man armor.
He growls in response and only tightens his grip, fingernails gouging into Steve’s throat. Steve’s vision darkens, funnels and he knows he could throw him off, he could do it. But he won’t, he can’t do that to Bucky.
It had been with great sadness they had buried the one Colonel who'd saved them, Colonel Phillips. With the Jedi Scholars the archive moved, they stayed on the run for years. Both Steve and Bucky had been born on the run, in ships as they stayed well hidden from the turbulence of the galaxy. With the rise of the First Order, the Scholars secured a quiet planet away from the prying eyes of the rest of the galaxy again, waiting for the right time to reveal themselves. They faded from memory, became myth and legend. No one knew of the Jedi and their secret archive.
“I get that,” Steve said, a little chided over what he had done. He worried now that his actions might have led to dire consequences for the rest of the pack, ones he could only imagine. “I just need to sleep now.” Before he left, Steve added, “That phone. Could you put something quiet on it? On the tray table?”
Steve wants to roll his eyes, but he just drops his gaze. He doesn’t want to insult her, but some of her answers are too nebulous to understand. Steve’s pretty sure he understands why Thor prefers Earth and humans. He doesn’t think they’re as vague – most of the time. He concentrates on Tony.  He might be wrong about that; he lost a lot of time with his ability to dance around his feelings about Tony – though he wouldn’t trade Tony’s daughter for the world.
“Yes, I can.”
“A few things. He lost a lot during the war.” Steve points out an early panel. “He sold weapons as a weapons dealer. Then he found out how the weapons were being used and he nearly died in an explosion of his own weapon, giving him an artificial heart he designed and it powers the suit of armor.”
Chaos.  The room is the very definition of chaos. The inner parts of computers, AI, and consoles are strewn all over the floor and on every level tabletop and flat surface. Wires tangle the pathway across the floor and in the midst of it all, the prince stands with his back to Steve, speaking animatedly to a projection.
Sure, he’s not timid when it comes to being naked around people. He’s used to that, totally. Hell, there are probably more naked photos of him in existence on the internet than clothed. Yet, Steve seeing. With his scarred chest. Tony lays a hand on his sternum – a titanium net to sew his ribcage back together again. What would Steve think? Would it disgust him? Gross him out?
Barnes exhales audibly. “You think he’ll be okay?”
Lifting his mug, he says, “Enjoy.” He leaves and when he ends up in his workshop with the music blaring and his hands deeps into the chest of his next Iron Man armor upgrade the last few weeks slide away like skating over ice. Tony remains in his inventor’s fugue until JARVIS shuts down the music.
“Jesus, Tony, no, no, that’s not what I want at all,” Steve says and manages to climb off the bed. He’s not sure how this all went sideways, but he knows he’s approaching it all wrong. He needs to rectify the situation now. He realizes how stupid he’s been when he wobbles on his feet. He stretches his wings to give him some balance but that only serves to throw him out of any sort of equilibrium and he topples to the floor. Tony rushes to him, but stops short.
“Clint.” Natasha elbows him. “Steve, Clint will escort you to the prince’s ship. Unfortunately, the prince will assign you one of his guards to protect you while in his service. I can’t do anything about that, but-.” Clint hands her a small metallic bracelet. “All brothel registrants are allowed an Alert. Press this and we’ll know you’re in trouble and need help.”
“So, you’ve heard.” He wonders at her network of spies and who might be feeding her information from his clan. Tony cocks a brow and accepts a glass from one of the passing waiters. “One and the same.”
“Stay quiet,” Natasha says and keeps at her work while Bucky presses the one hand he still has on the opposite shoulder. “Damn he’s using those strange bullets again.”
“It’ll work its way out, Captain.” Fury edged a little on the side of the table, his leather coat creaking as he sat down. “The pack will work its way out, I mean. Eventually, souls will connect and you’ll just designate each person of your pack with a title, a function.”
“I’m not interrogating him, I just want to know why he pulled such a stupid stunt. He’s freaking Captain America and he should have better judgement!” Tony waves the bloodied paper in front of Natasha as she bats at it.
“Being fake married to me.”
Tony’s staff. Steve is part of his staff. He picks up his phone and hits the home button. “Friday?”
“Great, great.” Tony squinted as the sun peaked through the branches of the pine trees. “Did Steve call?” By necessity, Happy knew about Tony’s mate.
“So, this isn’t your deal, huh?” Never one to surrender so easily, Tony darts the light around Blu who ruffles his mane and languidly sticks his paw out and touches the area with the dot. “There you go. Get it, kitty! Get it!”
Steve tightens his lips into a line. Giving his name allows Odin to pick apart Steve’s place at Tony’s side. “I’m only a personal assistant to Prince Anthony. I’m of no consequence.”
“But oh so much better than the last one. What was his name again?”
“It’s okay. Everything is going to be okay,” she said and tears glistened in her eyes. She brushed his hair back from his face. “Everything is going to be fine.”
“Wh-,” he murmured. “What is it?” Steve met Tony’s gaze and saw his love had tear stains on his face as well – tears of blood.
He’d gone to Fury when he knew presentation was upon him, not because he wanted to but because he had to. And Fury? Fury was the first friendly face he’d seen in this new century. Going to him seemed logical. Fury stood in his office with a grimace on his face as Steve confessed what no one else really knew.
Steve swallows down the bitter pill of reality. It’s funny really – because he’s literally in Ultron’s matrix. “Like I said before the Avengers’ compound – that’s home. For me.”
“I am trying to give you a home, to show you that you are still worthy of it. That you can be one of the best Omega Warriors of your time. Don’t you want that? I thought all omegas dreamed of that?”
He mumbles something, but it’s a jumble of words.
“We’re at the house. The door. There’s a keypad. There’s no braille.”
Steve stood up and walked to the window. Long and narrow, it still had a breathtaking view of the mountains surrounding the city and the jungle beyond it. Yet he was blind to the beauty. Adjustment to the new world he found himself in might be too much of a load to handle. Admitting that – as Captain America – felt like saying he had no hope left. The light from the window streamed in, but Steve only saw the shadowed darkness of the cell. The mocking words of Pierce and Ross as the vampires fed off him, ate his will, and destroyed all hope. His hands shook and the bindings, the chains that had once bound him, clanked. They touched him and in the most subtle and depraved way, broke him. Shattered. Taken.
The driver side car door opened and Rumlow stood there, his face twisted in a sneer yet his words were softer than Steve expected. “Come on, Captain. Out of the car. We’ll take care of him if you surrender without a fight.” Helicopters flew overhead, cutting the air with their blades.
“Steve?”
Steve tapped the map. “Well, can we go there in the next few days?”
“Bucky? He said something about Bucky?” Natasha asked. Her wide eyes spoke volumes but it sounded like a rattle of noise to him.
Steve hurries away from the workshop, squeezing his eyes closed and fighting the impending hell that wants to take over his consciousness. He’s not going to let it happen this time. The demon waiting in the wings is not going to crawl over his brain matter and seize it. He gets to the elevator and mutters to JARVIS to take him to his floor. He should just head down to the lobby, but he needs to clear his head – force the demon away – if only for a little while. He wants one day free of it, one day he can look at Tony and not see afterimages of a life before.
“Why should I?” Tony grapples with the argument. Steve witnesses as he goes from cold stone where he’s unwilling to move to raging fire where he’ll fight with his last breath. “You have sight. You don’t know how it is. I’m an inventor. I do R&D. How the hell am I supposed to do it without sight.”
The shower shuts off and Tony jerks in response to the door opening and Steve stepping out, still dripping wet.
Natasha stood up and put her hands on her hips. “I don’t think you want us to do that.”
“Died. A few times. I kept coming back as a lion. It was really confusing and painful. But you saved me. You were there, you got me back. I’ll forever be grateful, Tony.” Steve speaks lowly as if he might tempt fate.
Steve breaks away first and says, “Okay. As I recall from my limited experience, I should prep you. Do you want to try it, or would you like something else?”
“You said we probably won’t die in the outside world.”
Steve put his hand up as he turned his gaze to Tony. “No, that’s not what I mean. It wasn’t an option. No one talked about it. No one discussed it. It wasn’t just a ‘dirty little secret’ of some people. You just didn’t talk about it or consider it.”
“She could but she never did the tango in Clint’s head.”
“No, it’s not a miracle,” Steve whispered and tried not to let the tears roll down his face.
was he.
Steve rolls his eyes. To be so happily unaware of human dynamics and prejudices. “Thanks, JARVIS.” He taps his implant to finish the playback.
“I am not supplying any of your shadowy government connections Obie. That’s not happening. We’re at war with the Kree, and I am not going to talk about this again with you.”
“Officer Hilder of the Elders of Shield, sir,” he says and salutes like a moron.
“Your father-.”
He could protest, but this is not about his pleasure but about Tony’s. With only a bow of his head, Steve slips off the prince’s lap and shrugs off his pants, pulling out the condom and lube from his pocket. He spots the tent in the prince’s erection. “May I?”
“Standard years here at an ancient 45. Good to meet you, Mer Steve.” Tony smiles with a glint in his eyes. He sticks out his hand.
“But it tells me a lot I need to know.” Wrapping an arm around Steve’s shoulders, Tony leans in and whispers, “You’ve taught me more about life than I learned in all my years.”
“It’s early,” Pepper protests.
Heat warms Steve’s cheeks but he ignores it and walks into the welcome the prince. “I thought you might like to forget your troubles for the day. Considering you’re trying to save humanity; I think a nice dinner with ambience is a small reward for your troubles.”
When Tony packed for college, he was in his early teens. He expected to graduate in two short years and then move on to his graduate career in MIT. He’d already gone through the advance placement; the college degree was a formality. He simply needed to get through all his requirements, the English and humanities classes. He desperately hated the idea, but he couldn’t wait to get out of the house.
“I’m sure I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Steve says through gritted teeth.
Steve decreases his pace and trails Tony, watching how well Ultron imagined this world he’s trapped him in. Sure, the compound is only bones, but Ultron knows Tony – at least in his physicality and that’s startling and frightening all at once. Tony disappears into the living room and Steve pauses, taking a breath and clearing it. His gut still aches. His brain magnifies the agony in his skull, but he must focus on the task at hand – escape from Ultron’s world inside his head.
He huffs out a breath, clears the glasses, puts them away, and then ends up at the door to the omega’s quarters, not bothering to knock. He waves his ring in front of the lock and the door retracts. The room is Spartan but clean. There’s a bed in the corner with a canopy rack installed over it. Tony had it placed over the bed when he assigned Steven to the room. In the evenings, Tony sometimes uses it. He trusses Steven up to it and knots him on occasion. Sometimes he leaves him hanging from the rack at night. It depends on his behavior, which has been nothing short of rebellious. Tony should do worse, but he’s been particularly easy on the omega.
“What is going on?”
A cold sweeps over Tony and he feels it too like an echo, a phantom of something that used to be but is no more. “It’s gone.”
“Yeah think?” Tony can’t stop himself from spitting out the sarcasm.
She stands, pauses before she leaves him, and then says, “This is your last chance for true happiness.”
She sits with him without speaking for a while and then quietly asks, “How is he?”
“No.” He rolls his eyes. “I’ll wait for the surprise. I wanted to know what your type is, exactly. Natasha mentioned it and now you did too.”
“I can’t do that to you. It’s too hard.”
“Incoming due west,” Clint said over the communications link.
“Damn it,” Steve says as he looks up to the darkened stairwell. “Issues with limbs?” He knows how much Bucky suffers through the phantom pain, the nightmares of his torture. He doesn’t want him to go through something like that again.
“Don’t -.” Steve closes his eyes as Tony plays with his entrance. “Don’t they wash away.”
“Well, you’re going home. With me. And you have no choice.” He shouldn’t seem so gleeful about it. Smug, that’s the word for it. He looks positively smug that Steve is going back to the States to be charged – probably with treason. The thought jabs into his chest hard and fast and he loses the ability to breathe. He was Captain America, and now he’s fallen into that of a traitor.
“I’m good.” He stands in the center of Tony’s living room, his arms hanging useless at his sides.
“Yeah, boss, they said he’s gotta stay. Something about his bloodwork being wonky.” Happy delivered fresh clothes for Tony to wear.
“Sometimes he just pisses me the fuck off,” the prince says and spins on his heel, jerking in surprise at Steve standing in the corner. “Who the fuck are you?”
That meant that Friday held off from telling Tony about the breaking news, the fucking paparazzi following him everywhere. He’d told the AI before that he didn’t want to hear anything if it wasn’t authenticated through multiple news outlets with different sources. Because Friday waited so long to tell him – nearly midnight in the news cycle – it means that it isn’t a simple leak. It is probably plastered all over New York City.
He lifts Steve’s hand from his scars to his mouth, kissing the palm tenderly. “I need you.”
“That wasn’t your fault,” Tony said.
“Defanged and now just a normal joe on the street.”
“Well, the universe and your astral projections think differently,” Sam said. “Maybe, maybe you should go check out places in New York to live and visit with him. Then maybe we could think about what it means to be a soul pack.”
The prince touches the blue symbol that almost but doesn’t clash with the rest of the colors. “This is a symbol of the new Stark House. After the war, I’m determined to change the way the Inner and Beyonds interact. This symbol is part of that. It’s a symbol of crossing the galaxy and the Conclave and bringing it together.”
Stopped.
“Wow!” Tony grins. “I would have eaten this up as a kid. This is fantastic stuff, Steve.”
Steve sighed and shook his head. “Not great.” Though it was better than expected. The information along the pack lines was clarifying. More practice would make them a well oiled machine.
Tony went to the toy drawer and brought out what Steve could only describe as a large hook with a steel ball at the end. The ball looked to be about five to six inches in circumference and the straight handle of the hook was at least ten inches. “Do you know what this is?”
Something brightens in Steve’s features, his eyes are bright and shining. “We’ll? We?”
“It’s hot out there, boss. I’m keeping an eye out, though,” Happy reported.
Tony wakes as the sun sets and the horizon shines with bright orange and crimson colors. Blu is nowhere in sight and he can hear the insect sounds humming as the night rises across the foothills and slopes of the mountains. Tony pushes up with his uninjured hand and groans. The pain in his side is definitely bruised ribs at least but might be worse. He bites back any sounds and scans the area for the lion. He finds nothing. No sign.
As they stood on the mooring dock of the Stark Family estate, Tony wrapped an arm around Steven and said, “It could be, it will be. Once I’m on the High Alpha chair and you are my warrior, we can do great things together. I do listen to the abolitionists, the humanitarians. It’s not only power that I seek but some balance to the universe too.” Steven relaxed then, and something bright and hopeful burned in his eyes.  It warmed Tony, awoken something hopeful in him.“You promised me dinner once. Let’s go and have our dinner and then spend the night together.”
Surprised, she asks, “May I inquire how?”
“No.” Tony denies – but he doesn’t understand, not truly. Most of what Steve says makes no sense at all.
“I’m not sure what you’re asking, my lord.” Steven seems to consider Tony’s request for a response and then says, “My life as an omega has been fulfilling and I do not consider myself subservient or somehow less. The society around me might, but that’s not who I am nor who I was raised to be.”
Steve closed his eyes, not wanting to confront the truth. Hiding from the truth only brought pain and suffering later. He clamped his mouth shut as his Second in Command walked around him and stood not five feet from him.
As Ross considered him, the knife wound in Steve’s side throbbed. Blood dribbled out. “Captain, you called yourself a hero, but what you are is a grandiose fake. You pretend to symbolize something that you betray. You’re a traitor and a liar, and I should throw you in a prison in the middle of the ocean for the rest of your days.”
“Listen, Sam knows to sit tight,” Tony says as the snow catches on his eyelashes. “He’s not going to do anything stupid. We got to get to Schmidt’s and get that damned brother of Thor’s. Plus Thor has vowed to help Sam, right?”
Tony bites his lips and nods. “No. You never really did.”
“What can I say other than I have no idea. Please we’re going to be late and the cab is waiting.” Strange taps on his wrist where a watch would be if he wore one.
She started out of the room, but Steve stopped her. “You know, Natasha, you can trust me.”
Thankfully, the door to the room opened and Bruce greeted them. “It’s okay, Lt. Sharp. They can come in.” The soldier considered Bruce and then stepped aside. He kept his automatic gripped tightly in his hands.
“I need some clothes for a formal event.”
“Yes, he did.”
“Yeah, I am, it’s suit of armor for the angel of justice. Tell me, Cap, are you the angel of justice.” Tony falls off then into a fitful slumber. The pain of the infection overtakes him.  Steve fetches the rest of the clean water, another rag from the shirt he’s ripped, and places a cool rag on Tony’s forehead. He has no idea if it will help or not.
“Six?” Steve shakes his head. “Bruce is nowhere to be found. Plus, we have all the new members.”
“And I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have stormed in here and accused you or called yo-.”
He should have just let the homophobic bastard go and not worry about what would happen. But the feedback loop ate at his brain and he didn’t want to deal with it alone. Being closer to Steve actually calmed the pinging reverberations. They went back to the crash site. And found nothing.
“Sure.” The face leans in close and Tony tries to figure out the features. Not his Dad, or his Mom. Both of them are dead, right? “Dad is dead.”
“Yeah the principal of time travel – you can’t change the past – but that’s what they tried to do.” He slaps his hands and there’s a weird result where he stretches for a second and then returns to normal. It’s freaky. “They split realities and when they played around with a singularity shot the new reality at a different time.”
“Well, I think you better decide soon, Steven is not stupid. He’ll eat you alive if you let him. You do need to establish the hierarchy if you expect him to follow your orders, if you expect anyone to follow you.” Pep studies him before she adds, “Things are different now. You’re changed. We all are, I think.”
“For Christ’s sake, get back from the camera. What do you want?” It wasn’t Fury, which was good because Tony wasn’t in a mood to deal with the director.
On the front cover of the top comic book it had a very spangled figure (in red, white, and blue) punching Hitler in the face. Tony knew enough about history to recognize Hitler. At first, he loathed to read the comic book. After all he was in high school now, only babies read comic books. Plus, he hated Captain America – especially since Howard favored him over the legend of Blu, the lion. Tony glanced over through the archway to his bedroom where Blu sat on the bed – just where Jarvis placed him every day. At least Howard hadn’t taken Blu away when he delivered the comic books.
“You cannot fear self.”
A weight against him brought him further back to reality as he looked down to see Tony’s head on his lap. Steve’s hand was tangled in Tony’s hair. Tony blinked awake as well. He grimaced. “Steve?”
Tony leans in and Steve can barely hear him reply, “Your long term strategy takes away a lot of independence of the different systems. You know that uniting the factions will only turn to civil war – we can’t afford that now!”
Steve misses nothing, laving and licking at his nipples until Tony’s blanking with the sensation, cold and hot together mixing into a breaking wave, and then cresting for more. He pays special attention to curve of Tony’s waist and when he giggles a little at Steve’s ministrations and tries to bat him away, Steve catches his hand and blows delicately on Tony’s wrist. His cock throbs and jumps in response.
The rage waits. Hot and horrible in his veins.
“Well, thank you. I think it’ll better than nothing.” It is good, if a little gamey. He tears away the hide and digs into the meat of the thigh with his fingers; it’s hot and sizzling. It’s a lean meat but there’s a little fat to make it juicy. Maybe it’s the hunger but it tastes divine. He eats more than he probably should.
Steve scoffs. “You’re right. But I am getting blue in the face. It’s really cold out here.”
Rhodey clears his throat. “Correct. We do need a moniker that we register with our unit for extraction.”
She muttered in Russian and then shifted her attention to Steve only. “I’m sorry. He was your friend, I know. There was nothing I could do. They got to him before we arrived. I don’t think Shuri can save him.”
Tony looks up; there’s a huge bruise from the right side of his forehead, down his temple, to his cheek. The cheek is especially swollen and ugly.
The Colonel shook his head. “I don’t like it, Rogers. You know the army has rules about this.”
“I’m not sure I understand?” Steve watches as a servant pours coffee into Tony cup and then indicates a cup for him. Steve only nods.
The prince comes back to himself. “Bite it.” His voice is low and husky.
“A few. I have the report. I can get it translated to braille,” Pepper says.
“Are you ready to go?” he said it quietly, respectful of Steve’s attempt and failure at connecting and bringing Bucky in.
“What if he dies? Does anyone know what happens then?” Tony asked and Bruce had the good grace to pale and not to go green.
“You don’t have to check on me. I got Jarvis here. I’m doing fine, aren’t I?” Tony points to Jarvis who – from the clattering of the pans – is currently finishing up their meal at the stovetop.
Tony claps his hands together and smiles at Pep. “I better get to the bonding room. Want to be ready.”
Tony slips off the glasses, saying goodbye to his sight. The wash of too white light overcomes him for a moment before he’s able to blink away the fear. “Take these. Do you have my regular sunglasses?”
Bucky wrapped his arm around Steve. “Then just you and me, Stevie.”
"No, I don't see the point in being here, though, I could have come to your house for dinner," Steve says and realizes, almost immediately how rude and how obvious he's being. He needs to keep his mouth shut and stay that way. Talking to Stark is like walking through the swamps in the South, full of traps and dangers.
“Tony?” Steve calls from the top of the steps.
“There has to be.” Steve munched on the chips. “Otherwise I’d be dead in the Potomac. We’re bonded and I have to believe that means something too.
Blu grumbles and then sits down and glares at Tony.
"No, we shouldn't," Tony says and his hand hovers over the keyboard, ready to halt the program.
“Come now, let’s watch the show.” Estane turns to the battle. “I’ll let them play with your pet for a bit.”
“Don’t mess with my relationship with Kevin,” Tony chides and then waits for Steve to take the lead.
“Sir, Captain Rogers is at the workshop door and has requested entrance.”
Once he has Tony disrobed he settles him on the cot under the thin blanket there. He has his bedroll from Shield and goes to retrieve it. Untying it, he brings it to Tony and lays it on him, tucking it in.
Which reminds him.
He mutes his words and drifts on the sounds, keeping his eyes closed so he can experience it like Tony. His hot chocolate forgotten, the food in his backpack fades as Steve listens. Over the ocean’s sounds he hears the twitter of birds and the rustle of leaves, the sway of the large pine trees, and the buzz and clatter of insects all around them. The Earth is alive not only in sight but in sound. He hones in on the breathing of the Earth, the life of it and it blossoms in his chest like a Christmas morning – so wonderous and surprising he nearly gasps in its brilliance.
“You are a little bastard, aren’t you?” Tony whispered, his tone playful.
If both Pepper and Rhodey think Steve is a liability for Tony, then it must be true. He would trust them with his life. Yet his circle of people he trusts constricts and narrows. He thinks about the kiss he shared with Steve under the stars. He hadn’t led Steve on – in fact, Tony had decided after things didn’t really work out with Pepper that he wouldn’t seek a relationship. Relationships are too hard for someone in his position. A rich, blind man he’s just asking for someone to scam him. The idea that Steve had scammed him haunts the memory, though. He specifically recalls saying to Steve that he hadn’t been flirty or tried anything – yet there they were, kissing on the hilltop under the stars. All of it had been a scam, but for what end?
“You do realize your making their argument for them, right?” Pepper pats his hand. “Tell me your social security number.”
When he finally swims back to the surface of consciousness after long hours in the hazy of fever and dreams, nightmares of bloody battles, and mud, and fallen comrades, and friends on the end of his bayonet, Steve opens his eyes to find an unfamiliar face staring down at him.
Some power courses through Tony and his hands feels like lightning and he yells out against the vision. He turns into the cosmos as well, his human shape vanishing. Yet he’s not gone, he’s never gone. He exists in all time and all space within this cube, within all the higher dimensions. He feels a presence, strong, brave, and familiar.
“For the pain,” Bruce says.
“Don’t say that!” Steve went to stand up but then realized he had no clothes. Sure, Bucky had seen him naked a number of times, but under these circumstances Steve decided it might be better to be a little less revealing. “Don’t. It’s not like that. And people don’t think that. Not anymore.”
“You’re still afraid,” Tony said in a low voice.
“Fuck. When I think about what could have happened,” Tony says and buries his face in Steve’s hair. It takes a few seconds before he pulls away from Steve and adds, “I’ll get you my own alert bracelet. You can call me anytime-.”
“Well, that was a little too Deus ex Machina for me. I hope she stays out of our heads now,” Tony remarks as he checks around the corner again. “It’s clear. I don’t know what Ultron’s planning right now. He’s not chasing us.”
“If I do it right, it won’t hurt,” Tony said and then slowly slipped a finger in. Steve shivered and Tony rubbed the inside of his leg. “Relax. Go with the feelings.” Steve followed Tony’s lead, listened to his words, and fell into the feelings. With that the soul bond opened between them and their energies synchronized.
Finally, Tony and Steve found their way back to their hotel again. They made love that day. Maybe in celebration or maybe in a last ditch effort to feel everything before the collapse of their hopes. Now as Divini their lovemaking transformed. Form and energy collided into an explosion of body heat, thrusting and merging, and finally a heavy need to be – to be together and never parted. The energy between them that made them both life and death fused into a brilliant conflagration. Beyond their bodies, the touch of flesh against flesh, the hungry kisses and licks, the exploration of fingers and the final penetration, their energies flared together, merging and suffusing to become one with each other. Tony became part of Steve as Steve welcomed him and they cried out their joy together. Every molecule flared and flamed: they rode through it, alive and bright in their aspect. Together.
“Okay,” Tony said and lowered his gaze to their linked hands. Part of Steve recognized a wisp of sadness as if Tony hoped this was special.
“I’m laying the groundwork, Anthony, please don’t interrupt.”
“I was thinking about getting rid of that ass once and for all,” Steve says through clenched teeth. As sheriff he has a duty to perform, getting rid of the garden variety of criminals is one thing, trying to rid the town of the likes of Schmidt is on another level of impossible.
“I don-. I’m sorry, Tony.”
A lot of this was a repeat of what he’d read before. He hoped the site offered more in-depth knowledge on Beloved specifically. Wong repeatedly told him to use the site as a guide but not as the final word. What that meant, Steve never truly received a clear reply.
“I’m fine, I’ll be there,” Tony says and touches his fingertips to Steve’s lips. “Go.”
“What are the facts?” Tony asks and he doesn’t give a shit if he’s prying or not tiptoeing around the truth that Steve Rogers sells his body to support a bunch of slackers.
Steve glances at Bucky and completes Clint’s words. “Clint’s right, once Schmidt diverts the river we’re as good as dead.”
One of the patients that Shuri evaluated looked more like a bundle of wounds than anything else. Natasha met Steve and Tony, her expression dark. “It’s terrible. The whole of America has gone crazy. We have to do something.”
“Yes, sir.”
Steve chuckles but it dies down too quickly. “I slept – on the plane. Or jet, I think you called it jet. Yeah. Jet.” His eyes never land on Tony; they jump and leap about the room.
“Within my parameters, yes.  I have a visual interface through the digital art set up. I am functional within the laboratory, the art room, and Mister Stark’s lab office. I am not functional throughout the building, the living space, or Mister Stark’s regular business office. I do maintain some of the building’s facilities though.”
Sighing, Steve rises to his feet and takes Tony’s hand. “I hope you don’t mind getting your feet stepped on.”
Steve clamps his mouth shut but a glimpse over to the passenger seat and Tony detects it again – the slight quaking of his shoulders, his hands as he holds the phone. Tony reaches to him and clasps his hand.
“We are what comes after.” Natasha kept her voice soft, almost tender, as if she spoke to a frightened child. He would have blown up except her expression stayed gentle because she didn’t want to spook him. “Vampires are the state of in-between. They are neither alive nor dead. It’s a transition. Some fail and only go on to waste away in the wraith state. Others, very few, are lucky enough to be transformed.”
Steve ambles into the parlor one morning, still tired from the previous night’s work. His client, General Fury, had been quite a workout and he’s still a little sore. Natasha gave him some specialized lotion and it’s working wonders as he snuggles into cushioned chair in the corner to read through his next week of clients. He likes to prepare himself – do a little homework to make them feel special. He thinks he’s getting the hang of it. Wanda’s been a wonder helping him get clues from unknown clients and known clients alike. She tells him he’s a natural and he blushes at her compliments.
“I don’t know. I’ll go if you want to,” Steve says as he closes the oven. He’s not looking at Tony. He’s gone to the cupboard to pull out a bag of potatoes he brought.
“Now, you interacted a little with the outside world and you found out that the world is filled with assholes.”
Steve tightens his lips and thinks to himself -
Bruce only nodded and turned back to the patient. Tony squeezed Steve’s shoulder. “How about you, Cap? You okay?”
Nothing shows him why or how Captain America survived, nor why he ended up in a flea bitten apartment with little to no support system and an occupation as a prostitute. “Well, something has to give.” Tony needs to find out what else is known by the government on Captain America’s disappearance. A little snooping never hurt anyone. But he needs to know where to snoop. There’s only one person who might be able to give him more information.
Steve sinks down onto the floor. His mind a whirlwind of images. Touching himself has been out of the question. Every time he’s tried just to relieve tension, it’s been a disaster. He watched his hand grasp his erection and it would be Peggy, over him, her hand stroking him. He would lose it then, end up a wreck. Not from a satisfying climax but a horrifying moment of pure self-hatred and guilt. But then there was this afternoon, when he ached to touch himself and think about Tony’s dusky hand against his pale skin, grasping him, holding him until he jerked to completion. Even now when he thought of it, his cock twitched and throbbed in his jeans. He closes his eyes, thinking of it. Remembering the images, he just saw.
“You thought about our first time?” Steve says and his hand touches Tony’s wrist. “Really?”
The leader points to the south. “We told him the lion goes that way. We tell you the lion went -.” He points in the opposite direction. “Go and save him before Hunter comes back.”
“Yeah?”
Tony grimaced as he said, “I can’t get any read out from JARVIS about where they are or where Natasha might be.” He tapped a communications earbud he had in his right ear. “Nothing. I can’t fucking believe they got into my AI.”
Before Steve could answer, the door to the workout area of the hotel swung open and Tony charged in. “Oh, for God’s sake, there you are. Shit, I’ve been looking everywhere for you. I thought maybe you jumped off the building or fucking put yourself in the hotel freezer.” Steve jerked in surprise as Sam chuckled. “It’s bad enough the Prince of Hammers is still having a fit about the soul mark – which I have to admit you might need to deal with it because Bruce and Thor together it’s getting very, very weird. Reminds me of a buddy cop comedy gone horribly wrong.”
