Sam agreed. “Besides, we still have to get it out of here and find a place to bury the body. Plus, no offense, but you and Cas are covered in sewer slim and you smell like shit. We should probably just take care of this mess and head back to the motel.”
He picked up his phone and leaned back against the headboard with his knees drawn up. He pressed 'replay' on the last video and it started over with him at the hotel watching Cas' attempt to striptease. Cas' shirt came off and Dean watched himself running his hands over his friend's hips and pressing his mouth to the warding tattoo. He thought about wanting to do that before, once or twice when an errant thought escaped before he could quell it. Cas was right; his inhibitions may have been lowered, but Dean knew he meant everything he had said and did the night before. He just didn't know how to say that out loud.
Sam smiled and looked away to give them a little privacy. He was tired of their constant PDA, but it was Christmas and he knew how Dean felt about the former angel (and pie, of course). He regretted it almost immediately when a low moan came from across the table and he realized the couple had obviously forgotten he was still in the room with them. Sam cleared his throat, as he often had to do to break them apart, even before they were together.
Cas changed angles to graze Dean's prostate, sending a spasm of pleasure through the hunter's entire body. "It involved costumes." The angel hit his prostate with every other thrust, reducing Dean to a keening mess unable to respond, so he continued speaking, "I was looking forward to wearing my hat."
'They're not even listening,' Shelby giggled, keeping the camera focused on the passionate kiss going on between the two men.
“It's just a thing,” she said, waving off an explanation. “So, Dean, I'd ask what's new with you but I think Sam filled me in on everything. Speaking of which, where's that dreamy angel of yours?”
“I told you already, I want this.” Dean pressed another kiss to the corner of his mouth. “And no matter what, you're not going to lose me. We're family, man.” He kissed down Cas' cheek to whisper in his ear. “Just not literally family because then
it. Did you not consider that I'm capable of making my own decisions and that you should respect them?”
“I contacted a rescue in Des Moines,” Sam continues, “but they couldn’t take them until Monday, which is why we needed to stay the weekend in Iowa. They told us how to care for them until then, so we got what we needed and took them back to the motel.”
. This was not something they had done yet and Cas needed to know that Dean was ready for it. He used the tip of his finger to massage around the muscle at Dean's hole before slowly pushing the first finger in. He waited for Dean to relax around him and then began working into him. When Dean started to push his body into it, Cas eased in a second finger and moved them around, scissoring him open. When the third finger was in, Cas hit his prostate and Dean's body convulsed with pleasure. His hips buckled and he pushed back, fucking himself on Castiel's long fingers.
"I found a recipe for apple pie," Cas said to Dean when he had cleared his plate. "It looks complicated, but I would like to try it." Dean placed a hand on Cas' thigh and squeezed when he heard
Dean takes the offered drink because he needs the caffeine but keeps up his interrogation. "What kind of buildings, Cas?"
Kevin chuckled to himself. Sometimes he was glad he was too valuable to risk going on hunts. They didn't seem very fun. He made his way to his room to continue work on the Angel tablet and let his friends sleep off whatever horrors the Sunshine State had brought down upon them.
Looking around, Dean found a pile of their clothes on the other side of the bed and groaned inwardly when he found a second dildo next to their discarded pants. It was a dark red, ridged, with a large purple head, and was a little smaller than the black one - which was still buzzing wildly under the bed. Dean quickly removed the pink lingerie and put on his boxers and jeans. Once he was dressed he braced himself to wake up his sleeping friend.
“Is that the only reason you're doing this?” Cas asked, a slight panic to his voice. “You don't owe me anything, and if you did, this is not how I would want to be repaid.”
“I don't require you to reciprocate, Dean,” Cas assured. “I would like the try it, if you're willing.”
“Not yet,” Cas responded and went to the dresser to gather up his new toys and brought them to the bed. “I have work to do first.”
"Why?" Dean asked confused. The men were fairly overweight and while the hunting life did often lead to some unhealthy habits (copious amounts of junk food and booze) it did at least tend to keep a person in shape.
“What happens when you change your mind again?” Cas asked seriously. “I can't keep doing this with you, Dean. Eventually I'll have to leave your side for good and I'm afraid that would destroy me.”
“Do it again!” Cas demanded and somehow managed to keep the authority in his tone despite the fact that he was quickly becoming a keening mess.
“We waited too long already.” Cas immediately threw his arms around Dean, crushing their mouths together. Dean responded hungrily and moved them towards the bed. He wasn't expecting it when Cas flipped their positions and pushed him back onto the mattress. Cas climbed on the bed and wasted no time stripping them both of their shirts. He ran his palms over the toned muscles of Dean's chest and bent down to suck on the skin over his heart briefly before moving on to run his tongue over the anti-possession tattoo. Dean shuddered at the feeling and moaned when Cas' mouth moved down to one of his nipples, copying what the hunter had done to him a few hours before. Dean had never cared much for nipple play, but the sensation of Cas' lips mixed with the slight scratch from his stubble – because the lazy bastard refused to shave regularly – and the damn ex-angel was already turning him into a writhing mess. He was so lost in the feeling of it that he didn't notice Cas had managed to unbutton his pants until they were being pulled away from his body.
look intimidating if the former angel's mouth hadn't been red and swollen from being sucked on by his horny older brother.
“Holy crap that's hot!” Dean said and sat up to push their lips together. Cas took the lead, his tongue swiping over Dean's teeth then probing his mouth as he forced Dean to sit back against the headboard. He positioned himself over the hunter and pushed Dean's legs together, straddling his thighs.
Dean was thrown backwards, losing his gun in the process and crashed into a pile of stacked pallets.
Cas strokes him from the base to the tip and Dean’s cock throbs as he pushes into the fist surrounding him. Heat pools in his gut, the dual sensation of having Cas in him and around him, making his release imminent. It only takes a few more jerks and Dean’s back is arching off the mattress and his orgasm hits with a guttural moan, come shooting out to land on his chest and stomach. Cas’ motions slow as he works Dean through it, milking out the last few drops and letting them trickle down his fingers.
When they went inside, Sam and Dean made their way over to speak with the employee behind the register. Neither noticed when Cas wandered off to check out the merchandise.
“This is different,” Dean said and sounded more like he was trying to convince himself rather than Cas. “Illegal substances were involved. It doesn't count.”
“Nothing,” Dean scoffed and went to put his bag in the trunk. “You know how grumpy he is before he's had his morning coffee.”
Dean clenched his jaw and glared at his brother. “We'll talk about that in a little bit,” he said to Charlie and led them towards the lounge.
That statement was followed by two loud thuds and a crash that shook the whole wall. Afraid his brother was getting his ass handed to him, Dean let go of Cas, ordering Kevin to take him to the car and he ran back into the restroom. To his relief, and surprise, Sam was perfectly fine. Two of the men were slumped on the floor with blood dripping from their noses, and Sam had the third man pinned to the wall. A faded painting of a cowboy on horseback had been knocked down and the frame was smashed on the cheap linoleum floor. As Dean's eyes landed on his brother, Sam pulled the man's head back and slammed it into the wall, breaking his nose with a sickening crack. The man howled in pain and dropped to the floor as soon and Sam released him.
“I'll give you guys some time,” Sam said and gestured to the window where he could see Cas outside waiting for them by the car. “Make it right, Dean.”
Dean pushed himself back with every thrust forward, slamming against Cas' bucking hips. A low, deep groan escaped Cas' lips and Dean knew the angel was about to abandon all pretense of control. Cas slid his hands up Dean's legs and held on to his ankles as he spread Dean further and propelled forward, going impossibly deeper.
Dean shook his head. “Why do I feel like this whole damn thing has been a conspiracy to get me to open up about my feelings?”
Oh. On one hand, Dean's relieved that they weren’t acting sketchy because they had somehow started another apocalypse in the Hawkeye State, on the other... "You let him drive Baby?"
“Y’know, part of the excitement comes from slowly undressing your partner,” Dean informed, amused with the ex-angel’s eagerness.
"Thankfully," Sam continued, "my iPod was charged so I didn't have to listen to it that long. Still, I barely got any sleep thanks to you two jerks."
"Oh, yeah," Dean smiled. "The plan's still good. Tonight was one of those... whatchacallit... miscalculations... of geography, but that ain't the plan's fault. It'll work next time."
“Warm it up next time,” he said, but they both knew he wasn't upset. He moved his hand down to feel it but Cas caught his wrist and held him back.
“Sure.” Sam side-eyed his brother, not buying a word of it. Dean had been shot, stabbed and even ripped apart by Hellhounds in the past; a little paper clip in the foot was nothing compared to all that. “Whatever.”
He knows Cas will be good for Sam, too. His brother’s life has been a goddamn horror show and he deserves to be with someone who understands that. Dean’s not sure why Sam never mentioned that he was into dudes, but it’s not like he’s been an open book about himself, either.
He passes the semi on his way back to the Impala and flips off the crazy driver. She retaliates by blaring her horn and scaring the shit out of him.
He closed his eyes and desperately tried to recall scenes from his favorite pornos, the latest issue of Busty Asian Beauties, even some of his own conquests, but everything led back to blue eyes, a deep gravelly voice and those goddamn hips with the Enochian tattoo. His dick pulsed in his hand.
"Hat?" Dean managed to squeak out as the pace quickened and the sound of grunts and slapping skin increased.
to say it was better not knowing and that they could go back to the way things were. That's what he told himself, anyway, but a part of him knew it wasn't true. He
Cas didn't reply and Dean heard him move away to do something else in the other room. He finished dressing, took a deep breath and swung the bathroom door open.
Sam knew he really would be laughing at Dean's predicament if he weren't so unbelievably uncomfortable.
Dean pulled the bag from the trash bin- which was thankfully empty except for the cock ring- and made quick work of throwing all of the sex toys he found into it. He ignored Cas' curious stares when he pulled open the nightstand drawer and retrieved the lube and anal beads. When they were sure that every trace of their night had been cleaned up, they went down to meet Sam in the lobby.
Cas pulled his hand away and a moment later the plug stopped moving. “I was teaching you a lesson about taking things that don't belong to you,” he said matter-of-factly and held up the small control to emphasize his point.
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose. "I know, Cas, but the point is to get out of the bunker. We haven't had a case in a while and frankly, we're all getting a bit stir crazy. Sam and Kev are going too; it'll be fun." Dean laid on a charming smile that almost never failed to seal the deal, no matter what the circumstances.
Pressure was building, a warning that it would be over soon so he pushed up harder, faster, aiming for the spot. Cas wrapped a hand around his cock and stroked, thrusting into his fist then back down, matching Dean's movements as the hunter bucked his hips.
“Fine, stop nagging. I'll talk to him.” Dean scooted his chair back and stood up. “You take care of the check.”
. The gravity of it suddenly hit him and he buried his face in his hands. Why did he always fuck things up? Cas had outed himself and Dean knew he had responded like dick. He didn't blame Cas for not wanting to be in the same room with him.
'Are you recording?' the redhead they knew to be Shelby asked. 'Oh my gawd, can you believe he left you with all of his stuff. They don't even know
There’s a vibration on the wall behind Dean's head and a faint thumping echoes through the room, barely carrying over the sound of their combined moans and slapping skin. Inaudible curses accompany the banging coming from the angry occupant next door and without warning Dean’s being spun around and carried across the room, still impaled on Cas’ cock, and they fall together on top of the nearest bed.
Dean grabbed Cas by the arm and pulled him over to the car door, pushing him in the backseat before he could protest. Kevin reluctantly climbed in after him and Dean took his place in front. Sam wasted no time speeding away from the bar (and crime scene) and headed for the bunker.
"In case it wasn't clear, I'm really happy for you," Sam said sincerely. "But next time you guys decide to get it on with me in the next room,
“Well, for starters, there's more to romantic relationships than whether or not the sex stuff is good.” Dean was startled, never having thought he'd say those words and actually mean them. “I think I know how you feel about me, and I care about you, but I'm not exactly sure what I want right now. I need some time to figure that out.”
"Dean, get Cas out of here," Sam ordered. "Look guys," he said turning to face the other two angry men. "We're all a little drunk and we're not trying to start trouble." He released the man he was holding as a gesture of good faith just as Dean was pulling Cas though the restroom door.
Cas' cock felt warm and solid in his hand, and Dean licked his lips to prepare them. “I might not be very good at this so just tell me if I do something you don't like.”
“Fuck! We got rolled,” Dean said coming out of the bathroom, after taking a moment to relieve himself.
Dean grinned proudly and stood up. Nothing he loved more than showing off his most prized possession. “Yeah, she's a-” he trailed off when he saw the two men standing a few feet away admiring his car. It may have been a couple of months, but he instantly recognized the redneck douchebags they encountered at the local bar. The men turned to look at him when he spoke and Dean could tell by their faces they recognized him as well. That surprised him somewhat given how shitfaced they were, but then again, he supposed they
“What do you want, Dean? I was 'on a roll',” Cas said, using air quotes – which Dean knew he now only did to annoy him – and refused to sit down when Dean gestured to the bed.
“Very much,” Cas answered and moved his mouth over Dean's cock again, lowing himself as far as his position would allow then sliding back up.
“No, I also wanted to apologize for the way I've been acting lately.” He took a step closer to the other man. “I shouldn't have pushed you away, but I had to figure things out.”
“Yes.” Cas sat up on his elbow and gestured at the nipple clamps. “Try to remember that when I take those off.”
“What about the two of you?” Dean snaps back. “It’s not like either of you gave a shit about hurting me when you started sleeping together.”
Dean wants to point out that it wasn't worth staying at all but he hasn't had coffee yet and not in the mood for his brother’s bitching. "So, how was the sightseeing in
Dean tilted his head and looked down at the man laying half on top of him. Cas had his arm draped over the hunter's broad chest, his face buried against his side and all Dean could see was a dark nest of ridiculously tousled hair. Cas mumbled something unintelligible and burrowed closer to the warmth of Dean's body; his morning wood quite evident against Dean leg.
He lowered himself down on the hard mattress of the motel bed and tried to process everything that happened. That had been the longest discussion he'd had with the former angel months, and certainly one of the only chats they've ever had regarding
They held each others' gaze - far longer than Sam thought two completely “straight” guys normally would - only breaking out of their private moment when Sam decided he had enough and forced an awkward cough.
Cas responded by increasing the speed of his movements, pulling back, then thrusting in with a little more force. Dean could tell by his expression he was holding back, fighting the urge to drive into him furiously.
Of course Castiel noticed those things, but at the time assumed Dean was just being overly considerate of his feelings after having his grace so brutally ripped from him.
"Dean-" Cas' breath hitched when the hunter tugged on the waistband of his boxers and freed his half-hard cock. "Dean! We're in the kitchen. Someone might come in here."
Another scene started with Dean slowly pulling off Cas' boxers. The camera zoomed in on Cas' dick laying heavy against his stomach and the head glistening with precome. Dean blocked the shot when he moved back up Cas' body and straddled him.
Cas doesn’t seem convinced but he thankfully doesn’t question it. “Sam and I are going into town for groceries. Would you like to take a break and accompany us?”
“Hell yes,” Dean answered hopefully. He'd never received a blowjob while driving and it sounded hot as shit.
"Tell me what I do in your sexy dreams," Dean breathed against his neck. "I'm gonna make 'em come true."
may have fooled him once upon a time, but it was a lot harder to believe now that he was frequently subjected to overhearing the ungodly noises his friend made in the throes of passion with his older brother. He was honestly happy for them both, but was it necessary to be so damn
They decided to stop at a department store first so Cas could pick out a few new clothes. Dean was noticing a slight addition of color to the former angel's wardrobe, although he still seemed to prefer things that were dark (and a little tight, but that was
“Dammit, I hate my life,” Kevin mumbled as the over-sized Winchester and redhead laughed at his misfortune. He hoped Dean and Castiel would be considerate enough to wash their own spunk soaked sheets, but he knew he'd never be so lucky.
.” Then the detective flicks the visor of his armor down and returns to a more familiar version of himself. Drops Cas in favor of buttoning his jacket, leaving and slamming the door behind him.
“Holy fuck,” Dean growls, wincing at the loud music blasting through speakers, “what the hell are we supposed to do now?”
He hears Dean sigh behind him, splashing in his wake. “I got a nagging feeling I’m gonna regret this.”
Too focused on seeming normal, and failing at it, time bends around Cas. Or knowing his intent, the precinct helped him reach the lobby without interference because it could no longer tolerate Cas’s nonsense. Cas cares little for the actual reason, too glad he escapes into freedom.
“Nowhere far, just off the dance floor.” They reach the perimeter, crowd thinned and weak; Cas releases his hold on Dean. Shrugs his shoulders, blessedly smiling at him. “Where you go and... what you do next, well – that’s up to you.”
Mia’s journal was open again and rapidly taking notes, her attention diverted towards Dean. “I’m guessing that’s not how you’re feeling about all this, then?”
She slipped the photograph between the cabinet mirror and its frame, thumb tracing the profile captured there. Her body roiled with change. Her cracking bones echoed within this small space, bouncing off tiles as she changed to better fit what she saw. In the process, Mia stripped free of her clothes. Then, she peeled away her dark skin for something lighter and, by her guess, calloused.
“Cas…” Dean drags a tired hand over his mouth, brows settling above his aggravated gaze. “Going to this party, dressing like this is one thing… but I can’t let you, and
“Jack,” Castiel winks and shoots an imaginary gun at him, “You are the best son in the world and deserve all the cookie flavored cereal!”
Castiel growls; spinning around harshly, his tail no doubt splashes at Dean. “You don’t need me for my knowledge of human things… my talents lie elsewhere. Now come, underwater.”
? You think…” Dean didn’t finish, speechless at the insanity Sam presented. He and Sam, raising Lucifer’s kid? He and Sam, sheltering the baby who ruined their lives? He and Sam… “I hate to break it to you, Sammy,” he continued, his voice returning, “but this ain’t the nineties. We can’t have it all,
?” He starts hyperventilating, clawing at his neck. His lips turn blue, and Dean rasps out for help.
“And did a whole bunch of other things,” Dean affirms, nodding. He rolls out of the embrace, still holding Cas’s hands. “But like we said, we can talk about this later. Night Sam… Jack!”
“It’s where we go when we die,” Dean explains, “People believe in it… when our bodies stop working this other part of ourselves… a soul… drifts on up to this place beyond the clouds. Angels are kind of like the caretakers of this place… made by God.”
With how Castiel moves, effortless and graceful, Dean bets he likes dancing. And if Castiel likes dancing, Dean wonders, truly, how bad it can be.
in here, there are so many people,” she scoffs, “And the windows are bolted – for some reason – so it’s not like you can get fresh air
Not deterred, Jack figured that if he couldn’t have what he wanted he would give it to himself through the written word. A story where his family hops into the Impala and drives. Spending the day together because family trumped whatever errands needed running or chores piling up. Although halfway through writing it he realizes the story can’t end with them still in the car. The next logical step would involve them stopping at a destination. If only he had a globe he could spin, or a map of the United States to toss a dart at. Dean would ground him if he noticed a dent in the giant map in the Bunker's main room. So Jack relies on all he learned so far.
“Around!” Cas’s muscles stiffen, nails digging into his palms. “People… this guy I met at an AA whose nephew –“
Which is why he’s happy for them. Left the bar so they can chat without his presence. Catch up, let Sam tell her about those kitschy tourist traps they’ve been hopping between since Chuck’s defeat. Show pictures of Dean in an upside-down house, Sam’s head peeking out from corn fields. Hold hands. Sit on the same side of the booth.
Cas shudders through the memory, returning to the present. “If I lived my life based on the expectations of others… it’d be no life at all. Certainly not
grown, not because of Chuck or despite of Chuck… but on my own terms. And you’re still here, with me.”
Dean claps him on the back, easing into Cas’s space. Lifts his duffel, twining the fingers on Cas’s free hand with his. Drops a small kiss on the seam of the other man’s lips – another rarity. He told Sam about their final moments in that closed room, the Empty closing in on them. Confessions of love ripped from their beings in the seconds where they were still together. Then saw those repeated declarations of love as Cas returned.
Dean gasped, curling in on himself, hands glued to the wheel. His body seized with sobs that bruise, each tremor punching his gut. He used what little strength he had and glanced at his reflection. That speck on his rearview, that he foolishly clawed at, didn’t disappear; it was caught in his bloodshot eyes.
“Think about it,” she insists, “If all the cops suddenly joined the hippies… who else would they have to complain about? Blame on the world’s problems? They could not rise up against anyone because there was nothing to rise up against. And police? Hippies provided the perfect opportunity for them to release some of the pent-up frustration they have since, these days, firing hoses and roughing up those colored thugs is now viewed so poorly thanks to that black preacher bastard in the South.” Cas claws at his pants, knowing if he struck her now, he might never hear a clue he desperately needs.
Kaia does, silently. Tips her head and arches a brow. Claire rolls her eyes, “Yeah, he might act like a narc sometimes when it comes to me. But Cas is pretty groovy most of the time.”
Dean wondered if, one day, he might shatter so completely gathering those pieces might prove impossible. He has his answer, at the worst possible moment.
He lingers. He opens his phone, closes it, then slips it back into his pocket. Sam mutters an unintelligible phrase at them, shoving Dean from where he stood. Dean blindly navigates his way towards the exit, seeing nothing but Castiel’s shrinking face that disappears once they step outside.
“A gift?” A strange feeling washes over him, like standing on the beach at the beginnings of a storm. Waves crash onto the shore at a distance, dark clouds on the horizon. In the next hour those grey puffs shoved their way over clear blue, ocean following their wake. Only fools remain, then, uncaring how saltwater rushes over their shins in places she could hardly reach earlier.
The first website seemed innocent enough, so he clicks it. Reading, Jack starts noticing how similar the details within matched what he knew of Sam and Dean. Jack scrolled up towards the top and found the ‘About’ section.
Cas pries the door loose, almost ripping it off its hinges as pull Dean forward into a searing kiss. Dean smiles into it, letting Cas take lead. Dean’s gift were the panties. Cas’s gift is putting in the work to get them
The light gets brighter, closer. Castiel squints, not looking directly at it so as not to fall under the same spell Dean was. He knows he doesn’t have much time to get them out from there. Thinking about the danger that might befall them – befall
“Hi Jack,” Sam says, glancing up for a brief second, “You are great and amazing, have I told you that yet?”
Dean’s knees bend, and he jerks his thumb while rolling his hips. “Well?” he asks, “are you gonna dance or what?”
“There’s this lake nearby,” Sam says, “It’s really beautiful… usually you’d see a whole bunch of people there, but -”
“Excuse me,” Mia interrupted, drawing Sam away from Jack to her. He kept his thumb and forefinger looped around Jack’s wrist. “You didn’t
“We don’t keep our real names,” she sighs, “it’s… part of the whole thing. You give that up along with all other aspects of your past life. So I – I wouldn’t know of a Jack.” Kaia gifts him a sad smile, squeezing his wrist. “But I did see someone who – if he’s who you’re looking for. He goes by Wind Crest.”
Sam entered the kitchen, Cas at his side with a tome held open in his hands. Their conversation withered as they took in the scene they walked in on. “Hey,” Sam said, shuffling his way to them, “what’s going on?”
He pauses by the craft store three doors down and faces his reflection. Takes his sunglasses off and steps between the couple conversing on the sidewalk below for a clearer picture. The transparent reflection stares at him with a heavy brow and hazy blue eyes. Cas frowns at his hair, running his hands through and then rubbing them on his green-and-yellow striped button-down. While oily, none of it added to the patchwork of stains on his shirts. Although the dark spot on the thigh of his brown corduroys were new. He adjusts the hem of his shirt so it covers most of it. Pats at his hair again – from the roots of his mane to where the ends curl near his shoulders – and suddenly grins. Nothing in his teeth. Cas lowers the intensity into a more casual indifference, and steps back. His golden face disappears, replaced by a cheaply painted sunrise retailing for twenty-five dollars.
. Recovered best he could and shouldered his pain. Allowed those seconds of grief, then used it as fuel. Whereas Dean drags his suffering into eternity. Mourns his best friend, and their lost potential. A stolen future. Years spent in denial.
His actions rile up the calmer of the two but doesn’t provoke more of a reaction than a wobbled lip. The agent smooths his hands down his jacket, scowling. “Apologies, my name is Special Agent Mick Davies, and my associate,” Mick growls, jabbing the other with his elbow, “is Special Agent Arthur Ketch. We work for the FBI.” At that, they produce their badges in practiced synchronicity.
Cas nods in a somber fashion. “I will admit it great shock… if you do not mind question, ah… why is he no longer with the company?”
“Well the last three bums who stood where you were asked for the former.” Her lips twist ever downwards, and she wrings her hands together. “If you don’t mind… I’m waiting for someone.”
Dean stumbles to lean against the wall, one hand pressed against his mouth as if to prevent vomit. Jack ignores his theatrics; already sure Dean won’t be doing any of that. Instead he focuses on the entryway where the third player should be coming in at any moment.
“Yes, we do,” Cas insists. Continuing over further protest, “About the cult. Who was there…?” Nothing more, he doesn’t say. Nothing that Dean wouldn’t feel comfortable talking about in the sober light of day. What was learned in the shadows remains there until Dean wants to drag them from that prison. If he even carried them out of his room.
He gnaws on his lip, tapping at his chest. Suddenly, his hands flail in the water and splash a few droplets Castiel’s way. “Fine,” he says, “Whatever. I guess we’re doing this.” He points behind him, “We came from this way. Me and my…
His ears perked in familiarity as Jack used an acronym Dean recently learned, and so he tuned back in. Jack drew the phone closer to his side of the kitchen table, tapping on it. “There was this big problem with mlms actually, and even though I filtered my home page to avoid profiles like that, they kept popping up,” he said, “Luckily TikTok went ahead and basically blacklisted and deleted all mlm content. Now, I rarely see any of those kinds of content.”
There’s much left unsaid before he can begin the process of forgiveness. “You hoped the cops could help, then? Even after Sammy left?”
Like he regressed two decades, Sam stomped his foot in a very childish way. Whining, “God, Dean, can’t you be a little
Cas nods, chuckling, “I’ll bet. You probably just come here to watch. Me? Nothing good was on at home, and I didn’t have anyone waiting up for me who can do what they’re doing.” Their dancer grips the top of the cage and summersaults, landing with a fierce rattle that shakes a few misplaced bills onto the floor and earns ear-splitting applause even over the loud background music. “What about you?”
He doesn’t flinch at Cas’s pitched voice, staring firmly ahead. “Those are the orders,” he says, “we stalk the usual hangouts, watch, follow, and report back our findings. Hoping that sooner or later some parent will come in about their missing kid and we have due cause to send in a unit. So far those tactics have been shit, but Ketch and Davies are leading the charge. Can’t get them to budge on
But knowing that your absence meant nothing – that hardly anyone cared you left – was a heavy wound to recover from. Some of these missing kids had people who
“Because I already have a kid, dammit!” Nick slammed his fist on the desk, startling her, “And a wife! So whatever – whatever schoolgirl fantasies you’re deluding yourself with, you can get those out of your head right now. We need to think about this
Cas walks out of Ted Gaines’s office alone, with a pop in his step; subtly pumping the fist in celebration. He had a name! It was broad, confusing, and said nothing about the organization using it, but Cas knew it would not take long for any of that to come to light. Cas tips an imaginary hat when passing the front desk, whistling some Morrison on the way down the elevator.
“I must be pretty weird, huh,” Dean thinks aloud. He smacks his lips. They taste oddly like a morning where, after playing some hilarious prank on Sam, he came to with old socks stuffed into his duct taped mouth.
“Not until I’ve done what I’ve promised to do,” Castiel says, meeting his father’s harsh stare with his own. “Royalty are only as honorable as their word, isn’t that what you’ve told me? Why would you want me to break it?”
a place to rest, motels eating too much of his shoestring budget. Trolling campuses, digging through records for a trace of Sam. Hearing the lengths Dean went for his brother encouraged a ghost of a smile. Hidden as Cas leaned back on his hands, sitting on the floor after standing became too tiring. Enraptured by how electric Dean looked recounting a run-in with campus police.
“Crowley?” The line cut off before he could thank him. He frowned at his phone, hanging it up. A glance at the clock told him it was hurriedly ticking towards ten, and Cas had to hurry.
Nick sighs, pinching his nose. “Look, I didn’t know he was…” He glosses over the word, reigniting Cas’s rage once more. “Did he send you here, then? Revenge? Get the full story?”
Dean giggles. “Just like the Little Mermaid…” He shifts underneath him, banging against something. “Woah,” he says, “excited there, Cas?”
“That after the lecture, I stayed after with a few others and we were chatting with some of the panel guests. Then, when they left, we kept the conversation going at a nearby, all-night coffee shop. By the time I realized the time, I knew it’d be too late to go home. So
“I will,” Adam promises, drifting closer, “Along with your sides… your back… anywhere I believe you might need.” He brushes featherlight fingers across his chin, a scant distance from actually touching it. Lips stretched in a lazy smile. “If it’ll make you more comfortable, though, I’ll look away while you get settled.”
The colloquialism tickles Cas quite fiercely, a few snickers escaping. Dean doesn’t notice thankfully.
opened a gate from Hell.” Fame brought both fans and enemies. People who wanted the same Oscar-worthy performance even if the material was lackluster. Those who claimed Sam stole the case from them, used their notes. Or lied for sensationalism or whatever... and that the case should be retried. It became too much, and Sam picked up a nasty habit from their dad’s. “Got to the point where he’d be blitzed by dawn. Everyone could tell what was happening. His boss’s ordered him to clean up his act or he’ll be thrown on his ass.”
Dean scowls at him. “We’re doing the best we can, okay? No matter how much information we collect, how much of the group’s literature we gather, we still don’t know where they’re based. No matter how many kids we let them grab –“
“I’m sorry…” Dean placed a featherlight kiss to the corner of Cas’s mouth. Then, unable to bear looking at him, he wrapped the curtain over his face.
“Oh, I’m there Clarence!” Meg humps his face, come spouting and splashing. Cas removes his fingers and cleans as best he can with his tongue. Only paper towels can’t sop up an oil spill.
Dean waits a beat and then snags Cas’s wrist, the scorching touch burning through any thought that didn’t include him. “Cas,” he whispers, panicked, sweat dripping off his brow, “Go.
spread across the surface. Then he dips towards the nearby garbage can, smirking at the rolled-up magazines stuffed inside. He grabs one, flipping open a random page and whistling a low note. “Feel sorry for the kid when he comes back.” Cas places it back, bidding Miss November’s centerfold goodbye. Searching the remaining drawers, he doesn’t find much of worth. A notebook or two with scribbled notes he took, capturing tidbits of Cas’s wisdom for later use, sit abandoned under an old yearbook. Unease strikes him, but not enough he might stop his search.
His legs cross over each other. “Sounds interesting…” Cas chuckles, “I think I can spare a minute or two with some product testing. First, though, I think I should probably… freshen up?”
“Silver bullet,” Dean said, wiggling the ammunition. He uncovered his gun and loaded the bullet back inside it. “Only silver thing I had on me that you wouldn’t notice.” Dean shifted his stance, holding tight to his gun’s handle with a finger hovering near the trigger. “Though I bet you’ll notice it better after I’ve blasted it into your skull.”
Finally, Cas moves onto the last drawer. Bigger than the other two, he slowly slides it so the hinges won’t scrape the floor.
He pinches his brow, sighing. “Her obsession with this Steinem woman is going to be the death of me…” Jimmy whispers under breath. Not quietly enough, Claire’s expression darkening.
He had been unknowingly controlling his family through his writings. Jack pulled their strings where he wanted them to go, turning them into mere puppets.
He has an easier go navigating this time, more confident about where the ‘box’ Dean wrote about waits. While not a huge fan of police as a concept, he finds their procedural shows compelling. Mainly because he shouts at his television screen while the propaganda tapes reel onwards, convincing most of America that cops are useful. Between insults, he gleaned a few important tidbits of information. One helped him locate Dean’s desk by
Rude, but not an inaccurate description. “Well that at least explains why there aren’t any AA’s in the area,” Cas says, “different vices, different needs.”
wings splayed beside him like oddly bent branches. Dean blindly descended, too focused with Cas’s form than the stairs. When his feet reached solid, uneven ground, Dean slowed to a glacial pace. Cas didn’t react.
“Mr. Shit, Dean,” Cas interrupts, kicking the door open and striding past the threshold, “I did take your last name, after all.”
“A book,” Cas repeated, hands shaking, teeth grinding, “Heavily anticipated. People really want to know what happened to your husband… one of those things like when people rubberneck car crashes? The publishing company promised that it would bring a lot of acclaim… maybe even to the people I feature in it?”
“With Dean?” Sam asks, eyebrows bouncing. They were as lively when Jack described the stories he wrote where Dean and Castiel became a couple. Though he said nothing, it was obvious Sam delighted in the tension crackling between the two.
A missing Jack. Flyers and the strange people who printed them. An abandoned building with working electricity and now Dean Winchester. Too many coincidences for Cas to tune out the whole experience as one bad trip. He is plummeting down this rabbit hole at frightening speed.
He heard the gun click before he saw it, felt the cold muzzle of it knock into his head, right above his ear. Mia gasped where she stood, and Dean kept repeating Sam’s name like a siren. Sam glanced to the side, seeing the man from earlier holding the gun. “Put that down,” Buddy ordered, punctuating his threat by shoving the gun even closer.
Cas scans the immaculate living space and cannot match its tidiness with the man he knew. Jack, a boy who walked around with stains on his shirt and, more than once, left even Cas’s office messier than when he arrived. Now, though, nothing is strewn about the shag carpeting and his bed looks neater than a hotel’s. He scowls, blame already placed in his mind.
“Y’know if you wanted to have me over, you could’ve just asked,” Cas says, sarcasm deflecting from the pain as Dean locks the cuffs tight over his wrists.
“Aren’t important,” small man says, “If you don’t mind, sir, we can wrap this up in less than an hour. If you would please retake your seat and –“
From what Jack tore, he guesses it must be the header. Because the numbered list that remains, decorated with a broken border of flowers and interweaving vines, make no sense.
His guest needs more time taking in her surroundings. “Your secretary is out?” she asks, nose scrunched. When Cas nods, she asks the obligatory follow-up. “When will she be back?”
He grabs its leather cord in his fist, letting the carved metal face dangle at eye-level. Rubs one tiny horn with the pads of his fingers, frown deepening while the totem dances. Its fascinating oddness wore off since he nabbed the amulet. Regret camped out comfortably in his chest. Cas pinches his brows, “Why did I grab this creepy thing?”
“Oh it would,” she tells him, “but it wasn’t exactly what he fed me and everyone else.” Kaia dips her head, close enough Cas can hear her whispering through grit teeth. “It must’ve been fate. I didn’t mean to, but I found myself in his secret meditation room, I… he preaches to us, about how we need to let go of all Earthly tethers. Connect with the infinite, to prepare for when he would ask of his children to make great sacrifices. We hardly slept, and when we did it was on hardwood floors – one blanket between five people. Days either filled with tasks or meditation, barely any time for food. And no modern conveniences because they led us astray from the pure path. And we did all that, without asking any questions. But we should have. Like why the fuck did he have a telephone in his private chambers? A safe, and a box with rabbit ears poking out the top? Not what you’d expect to aid with centering yourself in the universe…”
Dean toys with his amulet. He stares at the shoreline, floating alongside Castiel who watches him. They’ve been like this for a long while, unmoved by the final strokes over to the finish line.
Charles’s anger drains into a strange curiosity not unlike his own. Castiel would rather the former emotion streaked across his father’s face like squid ink than what is there now. At least Castiel knows how to navigate his father’s rage like their oceans.
“Excuse me?” The secretary behind the front desk looks past the rims of her glasses and at him, lips pinched tight. “Mr. Zymcka? Mr. Gaines will see you now.”
Cas’s heart stutters, and he chokes somewhat. Dean drapes smugness artfully over his face, the expression chipping a horrid sculpture into Cas’s patience. “She has a son?”
Dean nods, wringing his hands. “I’m not looking for a fight either. I’m… I think it’s time we talked.”
Luckily, her pad is close. Cas parks at the usual spot beside a phone booth. Dials her number and waits for an answer. First, it’s the mechanical voice on the other end demanding why he didn’t pay the fee. “It’s a collect call,” he sighs, hitting the handle against his temple when the ringing continues. By the sixth ring, the bells cut off and he hears her.
“I remember feeling like how you described when I chose to take on grace again and become an angel. There were things I missed… that I couldn’t experience without a soul,” Castiel tells him, “However there were also other things that I could still do even if I had no soul. I leaned into them – leaned into
.” He pokes the bear, marking his exit with a bow and straightening only when his ass hits the fence. When that happens, Sergei is nowhere he can see. A win, in his books.
dope so you can focus long enough. I should have gotten an ‘A’. Pellegrino gave me that ‘D’ because I rejected the first kind he offered me.” Janet hurried off, cursing, wiping at the few tears trailing across her cheeks.
He’s thrown onto his back, a hand around his neck. Chuck expressionless while he struggles, looking almost bored. “Nothing, Castiel,” he says, “I have nothing planned.”
“Of course, with hunting for Sammy as my main focus, I let certain things run wild without my knowledge. Like my hair…” Dean ran careful fingers through his overly gelled locks, grimacing as they crunch. “I got my fair share of harassment from the locals… and the police… thinking I was some laze-about looking to score or cause some ‘
Now, hearing about Dean’s ‘hunch’, Sam ground his teeth and refrained from speaking his mind. He told himself that this case, Dean’s attitude, was part of the healing process. Some point down the line, Dean will be in a better place where he wouldn’t have to handle his brother with kid gloves. Only days have passed since they lost their mom, an ally, a virtual stranger, and their best friend. If Sam applied pressure too fast, too hard, he might crack Dean’s already fractured well-being into a larger mess where there’d be no hope of repairing. He shouldn’t take any unnecessary risks with his brother’s well-being.
“Disassociating, maybe,” Cas suggests, “Common practice when faced with combative and inescapable situations.”
Cas lolls his head towards Andy, opening a bleary eye. Andy’s hands are tightly locked on the steering wheel, chin lowered with barely an inch of space between it and wheel. Idling at a green light, Andy found himself worried by other matters. “Probably seeing things, dude…”
The more Jack dug through his stories, the easier it became to see the connecting dots. Every time he wrote a story, his fathers would follow along - going as far back to the time Jack stumbled upon Sam in the library.
“’Bout this many,” he answers, hand open. Dean hums, considering the number. “Maybe one or two more. Or less? I must’ve lost count…” He shrugs, sipping at his latest drink. “S’okay, though, I once drank this meathead trucker under the table. A whole bottle of ol’ Jack at this… roadhouse off a highway somewhere east a’here.” Vodka sloshes with each gesture while he retells the story. “So I’ve got
so supportive. Things changed when I actually started practicing.” Mia began pacing in front of the fireplace now, hand holding the cigarette bouncing with every step. “He started complaining that I never had time for him anymore, that I was letting my
“Yeah,” Dean says, smiling the easiest grin he’s seen on the other’s face yet, “Sam. My little brother… he got all the brains while I was stuck with the handsome face and people skills.”
Distract from confronting the serious possibility that in the case of Jack’s disappearance – and the disappearances of the other teens filling these stolen files, apparently – Dean has insider knowledge. And, more disappointingly,
“That you were my friend and nothing more.” Meg shifted onto her side, a crease between her brows. It was about this time she dyed her hair blonde, a few strands falling over her face. “You don’t mind that we’re not, right? I know we’ve never discussed it except I… I’m not really looking for that sort of thing. Never have. Those heart swoony breathless moments every girl hopes for, I’ve never seen the point to. I hope that doesn’t sour things… because I don’t think I can ever love you, but I really like you.”
“I hope you plan on a different theme for next year’s costumes,” Cas warned, “I don’t know if Harrison Ford can carry us any further than today.”
He’s back in the bar. He must be. How else could he hear this overwhelming, earsplitting ringing. The kind that makes him stagger, slump against the closest surface and collapse there into a tiny ball, protected from the voice that somehow talks louder than that goddamn ringing. The monster’s voice. The one that sounds strangely similar to his dad’s. Angrily shouting, calling him names. “I’m not,” he said, as always, “I’m
. It’d be whoever made those stupid rules to begin with. Part of a cult that’s grown so large no one bats an eye at it anymore…”
Sam nodded, hitting speaker and placing the phone next to Jack’s carrier. As he did, he said, “You roll in from
Already she drew out her answer too long, and either she spoke in the next few seconds or fled to her bedroom where she’d stay awake until morning, hoping he left. The latter didn’t appeal to Mia. She promised herself that she finished running. That it wasn’t what Mia wanted to do, not anymore. Mia cleared her throat and pressed her finger on the button again. “Sure. I’ll be down in a moment.”
Reinvigorated, Jack shoots up and returns to his laptop. He chooses to write about only one of his three fathers, picking who he wishes to see happy the most.
Kelly huffs a tired breath, wiping at her cheeks. “Jack’s said that a few times, too. At least now I know where he was getting it.”
“I’m just posturing,” he snarls, glaring, “y’know, about secrets. It’s not just for kids. Sometimes parents keep them from their kids, thinking they’re protecting them. Or they keep them from those who only want to help in an attempt at keeping up appearances.”
He doesn’t know why he lit the joint. He can’t explain why, when he caught sight of the dealer half-hidden by gas station shadows, palming a dime bag into their buyer’s hand with a jerky handshake, Dean diverted from his path back to Baby. He didn’t remember flashing his fake badge or barking at the pair to face the wall and place their hands on the wall behind them, but he must have because he stood there, watching panic briefly flitting across their faces, eyes screaming for them to flee and legs that refused to listen, before complying. Dean pushed a plastic bag stuffed with jerky and candy and energy drinks he bought up his arm, then, freeing his hands to search their pockets. He stole their weed – evidence, he gruffly explained – and set them loose with a vague warning. Dean’s latest acquisition joined his other purchases, tucked safely inside. He continued on with his mission, climbing into Baby and driving the rest of the way towards his destination. These events replayed in the smoke off his first drag, joint dangling from Dean’s limp fingers. He still doesn’t know why he lit it.
Sam shrugs, “I might have… over-examined that memory of Trevor.” Sighing, Sam kicks an empty, abandoned can into the street. “I guess I was searching for a reason why Jess and my relationship ended like it did. We were going so strong I… I figured it might have been me. That I wasn’t able to love her the way she needed because I
“Exactly. A complete destruction of the American way of life. Entitled brats, thinking they deserve everything without working for it…”
card later, as well. The one he wrote using all the words Dean was too afraid to say at the altar. Little details about the way Cas hogs all the blankets when he sleeps, and how his eyes crinkle when he smiles, and that Cas’s hugs chase away dark thoughts better than any drink might’ve. There were also bigger things he mentioned, in this card. About Cas and his unwavering faith in Dean, even at times where he didn’t deserve it. About the despair that bloomed whenever Cas left his side, a bouquet of horrid, wilted roses growing rampantly over his heart and piercing it with their thorns during those awful times it seemed their last goodbye truly
“That wasn’t his fault.” Sam rested his hand over Dean’s where it rested on the refrigerator door, pleading for Dean to look at him by touch alone. Dean relented, darting his eyes for a fleeting glance. Sam’s brows were drawn in like a steep hill, and he appeared absolutely ghastly because of the refrigerator’s light. Dean fell back to his mission. “Lucifer… he set this in motion, and we’ve dealt with him.”
“I guess I’m not used to closure, is all,” he sighed, “for most of our lives, things and… and people – it all tends to be cut short. Usually, we’ve got to keep our heads up high and move on. Like with…” Sam trailed off, Eileen’s name caught in his teeth. He refused to let Eileen go and swallowed her name into the murky depths of his soul along with the other things he didn’t think about, where he stored everything that was in the way of doing his job. Because that’s what they’re here for, led there by Dean’s hunch. He couldn’t forget that. Mia’s stare burned on his profile, waiting for him to continue. He will be disappointing her. Jack’s tugging on his finger, sticking it in his mouth as he gummed it and guided Sam free from his stupor. Sam forced his mind to settle by wading into safer waters. “That might be
Dean worries his lip, looking the type of panicky that would blow their cover. He catches Cas’s stern glare, however, and does as requested. Like a snake, he sheds his nerves all over the lawn. Adopts a looser posture as he did back in Jimmy’s house. Although Dean’s smile seems more forced than before, and his twitchy hands are noticeable even hidden as they are in pants pockets. Little things that won’t get them busted; but will definitely distract Cas. Divide his concern between two mysteries. “Better?” Dean asks.
reason why we took Jack in. His mother… we knew how much she’d regret not being there for him. So by giving him a home, a family who will love him… I’m hoping it gives her comfort wherever she is. Or closure, as you might put it.”
“They kicked me out. Told me to do the right thing and spend every day trying to make up for spitting in God’s face. With my suitcase and backpack I found the nearest payphone and called a cab company to take me to campus.” Kelly chuckles, a warbled note of a canary trapped in a cave, “I wasn’t even thinking about what my parents did. I was… was too wrapped up in thinking how perfect raising a family with Nick would be. Trading off on who watched over the kids while the other fought in court, raising our own firm… But, the strangest thing happened on my way to his office. In the hallway this – this woman was leaving, and she kissed him. And I heard her tell him not to be late for dinner this time, as little Steven misses his daddy.”
“You were mesmerized by an angler fish,” Castiel explains, “They’re creatures with these hypnotic lights on their –“
He clears his throat. “So, this Institute or whatever,” Cas prompts her, “there’s nowhere else I can get this information?”
Kelly watches them with a severe frown, standing outside the dry cleaner like the first time he met her, he and Andy having stumbled on Cas’s office street without knowing. Her disapproving gaze pierces the bubble of his high, good cheer slowly hissing out the hole until it’s at its lowest point without being sober. “Fuck,” Cas drags a hand across his face, pushing his sunglasses far up on his head, “you’re not seeing things.”
Cas glances at the floor, where Dean’s shoes remained. He stuffs the socks back inside, gathers them, and jogs after the other man. Dean halfway across the parking lot when Cas called for him, “Your shoes, Dean! You forgot your shoes!”
“One moment, sir.” He stabs at the phone to his right with careful precision, picking up the handset only when the final number was hit. Cas hears it ring and squeezes his wheel, foot tapping on the pedal. “Hello, yes?” the guard says, “Mrs. Roman, there’s a man here for you. His name?” He hides the receiver against his shirt, “What did you say your name was?”
. “He,” Dean whispers, knees buckling under him, “Billie was out for blood and – and we couldn’t stop her on our own. So Cas, he…” Sam’s grip tightens on his elbow, adds another supportive touch to Dean’s armpit. Keeps him standing. Dean thanks Sam by
“Amethyst,” Dean says, shrugging, “Kinda basic but… when Adam was explaining what they all meant, this one reminded me the most of you.”
, I will be exercising my rights to not have my afternoon fucked up because of regular police incompetence. I hope
While risky, he opts for playing dumb. “Is this about the breaking and entering thing? I thought I was, like, cleared of all that?”
Dean’s shouting drags him onto his level, the tranquil façade fading. Clouds greying, a storm arriving in his features. Age showing by the lines sliced into his face. “He is… but he also isn’t. Your brother’s just one little cog on a larger machine, man. Doing what he’s being told. Creeps like this Edlund bastard, they prey on whatever weakness they find and have other people do what they want because controlling others… taking away their free will… it’s the only way they can get their kicks.”
“Sam?” Dean asks, glancing at the door. No one answers. “Sam is that you? You forget your keys or…” He checks his phone. Nothing.
“They’re kids,” Dean waves off Cas’s question, “All they wanted were the heads of this organization. Since Sam could probably be counted as part of that Prophet guy’s inner circle, I knew the target was on his back.”
Lies and charms were unnecessary when he caught sight of the man behind the counter. A memory bubbles forth from a bog he avoids whenever navigating the landscape of his mind. Of past encounters that would be better forgotten completely. Cruising late at night in a park, being approached and lead to a shadowy corner where no one would disturb them. Repeated muttering of how he could lose his job if discovered, suffocating the vibe. Fingers trembled as they tried unzipping his pants. When he finally started working him over all the nervous energy exploded, and the man burped on his dick midway through a blowjob. Cas left soon after, dick limp but unspent.
“You stole -!” Dean shudders with anger, fire pouring out flared nostrils. “How’d you even know where to look.”
Meg plays with a barrette; fixes her hair and re-clips it. “Could there have been something else bothering him?”
He let himself in, and after two more flights of stairs, Cas stood in front of his lawyer’s door. Too rattled from earlier Cas barged in, greeting Crowley with a nervous grin and muttered, “What’s up, man?”
They reached the therapist’s office at record speed. During their drive, Sam kept a careful eye on both the speedometer and Jack, his gaze bouncing between the two, ensuring they were where they should be. There were few instances where Dean sped, testing Sam’s patience. But Sam would clear his throat, and the needle rebounded into lower numbers.
Cas can’t decide whether knowing where Jack might be is a blessing or a curse. While weighing the choices, the girls slip free from his pad. Leaving him and the detective.
“Leave.” Nick’s voice took on an intimidating gruff, which would work if Cas didn’t know his bite was all bark. Plus, he could barely move while the undressed woman sat frozen on his withered dick.
Still within Creaser’s house, Cas questions if there might be some truth in plastic paranoia about dropping out.
“Now I would have loved to meet that Dean,” Cas chuckles, nudging Dean’s ankle with a pointed toe, “hippie in the making!”
be found in closure. My patients lost people in their lives suddenly, like you did, but there’s a gap in their healing because a lot of times there were words or feelings never expressed that they still clung to, that if they had a few more seconds, they would have gotten off their chests.” She turned to Sam, directing her next question at him. “Is there anything you think wasn’t said between you and your mother before she died?”
touch sliding over his back. Spreads a slick substance that makes his skin goosepimple when the air meets it. Elicits a sudden, breathy response from Dean. “Sorry,” Adam apologizes, continuing his ministrations, “probably should’ve warned you?”
can happen to a lady such as myself in a place like this.” Josie tugs hard on his sleeve, leverage so she can drop a kiss on his lips. Only Dean turns at the last second, and her lipstick smudges his cheek. Disappointment flashes across her face for a beat before she brushes it aside. “Well,” Josie continues in a more reserved tone, “it was nice meeting you.”
Closing the cabinet, he faces his reflection. Bloodshot eyes, skin sickly against the sterile tiling of the bathroom. Hair mussed in an unflattering angle. Cas hits the faucet, splashing some water on his face. Cups it and runs it over his head, sighing at the cool sensation. Then, when feeling refreshed, he shakes his head. Droplets flying across the room. Checking himself over again, Cas looks better. There’s still the problem of the splitting headache cracking his temple in two.
Jack rolls his eyes at the bickering, a somewhat normal element to this already strange plot. He stuffs his suspicions into the back of his mind and chooses to enjoy the time with his family. A picnic might be odd, but Jack doesn’t rule out coincidences. He shakily reminds himself that as he picks out a cassette from the box at his feet and shoves it into the player.
people inside. He’s still surprised as they pass the threshold, the milling bodies in this first room alone giving him pause.
Dean recoiled like he’s been slapped, squeezing the keys so hard Sam can see his hand visibly tremble. Regret rose to his ankles and then, as if a dam broke, it’s at his neck and Sam struggled to breathe. He looked from Dean to Jack, the baby’s stare was still trained on Sam like he waited to see what he will say next. Like Sam will have an answer that fixed
The tip of her joint sags while he considers the possibility. “His old lady, Kelly, said they were getting into fights. More than usual.”
missing each other. I figured it’d be easier if I spoke to him in person.” Cas glanced at her nametag, “See, Max, I’m a reporter who’s been given the go-ahead on my first autobiography. And I chose –“
The woman on the other end clucked her tongue, Cas imagining the judgmental head shake. “Mr. Roman has not lived here for quiet some time, sir, I apologize if you wasted your time –“
Dean and Sam stiffen at the word, glancing between each other. Sam frowns at him, “We have… how do you know about it?”
of his very being, Cas stands. “You want to know what happened?” he says, seething, “I finally saw what was important. Grand battles, ultimate power… they’re all meaningless if you are alone.
… to take out… to save…” Gasping, Dean lolls his head upwards. Staring up at an empty sky, sending what’s left of his sentence into the heavens.
life. “You can get away with a lot if you know the right people,” he says, hitting the gas as red becomes green.
” Dean sunk deeper into his seat, kicking Sam’s abandoned chair. “You have had friends in your life, right? I know I
he should have one. Now, he thinks back on where most precincts would keep their files. All shows hide those secrets in a dark dungeon, away from public view and protected by thick red tape. Cutting through that will be another problem, first he must find the stairs.
Saving his work, Jack puts off the idea of posting his story to find his father. Last he saw of Castiel - which was days ago - he was in the library. He starts there. Jack jumps from his room to the library, calling for his angelic father. While Castiel was somewhere else, it wasn't empty. Sam stood at one of the shelves in a weird daze, fingers trailing along the spines of a row of books.
Like Cas, Andy leaves his door unlocked. This morning it’s not only unlocked but also slightly ajar. Knocking a formality at that point, Cas pokes his head in. Any ballooning worry deflates when he spots the younger man asleep on the floor, bent at the sofa with his legs on its cushions and a greasy pizza box in his arms. Cas rolls his eyes, “Andy!” Unsuccessful, he crosses the threshold and kicks his friend’s ass.
,” he says, sarcasm heavy like the hand pouring his drinks this evening. “Special, even,” Dean continues, “don’t know how anyone could turn y’away after that.”
Kelly’s jaw twitches in anger, body trembling with more. “I care about my son,” she says, the calmness in her tone concealing the razor sharp venom surging underneath, “I’ve told you all you need. Please leave my house before I call the cops.”
Kaia steps into the fray, grabbing Claire’s wrist. “Wait, a glass from the kitchen?” she asks, “What was inside, was it the punch?”
“I told you, how a lot of my patients have things and feelings they wished they’d shared with people who were no longer with them. Sometimes… after I noticed how talking about it or grief journaling could only do so much I – I shifted. Became the person who died, but
Yesterday morning, while shoveling corn flakes and tuning into the morning news, Cas decided he would pursue the lead he discovered searching Jack’s room: the man in the photograph with Kelly. Figured tracking a professor would be easier than sifting through stolen files reeking of negative energy. With the weatherman in the background haranguing about the awful heat driving temperatures into the high nineties, Cas unfolded a large map of Los Angeles that spread like a rug on his floor. Walked across it until finding the faded print for California Statue University nearly crushed by his pinkie toe. Then, divining the distance between there and his apartment, Cas changed.
Sam finally takes notice of Castiel, turning to him. Castiel offers a small smile and a shrug. He’s swept up in a hug by the other man, crushed tight in his hold. “Thank you,” Sam says, “thank you for saving my brother.”
The next few moments happened slowly. Dean’s eyes flutter shut, face tipping closer to his. Castiel squints, unsure of what to do. His body acts for him, lips pursing in anticipation. Fins brush against each other as Castiel’s tail moves to wrap around Dean’s. There’s powerful magic brewing between the two of them, separate from the amulet Dean still wears around his neck.
lip before capturing it between his teeth. Dean thrust his hips up until they met Cas' and the friction of his cock sliding
'I know, right? It's always the hot ones,' Shelby said, wistfully. 'I don't think we're getting laid tonight.'
“Although, perhaps I should not have shared that with you, either,” Cas muttered as an afterthought.
“You comin'?” Dean asked, patting the empty space next to him, which ended up making the whole bed creak. "God, this thing's a piece of shit. Can't wait to get home to my memory foam."
“It no longer matters, Dean,” Cas said quietly. “Naomi is dead and since I have no recollection of what memories she took or why, I can't miss them. Would you like to continue?”
"Yeah, I think they can, buddy," Dean said and patted Cas on the back. "I can't believe you're already this wasted. Such a light-weight."
The angel’s eyes flash blue for a second and the shouting from the other side of the wall stops abruptly. Dean doesn’t care enough to ask because the new position allows Cas to penetrate him deeper, letting Dean feel every inch of him when Cas resumes thrusting inside. Dean pulls him down until their bodies are flush and crashes their mouths together with a desperate force. Cas’ pace increases, his movements becoming more frantic as he propels his pelvis between Dean’s spread legs. When the angle changes and Cas’ dick pushes into his prostate, Dean reaches for his neglected cock only to have his hand wrenched away. Cas silences Dean’s protest with a kiss to his jaw and carries on pounding into him vigorously, gyrating his hips, and fucking with abandon before finally taking him in his hand.
And there went the guilt Sam had been feeling. “Wow. Way to keep your movie references fresh, Dean.”
,” Dean mumbled. “And how the hell does she know about it anyway?” As far as he knew, Chuck's writing ended with the apocalypse and that stuff was never even been published.
Cas thought Dean probably would've found it hilarious, but he was too tired to find any humor in it.
"Ugh," Sam pushed his plate away and stood up. "I'm just gonna go into town for a few of hours. Maybe stop at a bar and drink myself into a blissful coma."
“So what, you just go around drugging people so they do...a buncha weird crap and then you take off with their stuff?” Dean asked. “How is that not theft?”
“So am I,” Cas growled. He sped up his movements, flicking his wrist occasionally as he pumped. His trusting picked up, becoming more erratic and he moaned into Dean's shoulder when he climaxed. Dean felt Cas spill out thick and warm over his lower back and bucked hard into the hand gripping him as he released his own load inside his dampened boxers.
"Smoke in your face again, Sammy?" Dean asked annoyed and slid himself closer to the former angel, leaning in to see the menu. Dean tried to focus on reading the menu in front of him, but found himself nearly intoxicated by the sweet scent of the mangos 'n cream shampoo Cas used. He was barely aware of how close he was to Cas now, pressed right up against him with his head resting comfortably on his friend's shoulder. He let out an involuntary "Mmm" just as Suzy the waitress returned with their drinks.
"Both," Dean answered with a charming smile. The promise of food and drink instantly putting him back in good spirits. "We'll start with beers," he said, not bothering to ask what the others wanted.
Dean laughed and turned on his side until they were facing each other. They were so close Cas could smell a trace of cinnamon from the "girly" mouthwash Dean pretended he didn't like (and claimed he had thrown away days ago).
“Cas,” Dean started, taking a quick glance at his friend. “You understand how weird this is, right?” He set his phone on the bed and ran a hand over his face. “I mean, our lives are never even a little normal, but this,” he pointed to the phone, “is seriously messed up.”
the dinner table came to mind and Dean gave a wolfish grin. “Sure thing, Sammy,” he said and went back to devouring his meal.
Whatever argument he had died on Castiel's lips and was replaced with a deep moan as Dean's mouth quickly brought him to full hardness. Dean, for his part, took great pride in being able to elicit such porn-esque quality sounds from the once uptight former angel - and he had only just started.
Cas frowns at that and his shoulders sag. Dean thinks maybe he should apologize, but before he gets the chance, Sam is giving him a patented bitchface and saying “Let’s go, Cas,” while dragging the former angel out of the kitchen with him.
Cas paused, but Dean didn't respond so he continued. “It's true that I didn't want to go to the strip club any more than I wanted to go to that brothel a few years ago. I don't actually hold the same interest in strippers, prostitutes and having sex with strange women that you do. The only reason I went along and why I usually give in to your whims is because I enjoy being in your company, Dean. It's not that I'm letting you 'boss me around', I'm trying to make you happy. I happen to like the way you smile and how your face lights up when I agree to whatever it is you’re asking of me. So even though I was angry last night, I still decided to go because you wanted to and I wanted to be with you.”
“It's a good thing Cas already knows everything about you then,” she responded. “Plus, he can take care of himself I imagine so that makes him kinda perfect.”
Two days later, Dean was sitting in his room where he had spent most of his time since they got back. Sorting out his thoughts was proving to be a difficult task and he kept getting distracted watching the video taken the night they had been drugged. He had deleted the recording from the strip club and the one filmed outside of the bathhouse, but couldn't bring himself to erase the one of him and Cas. He was in the middle of watching it for the third time in a row when a text message from an unknown number came through:
Sam rolled his eyes and pointed at the phone in Dean's hand. “Watch them already so we don't have to waste anymore time trying to figure out what the hell happened to you.”
It was definitely going to be a good thing (unless Dean screwed it up), and it would be nice to see them both happy. He then realized it was kind of creepy to be in bed, grinning like a goofball over his brother’s sex life so he closed his eyes tried to fall back asleep.
. Castiel scoffed and nearly rolled his eyes out of his head at the implication he was in any way "dramatic" and stormed away from the amused hunter.
taking a damn shower," Dean responded, stretching the sore muscles in his back. Getting old sucked. "You can stay and clean up if you want."
, Dean,” Cas stuttered out. He angled to push against the sweet spot again and kept the position so could hit it with every thrust.
Almost on cue, the plug kicked to life, instantly switching from a slow lazy vibration to rapidly pounding inside of him. Dean yelled out at the unexpected sensation and quickly reached in his pocket to grab the remote he had lifted: it was no longer there. He realized then that Cas must have snatched it back while he was rubbing against him.
“Stop! I don't wanna know,” Sam cut in quickly. He was met with a pair of glaring green eyes. “So do you... want to take those with you?” He pointed at the dildos on the bed.
Dean didn't bother knocking on Cas' door- he was in the middle of a life changing epiphany, there was no time for unnecessary courtesy - he grabbed the doorknob and pushed it open. Cas looked up from a chair by the window and set the book he was reading on the table.
He sounds shy and maybe a little embarrassed by the conversation, so Dean decides to give him a break. “Alright, go before you piss your pants.”
Not that Cas has any reason to be upset, in the hunter’s opinion. He's the dumbass who threw himself between Dean and the pointy end of an angel blade and nearly got himself killed. Again. It doesn’t matter that the demon holding said weapon was an incompetent oaf, and even with limited power Cas is still an angel and was able to easily deflect the blade and redirect it into the demon's gut.
Dean didn't think he could do it, but he nodded anyway and tightened his grip on the sheets. He decided that next time he would have Cas tie him to the bed because it was too much effort not to grab his dick and relieve it on his own.
.” Seriously, the guy could remember "Castiel", but not Dean? He was feeling an overwhelming desire to punch 'RuRu' in his stupid face. That would teach him not to start groping a guy right in front of his boyfriend... Wait.
When Cas' grip on him slipped, Dean wrapped his legs around Cas' neck, crossing his ankles behind his head. Cas took the opportunity to suck on the skin of his calves while he pounded into him, building more momentum with each thrust.
Well, he decided he may not be able to deny it, but he sure as hell was going to add it to the list of things he never wanted to think about again. He looked down at his softening dick and mentally commanded it not to betray him like that in the future. He grabbed a towel and started to dry off.
Castiel squeezes Dean’s shoulder. “From the moment I laid eyes on you Dean, something has been stirring… growing within me. I thought it was curiosity, but the longer I spent in your glow I realized it was something…
“Nancy?” she asks a nearby librarian who finished checking a book out for a younger student, “Nancy? Do you know which section of the catalog the card for a book by a ‘Nick Pellegrino’ would be in?”
but… less strange than my other guesses.” The lame response makes pride swell in Cas’s chest, claiming victory. He readies himself for the next volley, Dean checking his notes. “We’re not here to discuss your name, though.”
Early morning sunlight streams through half-closed motel window blinds, striking Dean directly on his face. Stir him from unconsciousness, shuffling Dean out of his dreams. Warm blue and familiar stubble replaced with an ugly, orange patterned wallpaper that makes his stomach unhappily flip. Groaning, he turns. Hopes he can reclaim his quickly fading fantasy. It escapes his grasp, Dean left in the loneliness of reality.
Mia didn’t seem fazed by Dean’s tantrum, and Sam wondered if she truly is a monster like Dean suspected. If Sam were in her place, he wouldn’t know how he’d have maintained composure when dealing with his brother acting like a damned ass. There’d be blood splattered everywhere by now. “In my professional experience, many times we believe we’re ‘
The cops left, and the crowd dispersed, until Cas stood alone in the forgotten crime scene with garbage, stains, and an smoldering cigarette. He snuffed it out for Dean, then made his own exit.
“Ordered him to his room,” she shrugs, “grounded him. He laughed in my face, and then ran off. Took the car, so I couldn’t even follow. I was so angry that night I… I broke out some brandy and got toasted until I passed out. When I woke up Jack left a voicemail saying he would be staying with friends for a few days until he cooled off. I thought it was for the best, except…”
Dean stepped closer, towards the mirror now, focused on the deep vee of his shirt. During his latest inspection, he thought he saw a loose thread poking free from a hem. As he ran his hand across his chest, Dean realized it wasn’t a thread, but rather a stray, silver chest hair that must have fallen off during his time spent putting on his costume. It matched a few of the grey strands making appearances throughout his chestnut hair, some brushed behind his ears while others swooped across his forehead. Cas had more.
claim. He arches a stupidly perfect, sculpted brow, leaning far past the bubble of Dean’s personal space. “You’d definitely have a lot more fun than playing with your
Dean tucks his hands into his elbows, shivering outside the Suite while Cas fiddles with its doorknob. “Come on,” he whines, “what’s the hold-up?”
“I… I don’t mean to sound ungrateful,” Dean says, “But I – um… I feel the same. I want to be with my family more than anything but… man, I don’t know how I can go back after all that’s happened?”
, why would you have this…” Cas sets the report down, remembering how barely an hour ago the detective dangled Jack’s status as a ploy. Goading him towards a reaction. Or, possibly, a threat. “That I might end up like…” Queasiness roils in his stomach at the thought. His fingers twitch with the need for grass.
Of the years he knew Dean, Cas never wondered where the other man would hang up his jacket. Cas imagined, of course. A sprawling ranch where he rode horses during his off time, when the sheriff’s badge was away. Or perhaps a functional apartment that he slept in when not at his desk. Jokingly, Cas also pictured Dean sliding into a box like all the other Ken Dolls. Although from last night, he can attest that he packs
Cas spun on his heel, interrupting the conversation, “Excuse me, I couldn’t help but overhear – were you talking about Professor
“It was my dad’s, and I think you should have it since you are my son,” he tells him, “I trust you with her.”
Dean was staring at Cas, trying to figure out if he had just been insulted or not when a waitress appeared, tossing three dinner menus on the table. Dean's head snapped up in surprise and he wondered how people kept managing to sneak up on him. He couldn't think of anything that was unusually distracting lately and it was starting to hurt his professional pride.
Anger flares on behalf of his baby brother. Sam deserves better from both of them. He’s out of his bedroom and on his way to Sam’s before he can talk himself out of it.
As the weeks passed, Castiel became more accustom to his new life, learning the necessities of daily living as well as hunting. Dean noticed Cas' attitude improved somewhat, but the constant melancholy still hung like a black cloud over the bunker. After one particularly uncomfortable breakfast in which the ex-angel somberly compared Kevin's half-burnt toast to the "sad uncertainty of the human condition" Dean decided that, not only did it not make sense, but he was totally, completely, 100% done with his friend's existential crap.
To Dean's relief, his brother made no attempt to turn the music up again. “How the hell do you not feel like shit, Cas?” Dean asked, half turning in his set to look at the man behind him.
“Just forget about it and eat your damn breakfast before it gets cold,” Dean snapped. He knew he was flushed and his voice was probably betraying his arousal, but dammit, he could at least pretend to be in control.
the night before. He couldn’t explain why, it just felt awkward being so exposed around the other man.
“Knock it off,” Dean snapped. “I've already got one bitch of a headache and this crap ain't helping.”
Cas moves from his mouth to lick down the angle of his jaw, nipping at and sucking over his pulse point before moving lower. Dean’s eyes close and he shivers as the other man’s stubble scraps over the newly bruised skin, heightening the pleasure. He thrusts into Cas’ fist, urging him to pump faster and the grip around him tightens – too dry and a
Dean's voice rang out down the hall. The moaning seemed to get louder the further Sam got from the bathroom as if it were
Cas finally looked down at his dick, barely covered by the bed sheet. “This penis has become a daily inconvenience,” he grumbled.
“Just watch the damn thing,” Sam said curtly. He sat on bed across from the other two and waited for his brother to work up the nerve.
Sam responded and was unable to hide his grin. Dean's involuntarily cringe did not go unnoticed by his brother. “Everything okay?”
thing. Dean hadn't been with any other men to know if it was always like that or not. Cas once told him it wasn't the sex but rather the process of
“Why'd you think that?” Dean asked, wondering why he and Cas ended up at the bathhouse if they had successfully picked up women.
Dean's head whipped around so fast he nearly lost his footing in his semi-drunken state. He had not expected
“I no longer drink tea,” Cas informs him. His voice sounds far grimmer than the statement should warrant and Dean glances up at him curiously.
“We're not here as customers.” Sam stepped up to take over because Dean was only making things worse. “We're actually looking for information.”
Dean complied, carefully lowering his back to the hard and somewhat cold surface and bringing his feet up so his legs weren't hanging over the side. Cas stripped away the rest of his clothes then spread Dean's knees to step between his legs. Dean shuddered when Cas' fingers softly brushed along his inner thighs, traveling up his body. He licked his lips in anticipation as Cas moved closer to his groin and waited for the ex-angel to take him in hand. Castiel had other ideas however and bypassed his cock completely, choosing to slide his palms up the hunter's side and settle on his chest instead.
When Dean moved lower and bit at the nub of one of Cas' nipples, the brunt arched his back and groaned. Dean repeated the action on his other nipple and Cas thrust his hips up so their clothed erections rubbed together.
"Not your fault, Kev," Dean said. "You don't need to apologize because those douchebags got the wrong idea."
started to play. Dean laughed when he heard it and leaned back with his palms flat on the mattress. 'Not entirely appropriate, but I'm not complaining.'
Dean's smile faded and he blinked at Cas. He knew it was fair and that he deserved it, but he hated that Cas was hurt and angry with him. The only reason he had come up with the ill conceived plan to get the ex-angel laid in the first place was because he wanted to help Cas feel better. Now, it seemed that he only made things worse for both of them.
“How was Florida?” Kevin asked over a steaming cup of coffee as soon as the trio had made it inside.
He knew he never should have let things get as far as they did so quickly, but as usual, his dick was making all the decisions, and clearly, Cas had the same problem. Dean frowned and pulled himself away from the wall to start washing. He didn't have time for another bout of self-refection. He'd have to sort his feelings out on the drive back to Kansas.
Cas leaned down to remove the hunter's boots then slowly worked open his belt and jeans before sliding them off. Dean shuddered feeling the cool air on his cock, which was barely being contained within the panties. Cas' eyes traveled over his exposed body and lingered on his crotch.
Cas whined when Dean pulled away with a grunt and climbed off the bed. He went to his pants and fished out his keys, tossing them at Mia. 'Take the car.'
"Stay here," Cas commanded, walking the short distance to the dresser and pulling a second bag from his drawer. He left the room without explanation or even a backwards glance.
” Cas watches Dean, possessed by his anger, stumble backwards. Seething. Trembling. “You…” he accuses, “you probably, you’re the one who likes guys…”
Cas pauses, turning to Dean. “Sorry,” he says, “the lady at the counter – she said they were having issues since the last occupants. Something about them breaking the lock?”
Cas shuffles to the sink while Dean sets the next scene. Grabs a cup with leftover drink still inside while Dean describes how seeing Sammy felt, dumping it as he glossed through the effort of convincing him to share a quick bite, and then fills it with water he greedily drinks while Dean complains about the eatery Sam chose.
“Maybe,” she shrugs, barely an inch of space between their noses, “but I have no control over that. Smells are upper management concerns. My job is making pretty with the prudish squares who stop by and sell them junk that’ll give ‘em a taste other than vanilla.”
Cas nods, scrabbling off this doomed ship with the offered floatation device. Standing, he strolls towards Dean and glimpses the men on the other side.
. Trench coat, suit jacket, and white button-down paired with his crooked blue tie. Dean’s hand drifts close but can’t touch. Not yet. “It is me,” he tells Dean, “you… probably have a lot of questions. About why I’m here, and – and what was said when the Empty…”
Chuckling, Dean drops a kiss onto Castiel’s head. “I’ll tell you later. I’ll tell you… everything later.”
Cas grabs his wrist, stopping him. “No, Dean,” he says, “there’s no time!” He drags Dean out, ignoring all Dean’s squawked protests. Orville’s voice echoing, phone abandoned in their haste. “We have to drive like
Cas runs from the room, Martin’s kaftan sliding over his knees jolting him out of shock. Hurrying down a funhouse hall, exit never closer despite how fast he moves. Floor tilting, knocking him off balance. Obstacles littering the area.
“Loaded question. I want a lot of things… Amara’s power – but I got that.” His eyes flicker, blue and black, before fading into their regular hazel. “This world to end… close. I could wait fifty more years but let’s speed it up, honestly. You and your
“At least there’s something rattling around in that head of yours…” Cas folded his arms and waited for a more helpful comment. Crowley ran his hands across his face before taking a fresh joint and lighting it. “You need an appointment, Castiel. An appointment which… I could get you, if I knew where it is you were going?”
As they swam back to where they were, Castiel made note of the wonder etched across Dean’s face. How easily he could forget that Dean hadn’t always been a merman, and simple occurrences were anything
“N.P.?” Cas reads. He drops both slide and Panavue into his lap, tipping his gaze towards the ceiling. “Who the hell is N.P.?” His neck bends, head reeling backwards. Cas rocks on his toes, ultimately giving up and collapsing onto his ass. Lying down, he releases the brewing storm of tension poisoning his mind with a heady sigh. Imagines it as a cloud of sweet, grass smoke and tries riding that pretend high. He cannot use the real medicine for a bevy of reasons, from it leaving a trace of his presence in the home to having left his joint in his car. That doesn’t quell the urge, only exacerbates it. Alongside the ache in his lower back.
“He was a good boy,” Kelly starts, immediately averting her gaze from Cas’s and onto the coffee table. She wrings the hem of her skirt, “Always had been… as a baby, he never fussed. When we went out places, he never threw a tantrum, I… everyone around us remarked on how mature he was. Babysitter after babysitter telling me how delightful it was watching Jack while I was at work. Did his homework, finished his chores, playing quietly without causing the tiniest amount of stress. The hospital, they told me that by raising a child on my own I should be prepared for nights where I wanted to do nothing more than cry because I’d be so… so tired, and angry. But I’d have to swallow it up and deal with it because I’d chosen to raise him by myself, that I’d gotten myself into this mess. Except… it was never like that. I like to think that Jack knew, when he was born, what the world was going to be like for him. And in here,” she taps at her head, “the brain developed faster than the body.”
That blanket is torn from him, Dean stumbling slightly. Castiel catches him and helps him stand upright, smirking. “Hey,” Dean whines, numb fingers twining loosely around Castiel’s wrist, “where you goin’?”
Dean blushes, staring at Castiel from the corner of his eye. “Laying here I… I feel as safe as I did back when I was a kid and had a mom to tuck me in at night. Like maybe…” his fingers drum across his bare chest, “she was right, and that I’ve always had an angel watching over me.”
A silence dragged out in the room as Sam digested her story. He considered it from every angle, taking great pains to ensure his instincts weren’t wrong. That Mia told them the truth, and the real monster was somewhere skulking around town, searching for his next kill. Sam was almost convinced. Something did trouble him, though, keeping him from fully believing her. “It said in the police reports that both victims were killed by people who looked like their dead loved ones… how would Buddy’ve known who they were, let alone who to shift into?”
The records room expands far past where Cas’s vision ends, rows of boxes stacked on top of each other in dusty metal shelves. Paperwork shoved down in the precinct’s depths where they can rot unattended. Cas checks the note and begins walking, taking the path between the fourth and fifth shelves, nerves twisting about themselves as the boxes look more daunting when closer.
Cas shrugs, smirking. “Maybe if you were a little more focused you could have seen me coming… but then again, we both know how distracted you get when there are
She is a cruel goddess, commanding respect. Fed up with being mistreated and misunderstood. Her waves are her outlet. Any life lost in them, they signed it away when they took their first step inside of her. Any secret she takes, she will return tenfold when you least expect it.
He’ll have to go back to the Bunker at some point, Sam probably worried since Dean is out much longer than he promised. But Sam also has other worries he can preoccupy himself for a few more hours.
Tempting, especially with how his teasing ends and he has a firm grip on Cas’s cock. Presses a thumb on the rapidly purpling head, length hardening. Legs twitching, he unfolds his knees and stretches them to their full length. Cas sighs, “Listen, um…” He racks his brain for a name, fishing, hoping he finds the right one. “Kelvin –“
“I’m just asking,” Adam says, “guessing, actually, if your hesitation during this process has something to do with my gender expression.” He rubs at his biceps, fondling them. “So I’ll ask again – have you ever been massaged by a man.”
“You’d be the one who’s there to pick me back up if I fall,” Castiel says, “But I won’t ever fall – I won’t ever learn for
On autopilot, Dean snatched the phone out of Jack’s hands. He slammed it, hard, on the table between them. Dean pointed a harsh finger towards Jack, snarling his next few words. “I don’t want to ever hear you talk like that again.”
.” His screech hurts, Cas wincing from it. Dean nearly attacks him, edging into his space. Boxes further escape, knees trapped between Dean and his bed. Pokes at him, making Cas teeter. “Don’t put – don’t put
the idea of kissing onto another level. A holy act. Placing Castiel on the same level as all his previous entanglements would be similar to heresy.
Blue Eyes squints, lips slowly stretching, like a match dragged across a striker, until the flame of a smirk dances into view. “I can assure you, that’s exactly who I am. Wouldn’t you agree?”
“I…” He can be, if he says so. Unfortunately, Dean forgets those little magic words. Trapped in limbo, the space between truths. “I’m not… I don’t know.”
“Then… it would be unkingly to break your word so close to its completion.” Charles moves back, posture more calm. The water above them calms, and for quite some time the accompanying storm was quiet. “When you return home, we can discuss more about your… interests.”
“Stupid pigs,” Cas growled, rubbing filthy hands on his jeans, “think they can do whatever they want because they’ve got a gun. I can get a gun, it’s not that difficult…”
“I think I might be that,” Dean laughed, tongue swiping over his bottom lip. “It means you’re attracted to Demi Moore, right? Because if Kutcher wasn't in the picture, I’d definitely be all up in her business!”
“I…” Mia sighed, rubbing a tired hand across her face, “I want to say no, that I wouldn’t be that much of a fool to do that, but… you two made it work.”
Jack considers a movie theater, but trashes the idea almost immediately. “We have Netflix,” he says, “why would we go out to the theaters?” Then he thinks about sharing a meal, reminded of all the times they sat in diners. “But we do that all the time… I want it to be
Nothing. Peeking from behind the pickets, he sees the entryway abandoned. Further inspection shows no one waiting in the yard. Calming, Cas allows for a breath of relief before climbing over the fence. When done he readies himself by securing his hands on the wood. He lifts, flinging his leg over. Prepared for the shift in weight Cas anticipates gravity’s antics and rolls off, sticking the landing.
Mia’s shadow stretched over him. She stood behind the couch, nodding at Jack. “Is what you said about him true?” she asked, “Or did you
“For your sake you better be telling my son the truth,” Charles says, “For if this is the last I ever see my boy… humans won’t think of my people as stories anymore. We’ll be something for you to
Cas digests her speech, the words knocking around in his stomach like rotten fish. Bile threateningly rises up his throat. He accepts the paper. Strokes the tattered edges from where Jack must have ripped part of it off and then sets it on his desk. “Okay.”
Cas ruins it himself. “It’d be okay,” he says, “if you did. You wouldn’t be the first. I mean, my father alone…” He trails off, sunshine eclipsed by home brewed grey clouds.
This isn’t just a kiss. It’s Dean sticking his face into a fuse box with all the switches flicked on. It’s Dean stepping out into a storm without an umbrella. It’s riding down an empty highway, no cops in sight, and abusing the gas pedal until the speedometer needle vanishes.
“Very beautifully,” Cas nods while producing his own manila envelope, fiddling with the edges. “I have talked with other firms, and they all spoke with great esteem about how, um… what’s the word – niesamowity…
“Pretty sure there isn’t a dress code for therapy,” he snickered, “Is this why you didn’t just go straight there?”
are the architect of your own misery.” Cas freezes, body rebelling. Flames of hatred snuffed with a cold breeze. “Not like anything I could’ve written would have sticked anyway, we both know this. But your deal… I didn’t make you do that. You have no one to blame for your doom but yourself.” He releases Cas, wiping his hands on his pants. Sneering at Cas like he was garbage, but smaller. Gum Chuck wiped off his shirt, but worse. A bug under a magnifying glass while the sun shone brightly above, except more pitiful. “It’ll be nice to sit back and enjoy for once… so put on a good show, Cas. Really
Dean parked sloppily, again; however, pocketing his keys this time as he left Baby. He didn’t acknowledge the front door, shuffling into the backyard for another glimpse of Cas’s body.
It’s stupid. Dean wastes valuable time, their world crumbling all around them. And what is he doing? Crying. Making Sam and Jack comfort him because Dean lost the shovel he usually buries his feelings with. Empty probably taking that, too. It’s
Roidy departs dreadfully, saluting them with his middle finger. Dean responds with a raised glass that quickly empties itself down his throat. Slumping onto the bar, releasing Blue Eyes, Dean motions for the bartender’s return. “Hey,” he slurs, “another vodk-eh and, uh…” He scowls, studying the rack, an array of alcohol lined up. “Shit, man,” he asks his savior, “what’s your poison?”
Another sound overpowers the monster and that throbbing din. “Dean! Dean, hey… hey-hey-hey-hey Dean… it’s okay… it’s me, Sam. Sammy.” Someone touches his shoulder. Dean flinches from it. “Come on Dean… I won’t hurt you.” Their voice hitches, sounding waterlogged. “Please, Dean… wherever you think you are, you’re not. I promise. I need you, man. Sammy needs you.”
He places them in Dean’s hands, keeping his own there while Dean’s remain flat and limp. Their eyes meet, and something flashes behind Dean’s eyes briefly.
“Oh yes,” she says, “you’ve only just begun to heal, the both of you. It’s a process – like growth – that never really ends.” Serafina’s gaze darts from him to Cas, and back again. “Plus, if you stay, we can introduce you to some new things. Offer some wisdom from our many lifetimes on Earth that may prove…
She giggles, flipping her hair off her shoulder. “Like I didn’t already know that?” Claire reaches for the doorknob, stopping only because Cas grabs her wrist. “What?”
Dean nearly asks when Adam will start. As soon as the question forms in his throat, he swallows it. Adam’s wet,
Kelly smiles at him. A younger Kelly, neither a child nor the woman he knows. She stands alone in front of a lake, laughing, pulling the curtain of her hair away from her face. Staring up with those lovey-dovey goo-goo eyes that –
Cas departs without waiting for a response. Skin crawling, he wonders whether he should throw himself into the ocean now or wait for morning.
“Josie,” Cas represses the curl of his lips, her name somehow bitter as he says it. “it’s a pleasure to meet you.” He holds his hand for her to take, which she does with a wry brow raised.
“Something like that,” Cas admits with a casual shrug, “Following a lead, seeing how it pans out… I’m sure you’ve heard the same spiel from Dean.”
Castiel drags him into a kiss, one Dean returns heartily. His hands grabbing fabric while Castiel’s dance around his hips. Consumed by this, Dean ignores his cell phone being stolen. Only becomes aware of it when Castiel ends their goodbye with a smile, Dean’s phone in hand actively calling someone. “My number,” he explains, flipping his phone shut, “to use whenever. Hopefully
His spine chills, and all the flies drop dead at his feet. He turns, finding Dean standing a few paces away. Wearing an expression of shock Cas is sure can be found on his own face. Looks like he didn’t follow him here. But running into each other on a random street in such a big city like theirs, that isn’t coincidence. Fate must be feeling a bit indignant at the moment. For whatever reason Cas cannot remember, probably because he was too high at the time.
“All the time,” Dean says, “especially towards the end. Seemed like every little thing would set one off, then the other… and no matter what I tried there was no making peace with either of them. But finally Sam storms through the door too early in the morning, slamming a piece of paper down and going off about new experiences, freedom and…” He slides his hand off the tie, down his chest, and onto his waiting knee. Pressing on it, keeping him from bouncing. “It was an acceptance letter. For college. That… that was one of the scariest moments of my life. Dad nearly had an aneurysm… Sam wouldn’t listen to reason… second dad started raising his voice, he – he just took off. Figured he needed some air; Lord knows the friction in the room made for some awful breathing. I’d’ve gone after him ‘cept dad were looking so cross-eyed I was afraid what might happen if I moved even an inch.” Dean’s twang makes his story sound like a country classic strummed achingly slow on a beat-up Gibson. Cas, not overly fond of the genre, taps his foot along to the tune.
He crouches low and softly pecks at her crotch, laving affection for the O’Keefe folds nestled in her dark bush. Tongue wriggling within those sheets and then darting out to flick the bean dangling overhead. Each instance of this forces Meg’s spine up in a curve, as though workers inside her body spotted a boat sailing nearby and began opening a bridge for its passing. Cas doubts any ships sail across the beige oceans of his trench coat but enjoys the wondrous sight of Meg’s pleasure, nonetheless.
Kaia leans back, flicking the locks and opening the backseat for them. They collapse, Cas on top of Dean, their legs tangled and hanging.
Condescension splatters across Cas’s face with a great deal of force. Cas wipes it off with practice, hardened against such messes. He searches for a response within his catalogue, filling the silence with a pointed stare that Dean volleys back, matching its heat.
He still feels Adam on his neck, and the second hand hangs at his side, shiny. Yet there must be a third. Because how else can Dean explain the pain in his side as anything other than a stab wound. Knife stuck there, cruelly twisted, cutting his insides further. Dean subtly nods, going slack. Adam guides his head back to its resting spot. Resumes petting him with much more severity. Each stroke like a match scraping against a striking surface, sparking but never lighting.
“It is.” Dean’s body unfurled, standing at full height. Anger seeping out from him like smoke from Cas’s joint. “You can’t believe anything a drunk says, I can tell you – from my
Dean and Cas share a silent conversation. He grins from that, knowing he can tilt his head or flutter his lashes and be understood completely. “Okay,” Dean answers, “it’s not like there’s anything else we
.” He dialed his puppy dog features to their highest setting, blasting her with his best Labradoodle. “When we left town, our previous therapist said falling back into a routine was the most important thing once we settled. It was hard enough getting him to go the first time, and with the baby I didn’t want him to become an excuse to not go back because we… we were doing really good, before.” Every lie did better when sprinkled with the truth, covering up the bitter taste. From what he saw, Mia ate every word and didn’t gag or wince.
Sighing, Dean pushes his bangs back. “It shouldn’t work like that, y’know. Fucking awful how that happens.”
He senses the hand hovering by his shoulder, too afraid to land. “What are you –“ Nick clears his throat, “What do you plan to do?”
“I only help those that deserve it.” He shoves Cas away, spinning on his heel. Gestures around them, “No one on this Earth – in this
The other merman chuckles, “Sure, you don’t know what the sun is…” At Castiel’s unflinching stare, Dean winces. “You really don’t know what the sun is?”
…” He laughs again, to a joke Cas must have missed. Wiping a false tear, Chuck leers at him, “Really? Does
“Didn’t you get my text?” he asks Dean. Then, subtly checking on Roidy who watches, fuming from the sidelines, he makes an odd clicking sound. “Or were your hands full, and you couldn’t check?”
Cas claps, cutting through the tension before its roots could burrow further. “Well,” he says, “I think we should get going, right? Claire?” He walks past her, grabbing her arm, except she doesn’t budge.
He opened it ready to research the perfect hobby for him. His problem came in where to begin. Instinctually, Jack wanted to type in the problem at hand. ‘Nephilims without souls looking for hobbies’ was a query with no results. Stuck on square one, Jack had only the Google homepage as company. The face of an artist or scientist celebrating their birthday waits for Jack to begin.
Cas rolls the seat back and forth, peering at the drawer. Chews on his lip while he thinks. He walks his fingers across each tab while debating how he should go about investigating the fastest.
“What?” Sam trailed Dean’s wake as he left for his bedroom, cornering him while he slipped into some ratty white sneakers left by his dresser. “You’re coming?”
Sergei doesn’t rise to Cas’s bet, drawing his limbs back into a careful pose instead. Like a straight line, hands folded and pointed upwards towards the sun. “Don’t care much for that…
Sam cursed Jack’s aim as he hit him directly on his chest. The pee immediately soaked through the fabric, Sam suffering its unnatural warmth. He blindly groped for anything nearby to shove atop Jack and staunch the flow from his bladder before it spread too far. He gently pressed a motel towel down, Jack giggling all the while as he ruined it much like he did Sam’s shirt. “Seriously?” Sam sighed, “Couldn’t have done this earlier?” Jack answered with more laughter, kicking his feet in the air to punctuate his glee. Seeing his joyful wriggling lessened Sam’s exasperation. “Okay… It was kind of funny,” he told Jack. Then, leaning closer, “Next time, do it when
“That only he has feelings and he might have overstepped, even though it was your writing. I haven’t talked to Cas yet but I’m sure it’s the same.” Sam tangles his fingers in his hair. “It sucks, not knowing what to do. I mean how do you get two people to talk who are more stubborn than a brick wall?”
He slams his hat back onto his head, feeling a few petals from the flower tucked there earlier drop onto his shoulder. Cas rounds the coffee table, showing himself out while Kelly remains seated in the living room. As he reaches the door, Cas slows. The hurricane within him passes, then. “I won’t stop,” he says aloud, hand on the doorknob, “No matter what, I’m committed to finding Jack.”
Cas moves on from the desk and to the dresser, rifling through his briefs and socks and others. While most of it looked touched since before Jack ran away, Cas expected a little more dishevelment. Even if his plans were half-formed and spontaneous, Jack should have packed a few outfits into a rucksack. Jack’s backpack hung from a hook off his closet, and the drawers were stuffed full.
“Somewhat,” Cas shrugs, “I grew up rich. Sort of the same thing, except the smell’s different.” He stretches, arm sliding back. Loosely wrapped around Dean’s shoulders. “You’d be surprised how cultish many things are when looked at from the right angle. Corporations, government, religion…” Cas tenses, “
Briefly, Cas considers shouting. Alerting the others that Chuck hadn’t gone far, nearer than they figured. Except Chuck’s head lolls around once more, clearly expecting Cas to do exactly that. His jaw tenses, Cas rising on shaky legs. “What do you want?”
supportive?” Thousands of examples flickered like a clip reel in his mind. Small things. Dean skipping breakfast so Sam can eat the last of their cereal. Wearing the same clothes, weeks on end, because Sam needed a new wardrobe, reedy body bigger than what they had. Risking arrest with every five-finger discount or hustled game or back alley trick; supporting the way their dad couldn’t.
“It wasn’t that,” Dean tells him, bringing one foot up. Resting it on the coffee table. His arm slides over the back of his sofa, thumb circling an old stain. “The cops in town, I got to know them pretty well. The whole watchman thing kinda went both ways… and I saw how good they were treated. The power of the badge, how it can cut through a lot of the bullshit ordinary folks put up with. A man with a gun walks into a store? Trouble, probably scared of every little thing he’d do. But if he has a badge? No one’d bat an eye. That stuck with me, but I didn’t really think more about it ‘till I hit a roadblock when finding Sam.”
But there are no white, chalk lines or asphalt grounds though. The ball they strike at each other does not bounce, invisible in nature. And Dean has no use for a racket here. He coolly flips a few pages in his notepad, clearing his throat. Cas watches him keenly, features frozen so Dean wouldn’t see how the quiet affected him.
“I was in the neighborhood,” he shrugged, collapsing on a nearby couch. Stained enough they’ve made the single-color fabric a pattern. Second-hand, like everything in Crowley’s office. From his furniture to his information, Crowley will never pass on an offer.
“What it has to do with…? Jack…” Dean pinched his brow, tense shoulders collapsing as the strain became too much, muscles snapping like bridge cables. “I might not be the most… the most
The oldest interrupted his approach, grabbing Cas’s collar and dragging him the rest of the way. “Listen, freak, now’s not the time to be preaching about peace. Get outta here before we throw you in alongside the murderer for a
Cas huffed, glaring at the road so he didn’t incinerate his passenger with the intensity of it. “Unfortunately, your masterful skills at describing the most important details are second to none.”
It’s the same photo resting up on the mantle, of a time long ago in Kelly’s life. Cas frowns, tearing the Panavue from his face. He pulls the slide out and, like in the machine, Kelly is there. Not a trick. Flipping it over, Cas finds something scrawled on the top-right corner.
didn’t ask for Yellow Eyes to kill mom. She made that deal… same way Cas did what he did, to protect those they loved. We were the suckers who got stuck picking up the pieces, is all.”
“You’d think,” Dean sighs, “except I must have pissed off someone powerful. I saw that while bumming around
And at no point did any of them discuss dour subjects like Michael, monsters, or death. Dean made jokes and, whether funny or not, Dean laughed so wildly he nearly choked at one point. He told stories of past misadventures that brought a smiling Sam into the conversation, shaking his head and correcting his brother's mistakes with a cool, level-headed voice. Sam stretched languidly on the blanket, looking so at peace with the world Jack leaned in close to make sure the taller man wasn't asleep. He stayed awake, calmness almost trancelike. Castiel watched Dean animatedly take part in a one-sided conversation. During Dean's lulls, however, Castiel tossed in his own observations and thoughts. Making note of their surroundings and remarking on the beauty of the lake.
Walking over to the table, ignorant to Jack’s obvious gawking, he takes a seat. “So,” he continues, flipping the book open, “why are you here Jack?”
“Listen,” he growls, shivering. A pervasive chill hanging in the atmosphere Cas couldn’t feel from the flush of exasperation setting his skin on fire. “I don’t need you to look out for me, okay? I don’t need
Slowly, Dean rises to his feet. The glass jar is heavy in his hands, like it was when he first grabbed it out of Kelly’s cabinets, except it’s Cas making the bulk of its weight and not the jam he tirelessly scooped out of it.
Cas turns, finding Kelly watching him from the doorway. She removed the apron, revealing a blue jersey slip of a dress, and coiffed her hair. Put together in a way she wasn’t when Cas arrived. Kelly picks up the photo and traces a finger lightly against the frame, following the lumpy outline of Jack’s baby head. “Stacking them, throwing them… eating them. At least he tried to. I always stopped him before he hurt himself but, this one he looked so cute I couldn’t help myself…” Sighing, she places it back. “Jack always had a face made for pictures.”
“I think you would be the best judge for that, Jack,” he sighs, “But seeing how you asked the question… it’s safe to say not a great deal of it is left.”
.” Cas extricates himself from Dean’s hold, walking towards the door. “You can… go back to what you were doing before.”
“Too good if you ask me,” an older man said from her side, arms folded over his chest. “Decent folks can’t walk two blocks without someone jumping up asking for money.” He casts a worried gaze in Cas’s direction, “You ain’t looking for a handout, are you?”
Dean dropped his cigarette, startled by the command. He looked from the older policeman, and then to Cas. “I… I have to go.”
Shaking his head, Castiel breaks from the trance. He calls to Dean. “We best get going,” he says, “There’s much more to see on our journey.”
,” Cas hisses at him, “of the two of us, you’re still the child. Doing whatever someone says like a good little soldier because the world will end if someone gets the wrong impression of you!”
Jack shrugged, “I mean, it was kind of annoying, but I learned to ignore them. When I learned how harmful the content was, however, I was very glad to hear that TikTok went ahead and took some sort of action – Hey!”
changed. The ever-present storm clouds disappeared, leaving his brother with a sunnier disposition. His wardrobe was different, too. Looser fitting, softer fabrics in bright colors. He wore a certain sandal Sam remembers hearing Dean label ‘the most basic hippie accessory’. What disturbed him most, however, was his hair.
Swimming becomes harder as the reality of where they are sinks in. The seafloor slopes upwards, off towards the line where it stops being part of the sea and is called land. He barely remembers what it’s like to smile, and for a strange reason Dean forgets as well.
“I’m going to do nothing.” Cas stands, smoke eking past his lips, “For now. But since I know who you are… you better be on your best behavior. If I catch wind of you getting into familiar antics, then your baggage gets spread across campus.” He almost leaves, pausing as he remembers another grain of salt he can toss in. “Oh, and one more thing... give that Janet girl the ‘A’ she fucking deserved.”
Castiel tamps down what he wants to say and instead chooses a more sobering honesty that he’d been avoiding. “Because I don’t want to ruin the time we have left together.”
He immediately catches sight of the suit he plowed over days ago, dressed in another bland uniform of the squares and with an ever-present disgust stuck in his eye. His companion seems more agreeable, although this man’s focus never wavered from Dean. Shortest man in the room, he made up for the physical difference with an overly inflated mind. At least that’s what Cas gathers listening as he fires off a posh tirade of fancy words that fly over Cas’s head.
Cas follows her hawkish gaze as she peers at a young, black couple walking across the street. Minding their own business, talking about nothing that concerns their little party. Her grip tightens around him. “…You don’t say?”
“Just out,” he shrugs, “It’s beautiful and… I don’t know, it’d be dumb to spend it locked down in here. Sam and Cas are waiting…” Dean darts out of the room without waiting for a response, trusting Jack to follow.
“I will take your word for it,” he tells Andy, keeping a critical gaze on Cas. Skin crawling from the intense focus, like it’s being flayed by untampered thought. “I do not see him enough to pass judgment on what is his ‘normal’. But then again – what is normal? Can there truly be an agreed-upon definition for the word? Or are we all doing what we can to live by our own ‘normal’?”
Cas leans back in his seat, tapping at his chin. “You know, what you say strikes chord with me. On my way inside I was accosted by such a person, spouting same ridiculous things you say Dick said. Kept repeating a name of some place but I… I was so focused on our meeting I cannot remember. The word Institute, does this sound familiar to you?”
It’s a little off-script, but Lucifer bets Chuck will enjoy what he plans. Even if it’ll involve his least favorite character. Lucifer hops off the table, grace burning across his body. Razing this vessel’s form, stealing its characteristics and distinguishability. A tall mound of clay left that he molds into a new body. Darker hair, sturdier frame, and bluer eyes. “Dean,” he says, swallowing his laughter. “
. “He’s…” Wondering how Dean might explain their relationship keeps Cas on his toes, like whether the man who stabbed you will turn left or right. “He’s someone I met through work.” Dean’s mouth twists into a wobbly smile, shrugging. “Cas, this is Josie.”
From what Castiel understood it was like a mini volcano people kept in their homes. Why anyone would think that’s a safe and smart idea, Castiel cannot begin to fathom.
“But were you scared?” Dean asked, voice tinny and small, “Scared of what might happen? What others’d think?”
“What?” she yelps, shifting. Leaning forward into the space between he and Dean. “I thought I was your backup on this case. You promised –“
. Doesn’t matter how many times you rub my magic lamp though; your problems’ll still be there after you come. Try dealing with them first and then swing by again. A clear head does
“They’re breathing, baby, that’s all.” Meg presses his legs down and uses the makeshift ramp as a slide, straddling his waist on her descent. “Done already?”
Cas jerks a thumb at the church, smirking, “Realized I was living in sin and decided I should go and confess at the nearest Heavenly Hotline?” His joke makes the other man’s lips purse, dimples appearing. A better reaction than what he’s gotten so far. “Don’t ask stupid questions, Dean. You’ll only get stupid answers.”
?” Cas finishes, forefinger gently stroking the key. He freezes, wincing at Dean, “Sorry, I did it again.”
While it was empty, though, Cas would spend his time investigating. He entered Jack’s room, left of the bathroom, and paused. “This is… not what I was expecting.”
Cas waits for the sound of doors closing, assured he and Dean were finally alone. Glancing at the dozing officer, Cas squeezes his shoulder. “Hey,” he says, shaking him, “Dean, wake up.”
Cas rolls to a stop in front of the security kiosk, grinning behind shades at the guard on duty. “What’s happening, man?” he flashes a crooked peace sign.
She offers another piece of paper, only Cas hesitates in accepting it. Instead he whistles a low, sad note and leans back in his chair. He questions her, “You think this is the right call? Giving
present, safely tucked inside his drawers. And, if well received, his outfit will help perfectly transition into a holiday tradition Dean hopes last
“No because right now my body’s recovering from over five pounds of bacon and an entire bottle of whiskey – thanks to you.”
” Dean hisses, glancing around in case they run across wandering house guests. Any of their extended family Dean stupidly invited to celebrate Christmas with them. “Seriously Cas, why wouldn’t you let me put clothes on? It’s December, it’ll be
“I’d rather go for a drive,” he suggests, brandishing his new key, “wouldn’t that sound like a nice Christmas treat?”
“I needed to do something,” he shrugs, “’if I stood around doing nothing, they might ask me to help. And I don’t want to fold chairs that’re only gonna get
Scintillating conversation with as much weight as the smoke billowing up from the joints being passed around. Sweet grass smell wafts everywhere, amplifying the traces already clinging to his clothes. His fingers twitch for another joint, but he stays focused. If he lit up now, the glassy eyes that were ignoring him would dart in his direction. Annoying him, asking for a hit. Cas preferred them as they were. Their lazy defiance of the status quo familiar and ordinary.
“In about every town I moved to in the past two years.” Mia sighed, rubbing the bridge of her nose as she wandered towards the fireplace. He watched her grab a box of cigarettes and a lighter from atop it. “Mind if I?”
Right now, Dean dreams of his losses. Apologizes, one by one, faces blurring together as he starts counting strangers his mind saved for no purpose other than to make him carry more crosses.  Never
Dean laughed even though he knew Cas wasn't joking. “I know, I don't understand myself most of the time.”
Sam’s nostrils flare. “Would love to, but some jackass used the last of the grounds to make coffee, then sabotaged it.”
“Hiya, Sammy,” Dean said as cheerfully as he could muster in his still half-asleep and not particularity jovial state.
Cas holds Dean’s weight with one arm and trails the other around the hunter’s backside until his fingers nudge at his opening again, one by one sinking in without resistance. Dean knows he’s been ready since Cas used his mojo, but he lets the angel take his time exploring and stretching until he finds the little bundle of nerves that sets Dean’s insides on fire. He moans as Cas presses into his prostate once more and his hips rock down to meet the deft fingers taking him apart.
When it starts to become heated, Dean takes the opportunity to grind their hips together. Neither are hard yet, but the action elicits a low growl from the angel as he thrusts forward to match Dean’s movements. The sound turns Dean on in ways he doesn’t care to analyze and he’s on his knees in an instant, reaching for Cas’ belt. He’s already unfastened the buckle when he risks glancing up at his friend. Cas is staring down at him in what anyone else would think was only mild curiosity, but Dean sees fire in his cerulean eyes and the way his kiss swollen lips part slightly as Dean slides the zipper of his dress pants down. Dean’s arousal surges when Cas brings one hand up to rake blunt nails through the hunter’s spikes, while the other hooks around the waistband of his slacks and helps Dean pull them and his boxers down in one go.
Cas noticed Sam was too busy trying to hold in a laugh to continue the interview so he showed Miguel the receipt he had found. “Were these the items that we purchased?”
Cas still looked confused, but smiled anyway and let Shelby direct his moves again. The song continued and the girl's hands moved from his sides to slide up under his shirt, rubbing a few times before grabbing the hem and slowly starting to pull up. Cas lightly swatted her hands away and took over. At the same slow pace, he lifted the shirt over his head and then handed it to Shelby, who tossed it at Dean.
“This isn't about me right now,” Dean told him. Cas already did enough shit just because Dean wanted it. This was going to be about Cas. “It's my turn to make you happy for a change.”
"Dean, the instructions I found on the internet were very precise,” Cas scolded. “You won't enjoy it if it's dry."
bedroom. He went directly to the bed – leaving Cas to lock the door and shut off the light - and laid down in his still slightly warm spot. Always preferring to sleep nude, Cas slipped off his boxers before sliding in behind him. He draped his arm around Dean's waist and nestled in close.
He slid a hand under the elastic band of Dean's boxers and rubbed his palm over the hunter's growing erection.
"Hey, I wasn't judging you," Sam said defensively as he followed the others inside. “Don't be so def-” he was cut off the second he walked through the door and was assaulted by a thick cloud of cigarette smoke that drifted in his face. It made his eyes burn and sucked the oxygen from his lungs making him to go into a loud coughing fit, much to Dean's delight.
Dean forces himself to stand upright, abandoning the safety of his chair support. The medication he was prescribed at the emergency clinic is making him drowsy, but he hasn't thrown up in at least two hours, so that's good enough for him. There's no way he’s sitting at home while his brother and a newly human Castiel work a case without him.
Cas slid his fingers inside the panties and slowly pulled them off. After discarding them, he switched off the plug and set the control on the nightstand. Dean spread his legs so Cas could position himself between them and ease the plug out of his hole. Dean choked back a whine at the sudden loss, but knew he would be filled up again. Cas reached over him to retrieve the lube from the nightstand and thoroughly coated his brand new vibrator with it. He squirted some on his fingers and massaged around Dean's already slick entrance, pushing some of the lubrication inside. He pressed the tip of the vibrator to the stretched opening and slid it in.
Dean began rocking up, pounding into the pleasant heat of Cas that surrounded him. The room filled with the sounds of their combined grunts and groans and the wet slap of skin on skin. Cas changed angle and Dean's cock hit the little bundle of nerves inside and sent pleasure shooting through Cas' body.
The color drained from the ex-angel's face and his eye went round. “Wh- why are you asking me this?”
Cas frowned. "This method appears to be ineffective at curing your ailment," he said and tossed the whip over his shoulder in annoyance.
Feeling marginally better, Dean finally looked down at whatever had fallen on the floor. “Holy fuck!” Next to his foot was large black penis shaped vibrator, complete with veins along its shiny shaft and huge balls at the base. When it hit the floor the vibrate setting had switched on and it was currently buzzing away against the carpet.
“I'm embracing humanity,” Castiel answered, his gravelly tone sending blood straight to Dean's dick.
"I hear Chicago has great pizza," Sam commented, sharing a glance between the other two as they all silently agreed to an impromptu road trip.
“No, we need information,” Cas spoke up, not waiting for the Winchesters to respond. He was rarely allowed to do more than observe interviews during hunts and took the initiative to practice improving his "people skills". “Tell us everything you remember about our visit here last night.”
have work to do. “Lead the way, handmaiden.” She followed Dean down the hall and into his bedroom. “So… boyfriend troubles?” She asked as soon as Dean had shut the door behind them.
He continued watching the two, amused at their lighthearted banter. Cas moved up to sit on the edge of the couch, concentrating on the screen and biting at his lower lip. Dean's attention was drawn to his friend's mouth. Cas' tongue darted out to wet his full, slightly chapped lips and Dean couldn't force himself to look away. He remembered how surprisingly soft those lips were and how fucking amazing they looked wrapped around his-
When everyone had been served, Dean took an empty seat next to Cas and dug in. He barely started eating when Cas' hand found its way to his knee and was slowly moving up his leg. No one else at the table seemed to notice what was going on and Dean made no attempt to stop it. Cas reached his inner thigh and squeezed just below his groin and Dean had to bite down on his bottom lip to keep himself quiet. He glanced sideways at Cas and couldn't believe how calm and causal the former angel's demeanor was; as if the little shit wasn't currently groping him under the table.
Dean hums in agreement and picks up a piece of bacon. It smells delicious and he hopes he can keep it down. He'll have to talk to Cas about intimidating the kid – because he's pretty sure it wasn't Kevin's idea to make him a balanced breakfast – but for now, he's not complaining. "Thanks, Kev."
“I was not in danger of urinating on myself,” Cas responds on his way out of the small room they had recently converted into an entertainment space.
“Alright, Cas,” Dean said and shifted in the seat so he was looking at his friend. “You really wanna know what a bathhouse is?”
"Hmm?" Dean clears his throat and shakes away the weird feeling he's getting watching the two of them interacting. "No, it's fine. One less thing for me to do."
Dean's cock twitched and he balled his fists in the sheets to keep from stroking it. Cas took his time undressing before climbing on the bed and settled next to the hunter. He ran his hands over Dean's muscled torso and down to rub the silky material covering Dean's erection. Dean moaned at the touch and rolled his hips.
Sam is still on the other side of the table, which means, "Awesome timing, Cas." Dean smiles, still lightheaded and a little shaky, so he doesn't feel any shame when he slumps back against Cas' chest and lets the former angel guide him down into one of the chairs. "Thought I was a goner."
." Cas moaned, twisted his fingers in Dean's hair and bucked his hips. Dean relaxed his jaw and let Cas fuck his mouth, setting a rapid pace. He was close. So close. He was shaking with the excitement of being with his friend this way. His disbelief that it was all a dream was long gone. There was nothing he had ever, or could ever imagine that would feel as good as what he was experiencing. It was indescribable.
“Not that,” Sam says amused. “Cas has been in my room so much because he’s worried about them. They weren’t doing so well the first few days and he pretty much nursed them back to life.” He looks at Dean expectantly.
Dean laughed bitterly at the irony and glanced over at Cas. The former angel was staring at the two retreating rednecks as if they were the least intelligent beings he'd ever encountered and they should be squashed from existence immediately. “You can have this piece of shit town, asshat,” Dean called after them and nudged Cas towards the car. Every impulse was telling Dean to stay and fight, to prove his manhood, but the instinct to protect Cas (despite the fact the ex-angel could hold his own) took over and he forced himself to walk away. He was still fuming when they drove off a few minutes later.
Cas regretted that he didn't get to taste Dean's, but decided it would be something to look forward to. That is if Dean would be willing to do it again. He wanted to ask what it meant for them, for their friendship, but they had a long drive the next day and it was already after three in the morning.
'Dean, are you asleep?' Cas asked, rocking their bodies together. 'Please wake up. I require your mouth to do indecent things to me. Dean?'
With a defeated sigh he pulls the keys from the ignition and climbs out of the car. He sidesteps the pile of sick near the back door and squats down to collect his garbage. When he’s finished, he tosses everything in a dumpster next to the station, then heads inside the store to relieve his bladder.
“I'm here,” Dean spoke up from behind them. He was on his knees, reaching under a rack and pulled back with his gun in hand and a victorious smile on his face. “Next time one of
“Nah, let me do something for you.” Dean sat up and gave Cas a kiss, tasting himself on the ex-angel's lips. He put his arms around the other man and flipped them so Cas was on his back again. Dean straddled him and took Cas’ cock in his hand. He figured if the former angel could suck his dick, the least he could do was give the guy a handy. Cas threw his head back and gasped when Dean’s strong fingers wrapped around his length and began stroking at a steady pace.
Only after inspecting every inch outside of the car for damage and taking inventory of the trunk was Dean satisfied enough to climb inside and sit behind the wheel. His wallet was in the front seat and a quick check revealed that all cards and cash were accounted for.
Cas was silent for a moment. “Okay, I was just checking. I heard noises that sounded like -- I thought you might be in
“What do you wanna do, Dean?” Sam questioned his understandably angry, but irrational brother. “They're human, so we can't kill them, and we sure as hell can't go to the police about it. It's not right what they did, but like Cas said, we're alive and the car is fine. Why are you letting this bother you so much?”
Stunned, Cas' hands halted their slow, but sure to be epic journey to Dean's ass. "What do you mean?"
They stare at one another for several moments before Dean decides to close the distance between them. Cas isn’t remotely fazed when the hunter invades his space, nor when he latches onto the Cas’ shoulders and pushes him back against the wall. Dean’s always been aware that he could never manhandle the angel like he does unless Cas allowed it. Unbidden, his mind dredges up an image of his friend lying beaten and bloody on the bunker floor – a broken, desperate plea his only defense against Dean’s mark of Cain fueled rage, because he refused to fight back.
“No, 'course I'll take you,” Dean said. He didn't want to think about the trouble the former angel and the redhead would get up to if they went out on their own. Cas would probably come home with his dick pierced.
” Cas whined and Dean relished the fact that he was making his angel fall apart from his mouth alone. He kissed, licked and nibbled his way back up the angel"s body and returned to his lips. Since Dean was no longer restraining his movement, Cas rocked their hips together.
Dean carefully moved Cas’ arm away and slid out of the bed. He picked up an extra pillow to cover his junk – because who has time to put on pants when your brother is about to smash his way into your motel room? - and went to crack open the door.
.” He had to admit the idea wasn't as repulsive as it once seemed. It might be weird at first, but he could power through. “Yeah, I think I can do that.”
Using the sleeve of his shirt, Kevin slid another menu in front of him trying to touch it a little as possible. "Do you think they serve anything
rough – as he begins stroking in earnest. Dean’s eyes flutter open when he feels two fingers prod at his lips, asking for entrance.
Dean placed his hand over the other man's and moved it up to his crotch. He didn't think he could get hard again so soon after coming (he wasn't as young as he used to be, after all) but to his surprise he was already halfway there thanks to the attention. Cas moved his hand around, rubbing slow circles over the growing bulge and Dean tried and failed to be subtle when he bucked his hips up to get more friction. Unfortunately, it happened at the very moment Sam had turned to ask Cas about continuing their game and the younger Winchester knew instantly what was going on.
They all ended up ordering turkey club sandwiches. Sam and Kevin were about 90% certain they would get food poisoning no matter what they ate, but thought the club sandwich would be the safest bet. Cas had never tried one and wanted to see how it compared to a hamburger. Dean was stuck ordering the same thing as everyone else because he didn't want to admit that he wasn't actually looking at the menu before and had no idea what was on it.
. His body tensed as he came, spraying hot white streams over Cas' hand and both of their stomachs. Cas kept his grip around Dean's cock, stroking slowly until the hunter's body slacked. After a few more thrusts Cas followed Dean over the edge, spilling out deep inside the other man.
Dean felt the warmth in his cheeks and turned his head away from his friend. “No, I just want him to be happy.”
The redhead, whose name was Shelby apparently, went around Sam to retrieve her taser from the ground. Sam watched her carefully until she dropped it in her bag. “Yeah, and by the way,” she looked pointedly at Dean, “the ecstasy didn't suddenly make you gay, if that's what you were implying. I mean, yes, it heightened your sex drive and all, but Mia,” she jerked her head towards the brunette, “and I were there the whole time and you guys basically ignored us."
Sam dropped a stack of branches onto a large pile he must have begun gathering after Dean fled. He rubbed at his neck, steadily avoiding where Dean’s gaze was by looking at the pile. “I moved him,” he explained, “I figured we might as well start on the… on the pyres for him, and Kelly.” Sam paused. He grabbed a lone branch, snapping a twig from it. “I didn’t do anything else. Figured you would want to…”
However, his good mood faded like every other high. While more people entered the building, hardly anyone left. He grew bored once more.
He feels vulnerable, exposed and defenseless. It’s the closest he’s come to recreating the thrill of being caught by Cas’s searching gaze. His angel’s eyes were able to peel away the walls and layers of bullshit Dean had built, defenses Dean thought impenetrable that failed innumerably when set against Cas. Cas saw through all, into Dean’s soul and, somehow, stayed. Cas chose Dean repeatedly, and he’ll never hear how much that meant to him, how much
, in that way. Above the pettiness and stupidity most boys my age at the time were ruled by. So many hours were lost discussing cases and filings he made us read for class, that many of my peers wouldn’t engage me with because they thought I ‘wouldn’t get it’. He took the time after class to let me express all my opinions in his office, sometimes running so late we ended up moving to a nearby diner so we could eat
Though insanely difficult, Cas knows who starts the engine of the car. The same person who parked it there earlier after a tough day of giving lectures, greeting two toddlers playing in the yard with tired hugs. Exhausted from that morsel of affection, he made a less than admirable show at giving his wife a kiss. Barely a trace of love spoke from the action. They all retreated inside soon after while Cas cozied up in wait for a moment like this.
While exiting his car, slamming the door with more force than necessary, he catches a curious homebody spying through a nearby window. He waves and the curtains flutter closed. He doubts she will pose a problem. When Cas realized where Mrs. Roman lived, he knew showing up as he normally looked would lead to trouble.
Dean’s jaw hangs. “That’s… a really interesting way to think about it.” He turns, gazing out at the ocean. “Before this whole adventure… I never really thought about the ocean more than what I saw. What I didn’t know wouldn’t hurt me, I guess. But after all I saw… I think maybe we got it wrong.”
“Never mind, let’s get up.” Dean pushes Castiel off of him, standing once more. He offers his hand to Castiel, helping him up. Wobbling on his new legs, Castiel manages to stay upright for a beat before falling into Dean’s waiting arms.
None of the other slides help him like that one. He adds those failed ones to the pile, keeping the slide with the Professor and tucking it into the ribbon of fabric tied around his fedora.
“Nasty habit,” he giggles, “Though the results speak for themselves. I mean – you know how easy it was smooth-talking little Sammy when I looked like his ol’
.” Cas kisses Dean’s crown, continuing his story. Whispers it into his head. “All the angels. Jack rescued us all.”
“That it is, yes!” Cas crows, laughing, “Bit of mouthful, no? Like cramming oversized kielbasa in mouth.”
of the pieces missing. Then, she comes back and with her are those little pieces that complete the picture for you. Suddenly your mother isn’t much of a ghost or an ideal. She’s a person” –
“You’re awfully stubborn for a boy who’s been given everything,” he screamed, some of his precious brandy spilling out of his glass. Staining the rug. “Why can’t you be good like you brothers and sister and do as your told!”
“’Fraid not,” she says. Cas tucks the flyer into his back pocket and clears his throat, knocking on the counter. He tries abandoning ship, but Pamela tosses over a life preserver. Her hand atop his. “Wait,” she continues, “I might have something tucked deep down my memory hole. Buried under… other things –
Mia retreated for her downstairs bathroom. That room was more accustomed to handling the ooze produced from her shedding. Plus, a bubble bath wasn’t out of tonight’s equation entirely. If she used the one upstairs, that wouldn’t be the case.
Sonny shook his head, frowning. “No, that’s been brewing for a while… she’s been acting sort of odd since the professor asked her to stay behind one day after a late lecture let out.” He grabs for his bag, too, “I should probably go after her or she’ll be more pissed, and there goes the sex…”
Chuck grins. His simple act knocking Cas onto his rear, overwhelmed by its cruelty. “And let you off the hook for beating this dead horse? Not a chance. If the Leviathans blew you up, you’d never suffer through the fallout from betraying Dean – the man you did
“There’s always adoption.” Dean stops, nervously glancing over at Castiel. “I… I should have asked, first. Is there like… anything
Dean hovers, frozen in terror. One of the trident’s forks plays with the string of the amulet, its tip inching back and forth, fraying the wire. “What?” Dean whispers, “What’s going on? Cas –“
Castiel colors. “Again, I apologize for the deceptions,” he says, “Is there any way I can get you to forgive me?”
She bares her teeth while smoke pours from her mouth, cigarette shaking. “How dare he? More important than the brats we fucking raised – that
“Or!” he added, fist hammering Jack’s phone further into the wood, “use this, this damned app – if this is what it turns you into!” He huffed, hands retreating to steeple at his chin. “You think you’re raising a kid right… raising a kid to be accepting
“Really, Cas how are you not – oh God,” he groans, falling out of Cas’s hold. Hitting the wall by his door, sliding. “I’ve never smelt anything so wonderful…”
Restarting their trek, Cas allows himself to spiral in the calmness. He reflects on how it felt, moments ago, in his cabin. When Dean and him held hands, somewhat. Not really. But also kind of? Holding each other’s wrists must count, even though it missed a few key elements. Their palms hadn’t touched, but if they did Cas imagines Dean’s would be warm and calloused. Perhaps a little sweaty. And there were no laced fingers, a common practice whenever Cas holds
“You made good calls, with the party. And Kaia,” he says, “I’m sure if we continue we’ll find the location of that compound no problem. Then we sneak in, I grab Sam and – and you get your friend Jack, and we lock them here until we figure out how to screw their heads on right again!”
“…If you have a pen, I can totally give you the address of my guru who guides me through the exercises! I can sense you would benefit greatly from it, your aura is so – it’s so green. Not a good green though, the sickly kind you see when you’re… sick –“
“Is that why you’re here?” Cas asks, “kill me one last time? Take me off the board because I’m not important to the story?”
Castiel hesitates a beat longer than he should. Dean rolls his eyes and moves to take his hand and drops it in, curling Castiel’s fingers around it protectively. He tries pulling away, but with his other hand Castiel snatches his wrist and holds him there.
“You know it was because of us that your ship sunk,” Charles snarls, “Biding your time. Using him, leading him into a trap where you can string him up and have your way. Is that it?”
At the end of the guard’s simple directions, Cas finds himself in the eye of the hurricane. Mrs. Roman’s street ends with a roundabout that acts as an entrance for the gold medal of extravagance. A lighthouse that guides others in how to succeed in capitalism when you are already on the top. Cas eases the brakes until his car sits directly across from the front entrance, body stiff.
“Cas,” Jimmy sighs, Cas already imagining the wrinkles caused by saying his name. “What do you need this time?”
“Man’s an asshole,” Janet huffed, crossing her arms, “A narcissistic jerk who grades with a red pen wrapped around his dick.”
Migraine fast approaching, Cas interrupts before he tears through another page of a dictionary. “Listen, I was told I can leave, so…”
Cas snorts, flicking the other joint in his ashtray at Andy. It whacks him on the nose and slips through his fingers. He watches Andy unfold and scavenge his messy floor for the grass, Cas plucking the silver lighter in his front pocket out. His thumb traces the wing carved onto the metal. Lights the nub of his joint and then does the same for Andy when he holds it by the flickering spark. “So,” he says through a mouthful of smoke, “did the girl steal your grass before or after you two fucked?”
“Yeah! They sail the seas, robbing from rich fucks and snobs and taking it all for themselves,” Dean explains launching himself, and consequently Castiel, closer to the wreckage, “sometimes they buried it on islands, and made maps that would lead back to it.”
He finally releases Castiel to detour over to the sunken ship. Castiel takes a moment to rub at the skin before swimming after Dean.
He forgot about the steps. Sam caught him, guiding him past the threshold and into the cabin with lumbering haste. Dean’s vision returned to him soon, though. He drew Sam further to his side, for a loose hug, then shoved his brother’s oafish frame off of him. Dean supported himself using the wall instead. “What?” he asked, growling, “What is it?”
Dean’s head whipped around so fast she felt the breeze against her now-hairy forearms. “Wow,” he chuckled, a grim sound that didn’t rest easy, “you really look like him.” Mia moved to sit beside Dean, her hands off and in her lap. “So,” he continued, “do I call you Mia, or…”
“No.” He digs around in his pockets, finding and then tossing his keys towards her. She catches them with a pout. “I want you to go to the car, start it, and then lock the doors until you see me and Dean come back, okay? Can you do that?”
First thing he notices is a red beehive that reminds Cas of a volcano. Trailing his gaze downwards, he finds a pale, painted face under the explosion of hair, cheeks and lips an unnatural shade. Cas recognizes her immediately as the woman in the picture with Dean on his desk. Checking her ring finger, he sees the engagement ring. Although the stone wasn’t facing up, probably for the same reason she kept a death grip on Dean’s arm and had her purse bulging from underneath her shawl.
“You too, Dean.” Cas watched him scurry towards the officer, older man cuffing Dean behind the head. He missed what words passed between them but given how forlornly and scared he appeared when meeting Cas’s stare, Cas assumes he wouldn’t have liked it.
“What?” Dean scoffs, intent of continuing the game, “Finally thinking about trimming the mop on your head? I guess I can give you my barber’s name…”
Meg leans back and blows smoke upwards, showing off the curve of her neck. “Maybe it’s like that. Whatever she’s hiding that’s more important than her son’s safety is because it’s about her. They say grass messes with your head… but self-preservation is an even fiercer drug.”
Dean didn't miss when Cas' gaze flicked to the mysterious package sitting on the floorboard before answering. “Let's go home.”
"I appreciate your confidence in my ability." Cas smiled softly at the other man. "However, you're not the only one I'm doing this for. I want Sam and Kevin to like it as well."
“Holy shit, Cas! Not cool!” Dean put as much distance between him and the former angel as he could manage in the small room. “We're done talking about this. I don't wanna hear anymore.”
phone so if those strippers put it online, they did it after you guys passed out. Don't blame me, you're the one that picked them up because you couldn’t deal with your feelings for Cas like an adult.”
"Do you like it?" Castiel asked nervously the second Dean's fork left his mouth. They were sitting next to each other at the kitchen table with Sam and Kevin on the opposite side and platters of various foods spread between them.
Sam reluctantly took his hand for half a second then ushered a still stunned Dean and confused Castiel out of the building.
Cas immediately deleted the awful photo. He never understood why human beings insisted on turning themselves into colorful abominations when the world was already so full of monsters.
Cas' breath ghosts over his lips and Dean doesn’t move away when he leans in, sealing their mouths together. They clutch each other, bodies pressing closer as they both sink into it. Cas’ lips are dry but soft, and his stubble scrapes against Dean’s skin; it’s unfamiliar but electrifying. The kiss deepens and a low moan escapes from Dean's throat when he feels Cas' tongue swipe over his bottom lip.
While Cas worked on stretching Dean's hole, pushing in a second finger soon after the first, he resumed licking up the cranberry sauce from the hunter's stomach. Cas' tongue glided over the sticky skin, agonizingly slow in Dean's opinion, before he finally, mercifully closed his mouth around his cock. Dean gasped at the combined sensations of the sudden wet heat around him and being scissored open.
Dean kept going, sweeping his tongue over the head, mixing saliva and precome and going back down, nearly to the base without gagging.
The younger Winchester, who apparently had no trouble falling asleep, was sprawled out on the next bed, snoring so loudly Castiel was surprised the windows weren't rattling out of their hinges.
They lay stuck together for several minutes until Cas pulled his hand out and wiped it on a dry part of Dean's boxer shorts. “Did I sufficiently make it up to you?”
Dean laughed to himself when he heard Sam make and affronted noise and shuffle down the hallway. He rolled over to face the brunet and was meet with sleepy blue eyes.
,” Dean said pulling the sheets out from under the dozing ex-angel to cover them up. "It'll remember you."
Cas frowned at that, but climbed on the bed and straddled Dean's thighs, wrapping his arms around the hunter's back. 'This is not very comfortable,' Cas pointed out. 'Perhaps I should remove the rest of my clothing.'
,” Dean groaned. He lifted his knees and spread his legs a little more. Cas leaned forward to kiss each of his thighs and slowly pulled the vibrator out most of the way, twisted it around, then plunged back in. After a few thrusts, he turned the setting up higher and continued to move it in and out, changing the angle occasionally.
Nick stuffs his manhood back in his underwear, shifting. “I don’t know who you think you are or-or what gives you the right to come barging in here –“
Is this still a dream, he asks himself. Did I actually wake up? Dean waits, hovering near the doorknob. Remembers rushing last time, what waited there then. What he almost threw himself onto. Cycles through who might be waiting now. Something worse, a more terrifying monster. Or maybe mundane, like the motel manager. He’ll never know if he drags it out. Whether that’s motivation or warning, Dean can’t decide. What he does choose is flinging open that door and facing whoever was there.
“Don’t be an ass, Dean,” Sam said, “Demisexuality is a real thing, okay? It’s only being attracted to people who you have a deep, intimate bond with.”
. He cannot see Pamela from where he sits, but knows she's there. “Some other time I guess,” Cas sighs, pulling from the curb and onto the streets.
“As in ‘Operation Carnation’?” Cas guesses, Dean’s subtle nod a great sign. His insight was the missing piece, slotting together with the other pieces Cas collected in record speed.
“We’re not,” he tells Dean, finding a space on the floor for both of them. Releasing him, Cas shuffles a few inches and shakes his hips. “We’re building cover. Becoming part of a bigger thing, tuning into the universe –“
Backed by the gentle crash of the ocean waves behind him, Cas finds his vision blurring. Nearly asleep by the time Andy and Sergei return, chatting amicably. Grass tickles his nose, heady scent making obvious what kept them so long.
“Just Sam is fine. And yeah, better than okay, actually,” Sam said, “What finally convinced my brother to finally
Castiel must notice this queasiness, because he grazes Dean’s elbow. Uses words Dean cannot presently grasp. A wave of concern sweeps across Castiel’s features, transforming them. Drawing Dean closer, lost in his orbit.
then children. Dean went as far as distracting him one starless night while Sam escaped, then accepted the consequences of his actions. He joined Sam weeks later with Baby’s keys and a split lip caused by, who he described to Sam as,
Pity and confusion cannot eat up his entire evening, however. A light flickers on in the window of a nearby house, the very one Cas spent hours spying on. He peers through the darkness at the shadow of a man putting on a jacket until the scene cuts to black again. Then this dark shape steps out of the house and heads for a nearby parked convertible.
It’s going to be a slow morning. Dean doubts Sam will swing by before noon, meaning he has hours to kill. First, he leisurely showers. Scrubs at his scalp with gentle scratches, humming Zeppelin under his breath. Keening ‘A Whole Lotta Love’s chorus, coming into his hand. Lets that melody fade while water makes his come sluice off his hand, into the drain. He switches tracks, dries himself while softly singing ‘Going to California’. Thinks about their next destination. All those beaches he and Sam plan on visiting. Finally making good on their promise.
Dean forces himself into the present, a herculean feat as shadowed claws dig at him. Fight his attempts. He pries an eye open, then the other. There’s only Sam. Sam, kneeling in front of him on the sidewalk. Sam who, though he denies it, carries so much of their dad with him it makes staying calm near impossible. Dean sees a reflection of who Sam could be, that dad hoped Dean might be, that Sam wished he never would be. It was the reason why fatherly adoration came effortlessly when it was for Sam, even during days they hardly spoke. Dean acted as their go between. Hearing praise and relaying it; forever the messenger, carrying wounds and scars.
“Why me?” he muttered, “Why’s it always… why do I have to deal with it, with the after, with picking up the pieces of someone else’s
Jimmy squints at him, mouth trembling with the desire to frown. He retains his composure. “Actually, Amelia and I tried talking her out of getting glasses. The optometrist said her eyesight wasn’t too bad… if she cut back on the
Meg printed her story. Front page, like she knew it would. And because of the story the company that she assassinated settled with the environmental group by firing the heads responsible for breaking the law. Cas read all this in her article, including the little section thanking Clarence Harris for his help in breaking the story.
“I stopped?” Dean sifts through his memories, those last few minutes entirely unforgettable but completely hard to recount. “I did?” he whispers, “Maybe it’s because I’m straight?”
His attention drifts, and the moment fades. A man in a dark suit stands at the door of the abandoned building, stalling too long for any casual reason. He slips a key into his pocket, tips the brim of his fedora further down, and snags a waiting briefcase on the sidewalk next to him. Then the stranger begins his exit.
“Well, actually…” Ted glances at the door, nervous. He stands and creeps towards his door, firmly shutting it. Closing the scant few inches Cas left open when he first arrived. Back facing him, Ted continued. “Dick has left the world of finance all together. It became too stressful, and he couldn’t handle the pressure.”
“We should get that cleaned up before it gets infected.” She slips her hand around his wrist in a loose hold, guiding him up his office steps like a mother would her misbehaving child. Even with Kelly’s flown the coop, instincts offer a nice distraction.
Tongue whet after countless journeys around her vagina, Cas stops and rolls it back into his mouth. Briefly experiences the taste of Meg, eyes closed while a blissful smile stretches across his face. His whirring mind shuts off, all thoughts of missing persons and secret organizations and Dean buried under the comparable high of getting off. A forceful nudge reminds Cas that he cannot stay like that for too long.
What did you think? Don't expect chapters to come out faster than this lol I do have chapter 2 almost done (save for having to change verb tenses) but after I get that done chapters will be spread out more due to me working on other things or not having energy to write.
“You’re right, I wasn’t,” Cas continues, “but you were. And I’m sure that the angle you can provide will better contextualize the story and – ultimately – decide how the world will view Dick Roman.”
While going through his notes on Mr. Roman, he found himself re-reading the blurb he jotted down from Dick’s old lady. About the ‘retreats’ he visited after every drunken romp that spun out of control. How the Institute for Conscious Repair of the Human Soul marketed itself in the same way, which is why he ever stepped foot in the building.
Cas drops the joint. His jaw opens and shut like a screen door caught in a hurricane, seconds away from being torn at the hinges. Feels caught in it himself, thrown into the skies and left to plummet with no support. “Jack?” he asks, “It’s Jack?” Then, “You’re Kelly?”
He dropped his friend off at Singer’s after needling more directions from him. Then Cas began searching for ‘a really tall, abandoned building with wood boards nailed over everything, next door to a sex shop and across the street from a place that sells better tacos than the Shack on Gordita’. With no exact name, he circled the city for over an hour before settling by a hydrant midway on Artesia Boulevard. In front of the
talking but quit when it all gets tough. I expect the same from you. Just hope by then I’m in a much more forgiving mood…”
Cesar laughed, and then offered Cas a beer from inside. He agreed. Sooner than they could uncap the drinks, Cas had Cesar on the counter; sucking a bright, purple mark into his neck. That was the last night they spent together. From his latest postcard, Cesar survived his displacement well enough. Shacked up with an artist and relocated south of the border on a farm. Always insisting Cas should visit, when he finds the time. Cas saw the picture of his boyfriend –if he ever wanted to experience hardships as a marshmallow glued between two graham crackers, Cas would start hiding his grass now.
“Sleep sounds pretty good,” Dean yawns, hand squirming, wriggling for freedom. “How close is your house, Night Shadow?”
“So that’s what it is,” Charles cuts him off, “Mind games? Using pity and guilt to your advantage, playing with my son’s enormous heart?”
“You said you met him? Nick?” Kelly asks, “Do you think Jack went to him? That he might have had a hand in Jack’s…”
“I would hope so, could have easily done that without all the hassle of taking my fingerprints and snapping a few bad pictures of me…”
capacity, shadows still clung to his brother’s expression. He couldn’t tell, but there were moments when a fog drifted across his gaze. Cas would look at Sam, and vice versa. Shared concern flitting across the space.
“No, I can’t,” Castiel says, “not until you have a tight grip. Otherwise they’ll slip away.” He hopes Dean won’t argue, too tired to force Dean into following. If the fish escape he won’t chase after them. Dean is a grown merman, he can catch his own food. But he doesn’t have to if he does what Castiel says.
. “I guess.” Sam’s mouth thins, inspecting his brother very carefully for any hex bags or weird markings. “How’d you get it that length so quickly?”
Mia opened the front door slightly, peeking onto the porch through a sliver. Dean stood, his shoulders stooped from exhaustion and a haggard expression across his face that exaggerated every wrinkle on his pretty face. Quickly scanning him, she saw no sign of a weapon. She couldn’t decide if it were better or worse. Mia unfastened the final lock, fully welcoming Dean back into her home. “Dean,” she started, “what can I help you with?” Her grip tightened on the knife, sharp line of its blade shifting against her skirt’s fabric.
He looks at where the other man rests, not moving since he sat; almost fused with the couch. A fog spread over his meadowy gaze that reminded Cas of last night, though he knows that’s not the case. Dean trips on an even deadlier hallucinogen, worsened by the dregs of whatever remained in his system. Sinister because its poison grew inside. Cas shuffles closer, sitting on the edge. Kicking at his untouched shoes so they ram against his coffee table legs, startling Dean from his thoughts. “Hey,” Cas starts, hands glued to his knees. “It might not have been your brother?”
“Please…” Dean says, hiding his face behind his knees. Arms circled around his legs, curled into a ball. “Stop talking.”
Meg studies him like he was her typewriter, planning how she will make it tell the story she wants. It brings him back to when they first met over a year ago.
Dean blushed, a pretty sight that soothed the wrinkles on Cas’s forehead. “Sorry, I… I overstepped, didn’t I? Get a little tongue-tied around…” He clears his throat, dimples popping into view. “Your attitude reminded me of me. Well, when I was younger, I had problems with authority. But they can be pretty helpful, especially when you’re on the inside.” Cryptic then, but Cas brushed the strangeness aside instead cataloguing the way Dean’s plush lips stretched while talking.
Dean swallowed the lump in his throat and fought the urge to pull his friend into a hug. The situation was weird enough without adding physical contact to the mix. “...Yeah.”
in bold black letters before he whipped back around in his seat and threw his hands over his head. “Nope! Never mind. Sorry I asked.”
Sam's head whipped around to glare between the couple. He didn't know what was happening, but they were obviously doing something inappropriate. Dean was leaning forward slightly, his face beet red and his jaw clinched tight. Sam's eyes shifted to Castiel who simply blinked at him with an unreadable expression. “Whatever you two are doing,
“Dean, you were right that they shouldn't get away with what they did,” Sam said, defensively. “I really didn't think anything would come of it since you didn't file a police report and there was no way to prove it.”
“Damn, Cas!” Dean gasped, shocked to hear the normally uptight (when sober) Castiel dropping an f-bomb. “First of all, stop using air quotes, it makes you look douchey. Second, you're not a fuck up, okay? At least no more than the rest of us. If you don't want to go out tonight, I won't force you. We'll just stay in and watch the freakin' bee show.”
Cas sighed. His muscles protested the movement, but he forced himself to climb off of the bed behind Dean.
The girls looked at each other with amused and understanding expressions. “How much of last night do you remember?” the redhead asked.
Cas gripped Dean’s shoulder and moved the other down between them, wrapping his own hand around Dean’s and they worked together. Dean leaned forward, capturing Cas’ mouth again as they each thrust into their combined palms. He bit down on Cas’ bottom lip, sucking it into his mouth and loved the way the ex-angel moaned and bucked his hips.
“He's kidding,” Sam said and bitchfaced Dean, who was now muttering "Cristo" under his breath. The girls may have poor judgment and questionable morals, but they weren't demons. He was just thankful they hadn't poked around and opened the truck while the car was in their possession. “It's been a confusing day, no thanks to you.”
“Funny, Sam asked me the same thing earlier,” she mused. “The answer is no, not even I could do that. And, by the way, someone uploaded all of the unpublished works, just so you know.”
“So,” Sam continued and leaned closer to the counter, “we're looking for someone called Angel that was working last night.”
“I believe so,” Cas responded calmly, taking a hesitant step closer to the foul smelling creature. The thing was slumped over a large metal fork protruding from its scaly abdomen, nearly cutting it in half. Slimy liquid oozed from the body, pooling on the floor under it. “It doesn't appear to be breathing.”
“Yeah, don't mention it.” Dean clapped him on the shoulder gently as he passed, headed to the queen-size bed in the center of the room. He pulled back the already rumpled sheets and flopped down on his back, causing the springs in the old mattress to squeak loudly in protest. “Seriously, not a word of this to Sam. First thing in the morning, go back to your room.”
Cas thrust faster and bit down on Dean's neck, holding the hunter flush against him while they moved together. Dean was dripping precome and the slick substance provided just enough lubrication for Cas' hand to easily slide up and down his shaft.
Thinking if he was somehow wrong about Dean's intentions, he could later blame what he was about to do on sleep deprivation. He closed the small distance between them, aiming for the hunter's mouth. Their noses bumped together roughly -- eliciting a curse from Dean -- before Cas' lips made contact with the hunter's stubbled chin; completely missing his target in the dark.
Which is exactly what he’s doing! Dean watches Cas retreat, then heads back the way he came, stopping to hit the head because he’s had more than a few beers and actually does need to relieve himself. When he gets to the tv room, Cas is there with his legs spread out on the couch and his favorite blanket thrown over them.
Dean's eyes went wide when he realized what it was and he subtly shook his head as Cas' thumb pressed down on the power button. He had no time to prepare before the plug was activated again and started vibrating against his walls; thankfully at a much lower setting than before, but no less pleasurable. He bit down on his bottom lip, however it wasn't enough to hold in his surprised gasp and subsequent whimper.
As everyone turned their attention back to their plates, Dean risked another look at his partner (they were avoiding the term "boyfriend" because Dean didn't like the sound of it). Unlike the others, Cas wasn't eating, but rather staring back at him with a sly grin. The brunet discreetly reached into the pocket of his pants and retrieved a small remote control, holding it up just above the edge of the table so only his hunter could see.
The rest of the weight shifted off of him and Dean found that he was able to move his body again. He rolled over to lay on his stomach, unaware of how close to the edge of the bed he was and suddenly found himself hitting the floor. There was a stinging pain when his knees scrapped the carpet and he let out a hiss.
Dean laughed at the look on his brother's face and tried to ignore the fact that he was already half hard. Cas had promised to do something
Dean beamed at him victoriously. "I knew you'd give in, buddy," he said with a sly grin and winked. "Now get changed and try to fix your hair or something." Dean raised his arm to run his hand through the dark tangled mess, but stopped midway when he realized what he was doing. He quickly diverted to awkwardly pat Cas on the shoulder instead. "We, uh, we'll leave in an hour.
“Why'd ya wait?” Dean asked through ragged breaths. “Coulda fucked this morning or-,” he paused to moan when Cas rolled his hips, “or in the car, dressing room at K-mart, restroom at that diner-”
