“That’s good,” Sam said. “We’ve never seen Tony in a rut or even really discussed it with him.”
“Any plans tonight?”
Sighing, he decided it would be best to do as she said and get some lunch. His stomach, now that his mind wasn’t so hyper-focused on the phone, was starting to growl something fierce. If he kept this up, he would likely get a migraine in the next few hours and while the coffee would allow him to fix the latest slew of problems in the prototype, the coffee would make it worse. He would crash somewhere in the next twenty-four hours and it would
“It’ll be fine,” she reassured him when he was lost in his worried thoughts for a little too long. “Some of these scholarships you can apply for every semester. So just keep those emails I sent you and we’ll write new essays.”
Tony’s shocked expression made all his words die in his throat. Steve felt his whole body flushing and couldn’t help but groan and cover his face with his hands.
Little glimpses into the inner psyche of the person in love with them.
Tony resisted rolling his eyes again. “Come on, Pepper.”
“Oh, I’ve been here before,” Bruce said as they walked inside the coffee shop. Tony was proud twofold: he finally got the hermit to come out of his mountain cave and the hermit came out on his own occasionally. “I like their teas. They have a nice selection without being pretentious.”
But if there was something everyone knew, no matter the language, it was a work song that allowed chores such as grinding grain or gathering seaweed to be less of an annoyance. Stiofán has been singing such a song while working on the loom one morning. Antonius interrupted the lively melody to ask where Nat was. It was unlike her to miss the first meal of the day. Antonius quite liked seeing such a sharp, intelligent person as incoherent as a small child who had been rudely woken from a good dream.
“Does that mean we have a number of bodies to step over?”
“Sorry, I just got off for the day,” Steve said, all apologetic. “But it’s good to see you!”
“JARVIS took pictures for me. So did Bucky.”
“The oracle also said that you were beyond the realms of our gods,” Actus said. “That other gods had marked you.”
“Rhodey!”
, that he didn’t have to suffer alone (or at all), but he rarely did. He was going to change the world one of these days and they couldn’t wait to see the kind of person he would become, but for now, it was a struggle to not want to put him in a bubble and destroy all of the things that had made him think he wasn’t worth time or consideration or respect.
Perhaps someone was just simply migrating into the area? Or performing a pilgrimage to the burial chamber? He squinted his eyes to see better before he—
“Do I need to make a bouquet?” Tony asked quietly. “And attach the meanings of every flower to it? Do I need to shout it from the tops of the Tower? I could write odes about you. How much I love how fierce you are? How even though you look like a breeze can break you, nothing actually does? How perfectly you fit in my arms, how much I love that you end up holding me when we wake up? How much your beauty surpasses even the most loveliest of beings from classical paintings and sculptures? How little I care for those buxom beauties or proportionally perfect fabrications?”
The tail that automatically wrapped around his hindquarters gave it away.
The class was chaos for the rest of the semester.
This would be something he would have to bring up when he got home again.
one.”
“Hey there, welcome in,” someone called from the counter, bright and cheerful. “You just missed the breakfast rush. What can I get you?”
“Steve—”
Tony gaped like a fish for a few moments.
“A marriage license.”
Tony put the wrench down. “JARVIS, you are the most sophisticated, powerful machine in the world, surpassing everything and all. Why can’t you make with the hacking?”
“Yes,” Tony said, shaking his hand as he came out from behind his desk. He had a good handshake, as if he practiced. “Pleasure to meet you, Mr. Rogers.”
Suddenly, as they were heading over to Happy to drive home, his phone started to blow up.
When was the last time he had a low-key date like this? One where neither of them were after some sort of deal or trade agreement? Where he didn’t feel like he had to pull out all the complicated, over the top, and expensive shots to impress his date? When was the last time someone’s company and good food was all they needed to have a good time?
Pepper was assuring him that she would be careful.
“Me?” Tony repeated.
In a corner of the ballroom, hidden among some of the deeper shadows candlelight and champagne could not banish, a soldier gave her the slightest hand signal.
Getting Steve into the shower took longer than expected for two reasons. One, because Steve was reluctant to let go of Tony, and two, because they had to attempt not to trip over the ‘remodeling’ he had done.
Pepper gave him a single nod and helped him gather up the betraying petals before anyone else came in or noticed. She even opened the windows and ordered some coffee to disguise the lingering perfume.
Jarvis allowed him inside and only smiled when the front door was closed once more. That was how he operated: absolutely professional, the picture of the ideal servant, but only to those whom he knew would judge him if he revealed himself to be so much more than a mere butler.
He rushed over to then, crashing into Actus with a tight embrace. There were more shouts and confusion, but all of that faded into the background. Besides Actus and Peperi, who seemed to be healthy, there was also Petros, one of the younger servants of his former home. He had grown another
Or joining forces to annoy Bucky.
Steve stammered and blushed, going red more quickly than Tony had ever seen.
“So,” Tony drawled back.
And now Tony was immensely curious about this Mr. Rogers. He looked too clean, too All-American-Apple-Pie to be a former delinquent. There was no way. He had to have been a bookworm or some shy art kid who kept their head down and out of trouble.
Tony quickly sprinted up to the counter, lest someone try to steal it from him.
“Violets?” Bucky asked, frowning.
“Or I will beat you until you do,” the man threatened, leaning in and baring his teeth.
She would have fun, taking vengeance upon all these corrupted fools.
Okay, so it was nice to hear someone agree with him about the social trappings they were all caught in and how it was unfair to a bulk of the population, but—
with Ned or MJ. As a matter of fact, neither of them were around. Huh.
. Where did this even come from anyways?”
God, he had to stay awake. He couldn’t afford to lose any more time, not when people’s lives depended on it. Not when he needed to make an air-tight case against Stane and make sure the man never saw the light of day again. Then there was all the weapons he had to track down and destroy, not to mention the terrorist rings he had to blow to kingdom come, and—and—
It did make him wonder if he had to report Tony knowing to SHIELD.
Tony thought for a moment. “You know, no.”
On his pillows and sheets were small freesia blossoms.
Therapy and medication were recommended as well. Peter had been very hesitant about taking medication, and Tony had suggested caffeine, but the doctor argued that research regarding caffeine’s effectiveness was mixed. Even if he took some sort of pill form of it, it would be hard to figure out how much his body could handle without there being negative side effects like migraines, jitteriness, and insomnia.
“Ice cream does sound good,” Steve suddenly said, making them both jump. “Sorry, didn’t mean to scare you.”
“The librarians just finished. It’s no work of art, but the pages are all there.”
There was some quiet silence, just one shade away from awkward.
He had never been so embarrassed in all of his life.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony frowned and scrubbed a hand through his hair, finding the Lego pieces.
“Oh,” Peter stammered.
The loud complaint startled everyone. Tony inwardly groaned. He prayed to the wrong gods.
“What?”
“Payback!” Sam cried.
“I never pegged you as an author too!”
Steve was definitely going through a rut. Tony wished they had seen the signs sooner—how competitive Steve could sometimes get, how he was more likely to punch someone than try to talk it out, and a dozen other details that was more typical of alphas. They were idiots for assuming just because he was small and sickly that he was an omega. It made him wonder if Steve ever wondered about that himself. It never came up in their ‘relationship conversations’, not that they had many of those to begin with. Maybe they should have.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter bobbed his head. “She’s a sixteen year old girl from a small town yelling back at a monster that can rip her throat out. Yes, it’s a good part.”
Tony smiled. “Anything for you, darling.”
Steve shook his head and used the sleeve of his coat to wipe his eyes. It had seen worse.
Dinner and a movie turned out to be something straight out of a classic movie,
Tony raised an eyebrow, giving Sam a look. Sam raised his hands, trying hard not to grin. “Okay, I deserved that. I know you’re alright, Tony. The shovel talk is just tradition.”
“Come on,” Steve said, grabbing Tony’s hand. “We need to keep going.”
Yeah.
“I’m spiraling,” he said.
Steve rolled his eyes. “I’ve seen you work, and that’s just at the coffee shop. I know you don’t invent and create all of your designs there, so you have to work somewhere else all the other hours of the day. I think you just prioritize different types of work. Not to mention, you guys have computers to streamline so many tasks that we used to have to do by hand. We didn’t even have
In the corner of his eye, just on the edge of his lower peripheral vision, he saw a metallic sheen.
The Académie was still rejecting their work, now called
Now the real work could begin.
If only, if only …
“Sure,” Steve said, his amused face doing things to Tony.
“Okay, who spoiled it for him?” Tony demanded. He and Clint might not have been subtle about there being a reveal, but it wasn’t as if they could have guessed! “Who told them the secret?”
“Animation,” Clint requested.
No. He was not going to panic. He was not—
“So, courting.”
He tapped the table. “So … How badly did I embarrass myself? Or are we talking about never seeing you again because I was horribly inappropriate?”
Tony winced, remembering. That had been a miserable time—not only was he sick, but projects were delayed and the shareholders had panicked.
Bucky and Sam were laughing their heads off. Natasha looked like a cat that got a bowl full of milk and a cage full of canaries. Steve was blushing hard again.
Squinting and cursing his past self for not turning down the brightness on his phone, Steve flopped back onto his pillows and blankets when he saw it was Tony.
The man with the wheat hair spoke in a scolding tone, waving his arm towards the back of the cave. Antonius still couldn’t figure out why they were living inside a cave. Did caves not belong to their gods like his? Were they not sacred or forbidden? They should be living on a field with huts made of stone or in some sort of defended structure on high ground. Did they not fear the wrath of the gods? Or were the rumors true: that they did not believe in the gods? That they trespassed and desecrated sacred placed without fear of the consequences?
Steve on the other hand … Well.
She gave him a look. “Don’t be coy.”
, he prayed.
And his generation did have the benefits of microchips and processors.
Lunch turned out to be a number of things thrown together: sautéed vegetables, good crusty bread with butter, a number of cheeses, and the tea that had been offered earlier. Sure, it was simple, but watching Tony cook was entertaining, because he tended to forget that he was doing one thing, before jumping to another, and mixing up all the herbs up. Steve had to jump in, nudging him away from the stove (which was a novel thing he had only seen in catalogues or back in his mother’s house growing up) to salvage their meal.
Steve came out from the kitchen like a bat out of hell, causing a few people to startle as he rushed over to Sam. Out of his pocket, he drew a small knife and cut the tape.
“There you are!” Tony exclaimed from across the library.
“They had me work on some algorithms, but I just used it as a chance to hack their systems and get myself out of there,” he said. “I also had JARVIS copy their servers.”
Tony laughed and swatted his shoulder. “That’s still me, not you! Besides, you said yes. Now look where we are. I don’t think we would have this if we weren’t friends first. We might have gone months before we properly crossed paths.”
“Jerks,” Steve muttered.
“—and I don’t care about your medical problems, because I know you’ve been getting healthier since the university started that health program, and I swear, if none of your classmates have asked you to pose for them, they’re blind and shouldn’t be in art—”
Tony sent him annoyed texts well into the early morning.
He had fallen asleep over his work by dawn.
A few more coughs racked his chest, causing some pain, until the flowers finally gave themselves up and landed on his plate: deep red gladiolas flowers with a white edge around the petals.
Tony honestly couldn’t remember ever having a date like this.
The guard looked over the code for a few moments, but Tony knew when someone was trying to make it seem like they knew code and other tech. It wasn’t working.
. God, Steve was suffering and—
“We weren’t that bad, were we? I didn’t know about Tony’s feelings until today!”
God, he could kiss that woman for being so discreet.
“Well, slow down before you make yourself choke,” Steve advised.
Screw Flash and figuring out a resolution between the students or anything else. The kid was old enough to know that such behavior was stupid and wrong. Sure, he needed to be held accountable for his actions and behaviors, but Peter could be kept out of it and away from him as much as possible. Tony didn’t want him
Tony was not going to let one of the best friendships of his life get totaled because he had to go and fall in love with the way his hand held a pencil or the way sunlight got caught in his hair or how he could be so stubborn and passionate and such a little—
“I coughed up some
Antonius’ heart skipped a beat, because he was not sure if that was the work of Hēphaistos or an example of one of the curses—
And as much as he adored Tony, they were friends. He was lucky enough to get that. He was not going to blow that out of the water on a two percent rate of success.
Natasha’s grin was downright evil. “A little cold doesn’t bother them, but humidity? Then they are nothing but the most pathetic of creatures.”
“But he
Tony lifts a paw and scratches behind his ear. It’s weird.
“What about courting someone specifically?”
“What? Okay, one, Steve and I are
“I swear to god,” Tony growled. “I am finding a cure. This wasn’t even needed. I think you’re wonderful. My stupid hang-ups should not affect you.”
His employees in the main lobby paid them no mind. They were used to weird antics.
“Tony, I—” Steve shook his head and then motioned for him to continue.
Peter’s eyes darted away for a moment. “Yes? It’s really hard to concentrate and remember things sometimes. I try, and my dad has been helping a lot, but—it’s hard!”
Antonius stared at the shining rock in the niche with a sense of awe.
No, he was gaping like some sort of fish.
Jane could be the scientist going out to space to figure out the differences and similarities, bridging the two together, but he was happy to remain on earth and do things like fix climate change and annoy the hell out of reporters who need to relearn some manners and ethics.
“What?” the man asked. “How? Why? These are beautiful!”
“Are you sure?”
‘Science Bro’ was a mere title for the deeper connection that they had.
“It looks like you haven’t slept in ages,” Steve admonished. “Or had a decent meal.”
A few moments later, Steve came by and dropped off his coffee.
He sighed and wiped his hands on a dirty rag, the motor oil and grease smearing more.
Steve moved over a little to allow Tony to sit on the couch where he and Bucky were, smiling. Tony smiled back and kissed his cheek.
Tony laughed, and Steve started to laugh as well.
“I want to build them a toaster.”
Tony had a feeling his mouth got him into a lot of trouble.
Steve’s hands shook. He just couldn’t comprehend … he just couldn’t and his tongue was stumbling over itself, trying to figure out how he wanted to say something in English when it wanted to come out in Gaeilge. A part of him had hoped he meant every word of that letter, every syllable of waxed poetry and longing and devotion. The promises of fidelity and assurances of sincerity, of how if they could just meet and talk, all would be well.
They were the only ones who knew about the armor and Yinsen.
“You!” a general bellowed.
Thor blinked slowly at them and Steve felt like he had missed something huge. “Stephen, what do you think pining consists of?”
Steve kicked down the wooden door easily.
“Yeah. I guess I can’t either.”
Tony’s unamused, deadpanned look turned to something a little more curious. “Are you attempting to court someone?”
“Yeah, that’s because it’s one night out of the whole year!”
Tony had no idea what day it was. Screw time too. It was all relevant anyways, a human construct to organize and make sense of their universe.
“I haven’t seen this one before, so it’s going to be completely new for me.”
Today, it seemed that Bucky was either off or had some time in between classes and work. When he came home, Steve saw Bucky was lying on the couch, scrolling on his phone, the lazy brat.
He probably should have been more concerned with the potential for spilling the chemicals or getting caught up in some ‘horseplay’ and having his lab privileges taken away, but—
Well, that was true. Tony never did like sitting in meetings or doing paperwork when he could be creating something and making an applicable solution, not scheduling another presentation. Talking just wasted time, in his eyes. But back in Steve’s day, when there was more face-to-face communication and people were much more specialized in their skill and trade sets, that kind of communication did a lot more work. It got a lot more done because so many more people needed to be involved and robots to replace them hadn’t come along yet.
When he came in, it was testimony to how late (or early) it was because no one else was there and the lights were turned down low. The front door was still unlocked and he knew Steve well enough by now, so coming in shouldn’t be too much of an intrusion.
Across the café, Thor waved his arm.
He quickly left the building before she could drag him back. It was a quick walk to the place, if he kept his pace brisk to go along with the rest of the crowds, and he could see himself making this trip occasionally, if the place was worth a second visit.
Taking in a deep breath, Peter held it in for a few seconds, and then let it out slowly. He remembered what therapy had taught him about anxiety so far: how it was the nervous system reacting to fight and flight responses, to stressors. How sometimes the brain latched onto something and wouldn’t let it go because of a flood of neurochemicals. It would take him consciously focusing on something else or working with his body to calm it down. His ADHD did similar things, preventing him from focusing on something he wasn’t looking forward to or preventing him from taking a break or not obsessing about something else.
He knew that Stane was responsible for his kidnapping. He’d known that Stane was responsible for weeks now. Why was it hitting him this hard
Tony had no time to reply, because he had to get out of there—
The hand on his forehead gentled.
Tony allowed the change in topic and turned back to the mess of electronic parts, explaining the problem that had been going on with the microchips in one of their latest products. He was giving the problem a go, seeing if he could give their engineers some more insight before they made changes and sent it through another batch of beta testers.
Tony shook his head and pushed the marriage license forward. “No. I was trying to see if you’d take a hint and just ask me out. Or sign this before someone else whacks me over the head with a club and drags me back to their cave.”
Mr. Rogers winced. “Some parents are more difficult to communicate with than others. But as long as we support Peter as much as we can, Flash will eventually quit. Bullies generally do, once they no longer get anything out of it.”
okay?”
“No way, Star Spangled Man—”
“Tony!”
“See, that’s part of the reason why I love you,” Tony said. “You’re loyal. You can be kind, but you can be vindictive and I love how you hold grudges. I love it when you get all righteous, unless you disagree with me, because lets’ face it, I’m always right—”
“We have the high ground,” Tony snickered. Captain America and the sniper blinked at him. “Uh, old movie reference. But it might be really new for you two.”
Besides, Steve was not someone that could be merely ‘ogled’ at.
“I’m sure you’ll love it,” Natasha said pleasantly to a young mother who was getting hot chocolate for her children in front of him. From what Tony half overheard, one of them was allergic to milk and didn’t seem to like almond milk that much. Luckily, the coffee shop stocked plenty of alternatives for people to choose from, but the girl still seemed a bit sullen.
He read the text messages—which were still coming in fast—with growing alarm.
It would be worth it, but it would
It was just Pepper, he had to remind himself. Even though the workshop was in SI, there were no security cameras, no bugs. No one was allowed inside without a code, unless the building was on fire, and even then, he had safety protocols that went above and beyond normal regulations. There was no way that Obie would be able to get in and see what he was doing.
Steve gave an uncommitted reply, flipping to another page of his book. The red letters of
were now faded, but the rest of the cover was very telling: a large golden throne looming in the background and shadowed hands holding up swords, spears, and daggers. He was more than halfway through it and Tony bet Steve spent every spare minute devouring another sentence, too excited to put it down for very long.
“I like the one where Phil Coulson is really the president,” Bucky said.
He had his phone in his hand and he had called Pepper. He must have—
With a lovely flourish, he signed it.
“Oh, yes. Tony made it. He’s been working on resin projects when he can’t work in the labs at SI. Apparently there is a whole at-home resin jewelry making community.”
That was not something Steve had taught him back on the estate, back when—That meant Tony studied Gaeilge on his own time. He learned enough to say that. Knowing Tony and how much he enjoyed learning, how easily all manners of subjects came to him, he knew more than that.
“Are you okay, Tony?” Steve asked, voice full of concern.
“Hey!”
Steve laughed at himself, four weeks later.
“Mr. Stark, we are going to need to meet with some more specialized professionals, but I believe that your son has ADHD.”
It broke his heart when Peter asked questions like, ‘I have my own bed?’ and ‘I can sleep in today?’ He wanted to murder the people who would make him ask such things, would make
There was a commotion outside of the cave one afternoon.
. Steve tried not to jump to any conclusions, but he felt a little warm inside, thinking that maybe, just maybe, Tony felt safe around him and knew he could be counted on.
Someone was yelling something.
But because he wanted to prove to the people who stuck by him, who loved him, that they were
“Are you sure you don’t know who it is yet?” Bruce asked gently.
But his work there was only temporary, only when they needed extra hands during the summer to help with scything the fields or sawing down parts of the surrounding copse forest. Yes, hands were needed during the autumn, maybe even more so to help with harvests and repairing walls or pathways through the more formal gardens but … but …
And if he were being honest, Steve loved that about him.
Opening his briefcase on the coffee table, Tony brought out all the tools needed for a home manicure: nail polish remover, clippers, files, lotions, hand scrubs, and more. The quality was pretty close to the top and Steve knew he made sure everything was vegan, cruelty-free, and anything else that would remove any of Steve’s anxieties. Tony quickly and efficiently set up his workplace, getting a bowl of warm water, and plenty of towels.
When he woke once more, he could still not see. Water was still dripping from somewhere in a steady beat, the light sound echoing throughout the cave. He was still shivering and huddled somewhere. His chest ached and burned. There was now an unfamiliar weight upon it and …
Behind him, representatives from other nations waited nervously inside a meeting tent some hours away from the capitol.
“Yeah?” Tony asked, still working away at a bolt with a wrench. “Bring it up.”
He yawned once more and thus time, his jaw cracked.
Was it too late to call in sick?
He was still a bit of a mess, but that’s why he was still going to a therapist occasionally and had heart-felt discussions with Sam from time to time. That was why he visited his mother more frequently and continued to be roommates with Bucky, Sam, and Natasha. It could be a little crowded, but their combined paychecks allowed for them to get a really good apartment with decent commutes for everyone and quick access to a grocery store.
Then something else occurred to him.
When Steve got back to his apartment, he found Natasha sitting on the couch with her elbow on her knee, her chin in her hand
to assure Steve that he was not going to insult the most important people in the country, no sir. Then, Steve started to crack up.
Sadly, a shower only woke him up so much. He really needed food and more coffee. Something to distract him from the ideas running around in his head, or at least, a better filing system. He hated it when his mind decided to work against him.
Of course, Tony had said such things before, but that was when—before—
His father scoffed and called him plebian. His mother called him too ambitious.
“I am going to kill this person.” Tony growled.
They waited a few days before telling everyone else, wanting to enjoy each other and their change in marital status. The judge, who needed more paperwork besides the license, looked at them with a critical eye, but found no fault with their ‘unusual courtship’.
“I’m sure y’all are idiots,” Sam exclaimed.
“A dozen times!”
After that, it was a long and tedious waiting game of espionage and planning. In between planning this attack and pleading for aid from his allies, Steve wracked his brain, trying to figure out why he didn’t see this betrayal coming sooner or why he could not have figured out that Schmidt was coming for them on his seemingly random pillaging spree. Did he not enforce the laws fairly? Was he not merciful whenever he could be? Did he not keep them out of war, give people aid during famine and drought? Did he not do all he could to be a good king?
“Sure.”
MJ put her book down. “ADHD is fairly common. Your dad say anything about him having it too?”
Steve’s smile was so bright, Tony was left dazed for a moment.
and it would only be a matter of time before something horrible came of that knowledge, unless SHIELD did their jobs and stopped it. Telling Steve could only be a good thing. He couldn’t tell Steve about him being Iron Man, though, not yet. Not when there were so many threads dangling around them and he had yet to make a single knot. Not when too many people already knew, and while he trusted them with his life, he couldn’t afford the risk.
“So,” Peter drawled.
“What was the meeting about?” Steve asked.
Steve continued to hack up a lung, something he had not done for months, not since Tony forced him to go to a new doctor and took care of the initial examination bills.
“Why is this my life?”
“Someday, you are going to make lawyers quake in their boots.”
“Steve, thank you once again for introducing Shuri and Peter,” T’Challa said. “I know my sister would have been just fine, but I am glad she already had a support system here.”
“What is this?” he asked when he didn’t have to shout at Tony to be heard.
“History,” Peter answered. “Um, all of the US histories, including AP.”
Sometimes, there was a process long before that: having to gather certain roots, leaves, berries, bark, or even entire branches; drying them out or boiling them, grinding and mashing, mixing with other materials, straining and leaving to dry in the sun …
Steve nearly choked.
So far, no one had ever thought of asking his Ma for blackmail material and he was determined to keep it that way.
Tony looked up from the contracts he was looking over (and having JARVIS double check in case he read something wrong) to see a shorter man with blonde hair come into the coffee shop. Steve came from behind the counter and gave him a fist bump. He did that from time to time with random people, but they all seemed to have the same look about them. Tony figured they were either old friends or they were in the Army with him, Bucky, or Sam.
Someone could hear a pin drop in the room.
“Tony,” Sam greeted with a grin. “Hey there.”
“I’m not sure what makes you doubt
Stiofán looked back down at the metal arrowhead in his hand.
“Hey, any time.”
A cold wind whistled through a narrow window.
, because Tony was amazing in so many ways and he wanted to spend the rest of his life expressing that to him.
He went for another forkful when he saw a note taped on the lid:
“Sure thing, Stark,” Bucky smirked, as if he was laughing at his desperation.
Steve smiled, remembering how they all promised to find out every dirty secret, beat up, or offer couples therapy to anyone Steve became involved with that turned out to be serious. They also promised to tell him more about any red flags they saw, and thanks to his therapy, he noticed how they were more careful in their word choices so he could redevelop his sense of autonomy and self-confidence in his ability to make decisions for himself.
“You alright?” Captain America asked.
Huh. He should really learn the coffee shop’s actual name.
Captain America and the sniper shared a look.
The wall of hands seemed to be the most important project, a community effort that they built upon throughout the ages. As he first observed, some of the hands were smaller than others, made when the person was a child or even an infant. He was not sure what the colors represented, but the tool used to apply the paint on the wall was simple and efficient. So long as someone could blow the paint out of the reed tube as another held their hand on the wall.
“Pep?”
Tony snickered. “Man. I don’t know if I should show you stuff about quantum computing or have you write an autobiography.”
He was relieved that there would be one more adult on Peter’s side.
Steve placed his lunchbox on the counter and mulled over the question.
Tony had met Peter’s mother a little more than twelve years ago, during his wilder days, during one party or another. It was always his policy to be careful and safe, not wanting to burden a woman with a child he was expecting or landing his family (and later, company) with a scandal. No one deserved to have to be swept under the rug and god, no one deserved Howard’s wrath.
“I’m going to adopt you,” Tony said. Both of them had been avoiding that particular topic. “I’m going to fight for custody. I’m not going to let you bounce around in the system. I promise.”
“A-Are you really my dad?” Peter asked.
As Mr. Rogers spoke, Tony felt like he had a rug pulled out from under him.
He pulled Tony closer, pressing his face into his neck. “I’m sorry. Those omegas were idiots too, for making you think you weren’t good enough or something.”
“When did we even jump to that?!”
“But I had the umbrella! It was only polite! Besides, we’re friends! That wasn’t going to stop just because I wanted to court you!”
“Great. So. Any chance we could get word directly to Loki?”
Steve laughed and loudly kissed his cheek.
“Pepper!” Tony exclaimed. “Light of my life, beacon of logic and intelligence, tell Peter that I
Instead, Shem’el was able to send the arrow straight into its neck.
“We still saving up money to send them on a honeymoon someday?” Steve asked. “Or have we moved that up to when Betty graduates and can move out?”
“Could … we go to Aunt May and Uncle Ben’s first?”
He coughed and opened his mouth to say something (sue him for not knowing what) when another customer came in and broke the moment.
“Oh god, that’s hot,” Tony said, his voice full of awe. “Handwritten letters, damn. And here I thought it was a book you were writing. See? Oblivious. What did I do to deserve you? To even catch your eye?”
Bruce gave him a look. “Monks don’t give away their tea blends to American corporations. It would take away the reason why they make the blends in the first place.”
It must have been impossibly early, because Steve was grinding a fresh batch of beans. Music was playing already, but it wasn’t coming from the speakers subtly hidden around the ceiling.
He was still uneasy about Peter being bullied. He wouldn’t let the matter drop forever, but at least he knew about it and knew a name to go after first should anything happen to Peter, physically or emotionally.
Tony didn’t reply, but Steve heard him shuffle to the living room. He got a pitcher and filled it with water, setting it and a glass on the end table nearest where Tony had curled up. He then dragged a blanket from the back of the couch and tucked him in. It was good to focus on such simple tasks. They kept him grounded.
He was forever grateful that Shem’el knew some of his language, and so, could supplement a word or phrase here and there. It made Antonius wonder how he came so far away from the civilizations they both knew. Perhaps he was a traveler? A trader?
“Scarlet fever. I became deaf in one ear, but the serum brought it back.”
Inside, Tony was starting to freak out a little bit. One, Captain America saving them from a villain was the childhood dream of
One night, when his board of directors were hounding him, when the media was stalking him, and when the whole world just became a buzzing sensation of noise, Rhodey was suddenly on the phone and Pepper was holding him. He was covered in tears and the armor’s helmet on the floor, half taken apart, pieces of the second design scattered all over.
recipes followed, but Steve did not miss the subliminal messaging throughout the whole book. The obvious opinions the author had about omegas made him shudder.
“It’s alright, it’s been happening all week.”
Natasha gave him a look then, which made him clamp his mouth shut.
However, as he was dropping off some groceries before heading out again, there was a knock on the door.
Since he had been diagnosed with ADHD and anxiety, it felt like a huge weight had been lifted off of Peter’s shoulders. He wasn’t fidgety and impatient because he was a bad student. He wasn’t forgetful because he was careless or thoughtless. He didn’t easily follow directions or rules because he thought he knew better or was just disrespectful.
“There’s the man I know and love!”
“Be careful,” Natasha warned, even though the first contact (and god, it felt wrong phrasing it like that) went well. “I know it’s Steve, but this is uncharted territory.”
What was it about the damning evidence being on Stane’s personal computer that was so hard for him to swallow and wrap his mind around?
“She promised that we would get to do an outdoor experiment with driftwood later this week,” he added. “So that will be something to look forward to.”
It was located along a row of older buildings repurposed into shops and other places for the public. There were different curtains and knickknacks in the windows of the higher stories, likely apartments of the people who owned the businesses below. For being in the middle of the city, it was kind of quaint.
“Thanks man.”
Steve looked up and the amount of heat in Tony’s eyes felt like a sucker punch.
The tell-tale tickle deep in his throat.
The sniper threw the grenade back where it came from and Captain America leaped in front, using his shield to block off some of that blast. Going back wasn’t an option. Tony could feel the heat of the explosions and the rumble of walls falling down. This entire floor was probably structurally compromised and given that they were in a corner, they were trapped.
Apparently moving in with Bruce and accepting his proposal wasn’t enough of a clue to get him to realize Betty was perfectly happy with him, her father’s opinions notwithstanding.
Tony felt a pang in his heart. It was all too easy to forget that people took such risks to take on businesses and make something of their own, rather than work for someone else. Making money was difficult; few people really struck gold. Fewer people didn’t worry about bills or rent coming due or if they would have gas for their morning commute or even tuition for school. His mind instantly went to writing them a check, but that instantly felt cheap. It would solve their problems, but it wouldn’t. It would be better to make a donation to a veteran’s charity in their name or leave it anonymous. Then no one would ask questions.
Steve shrugged and took another bite of his taco. It turned out Steve really liked food trucks. Apparently, they were the best thing since sliced bread. Literally; he was there when it first hit the shelves.
Tony jumped with a surprised cry. “Pepper!”
He had JARVIS analyze text messages and photos, look through emails, and just about anything he could reach online, even stuff he was not supposed to have access to. When JARVIS, his wonderful, beautiful, snarky creation couldn’t find anything, he went manual. He scoured his contacts and made lists, thinking through every interaction he could possibly remember.
“You’re lucky he’s sweet on you,” Sam laughed. “Bucky would have made you run for the hills!”
She smiled at him. “Okay. Take all the time you need. You’re a good kid, Peter. Don’t let anything Flash—or anyone else bullying you—get you down.”
“I-I’m fine. I didn’t mean to—I mean—”
“I dunno, man,” Sam cautioned. “He wouldn’t let any of us in. Just about ripped Bucky apart.”
He made sure the air was being filtered within an inch of its life, researched everything someone needed to do when dealing with a fungal infection, and rubbed Steve’s back when Bucky gave a very worried, scathing phone call. He got blankets and tea and had prescriptions delivered. If there was anything he could possibly do to help, by god, Tony was going to do it.
“On the house,” Steve said, smiling. “Or more like, please try the croissants I made and let me know if they suck.”
“Nope. Come on.”
“It’s not like anyone would go through with it,” he mumbled.
However, it seemed that his flirting game was off. Any time he said something that would have been like a neon sign going ‘I AM FLIRTING WITH YOU DATE ME’, Steve ignored it. Or maybe he was being too subtle? Maybe he needed to do something raunchy? But maybe Steve wouldn’t appreciate that kind of flirting—especially at his workplace. Or, maybe Tony was setting himself up for some future heartbreak by wanting nothing more than to throw himself in Steve’s arms and kiss him senseless.
But that didn’t mean it didn’t hurt when no one stood up for him.
too much for either of them? What would it mean for him in the future, when he had to go on missions? Could Tony pretend it was just a day off for Steve and their schedules just didn’t line up? What would happen if Tony got kidnapped again? What if Steve wasn’t allowed to be on the team to rescue him? How had that even happened in the first place? Surely someone would have raised objections, saying Steve would compromise the mission.
Peter laughed, Ned’s excitement infectious. “Yeah, it will be.”
Tony’s whole demeanor changed: his shoulders slumped; he looked down at the floor as he picked up a rag from a nearby table and started wiping his hands.
“I must be missing them.” He didn’t see any employees when he went in, but it could be that he just went in before or after them, or maybe he was just too focused on Steve.
Tony’s jaw dropped. “Plug myself in? Plug myself—what is this? The sixties?”
, like from one of his old dime novels—he would be invited to live in a tower that was just as futuristic as those dime novel plots and live with the most amazing assortment of people he had ever come across. No one could replace his friends from his own time, but Natasha, Sam, Bruce … He felt lucky to know every last one of them, even if there were times they clashed, fought, and acted like children.
This was pathetic.
Antonius watched as Stiofán created the pigments that he would later use on the cave walls. He had a flat stone on which he would put the raw materials and he would grind it with another stone until they were a smooth powder. He would then take a deep bowl and mix the powder with water, letting it sit for hours until everything had settled. Then he would only take the water—which was now colored—and let that dry to grind it once more. Sometimes he repeated the process two or three more times to get a fine paint.
Conversation faded off into other topics: how Tony was now a successful mechanic working on machines that made life easier for the masses and pushing for reforms in the factories so those benefits would reach everyone, how his father wholeheartedly disapproved and couldn’t touch him because he was a financially independent adult, how Steve and Bucky had been with each other through thick and thin, and now, they had made it to Paris and a life that was slightly better than living in the crowded slums of London with smog and black lung.
“No,” he admonished. “That was something people only did in the nineties. I’m beyond that.”
“Well what?” Tony griped.
But ultimately, he would be alright.
But, try as he might, Steve didn’t seem to be very interested. Or maybe he was oblivious? Tony knew that he could be downright dense himself at times, despite his genius. Maybe he was missing signs that Steve was interested? Ugh, he was thinking too much and he was
“The power of voo-doo,” Tony continued.
“Oh my god,” Tony groaned, slapping a palm on his face. “Why? These are supposed to be the good guys, that was such a rookie mistake, oh my god.”
“Buk,” the man said, tapping his chest with his silvery arm.
“Tony! I don’t think they can make fifty!”
Every time Tony came in, he discovered something new.
He felt like he was having a panic attack.
He shrugged. “What can I say? We humans like to blow things up.”
JARVIS reminded him—again—about the hundred emails he needed to answer and send off, but he pushed those away and pulled up his designs for the armor, getting lost in the wiring and programming. He was going to avoid autopilots for the weapons as much as possible, not willing to chance something going off and hurting someone unintentionally because of last second variables. There was too much that could change in the blink of an eye in a battle.
Bucky said he was stubborn. Was he—?
It was another morning. The wind had a little more bite than usual, but the weathermen were predicting good weather for the trick-or-treaters. Tony was replaying everything that Cap—
“…probably,” Tony finally said, his shoulders sagging and his hands stilling. “You had to have gotten it from somewhere, but I don’t know about your mom’s medical history. But I’ve been doing a lot of thinking since you’ve been diagnosed.”
A small grenade bounced down the hallway.
“Focus!”
Tony hummed in thought.
“What seems to be the problem, sir?”
Tony picked one of the tissues up, pale cherry blossom petals falling down.
“Well. That’s okay. I mean, no one knows for sure if ADHD is genetic. I just … noticed some stuff, but it looks like you got it handled? I’m sorry, I’m probably making this worse.”
The pout became even more intense.
“Sure thing. So, why do you look like you two just rolled out of bed? Or, in Tony’s case, out from under a car?”
But then, as if there was a bad luck gremlin waiting for the right moment, he tripped.
“Cappuccino, please,” he begged when it was his turn in line.
He shifted so he and Steve were face-to-face.
“Beats paying rent in two places. Some people would say there’s a few lines crossed, but me, Sam, and Bucky got it worked out since we’re all equal partners.”
“What is—”
He nodded.
“Let’s hope we can work out peace and get rid of Schmidt.”
Stiofán smiled. “Yes. Lugh, the many skilled, the oath maker. The chooser of kings, the warrior who commands the spear. He is a god of many things, but above all, skill. Like you.”
Peter hesitated, shuffling his feet. “Maybe we should talk about this at home.”
“And I got lots of experience with financial stuff, or at least, I can hook you up with someone if you need someone’s services.”
But bullies didn’t work like malfunctioning hard drives.
Tony refused to inch back or even blink. “They proved that torture only makes people say what their captors want them to say. Anything to stop the pain.”
“Ever since finding out about you, he’s done his best to be the father you deserve,” Pepper had told him fondly. “And I haven’t seen him happier.”
“Man, shut up!”
If there was an alpha that Steve would attempt to kidnap on Alpha’s Night, or meticulously plan so the kidnapping would be successful, Tony would be the one.
If something was going to give him hell, it would be later.
Oh, wow. How was he even breathing right now? How was he even forming words without stuttering? Someone must be smiling down upon him today.
“That isn’t suspicious,” Tony muttered under his breath.
Somehow, Steve managed to draw some shooting stars.
“Awesome. Thank you again. Hope the rest of the week goes smoothly.”
“Thank you,” Tony said, his heart swelling. “I really mean it.”
Tony stared at him, expectantly.
The man gave him a smile, and maybe would have said more, if someone else didn’t come up to the counter right then. Tony gave him a quick wave and headed out.
“No.”
He let the silence linger, just glad that he wasn’t actually sick, that this would pass in a few days. It would be uncomfortable and odd, but at least the worst of it was likely over and most importantly,
If he never found anyone, he would still have them.
“Betty is coming back this weekend, but Bruce is staying out there another month, I think.”
Tony’s jaw dropped. “Oh—kiddo. I’m sorry.”
While continuing to catch up, and offering more congratulations, Steve didn’t cough or sneeze any more flower petals. It was such a relief. While it was nice to have some sort of confirmation that his friends cared about him, he wished that the universe didn’t manifest signs of it through flower petals. He could see it in their expressions, hear it in their words, feel it through their actions. Why would he need the universe reminding him when he had all that?
“Yes, love?”
“I ordered some books,” Steve gushed, gently pulling out multiple paperbacks and setting them on the counter. The editions were obviously old and second hand with cracked spines and aged pages, but he treated them like they were made of glass or gold.
this morning.”
Spending more time with Steve also meant more time with his friends, and vice versa.
The guards outside the chamber’s doors left, being ordered by a messenger to give support, as there were apparently rebels all over the castle.
Tony noticed how Mr. Rogers still looked disheveled, like the altercation lasted much longer than it should have. He wondered how much this ‘Flash’ kid struggled to keep fighting, because Peter didn’t have a mean bone in his body and he
(See the end of the chapter for
His gods might have had mercy upon him, but that did not mean other gods would be so kind.
“We thought the gods took you away forever!” Actus continued. “But then the oracle—”
Apparently, there was this miracle drug called ‘sleep’.
Parisian pastry chefs couldn’t hold a candle to this and he had croissants from Paris.
“What’s so funny?” Tony asked, snuggled into his side, the sheets tangled around their feet.
“Man, Tones, you sure do pick them.”
God, he never thought that Ob—Stane would be one of them.
“Bruce here is one of the foremost experts of gamma radiation, biochemistry, and nuclear physics! He’s a genius! Have some respect!”
“Tony? Are you okay?”
and his boyfriend was lounging around in nothing but a t-shirt and jeans. Okay, sohe was also wearing socks, shoes, and had a light sweater on the hat rack in the breakroom, but that was beside the point. Steve was comfortable and it was
Tony was not sure what drugs they used on him, but if he slept through an entire plane ride to Dallas
The two of them holding onto one another helped even more.
He set down his stylus and took the cup, taking a moment to breathe in the warm steam, eyes closing in bliss for a moment. No offense to Natasha, but whatever Steve did when he made coffee was magic. No one could replicate it.
for you!”
Tony would lose a dear friend.
“Connected to it, but any more than that, and you’re gonna need security clearance,” Tony grinned.
“Yes. It’s the one Pepper and Rhodey told me about,” Steve explained matter-of-factly. “I’m to find a newspaper, roll it up, and swat you with it until JARVIS says to stop.”
Peter’s face flushed horribly.
Ruts had downsides, just as heats did. Mild fevers, cramps, and headaches were common, along with the impulsive behaviors and tendencies to be more aggressive. They could be just as unpredictable and severe as heats.
the alpha he was hoping to court! Who even had the time to go to a meadow and select a specific variety of flowers to present to their intended? Let alone in the middle of a city? Did the book expect everyone to drop hundreds of dollars on a single gift? He should have checked the copyright date—he knew better—but he was desperate and grabbed the first thing he saw.
“He hasn’t been puking or anything? No symptoms before this?” Tony asked.
“Make sure to buy a muffin,” she commanded. “Steve says you don’t eat enough. I’m getting tired of him worrying about you.”
“What—” Tony gaped.
See, Tony
“Did you just use air quotes?” Tony asked in disbelief.
Everything was quiet, save for wind and crickets.
It was hard, knowing what he looked like and knowing what society idealized. He studied art, he made it. He knew that he looked nothing like the models in magazines or even the famous stars of classic Hollywood, or even the people on young adult romance novels. He also knew that beauty came in many forms: a campfire, a summer storm, a sunlit meadow. What mass media pushed as the standard was just a small fraction of the beauty a person could possess. Even someone who might be conventionally ‘ugly’ could rival a beauty pageant queen.
Tony laughed. “You already took one!”
Stephen Strange suddenly came into the room with two girls following him: one seeming to be in high school, the other in elementary.
Steve smiled at him. “Thanks. But all I’m saying is that we won’t know what kind of impact Iron Man will have until we look back on all this later. Though I can’t fault him for trying to do something good.”
That was a good sign; maybe he wasn’t fully gone on instincts and hormones just yet.
“Thanks.”
Steve snickered. “Don’t lie, you love it.”
“Steve Rogers.”
. He told me we’re going to talk about what’s been going on lately at school, but he didn’t want to talk about everything without you present, but I have no idea what else there could be to talk about besides suspension—”
deserved.
“You got some …” Steve tugged some of his own hair.
Steve sighed.
Buk made a snorting sound and then pointed to Nataliya.
Tony narrowed his eyes at Steve, considering. Calculating.
“So, when are you gonna propose?” Bucky asked. “Before or after he and Pissarro tackle one another again?”
Tony was petrified.
“You were late.”
But that meant he wouldn’t get to see Steve as much.
“Change it.”
Upon opening his eyes and seeing a burlap bag around his head, Tony kept his cool until the last of the symptoms of the drug wore off. He had no idea how long he had been out, but by his estimates, it took an hour for the drug to finally work its way out of his system. In the meantime, the people who came in and out of the room he was being held in all had loose lips, blabbering about this project or that mission. He carefully filed all of that away and hoped that villains never learned to never talk in front of prisoners. It always made them easier to defeat.
Tony was still snickering. “I don’t believe you.”
It was ludicrous to expect results only two weeks into treatment, but he hoped—
The man grinned sheepishly and bent down to pick up the tools that must have fallen out of the metal container that was in his hand before they collided. From the amount of wrenches and screwdrivers, Steve guessed him to be a mechanic or engineer. “I work with a lot of people from a lot of places. You pick up things if you’re paying attention enough.”
Mr. Rogers stood and Tony quickly did the same, though he stepped closer to Peter and put his hand on his shoulder. Peter automatically leaned into him and Tony still felt his heart swell every time he did that. Most kids, after learning about who their absentee father was, would be leery of them, especially after being shuffled around in the foster system. Peter, however? He acted like Tony was the best thing that happened to him, like Tony had never screwed up once in his life.
That he had the courage to break up with them—that the fall out wasn’t worse than it already was—
Then he realized that he was alone in an interrogation room with Captain America. He tried to get his heart to calm down. He really needed to work on that. If he was seeing a doctor about his heart, his doctor would be prescribing him all sorts of things like meditation and quitting SI. It was alright, he was alright. He could thank his childhood hero for saving him and then walk out of this room any time he wanted to. Nothing was holding him back. Not a thing.
Steve frowned hard at him. “You? Lazy? Who on earth would say that?”
The list might as well be ‘everything but …’ if there was ever an exception.
He prayed to Athana for wisdom, if she would hear him.
No one else mentioned it again either.
of all places. Thank goodness they were on the same page about being as vague as possible, should anyone be listening. “Kiddo. It’s a bad idea.”
“Thank you, Peter, that was wonderful,” Steve said.
Peter gaped. “S-She what? But Flash calls me stuff like that all the time!”
Pepper looked unamused. “The phone will still be there when you come back. An hour. Get some food and then go to bed at a decent time tonight. If you keep this up, it’s going to be like last winter and you’ll be down with a cold for three weeks.”
“Wrong. Your cappuccino will be two-fifty.”
Their walk down the hallway was quiet, uninterrupted, and completely anticlimactic. If only he could have left the place in his suit, blowing up everything as he went. That would have been
“No, you’re not,” Pepper said, looking positively giddy. “He’s right. I’m happy for you.”
Tony said ‘love’ in a sentence referring to
Dear holy—
“There,” Lorna said, brushing her hands. “No more shedding or desire to chase balls.”
Tears stung his eyes as he went down the cobblestone streets, passing by fashion shops and cafes. He walked through crowds congregating around florist shops, farmer’s markets, and the local water fountains. It was a lovely spring day and he was perfectly miserable.
On all the tables were small mason jars filled with sunflowers and autumn leaves. They were probably fake, but that was alright. The arrangements added pops of color and cheeriness, but because they were all the same, didn’t add to the chaos that made up the décor already. It was kind of soothing to have something consistent.
“You didn’t know I was courting you?” Steve asked. “You really didn’t have a clue?”
Tony slowly approached the bowl and started eating a walnut half.
Peter looked at Tony with panic in his eyes.
The man started to rant once more, his choice of words becoming more vulgar. A woman somewhere behind Tony gave a gasp and he knew some kid’s ears were being covered.
The mission where Bucky lost his arm, which he was
The floors and walls had stains from grease and what looked to be burns. One wall had some sort of metal grate system holding tools of all kinds: saws, hammers, wrenches. Multiple tables took up a majority of the place, strewn about at different angles and distances from one another. There was hardly an empty surface: books of different sizes and thicknesses were in haphazard stacks, tools and discarded work gloves were in messy piles, clamps and hammers hung off of edges, there were mountains of unlabeled containers holding only God knew what, and …
It was another after-hour’s night, which was starting to become more regular, and not just because he and Steve were officially dating. Pepper was growing worried about his lack of sleep again. So was everyone else, but he was just too restless.
“Alright. I’ll hold off bringing it up again until the end of sixth grade.”
Nat single-handedly killed the war-like tribesmen who had kidnapped her and other women from her tribe, dragging them from their cold, mountain homes to the desert cities. They were to be sold into the slave markets, but the gods whispered in her ear. They told her when to strike and where to go after their captors’ souls had been carried away. She led all the other women to different places where they would be safe and find new clans and tribes. Then they guided her until she arrived on this island, where she met Buk and Stiofán.
“You live in the floors above?” Tony asked.
They should have known that going up nine floors without any more hiccups was too much to ask for. After they punched another hole into a maintenance closet, they realized that their coms were down. Captain America and the sniper clearly did not like the lack of outside support, but they seemed to roll with it.
Tony nodded. “Yeah. I gave it to him while he was still in the system. It was the first thing I ever gave him and it became really important. I wrote him a note in the front cover.”
Heat flooded his cheeks and he hastily returned back to his book, even though he couldn’t tell a single word apart.
an asshole. Steve was pretty sure that he was going to be okay, because he didn’t even think of their name anymore. He had his friends and Ma looking after him and by his side through thick and thin.
Sam smacked Bucky’s arm, not seeming to care that it was the metal one. “Quit it, you idiot!”
“What can I say? I managed to duck Mrs. O’Leary.”
“Welcome!”
Carol laughed. “Graduation. I got a spare bedroom waiting for them.”
“Yeah? Where was she from?”
Steve considered it for two seconds.
He still just threw the flowers away.
Steve winced at the rain that was coming down like buckets. His day had not gone any better. Due to the rain that had started earlier that morning, traffic had been worse than usual, resulting in him nearly being late. And also, he burned the pie.
Peter’s class was having one of those project presentation nights. Specifically his history class. With Steve Rogers. The class with the teacher who was too hot to be real. Who was also too amazing to be real, because dear god, people like Steve didn’t exist anymore.
“Thank you,” Steve said as Tony walked him to his apartment’s door. “For lunch and the … you know.”
“Oh, that,” Tony said, putting the wires down. “It went well. Quick meeting. He was just checking in and letting me know how you were doing.”
“What happened in Milwaukee?” Tony asked, his ears perking up.
Correction: he burned three pies.
When he was finished with it, he mourned his loss.
Steve had a problem.
Steve smiled at him, his eyes watery and the tip of his nose swollen from blowing it so much.
A combination of medicine, some therapy sessions, and comforting rituals like movie nights—and a rut tracker application on his phone—negated so much of what would be a miserable experience every month. Actually knowing what was going on and what triggered some of the worse instincts was a miracle too. He hated feeling possessive, territorial, and grouchy. No one deserved to be snapped at by him just because his hormones were going out of whack.
“What is that?”
“With A Plan.”
“The place on Avenue de Clichy?” Steve exclaimed. “But they’re—I can’t! It’s like trying to get the moon and the sun share the same sky!”
“Oh my god. You are twelve!
But he supposed that was incorrect for most of the work force. There were plenty of people who did not get to sleep in on Saturdays. Most of them were underpaid too, which sucked, but he was going to have to tackle that social issue later.
Steve shook his head. “No. Because they’re suffering too. They … they think that for some reason, I wouldn’t want to be with them or even give them a chance. If someone likes me that much, but don’t think I wouldn’t even listen to them … that someone like me … they’re suffering more than I ever could coughing up dandelion fluff.”
Steve wiggled his fingers an episode later, gently tapping on his nails to see if the polish was still tacky. In the light, his nails shimmered slightly, the nails filed and buffed to a soft round shape. As always, Tony did a wonderful job.
“Yeah, underestimating villains are for newcomers,” Rhodey scolded. “You know this. How many cartoons did you make me watch when you were a teenager?”
Fun fact: following the ‘write what you know’ rule can be really fun, because you can insert all sorts of random things into the most unusual places, and it makes for a really interesting story.
The man rolled his eyes and went behind him, using a blade to cut the zip ties. Tony rotated and rubbed his wrists, careful not to move too much. The guy looked like he could snap him in two.
Pepper’s only reaction was to cover her mouth in silent horror.
The two actors crept around the room, caught in some deadly, instinctive dance, just missing one another by mere inches and seconds, until Sherlock slipped into another room.
“Throughout the week, students can put up comments, questions, and other things to be discussed. They’re encouraged to look over them frequently to answer their peers’ questions, help elaborate thoughts, and bring them up in classroom discussions. If I see a question with a lot of tally marks, I know it’s something we need to address through instruction.”
He felt numb.
His whole body ached. He wanted nothing more than to curl up somewhere and not move ever again. If he did not move, if he did not do anything, then he would not create. Tools would not be abused and people would not suffer. He wanted to sink back into darkness and blissful cold, but this was the realm of the gods. If they did not want him to linger, he could not. They had shown him mercy and it would be foolish to incur their wrath by not listening to them.
Steve gave him a look. “Bruce is a good friend. I already know that. He probably got the letters I’ve been sending him. How the post office finds him, I have no idea.”
Those were the same words in the letter, but hearing Tony say them was so much better.
“Thanks for letting me ramble.”
“Oh, that’s good. But I really should be—”
“So, you’re in the know?” Sam asked as he handed Tony his cappuccino.
A relationship between Steve and himself would be something. He could see it, the possibilities.
He turned around just in time to see Captain America vault himself to where he was.
“Yes!” he exclaimed, like he had won something.
Of course, this was not how he had imagined Tony coming over for the first time going.
Steve bumped his shoulder. “How about we go on another date before you pick my old timer’s brain for war stories?”
“How’d the meeting go?” Peter asked later that evening.
Natasha rolled her eyes and handed Tony’s cappuccino to him—Steve was currently bussing tables, because store policy was that no one got stuck doing the same job all the time.
“No,” Bucky said, glaring at Tony hard. “I need to take my break. Steve, you’re taking over.”
Tony chuckled a little. He should have bought flowers just to keep good on his Twitter threats. There were so many people wondering what he had done to Pepper now.
With just music playing to help someone guess at the pace of the plot and the mood of the setting, one really had to make a lot of inferences and pay attention. Overall, the plot wasn’t too exciting—it seemed to be a mashup of different plots from the original canon, set in the 1920s instead of something more Victorian. Tony supposed that was a trait of Sherlock Holmes: he could be adapted to any time period, depending upon what someone wanted to do.
There was still the threat of Warlord Schmidt coming back with more armies, as it was reported he somehow escaped the burning throne room, but they had dealt him heavy blows that night. It would take him time to regroup and by then, they would be ready for him.
“I …” He stammered, unable to voice his thoughts.
Steve couldn’t help but look away again, his stomach churning at Tony’s bold words. He felt embarrassed, exposed. He didn’t look at Tony again until Tony reached up and cupped his face with both hands, turning his head back slightly.
The night was hardly over.
Building it, testing it, and taking it out to fly had been some of the best moments of his life. Here he was, doing what he was meant to do: creating. Sure, he had been creating things since he was six. Maybe earlier, he didn’t have the best memory going that far back. The flashing lights of cameras, the glamorous parties overflowing with drinks, and all of the other vices he’d indulged himself in were … not mistakes, but he hadn’t learned the lessons he should have quickly enough.
“You want to risk that?” Pepper asked. “I mean, his temperament has improved … but …”
“Tony, I’m sorry. I—”
events if he wanted to. Maybe he could convince Rhodey to come with him and distract Pepper with the Big Chocolate Show. It was worth attempting.
“Hey! We’ll see if you like that once you’re back to your regular self!”
“Oh, Petey,” Tony murmured. He motioned for Peter to come over and hugged him once he did. “It’s alright. Like I said, I’ve been doing a lot of thinking. But I want to focus on you. I’ve been dealing with how my brain works for literal decades. It’s normal for me. You’re still adjusting and are getting the help you need.”
There was also Ioanna and d’Arcy, who would continue to the northern lands in search of a man who had made promises to Ioanna. They would also look for their families, strange events having taken them far from their homelands.
He was a skinny, mouthy Irishman from the worst slums of the city. Tony was the heir to a title and thousands of pounds. Somehow, they still met, even though they both had tempers and loud opinions and could be very, very stupid. This likely wouldn’t be the last fight they would have and it might take a number of years for Steve to get over his own insecurities. Hell, it would take Tony years to get over his own, because being a lord was no easy task either and he just inherited it not too long ago either.
They went on several more dates: another movie and dinner, museums that Steve hadn’t gotten a chance to get around to yet, some walks in the park, and one fantastic trip to a video game arcade. It was ‘vintage’ and ‘retro’ for Tony, but utterly new for Steve. It was amazing to see him absolutely kill it on Galaga, only to get beaten into the dust on Mario Kart by a child.
Tony thought that the universe just sucked was the most plausible.
if they couldn’t prevent kids from knowing what it was like to be harassed or belittled or beaten up or ostracized? What happened to creating the maybe
Peter started laughing harder, needing to wipe away a tear from his eye.
If the situation were not so serious, he was sure Tony would quip that this was cliché. Kidnapping a king from a locked tower, though it lacked a dragon.
“Well, I figured I’d take care of a sick boyfriend one day or another.”
forehead. “Don’t do that again. We might rely on cartoon logic sometimes, but that stunt was just stupid.”
“Nataliya,” the woman with shocking red hair said next, interrupting his thoughts. Her eyes shone with something, like she knew his secrets. Her accent was a little different than the others, but maybe that was why her eyes shone. He knew of some people who could command the tongues of more than one people. Such knowledge often affected their speech no matter what they spoke. It was a great gift to have, to be blessed with.
Tony shrugged and focused back on the conversation instead of the mysterious sniper’s whereabouts. “What can I say? When you get kidnapped on a regular basis, it gets kind of boring. I also got some insider info about these guys too.”
. This amount of beautiful people congregating in one place only happened in the movies. Why was this happening? What was reality anymore?
What was he buttering him up to?
Now, he kind of wanted to bunker down in the workshop for the winter. Three months of non-stop inventing and designing. It would be glorious. He would be like a reverse Santa Claus, except he actually brought joy to the world through technology instead of just toys. Or was that what the elves did the rest of the year?
“What power?” Bucky called.
It was the afternoon and Tony was back for a second visit to the coffee shop. Steve came out from behind the counter, wearing a leather jacket, keys in hand, just as Tony stepped inside. He must have had an afternoon shift, because Tony didn’t see him that morning.
Peter had sat down as well, but didn’t move the desk closer. Mr. Rogers addressing him made him startle. He had been fidgeting with the sleeve of his hoodie, like he had been trying to pretend he was anywhere else. Tony didn’t blame him.
Lorna stepped forward. “It’s a family spell, so only a family member can break it before the spell wears off. I apologize for what my sister has done. Mother is going to make sure she’s grounded for a long time.”
Carved into it was the symbol also carved into his chest: a circle with lines radiating out, as if it were the sun.
“You were able to decrypt their files?” Agent Coulson asked.
“Until we can get some actual doctors here, can … can you just stay? Please?” Tony asked desperately.
“No kidding,” Steve confirmed.
Steve laughed, open and loud. “God, I hope not! Though that might have been easier to adjust to. Do you know how much the world has changed in seventy years? Miss Lamarr would be impressed with how far you’ve taken her spread-spectrum techniques.”
“Focus on the students. Because that’s why we’re there.”
“Tony, don’t worry about it,” Steve said.
And he knew how crazy that was.
“It’s … I don’t even wanna
Rhodey hugged him, slapping his back a few times before pulling away. Tony grinned, happy to see him back from another one of his tours. He had no idea where he had gone, classified and all, but he supposed that he could have JARVIS look him up. You know, just in case anything should happen. Maybe have the armor ready as a backup plan, because things always happened.
Tony grumbled and flicked his tail, annoyed.
He knew he was a vindictive, sarcastic little shit who got into too many fights. He was mouthy and hated traditions that were caused by the differences between alphas and omegas (especially things like wage gaps) and was barely fit for maybe carrying kids someday.
“They drugged me with something, but it’s out of my system now.”
“Hm. Flowers or fancy cars?” Natasha mused.
. That they found him, that they were
“You don’t think that’s a bad thing?” Tony asked.
“This is much better than you reading that dumb book. Much more personal. Very personal. You sure you want to give Tony this?”
“Did it feel like they just dropped the whole ‘blackmailing the prince’ thing?” Tony asked when the movie had ended and they were heading to the exit of the dimmed theater. “I think the girl might have had more to say about all that and the death of her sister.”
“Didn’t they say it would end by this afternoon?” Steve asked aloud. He knew he checked the forecast before leaving that morning, but it could have changed since then.
“Starbucks?” Tony gasped.
Whatever had gone off either had to have been huge or it had to have been connected to a number of other smaller bombs. How had they even survived? How did he get so far away from them? How the hell was he going to make it back to them safely?
Pepper was worried that people would start to question his ability to lead the company and make good decisions, but that could wait a while longer.
If anyone minded their embrace, no one said.
“Thank you, Rhodey, I owe you one,” Pepper said.
. Two, this meant that Captain America was put back on ‘duty’ after his ‘recovery’. Sheesh, SHIELD wasted no time. He had only been out of the ice for about a week. Three, this meant that his kidnapping was involved on all of this on some deeper level. Things were getting messy. Messier.
He didn’t care if HYDRA was in control of this floor too, he could work with this! Even if they were evil masterminds bent on world destruction, geeks thought alike. They did similar work. They needed the same equipment. He immediately rummaged around in a cabinet and found a drawer filled with tools. Someone seemed determined to be well-prepared, because not only was there an extra-long Ethernet cable, there were two screwdriver kits, a multimeter, and … a solid iron pipe wrench?
No, he was not paranoid.
Tony spat out his coffee.
“Coffee it is.”
Perhaps he would stay; perhaps he would not.
“Tones!”
“Everyone thought his parents knew?” Tony whispered.
The horns and trumpets swelled, taking over, and Steve looked up then. “H-Hey,” he stammered, starting to blush hard.
“You’re Tony Stark. I wouldn’t put it past you do so something else.”
“Great, the old ball and chain,” Clint muttered.
“Oh? Maybe
“Not everyone,” Tony argued. “Some couples stay together.”
day of the year.
, Steve!”
“Let’s just … figure something out,” Pepper said, rubbing her temple. “What is the best thing to do for an alpha in this kind of situation?”
“Good luck with your work,” he said politely, without attempting to take a peek at what he was doing, like he knew it was rude or was a paranoid pet peeve of his.
Next to him, Pepper chuckled. “It is good to be back.”
were my courting attempts. They just didn’t turn out well. Like the pie. The one I managed to not burn did a faceplant on the sidewalk.”
“Uh-huh.”
Tony gently bumped their knees together, more like a nudge.
“Both work. But I don’t care. This is my place and I can host whomever I live.”
His therapist said the condition was called ‘body dysmorphia’. When he first heard it, Steve didn’t know what he was talking about, but it slowly made sense: how he was so critical about his appearance, the anxiety he had about his weight … His various medical conditions didn’t help, but now that he actually had decent medical insurance, he was getting some of those addressed. Hopefully, within a few more months, he would be better at managing the symptoms and recognizing his triggers.
, he had not been turned into a cat. No, for some reason, someone thought he should become a squirrel.
“Tony Stark?” he asked, sounding surprised.
“Oh, shit.” Clint’s voice echoed a bit, so he clearly had a visual on Tony, but not the reverse. “They were serious about that? You’re really a squirrel?”
your personal tools,” Mr. Thompson hissed. “They are professionals and are for your mother’s
sound competent.
He hoped they wouldn’t fight about it. He hoped he would say some smooth line and everything would dissolve into a wonderful make out session.
“Yes,” Captain America replied. “Safe and sound.”
“Yep.”
That he still muttered in Gaeilge under his breath was no one’s business but his own.
“Then stop being a chicken!” Bucky shouted.
“I’m—I’m not going to shuffle them away,” Tony exclaimed, defending himself. “I’m purchasing them to fund their conservation and restoration.”
“At least he’s not gotten onto conspiracy websites or something!”
Tony wondered if this was punishment for something, because if someone loved him, truly loved him, to the point where he would be coughing up flowers because of that love—surely they would gather the courage to tell him so he wouldn’t suffer like this.
“Aww, you two are so adorable,” Bucky cooed. “Here, let me get a picture!”
“No?”
“Great.”
“Same. Any word on when she and Bruce are coming back?”
“Steve, what the hell?”
“Thanks.”
“So …?” Tony drawled. He knew his son was smart. He knew he had many original ideas and different ways of thinking. Sometimes the two of them got carried away discussing one thing or another and it led to Peter’s name having to be put on the copyright documentation of a project.
One day, the clan was muttering about something.
Steve’s heart pounded painfully in his chest. What would Tony say next?
He gulped.
“Triple shot,” Tony said.
Peter leaned against Tony, sighing. “Okay. You okay?”
And honestly?
“Ha, ha,” he deadpanned. “But seriously, if you’re not going to divide it up, I’ll happily buy the whole thing.”
! How old were you then? Ten? And why has Bucky not aged a day?”
Steve swatted at him with his tail, but missed.
Tony typed out notes on his phone to follow up on later as Steve talked, but the conversation had to be quick as he had other parents to attend to. Quite a few took the time to speak with him about general school matters, which was good to see. Sometimes the informality of a presentation, and the lemonade that was usually served after these events, made such meetings easier than the dreaded parent-teacher conferences. Tony hoped that the ones he would continue to have went as well as that first one did. Definitely life-changing.
They had long been his favorite, ever since he out grew flowers like daisies and dandelions most kids liked, at least until they learned about other flowers.
“I know it’s a bit old fashioned, but—” Steve cut himself off, rubbing the back of his neck.
Before him was a large room brimming with chaos.
He took out a handkerchief and sneezed a few times, hoping the petals would come up quickly and end soon. In the end, there was a good pile of petals all over the floor.
“Damn,” Tony said. “Sorry, but wow. His parents sound awful.”
Bucky undid the cuff of his sleeve and rolled it up so Tony could see where skin ended and metal began, running all the way up to his shoulder. After a second or two, Bucky pushed his sleeve back down and no one was the wiser.
He recalled screaming, begging—
It was a few minutes more before Tony made it up to the counter, still exhausted, but probably feeling a lot better than Sam was at the moment.
It was just an accident when they found him. They weren’t even looking.
“And that is great, but I think that is only going to do so much.”
Steve checked on him once more before Tony noticed the time. It was getting towards closing time for the coffee shop, which was already late for general business hours.
Pepper rolled her eyes. “You’re not the only one raving about that place, Tony. I’ve had at least two dozen other employees sing its praises.”
“Who doesn’t like a guaranteed happy ending?”
Tony was drumming his fingers on his knee, feeling the same sort of dread.
“Man, that just sucks.”
“No.”
“What is it?” he asked at long last.
Tony nodded and guided Peter in, soon followed by Mr. Thompson and the other kid, and finally by Mr. Rogers, who then closed the door.
Steve hummed to himself as he returned books to their proper shelves. Today had been a good one. So far, no more petals had come out of his mouth and his allergy medicine had kicked in a few hours ago. No book, no matter how old and dusty it was, would cause him to sneeze or his nose to run. With flu season a few weeks away, everyone always gave him dirty looks when he pulled out a tissue. He rolled his eyes every time and always made a show of pulling out some hand sanitizer. As if he would forget to do something basic like wash his hands. Honestly.
“I can confirm that,” Mr. Rogers added, stepping forward. “I heard the commotion from inside my classroom and came out to see what was going on. The two of them were on the floor and various books were scattered. Peter was on top of Flash momentarily, but I only saw Flash punch Peter. I did not see any actions prior to that. I then went over and separated them. Flash resisted quite a bit, which is why I called Mr. Thompson later on.”
“I am capable of many things,” she quipped back. “Those idiots are lucky to know how to roast and bake.”
“Yeah! I cannot believe the direction they are supposedly doing in!”
He had a right to grumble a bit too.
This resulted in a healthy mixture of different students: those almost done with their bachelor’s, beginning freshmen, med students, art degrees, and more. Despite these differences though, most of them agreed the class was not really giving them anything worthwhile.
“Thanks,” Steve said dryly.
There were helicopter parents that crippled their children from kindergarten; parents that required documentation for every little thing lest they use it as ammo; parents that would never believe that their students were anything but perfect angels who would never cyberbully another student; parents that refused to cooperate with any grading policy. There were parents that never came to after school activities or answered their emails. There were parents who were encouraging enough, but seemed to speed away the moment their kid was in front of the school.
Antonius felt … relieved? Saddened?
Coffee Shop AU Tropes & Cliché Suggestions From The Stony Discord Server:
Tony sensed another ‘but’ coming and not the kind he would like. Tony blinked and forced those thoughts out of his head. No. This Rogers fellow was the enemy, potentially one of the reasons why Peter was having such a miserable time at school when he usually excelled at and enjoyed learning. What used to be one of Peter’s favorite places was now a personal hell.
a problem.
Tony’s heart skipped a beat again. It wasn’t because of the caffeine.
Oh boy.
“Tony? Tony!”
“You can’t take those paintings!” he has yelled, the words echoing down the halls. “They’ve been in the museum for generations! You can’t just buy them and shuffle them off to some penthouse where no one else can ever see them! That’s just selfish!”
you automatically think romance?”
“It’s good,” Tony said, taking another drink. “Classic, but not. Never heard of demerara sugar before though.”
Steve blushed, but adjusted the blanket some more. “Nothing overboard.”
“You say that as if it were easy.”
Knowing better than to throw a loaded gun, Tony held it out in front of him, seconds away from firing a bullet through the man’s skull if he had to. His hand shook a little. His throat burned. He was tired of being out of his depth. He was tired of being caught off guard by bombs and goons popping out of nowhere and having to abandon every plan to get out of here.
“What makes you say that?”
He was a genius and he was
for these two to trust him like this. Later, they would probably make a comment like how it was his plan and he obviously knew something they didn’t and while that was technically true … They still trusted him to not lead them into a dead end or something worse. It was a heady feeling.
Steve sighed and leaned down, kissing him softly. Tony sighed into it, realizing that he was stiff and sore, but oh, was kissing Steve like a soothing balm.
“It’s not
“Thanks,” he said as Clint handed him his beer. God, this was getting old.
One day at a time.
Holding up a finger, Steve went below the desk to retrieve a book placed on hold.
When he learned about all this, Bucky was going to tease them for
Bruce came in about an hour later. Tony had finished half of the nuts and some water Natasha poured into another bowl. It was awkward and a little humiliating, but surviving this was a little more important than what little dignity he had left.
“Architect?” Steve asked, coming over with a regular cup of coffee.
That they had a more serious problem was left unsaid.
Steve chuckled. Soft, fond. “The ones who are still around have told me so.”
“Don’t make me call your Ma.”
“I saw Bucky’s hand,” Tony began. “I know my work when I see it.”
Mutely he stood up and headed over to her. She led him outside of the classroom where the hallway was blissfully silent and slightly warmer. Flash wasn’t there either.
Sure, he didn’t get preferential treatment, but this wasn’t some exclusive club. It was … it was the coffee shop. It was a million times better.
“I’m going to make it illegal to drone on and on like those guys did,” he continued, watching the coast line of Manhattan draw closer. “If someone can’t be excited for what they are presenting, then there is clearly a problem with it.”
jerks.”
Even if Tony wanted to solve it sometime yesterday.
“Yes. He apologized for that, but there were some delicate diplomatic situations he had to be addressed. Captain Rogers was informed of this absence as well.”
Then the alarms stopped.
Who kidnapped someone on a Saturday?
“I’m getting that heating pad and some aspirin. Is there any medication you can’t take?”
Overall, being a dog was more mildly inconvenient than anything else.
“I dunno. Did I make things better?”
No one liked bran muffins. Tony wasn’t sure why it was even carried.
“—and I don’t care about your medical problems, because I know you’ve been getting healthier since the university started that health program, and I swear, if none of your classmates have asked you to pose for them, they’re blind and shouldn’t be in art—”
She shrugged. “I saw him once when I picked Peter up.”
“And then he took one of my books,” Peter mumbled, wringing his hands. “Then he tore some pages out of it.”
Bucky rolled his eyes. “If they’re not, I’m buying out a florist shop and making them choke on all
More people came in and out for the next hour. Then, someone came in, but they didn’t say a word. Tony counted the minutes. Five, ten, twenty. He could barely hear the person breathe and to be honest, their staring was getting to be uncomfortable. But, no one else came into the room, or if they did, they did so without making a sound.
“No idea,” Clint said. “He’s a jackass.”
“Respect that they are making you suffer?” Tony demanded.
He tore off some toilet paper and wiped his mouth as Bucky laughed.
Under his cowl, Captain America looked amused.
“Perhaps they gave him too much of the drug,” a fourth person mused. “Or perhaps his system took it harder than most. Physiologies do differ.”
The sniper didn’t take the gun from him. Tony put the safety back on.
“Ready to head back in? Or do you want a breather out here?”
A part of him hated that anyone knew.
Peperi, Actus, and Petros had already added their handprints in a bright yellow color that matched well with the reds, whites, and oranges of the other handprints. Morgan had giggled when her hand was dipped into the paint. Hers was a little smudged, but it still made him smile to see it, so small among everyone else’s.
going to be done in by something as simple as not being able to punch or know how to dodge.
He was
Taking the lead, Tony took them outside and around the corner, where it was a bit quieter. Hopefully, the area wasn’t bugged and no nosy neighbors were going to listen in. There was a small bench marked as a bus stop, and Tony sat down. Steve hovered, before sitting down too. There was about a foot of space between them, and it felt like a gaping chasm.
Everyone knew that they were the sacred realms of the gods. They were places to be feared and respected, avoided except for when the gods demanded tribute. No one knew how deep they went. No one knew where they went or what was to be found inside them, beyond the horrifying legends of the underworld and the lands of the dead. To go into one, to go beyond where the sunlight lingered, was to bring death and ill fortune upon the clan, for the gods would never forgive the insult of a mortal crossing into their world.
“I will. I’ll give you my boss’s email.”
“Speak for yourself,” Sam muttered. “It’s cold.”
Mr. Rogers chuckled. “Don’t we all?”
“You guys!”
Snacks were made. Blankets were freshly washed. Reed diffusers replaced candles. Netflix was queued and ready to go. There were heating pads at the ready too.
Steve knew that the whole idea of courting an alpha (or an omega for that matter) was old-fashioned, but dating hadn’t worked so far, so he thought, maybe … maybe …
Steve dodged the man’s sword and Tony shot him with a blast of magic.
Tony considered it for a moment. Steve’s cappuccino was a gift from the gods. Coffee fanatics and experts would weep once they tasted his cappuccino and beg for his secrets, or maybe to personally make them coffee forever. Unlike a lot of other cappuccinos Tony had over the years, Steve’s was just … wonderful. It was robust without being too bitter. The milk was rich, but didn’t disguise the lovely caramel aftertaste. He could drink the stuff forever.
How the hell did Bruce find out about his crush on Steve anyways? Sure, he knew Bruce went to the coffee shop without him, he didn’t have the man on a leash, but he was only with Tony
“That’s … pretty cool,” Tony admitted. “I saw Peter’s handwriting on a lot of notes under the answers section.”
“Pumpkin spice latte, but without the spice.”
Natasha quirked an eyebrow, but made him the hot chocolate anyways.
“No, she’s off today,” he replied.
It had been a few days since that horrible situation with the love letters. He had managed to brush off most of his embarrassment and not think about it. The love letters were now safely in the back of his closet where only dust would find them.
Steve did not ask what they specifically betted on or how long it had been going.
“Uh. Yeah. What he said wasn’t a big deal.”
“I—I thought—” Steve swallowed, obviously trying to sort his thoughts. “I wasn’t sure what I thought. I always assumed I would never be appealing to anyone. I mean, you guys tell me all the time … but Bucky’s like a brother and everyone else is my friend. You’re
First, he was too warm.
“Yeah, but—”
“Any plans tonight?”
Antonius was amazed. All of them were brought together by trials and tribulations, determined to stay together and protect their clan.
Kill him.
He knew that it would take a lot of work and quite some time to overcome his insecurities, but he knew that he could do it. He was getting better.
“Sam is my favorite,” Tony declared. “All of you can go home.”
Bucky gave a firm nod. “And not getting down on one knee to propose to one of them.”
It was going
“We swore never to mention it again!”
“What do you mean?” Tony growled, hating how his voice went higher.
Steve nodded. “Yeah. You are.”
They all hugged it out, though, or in Bruce’s case, shared some tea over a long discussion, catching him up on everything, since he didn’t know about the armor before now. It was agreed that as long as Tony gave them a heads up, they would be alright with him using the suit again, especially if it was because of an emergency. It was like they knew the suit made him feel safe.
“Hey, I got an idea,” Tony declared, his mind buzzing with schematics and possibilities. He fired a few blasts, which weakened a panel on one of the robots. “I always wanted to do this!”
“I should?” Steve asked with a confused blink.
He was shorter than him, like by half a foot, and looked like a strong wind would blow him away. His cheeks were flushed with anger and he looked ready to punch someone.
“What about after they’re not my teacher anymore?” Peter asked. “Then there’s nothing ethically wrong, right?”
“You’re a squirrel!”
“Hey,” Steve said, recognizing Tony’s ringtone.
“Good thinking. We were wondering what that was about.”
Steve shrugged. “Looking back at it now, I think our whole friendship was leading to something more. Don’t know why I didn’t see it.”
melted away. They chatted over their burgers. He stole a few of Steve’s fries. Steve happily took Tony’s extra lettuce and added it to his burger. They joked and mused, asked ridiculous questions, and weren’t interrupted by well-meaning friends. If anyone recognized Tony for who he was, they kept their mouths shut. He had a feeling that someone from the paparazzi would print photos tomorrow, but he didn’t care.
“See! I told you!” Tony exclaimed.
“It’s too hilarious,” he explained.
“Uh. Research.”
“Only every other week too,” Tony added, mulling over his own experiences with therapy. They had helped somewhat, but what tended to help him was a firm kick in the rear. Peter probably needed someone to talk to, given all that he had been through. “Lots of time to test out whatever they recommend. Come back with thorough results.”
“Let’s watch a movie and get you something to eat. I’ll change back if you find a solution or not, so there’s no need to make yourself sick.”
“Whatcha doing?”
But it didn’t have to start today.
Little details like that mattered when it came to courting.
Tony nodded. “Yeah. We’re going to have to look into all of that, see how much of a fuss the government is going to put up.”
Second, he was really twitchy.
“Pull up a seat,” Steve said, putting an unopened box of something savory and spicy in the space allowed for him. It looked like they ordered Thai for dinner.
A few hours later, they were still working on the miniature suit, going over how the power of the arc reactor had been changed with Tony’s body. That was the part of this transformation Tony was doing his best not to be freaked out about, because of all things that magic decided to keep the same, it had to be that. What, did magic decide not messing with technology was the best route to go? Why bother transforming him at all then?
“Mr. Parker? If I could talk with you for a moment?”
“Peter, is your father aware of the different issues you have been having in your classes?”
“As if we don’t make bad decisions or need to choose something like mental health over physical comfort,” a redhead sitting next to the sunglasses man added.
Sometimes. When the directions weren’t stupid.
“I have been looking for you all day.”
Peter pulled back, wiping his eyes, but he was smiling a little. “Aunt May will tell
Hell, HYDRA still existed.
Steve stared at the paper.
He kind of wanted that, though.
Then, there was a slight uncomfortable pause.
“This is Peter,” the social worker said, leading Peter over to Tony.
“I should have told you,” the man sneered. “I’d blast your brains out if you got out of that chair.”
Tony yelped and spun around. He could feel all of his fur stand on end.
“Think we can do this?” Steve asked.
Tony smiled brilliantly as if he were
He wanted to hug Peter and bundle him up in a blanket and feed him chocolate forever. He had been through so much. Why did the universe keep knocking him down?
Tony laughed. “Exactly. But I’m sorry I got grease on your painting. I know how hard it is to make something, no matter what the end product turns out to be.”
“So, I’m back in the Tower?” he asked. God, he hoped he was. He could tell that he was naked under the sheets of his bed and he did not want to know how that happened. “Wait! Where’s my suit!”
“Tony, good morning,” Steve said, sitting down next to him.
Tony’s mind was further boggled when kids could have depression, anxiety, and all sorts of other mental conditions
Tony grinned and gave him a quick kiss. “Later. When you’re off work and I’ve cleared some stuff and we’re scot free.”
“Thank god,” Tony muttered, hugging him. “I was not looking forward to the smell of wet dog.”
Steve grabbed and stuffed a dumpling into his mouth to give himself more time to think before he said something he would regret or have to spend ages explaining.
were different headers: questions, comments, answers.
That asshole missed on
Black tactical gear made up the man’s entire outfit. There was even some sort of mask covering the lower half of his face, goggles obscuring his features further. The only bit of skin he could see was his fingers, because apparently gloves got in the way of using the sniper rifle he was carrying. He wondered, then, if his loose hair was a liability or a stubborn fashion choice.
Forget about Natasha being a troll.
The sun coming through the window felt wonderful. It was probably because of all his fur that he felt warmer than he normally would have, but …
It was another late night.
Speaking of which—
such an idiot—”
His mind skittered to a stop.
“Thanks for mentioning that money
“I got nothing better to do in the mornings,” he replied.
The professionals at the school (and an outside psychologist, because like hell he wasn’t going to get a second opinion) agreed that Peter had ADHD. They also suspected that he had anxiety, but given what had happened in his young life, they were not surprised.
Somehow, Captain America got him that cup of coffee, before going to get cleaned up. The coffee was awful, tepid and bitter, absolutely nothing like Steve’s. But he drank it anyways, holding onto the paper cup like a lifeline.
“Forgive me if I don’t believe you.”
they were doing.
Tony was personally excited for the coffee festival and their version of Comic Con, though he really could attend
As a beta, Tony didn’t have to deal with heats or ruts himself, but he always tried to be there for those who did. Sometimes it was as simple as ordering take out for his friends, other times, it was as complicated as looking through all of SI’s policies with some lawyers to give everyone equal protections as employees. Everyone’s experiences differed, from the lengths to the symptoms, but as far as he could tell, few people had a pleasant time.
Steve flushed, looking away. “It doesn’t matter. I know I’m not the … most desirable omega out there. I mean, I tried, but—”
“Hey, it got us together,” Steve said. “Who knows how long we would have danced around each other without the threat of apparent death by flower petals?”
Tony bobbed his head nonchalantly. “Thanks.”
It was like being back in the Stone Age! He had to start from scratch!
“No, no,” Tony interjected. “Let’s go with this and look at the facts. Ignoring everything we know about him, his symptoms sound just like a really bad rut, with territory issues and everything. We’ve all just assumed he was an omega. Has he ever been to a doctor to confirm?”
“Peter,” Mr. Rogers greeted, looking up from his laptop. He took off his glasses, closed his laptop, and stood up in one fluid motion. “Mr. Stark, I assume?”
“Sure, sure. I gotta head out to another … thing, function. Whatever you wanna call it. We still on for lunch Wednesday?”
And there was light.
She at least deserved some apple cake.
“Yeah,” Steve muttered. “It’s ridiculous. I would word it more strongly, but I’m at work and there are kids in the building.”
was over. It had been three weeks of conferences, business meetings, having to negotiate contracts and wages, approve plans, and assure other companies that they were not making a mistake doing business with Stark Industries. Many of the duties Tony initially struggled with had gradually been shifted over to others, such as Pepper and her staff, because Tony was
to him?
“Then get to work, or we’ll have to verify that theory.” He stepped away and motioned to someone outside of the door. Another agent came to guard him.
“So. Apple cake and freshly laundered sheets,” Bucky said. “Got it.”
Steve felt his cheeks flush hotter. “I attempted to write love letters and bake pies. Um.
“W-What?” Steve exclaimed as Jarvis started to leave.
“Hi.”
Tony struggled, unable to quite put everything into words. “It’s just—how do I know —”
“You know I’m not interested in Alpha Night,” Steve said. “It’s a stupid tradition that doesn’t do anything for anyone. We all know that even if someone got kidnapped, nothing would come of it. Everyone would go back to business as usual.”
“Yeah?”
Tony hoped he didn’t scramble to stand up. The handshake was firm and warm. His smile was friendly, though he couldn’t tell too much with his cowl still on and obscuring other aspects of his face. His eyes though … they were definitely smiling too.
A nasty part of him whispered ‘no’.
solve—
Tony was just at the other end of the counter, ducking out of another meeting. He really should buy some coffee, or even one of the in-house donuts, but the puns and lack of descriptions under the specials menu was taking up all of his thought processes. It was an eclectic grouping of names and he was sure that like
Oh god—
“Well, we have our heats and ruts here all the time,” Sam said as he stirred his curry. “Dunno why he would go all the way to our apartment though.”
Rhodey rolled his eyes. “You and coffee. Just marry it already.”
Steve smiled. “I wouldn’t mind another one.”
A wind blew hard.
The wooden floorboards creaked slightly as he walked further in, past mismatched wooden tables and even more mismatched chairs. Though the breakfast rush had died down, there were still a few people seated, working on their laptops or chatting over half-eaten scones. The scent of roasted beans and pastry grew stronger at the counter, where there were croissants and muffins under glass cloches. A coffee roaster was against a wall painted entirely with chalkboard paint. Multiple handwritings made up the menu.
“You want to talk about things with him? Past relationships and all that?”
Then he knew a darkness deeper than the one surrounding him.
He had to be
Peter nodded. “Yeah. I use a bunch of alarms and reminders to keep me in track and to help me remember to do things, like writing down homework or taking my medication.”
Other stories were shared.
It was the least he could do.
“No, I need to pull an all-nighter. Hit me with your best shot.”
“Oh my god,” she muttered in disbelief. “You’re a squirrel. Tony, we’ve got to figure out how this happened and how to reverse it.”
Bruce and Rhodey shared the same opinion.
“Hey, think we can get away with blowing this course?” Bucky asked to his right.
“Mr. Stark, thank you for waiting. My name is Agent Coulson,” an agent said, coming into the meeting room with a thick file under his arm. He seemed to be completely normal, with a mild smile and brown hair. His suit didn’t look designer and he didn’t even have any glasses to make him stick out either. He could probably disappear in the blink of an eye, only to appear somewhere else, ready to kick some serious ass with a bag of flour or a spork.
“Idiots!” some commander or another shouted. “Leaving the dungeon undefended! I’ll have their heads!”
He owed her flowers. A room full of flowers, even though she begged him to never, ever do that again.
JARVIS said from his phone, which he was using as a portable scanner.
Refusing to back down from a bigot and getting hauled away by police? Concerning.
Saturdays were meant for sleeping in. Saturdays were meant for early morning cartoons and sugary cereals. Breaks from work and studying.
Tony grunted and adjusted until he could grab the now thoroughly smashed box and pass them over to him. The first tissue came out torn, but the next few came out alright enough. Tony let Steve collect himself. He could still tell something was eating at him, though.
“How are you not cold?” Tony hissed, feeling a righteous fury in his veins. Here he was, dressed in layers—
Eventually, Tony made his way to the kitchen. Natasha was at the breakfast table, reading a book with a cup of steaming tea. She probably just sat down.
“You are going to
Tony checked himself before Captain America could again. “Yeah, I’m fine. Nothing major.”
“Lies! Slander! Why I—”
Captain America looked like he was going to say something more when the sniper put his hand on his shoulder. “Come on, we need to keep moving.”
Pepper gave him a look like she still wasn’t convinced, but she only sighed and handed him some more paperwork to look over and sign. Tony finished drinking the coffee because it would be a waste otherwise.
Steve hummed to himself as he did the dishes, happy to focus on something productive than something he couldn’t change. While he often had the bad habit of forgetting to do the dishes, he never minded the chore once he got the ball rolling. There was something nice about cleaning everything and refilling the cabinets, knowing that the kitchen would be reset for the next day. He also enjoyed waking up to a fresh, clean kitchen early in the morning without having to worry about a full sink or a sticky counter.
Natasha stabbed a man about to hack Clint into pieces.
“My team needs him to finish some algorithms first,” a second person said.
Bucky, Natasha, and Sam were all sitting in the apartment’s living room, tense as if someone were on their deathbed.
Natasha took a swallow of her tom ka. “He said he was around when it happened?”
Steve frowned. “I was going to congratulate him again for his speech. He must have practiced it a lot at home.”
Except Natasha, to an extent. She liked to send Steve candid pictures of Tony.
Tony shook his head and pushed the marriage license forward. “No. I was trying to see if you’d take a hint and just ask me out. Or sign this before someone else whacks me over the head with a club and drags me back to their cave.”
Tony sighed. “Yeah. I’m probably obvious about it. But it’s not a good idea. I’ll admit it, I got a crush on him, but I don’t know if it’s from being star-struck because of what he did for you, or if it’s because I like him beyond his capacity as a teacher.”
The line was longer than usual the next visit, but that also might have been because it was a Wednesday? Maybe? Either way, the line was longer and he was running off of four hours of sleep. He prayed to all sorts of deities that nothing went wrong for the next one hundred hours. There were meetings, men in suits breathing down his neck, interns scrambling around for some reason and he was really, really annoyed that some simulations were not working despite hours of troubleshooting.
“He is only in the form of a dog. He doesn’t have an urge to fetch things. Do you?” Bruce asked.
Tony’s smile was blinding. “Later. This is about you right now, because I am determined to drive any and all thoughts about you being unworthy out of your head. Those other alphas? Assholes. They didn’t know what they had. You let yourself get
If he wasn’t what they wanted—if he wasn’t what they
So, he headed down to Steve’s.
It was clearly a conspiracy. All of them were models on the run from some horrible, manipulative, abusive fashion house that was involved with the mafia.
confrontation.
His brain was just wired differently and he couldn’t concentrate like most others. It meant he had to take medicine and work hard to incorporate routines into his day, but there was nothing wrong with him. There was nothing bad about him either.
That cappuccino was delicious. It was wonderful.
After that, Steve personally learned that Tony was brilliant, intelligent, gorgeous, he had a hilarious sense of humor, appreciated all movies and music … he could go on about everything that made him an amazing person. Steve could compose sonnets, write songs, paint pictures. If he did any of those creative pursuits … well, no one really had to know.
Ned paused in eating his lunch and MJ glanced up from the book she was reading. The rest of the cafeteria continued as normal, with shouts and chatting and eating, but it was like time had paused for a moment around their small table.
But out of
Tony was so relieved to see the data center. This high up, and surrounded by weather-proof glass to protect the communications equipment, he could see the clear sky and sun shining brightly.
“There is an algorithm. Fix it.”
He felt like they were going to open of their own accord and a lion would come to shred him to pieces. His initial fury and anger were now spent. The angry, biting words he had died before they even made it to his throat. He was going to denounce Tony and everything he stood for: privileged, upper-class idiots who were blind to the pain and suffering most of the population experienced every day, eras of oppression and unfair rule, strict societal standards that prevented so many people from leading the lives with the freedoms they should! He was going to proclaim that he would not associate himself with such a person, not when he—
“This is new,” Tony commented, pausing to look at a framed charcoal sketch.
“What do you think?” Tony asked, feeling nervous.
(Rhodey got the award for risk taking, though. He was out there, every day, doing his best to be more than just another cog in the military machine. Every time that Rhodey was able to come back, whole and alive, Tony was supremely grateful.)
He was blessed. His gods had not sent him here to punish him, but like Shem’el and the others, to give him safety and family. To make a new, better life.
“God, your face! You’re fine, Tony. We know you keep odder hours than us.”
Tony laughed. “I did get punched a few times for those kind of speeches, to be honest. I deserved it, though, thinking that idealistically and simply.”
Steve looked up to Bucky waving a hand in front of his face.
Tony gave him a level look, because some days, it was like he was made of glass. Ever since his art finally took off and he got some gallery showings and people commissioning, his paychecks were finally a bit steadier. He could afford things like asthma medication now.
Tony and Peter sheepishly grinned. Then they proceeded to zone out, clapping only to be polite until everyone was
“Are you … do you …?”
done and they could get out of their seats again. The day had been a long one and they were
“Here,” Steve said, taking his scarf off and wrapping it around Tony’s neck. He had been shivering all day, despite the heater being on and the thick sweater he was wearing. Steve stamped down the sudden primal urge to wrap him up even further. He was doing this because Tony looked genuinely cold, not because he wanted to be possessive or cover him in his scent.
“To be frank, Master Rogers, I am most pleased to see you again.”
And remembered how young Steve was. And what he had gone through before all that.
Bucky ruffled his hair. “Like Sam said, payback for all the times we coughed up flowers because of you.”
“I have ADHD.”
“No.”
Crap.
He wasn’t abandoned and alone.
“I … got a date,” he found himself saying. “Friday.”
“He was an art student before he joined the Army. Been drawing since we were kids.”
The voice echoed and thundered through the cavern.
Tony slurped the foam of his cappuccino obnoxiously. Rhodey rolled his eyes, but he couldn’t hold back a smile.
Tony rolled his eyes and cuddled closer to Steve. Their teasing didn’t bother him.
“Hey there,” Tony said before Steve could say anything. “I missed you at the airport.”
“What does he teach again?” Tony asked as they stood outside, both nearly petrified.
and basically a single person taking advantage of—
Antonius tried to keep up as they spoke, glean any information that he could, but he could barely figure out any of their names. The man with wheat hair apparently answered questions as best he could, but Antonius could tell from his expressions that he could only answer so much.
Tony didn’t like it, because there was this thing called ‘hours of productivity lost’, but he woke up feeling … a lot better than usual, if he wanted to be honest. The scent of bread and coffee started to waft up from somewhere and Tony couldn’t help but follow his nose.
The part Tony liked most about their dates was how Steve was slowly relaxing.
“Actually, Bruce is the group’s gossip.”
“Hey, J, play something classic and fun.”
Sure, some of them were of the ‘go out and burn down terrorist organizations’ variety, but no one had to know those secrets.
“Tell Tony. He’ll find the right lobbyist.”
Shem’el rolled his eyes and explained that Stiofán had been hunting with Buk, but he had slipped alongside a deep part of the river, losing many of their arrowheads and some of the kill they had managed to get. It was only a few rabbits, but they felt horribly guilty for the loss of the arrows. Buk had tried to retrieve any of them, but only got wet for his efforts.
Tony narrowed his eyes, not sure if he should be offended or not. The bowl wasn’t full of peanuts, but a spicy mixed nut blend. All sorts of stuff that was probably good for your heart, if not for the sodium content. “Since when do you know anything about squirrels?”
Suddenly, an arrow with a suction cup at the end hit the wall right in front of him, missing him only by a hair.
JARVIS slowly turned the lights on, but kept them dimmed.
“Irene would have manipulated Moriarty from the moment she got captured,” Steve added, using air quotes.
“What else?” Tony bemoaned as the mice helped make Cinderella’s dress. “Do you have a brick for a cell phone? Do you still have a landline? An analogue watch?”
Mr. Rogers, looking not very put together, came in.
Tony hoped that would coax something out of him.
While he was still focused on Peter, dammit, this man was just too pretty. How the hell was someone like him a teacher and not some sort of model? Even though he was only wearing a grandpa button-up shirt and khaki pants, he was like
