In Florin’s 496th year, Prince James had started to spend half of his days doing his princely duties and the other half (as well as many nights) tending to his own interests. Fortunately, as this was a time in which Hunting was an acceptable means of sport without all the questionable morality that surrounds it today. So were many of the sports that members of the Royal Guard and visiting dignitaries liked to partake in, such as dueling, jousting and other matters of violent sport. Prince James never liked to dirty his hands and partake directly, when avoidable, but he couldn’t deny a slight thrill that came from entering the ring himself at times. No, for the Prince, these were spectator sports that he liked to direct. Guide the pawns into their place and watch the victory.
His fiancé looked as if he wanted to tell him something but he was cut off by his betrothed. “I ask you once again, surrender! It doesn't have to be disadvantageous to you. We can come to an arrangement, my betrothed is most important to our people.”
. “...You killed someone I cared for.”
"But I'd like to see you try to sneak up on a man when you're my size. Dunno why you never get Adler to do the sneaking about, she's better at it.” he answered.
“Oh my god,
“Yes you do.”
he was about to add before feel the room grow uncomfortably silent. John felt the eyes of everyone in the room looking away.
Irene clasped her hands together, “Oh I could do that. There's still some rope up here; however I do not think that you would accept my help if you knew that I am only waiting around to kill you.”
Prince John stood, wrists bound, clothes dampened and restrained by a single hand on his shoulder Lestrade. Yet now that he could see him and the fear of a painful death passed, all John could think of was the brooch that dangled from Hope’s shirt. A fear of it slipping and falling to be lost into the waves below. The Man in Black almost forgotten by him entirely until Hope spoke again, his back to John.
, John loved him. He couldn't afford to be wrong about this. “Earlier today, I realised something and it's completely shaken my entire life. I mean it because, it's not what I ever expected. Really, Sherlock, it's almost terrifying in the same way that it was life affirming. I finally understand, at least… god, Sherlock I think I understand. Please, I hope to God I am not wrong...”
The book looked old, a couple decades at best, but the title wasn't entirely foreign to her. “
…” the voice of Sherlock Holmes shouted into the valley.
! They had cried,
Sherlock frowned slightly, pulling his jacket back on, smoothing it out before fidgeting with the buttons. “I don't do that.”
“Nonsense John, you only say that because no one ever has.”
to understand his actions, didn't he? “John, what are you doing?” he asked, voice holding onto a final hope that there was some greater plan in motion.
Prince James held his arms out in accepted defeat, “Then we shall have to summon him… however, forgive me if this sounds cruel but are you certain that he still wants you, sir?” John’s face flashed with anger at the very thought before pausing as he thought. The Prince continued. “I only mean to say, it wasn’t he who left you at the Fire Swamp? He looked rather put out by the whole affair. Would you say that your love is a man of pride?”
So when Lestrade awoke in the rocky terrain of Guilder, his body aching painfully and his mind foggy on what happened, the first clear thought had been what it always was:
) had let him upon his feet again as they stopped. Hope looked aghast, but the Prince Consort couldn't help but notice that a curious spark had taken hold of his eye. The little man was thinking, John could practically see the cogs turning in his head as a clever smile spread across his lips. It reminded him almost of the grin Prince James wore when he was being clever - the one that reminded him of Sherlock. Except, this time it was twisted and it unnerved him.
His voice echoed across the empty mountain range, surprising himself that he almost missed the hand of Roberts that came flying towards John’s face to strike him. Pausing only a inch away from his cheek. His eyes, blue and cold like the unforgiving storm at sea, unwavering from John as his jaw clenched. His voice, somehow managing to be even lower than before, whispering harshly. “That was a warning, monsieur. Where I come from, there is a penalty when a serf lies to a superior.”
. “You were
The repetition did not go unnoticed. At first, John had put it as just Sherlock’s posh speech; but the more he thought about it John could not remember him ever using it as much before (if at all). It felt like more than just a simple compliance, as if it was another connection that John didn't seem to make but Sherlock has already figured out. Yet normally, the man couldn't wait to show off and tell John of all the things he missed --- this time, Sherlock was seemingly waiting for John to figure it out on his own.
Irene scowled and cried out bitterly. “OH! What the hell do you think you’re doing?”
“Adler, I told you not to overdo it this time!” the man dictated, “and you, Lestrade you great lummox; had you been two seconds too late the idiot would have been able to run away! Then where would we be?!”
The brunette gave the chief an undignified gesture in response, “SO DID HOPE,” her tone forceful, “He said go back to the beginning. So I have come back to the beginning. I am not moving! I am staying until L… Hope… Till Hope comes back.”
“You truly are a visionary, my lord.” Count Charles smirked, his eyes looking from the Prince to the rising sun. The interruption from John having taken a fair bit of time that he was anxious to recover. “Shall you be accompanying to the Zoo today, sire? Sherlock has regained full strength and I was planning to start testing today.”
“...As you wish.”
“John, don't think I don't want to hear it or to say it. But you need to understand that it's taking every bit of my strength to be able to leave today - I fear if we start saying it, it will never stop and I won't go.” he explained, unable to meet John’s eye as he did so. Controlling his emotions in a way that still showed they were there without giving way to them. “And I have to go… John you deserve the best I can give you. Please, give me something to look forward to when I return”
way…” Molly hesitated, cheeks flushed as as she sat at the foot of the bed.
Lestrade swiped, the Man in Black dodged. An idea popped into his head, remaining in place as Lestrade swung again, dodging once more but remaining in place once more.
“My lord, I wasn’t expecting you just yet.” the small man spoke, his voice speaking with the same kind of slime Hope’s had, but somehow it felt slimier.
“...I told Sherlock to text you. Yes, Rosie sorry…”
“And if something happens to you?”
“It's about you and Sherlock now.” Rosie piped up.
Sherlock's eyes were unwavering, processing every word John spoke. Each honest confession without actually saying it - Sherlock had to know what he meant, didn't it? Except now,  he looked almost hurt in away, and John panicked slightly. Had he waited to long? Was he misreading the signs?
“But why not?! Sherlock you just asked me to marry you?! You just made a big speech about us living a life together!” John exclaimed, genuinely hurt and slightly confused by this sudden declaration.
“Perhaps they saw us approach and panicked?” offered one of the guards.
, was the last thought John had before he lost footing and began tumbling after him.
He remembered the channel, stalking the little boat into the night. Watching from afar as The Prince tossed himself over the side of it and attempting to swim away before stirring the eels.  He remembered the climb, the Cliffs of Insanity. He remembered how his muscles ached, how his lungs screamed as he refused to rest. Stopping meant losing, and Sherlock refused to lose him. The duel, the frenchwoman - she was important to this somehow. The wrestle, the giant he left face first in the dirt. He supposed he felt a bit bad about that, but there was nothing he could realistically do. Time was of the essence and quite frankly, he wasn’t
He gave her a smile, brushing her hair from her face and bending down to kiss the top of her head. “Don't you worry about me sweetheart. How are you feeling?”
Moreover, people liked him. He could command, he understood battle. Yet, he was approachable. A man of the people. Count Charles began watching him intently, for about three weeks he watched him on duty and off. The situation was growing worse and worse with the Prince, as he overheard the Captain himself tell a trooper off fiercely for disrespecting their future sovereign. Loyal, he was, too it seemed.  This was when an idea began to brew in the Count’s head.
Roberts watched John carefully, as if processing his words carefully. The Prince shook himself from his thoughts, bringing the bite back into his demeanor. “Ahem, anyway - it was on the seas  that your ship attacked and everyone knows that the
). John wanted nothing more than to stop being tossed around by one kidnapper or another, actually if he was wanting things he would love nothing more than to get a chance a a
directed by Rob Reiner
Prince James languished uninterested in all his plans, looking the part of the concerned husband-to-be, before looking up with perked interest by a knock at his door. The figure slender but obedient figure of Chief Enforcer Dimmock stood erect and not at all as desperate for approval as James knew him to be. An arm motioning for him to come join him, the picture of serious concern. Without hesitating, Dimmock took large strides over to the desk where His Highness sat and gave a gracious bow.
It was time to come clean.
“Ha ha, no. Just be careful where you whip that thing, I am working in here still.”
“Because he's a DAD!” Rosie exclaimed as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. “He's not suppose to do that!”
“Oh yeah, I heard you were under the weather.” Greg cast the patient a softer glance, taking on the tone of the father who had seen this all before. “How are you holding up?”
Mrs Hudson, a clever grin on her face as she spoke up, drawing attention towards the chairs where she sat next to a detective who had become very interested in the contents of his phone suddenly. Perhaps, this one time, they could avoid the lecture for tuning out the room. No need to add any further embarrassment to them. “Forgot what, dearie?”
Lestrade found that he wasn’t fond of being on his own rather quickly. It took some effort, but the brute had managed to secure passage on a trade ship into Florin in exchange for assisting with the delivery of the merchant’s goods for the royal wedding. Despite the fact that Hope had been so adamant about killing the little prince, Lestrade couldn’t help but feel a wave of relief at the news that John had found his way home safely. He had liked the guy, for as much as one could get to know the man they were contracted to kill. Not many of the crewmen would interact with him, other than to bark orders.
by William Goldman;
In the distance, he could hear Hope screeching to his subordinates.
Sherlock’s eyes didn’t waver from John’s for moment, as if trying to see if he was lying. When satisfied, he released him and relaxed a bit. “I’m fine. That was quite an adventure wasn’t it?”
“John!?” Sherlock wheezed next to him, he couldn't move just yet but John could hear him wince as he moved over to him. John opened his eyes to find Sherlock Holmes leaning over him, having looked better but very much alive and very much concerned for John.  He didn't know if he wanted to punch him or kiss him. Maybe both. He was overjoyed he was alive, he couldn't wait to kill him. “John, are you okay?! Speak to me.”
It was a harsh bitter truth, but it was followed by another one.
“Good.”
John immediately went wary, his mind instantly replaying the various times he had heard this exact phrase from the lad; and how many times it had all gone horribly wrong. It was truly a remarkable feat that Lord and Lady Holmes hadn’t released him from their service with the trouble he and their son got up to. Although, he suspected that Sherlock likely played a hand in that. One day, he would have to ask him about it - yet, that day was not at present. “God help me, but I do.”
His breathing was hitched, John couldn't find the words to express what he was feeling. Without saying the words, Sherlock was telling him what John had correctly figured out. Sherlock Holmes
“Just what dear?” She asked, taking the glass from Rosie and setting it on the nightstand.
The Count seemed to find further amusement from his retort, letting out a chuckle. The type one would use after being told a joke at a luncheon. His spectacles drooped down to his nose, as he leaned in closer to the man. Too close for Sherlock’s comfort, tucking his right hand under his chin to force him to look up at him. . “Well spoken, sir.” he whispered, his eyes already eagerly examining his future test subject. He couldn’t wait to dissect him piece by piece.
The brunette woman sneered, “You can keep your
He watched keenly, trying to logic whom would be victorious, skill or swarm. The Prince hardly noticed that Count Charles had entered the court until he spoke, splitting his focus. “Your highness, may I have a word?” the Count spoke, carefully as he knew how the Prince hated to be disturbed as they worked.
“A countryman?” John heard himself ask before he could stop himself, not wishing to his his captor any satisfaction in his knowledge of him. “How do yo-”
He wasn't sure how he got any sleep that night, but he knew that he must have if he was awoken at dawn by the sound of banging on his front door. He almost dismissed it to be wind, before he heard that velvety baritone call out in urgency. “Farm boy! Farm boy open up!” Was that use of a nickname or cold detachment? John couldn't tell. Either way, he pulled himself from his bed and braced himself for whatever was waiting for him on the other side of that door. Polite refusal, instant dismissal? He was ready. He had to be.
“As you wish.”
. “Sweetheart, you're getting confused. That's not real, that's the story. Sherlock isn't in danger, look see he is pouting over there! Again, thanks for the help, Sherlock...”
Words failed John as the harsh reality of the Prince’s words washed over him. He doubted the last one; that wasn’t Sherlock - but the former. He thought back to the man he had first met, before he had let John into his world. Stubborn, crass, arrogant and cold. How easy would it be for Sherlock to slip back into old and dangerous habits after everything he did for John being for naught?
Everyday, after lunch and before he assisted Prince James and Queen Janine in the preparations for his wedding  (god, it was fast approaching); John would mount his horse and ride through the woods for an hour and a half of solitude. He would see nobody as he followed the path, and then speak to nobody as he made his way back.
.” Rosie answered.
Sherlock didn't seem very fond of Rosie’s repetition, evidenced by the edge in his posture as he suddenly bolted up from his chair. “I'm leaving now.” he announced, dry but holding some resentment as he did.
If he was to have a very bad day, then he shouldn’t have to suffer alone.
Again, limited. The air tasted stale, the most he could say was for the dismal cooking skills of the odd man, which didn’t offer him much information that was prudent to his situation. His throat, however, was dry. Scratchy to the point where words were hard to form. He needed water, more than in short bursts.
… I cannot believe I am saying this, but if there was ever a time we needed that beady little man, it’s now. He was the planner. I have no gift for strategy. We need a strategist!”
The world moved in slow motion, John watched as both men raised their swords to engage. Oh god, there was no way that Sherlock could win this. They were outnumbered. Even if his fiancé managed to strike his betrothed, the guards would take him out before they could escape. Furthermore, killing his betrothed felt needless. He might be cold at times, but he wasn’t a monster. Prince James had given him a purpose when he was aimless and lost. He owed him. Oh god,
Sweat poured down his brow as John jumped from his bed with a start. Hand resting over his heart, feeling it thunder in his chest. Gasping as the echoes of the sound died and faded back into his mind.
“Are you volunteering?”
. Additionally, all this course of action would provide would be two men dead, and John powerless and penniless. He had no real title, sure he could go back to the guard but could he really after all he had done? Perhaps a happily ever after wasn't really possible. Perhaps the Fire Swamp had been trying to warn them of this. John knew what he had to do, and he hated it. “DO YOU PROMISE NOT TO HURT HIM?!”
As they ran, John began to pick up the familiar thundering of hooves, sensing what Sherlock had picked up prior. His betrothed Prince James, the man he had been banking and secretly praying to come find him, was now the man he was fleeing from. A part of John wished to ask why they merely couldn’t stop and reunite with the party. Surely, no crime had been committed by Sherlock’s hand. He had been the one to save him after all - yet, a part of him didn’t picture the Prince being favourable to the knowledge that John was intending to leave him weeks before their wedding.
“Are you asking me to marry you?”
He knew where they were meant to go, so Lestrade followed the path that had been drilled into their minds before taking the job. Anxious over the fact that he couldn’t remember the last time he had been on his own like this, only to find his trail come to an abrupt stop at a picnic scene. Hope laid  dead at his feet. His last laugh etched hauntingly onto his face. No sign of injury, just a lack of life. First Irene, and now Jefferson. For the first time since Greenland, Gregory was alone and it was unnerving.
“It means that I am to be King, and that I must marry. Oh how dreadfully boring. Dull. Dull. Dull. It’s loathsome, Charles. It really is.” Prince James looked back into the pit. “I am afraid that I have some bad news for you lot, I know you were all promised freedom should you win but I am just feeling rather changeable. There is one weapon in the pit, and that is how many tickets out there are left. Happy hunting.” His voice echoed as he leaned back in his seat in the spectator’s window. He watched as the men looked at each other in horror, uncertain of what to do.
John waited only a second to see if it would stir once more before rushing over, the sword resting in the Rodents’ corpse, towards Sherlock. Prying his hands away from his wounded shoulder. “Shit. You don't think it was diseased do you?” John asked aloud, trying to gather a sense of the severity of the wound. It had punctured his skin, but hadn't broken the through the otherside. Sherlock was able to move it enough to erase the possibility of it reaching the bone.
“I give you full marks for bravery. Don't make yourself a fool.” The Prince tutted, before turning his eyes to his John. Watching him carefully, prompting the man to realise for the first time that he was currently trapped in a stalemate between his fiancé and his betrothed. Only John Hamish Watson would find himself in such a situation. John offered him a sympathetic look, not wanting to lay everything out at this exact moment while tension and emotions were running high. He knew his fiancé, and he knew often times his betrothed had reminded John of him. It would likely get explosive if it wasn't diffused soon.
If Molly or Mrs Hudson heard, they had the decency to pretend otherwise. Instead fussing about with Rosie’s blankets and collecting the dishes from the earlier snack. Rosie, on the other hand, despite feeling quite warm once more had heard something else. Footsteps approaching, lingering in the hall and presumably looking into the open door of Sherlock’s bedroom to what currently looked like Victoria Station during the morning commute.
The gunman had been smart and scampered off as soon as Dimmock fell. The others had followed suit one way or another. Irene Adler could hardly contain her relief at the sight of Gregory Lestrade coming to her aid. Giving the brute a giant, sloppy kiss on the cheek as he guided her inside with ease. A  Before she could say a word of joy, she was splashed in the face by the contents of the first cup he saw.
Count Charles eyed the Prince curiously; scanning the ground for the information his superior had already begun applying to their plans.
“What?!” Hope stormed over to the cliff edge. “He didn't
John was out once more before his body even reached the deck.
“What?!” Hope snapped, as the soaking Prince struggled against him as he was shoved against the the sail pole.
Sherlock often made quite a show of ordering him about, getting him to do the strangest tasks for him as he did observed. Usually with little explanation before a luminous look filled his eyes as something John couldn't see clicked. It also never seemed to matter what tasks John was doing, he could be mucking stalls or polishing saddles, and Sherlock would flounce in as if unaware he had a job outside of serving him.
, he thought to himself , pulling on his jacket on and beginning to run towards the main house.
At long last the peak came into view, Hope continued to berate Lestrade to move faster as they reached the final stage of their climb. Below, The Man in Black was relentless. Finally, Lestrade hoisted them over the edge, and onto solid ground. John had never been happier to be on his feet again, even if it was in the company of villains.
“I never said he was that.” John spoke harshly and immediately. Realising how terrible it must have sounded, but he saw no reason to lie to the pirate. Besides, something told John that the man would likely know if he did. “He’s not, my ‘dearest love’ that is, and yes he will come for me. That I know.”
“Well, it'd be foolish of me to refer to my fiancé as Farm Boy for the rest of my life, wouldn't it?”
Irene was still for a moment; unblinking, unbreathing, unmoving. Suddenly, reaching toward the half empty old tankard that sat neglected on the table and splashing her own face with it’s contents. “Tell me everything, and start from the beginning.”
When Sherlock felt he could no longer bare it, he heard salvation come in the form of Count Charles’ voice. Sitting in his chair, off to the side of the events he ordered Culverton to stop the machine. “As you know, the concept of the suction pump is centuries old. Well, really that's all this is except that instead of sucking water, I'm sucking life. I've just sucked one year of your life away. I might one day go as high as five, but I really don't know what that would do to you, so let's just start with what we have.” He could feel the Count’s eyes on him, but he could no longer see him. Somehow, that was still better than having hovering over him. “Tell me, how was that? Please remember, I am a mad of science and this is for posterity - complete honesty, in your own time. How did that feel?”
The Prince Consort watched him carefully, unable to shake the muscle memory of five years ago. For a second, he was in his hut as the twilight shone through the dim windows. They were five years younger, Sherlock dressed in livery as John wore functionable attire. Now, Sherlock wore his black trekking gear as he played the part of royalty. So much had changed, yet his hands felt just as they had when they first pinned him. John’s heart raced the same way and his eyes held the same love. When Sherlock had died, John had died too. Now, fingers caressing the man’s face as the brooch was returned to it’s rightful space, John felt he could breathe once again.
“Do I?”
“THEN FORM A BRUTE SQUAD!” Prince James’ pretense of rational cracked, a flicker of electricity crackled in his eyes at such a violent turn that Dimmock took a step back in self-defense. “I have made my demands, now see to them. Clear that forest by my wedding!”
has already suffered for this.  I don't care what the man offered you, this isn't worth it. Now this guy….”
” John’s heart winced, heartbroken at how easy it was to imagine Sherlock saying and thinking these things. Once again, he was reminded of his pleas to not say it. To make it possible for him to go, to give them a chance at a proper life together when he returned. His eyes cast down, letting them wash over him as Roberts continued.
Dimmock’s eyes grew wide, a hand combing ungracefully through his hair as he processed the news. “Sire! Forgive my questioning, is just that I haven’t heard any news of the sort from my spy network. We’ve been paying close attention to the whispers since his grace was kidnapped. Are you certain that this isn’t a poor spirited joke meant to cause you strife?”
The shouts could be heard even miles off from the woods; the thieves were furious. Swords clashing, an occasional gunshot and the whinnying of horses. The Brute Squad had arrived at the first break of dawn, and the thieves in question were far from pleased by it. It was well past noon by now, the wedding was hours from now at sundown, but Dimmock was beginning to worry about finishing up in time.
A small elderly woman, a face that would have been kind if it wasn’t screwed up in disgust and fury. Ginger and white strands of hair peeked out from her hood, her body draped in a black cloak that gave her the appearance of death itself. Her finger outstretched accusingly towards the Prince himself. Lip quivering in anger. She was shouting something that stunned the people around her into silence. It took John a moment to understand her before the sharp voice cut a silence in the square.
After two days, watching Netflix and finishing the book she had with her before becoming sick, Rosie was growing restless. Her dad called her when possible, on the phone several times and skyping when able. By the fourth day, not even Mrs Hudson or Sherlock could lift her spirits. That night, she heard her dad and Sherlock speak on the phone, her heart breaking as she heard how guilty her dad felt about being unable to be there for her. She didn't want to admit that she felt guilty for being sick, guilty for making her dad sad, so when she cried herself to sleep that night she had told Sherlock it was from her stomach but she wasn't sure he believed her.
“Ahem!” Rosie cleared her throat, snuggling into a slightly blanched John Watson.
“Right. Good. Do actually eat something then? Don't just sit there with your collar up and your damn cheekbones trying to look the part of grandeur.” John  quipped before he could stop himself. Suddenly, discussing his appearance felt very...
“I had given my word! I am a man of honour!” John countered.
“Shut up.” John smirked, but it didn't reach his eyes as Sherlock’s wariness began to catch. It didn't take long for the reason for their paranoia to manifest.
Molly blinked, looking up from the text that was serving more as a rough guide than anything, “What is it?”
He was used to orders being shouted at him, and insults being berated upon him ceaselessly from Hope. Yet, Irene had always been there with a kind smile and clever quip to make it feel okay. However, Irene was not aboard the merchant ship. Cor, Gregory didn’t even know if Irene was still alive. The Man in Black had been steadfast in his quest, a level of focus that almost reminded him of Hope. Almost. He’d been in a great rush to reach the Prince before his throat was slit; yet, he had left him alive. The Man in Black could have killed him, logically he should have. Yet he had refrained. Shown him mercy, even engaged in pleasant conversation as they beat each other. It was the small details that really counted. If Gregory was still alive, perhaps Irene was too. Lord, it was all the giant could hope for. Nothing else was left.
“I am often surprised by life’s little quirks.” Sherlock began to explain, ignoring the slight flush on his face at the idea of what tales his mother had felt necessary to share. John would have teased him a bit more if he hadn’t be more interested in this wild claim. “My ship
Sherlock didn't look as relieved as as John felt, but his words tried to hide this. For him, he wasn't home free till they were away at sea once more.  “Now, was that so terrible?”
to be rid of it and-”
All of this was none of the concern of The Man in Black --- John couldn't fathom why he seemed to care so much. It was clear on his face, even on just the half that showed. Crystalline eyes shone through the fabric of his covering like daggers towards the Prince; his voice like a slice to the throat. “Or incapable of doing so…” he commented.
The Prince placed a hand on John’s shoulder, seeming to read the air around him. In a rare moment of sympathy and concern, he offered him a small smile. “Don’t look so despondent, how about this? You will write four copies of a letter. We will send one upon each of my four fastest ships, sailing in each direction to find him. If this pirate wants you, then bless you both.” Prince James’ hand moved from his shoulder to tilt John’s face upward - leveling his eye with his. “If not, will you at least consider myself a reasonable alternative to suicide?”
to watch you work, but I have our country’s 500th anniversary to coordinate, my wedding to plan, my husband to murder and Guilder to blame for it - I’m swamped.”
In the year of 498, Prince James had begun overseeing the Royal Guard. It was rather dull work, and he typically just watched their training for long stretches of time and let the Captains do whatever it was that Royal Captains did. It really didn’t interest him. He and Count Charles would make the decisions that needed to be made, while working on their own studies and experiments in the background. All of this would be frequently interrupted as, in his Father’s stead, Prince James would be assisting Queen Janine in the running of the kingdom. There was a coronation to be prepared for, a wedding to arrange and the quickly approaching 500th anniversary of Florin. Work was great and the Prince was stretched thin, which lead most of his duties with the Guard fell into the hands of the Count.
“He’s a nothing.”
Once she realised that she was not dead, Irene has chosen not to bound after her companions. Instead, with having no reason yet to believe anything had gone awry, she had followed the instruction. The same instruction which Hope gave them every time: should things go wrong, should we be parted, always go back to the beginning.  It was not until The Woman had reached the shores of Florin that news had begun to reach her ears. Word of the Prince, a daring rescue, a body, The Man in Black. The whispers varied. Details askew, making it hard to ascertain what was the truth. Still, she was alive. The Man in Black had an honour to him. He had been within his rights to kill her, but instead granted her life.  This was the comfort she took as she opened the bottle of wine, foregoing a glass and setting herself outside their hideout in the woods. Here she would wait.
“Captain, I am your Prince and I would like you to marry me.”
Prince James would much rather have spent his time assisting the Count, and coming up with his own little tests. Miracles mattered little in the world of cold hard science, miracles didn't save the exotic creatures and prisoners from dying from his hand in their experiments. Miracles would not keep his father alive. Prince James wasn't emotionally driven to keep his father's health, and as a member of the royal family nobody ever questioned when he held a stiff upper lip on the subject. The longer it took for James to take the throne, the happier he was.
The pirate rolled his eyes coyly. “Oh well, I can't just let people think I've gone soft. Everyone would start groveling at my feet and begging and it would waste so much time that could be better allocated then listening to the desperate final pleas of countless.”
John’s voice lowered to a sharp warning tone. “They would have killed Sherlock if I hadn’t done it!”
“I'm sorry, what?”
The couple shared another embrace, one that lasted until they both lost track of how long they had been there. When it was time to part, Sherlock held his wrists in his hands. Feeling John’s heartbeat, steadying his own rate down till they were in sync.
The Prince cleared his throat, turning his head to fully meet his captor's gaze for the first time. “Regardless of what you think, you will be caught and when you are you’ll all be hanged for treason, I’d reckon.”
“I know, he misses you too. He looked so mopey yesterday. You're starting to scab over, you probably will be good in a few days. So that's good…” She paused, tucking a blonde strand behind her Goddaughter’s ear. “but that doesn't help you with today, does it? I am not needed at work, so I can keep you company all day, how does that sound?”
It wasn’t just any engagement he planned to break, it was a royal one. In his mind, John could hear the echoes of the words Prince John had spoken when they first were engaged.
At this, The Man in Black laughed. “Madame, I would sooner destroy a stained glass window before an artist like yourself.”
“You called me John.”
Sherlock sat smugly in his chair as John sat across from him, head a bit woozy as bright red dots began showing on his skin. “I guess something Rosie touched carried the damn virus.” John muttered in exasperation. Trying very hard not to think of the irritation growing on his skin. “Bloody perfect, I'm too damn old for this!”
...coincidences were not something Lestrade believed in. No, no. He believed that everything happened for a reason. The Six-Fingered Man, Prince John… and, was he referring to the Man in Black? No. He could read the signs. Everything was coming together for a purpose. Perhaps it was influenced by the drink, but for the first time in awhile, Gregory Lestrade felt hopeful. Everything was coming to head, he just had to wait for Irene.
Dimmock frowned, but Moran only housed a clever grin on his face, enjoying himself far too much for the Enforcer’s liking. “The Prince has given orders, madam!”
For three years, this was what was said to me at the end of each day.
“Fascinating.” Count Charles mused, his eyes never leaving the body of Sherlock Holmes. Oh, he was going to greatly enjoy taking this specimen apart. Bit by bit.
Were they really going to exchange pleasantries as if nothing was wrong? The air was tense around them, it was unmissable. Sherlock wasn't one to beat about the bush on things, yet his fingers seemed restless and anxious by the way he was fiddling with them. “I’m leaving today to port, and in a few days I will be boarding a ship crossing the sea.”
“I shall take that as a- aargh…. complement.” The Man in Black moaned as he was slammed against the rocks again. His arms unrelenting even so.
“Since when were you so squeamish about kissing?” She answered, arched eyebrow as he remembered only weeks ago when Rosie was playing
“So, you admit that you do not love your fiancé…” He almost seemed to be examining him.  Reading him with a such razor sharp precision that he hadn't seen since -
The Man in Black listened, seemingly genuinely interested in this tale. “Did Kate not succeed?” he asked tentatively.
“I will miss you too.” Sherlock pulled away, withdrawing from his fiancé’s embrace. Reaching to his lapel, Sherlock unpinned a small brooch, blue gemstone that reminded him of the ocean. “I don't have a ring, but I hoped this would serve as an acceptable substitute. The colour made me think of you.”
The Man in Black sighed, and despite the black mask that covered his face, Irene could have sworn to see him roll his eyes. “If you are in such a hurry, you could make yourself useful and lower me a tree branch or something…”
Irene paused for a moment, thinking before she crouched down, leveling as much as she could to the mysterious shadow below. Her eyes solemn as she spoke to him, “Monsieur, I swear on the soul of Kate Adler that you will reach the top alive.”
“I’ll come back for you as soon as I can.” Sherlock promised. “Don't ever doubt that. I’ll come back for you.”
“Yes,” Sherlock’s voice was a deep whisper in Lestrade’s ear, “after all Rosie has been alone in bed for the last few days and has been missing everyone.” His voice had an edge to it, attempting to convey to Lestrade meaning without having to divulge any further. “He can have my chair…”
John shifted as he heard Hope sputter, thankful that the Brute ( or rather,
there will be blood tonight!”
do you recall where you followed the devil to?”
He tried hard to focus on his work, but the involuntary grunts Sherlock made as he whipped the riding crop against his inanimate victim kept drawing his attention. The nobleman had discarded of his jacket, his long angular frame struck out through the clothes that no matter how tailored always seemed too big for him. The sunlight that shone through the work shed, highlighted the pale and almost marble like quality of his skin. His hair, wild in dark curls on his scalp that bounced in every move he made.
Molly reached over, pulling the cushion off her face with a laugh. “What was that?”
James’ lips parted to speak, but whatever words he intended to say were stripped from him by a second knock at the door. The sight prompted Dimmock to rise to his feet respectfully and bow towards Prince Jonathan, who stood in the doorway with an anxious sort of look. Seeing the nervous face of the normally so stoic and brave prince put to rest any lingering doubts in Dimmock’s mind. It would take more than the whispers of a few kitchen maids to shake that exterior.
“He then proceeded to describe a handsome man with unwavering loyalty and good of heart --- I can only assume that he meant you.” Roberts’ voice turned cold and harsh, abruptly shaking John from the memories. Whatever softer moment had taken his captor had passed and there was no sign of it returning. “You should thank me for killing him before he had a chance to learn the truth about you.”
“Where am I?” Sherlock asked, his voice hoarse from being without water for
Sherlock smirked. “I think we still have some clothes of yours upstairs. Go get changed, put that lotion on and I will see if Molly can be persuaded to stay a bit longer.”
A tut of condolence came from the Count, giving his companion a pat on the shoulder. “Get some rest your highness, after all if you don’t got your health, you haven’t got anything.”
“I’ll never doubt that again.”
Moments passed between them in silence once more, John watched as Sherlock's eyes drifted shut before getting up to replace the cool cloth. As he gently laid the new one to his brow, he heard a deep whisper tell him,: “Thank you,” as cool slender fingers pressed against his wrist
Mrs Hudson tutted sympathetically, “Come now dearie, nothing to get upset about. Let's tuck back in with your dad…” She rose from her chair to attempt to persuade the young Watson back into her space on Sherlock’s now very rumpled bed.
I wasn't sure if it was clear or not, but King James the First is meant to be James Sholto whereas Prince James the Second is meant to be Moriarty.
He looked into the Woman's eyes, expecting a look of disappointment, instead she tightened the grip on his shoulder. Her other hand reaching towards his chest as she lazily drew her fingers up and down it, sending a rather distracting tingle to his spine with a smile. John let his mind water just long enough to not realise until too late that she wasn't looking at him any longer but at something behind him before she said to him, “Then there will be no one to hear you scream.”
“Look, I don't mean to be rude - actually, I don't really care either way, but this isn't exactly an easy task and if you wish for me to join you then it'd be prudent to not distract me.”
Adler looked down towards Hope, “Are you
His blade work was precise, he must have been practicing since a young age. Moving with mostly muscle memory and less active thinking. His footwork was noted too, but perhaps less refined than his arms. As if they wanted to take off and run without the rest of him, anxious and itching to go. Irene’s feet were more controlled, more calculated yet what she made up for there was lost in the arm work. She had to still think, he had years of refinement where she did not. A touch too slow to actually hit him, yet watching him move was a great teacher.
Aunt Molly just chuckled. “I heard, lucky for you I had the Chickenpox myself when I eight. I missed Chrissy Pyle’s birthday party too. I was devastated. Felt like the end of the world.” She took at seat at the foot of her bed, looking a slight bit discomforted by being in Sherlock’s room. Understandable as is wasn't a room people saw often. Rosie shifted, sitting up a bit as Aunt Molly placed a hand to her forehead, “Still a bit feverish I see.”
“Because for the last hour, I've noticed that we got ourselves a shadow… but since you were so
“What was that?” his fiancé echoed, turning back towards him to do the same.
Sherlock reached into his breast pocket, withdrawing something small. Silver & Sapphire, gleaming in the sunlight. The Brooch that Hope had stolen. The token of love. The promise to come back and live their lives together. John’s eyes widened; Sherlock had swiped it from the body (no wonder he hadn’t allowed John to go back to search him). “I hope that this proves to you that you never should doubt me. Not even death can stop me from coming back to you… unless…” Sherlock’s voice drifted momentarily, carefully considering the possibility he feared most of all. “...John, if you
The little boy blanched, his eyes avoiding the Prince's and watching his hands instead. Focused on a Opal ring he had been given for the occasion. “I’m just a boy sir. I ‘ave no business talkin’ to a Prince.”
“I don't have to throw this rock. We have to engage, there is no way around that; but we can be civilized.”
He didn’t know this, as Sherlock wasn’t the type to pour such sentiment (it was a miracle he had been as forthcoming as he had been these last few moments), but he felt the same.
The world seemed to slow. He saw how close to the edge of a steep slope they had become. Intense fury towards the man in front of him spilled out. He had killed Sherlock  and then stood and mocked him for it.
John felt all the pain he had been denying as he sat up off his returned betrothed, Sherlock winced slightly as he followed suit --- clearly he hadn’t been unaffected by the day's’ events. They had both looked better, covered in grass and mud. John still damp and sore from his bonds; Sherlock sweat tinged and exhausted from his duels and treks. Yet in that moment, they were each somehow the most beautiful thing the other had ever seen. Sherlock’s gloved hands fondled the silver brooch, a small smile at the sight of seeing it once again, before shifting closer to John.
This prompted The Man in Black’s full attentions, his head rising slowly up to meet his. Intrigue shone in his eyes as a slow smile curled over his lips. “Is that so?”
Adler skipped over, peering over the edge before gasping. “Oh my, he's still alive!”
John looked apologetically to her, attempting to coax his daughter back to where she had been resting prior to the outburst. “My apologies, Molly. It must be the fever- Rosamund Watson calm down and apologies for shouting, please.”
Roberts rose to his feet and took a graceful little bow, his gaze never wavering from John as he did. “Indeed.” The smirk, that damn smirk, didn't leave his face. God, was he never not smiling that cold smile? John shuddered that the thought that this twisted grin was possibly the last thing Sherlock ever saw. “How may I be of service, your highness?” his voice mocking as he spoke.
A growling voice, one that John could feel the vibrations of as he was jostled about, responded. “Oi, I did my best, Hope.” he complained, leaving John to figure out of he was Adler or Lestrade.
“Why not?”
Sherlock didn’t smile, but his eyes bore into his as if making a vow. “Hear this now: I will always come for you.
Sherlock was momentarily stunned into silence, never before having experienced someone caring so passionately about his well-being (even if there was some edge to the farm boy’s words). He didn't move or talk as John placed a cool cloth on his brow or bandaged his cut. Nor did he comment when John realised he hadn't immediately let go of his wrist. He wasn't sure how long had passed before he finally spoke, side effect of the concussion he seemed to be nursing. “...you called me by my given name.”
The Man in Black had her curiosity. Of course she wondered what he wanted and why he was willing to pursue them for it; but those questions weren't as interesting as who he was and what he could do. He had already proved himself by not dying yet as more than just a common thief. Irene wanted to peel the mask back and crawl inside the mind that ticked inside it. Learn it's secrets and better herself with it. Moreover, she wanted to see how he fought. He was armed, she could see the handle of an undoubtedly fine blade dangling from his belt when she peered down. He held the flexibility, agility and strength to climb this way - what was he like with a blade?
“Of course, your highness.” Captain Watson replied with a nod, allowing the Prince to lead the way. They walked a bit aways, following the path from the Guardhouse to the Courtyard. The Captain watched as the Prince remained silent, wondering what on earth he could be of service to the Prince for. There was no battle, and as far as he knew there were no immediate dangers. Even if there were, why would he not go to his own guard first?
The Man in Black took a deep breath, Lestrade slowly bounding towards him. He kept his stance low, charging once more, but rolling just as Lestrade swiped for him, sliding under his legs and standing behind him.
Only one reason came to John’s mind. “You were dead, Sherlock. You were dead and I didn’t know to think any different!”
John felt his hand move on his own accord and wiggled his fingers back before turning to Count Charles, who had been standing behind him during the whole ceremony just out of sight from the audience.  “May I go below?” he asked carefully, “I wish to see the people.” The Count raised an eye intrigued but simply waved toward the staircase.  The people watched curiously as the Prince Consort vanished from eyes. Up on his parapet, Prince James frowned a little, wondering what he was up to before seeing his fiancé re-emerge at the gate, two guard standing close by as Prince John tried to put distance between them. The crowds parted as their future Prince Consort walked among them.
Sherlock’s eyes had begun to adjust to his dark and murky surroundings.  The odd man of which he still did not know the name of, came a few times a day. His wounds were cleaned and bandaged; the man assisted with a mostly liquid based feeding and of course in providing him with water. Hushed to slow down as he ate, as it would do him no good to choke while stuck on his back. Sherlock was able to manage small offerings of information from the man; but most of what he had learned came from straining his senses.
Sherlock turned to look at him incredulously, they were in one of the most dangerous places in their immediate world and John was glancing around as if they were in a mildly amusing shop. John felt the judgemental gaze, rubbing the back of his neck as he quickly added, “I’m not saying that I’d want to build a summer home here, but the trees aren’t actually too bad to look at. They’d be lovely in fact in other circumstances.”
Out on the parapets, King James II held a hand out to the crowds below, lowering it once he had the focus of onlookers. “My father's final words were:
“Yes, the poor thing got herself worked up over it.” Mrs Hudson tutted in agreement, “Not good for her fever, if you ask me.”
Molly gave him a sympathetic grin, waving the book in the air once more. “It's a modified retelling… one that I think we are taking a break from right now.”
John couldn't recall Sherlock ever saying those words before, let alone touching him, he faltered only for a moment before answering, “You're welcome, just never almost freeze to death or fall off a ladder in winter again, got it?”
Sherlock winced, using his good elbow to bash into the creature's face. The rodent wailed, and Sherlock was able to throw it off of him just as a nearby fire trap began to pop. The creature landed just in time to get a nasty burn on its side. It's screams were violent and heart-wrenching. Sherlock shuffled backwards quickly, gripping his wounded shoulder tightly as John watched with blade raised. He had been ready to strike before the scream.
. “You killed the man I-” The word he had been about to say caught in his throat. He had never been able to say it to Sherlock, he could still remember Sherlock begging him not to say it until he returned lest he wouldn't go. There was no way John was going to say those words that belonged to Sherlock to
When he awoke, John felt groggy. He also felt that his arms and legs were bound, and that he was swung over the shoulder of something large and, as it was the only thing he could make out, possessing a backside he was unfamiliar with. The next thing he did was hear voices talking as the sound of waves grew louder. A man’s voice, impatient and self dignant in tone, was throwing orders about in a bossy tone. It was survival instinct that told John to play dead still.
“Well, when you work all day the last thing you want to do is come home and work all night as well.” John countered, sleep still cracking in his throat.
“Yeah, I don't recommend it.”
Before Florin’s 495th year, John Watson had never once suffered heartbreak. He thought he had, as a youth. Days of flirting and dating before it ending as fleetingly as summer did. Yet, nothing from those youthful days compared to the daily reminder of true heart break. When he left Musgrave Hall, the Holmes family had been very generous. They supported him, thanked him for his work in both words and coin. He wasn’t certain if Sherlock had ever told them of their engagement; but he didn’t have to for them to know that he was the reason for his leave.
-And it had mattered. Even if it had been short lived. The brooch moved, off his day clothes and onto his night ones. The cool metal against his skin reminding him of why he did what he did. Isn’t that why he enlisted? Isn’t it why he was now marrying Prince James? To serve the kingdom, yes - but also to protect. Even now, the handsome brooch was proudly worn on his Princely attire, admittedly suiting it much better than the dirty farm rags it had once made it’s home against. It had become almost a part of him, refusing to replace it when offered offers. After his first week, it had just become accepted and no longer argued.
An unsynchronised chorus of
Hope didn’t seem to care. “Is the brute now complaining about being so? You were suppose to be this colossus. You were this great legendary thing. And. Yet. He. Gains.”
Sherlock’s eyes struggled to adjust to the darkness, in the shadows he could make out that the suction cups all seemed to have a lead that was connected to a monstrous contraption that he couldn’t fully see, but didn’t need to see to know it wasn’t good. Yet, what his eyes lacked was made up in hearing as he heard the shuffling of footsteps and the sound of something being carted with them. Slowly from the darkness, a pasty little man with piercing blue eyes and a chubby gait toddled over to him. His cart, more akin to a wheelbarrow, rested by his side as he pulled out a solution and rag, gently beginning to dab his wounded shoulder.
This time it wasn't Rosie who spoke but Sherlock, who held an expression that could only be described as reminding John of a particularly venomous scorpion he had once encountered in the deserts. “Apologise for
“I don’t understand what was so urgent, Count.” Prince James moaned as he was lead from the Court all the way to his Study by Count Charles.
There will be parts of the story that switch back to the Rosie and Molly plot, there is a funny little side story plotted for the two at Baker Street. However, only the Prologue and Epilogue will be entirely based on those subplots.
“You aren’t going to like this.” Sherlock iterated, looking towards the ravine path with a solemn gaze. “Come on…” He held his hand out hesitantly, gone was the forceful pirate who had gripped him and dragged him along the hills and valleys, and replaced was the youthful lad he had fallen in love with so many summers ago. John didn’t reach for his hand, but instead clasped his wrist. Taking that as all the incentive he needed, Sherlock Holmes broke into a light run as John Watson followed him with equal daring.
Yet, in spite of being strapped down in what appeared to be a dark dungeon of sorts with no idea of where he was, how long he had been there, if he was alone, or what was going to happen to him - Sherlock felt rather fine. Too fine. That was what confused him. He couldn’t feel any of his injuries minus his shoulder, which had received the brunt of the damage; but even that didn’t hurt as much as it had before. Almost as if he had been treated while unconscious.
“Of course, I mean it would probably be best to avoid addressing me as such in front of my parents or other staff but…” Sherlock took a breath, his fingers pinching the bridge of his nose as headache began to stir. “...I really don't mind. You are my friend after all.”
accepted on his behalf.
this separation. At the moment, it had seemed to be what was right. It had been selfish of him, he knew that even then, but he had just had Sherlock back - he couldn’t stand to see his life taken from him once more. At least, he was alive. He was free, on his ship and likely sailing far away from John. He deserved it, John saw the look on his face when he had surrendered.
, John thought to himself as a hush lulled over the crowd.
“I suppose telling you I was merciful to her wouldn't change anything.”
One Sherlock looked a tad offended by. “I am not the criminal here. I was rescuing you - or so I thought. You didn’t seem too overjoyed at the prospect of being freed.”
“Because, people tend to be frightened off by you. Really how much longer must we go over this?” The voice he presumed belonged to Hope answered. “God help me for trusting you to help me start a war.”
“Don't be an idiot, you are better than this.” The Prince looked as if he was reaching the end of his patience, pulling his own blade from his sheath, “For the last time, SURRENDER.”
The Count, had other worries on his mind, worries concerning the Prince. Over the last three years, several suitors had been brought to the castle, all of which had been abysmal disasters. Prince James didn’t want someone he’d have to babysit like the Prince of Peruca. Nor did he have the patience to deal with the clingy nature of the Princess of Darconia. The greatest failure had been the most recent one, The Princess from Guilder. It wasn’t unheard of for the two neighbouring Kingdoms to try to acquire peace by marrying one of their children off to another, they’d get a generation or two of tolerance before war broke out again. Prince James and Princess Sarah ( or Sally, as she prefered ) had taken immediate disliking to one another and the peaceful dinner turned into a near declaration of war that was giving Prince James bad press in his Kingdom.
“Then why waste time healing me? A bit counterproductive.”
Molly clucked sympathetically. “I'm sorry John, here put this on. I left the medicine in Sherlock’s room, so just give me a moment.”
“And speaking of which, is it okay for you to be in infection central?” John cut in, “As it turns out, age is not a factor with chickenpox… at least not a good one anyway.”
The Prince thought carefully for a moment; before visibly reaching a conclusion. “There is no need for such theatrics; if this is how you truly feel then consider our wedding off. After all, John, I have no desire to cause you direct harm.” John’s mouth hung open, surprise by the graceful manner in which the Prince was taking this. He remembered the resoluteness of the proposal, and the accompanying threat.
“Sir?”
She knew she should insist Rosie rest, especially as the story was seeming to upset more than just little Watson. Molly looked to John, searching for a sign of what she should say. However, he was looking rather wrung out now himself. Not much up for another fight as he rubbed his chin for a second before answering in a defeated tone. “If it’s alright with you, fine.”
While Fire Swamps exist all over the world. The Florin/Guilder ones held some unnatural characteristics. All of these were flooding in Sherlock’s mind as they tread through the massive vines, looming trees and muddy grounds. Neither man spoke, Sherlock holding onto John with one hand and his sword in the other. Broad strokes to clear their path as they attempted to navigate the area. It was John who eventually broke the silence, clearing his throat briefly before exhaling, “It's not that bad.”
William Golding;
Rosie Watson was miserable. Being sick for a day or two was one thing,  a week or more was just mean. She had only meant to be at Baker Street for a day, a day off from school spent at the flat starting off  normal enough before she began to feel unwell. By supper time she had a fever and a rash. She didn't need to wait for Sherlock to confirm what she had already suspected: Rosie had Chicken Pox. To make matters worse, was the fact she couldn't even lounge in her own bed. She was trapped at Baker Street, a statement she never thought she would think. Rosie loved being there, but she hated being there without her dad.
“Just something I noticed. I suppose you don't even realize you are saying it half the time.”
The Enforcer anxiously walked over to his assistant, Moran. His jaw tight and stance rigid, “ Moran! How are we doing?”
Rosie frowned, but was getting exhausted from her surge of emotion.
The Count didn’t say a word as he took him out onto the balcony, below they could see the guards training and in the mix of it, he could see the Captain standing there. Sandy blond hair giving him a bit of a glow as the sun reflected on it. Poetic in a way the Prince wouldn’t care about; but worth noting to his mind. “Your Highness, I believe I have solved our problems with your betrothed.”
“Gladly. I meant what I said all those years ago, John I will always come back for you. Even if I am delayed for awhile. Even in death, I will
, he had said, ‘
” She answered, words muffled by the pillow.
His final words trailed off as the brute collapsed to the ground.
The chief drew himself up higher, feeling suddenly vulnerable about his neck and it’s current placement on his shoulders. “Very well, take me to her. Move!”
. He shot an almost intrigued look to Count Charles before both men’s eyes cast towards the food itself.  He could see the imprint of the mysterious fifth man on the ground opposite Hope. In the dirt discarded was an empty vial. Prince James withdrew his gloves and slid them on before picking it up. He brought it to his nose and took a slight sniff ---
“Good Job, John. Good Job indeed.”
John hadn't intended to fall down after Sherlock into the valley; although in retrospect, the steep incline mixed with his own unsteady limbs from the previous adventures should have served as a good tip off to the possibility. So many questions swirled about in his head; in fact they were the only thing keeping him from passing out entirely from the exertion. Sherlock, naturally, reached the bottom first and landed with an audible grunt as John followed only moments after only a few inches away from where the formerly dead man lay. Pain ached throughout John’s body, but nothing measured to the bittersweet sting of learning that the man he had loved all these years had been alive the whole time. Naturally, he was overjoyed that the man had in fact not been murdered by Pirates on the seas --- but he was bloody furious about how long it took to let John know. Not to mention that John had only found out by mistake, and that Sherlock had been willing to keep the lie up even after reuniting.
His palm pressed against the brooch, slightly dinged a bit from their adventure. Bits of Snow Sand caught in it’s tiny nooks and crannies. He didn’t deserve it now. Sherlock should have ripped it from his clothes the moment he surrendered.
“I missed on purpose.” Lestrade told him, it wasn't a brag. It was a fact. He wanted him to know he hadn't wanted to hit him.
“His name is John Hamish Watson; he is a captain under your father’s personal guard. So already, you have a sympathetic connection with the beloved king,
It was punishable for staff to wander the main house after everyone returned. John knew he could be in huge trouble for being here but he had to see him. It just couldn't wait a moment longer. Sherlock had pointed his room out to John once before, it only took a few minutes to find it before knocking on the door.
Was that really it? Had he really acted out of selflessness? Or perhaps had the Prince Consort been afraid himself?
Florin Castle hadn’t seen this much excitement in years. If Prince James was to think back to the last time the servants and court had been in this much of an erratic bustle; it would likely have been his father’s marriage to his stepmother Janine, the Queen. An event which had occurred in his thirteenth year, but it was his thirty fifth now and this time all the chaos was surrounding himself. If the prince was honest with himself, there was something delightfully addicting about that fact. Of course, one couldn’t ignore the fact that the madness had increased expediently once the word of his betrothed’s tragic fate of attempted murder and kidnapping; his dearly beloved, their future king Prince James saving him from the clutches of bandits on the shores of Guilder. Tensions brewing between the nations once more as the countdown to Florin’s anniversary approached. The people loved their prince, and by extension, they loved their hero heir for saving him.
“That’s the rule with any new specimen.” he explained, giving Sherlock a smirk at the notion of him being nothing more than an experiment. “We like our subjects to be at prime health before breaking them, gives more accurate results that way.”
“What was that?” his betrothed asked, lowering his blade.
John cut through a particularly thick vine, serving almost as a punctuation at his exasperation with this claim. “That’s impossible though, Roberts has been sailing the seas for twenty years and you’ve only been gone for five. You cannot be Roberts, no matter how many times you played pirate.”
Irene stood up, her fingers grazing across the grip of her blade. “Are you sure you are ready?”
The sun began to crack it's beams across the sky, stirring John from one of the most restless sleeps of his life. His back was stiff from being propped against the mast all night; his clothes still damp from the late night dip he took and it was sending an uncomfortable chill throughout his body. Furthermore, he felt a throb on the back of his neck where Lestrade kept rendering him unconscious and a chafing on his wrists from the ropes that bound him.
Roberts clicked his tongue, an expression of mock offense colouring his face as that dark velvety voice of his rumbled. “Hardly complimentary, did they not teach you any manners when they plucked you from the countryside? Why do you hold such venom for me as opposed to the ones who stole you?”
“I’m not.”
“Yes… now settle down. It's time for you to relax.” Molly began, smoothing the blankets around Rosie before putting on her storytelling voice, calming and clear. “This is a tale of Fencing, fighting, torture, revenge, giants, monsters, chases, escapes, True Love, miracles....”
to read the kissing parts?”
They circled one another, eyes never leaving the other. The two duelists moved in perfect harmony, mirroring the other's movement as if in a dance. Irene had always felt the two were closely joined, swordplay and dance. You needed to be fluid, precise, yet open to improvisation. Something The Man in Black seemed to agree upon.
Prince James’ party stopped abruptly as the Prince suddenly tugged on the reins of his mare; Count Charles’ eyes glanced towards the future sovereign with only momentary confusion before his eyeline traced his. In the distance, still a few miles off, two figures could be seen. They were relatively motionless, minus a few turns and arm whalings. His betrothed, and the unknown captor. It was clear on the faces of his hunting party that he was thoroughly put out and how could anyone blame him?
He thought to himself, his name on his lips as he cried out. John looked back, struggling, demanding a chance to say goodbye before he was pulled up onto The Prince’s horse. “JOHN!”
The Square was bursting with life and excitement; the Reds and Golds of Florin hung on every banner and each flag that billowed in the breeze as the springtime sunshine shone over the Kingdom. Trumpets filled the air as up from his parapet, Prince James stood as regal as ever. King James and Queen Janine stood behind him. The Queen offering the ailing King as much support as she could muster; the man refusing to use the aide of a cane - the fear of looking weak to his people to great. Prince James was dressed in his finery, crown adorning his head as the colours of his Kingdom covered his body. This was the moment, the one they had been preparing for.
“Joining?” Greg hadn’t anticipated that the offer was going to be officially extended
I am back from my trip, apologies for the delay in updates due to it. I hope this longer chapter makes up for it.
“Indeed, and soon it will all be a distant memory.”
He had spent hours with the man, he had heard his strange comments before - ones that always just felt like morbid humour akin to Sherlock’s own. Perhaps that was what had made the comment have less of an edge, but thinking back, John couldn’t tell if the humour was true or if he had just imagined that part because he had wanted to believe it.
Prince James huffed in thought, “Oh, not that long ago. Maybe an hour. No death though, which is odd considering…” His words trailed off before looking back up, his tone authoritative once more. “The loser made their way back to Florin… and the winner followed this trail towards Guilder.”
, Sherlock. You were dead and I didn’t know to think any different! I told you everything up on that hilltop. You left me! You didn’t even die, you just didn’t come home and let me think otherwise. I was destroyed!”
“But your highness, this task is too grand for such a short period of time. Some of the inhabitants will be quarrelsome at the prospect of being disturbed and are sure to kick up a fuss. I do not think my men as they are will be enough to clear them out in tim-”
John paddled as hard as he could, kicking his legs with matched vigor. It was noisy, but the splash had already given him away. All he could do was hope to swim fast enough to reach the other side of the channel. The plot to murder him, just to start a war during this time of peace, needed to be reported immediately. He could already see Prince James locking himself in his private studies with the Count and emerging with a devilishly clever plan in response.
John shook his head. “Don't worry about it, besides it would be nice to see my daughter after these last few days.” he answered, rising from his seat. Taking the bottle of lotion from Molly before heading down the hall. He rapped lightly against the door before poking his head in. “Ro? You awake, love?”
So much so in fact, the he missed the ripple in the water that was beelining directly to him until just before the jaw of a shrieking eels was widening to attack-
Then The Man in Black charged.
The old woman was unsympathetic, tutting as she shook her head in disgust. “You reptile! It is true what I tell you. There was love alongside her in the Fire Swamp and he dropped it from his fingers like garbage, and that is what he is, the Prince of Garbage! BOO!”
, they knew who he was.
Adler snorted, as John felt the ground that Lestrade carried him over shift. Movements more unsteady, accompanied the creaking of wood. They had boarded the boat. “I'm still not entirely sold on having to
The Universe was rarely so lazy.
Her eyes widened, “What? No! Aunt Molly it's okay!”
John frowned, forgetting his place momentarily as he stormed over to the young man that had taken over his shabby little bed. He took Sherlock's wrist unexpectedly, that even he looked surprised (a look he was not accustomed to seeing on his superior's’ face) and held his own fingers to his face. “Do you see that, Sherlock? That is the early signs of frostbite. If I hadn't nearly been impaled by you and dragged you down, yes you might not have a concussion but you would have frozen to death instead! Now shut up and let me put this damn cloth on your head to prevent any swelling.”
Sherlock arched an eyebrow, at least he did as much as the suction cups pulling on his facial muscles allowed, “So I am here till I die then? How unoriginal.” he mused dryly.
“You idiot.” The next thing Sherlock knew was that he was suddenly pushed onto his back with a strength neither of them knew John currently possessed in his worn and battered state; and was kissed fiercely. Sherlock was taken by surprise; faltering for a second before he parted his lips to let John in...
As a boy, King James had serviced in his father’s, King Victor, army in the great war against Florin’s enemy across the channel, Guilder. The war between the two kingdoms had a long history, and it went through many cool periods. Nobody could truly remember the cause of it anymore, historians long debated the source of conflict and could never truly come to a consensus. The most everyone knew was that every hundred years or so, something would spark trouble and the neighboring countries would war until someone got bored and stopped. During King James’ time in battle, he had suffered great loss with his comrades and when he took the throne he ushered in the current Era of tolerating peace between them. He saw many families torn apart and wanted to use his power to help not harm.
“Completely and truly.”
Lestrade waddled over, clearly stiff from a restless night. John wondered if anyone on board had been able to sleep. “Damn. Shit, Irene what do we do?”
Lestrade laughed, and The Man in Black couldn't help but grin, as he tossed the rock away. “Sorry mate, I can't help being the biggest and the strongest. Just come naturally I guess.” The two stood facing each other. Bracing themselves.
Sherlock snorted. “If the crown fits, John…”
The gunman smirked, reaching for a flask and taking a nice long gulp before facing his superior. Dimmock could tell that the ginger man thought he was amusing in some way. “Why don’t you come show the lads how it’s done then, chief… to help speed it along.” Moran finally responded, a mocking tone to his words. Not enough to call outright disrespect, but just enough to boil the blood of Dimmock just a bit.
“Mollllllyyyyy” Rosie groaned, dramatically flopping against the pillows, pulling a nearby one over her face to burrow herself in it.
“So you've done this before then?” John asked, as casually as he could. He didn't want to give his captors the satisfaction of sensing his trepidation over this exceedingly foolish and dangerous plan.
Rosie gave her a small smile, collapsing back onto the mountain of pillows. “It sounds nice, thank you.”
He couldn’t hide the sadness in his face, breaking the last bit of faith Sherlock held in him.
“Yes, well… The Prince is preoccupied with his plans naturally. I ran out of use in that department for the time being, so I figured I’d utilize the free time I have left before we’re all occupied else wise.” there was an unmissable dark and knowing tone to his words that was echoed in the face of the other man.
Sherlock’s face had thawed a bit, the tension from before having been diffused. “Well, in my defense I was busy playing Doctor… and Pirate, it seems.” John gave him a pointed look at that, as he pretended not to notice.
Prince James smirked. “Three years ago, I recall paying respects to the Lord of Musgrave Hall.”
John hesitated. “Even if I don’t love you?”
“Aye, she did…” John sighed, tugging at his shirt collar to reveal the increasing number of red spots appearing on his skin.
the rope after them. “He’s gaining on us!” Adler exclaimed, and John couldn't tell if she was annoyed or impressed by this.
Prince James was uninterested in the document, “And?” he demanded, his tone a touch testy as it was no secret that he did not like things being drawn out needlessly. For effect, for timing, that was different; but it was clear to him that his friend was stalling.
As if reading his mind, Sherlock looked slightly away from John’s gaze; still half on top of him as if he thought that moving would prompt John to escape or leave him once more.
If Adler had a response, it was stolen from her by a sudden loud splash sounded from the side of the ship. When all eyes turned, they could see the sawed off bits of rope that had held their mark and the silhouette of Prince John attempting to swim away.
- Count Charles came into view behind the odd man, he looked over Sherlock with the kind expression a country doctor would hold for his patient. “Good morning, did you sleep well? Did you even know it was morning?” he asked curiously to Sherlock. “Culverton, fetch me the logbook - today’s the day.
“Of course you will.”
“I knew what to expect from those three; I knew nothing of you!” John countered.
How surprising the man was becoming.
“Farm boy, bring me that riding crop. I need to see how fast and intense the bruises form on these melons”
She was already dueling this man so it seemed pointless to ask, and while his face was partially obscured he didn't look old enough for the character. However, habit dictated she asked him anyway. “I don't mean to pry, but do you happen to have six fingers on your right hand?”
Uncaring for the fact that Lestrade had been small & frightened the entire time; only trying to earn his keep as he had no family to call his own.
Sherlock took a breath, pulling himself together, before rising to his feet. Holding out a hand to John and pulling him to his feet. “Nonsense, we’ve already succeeded. After all, what are the three dangers of the Fire Swamp? There is the bursts of flame, which are foreshadowed by a popping sound. Easily avoidable now. The Snow Sand, which I gave of us the benefit of identifying so we can also avoid that in the future too.”
, John thought to himself as a hush lulled over the crowd.
John exhaled, pressing his forehead to Sherlock's. For a moment the two of them just sat and breathed. The sooner they got out of this damn swamp, the closer to his ship they would be and hopefully there they could patch up as they needed. “How many more times is the world going to try to part us?”
Yet, John couldn’t help but wonder if sometimes they sounded closer rather than further. He debated bringing this up, but he wasn’t fully confident in his senses at the moment. Now that the immediate dangers had passed, he was beginning to feel his adrenaline drop and his weariness take over once again. It was possible that his mind was playing tricks on him. This theory was quickly disproven, only moments later, the gurgling pop sounded right next to him which was quickly followed by a tower of flame shooting up next to him. John lept back, but not in time to pull his cloak out of the literal line of fire in time. “Argh!” he exclaimed as Sherlock ripped the inflamed material from his back with a rip.
This seemed to set Hope off, “Am I going mad, or did the word
John watched him carefully, for a moment he could hear Sherlock’s voice saying those words through Roberts’ tale. Trying to talk his way out, relying on his mind rather than his fists. If Roberts was waiting for John to speak, he wouldn't get his wish. Yet, John couldn't help but notice the softness that had taken his captor. As if the memory was close to his heart somehow.The pirate continued his story: “
The phrase ran on a loop inside Prince John’s mind as he wandered about the castle halls. If he had thought himself sad before, this was down right unbearably depressing. At least before, he had thought there was no way for him to have Sherlock again. He had thought him dead, taken from him by fate and not by any choice of his own. It was easy to feel blameless. Yet, even then he had laid awake at night, wondering if he could have done something. Stopped him from going, gone with him. Gone in his place. Anything could have changed the tragic outcome, but he didn’t allow himself to think like that because what was done was done and it couldn't be reversed.
Count Charles immediately noticed his shift in demeanour. His body stiffening as he pulled himself back upright. Serene grin turning into a cold stare. “...I know a woman who is looking for you….”
.” He added darkly before giving the horse a swift kick and following the trail, leaving his men to hastily trail after him.
None of this mattered much to Sherlock, however, as the life of a nobleman’s son did not hold much interest for him. He was a man of science, first and foremost. When he wasn't studying the latest research that tickled into the bookshops of their village, he was conducting his own. His experiments were to the chagrin of his mother, Lady Holmes who fretted about the situations her youngest son ended up in. A sentiment shared by the farm boy.
“What the bloody hell are you on about?!” John exclaimed, as Rosie gave him a serious look of allegiance. “You are not helping! I'm trying to calm her not rile her up more!”
John took a step back, the woman began crawling towards him with furious vengeance in her eye. “Restrain her! Take her away!” It was no use, the woman fought the guards. Growing closer as her face turned dark and eyes unfathomable. Looking much like the grim figure of doom as a repeated chorus fell from her lips as she gained on him. “BOO! BOO! YOU REPTILE. HOW COULD YOU JOHN? WHAT HAVE YOU DONE! BOO! BOO!”
“You got that right. The Fire Swamp certainly does keep you on your toes.”
“Fine.”
“Masters, you can tell by the footwork.” Charles piped, “But how long ago.”
The Ancient Booer was meant to be Mrs. Hudson. I don't know if that came across however. Let me know in the comments.
The Man in Black gave a sarcastic wince, “Well, that
A balcony below, dressed in the same colours but reversed, Prince John stepped out into view of the crowds for the first time. The sun catching the blue brooch he wore and catching the colour in his eyes for even the people furthest away to spot. He felt his insides clench, all the expectant eyes bore through him in a most intimidating fashion. For a moment, he expected the crowd to reject him; thinking him nothing special and undeserving of his status.
This is just inconceivable!” And it was true, clinging to the jagged rocks, The Man in Black gripped tightly and began his unsteady climb.
Unlike now, he had held Sherlock in his arms once more. Seen him, felt him with his own eyes and hands. He was alive and John
John’s face scrunched in confusion at the statement, turning to question him before see the strange look on his face. It was uncharacteristically unguarded and it was almost frightening to witness. John didn't even know what to think before he felt the realisation dawn on him.
An hour and a half later, Sherlock frowned bitterly as the farm boy patched him up. “This wouldn't have happened if you hadn't been so impertinent!”
“I think I am going to have a word with Captain Watson once he’s off duty, tell him to wait for me.”
be murdered!  I demand that the thieves forest be cleared out by my wedding! That is an order, chief.”
Molly had nearly dropped the book in fright, pulled away from the grasp of an upset and sick Rosie, who looked as if she had faced the greatest betrayal in her life. “YOU READ THAT WRONG.” she insisted, “you had to have.”
“And you know I do?”
Back at the beginning.
“I must know.”
Around him, John could see the waves ripple of their own accord. Something circling him just out of sight. The hissing was constant; monstrous and menacing. He had to admit that he was a bit frightened.
Prince John gave him the coldest stare, his eyes not even hiding the fact that they lingered on Sherlock's brooch. Wanting nothing more than to reach over and rip it off him and strangle the man who stole it. Not necessarily in that order. “Only compared to some.”
, the Prince thought to himself.
“I’m alright, calm down. The cloak you pummelled got the worst of it. Slight singe on my sleeve but nothing to fret over.” John assured, as he felt his fiancé tense up. “Are you okay?”
The Prince rolled his eyes and looked so disappointed in the question. “No, no, no, no… the loser is nothing! Only the Prince matters! Come on!”
Shoutout to Mondy for being the unofficial proofreader of this hot mess.
The Man in Black paused before sighing in relief, “Thank you.” He took a seat on a nearby rock and Irene follow suited across from him.
Lestrade sighed. “Hope, this isn't what we agreed to. We agreed to kidnapping the Prince, you want to kill him - fine. I didn't sign on for this. Adler…
What now?
never takes prisoners.”
“You’re right, but that’s exactly why it's perfect.”
“Only Lestrade is strong enough to go our way.” Adler called back, for John’s benefit as he realised by her eyes meeting his as Hope hoisted him up to his feet, leading him over to the ropes. Her lips were freshly painted and hair still swept cleanly despite spending a night at sea. “The pursuer will have to sail a bit till he finds Harbour.”
“Because John Watson, you are not worthy of my cheers!” The old woman was small but her words held the bite of a younger woman and a strength well concealed. She made a motion to stand but the guards pushed her back down. John shouted in offense to the brutish nature of the kingsmen. He opened his mouth to apologise but the woman’s fury had peaked once more, her voice now shouting to the crowds around them. “You had love in your hands and you gave it up for gold!”
Roberts definitely caught his pause, he could see his eyebrows shoot upward beneath his mask. Yet he didn't call him on it, instead he took a long sigh. It was as if the very discussion bored him. “Oh, I suppose that's possible,” he said with a uninterested drawl, “I've killed a lot of people.”
“And what's wrong with being a Princess?!” Rosie frowned indignantly.
“No! Daddy is who I'm mad at! How could you do that! How could you marry the Prince? He is so mean!! What about Sherlock? He loves you and you let him get thrown into
Hope growled. “It's no concern of ours!” Lestrade sighed and went to rejoin Adler on the upper deck. Hope settled on the ground next to John. Snide smirk on his lips. “I suppose you think that was very brave, don't ya?”
(See the end of the chapter for
However, the nudge couldn’t have been even more poorly timed, as John unknowingly gave Sherlock that joval shove just as he bordered a hidden patch of Snow Sand. The Snow Sand was another horror that haunted the nightmares of children. It was heavy, it filled you up and dragged you down until there was no hope of escaping. Sherlock dropped his sword as he felt himself sink into the sand. His first instinct was to panic, thrash and flail but reason dictated otherwise. Instead, he shut his eyes and mouth, wishing he had still had the mask to block his nostrils, and spread his arms and legs into a star shape. It would slow his sink, but it wouldn’t stop it. His fate rested in the hands of John Watson now.
“Really?!” Rosie asked, a bit brighter at the idea,
Out on the parapets, King James II held a hand out to the crowds below, lowering it once he had the focus of onlookers. “My father's final words were:---”
The Barracks. That was apart of the castle. Fortune perhaps was finally smiling upon Lestrade. If the castle held the Six-Fingered Man, then that was where Madame Adler would surely show up if she still breathed. All Gregory had to do was wait it out and keep his eyes open.
The Count! The Prince! John! Oh things were worse than he could have imagined, not only was John in danger but there was a cruel murderer whispering in the ears of the man John should be fearing the most. He had confronted him, sort of. That’s where everything is blurry. He remembered being manhandled, someplace dark and cold. Hands. Hands touching him and he wanted to fight and scream but he couldn’t.
From behind the trees, the royal guard came into view, armed and surrounding them. A couple of horses came into view, Count Charles and Prince James rode into view. The Prince held a face of victory as he bore his gaze into Sherlock with a twisted venom. “SURRENDER!
“I'm not upset! Promise!”
“I know you have questions, I had been hoping to reach the ship before we got into all of this…”
John could only glare, “No. He was of minor noble birth, but it wasn't anything more than a title his parents held. He was second born, so he didn't even inherit that. That didn't matter though because he was a great man. A madman, but amazing nonetheless...” His own life could be mocked by this man all he wanted, but he wouldn't let the Pirate diminish Sherlock. He could still perfectly envision every angle in his face, the cupid bow of his lips and how soft they had been when they had kissed, the messy curl that could never be tamed despite Lady Holmes’ efforts, the eyes he could stare into for hours and how magical they seemed in their shifting colours.
“You mean, you hoped to successfully get away with kidnapping me before telling me you were alive.” It's manic, John’s voice. Uncertain if he was more amazed or furious. It's stated as a fact, not an inquiry.
Irene gave him a small amused sniff, smiling slightly in concession. “My wife was killed by a six fingered man.” At this, The Man in Black appeared more sympathetic, holding up his right hand. He pulled the black leather glove off, revealing only five long slender pale fingers. Irene, pacified nodded her head in thanks. “My wife, Kate - she used to help her father at the forge. He was good at sword making, but oh, Kate breathed it. One day, the six fingered man came and requested a sword. The extra finger prompting a challenge for usual blades to be as effective.”
The Count looked up, lowering his quill with deliberant delay before answering. “Of course, my lord.”
Then again, what would a nobleman’s son need a farm boy for in terms of friendship?
is any harder to deduce?”
The Man in Black took this into regard, seeming to consider this before speaking. Almost challenging him with his next question. “Do you really think your dearest love will save you?”
touching him; Sherlock could feel it, or rather numerous things were touching him. Despite the blistering pain in his head, he forced his eyes open. The room he was in wasn’t very bright but even the small amount of light that shone through stung his eyes. Wincing audibly, he attempted to lift his head up only to find he couldn't. The slight shifting his face could make was enough to to verify that his head was strapped into some form of brace. It felt as if two suction cups were on either side of his forehead, and those weren’t the only places. His arms, his legs, his chest. All strapped down and from straining his eyes to look far enough down, all seemed to be covered in the menacing cups.
. It had intrigued Roberts, you see. In his silence, I must have talked for over forty minutes about you. Describing you in every means available to me, probably would still be there now if I hadn’t been interrupted by him.
John stepped forward, passing Sherlock so he stood between the dueling men. “If we surrender, and I return with you - swear to me that no harm will come to this man!” His voice was razor sharp and direct, prompting a look of surprise on the Prince's face that reminded him of their engagement.
Sherlock gave him a careful grin, as if afraid of letting it crack through his guarded face lest John not be receptive to it. On his face, it was apparent that he was afraid. Scared that he had been gone to long; had hurt him too deeply by vanishing.  Yet, in the middle of all of that; something grander was obvious and it took John by surprise. Even if John pushed him aside right now; even if he ran back to Prince James and told Sherlock to never speak to him again - he was just glad to finally be with him once more. Even if it was for a final time. All these years later, John realised that Sherlock loved him as much as he had the day he left; John also knew that all his anger aside that he felt the same.
Even in the distance, John and Prince James could hear the agony in his voice as he struggled until the guards closed in around him and the horse vanished from sight. Count Charles watched the scene play out with an serene amusement on his face, in his head, the Prince’s hushed orders echoed:
He stood rigid in his stance, the perfect vision of a soldier and leader, but lost in his eyes was an unsettled fear that could not be missed by either man. “I merely wonder if any word from your ships had come in.”
The Man shrugged, “The only thing is, that I can't have you following me either.”
I should also warn people who are not familiar with The Princess Bride that there will be some implied violent torture in upcoming chapters. Nothing graphic will be depicted, but watch the tags.
“I hate this. I’m itchy, I feel awful and I miss my da’.” Rosie pouted, puckering her lip out to prove a point.
strong. The small man, the one who claimed to be a
Those words stung, and perhaps Sherlock saw the pain in John's face for he immediately reached out as John took a step back. Capturing his wrist in his hand, two fingers pressed along the pulse point of his quickening heart. “No, no, let me finish…” Sherlock pleaded, a tone of desperation he had never once heard before in his voice. Gone was the demanding orders for the Farm Boy, he was asking John for something now. “...you ran away before you could say it but I knew what you were saying.  Of course I did Farm boy, I have imagined you figuring it out and coming after me so many times. It's only cruel irony that you came to the realisation when you did.”
The Count’s eyes flashed violently, before withdrawing his sword. Whacking Sherlock on the head with the base of the handle, knocking him out cold.
In truth, nothing but his anxieties about the unpleasant discussion coming up (if, Sherlock even allowed such a conversation to occur, as he seemed very keen on reaching his boat before he had a chance to even formally break it off - something John would have to talk to him about) gave John reason to believe the Prince held any true malice or would lash out violently upon the news.
it will be when I strangle him on our wedding night. Once Gilder is blamed, everyone will be so distraught they will demand we go to war.” It was true, Prince Jonathan’s popularity had skyrocketed after his kidnapping. The people painting him the tragic hero and the fact that
“Billy, eh? Billy, can I ask you why you look so scared?”
“Adler! Chase him down! You were suppose to be watching him, Lestrade!”
“Don't.”
“A bit but as long as you head west before nightfall, you should be safe from catching your death with the cold.” She mused, smoothing her hair into her updo once more.
“I don't like that this is how we must fight. So uncivilized, I might just let you pass if you hadn't harmed my friend.”
“Temping, but I'm afraid you’ll just have to wait.”
- only to miss the possibility that perhaps he wouldn't be affected by such a toxin? He remembered John, sweet angry John shouting to high heavens about how much he had loved him. Furious at the thought he was with Sherlock’s killer and attempting to get even by killing Sherlock himself.
“It’s no intrusion at all, what troubles you?”
was somehow being scolded?!
“Really?”
Sherlock bit his lip momentarily, a sheepish grin and a devilish eye in stark contrast to each other on his face. “I did not lie, you named me as Roberts and that is who I am.”
“Sire…” the enforcer spoke respectfully, head tilting back up to see the Prince motion for him to be at ease.
It wasn't a question, so Irene felt no need to confirm what he had figured out. Instead they just shared a silent laugh and rested. A few moments passed before The Man in Black spoke again. “Well, I truthfully and sincerely hope you find the man some day.” he answered, rising to his feet and stretching.
“Fine, if that's what you wish but it hardly seems to matter if you’ve just come to say goodbye.”
The Man in Black lowered his blade. “I suppose zis scenario will provide me a better chance, but frankly I feel ze odds are slightly in your favour when it comes to street wrestling.”
“Of course.”
“DEATH FIRST!”
John’s vision was suddenly navy blue as the scarf wrapped around his eyes. Feeling it knotted securely as a makeshift blindfold. He wondered what use in blindfolding him was until he felt the unmissable tip of a sharp object press warningly against his throat.
“I fear I'll never see you again.” John admitted, standing in the doorway of his small hut.
There was a shout, the executioner, despite being armed and armoured fell into a lifeless lump as the prisoners clamoured off his body, looking at each other gravely. Prince James held a satisfied smirk as he looked up to the Count standing over him. “What is it then?”
“My Prince, forgive my intrusion. I was unaware you were in a meeting at present.” John’s head motioned slightly in acknowledgment of Dimmock. “I promise to be brief.”
“Don't apologise dear, it's fine. Now sit up and take this.”
The little boy watched him with curious eyes, a small trace of fear in them as he approached. Probably fearing he had done something wrong and was to be punished for it now. Only to look even more confused as John got on one knee in front of him with a friendly smile. “Hello.”
Which was why, on this particular day a week before his wedding, John was startled out of his thoughts by a peculiar sight. A woman and what seemed to be an aging man with a cane, hobbling along the road. The woman looked frantic, confused and relieved when she saw him approach the other direction.  She waved her hands, “Monsieur! Please, monsieur!” her dialect unmistakably French and her face, regardless of the tattered hood that framed it, was unmistakably gorgeous.
Rosie considered this for a moment before agreeing. Molly placed the book on the side table, slipping a bookmark in before she did. She let out a surprised sound as she checked her phone. 12 missed messages from Sherlock and John - that couldn't be good.
However, she wasn't ready to go back to the traitor just yet. Her eyes stung as everyone didn't see the obvious betrayal, her stomach churned along with it (but that was more likely to be the chickenpox). “No…” her voice was smaller, meeker than before as she tried to steady it. “No, daddy you were wrong! You aren't listening… ‘Sirlock’ loves you and you let him go… no….” She kept repeating that as John guided her back to the pillow and Molly tucked her in.
Molly studied her for a moment before realising what was going on. Rosie was frightened. In an attempt to save the little girl’s pride, she offered her Goddaughter a kind smile. “Maybe we should rest for a bit. Continue this in a bit?”
Yes. I live. This chapter has been kicking my ass for literally a year, along with writing with a perspectives I am not super convinced I had a hold on. I don't fully love the blend of Lestrade and Fezzik here, but you know what... it's been one year. I needed to get past it and just let bygones be bygones. Let's hope it's smooth sailing from now on.
It was another hour before Sherlock brought them to a stop, in the distance behind them, along the upper lip of the valley, Prince James’ party had come into sight. John expected Sherlock to panic, but was surprised once more by the madman when he let out a laugh. “Ha! It seems your pig betrothed is too late!” Sherlock looked victorious, but there was an edge to his joy as he braced himself for what lay ahead. They had outrun the Prince, but their next obstacle wasn’t any more pleasant. He squeezed John’s hand before laying his forefingers against his wrist. The accelerated, yet steadfast beat of John’s heart grounded him. Steeled him to the dangers ahead. “In just a few steps, we shall be within the safety of the fire swamp.” He declared, pressing a quick kiss to John’s temple before the man had a moment to process what he said before being tugged along towards a foreboding shadowy forest.
“Your highness?”
“Why did you lie about whom you were? Wait no, I mean. I get it a bit. You wanted to test me, right? No, get that look off your face - it’s alright. It’s a bit not good, but it’s fine. What I mean instead is, why did you claim to be whom you did? Was it just because that’s who I decided you were?”
. Coincidences were not something he believed in, the universe was rarely that lazy. A sly grin spread across his face, remembering the words of the french woman, Irene Adler:
: Limited, admittedly, but further proof to the theory was what he could see was lacking in any form of natural light. Even dungeons often taunted their prisoners with sunlight to prevent madness when available. If they wanted him in peak condition, they wouldn’t want him going mad in the dark if they could help it. That was why there were a few torches in the room, offering small but acceptable light for his mind.
“No worries mate, I have kids. I was one myself. I'm good.” he assured.
The Man in Black reached the rock formations, the trail was still fresh which meant that he wasn't too far behind. The joy of battle aside, he hadn't quite anticipated the slowdown of the duel. Precious time had been lost. His mind was recalibrating. Attempting to reform the ideal plan - the best route when something abruptly shook him from his thoughts. The shaking smash of a rock nearly colliding with his head.
“Then we were the same.”
Sherlock was the second born in his family, so he himself held very little outside of his family's name and reputation. His mother, somewhere in her lineage, had noble blood. While the bloodline had diluted generations ago, the title remained. Passed down to their firstborns, as titles do. The exact stature of his family was the subject of some question in their village. They were important enough to visit court on occasion, but not enough to have actual authority outside of their lands. It was all rather confusing and best not to be thought about for too long. The important part was their home, Musgrave Hall that provided much of the employment in their village. Everything else was to debate in taverns and classrooms in the village.
Sandwich tray discarded to the further side of the bed, a mess of blonde curl stuck out from underneath a sea of cushion and comforter. “Da?” She yawned, having fallen asleep once more while she waited for Molly to come back. “Dad what are you doing here? Aren't you going to get sick?” She pulled the blanket closer to her chest as she if that would protect him from catching
“As you wish.”
him and he knew now that John
“After you endangered it…”
The good thing about being on a Brute Squad, was that as a Brute you fit right in. Lestrade could still boast being the biggest and the strongest of them, but here that earned him favour and respect.  Maybe the brute squad was where he belonged all this time? A few of the lads had sweet talked a scullery maid into slipping them some ale, so now a few sat around fire outside the barracks in song together. Passing the stolen liquor around.
It was a week before the wedding when King James passed away in the night, the news awoke The Prince Consort from his sleep to be brought to the side Prince James and his stepmother, Queen Janine. Watching the Prince's face, twist with a controlled emotional depth he hadn't seen him express before took John by surprise. He had never considered the Prince truly heartless, but he never imagined him to be so affected by the loss of his father - mostly because he seemed to pay little care to him for as long as he had known him.
“I think I am done for now… going to go clean up for dinner now.” he spoke carefully, reaching past him to pick his jacket up where it lay.
Lestrade frowned slightly as he swiped once more, putting his weight into it. Missing, but the weight of the punch causing him to stumble - allowing The Man in Black to leap onto the rock and use the height to throw himself onto the back of Lestrade.
“I know you have questions, I had been hoping to reach the ship before we got into all of this…”
. Lies do not become us.” He wasn’t an idiot; he knew what was really happening. Even though his heart was aching just as much as his body - Sherlock wasn’t blinded like John was. John was in danger by the man he trusted, and Sherlock wasn’t going to be reunited with his pirate crew anytime soon.
“I am your loyal servant, and I already did.”
Sherlock had promised he would come back. In vain, John had waited and waited for some miracle. Months he waited before he was forced to face a vile truth. Miracles didn’t exist and Sherlock Holmes was dead.
As his eyes adjusted, to the dawn’s light he was greeted by the face of Adler sitting on a crate near him. Watching him and the horizon in equal measure. “Good morning your highness, hope you slept well. I don't expect you to have, but all the same…” She mused. Her tone almost apologetic nature.
Moran shrugged with a frustrated sigh, his lip split from an earlier fight. Swinging his rifle back over his shoulder.  “Yeah, we’re making decent headway now that we cleared the north quarter, but there is some woman giving us trouble in the south…”
(See the end of the chapter for
John gasped loudly  as he used his remaining strength to throw them over the the edge and pull them out. All he could see for a moment was sand as it poured out of every orifice, hair and fold of fabric. When he could finally see clearly, his eyes fell upon Sherlock who was coughing up sand harshly. He instinctively crawled over, patting him on the back in an upwards motion, much like one would burp a child after feeding, as any small semblance of assistance. He felt rather helpless as he watched the man eventually crumple from exhaustion and lack of oxygen. He laid on his side, catching his breath as John rested a hand on his hip. “Well that was tedious…” Sherlock muttered when his lungs finally began to calm down.
“No. It. Is. Not. Okay!” Rosie was adamant.
The last thing John saw was the Woman release him and step back next to the aging man, who stood up straight and steady (cane cast aside) as a large hand grabbed his neck from behind; prompting everything to fade to black.
“And what about the R.O.U.S’?” John asked him warily. R.O.U.S, or Rodents of Unusual Size were described to be the size of wolves and as wild as a rabid animal. They were indeed Rodents, proven by the few times in history a stray one would wander out of the woods and die, only adding fuel to their mythical fire. Yet, nobody in recent history had ever truly seen one - which lead to speculation of exaggeration or misinformation about the cruel beasts rumoured to inhabit the Swamps.
“Why didn't you wait for me?” The question threw him off guard; John blinked as he realised that Sherlock was looking at him with razor sharp focus. For the first time since their reunion, his face was unguarded - such as it was the night he arrived to John’s hut before leaving. Much as it had been the night John had taken care of his concussion after falling off the roof of the barn.
Sherlock, for all his trepidation about entering the Swamps, laughed lightly. “Rodents of Unusual Size? I don't believe they actually exist.”
A place this large and expensive, needed a lot of space. He could distinguish through sound alone that there were many floors to this place. Six if he had to guess, but he couldn’t be certain without further data. No building like this could be spotted on the surface of Florin, Sherlock would have noticed. Anyone with eyes would have noticed a mysterious six plus floored tower in the middle of the countryside.  The cool damp nature of this place left only one solution - he was underground.
John pulled the reign, bringing the beast to a stop before dismounting. Approaching with only slight trepidation at the sight of people in the King's Forest. While he was certain people came in all the time without being caught, he had never encountered it himself or had ever given thought to the possibility of what he would do ( or should do ) if it ever happened. “Are you alright madam?” he called forth. Steadying the stead before going forward to meet them.
There is a good chance I won't be able to update this story for a week, I have a busy work week plus I am going away next weekend. If I can get a chapter done before I go, I'll post it. Otherwise, I'll be back to updating in a week.
Rosie, who still hadn't yet fully tempered from her anger, pouted in a rather Sherlockian fashion answering, “I hate being sick… I got daddy sick too.”
John wasn't certain if he felt he should wait, not when he didn't know how long Sherlock would be gone for, but the desperation in his finacé’s voice convinced him not to push the matter. “But you do?”
“I told you, it was silly.” Molly looked as if she wanted the ground to swallow her up.
Irene gave a sad laugh. “Oh no, Kate worked and slaved for almost a year. Perfecting every tiny detail until it was ready. She was so proud, her finest work. However, when the Six Fingered Man returned he demanded it for a third of the asking price. Kate refused. Without hesitation, he picked up his sword and stabbed her through the chest. I was devastated.” She paused for a moment, eyes shut as if reliving it all over again. Once composed, she continued, “So I picked up the six-fingered sword and challenged him to a duel. I lost, naturally. I had hardly ever touched a sword let alone fought with one. However, the Six Fingered Man let me live - but not untouched. He gave me this…” She angled her head, showing a thin scar that trailed along her jaw, and then the other way showing it's twin.
Lestrade gave her a plotting grin, the face of a man proud to gift this knowledge and knew full well where it would lead them. “I found the Six-Fingered Man. He’s in the castle.”
Molly looked uncertain, an expression shared by the others as Greg paused. “I'm not sure if that's a good idea,” he began hesitantly, “not if it’s going to upset you.”
John looked at her and the man, clear signs of travel upon them, and relaxed. They were not intentionally breaking the law, clearly. Just foreigners who got themselves turned around. As Prince Consort, it would be rude of him not to help this lovely french maiden and her father.
The square erupted once more, exclaiming in support - wanting to see whom among their ranks was worthy of the future king.
The gates into the square opened, and Prince once more walked out of the castle confines and among the people once more. Like before, there were cheers and smiles. People bowing and others applauding. In the distance, he could even see Billy Wiggins in the distance with a bright smile as he stood the bars of a gate to see over the heads of others. The colours of Florin waved and up above from the parapets he could see King James II giving him the slightest beam of pride. This was something he did right. He messed up his own life; he had hurt the man he loved and he did not feel a thing for his husband - but he could this. He could be what the people needed him to be with their guidance. For the first time since the bottom of the valley, John felt he could breathe again.
He was sneaking off into the night without procession, and while Gregory didn’t know much about Counts. He knew they were unlikely to take off in the night without even a watchman. This called for investigative pursuit. Staggering to his feet, only a slight grunt from his bench-mate as he rose,  Lestrade kept his distance as he wandered off after them. Within ten minutes, he could have kicked himself for not bringing a light with him as he feared finding his way back to be a challenge later on. Settling instead to look up at the night sky as Adler taught him from their boat, navigating with the stars.
Sherlock remained rigid. “It's becoming one, I suppose.”
He sighed deeply. “So I am to be tortured then?” The Man nodded, and Sherlock straightened himself out as much as possible. “I can cope with torture.” At this, the man laughed. Sherlock frowned, “Don’t believe me?”
“Then why do you do this? Why do you choose to insult me on this day?”
“I don’t follow.”
At this the Prince smiled, laughing lightly at the comment. “Is that so?” he didn’t deny the Captain’s statement outright, but he stopped in his tracks. “I must admit, Captain I am very confused by your refusal. I mean, outside of the fact that we’ve never met before and I know hardly anything about you --- what is there to refuse?” There was a self-aware humour to his words, but a genuine interest in the answer. “Are you spoken for?”
“If I have any say in it,” His fiancé began, groaning as he rolled his shoulder to refrain it from going numb, “that is the last time. We have to near the end now, I can see some light starting crack through the trees.” John pressed his lips to his forehead before twisting his face. Sherlock smirked and let out a chuckle. “Snow Sand?”
“If you swim back now, I promise no harm will befall you tonight.” Hope promised, holding his hand over his heart as if delivering a pledge.
If John hadn't been too busy to find a way to free himself before the boat set sail, he would have snorted himself at that. Lestrade spoke this time, humming questionably. “It just doesn't feel right murdering a decent and innocent fella?”
He didn’t run away immediately, that not only would have been a huge disrespect to the family he served but it also was physically impossible for him to do anything. He had been angry, hurt --- lost in a sea of confusion and mourning as he tried to understand how he could live in a world where Sherlock Holmes was dead.
Molly and Sherlock gave John a look, who gulped before sighing in defeat. “Absolutely nothing, I was just… surprised by the casting… Molly if you would like to start now?”
Roberts didn't look up as slender gloved fingers loosened the rough ropes. “It's slowing us down. I want to reach the ship before night fall. Besides, it would be foolish to try to escape. You are in no fit state to fight, you also don't know the terrain like I do, should you attempt to flee.”
Sherlock shuffled in defeat over towards The Count, arms held tightly by the kingsmen. His sword confiscated and his shoulder in blistering pain from the struggles. Count Charles gave him a charming smile. “Come sir, let us bring you back to your ship.”
Prince James frowned, hardly turning to glance at him, and instead leaning forward to watch as the executioner was swarmed and pinned, yet still kept swinging. “Can it wait? I’m rather busy at the moment.”
Sherlock watched as the odd man, Culverton it seemed, pulled his hungry beady eyes away from himself and obeyed the Count’s request. Count Charles waltzed over towards the table that Sherlock was strapped down to. He gazed at him, his eyes devouring him in a way that made the younger man feel greatly exposed. “Beautiful, isn’t it? The machine?” His eyes never left Sherlock. “Took me half a lifetime to invent it. I'm sure you've discovered my deep and abiding interest in pain. At present, I'm writing the definitive work on the subject, so I want you to be totally honest with me on how The Machine makes you feel.”
It seemed very possible. “I went back for you, and I heard that you…” he looked as if the words pained him to even think of. “You told me you don’t love him; you wore my token --- yet, you held such little faith in me. You were promising to spend the rest of your life with
“Oi, you never said it was my turn! You were sitting  with him.”
Chérie - Sweetheart, Dear, etc
The wine had been swiped from a rube who had been to distracted by her pretty face and perfected Italian on her way into the woods. It had been hard to miss the tall tale versions of the events that had played out once The Man in Black had knocked her out on the cliff-side. She had been more surprised than anything, after being swallowed by blackness, to feel a dull ache on the back of her skull and a chill in her bones where she had been lain out on the rocky terrain all night.  The fact the cold alone hadn’t killed her was more of the miracle in itself.
John nodded and held the door open for him. Sherlock smirked a bit as he looked about, pointing towards the dilapidated bookshelf in the corner. “That was broken last time too.” he mused. “Funny, you spend all your days working and fixing things but you hardly touch your own belongings.”
The Prince continued. “John, I need a Royal Consort who can help win the people over. I cannot lead them, if they don’t trust me.” Prince James screwed his face into one more open, playing to the soldier and hero he pegged was inside of John. “I cannot protect them, if they don’t trust me. So please, John, trust in me. Marry me. Or, if I am that unappealing to you, death is still an option.”
He cleared his throat, not trusting his voice to not betray his emotions. “Right, yes… that sounds… that’s fine. Thank you. I’m tired now though, by your leave your highness - goodnight.”
this and I want this, why do you
Hope leaped from his seat, scampering over quickly as Lestrade turned in curiosity. In the distance, over the moonlit waves, a small ship could be seen. It was too small to be royal navy, yet too big to be a casual sailor. Adler placed a hand on her hip, one eyebrow cocked matter of factly towards the smaller man. He could feel her stares, grinding his teeth at the prospect of being outwitted by his subordinates. “That? Oh, that's nothing.” he said.
So much so in fact, the he missed the ripple in the water that was beelining directly to him until just before the jaw of a shrieking eels was widening to attack. For a moment, John thought this was it for him - until he felt a huge hand grip the scruff of his shirt and hoist him from the water, just missing the creature's grasp.
John was in love. That was a terrifying thought but God was it also exhilarating to admit to himself.
. Her voice accented slightly, so perhaps that hadn't been entirely false yesterday but nowhere near as strong or overpowering as it had been in the Woods.
“Oh!” he had called back, unaware of his presence. “Apologies farm boy, but I recommend staying clear of the South entrance for a while.”
“I am.”  John looked up into the sectoral eyes of Sherlock Holmes, he looked older - aged by the ordeals that he carried in his stature. His skin was more tanned, laboring under the sun as a likely culprit based on the deduction the man had made earlier - although, in retrospect, it was less a deduction and more a recollection. Sherlock had already known all of this.
John look him in the eye, fingers flexing and clenching as he did. “I was giving you a chance.” he spoke, “We could have parted amicably. Fine. No matter, because let me tell you this: it doesn't matter where you take me. I have come to know that there is no greater hunter than Prince James. He will find you.”
Sherlock was not fond of physicality he didn’t initiate; while he could deal with the rough grip of the guards - he despised the almost intimate way that The Count looked at and touched him. Sherlock pulled his head away, causing Count Charles’ hand to retreat slightly. Holding itself up, fingers spread as if he were trying to tame a wild animal. That was when Sherlock saw it, his gloved hand. Everything prim and proper, the fine leather riding gloves that held the embossing of a family crest on the back of the palm before spreading out into one, two, three, four, five,
No sooner had the words left his lips before something giant, brown frenzied creature leaped the tree above, fangs bared as it tackled Sherlock onto the swamp floor. John leaped back, avoiding being dragged down with them, only to see a Rat the size of a Wolf and as wild as a rabid animal locked in a physical fight with Sherlock. It's jaws snapped as Sherlock tried to keep them pried open, while avoiding losing his hands in the process. He grunted as its claws dug into his flesh as he tried to throw it off of him.
to leave immediately? I don't get that.”
We've had quite a few chapters without interruptions from Plot B, they will be coming in a bit more as we reach the final six chapters.
John couldn’t escape. He couldn’t hide. Everyone had begun to turn with her. Everyone looked at him accusatory. The praise was gone. The kingdom didn’t want him to serve for them - they wanted his head.
And yes, that is the official name of that character. It's crazy, right?
, he ventured to guess.
“Shut up and just get him back!!”
Finally, someone had appreciated his efforts and saw his gifts as a blessing, not something to fear. Hope played him, saying everything he needed so desperately to hear before offering him not just a job, but a promise of being in company of people who appreciated him. People who didn't call him freak or booed. Lestrade ate it up and by months end, he was sailing away with Hope to France where the rest of their trio awaited.  It hadn’t taken long for him to realise the attempted duplicity on the part of Hope who, once he had Lestrade under his thumb, took no pains to attempt hiding his cruel and dominating personality. Hope took great joys out of screeching at him and his co-worker, Irene Adler. Lording over them as the self-proclaimed mastermind, barking orders which sometimes made no sense whatsoever - yet almost always worked out in the end.
“A bit late for that, I'm afraid.” he answered, stepping into the room where Rosie could better see the bright red spots on his face.
“Life is pain, highness. Anyone who says otherwise is selling something.” Roberts snapped. Silence filled the air around them. Neither daring to move an inch or say a word for a few moments. Eventually, Roberts rose to his feet and John expected to be pulled along harshly once more. However, he began to pace as if in thought. He didn't seem to acknowledge John's presence for a moment before he abruptly began talking again. “I think I remember this nobleman’s son of yours. What was this? Five years ago? Does it bother you to hear me speak of him?”
“John please, don't say it.”
The majority of this chapter is filling in a missing part from both the film & the movie; explaining how on earth Fezzik knew that The Count was the Six Fingered Man and that they needed to find The Man In Black. An event which was a long standing plot hole in the story. Perhaps that was why this chapter took over a goddamn year to get out. Yikes.
Except for Sherlock - who met his gaze like always.
Lestrade reached over the edge, offering a long muscled arm in offering to him. “Gotta be honest mate, I doubt you'll get such an offer from them.”
John did not return the endearment, instead giving a stiff nod before stating matter of factually, “He will come.”
, they said.
That was when he saw him, a little boy no older than nine years of age, hair wild and curly on his head (like Sherlock's) and blond. He was looking at him with the widest eyes imaginable, as if he couldn't believe he was seeing him -- as if he couldn't believe that someone like him was seeing a boy like him. He wore shabby clothes, much like John had until five years ago and he just looked so taken by him. The little boy sneakily raised his hand, close to his chest as if afraid of being spotted, and waved.
“I knew what to expect from those three; I knew nothing of you!” John countered. Sherlock didn't answer, John’s eyes had become almost murderous. Sherlock had been the one lying all this time, letting him think he was dead, and
The Man in Black arched an eyebrow at this, to which she only replied with a devilish smirk before explaining: “I did so to such an extent however, that I found myself stuck in India in some trouble when Hope found me about three years ago. He helped me get out and I've been working with him ever since to pay the bills.”
The blonde girl looked up, face a bit paler than before, as her fingers clenched around the (undoubtedly) expensive bedding Sherlock owned. “Hmm?”
“He’s dying, your highness. A few months at worst,  a couple more years at best.”
Whatever he had been expecting, it hadn’t been that. “What?... I mean, Pardon, your highness?”
In the eyes of his men, The Prince had much to worry about without having to cut across enemy country in search of his consort. His father’s failing health, standing on the precipice of a war about to break out any moment between the neighbouring countries, the fast approaching anniversary of Florin and his own wedding. Only Count Charles could recognise the feverish state just below all of that. The one that was thrilled by a hunt; one with bigger stakes. In a sense, this was a better chase than anything the Zoo of Death offered; real life stakes. Not just experiments. Perhaps it was unseemly in court to admit to such things, but Charles was a man of science. He appreciated the Princes’ thirst. Yet that wasn’t all he sensed. There was a lingering trace of fury, masked well by the appropriate fury to having to save a loved one from death. This one was different, darker. Secret. The face of a man whose plans had gone all wrong and was determined to get to the bottom of it.
“Does that mean something to you?”
The younger man still looked at him like he was speaking in foreign tongues, but at least a familiar look of humour had settled into the mix as he gave him a smirk before continuing their walk. “And they called
Hope rolled his eyes, “Not for what I have in mind.”
Prince James grinned to himself, imagining the fight that went down and the brains that contributed to it. “There was,” he began, “a mighty duel. Can't you all see?”
John sniffed, small smile on his lips as he thought to that day. How far away it seemed right now, but looking around his little hut, he knew that Sherlock was right. “I’ll miss you.”
He looked at him, ice in his gaze but it wasn't alone. John could see, hiding underneath the frost and tucked away in the back corner of his eye, a desperate plea. It wasn't obvious at a glance, you had to be looking for it. John hadn't realised he had been looking that intently into the sectoral eyes of Sherlock Holmes until he spotted it. “John, drop it….
The Man gave him a devilish grin, finding twisted amusement in his loss of perception. “Hoo, hoo - the Zoo of Death. Don't even think about trying to escape, the restraints can hold down beasts five times your size with eight times your strength. I wouldn’t dream of being rescued, either. The only people who know of this place are myself, The Count and his Highness.” he listed off, as if he was reading the instructions for a medicine instead of condemning him for the remainder of his life.
“And you two will stay for the story right?” Rosie pouted.
“It’s all good news for me, either way… i’ll have lots to do. Be it whatever you all round up tomorrow, a Guildian soldier… or that man you brought back. The pirate, whatever his name is.”
At this, the Prince smirked. “Love? John, may I call you John, Captain?” Captain Watson nodded. “John, I do not claim to be in love with you. To be honest, I hardly knew of you before today. Yet, in my world, marriage isn’t so flowery. I am going to be King someday soon John. I already don’t have nearly as much respect from the people as my father does. I need to marry, and if I am to do so it’s going to be for a purpose then why not someone who represents the people?”
, that part is true. Almost every part of the narrative you were told happened as such, except for the part about my death obviously...”
He was so lost in his thoughts, that he didn’t notice that Prince James and Count Charles had spotted him in passing, watching him from the end of the hall. Prince James, took note of his demeanour instantly. His mind working, processing everything. Count Charles shot him a look, eyebrow cocked curiously. The Prince sighed nonchalantly, “He’s been like that since the Fire Swamp. Must be my father’s failing health that upsets him so…” his voice was clear, not loud enough to count as shouting but enough so anyone nearby could hear.
Peut-être pouvons-nous arriver à un arrangement? - "Maybe we can come to an arrangement?"
“Billy, sir. Billy Wiggins.”
Molly Hooper hadn’t realised her mistake until she looked up to take a sip of her tea. She pretended not to notice; but the room had grown uncomfortably still. Mrs Hudson glanced nervously to the boys as Rosie remained (hopefully) ignorant to it all. John had gripped the comforter tightly, avoiding the gaze of Sherlock; who had pulled his knees up to his chest and was watching John with guilt-ridden eyes.
When Sherlock opened it, he was still in his dinner dress, he looked surprised to see him but not displeased by him. “Farm boy? What are you doing, come in here.” he replied, taking his wrist in his long slender fingers and dragging him into his room. He shut the door carefully, listening at it should someone have heard the noise before turning back to John. “I trust you have a good reason for risking your Job?”.
What she didn’t see was that John was giving Sherlock, whose face was downcast in a near guilt on the opposite end of the bed as him, a sympathetic glance. Legs outstretched so that his feet were by his pillow; John rested his hand on one of his ankles for a reassuring squeeze. He wasn’t entirely sure what he was reassuring, but the detective opposite him stiffened slightly at the sudden contact before relaxing.
Rosie  groggily opened her eyes, stretching slightly as she adjusted to the light. “Aunt Molly? Wh- you were reading…”
Irene watched him reach for his sword, as he was now expecting a duel. Instead she just offered a hand up in defence. “No not yet, sit. Wait until you are ready.”
John feverently patted himself off, checking for any sign of burn on his clothing or body, as Sherlock tossed the cloak onto the ground and stomped the fire into submission. He couldn’t help but look puzzlingly at the man before Sherlock explained between stomps. “There are many ignition sources in the swamp, we don’t want to be caught in an inferno due to an unattended flame.” Once he was satisfied that the signed material was no longer a threat, he turned his crystalline eyes towards John, clasping his upper arms and studying the man over for any sign of injury. “Are you alright?”
“In the amount of time we’d have, about ten.”
It was hard not to think of Adler, who had always loved a good song and whose voice was unquestionably more pleasing then these drunken arses. Yet, he had to admit it was the best he had felt since awaking on the field in Guilder alone. Beggars couldn’t be choosers. A great many of the oafs were losing their bearings now, Lestrade himself was not immune. In fact, he was hard pressed to pass out right there with the lot of them before bleary eyes caught sight of a figure in the distance.
nobody's following us?” She asked uncertainly, her tone conveying that she had commented on this prospect before.
Rosie nodded. “I'm fine.” She spoke in a small voice very much unlike her, biting down on her lip.
“I think we are safe, I didn't see any sign of it. Just a nasty a bite is all. I wish we had kept that cloak of yours now though, it would have been a good makeshift sling.” Sherlock mused.
the real reunion of the two men had been (except for maybe Rosie) nobody needed to relive that again. This was her story; perhaps this was a time she could get away with artistic licensing and tweak the story a little bit more....
? Out of the two of us,
Eyes watched each other for a moment; waiting for one to make the first move.
“You’re kidding!? I don’t understand, there are many famous female pirates that still haunt the seas - why did Roberts pretend to be otherwise?”
“John!?” Sherlock wheezed next to him, he couldn't move just yet but John could hear him wince as he moved over to him. John opened his eyes to find Sherlock Holmes leaning over him, having looked better but very much alive and very much concerned for John.  He didn't know if he wanted to punch him or kiss him. Maybe both. He was overjoyed he was alive, he couldn't wait to kill him. “John, are you okay?! Speak to me.”
“Ah… no. No, sorry. I am your humble servant and I must refuse.” This had to be a joke. The Prince poking fun.
John clenched his fists, his posture straightened to a rigid soldier's stance. “I'm fine.”
The brunette laughed as she bound to her feet, blade flashing and settling dangerously close to Dimmock’s throat. Instinctively, the swarm around her drew their weapons too. Even Moran lost a slight bit of the humour in his eye as his rifle cocked. Dimmock swallowed, The Woman having no desire to back down remained in their stalemate. The Chief looked desperately around him, trying to find a way out when he locked eyes with the largest of the brutes. Standing directly behind the swordswoman, motioning with his eyes to take her out from behind. The giant caught his eye, nodded as he took a step forward. “You haven’t been behaving very nice.” he grunted. The brunette’s eyes going wide at the sound and turning her head to see the man raise his club.
“YES, Sherlock and I will stay for the story.”
John shouted in displeasure as he felt himself hoisted up off the ground and thrown over Lestrade’s shoulder in an graceless manner. Adler shot John a respectful bow of her head before turning back to the cliff to wait for her opponent.
Molly blushed slightly. “Sorry, I forgot.”
I shall be back to normal uploading for the week, but I will be preoccupied between the 15th-19th due to family events happening. So be wary of any delays during this time.
“My people, may I present, Prince Jonathan!”
John blinked, Sherlock's smile vanishing slightly
The Man in Black jumped, turning towards the direction it was thrown from. From behind a formation, Lestrade walked out. Another small boulder in one hand, ready to throw. Within seconds, The Man in Black drew his sword and stood ready to move.
“Do you now, and what is your idea?”
“Then by all means, let us marry I guess.”
Voltre Altesse - "Your Highness."
“Well consider: Here he is, off sailing somewhere with the Dread Pirate Roberts; having had to survive the emotional scars you dealt him. What if he wants now to remain single? Or, worse, what if he has found another?”
Prince James, on the other hand, had been born with a defiant streak. He was born too clever for his own good, so clever that he often resulted in boredom that took on nasty moods. It wasn't until he was 14 years old, under the tutelage of a friend of his father's, Count Charles Augustus Magnussen that he found that conflict was a great stimulant for boredom. The Count trained him in hunting, combat and when he was older, he showed the Prince his experiments. The Count considered himself a scientist of sorts, his topic of study being pain and death. Morbid perhaps, but someone needed to do it and he held the stomach for it. Prince James loved watching his tests, financing their expansion. Eventually, by his 25th year, Prince James and Count Charles had constructed their own lab of sorts. Half Menagerie, half laboratory that they nicknamed in good humour
Roberts opened his mouth to speak but before words could fall, his head turned around. As if hearing something in the distance.
Molly looked a bit guilty.
“Are you mocking me?”
One Sherlock looked a tad offended by. “I am not the criminal here. I was rescuing you - or so I thought. You didn’t seem too overjoyed at the prospect of being freed.”
John willed himself to glance down, his vision blurring from the height initially before focusing on what exactly brought his captors worry. The pursuit ship had docked next to theirs, and a Man in Black had disembarked and had begun
John blinked.
They were toying with each other, testing the waters. Their blades flirting with each other, teasing as they clashed.  A worthy opponent - not something to be wasted. Irene had spent her days in recent years with low life's who couldn't tell which end of the sword was the pointed one. Yet now, she felt her heart speed up. Her attentions demanded in full, she inhaled sharp breaths as the dance continued - but was satisfied to see The Man in Black do the same.
Also you haven't seen the deleted scenes from HIS LAST VOW, then Sherlock and Magnussen's scene might feel strange to you without the context. I recommend checking it out on YouTube. It's all kinds of creepy and unsettling.
“An experiment.”
“I admit,” Sherlock relented, “that I was confused at first by that very notion before Roberts began to explain, and in doing so revealed a second mystery to me. You see, the woman I knew as Roberts wasn’t the original either. So she took me to his cabin, and told me her secret.
All of this remained unknown to Sherlock, who snarled. Teeth bared much like the Rodent in the swamp; not helping his case by looking the role of the enraged kidnapper. “ Ah, but how will you capture us? We know the secrets of the fire swamp. We can live there quite happily for some time, so whenever you feel like dying, feel free to visit.”
He heard a horse, it sounded like the his own, and the slight tear of fabric. A new voice, positively female - French toned but not as strongly as it had been before, called over. “What is it you are doing Hope? We're ready to head off!” She inquired, curious but also judgment tinged.
She cleared her throat; everyone knew by now how
Hope, whom John recognized as the aging man, walked with the spring of a much younger man. No quake or quiver in his step. Proving just how duped Prince John had been. He was a little man, almost seemingly unremarkable except for a look he held in his eye that always seemed to know more than you. Clearly, this was their leader - the one who wanted him dead and was willing to do the honours. Unlike Lestrade, Hope was entirely Grey and thinning. He wore round glasses that aged him further and had a funny look about him.
. Yet the white lingering powder filled in the rest.  “Iocane powder.” he identified, passing the vial to Charles for inspection.
clouding my judgement.” Adler’s voice dripped with honeyed venom towards Hope. Clearly, his comments from earlier had not been forgotten or forgiven so easily.
John looked taken aback by this, he had never considered himself a man of the people. True, he had been well-liked enough in school and adulthood. He got on well with the people around him. He was given the rank of captain and people seemed to respect him enough… but Consort?
Sherlock shrugged. “Should I know what that is?”
“Oh? Why should that make such a-” Lestrade thrashed against a rock again, as the Man winced out, “...differe...nce?”
,” his hand pressed against his brooch, covering it and his heart as he did, “doesn’t happen every day.” Another shared kiss, and the promise of a tomorrow they would share, Sherlock left Musgrave Hall and John was left thinking how he should have said it anyway.
This prompted a reaction from John, his body went tense and he wasn't certain that it was subtle either. A war. These people, his captors, we're trying to start a war and somehow they were going to use him to do it. Yet, if the brute called Lestrade failed to notice then John would have to use this to his advantage - playing dead a bit longer till he could break free.  Maybe learn of information more useful to report back to the Prince.
Then she forced her way through the throng.
Why had he played and tormented John that way?
Mrs Hudson looked between them, not seemingly confused by the by the reaction of the detective. John couldn't understand why she seemed to glance pityingly between them.
“Soberin’ you up.” Lestrade answered simply, the hint of a grin on his cheeks as he did, “Pull yourself together, Adler. I’m going to need you at your best.”
“...Daddy! No swearing!”
Dimmock’s gait became solemn, head lowering humbly at his lord’s words. “I’ll see to it, my Prince. Alas, it won’t be easy however.”
The brute reached into his side pouch, withdrawing a blue strip of fabric hesitantly. “It's a bit warm for it…”
Hope turned harshly, gripping his greedy hands on John’s upper arm. The brooch sparkling in the afternoon sun tauntingly, momentarily drawing John’s eye away from their stalker and onto the token of Sherlock's broken promise. Broken or not; it was all that was left and John wanted it back. Hope definitely noticed, his eyes always watching, had begun smirking. “Lestrade, give me your scarf.”
“You know, one day you have to stop making produce your test dummies.”
The Woman rushed forward, the aging man hobbling slowly after her. “Oh monsieur, merci monsieur! We ‘ave been travelling such a long way. My père, he iz old and weary and we haff found ourselves lost!!” The woman explained, desperation clung to her every word.
“Hmm, as you wish farm boy.”
Sherlock lifted a hand to silence him, “No, it's fine. I don't mind. It's all fine, farm boy.”
. Piracy in this case. He’d always love John, but he would steel himself. God, he didn’t deserve that.
fight against his assailants. Hope had died at his feet, and The Man in Black must have somehow taken down the swordswoman and the brute --- which left only the The Man in Black for his frustrations. John could already imagine the satisfying feeling of smacking that angular jaw that stuck out from under the mask he wore. His wrists bound, but he could still feel his fists tighten in their restraints as he imagined knocking the smirk he had worn right off his face.
John collapsed against the headboard as he registered what was going on.
“Don't what?”
“Yeah, you do. Habit?” John kept his tone casual.
That was the last thing Irene saw before she felt something hit her head and the world went black.
“The Dread Pirate Roberts. That's you, isn't it?” John replied. Not phrasing it as a question; but an accusation and daring the pirate to say otherwise.
“Do I know you, madam?” he asked politely, his face scrunching as she looked familiar. Not in regular way, but in the way one would recognise a face in a dream but upon waking forget them.
The second time Roberts stopped their trek, it was three hours later. John saw it coming, and didn't fall asleep harshly as The Man in Black forced him to sit down again. However he was momentarily surprised when Roberts dropped to his knees in front of him and began untying the binds. “What in God's name are you doing?” John demanded, taken aback by this turn of events before mentally scolding himself for questioning why he was being freed.
“FAITHFULNESS.” Roberts spat, almost shaking in fury too. Perhaps he was tired of the Princes’ sob story, when it was clear he thought very poorly of him. John couldn't stand it. The worst part was that he was forced to see how it all must look. Forced to wonder if there was any truth to the Pirate's detestment of him. Roberts looked like he was about to snap as his voice rose in anger. “Your unwavering faithfulness. So tell me, John? In learning that your love was gone, did you get engaged that same hour or did you wait a week out of respect for the dead!?”
“Rosie? Sweetie?” Molly shook her shoulder gently as Rosie groaned softly. “Come on hun, you need to take your medicine now.”
Rosie shook her head. “He tried once, but I fell asleep.” She admitted, a bit sheepishly. “I don't know Aunt Molly, It might be a bit much to take in right now. That looks like a lot of pages.” Molly looked a tad disappointed, and Rosie realised how ungrateful she sounded. “What I mean is, thank you.”
The Man in Black looked up, voice deep and coated in a french accent of his own. “Bonjour madame, there is not much to complain about.”
John felt Sherlock’s fingers pull on his shirt, threading the pin in and out of the fabric and clasping it. John instinctively placed a hand over top of it, feeling the cool metal over his heart. “It's perfect. Won't get grubby while I work.” The smile that formed on Sherlock's face, reaching his eyes in a way he hadn't seen before, just about did him in. “God, Sherlock I lo-”
“What are you asking her for?!” Hope snapped impatiently. “Besides, whomever they are it's too late. See?” Hope pointed with glee beyond the mast. “The Cliffs of Insanity!”
otherwise, I figured it must have been my
John eventually untangled himself from the seemingly endless limbs of Sherlock, although not entirely out of a desire to - purely out of a necessity to do so. Standing up,
… isn't that a movie? I think my dad has that.” She mused.
“I don’t believe you’ll kill me, your highness.”
“I do no such thing.”
“You… you should.” Lestrade gasped, starting to feel the struggle as The Man in Black choked him. “You know, I haven't fought just one person in such a long time. I'm a bit unprepared.”
“Please, don't say it.” Sherlock's voice almost pleading.
He was thankful that he was behind Lestrade, his face screwing tight fretfully as he felt the man lift them all off the ground and began to scale. The rope serving more as a precaution as Lestrade’s bare hands on the rock did most of the work. John would have been amazed if he wasn't scared of falling to his death. Of all the ways to die, impact was not one he favoured. The climb was silent, ignoring Lestrade’s pants as he occasionally stalled to catch his breath. Hope's incessant smug speech had stopped as well, but as had Adler’s almost friendly disposition.
Perhaps it was the saddened look on Lestrade’s face as he reached the same conclusion John had. Adler was out and the mysterious Man in Black gained.
“Because
as the two spoke. He had to admit, he hadn’t expected this from John
Before accepting Prince James’ proposal, he had no idea how true the Prince's concerns were. John saw the shift in people's eyes as they spoke from the King to the Prince and he couldn't admit that he didn't  see why. Prince James was an odd man. Too busy with his own ploys and studies to be bothered with the day to day duties of running the kingdom. It became apparent early on just how much responsibility would be rested upon his shoulders for the daily requirements to of the Sovereign. Yet, John couldn't say that he found him entirely unpleasant.  There was a strange, almost Sherlockian nature in how he prioritised and thought of the humdrum. It was familiar and comforting; and John could easily see a contented life at the side of the future king. Yet it was that nature which also kept them at arm's length.
“Doesn't matter if I am not, you've been more than fair.”
“How can you be so sure? People sail off and never return every day”
; a game in which she would collapse to the floor at random and only awake until someone gave her a kiss on the cheek or forehead.
The Mountain range made their trek rough, but it was worsened by the unforgiving grip of The Man in Black’s on John’s arm. The prince could feel the ropes that bound him digging into his wrists as the pirate tugged him along. He considered fighting, but the lack of sleep and food (
However, Lestrade would still claim that Hope had only
Things really began to change one winter when John Watson had spotted the young man on the roof of the barn. He had only noticed as he had nearly been a casualty, only missing being impaled by an icicle launched from his grip, aiming for a row of gourds he had nicked from the stores.
It would have been a nice picnic spread, had there not been a dead body sprawled on it. The man, Jefferson Hope. Prince James nudged the man over with his boot, not really wanting to get himself dirty over a man already dead. No blood, no injury.
It wasn't until they were about half way up (or so he hoped they were, John really didn't want to look up and down much to find out for sure) that someone broke the silence. It was Adler and her words brought shock to everyone. “Look, below!” She said, a mixture of wary and impressive admiration in her half accented voice.
“Oh I don't think so.” Sherlock stood in the doorway, looking at the two Watsons’ with an arched eyebrow. “Neither of you are fit to walk, and you can't take a cab or tube because you are contagious. Come now John, aren't you suppose to be a doctor?”
The Man in Black didn't even flinch, he just watched him with an unreadable expression. “Don't I? I could tell your origin by some skin colouring and your hands. Do you really think your
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock Holmes wasn't complying with his subordinates’ request; he was saying
Rosie turned her head back to Molly. “I don't want the story to be over.
“Boo! You had given it once before, yet you had no qualms about breaking that!”
No, this was more than a bit not good indeed.
John didn’t falter for even a second after Sherlock vanished into the white sand. His fingers immediately reached for the dropped sword and hacked at a vine. Tying the loose end securely around his waist, he set the blade down and dove in after Sherlock. He scrunched his face closed, using a hand to cover his nose. He kept his body straight and narrow so he would plummet faster, reaching Sherlock before it was too late. His curls were the first thing he felt. Sherlock wanted to reach for the hand in his hair but narrowing his body would make him fall faster. John forced his arm through the heavy sand until their bodies crashed together. Quickly holding onto Sherlock, giving him a chance to wrap his limbs around John’s neck and waist. John released Sherlock and began the heavy work of hoisting himself back up the vine. The added weight made it hard. He felt his lungs screaming at him, begging him to release the air they held, but John reminded himself that for every ache he felt, Sherlock had already been feeling it for seconds prior. It felt hopeless, that they would die here in the Snow Sand after their short lived reunion. He felt the sand piling in his ears and nose as both arms were making broad swipes upwards before finally breaking through the top.
