They're near enough to touch all day, following each other around like puppies. They hold hands walking from the house to the barn, for godssake. It's a grand total of about ten steps. But Steve isn't complaining and never pulls away, and Tony's still feeling around the edges of this whole 'Steve will start a movement or complete it but never both and the rest is up to Tony' thing, now that he's finally figured out it's there.
to smile but isn't paying enough attention to actually do so. Steve has no idea what he's thinking.
," Steve says, heart beating like a stampede.
Steve doesn't know how to ask what he really wants to know, so he settles for prompting, "And they both wanted to marry you?"
Natasha shakes him. "Steven.
The moment they touch their eyes snap to each other.
. You know how
as he said they were. Rhodey kept reminding me that we'd sworn to be brothers and brothers stick together, and Nebula's father was even worse than Howard (if you can believe it) so she didn't fall for any of it. I wonder what became of her.
"Ezekiel was," Tony says abruptly. "He wanted to marry me."
You likely believe I'm writing to my mother. Five minutes ago you would have been right. I thought I had so much to say to her until I started writing, and now I find there was far less to say than I thought.
"Hey," Tony says quietly, kissing his hair. Steve tries to say something but it comes out as a questioning hum. "I'm going to use the outhouse. I'll be right back." Steve hums again.
fight off an army will make it better?"
That brings Tony up short. He's facing away, but stops his pacing. For a long moment he just stands there, every line of him tense as a bowstring – and then he lets out a breath and sags, like all the air and willpower went out of him at once.
Tony's quiet the whole time. Steve can't break the silence; doesn't know what to say. Wants to comfort him and doesn't know how. Can't stop stealing glances at him and jerking his eyes away in guilt and frustration at himself for witnessing the childlike longing Tony's doing such a poor job of hiding. They reach the house and Steve wants to point out everything that can be changed to whatever Tony would like, or take him for a walk and show him all the things about this place that Steve loves, or point out everything Steve's already told him about so maybe things don't feel so unknown. But Tony doesn't say a word and Steve doesn't know how to start.
Letter tucked into his breast pocket for safekeeping Steve goes into town, posts the letter, runs his errands – buys more paper and envelopes and things so Tony can write his people back home, and none of it is nearly so fine as the stationary Tony usually uses. He's too embarrassed to order anything nicer, though, since he doesn't want to get the wrong thing and doesn't want Darcy to know he doesn’t know what he
As they dance they get closer and closer - Tony moves closer and closer - until their clasped hands are tucked against their bodies and Tony's head is lying on Steve's shoulder, his face turned to Steve's throat. Steve rests his cheek against Tony's hair and closes his eyes.
She puts both her hands on his shoulders and holds him firmly, looking him full in the face, and says: "
Your Tony
Tony's standing there, looking like he's on the verge of shaking out of his own skin, hair wild and hands constantly moving, and he only glances at Steve's face for a moment. "Steve, yes, hi, hello."
Yours,
The next morning – the morning of the wedding; the morning of the day Steve and Tony have agreed to marry – Steve's up before the sun, which is early even for him. When he gets back to the house after seeing to the stock it's roughly the same time as when he first heads out on a normal morning.
"What's wrong?" Steve asks him softly.
fool," Tony whispers. Pulls Steve down and kisses him, ever so gentle and ever so sweet, and between kisses whispers against his lips: "My fool. My alpha. My husband. My -  my love."
Steve's heart – the whole
"I'm going to go grab a blanket," Steve says, quietly so as not to startle him. Tony nods absently, and Steve goes upstairs and closes his door. He takes longer than he needs to gathering up some blankets and debating whether or not he ought to bring the straw tick down as well, and sure enough he hears Tony come upstairs and close his own door. Does he feel guilty for not staying downstairs as well? Is that why he wouldn't leave the lower floor when Steve was down there? Steve sighs and scrubs a hand over his face.
"It's fine, Steve," Tony says, rubbing a hand over his face, and he sounds so weary. "It really is nothing. I'm just being ridiculous."
"Steve," Tony's chanting, "Steve, Steve, Steve -"
"But I'm being silly," Tony insists, "Steve, seriously, I'll get over it, I just need a little time to calm down and get better –" "Sure," Steve says, "if that's what you want. And knowing you're safe will go a long way towards making you feel better, and I can help with that."
"What are you doing?"
realize how smooth and well-spoken and utterly
And yet.
"Good night, Tony," he says. Tony nods, not looking at him.
The omega Steve's now resolutely
They make their way towards the post office, where they left Star and the dogcart. Tony wasn't cowering before, but he is now. He his eyes dart around and don't settle on anything, and he won't stop touching Steve. Not with his hands, but he walks so close it's a miracle their feet don't get tangled.
This whole time Tony hasn't stopped speaking to him softly. "It's all right," he's whispering, "it's all right, it was just a dream, none of it was real, it's all right -"
"Good night," says Steve.
So Tony slides his hands down Steve's arms and then back up again, over he shoulders and collarbones and down his chest. He touches every bit of skin he can reach without putting his hands down Steve's drawers, fingers gliding and palms sliding and hands rubbing and plucking and pressing like he's testing the give of Steve's body, all the time staring wide-eyed.
"Oh," Tony says, and that's all.
-Steve
And Tony's been very open about the fact that he has little hope of bringing any material wealth into his marriage. He hasn't said quite outright, but Steve can tell he's penniless. All the more reason to marry him as soon as possible, Steve had thought when he found that out. More obliquely, Tony's letters showed over and over again that he doesn't think he's good looking, and it seems most people around him don't think so, either. Steve knows he'll think Tony is beautiful no matter what he looks like – because Steve likes him so much, he won't be able to help himself – but it'd be hard to convince Tony of that when Steve hasn't actually seen him. So he's waited all this time to finally meet Tony so Steve can tell him he's beautiful.
"Well that was harrowing," Clint says, and Steve readies to cut him off from asking what's going on. But all Clint says is, "I feel that warrants a drink. M'lady?"
"What?" Steve says. That's why the room looks strange: it's bright with sunlight. He looks at the window and realizes it must be nearly noon.
Steve's eyes snap to Tony's face. He doesn't realize how nervous he is until he finds himself clutching his shirt in his hands, unable to take the final step and toss it away and unable to look at Tony until he hears him make that noise.
"Yes!" Steve nearly hollers. "Yes, sure, I'd - I'd love to, that'd be great, um, it's this way -"
Natasha laughs, but not unkindly. "You're right. That probably won't go over very well. Just... ask him what he expects. Tell him what
Tony waves it off and turns away – then all at once he turns back, darts forward, pulls Steve down by the blanket he's still wrapped in, leans up on his tip-toes and for one moment presses their lips together.
knowing who this person is.
. Tomorrow we're presumably getting married, and then Jarvis is leaving on the train, and then he's got me caught and I'm alone.
"Yes, yes,
looking at is not only beautiful, but is also very well-dressed. More than that, even if he were in rags and tatters it's easy to see just from the way he carries himself and the expression on his face as he looks around the station that he's incredibly wealthy.
to," Tony says, then snaps his mouth shut and ducks his head, clearly embarrassed at blurting that out.
A few more minutes of this and Steve decides that pleasant as everyone is being, and as good a time as Tony was having before, they've probably reached the point of having enough of crowds. Steve gently but firmly extracts them from everyone else, and to his relief no one raises a fuss. They all say goodbye warmly, though, and make Steve and Tony promise to come into town more often.
like Tony before.
. Steve's still smiling and looking a bit dazed when Tony drags another chair beside him and piles his writing supplies on the table. They're sitting right beside each other, close enough that their arms brush and they can lay their heads on each other's shoulders when the fancy takes them, but since they're facing in opposite directions they can't see the other's hands. Steve would have to twist around in his chair to see what Tony's writing, and Tony loves him for it.
Steve knew that Tony had been mistreated. He knew that if Tony had any living family, they weren't close. He knew that Tony was in a tenuous situation. Even if he's avoided putting words around his suspicions, things Tony said in his letters and the way he's acted since he got here have shown Steve the truth whether he wants to think about it or no.
Tony seems to come for ages. Steve's own cock spends itself and stills, hot and sticky against his stomach, flooding Steve with warmth and tingling, and still Tony's mewling and thrusting into Steve's mouth, his cock still pulsing and spurting on Steve's tongue.
Tony breaks away and Steve looks down at him, worried that he's frightened him, but Tony's smiling up at him like the sun rising and only goes far enough to see Steve without going cross-eyed.
either, and that's what's important. They aren't touching but Steve can hear Tony breathing and see his hair and the movement of the blankets as he shuffles awake. Once they're both fed and clean they lock everything up tight and go back into town.
"We're building a forge," Tony tells him. "Won't be able to handle a full-sized train, of course, but it'll have to be big enough to build a train that could carry at least one person. And then we will fly it down to town and laugh in their silly, disbelieving faces."
"All right," Steve says, mind unfurling like he's on a battlefield, ready to just batten down the hatches to withstand a siege, "the barn's already locked up tight. Come with me to get enough wood for the fire for the night, then I'll get the doors and windows down here and you go get the windows upstairs. I'll stay down here tonight –"
(See the end of the chapter for
"If you really don't want to it's not a big deal," Tony says, "but if you wouldn't mind I'd enjoy dancing with you. We can wait for a slow song and stay off to the side, yes?"
I could not care less that some of the lyrics are achronological: in keeping with Big Eden, the song Tony and Steve dance to is Wishes by Lari White.
"I don't – Tasha!" he says, turning away in annoyance and disappointment. "I was being serious! This is –"
The third day Steve doesn't see Tony at all he decides that tomorrow he'll go into town. He hopes the possibility of going into town will tempt Tony out of his room, but no luck. Steve knocks on his door the night before and when Tony doesn't answer (Steve doesn't even try the knob) he says through the door, "I'm going into town tomorrow morning. If you want to come, that'd be – that'd be great. I'll, um, I'll wake you early enough to come. If you don't want to come that's fine, too, of course. Whatever you want."
It's like living inside... I don't know how to say it. There were little places, in the house in New York, that used to feel like
Tony isn't sure why he's still keeping track - keeping score - of what Steve does and does not demand of him, but he notices that Steve doesn't demand sex over the course of the day. They had sex this morning, and even people (well, alphas) who don't take marriage as blanket consent to sex would still take the initiation of sex as that same blanket permission.
Now Tony and Mr Jarvis are looking at him like he's grown a second head.
He starts with the first one Tony wrote him after Steve told him about Bucky – except Steve didn't tell him anything specific, just that his best friend was – well. So Steve reads that letter and then reads it again, and then he goes back to the beginning and re-reads every letter Tony has ever sent him, and without realizing it's happening he drops off to sleep on the floor feeling overwhelmed with guilt for how he wants the Tony of the letters so much more than the Tony in the next room.
They stare at each other for a long time. Try as he might to find an alternate explanation, there's no mistaking the way Tony's holding his eye or the expression on his face.
Steve crosses the room in two quick strides and puts a hand on Tony's shoulder - and as soon as Steve touches him Tony turns towards him, flings himself at him, clutches the letter to his chest with one hand and holds Steve tight with the other and buries his face in Steve's neck.
– what if Tony didn't get off this train because he was already here? What if Steve
Before Steve even wakes he knows he's wrapped around Tony and that he really, really needs to get away without waking Tony up –
"I know," Steve says. "But I'm –" and then he doesn't know how to finish that sentence. I'm what? I'm your husband? That makes it sound like Steve only cares out of a sense of duty and isn't personally invested in Tony himself, which is completely untrue. I'm your alpha? Gods, that's even worse.
Passengers start disembarking – not many; despite its name Big Eden is a small little town – and Steve looks quick as he can from one face to another, desperately searching for the one face he's never seen but knows he'll recognize anyway.
"So was I. And this," jabbing her finger towards his face, "is a huge part of the problem. It didn't occur to you to talk to him, and even when I suggested it you thought it was a joke."
"You're not supposed to agree!" Clint laughs.
him, for godsake - gave him nothing but pain. Tony's had so little happiness before, and it must've been so rare for him to feel
Something pretending to be a smile flits over Mr Jarvis's face. "I'm afraid that's not possible at this time, but I will try."
So one more time Steve makes his body language calm and open and non-threatening. "Tony? We - we have time for this, don't we? We don't have to build the perfect marriage and the perfect home all in one afternoon, right?"
"It's fine," Tony says, apparently taking his silence as a negative answer. "It's not a big deal, I'll just -"
He flops down next to Steve, atop the pillows and covers, and Steve holds out the edge of the blanket to him.
than just asking him."
Tony glances up at him, then pushes at his chest and says, "Get rid of those, Steve."
I realized something when I was re-reading your letters. Before I thought that you and I had written each other about everything, and I thought that I had told you so much about myself and about life here, but I see now I didn't ever tell you what your place here could be. I told you about my day, but never about what yours might be. I told you the things I do for myself, but I never told you what I will do for
Why doesn't he want me, Steve? Why doesn't he want me? You said you wanted to marry me. Me, not just anyone. Those were your
Tony blinks.
me, and here I was looking at someone else. And he couldn't be you, obviously, because he was the exact opposite of what you'd described. But then I couldn't find you at all and I was so worried that something'd happened to you, and then Mister Jarvis found me and brought me over to see you – to see Tony, my – well. Not
"You think – You're acting like you think someone followed us. You kept looking behind us the whole way back, and you're jumpy."
want to hold
Tony sighs and brushes Steve's hair off his forehead. He won't meet Steve's eyes. "I wanted to know if you were going through my things. The first letter, I wrote that the first night here. I was going to burn it. I don't know why I didn't. But I hid it instead, and didn't write anything after that because I thought you'd read it. I wanted to be sure you weren't reading my papers, so I picked something I didn't care about one way or another and wrote an entire page to myself about how much I wanted it. I knew that if you read it you'd try to give it to me, whether you made up an excuse for why you'd thought of it or no."
"All right, come on," Tony says, taking both towels and dropping them into the tub. As Steve steps out of the tub and onto the wonderfully dry floor Tony flings a warm blanket over his shoulders and leads him over to the fire. Steve half-sits and half-falls into the pillows and blankets spread before it and folds his legs in front of himself, fidgeting and tugging blankets and pillows to get comfortable. Tony fetches a pitcher of water, and Steve had honestly thought he'd never want to see water again, but at the sight of it he realizes he is
Steve slams down on that thought before it can go any further, but now he's jittery and aching and feeling guilty, so he needs something to do. It's too early yet to wake the stock, and though he could light a lamp and sketch for a while he knows that'll give him too much time to think and not enough physical activity to burn off the energy zinging beneath his skin.
At this Tony's eyes actually bug out of his head and his mouth drops open, and Mr Jarvis rears back like he's been slapped. Steve flees to do as he said, unsure how to apologize for suggesting they share and unable to bear being in the same room as either of them any longer. If anything, though, his confusion is a hundred times worse a short time later, when Tony and Mr Jarvis bring their bags inside and do, in fact, put them in the same room. Steve's never been so unsure in all his life.
Though he keeps his face downturned, Tony glances up at him and their eyes catch and hold. Steve's breathless. He's never seen eyes the color of Tony's before. He's never seen
Less than a quarter hour before the train is scheduled to arrive a man Steve's never seen comes down the stairs, goes to the counter and pays his bill, then walks out the door. There's no way he saw them; not only are they tucked into a corner, but he didn't even look around.
glad Tony can't see his face right now. He honestly thinks he's either going to punch the floor and break his hand or scream.
, and honestly, like really honestly I don't, I don't, I don't think, I don't know if I'lleverwantyouinmyroom but everything other than that I'd like to at least
"Well, who can you be ridiculous in front of if not me?" Steve asks, remembering something Natasha said during that fateful conversation.
"Yep, yep, no, yep that's true, that is a true statement, yes," Tony babbles.
" Tony says, incredulous.
Thought it physically pains him to move away Steve falls over onto his back and pulls his drawers off. Tony's moving behind him, presumably also taking off his clothes, and Steve gets tangled and has to wrestle his goddamn drawers and the covers at the same time. Tony laughs behind him - giggles, even - and Steve looks at him upside-down and unable to stop smiling.
Finally, though, Mr Jarvis turns to Tony and says, "Well, Anthony? Which would you prefer?"
"All right," Tony whispers back, so Steve puts his right hand on Tony's back and takes Tony's left hand in his own and they run for the door. Tony laughs as everyone pelts them with grain and flowers. It's perfect.
Tony turns away from the conversation just enough to catch Steve's eye and wink.
Why'd he say Jarvis can stay, Steve? Does he just not
There's a vase of wildflowers on the table. The vase was a gift from Natasha, two days ago, when he mentioned giving Tony flowers and said something about putting them in a cup. He'd made himself go for a walk and watch the sun rise this morning, to calm his nerves, and had plucked every lovely flower he saw on his way back. He's not sure if he arranged them correctly, or if despite their individual loveliness he's put them together in such a way that together they look neither lovely nor classy.
"There's no need," Steve says, pulling back so he can see Tony's gorgeous smile and sparkling eyes, cupping his precious face in a gentle hand.
Tony's at the writing desk, tapping the pen against the paper and the desk and his hands and his chin, looking out the window. He's been at it for ages and hasn't written a word.
Unable to face going back to the house yet and unable to admit to himself why that is, Steve tells Natasha about everything over a single glass at Brunnhilde's saloon. After a little while he realizes he's run out of things to say and is just repeating himself, so he makes himself close his mouth, turning his cup around and around in his hands.
Literally bolts. Steve's not sure he's ever seen someone run that fast who wasn't actively being shot at. It's another thing that would be funny if it weren't so sad. Steve reflects that one of the most important things to do to get close to someone is to make sure they know they can always leave if they want to.
She shakes her head. "You don't know where he's been, or what he's been through, or what his life has been like. And he has no idea what life out here is like. He doesn't know what his options are.
They stare at each other for a beat.
A throat clears beside him and Steve nearly jumps out of his skin. Mr Jarvis is glaring at Steve, but when Tony catches Mr Jarvis's eye and grins at him, Mr Jarvis apparently can't help but smile wryly. Not that Steve can blame him; he doesn't think it'd be possible for anyone to see Tony smiling at them and not smile back.
"No," Steve says, kindly but automatic. "Who are you writing to?"
"Yes," says Steve. "Anything you want." A pause. "Um, work towards what, exactly?"
The whole time, Tony's – not
telling you something
At the time, back when Steve still pictured Tony as a destitute young man, Steve thought he meant he'd try his hand at things like learning how to cook dishes that'd be a staple on a farm. But now Steve's realizing that not only did he never actually tell Tony what dishes those
"I don't want to have sex," Tony says. He doesn't realize the words have left his mouth till he hears them, and then he reflexively whirls towards Steve to see how he needs to protect himself from his reaction.
Steve laughs - not because anything's funny, but because he's so happy he can't help himself - and kisses Tony twice on the lips. "I love you. And that's not what I meant. I meant I, um, I kind of already..." Steve trails off, unable to say it in a way that doesn't sound crass. He doesn't want to let anything crass near Tony, especially not when he's like this, soft and warm and sparkling with afterglow and happiness.
Steve, you still haven't told me what I'm to do about laundry. I'm running out of clean clothes, you know. I don't know if it would be worse to ask you or to wait until you notice the smell.
Steve may have existed in a state of constant confusion for the last two days, and he may be more afraid than he's ever been in his life, and he may not be able to tell if he can actually feel the warmth of Tony's hand through his shirt and jacket or if it's just his imagination, but he still walks up the chapel steps feeling ten feet tall.
to kiss
because I was about to meet the man I was already in love with, who had agreed to
It takes a moment for the words to register, but when they do Steve starts towards the tub and then stops when he remembers he's still holding his hats and boots. How is he going to get undressed if he's still holding them.
The train won't come in for a few hours yet, so Steve and Tony decide to camp out and wait. They sit in a corner, and most of Steve's friends come over to talk at one point or another so it's not boring.
And here he is, moments away from finally getting that chance, and ogling someone else. Steve could kick himself.
a day in his life.
But as with all things Steve can't change, he puts his head down, grits his teeth, plants his feet and soldiers on.
So it really doesn't matter what I think of it, you know? But I'm... glad."
Mr Jarvis begins to speak when Steve reaches the stairs, but Steve just walks down them without breaking stride. Star's waiting demurely at the hitching post. Steve puts both carpet bags on the seat of the buggy and says, "If you'll wait just one moment." Then he goes around and secures the trunk to the back.
"Didn't realize how tired I was," Steve mumbles. By the time he's got himself on his feet Tony's put their dishes in the sink and banked the fire.
There isn't enough flat land hereabouts to grow wheat or a great deal of corn, so these I buy or trade for in town. The same goes for sugar, coffee, and salt, and obviously anything that can't be made here, like cloth and paper and anything metal.
So now Tony wants to not have sex, to be with Steve if he has a nightmare, to stay away from Steve when Steve's aroused, to allow Steve to find release, to not be used or touched or looked at when Steve comes, and to actually
talk to him about it, Steve. That's all I can tell you, but – nothing will start to get better unless you speak with him about sex."
Steve says, "Don't you think knowing we
would feel if you were in Tony's place, but Steve, you're not Tony. How Tony's feeling is clearly very different from how you feel."
to show Tony a good time - to give him something that feels so,
Now Steve's at the table working his way through the mending. It's easy enough but still taking longer than usual; Steve's been neglecting it lately and the number of things to mend is greater than normal.
The house is so beautiful, Steve, I wish you could see it. I wish I could
"No bed?" Tony asks.
"Neither of them," Tony says. "I didn't – I just wanted it to be over. Just wanted to get
You're the only one
you understand. It's better to ask questions for clarification so he knows you're really trying to understand, rather than him thinking you do understand are simply ignoring him when you don't do as he asks."
(See the end of the chapter for
looks Steve up and down once, quick, with lightning-sharp eyes, before again looking demurely down. Softly he says, "Hello, Steve."
They wrote to each other for near to a year before Steve asked Tony to marry him. Their letters had been relatively short at first, before they got to know each other, but by the time Steve asked and Tony said yes they were regularly writing pages and pages to each other. They'd written about everything under the sun – or so Steve had thought. He's realizing, now, that when it came to what their life together would be like, neither of them ever went into specifics. Steve told Tony about the farm and the town and the mountain in general, and the sort of things Steve does, but he didn't say much about what
Tony's sprawled out, relaxed, and his chest is heaving and his hair is tousled and his cheeks are pink and his eyes are sparkling and he's smiling at Steve and Steve says, "I'm in love with you."
"Why do I want to write her?" Tony says, pensive. "She was miserable, and instead of trying to save or even just shield her only child from that, she turned around and tried to put me in exactly the same situation. She knew that I would be miserable, too, and that I'd be - I'd get hurt, and she didn't care. Why do I want to tell her that instead of that I'm married to a good man and I'm all right? Why do I worry that she's worried about me? I know she's not."
"You want to?" Steve asks. He doesn't want to give Tony the opportunity to leave. He doesn't want Tony to feel the least bit forced to make this decision. He can't really change a lot of it, but he can make damn sure none of the pressure comes from him.
"Yeah."
sex so Tony
all right. He quashes the thought that even if he writes them now it'll still take weeks if not months for them to actually receive the information. There's no use thinking about things he can't change.
"At the same time every day?"
They pull up in front of the house, and Steve immediately jumps down to tie Star to the hitching-post. Usually she's his number one priority, and getting her fed and watered and comfortable
A moment later Mr Jarvis says again, "See that you do."
"We can just –" Steve starts.
. All right? Don't pressure him for information he doesn't want to give, but if he
- And
make a bit of a show of his biceps. Then he says to Mr Jarvis, "It's not so bad. And we're not going very far. If you'll both follow me, please."
They sit in silence until the stars come out. Steve tries desperately not to stare too boldly at Tony's face. He's so beautiful.
I love you, Steve. I'm so in love with you. I want to be with you when you're hurting, but I'd rather you not hurt in the first place. Please tell me, Steve. I promise I'll only love you more.
...Well. No. Not
not of the kitten or the puppy, because it's impossible for either of them to be
"Ezekiel?" Steve repeats automatically, then shakes his head. "Doesn't matter. You saw someone in town who might – who might want to hurt you?"
"Did you actually want something?" Steve crosses his arms, though he knows his face is still flaming red.
The closer they get to the house, the more Steve realizes it's not going to go the way he thought. He's daydreamed, so many times, of bringing Tony
"I can get the straw tick for you," Steve begins when Tony reappears, carrying a few more blankets and a pillow, but Tony shakes his head.
All of which is beside the point. No matter how it is Steve can get off, Tony's preventing him from doing so.
"Mmph?" Tony says blearily, shuffling towards Steve a little.
Damn. At least it seems like Tony's not awake yet; Steve doesn't want him to wake with Steve's hands all over him. Cautiously, he raises his arm from Tony's waist and lifts the covers off himself, then tucks them around Tony so there won't be a cold draft when Steve rises. Slowly, he tries to get up without jostling the bed.
While Steve's just finishing the cleaning up, Mr Jarvis says he's going to do some reading. He fetches a book from upstairs and settles himself in one of the chairs by the fire.
decide."
Steve holds her eye for a moment, then drops his eyes and mutters into his drink, "I still think I'd sound foolish."
They've had sex. Tony's reached out to him multiple times. Tony's kissed him. Tony appears to love him -
"What? No." Tony frowns but stays where he is.
Natasha laughs again, even more genuinely. "Honestly? That wouldn't be a bad start, Steve."
"You must be Tony," she says loudly, tipping her head back a bit, and there's a clatter from somewhere in the back room. She laughs and comes around the counter, holding out her hand. "I'm Jane. Welcome to Big Eden. We're all so excited to meet you."
By the time Tony's done drying his hair the toast is the perfect color, and before Steve can even reach for it Tony plucks all three pieces off the toasting rods and drops them on a plate that's already got sliced cheese on it, which he then hands to Steve.
"We don't have to," Steve says, and means it with all his heart. "We don't ever have to."
Steve tries to undress himself but his fingers feel stiff and frozen and swollen, and he thinks his hands might be shaking. The tub is bigger than most out here, actually big enough for Steve to stretch out his legs when he's sitting down, so there's room to let his sopping wet clothes fall without leaving them strewn at Steve's clumsy feet.
For a long moment Tony doesn't move at all, then all at once he seems to realize Steve's telling the truth. "Oh," he says, looking away, but Steve can see the slight blush on his cheeks, the slight smile on his lips, and Steve's heart flips in his chest.
Tony's staring at him wide-eyed.
, Tony, so whatever you ask me to do I'll do.
, because that is the
"I can imagine," Tony says. "What did you have to do out there?"
. Did Tony chose one of them and lose him somehow? But that can't be right, because if he'd chosen Ezekiel he wouldn't be afraid of one of Ezekiel's men finding him, so perhaps he chose Tiberius? Oh gods, is Tiberius even still alive? What happened?
Most times Steve likes to draw landscapes. He's drawn the view from the porch more times than he can count, but only because every time he looks it's just a little bit different. A few times - the few times he managed to work up the courage - he carefully folded sketches of the view or the woods or the town or the mountain into the letters he sent to Tony. If Tony recognizes that what he's looking at is something Steve drew for him many a time he doesn't say, and Steve can't find the words to point it out to him without sounding like he's fishing for compliments. Not that Tony would be able to see the similarities anyway, it's so dark. Steve picks up his whittling instead.
Tony, the one I'd been talking to for so long, who made me feel – Not quite so alone, and more alone than ever. My heart's beating like a stampede and I can't see anything in the shadows and then there he was. There you were. The beautiful man from before."
I'm still confused about what you want from me. I know you wrote me that wonderful letter, and believe me when I say I know every word of it (I might read it every night), but I'm still unsure. And I don't care anymore what exactly it is you want from me because I'm afraid - I'm not afraid of you anymore, Steve. I know that whatever it is you want isn't more than I can give. But I need to know what you want because I want to give it to you.
And yes, there was a lot of detail in their letters. Steve knows some of Tony's favorite musical pieces so well it's as though Steve's been to the concerts himself. Tony could probably pick out Steve's favorite art supplies without thinking twice, Steve spent that long rambling on about the differences between this and that sort of paper or charcoal. But details about how much space Tony would have for his clothes, or whether Tony prefers cow's or goat's milk, or laundry? Not a single thing.
So when Steve gets home today – when he finally gets out of this miserable,
"And it's not like it was all bad, right? You had Mister Jarvis and Missus Ana."
be like?
Days when I'm home I take care of the animals in the morning and evening, and most of the rest of my day is spent either preparing food or mending clothes and tools. The rest of my time is spent drawing, sometimes reading, and often visiting.
, in a strange new place where he didn't know anyone, and Steve left him here
"So, what," he says, "I should give him a list of things I
There are a lot of things I want to tell you. I don't know how to tell you any of them. I hope that these letters are at least a start. I haven't kept any of them back, even though I never intended to give you all of them and there are some I wish I didn't need to - but I want you to read all of them, Steve. I want you to know.
"You didn't die, Steve," Tony says against his temple, one of his hands slowly stroking Steve's hair. "You're alive, it's all over now, you're here, you're all right, I'm here, I'm here," on and on through the dark of the night.
This isn't a ploy, either. I'm not showing you some of my secrets because I want you to return the favor. This isn't a trade, all right? Yes, I do want you to understand that if you chose to tell me what happened I'll listen with love and go right on loving you, because I know that's what you'll do when you read these secrets of mine, but I hope that just
a list of exactly what he does and does not need or want from you?"
"No, I mean you weren't - you weren't, um, inside? Me?" Tony's laughing, too, shaking his head, but his voice goes up at the end like it's a question.
"Could you give me a hand putting this away?" Steve says before they even come to a stop in front of the house. "The dogcart's light but it's awkward trying to get it into the barn by myself."
Steve sucks him again and again, and the flood of warmth and taste down Steve's throat combined with the lost, almost pained sounds Tony's sobbing out make Steve feel so good that it takes a moment for him to realize he's coming, too, humping the bed like mad and pulsing on the sheets.
Mr Jarvis gives Tony an exasperated look and Tony grins mischievously at him and Steve's heart just about falls out of his chest at the sight of it.
Steve, but
It's quiet for a little while. Steve still doesn't know what to say, and isn't sure he'd say anything even if he did. He can't see Tony, but he gets the feeling that Tony's gathering himself to say something else.
"Steven," she says, not giving an inch. "A great many people think the only thing separating a marriage from any other kind of relationship is sex. I promise you're both already thinking about it. You
Tony stands, and Steve says, "Are you turning in, too?"
Steve looks at him for a moment, like he's waiting for Tony to say something else, and then he continues folding his clothes. "All right, Tony. Anything you want. I said we never have to have sex again if you don't want to, and I meant it."
Mr Rogers, thank you for your letter. I appreciate you taking the time to write all of this out for me. It will be helpful, and I will begin trying to learn how to do my part immediately. You wanted a partner, Steve, and that's what I can be.
I know what's going to happen to me once we're wed. It's unavoidable. I thought that the fact he's so handsome might make it better, but sitting here on the bed I can't help but think that being stabbed with a knife doesn't hurt less if the knife is pretty. Even if he doesn't go out of his way to hurt me, it's not like he'll be able to help it. Maybe he'll be kind, though, and make it quick.
like it and I'm sorry. I wish there was a way to show you that you
"Hm," Mr Jarvis says. "See that you do."
True to his word Steve does bed down by the fire. By the time he's sure the house is completely secure and the rifle is ready and loaded, the sun has set. Tony'll be going up to bed at any moment. They had a quick supper a little while ago, but Steve didn't have much stomach for food and Tony only picked at his.
Throat closing, Steve manages to say, "All yours."
Steve tells him all about it as they munch their way through those three pieces of toast, and then four more. For fear of overthinking things and getting tongue-tied, Steve doesn't let himself think about the fact that everything he's saying is exactly what he would've written Tony if Tony wasn't here, and this is the first time it's like the Tony of the letters is sitting right beside him. Steve's giddy with getting to hear Tony's answers as soon as he speaks.
It rained yesterday, too – normal rain, though, the sort people think of when they say 'rain' – and then the heavy rains started last night, and it's been a downpour that hasn't let up ever since. The river swole up and though Steve and Tony's house is perfectly safe (the river passes below the house and down a steep incline, so even when it floods it doesn't get much closer to them) not everyone else is. Clint's sheriff this year but there's far too much to do for just one person, so Steve's been riding around with him and Natasha and Thor all day, doing what they can.
When he follows Tony's gasps and the line of his thighs back into the cradle of his hips, he finds this position is even better than he thought it would be: Tony's calves and feet rest on Steve's back, grounding him, and his thighs embrace Steve's head and neck and shoulders, keeping him close and his every sense saturated in Tony, and when Steve winds his arms around Tony, pressing his hands to his heaving chest and stomach, his arms are filled with Tony, too - he's got Tony wrapped safe in his arms
There's food and drink and good conversation, and the bonfire is huge and wonderful in the fading autumn evening. Someone said something about dancing later, but Steve doesn't really dance so he doesn't really care.
"Thank you, Clint," Steve says sincerely, trying not to slump over in relief so far he falls out of his chair.
"Oh no," Steve groans. "I've got to go feed -"
love him. Steve's had Tony's cock in his mouth and his tongue in Tony's lovely ass. So far as Steve can tell, Tony
"Steve! Gods, I was half an hour away from going out to find you myself! I was convinced you were drowned in a ditch somewhere."
hugging me."
In the grey dawn Tony manages to coax Steve back into bed, wrapping him up tight. Steve lets Tony move them where he wants, and they end up on their sides, facing one another, Tony's shins pressed to the top of Steve's thighs and Steve's face tucked into the hollow of Tony's throat, his hands holding onto Tony's waist and Tony's hands in his hair.
Again the looks they train on him are odd and harsh. Steve would give up on understanding what on earth he's done wrong were it not for how important Tony is.
"And I was so nervous waiting in the train station," Steve continues.
, exactly, because he meets people's eyes and doesn't cower, it's just that – he doesn't speak much until Steve's introduced him to someone and they've exchanged a few words. But the moment someone speaks to Tony directly, Tony smiles back and speaks to them.
I just got that."
that, Steve," she says. "And more to the point, neither does
some tiny helpless thing to be spoiled and coddled. But you certainly wouldn't let a kitten make its own decisions about what to do with its life, would you, Steve? You wouldn't let a puppy play with fire or go out by itself at night, right? That'd be irresponsible. But it would be irresponsible of
Steve chokes on a laugh. "Of course I do. I'm just more worried about crushing your toes."
Smiling fit to split his face, Steve buries his face in Tony's shoulder and kisses his neck. "Come on, Steve, Steve, Steve," Tony's saying, pushing at Steve's hips, presumably so he can get his hands under him.
, Tony, not just anyone.
Steve settles back down, though he doesn't press his face to Tony's hip again, and just basks. Today is already a good day.
Jane smiles indulgently and lets Darcy rush past her to shake Tony's hand, before following more sedately herself. Tony smiles and shakes their hands and just laughs quietly when Darcy asks a hundred questions too quickly for him to answer any of them.
he gets back to the house. He gets Star fed and settled. Clomps wearily up the steps onto the porch. Sighs in relief at no longer being under the rain. There's light leaking from the edges of the curtains and around the door – Tony left the fire burning for him. He takes off his hat and tips the water off the brim. Reaches for the door, thinks again, takes off his boots and tips the water out of those, too. Holds his hat and his boots in one hand, because he does have to take them inside to dry by the fire or he'll have to get new ones, and opens the door.
I'm so happy to be away from it! I hated it! What's wrong with me?"
The biggest problem is that the bridge just outside town washed out. Sam, being the blacksmith, has been there since before what would have been sunup if the sun could be seen. Now he's got everything ready, and the five of them work together to get the makeshift bridge in place. Frigga's with them, helping as she can, and Steve knows she'll be the first one over the bridge once it's up, racing off to the few homes that can't be got to without crossing the river with her doctor's bag to help anyone who's been hurt.
The music slides into a faster song, and their little bubble is broken. Steve forgot there were other people around them; forgot where they were and what was going on in the first place. They both look around and then lean into each other, laughing quietly, at how startled they were.
"Right yes thanks for that I appreciate it bye!" And Tony bolts.
Steve leans sideways and whispers to him, "We should make a run for it. It's tradition."
Steve rubs the back of his suddenly-hot neck self-consciously, but Tony just laughs.
comes before doing the same for himself, but, well. There's nothing in all the world that's more important to him than Tony, and if he's honest he wants to see Tony's first reaction when he goes inside, if only so he can see the worst of it and be prepared for whatever might happen later.
- from how quickly they can eat an apple to how fast they can run from one edge of the yard to the other to how high they can climb the huge, spreading oak behind the house and to few other things that Steve can't keep track of.
Now he raises his head and glares at her. "That is no kind of help."
"Take me
Steve keeps a stub of candle by his bed, the end of any candle too short for a holder but too long to justify throwing away, which is what he likes when he wakes from nightmares and literally cannot stand the dark. Once or twice he's written Tony by its light, but more often than not his habit over the last year has become to light it, tumble out of bed, and read sheaves of Tony's letters over again. And now he's acting like he just woke from a nightmare even though he
Tony searches Steve's face. After a moment, voice filled with trepidation, he says, "All right, Steve."
I didn't want to tell you before why I advertised, because I was worried it would make you feel obligated to do things you don't want to do. I can't bear the thought of you speaking with me only because you think it's the price for the roof over your head. That's not how it is at all, Tony. I'm not sure why you find it so difficult to believe me, and I'm not sure why I find it so difficult to explain, but I swear to you before all the gods that all I want is for you to be happy.
Nothing on his usual route has changed enough to throw him off, though, so he keeps at it and is nearly back to the house when the sky's light enough to be called dawn. There's a river - narrow but deep - downhill from the cabin, and Steve ends his run there, stripping down and jumping in. The shock of the cold water is breathtaking, is enough to make him think for a moment that he's died, and yet when he breaks the surface the air feels colder still.
"There are different kinds, Steve," Tony continues quietly. He hasn't stopped gently petting Steve's hair, and it's the best thing Steve feels right now. "My uncle Obie - Zeke's father - I liked him so much for so long. I used to wish he was my father instead of Howard. He used to give me all kinds of things when I was growing up, and he was always nice to me and listened to whatever I had to say, unlike my own father. But...
give him some sort of list like that. Because what does Steve know of wealthy cityfolk and their ways? How is he to know what Tony thinks a marriage is supposed to be like; how is he to know what Tony thinks being a good husband means? All Steve wants is to be a good husband to Tony, but how
"He cause any trouble?" Steve asks, watching Tony standing straight and rigid from the corner of his eye.
sweet," Tony says, and draws his head down to kiss him again.
they're trying. They're working towards something now.
sweet, and then he pulls back without seeming to think of it and looks down. So Steve pushes himself up on his arms and holds himself there. Tony hesitates, catching his eye, and Steve nods.
Somewhere in all the confusing if also desperately arousing imagining - along with the heightened awareness of Steve from how closely Tony's scrutinizing him, on the lookout for the least sign of a nightmare - Tony realizes he can't finish the fantasy. He can't imagine what it would look like to watch Steve come, since Tony's never seen it.
Tony's pressed into the bed too much, though, and Steve can't get at enough of him from this angle. With a glance at Tony's face for permission Steve scoops up his trembling thighs and pulls them over his shoulders, then gets distracted nibbling and sucking at the smooth skin beneath sparse hair on Tony's inner thighs.
They dance, and Steve loses track of time - loses track of everything that's not the reality of Tony in his arms, warm and solid pressed against him, lightning-quick and beautiful smiling up at him, the way Steve feels strangely shivery and shaky.
Tony got up just after dawn and did Steve's chores. He's been reading in bed so he could stay with Steve and Steve could sleep.
"I do," says Steve. "I have for ages."
Steve does and it works, and he smiles at Tony, proud of himself, and Tony smiles back. He moves his hand just enough to touch his fingers to Steve's neck, and Steve wants so badly to pull him closer, but he won't let himself.
to you here,
I can't bring myself to write the words. I've tried, and I can't. The most I can say is this:
"You do not have to go to all this trouble!"
nervous, Tony, gods. I was looking for you everywhere and I saw – I saw someone else. Tony. He was absolutely the most beautiful person I had ever, ever seen in all my life. But he was richly dressed, and so obviously wealthy, and I just, oh gods. I felt so
Thank you for your letter. I find myself
Tony stops his headlong rush two paces from Steve, and Steve is still so deeply shocked he doesn't register that he's a bit disappointed. Tony eyes him up and down for a moment, hand rubbing his chin and head tipped to the side, before he nods to himself and gestures to something beside Steve. He glances where Tony is looking and sees the bathtub next to the door.
Steve's got the proof of it right in his hands, and tries not to cry too loudly though he can't remember why he needs to be quiet.
"That's ridiculous –" Steve begins hotly, and Tony laughs. It's bright and warm and genuine, and Steve relaxes for the first time since they got to town that morning.
He startles and turns to find the middle-aged beta looking at him pointedly. "Yes?" says Steve. "How can I help you?" He almost bites off his tongue not asking if Tony is all right, because he doesn't know any other reason why someone with such a fancy accent would be speaking to him. But Steve has always been cautious of other people's safety, and he's not going to blurt out anything about his omega without at
He's overwhelmed, nearly drunk on Tony, and though the thought can't rise high enough in his head to be clear, Steve thinks in a wordless flutter of Tony's fears, and how even more than making him feel good Steve wants to show him that feeling good can be
Dear Steve,
"Moving the table," Steve says.
"Oh god, Tony, please," Steve begs, gathering Tony close again and pressing words and pleas into his skin and hair, "please, please, please -"
As expected, Tony's nowhere to be found when Steve goes inside, and for the first time since Tony started hiding in his room Steve's glad and hopes he stays in there just a bit longer. He's about to run up to his room and lock himself in too when he realizes that no, he wants this to be exactly like any other time he ever wrote Tony, and aside from those few letters he wrote right after a nightmare he always wrote Tony at the kitchen table, so that's where he sits to write now.
"Thank you, Tony," Steve says quietly.
I hope now you truly understand: you don't have to do anything. You don't ever have to come out of your room again, you never have to speak to me for the rest of your life if you don't want to. The fact of your existence is all it takes to make me care about you. So long as you're here I get to work for you and take care of you, and that makes my life more full and rich than I ever could have dreamed.
It's a good thing that's the last one, because Steve can barely get through it before his vision finally gets too blurry to see through. He covers his eyes with his hand, breathing hard, trying to get ahold of himself. He doesn't know what he's thinking, or what he's feeling. All he knows is he wants Tony and wants him right now.
from it. From them, from everyone, from the city and the prying and the constraint and my – Well. I wanted out. So I started responding to advertisements."
Hardly realizing what he's doing, Steve pulls his hat from his head and holds it awkwardly in both hands in front of his gut like a shield. The beautiful – Ton – Anth – Steve's om –
Tony shrugs and picks up his book again. "What are husbands for?"
"What?" Steve says, then sighs. "What's the worst that's going to happen? Look, we'll have one night locked down tight, and I'll bed down in front of the fire and keep watch, and you can sleep snug and cozy in your room, and it'll be fine. Then tomorrow we can go into town – or you can stay here, but honestly I don't want to be away from you right now – and we'll ask around about any non-locals who've been here lately. It'll be all right, Tony."
"The train," Steve says. "You got quite a little while after the train came in."
him to do anything.
Steve, beloved,
So Steve does, of course he does, and then again. Tony hums. "Well, I have to say that your advertisement was an abject failure. You wanted someone to feed the chickens while you're away, and Steve, the next time you go on a trapping trip I'm going with you."
They walk upstairs, Tony behind Steve, and Steve still wants to do something for Tony but already feels so vulnerable he can barely move, so all he does is turn at the top of the stairs and say, "If you need extra blankets or anything there's some in the chest downstairs. I get up at about sunrise every day, but you can get up whenever you like. I'll leave you some breakfast."
The bottom corner is torn off. I'm afraid, Steve thinks.
Steve kisses him full on the mouth, one quick catch of lips like he's saying goodbye and doesn't want to go, and sits back on his knees and pulls his shirt off before he can overthink it.
It's nearly dawn by the time Tony falls into an exhausted, frustrated sleep.
Barely a second later the musicians fade into a slower song, Frigga singing in a sweet clear voice about wishing for someone, and they both rise. Everyone on the dance floor has also paired off - friends and sweethearts alike - still talking and laughing. Steve's about to go towards them and stand on the edges like Tony said, but Tony turns to him and steps closer right where they are.
"Still," Tony says. "It's hard, knowing that all the times I thought we were happy they really weren't."
"My advertisement was a smashing success," Steve says, tipping Tony's chin up to catch his eye. "I was lonely and I just wanted someone else about the place, and instead because of it you found me."
Tony laughs and kisses his chest, and even through Steve's nightshit his lips feel wonderful.
"No," Tony interrupts him, which might be a first. "No, we're here now, people have already seen us, and we're nearly out of flour. There's no point going all the way home empty-handed and coming all the way back another day. We'll go everywhere you said."
Eyes still closed and smiling so hard his face hurts Steve says simply, "Basking."
"It's over now," Tony tells him.
"All right, all right," Steve says, not really knowing what he means, just wanting to get his mouth on every bit of Tony and losing all finesse while he tries to do just that. He kisses along Tony's cheek, his jaw, his neck, turns and follows the soft skin from the inside of Tony's elbow down his arm and collarbone and to the hollow of his throat. The whole time Steve's saying, "Please, please, please," and Tony's saying, "Yes, yes, yes -"
But Steve can fix it now. He knows what to do. The answer's so obvious he feels a fool for not thinking of it sooner, but he's so elated he doesn't even mind.
"H-Hello, Tony," Steve manages, still wiping his eyes.
Steve,
"You have to get used to it," Steve says, thinking that now he can walk through the woods in the dark and not run into anything or trip. "Even if you're somewhere you want to be, at first it's still overwhelming."
Steve's already in motion, moving the chairs away from the table so he can move it out of the way against the wall. "Give me a hand with this, will you?"
Usually Steve is able to make himself concentrate on the present. Tony's here now, no one is hurting him, no one is controlling him, Steve is trying his hardest to give Tony happiness, and even if Steve messes up or Tony just doesn't want to stay with him there are still at least a dozen people who'd do anything for him. But for one moment, as Tony fists his hands in Steve's hair and brings their mouths together again, everything else in Steve's head is swept aside by the image of Tony in the midst of people who wanted to hurt him, with only Jarvis and Ana trapped on the sidelines to tell him it shouldn't be happening while his own parents - while not one but two men who wanted to
...Until he remembers that Tony's right upstairs. Christ, he's such a fool. He picks up the letter and sees it's addressed to Mr Jarvis, and
"Steve," Tony whispers when the sobs have stopped and the dampness is nearly dry, taking Steve's hot face in his cool hands, "will you look at me, please?"
This is a bit embarrassing, but I'm also going to try to sell some woodcarvings. I'll work on them over the winter and see if I can sell them back east come spring. I'm not sure I'll be any good at it, though
of bad, certainly.
"Mister Jarvis
Your Tony
That's what I mean when I say that you don't have to do anything. I can keep us fed and housed and clothed. You don't have to do anything. You don't have to worry about anything. I'll take care of everything. –
The moment is broken by Steve's stomach gurgling loudly, and Tony laughs. It's breathy and nervous but still a laugh, and Steve could float right off the ground.
He's knocked from his contemplation of Tony's flushed face and the feel of his hands in Steve's by whooping and hollering. He turns and sees most of his friends must've arrived while he wasn't paying attention. Frigga's in the front row, and surprisingly Loki is at her side. Mr Jarvis is at the other end of the same pew, of course. Scattered through the rest of the pews are Natasha, Bruce, Clint, Jane, Darcy, Sam, Maria, Brunnhilde, and half the rest of the town.
"That's Clint," Steve says. "Clint Barton. Owns the piece of land borders ours to the east. He's a good sort; plans most of the parties and get-togethers hereabout. He'll be eager to meet you once you're settled in, Tony."
It's really not a terribly interesting tree, but it is funny how some of the knots and broken branches on the trunk look like a smirking old man with bushy eyebrows and but one eye. From there Steve takes him down to the river, and then through the trees to the bigger field where most of their crops are grown (like Steve told Tony in his letter, there isn't much flat land hereabouts, and there wasn't room near the house to grow enough crops, and this is the next flat place), and to the bramble patch. They eat blackberries and raspberries and the color stains Tony's fingers and lips and Steve does his best not to stare. They didn't bring anything they could carry any berries back in, and before Steve can do something foolish Tony says he'll come back tomorrow with a basket. Then he snaps his mouth shut and he and Steve both look away, like neither of them was sure before that Tony'd be here come morning.
"Thank you," Steve says and hopes he doesn't sound like he's choking. His stomach makes a break for it but can't decide if it wants to crawl out his fool body by way of his throat or his boots. Mr Jarvis turns and leads Steve over to the patch of shade on the other side of the platform and Steve's fit to vibrate out of his own skin, he's that nervous. "Anthony," Mr Jarvis says as they approach the line between harsh sunlight and deep shadow, "I've found Mister Rogers."
as bad, but the same
Mr Jarvis can't help but smile, and Steve can't help but stare. Tony is – Tony is
Mr Rogers,
at him, looking so surprised it's like he thinks Steve just told him he's secretly a centaur or something, and Steve wants to gather him up in his arms and also maybe shake him and ask him what the hell's going on.
Scribbled in the margins, in big spikey letters written in different ink, it says, Why'd you have to go and be handsome, Steve?
brings Steve up short. Because now that Natasha says that – Yes. Oh, but that sounds
Steve just pulls him closer and kisses his hair. "Whatever you want," he says again. "Anything you want."
what he's thinking!" Steve spreads his hands helplessly. "That's the problem! I can't figure out what's going on in that head of his, so I can't figure out how to make him –" and then he cuts himself off, because, well. Natasha knows he married Tony, so clearly Steve's at least a tiny bit fond of him. But he doesn't know how to say he wants Tony to be the happiest man alive. Certainly doesn't know how to say that in the middle of a bar in the middle of the day to someone like Natasha without sounding ridiculous.
Steve lets out a shuddering breath, body hot and flushed like he's run a mile, so eager to make every inch of Tony's skin feel shivery and good that he almost can't contain himself. "Gonna make you feel so good," Steve promises. "God,
Tony nods, then nods again and looks at the bed. He still looks apprehensive and he doesn't make a move towards it. Steve had intended to let him get in first, in keeping with his resolve to not initiate any contact between them, but then he gets the flash of an image, what it would look like from Tony's perspective to have an alpha so much bigger than him looming over him and climbing into bed beside him, and Steve practically dives beneath the covers before Tony can move.
Tony just
"Oh Tony," Steve breathes, sick to his stomach.
On and on and on like this for the rest of the page, and then down to the very edge of the other side of the page, too.
They're married. They live in the same house; eat at the same table and sleep beneath the same roof. They tend the same animals and harvest vegetables and fruit from the same fields. Walk through the same woods and ride in the same cart into the same town. They've talked about it and they've agreed that they want to work towards a real marriage. They're both here, and they're both staying, and they're both trying, and yet Steve still has to close his eyes and clench his hands against a wave of longing. Tony's frightened of something and Steve doesn't want to do a single thing to try Tony's tentative trust in him; would die before doing anything that would justify distrust.
anything, I just thought –" He cuts himself off again and looks at Steve, shrugging helplessly.
even though Steve can't for the life of him figure out
"Well, let's see," says Steve.
They burst out the front doors and everyone else thunders after them. Somehow Mr Jarvis manages to be right behind them, so he's standing beside them when everyone rushes up to offer congratulations. Steve pulls everyone else away far enough for Tony and Mr Jarvis to be able to say whatever it is they need to say in peace.
There are no letters or telegrams for either of them, and Tony doesn't hide his disappointment so well as he thinks he does. For his part, Steve is happy that he's
By the time Steve turns his face homeward it's well past what would have been sunset if the sun still exists out there, pitch-black and still pouring. He wants to get home as soon as possible, but of course the journey is going to take at least twice as long as normal if Steve doesn't want to risk breaking one of Star's legs or his own fool neck. At least he knows Tony will have left the fire burning, and
"I know," Tony says. "Jarvis and Ana are some of the bravest people I know."
Feeling foolish, five minutes later and fully dry and combed and dressed, he cautiously pokes his head out of his room again. Tony's door is closed, and Steve can't hear him moving anywhere in the house.
The next day Steve's just finished replacing two boards on the barn that've begun to rot when he hears a soft noise behind him. It shouldn't startle him like a gunshot but it does, and suddenly taut as a bowstring he whirls around.
want to hurt him but realizes that he accidentally might, so he lets go and then the letters are gone, too.
Steve doesn't know what else to say. That was all he's got. He starts half a dozen sentences but can't get any of them out, and Tony looks at him helplessly, and it'd be funny if it weren't so pitiful.
"No," she says. "You don't."
Once Clint is behind them, Steve decides he won't get much of a better chance to see if Tony and Mr Jarvis are silent because they wish to be, or because they have nothing to say.
with it. He speaks with everyone, drawing smiles and laughter out of even the most reserved. People call out to him and he shouts back from across the clearing; he draws the eye of every person at once by acting out some ridiculous story that would make anyone else look foolish but that he makes look charming; he gets in playful but loud arguments with Sam, Jane, and Bruce about everything from (as far as Steve can tell) metallurgy to astronomy to whether or not it's possible to make a train that flies. If Steve thought they were all half in love with him before, well. Well.
Most of our monetary income comes from pelts and furs. There are a few of us in town who hunt and trap, and we do a good job of not over-hunting anywhere. Unfortunately that means that sometimes I have to be away from home for days or even weeks at a time, since I have to go so far away. I'm sorry.
It takes a long time and a lot of effort, but Steve overcomes both the fear that he'll open his eyes and it'll still be pitch black and his own weariness and cracks his puffy eyelids. Tony's right there, right in front of him, and Steve can't figure out the expression on his face but it looks sad, for some reason.
"And if," Mr Jarvis says, "we go to the chapel now, will the offer to accommodate me for the night still stand?"
He goes outside and tends the stock without lighting a lamp or unbanking the fire or eating, then he comes back inside, washes up, and knocks on Tony's door again. "Tony? If, um, if you want to come into town with me, I'm, I'm leaving."
Thank you. I'm not sure how to say that to you aloud, but I need you to hear me: thank you. Thank you for everything, and thank you for this morning. I have no doubt that you'll tell me it was nothing, that it was only what you wanted, that it wasn't a big deal, so I'm going to head all that off at the pass: it absolutely was a big deal, and it means the world to me.
"For godssake, yes!" Tony laughs. "Do whatever you're going to do but for godssake just
It takes him a second, but he works out that Tony's sitting propped up against the headboard, Steve's legs curled so that Tony's bent legs are resting over his, the backs of his knees against the side of Steve's thigh. He's got one arm around Tony's waist, holding on to him like a stuffed toy or a life raft, with his face pressed to Tony's clothed hip.
"No. That's – how would that help?"
A blush colors Steve's cheeks, very faintly, and Tony's mesmerized. "Then that's what we'll do."
"I can heat you up some stew too, if you like," Tony says after a moment, sounding almost unsure, "but I wasn't sure if your hands would be shaking so I didn't know how you'd feel about spoons."
Steve does
"Not them," Steve says. "I'm not saying they're not brave, but I was talking about you."
Steve come. Because those are all definitely things that aren't mutually exclusive.
He said Jarvis could stay for as long as we like. He said we don't have to get married right away. He said no one in town will talk. He said the house is mine, too.
"It's not something you should have to help with!" Tony throws his hands in the air. "I said I'm just being silly! There is no reason at all to indulge me being hysterical, all right?"
At last Tony looks away – perhaps in shyness, perhaps in discomfort – and Steve finally remembers to let go of his hand. But when he makes so bold as to offer Tony his arm, Tony actually smiles at him when he puts his hand gently in the crook of Steve's elbow.
and Steve throws back his head and laughs.
Steve laughs again. "I can live with that."
I don't know anyone here, Steve. I only know him. If he - He can do
Natasha shakes her head. "It's not enough to imagine what it would feel like to be in the same situation as someone else. You have to imagine how it would feel to
he and Tony, and he has to repress a sigh.
"Oh no," Tony says, raising his hands and shaking his head, "I am not falling for that again.
He waits a full five minutes but there's no reply, and he wonders at what point he should start worrying that Tony died in there or something. But then he remembers the missing food, so he goes to bed dejected and hopeful for the morning.
"And," Mr Jarvis continues, voice dropping and eyes glittering, "make no mistake that though it may seem Anthony is quite alone out here, there are still people who care about him, and who will make sure he's looked after. People who will notice if he doesn't write, or if there's any hint of strife or coercion in any of his letters. People with, shall we say, certain skill sets and an affinity for poisons."
startles a laugh out of Steve. "Tony, you might be the strongest, bravest person I've ever heard of, omega or alpha or anything at all."
for myself. I don't like living just for me. I like being useful to other people, and supporting myself is all well and good but I'd rather support a family. So that's what I wanted when I advertised. A companion and a partner.
are mister prim-and-proper-rules-and-regs,
"We don't have to go in your room," Steve says, grasping desperately for a way to say that they don't have to have sex without actually saying the words. "We can just. We can go anywhere. Or we can not go anywhere! I mean, um."
he was still strong enough to trust someone new.
The date at the top is the day before their wedding. The very first day they met.
It feels like heaven, but eventually Steve is too restless to stay in bed. With an embarrassingly muzzy noise he lifts his head, looking around and trying to figure out why the room doesn't look right.
Getting settled in the bed is even more awkward than it was the very first time, but at last they're both lying under the covers with their heads on their own pillows.
. And I never... I never explained what I expect from you, either.
"And finally he gets it," Natasha says.
Everything was different, all of it, everything reminded him of where he was and where he
to? I've been dreaming of a husband that doesn't want me since I found out what it is alphas do to their spouses. And now you don't want me! You're a dream come true, Steve! Why the hell do I want you to kiss me? Why can't I ever just be content with what I have?
tell you something, make
"I can see that.
"Jarvis's wife. They basically raised me," Tony says, and Steve breathes a sigh of relief. "Like I said, Jarvis is brilliant, but he was too – upright. Ana was the one who told me to make like an omega and lie."
(George Jones)
Steve finally yells, throwing his drawers away in triumph, and Tony's laughing as Steve (also laughing) rolls over and drags himself back into Tony's arms.
By the time Steve's taken care of the stock and had his own breakfast there's still no sign of Tony. Steve hems and haws for a while, puttering about the house and hoping to hear Tony's tread on the stairs. Halfway through the morning he finds himself sitting at the writing desk again. He's got a line of communication now, one-sided though it may yet be, and he doesn't want to let it close. He'll write Tony another note, but just a short one, with nothing that may read like begging for him to come down.
And Steve - Steve does what he's been dreaming of doing for well over a year and gathers Tony up in his arms, holding him tight and comforting and pressing his lips to his temple.
They're both drooping by the time they make it back to the house. Tony walks upstairs in front of Steve and goes into Steve's room, and Steve feels a fission of excitement run down his spine - they've been using going into Tony's room as a euphemism for something, so maybe going into Steve's room means that Tony wants to - but when the sparks make it to the base of Steve's spine they settle in his belly and turn to something warmer.
"Jarvis, though," Tony continues, oblivious, "Jarvis kept telling me, Tony, don't run away. It won't change anything, and you'll be even more frustrated than you are now, because you'll think you've wasted your one chance. Don't run away. Don't run away."
Tony stops at the foot of the staircase, too, and stares at him open-mouthed. Steve doesn't know why, but he hopes it's not because Tony's shocked at how poorly Steve cleans up.
"Time'sit?"
He looks at her. "You can't be serious."
"No," Tony says again. He doesn't obviously take a breath or square his shoulders, but Steve gets the sense he's doing it in his head anyway. "No. There's a bed right here. It's big enough for the both of us. We're married, for godsake. We are both going to sleep in the bed."
with him? Tony is – Steve's never even met him but just from his letters Steve already cares about him so, so much. And yet here Steve is, head turning at the first pretty face he sees.
to do any of that, we can go in whatever order you like and we can leave as soon as you want to." Steve's learned his lesson well and tries his hardest to always lay out everything clearly, even the things he thinks are obvious.
Soft as he knows how Steve says, "Hello, Tony."
Something is tugging on the letters. Someone's trying to take them away. Steve bites off a sob and holds them tighter, no, no, don't take this away from him too - but then he hears something, someone talking, and the words can't make it through his clogged ears and stuffed-up brain but he recognizes the voice. Tony's pulling on the letters and Steve does
"Tony," Steve says. Tony's mouth clicks shut in the middle of a word and he looks at Steve steadily, not blinking or looking away, but he's hunched over and partially turned away, his hands wringing together, and ye gods, it looks like he's waiting for Steve to – to what? Tell him he did something wrong? What the hell?
Tony stares at Steve for a long, long time. Steve can't bring himself to look away. He wants this, he wants Tony, more than he ever thought possible, more than he'll ever be able to say, but just to take, just to keep him here, that's not what Steve wants. Steve wants
That's what the house feels like, Steve. Not just one little tiny piece of it, but the
"Tony," Steve says. Kisses his lips, just the once, because he cannot bear seeing them look like Tony's about to cry. "There is
"Yes. I was happy with Jarvis and Ana."
"I'll stay," Steve says.
The drive home is nearly silent. Tony won't stop looking behind them, but he also won't admit he thinks they're being followed. Steve keeps alert and aware of their surroundings but doesn't press for answers yet.
A pause. Tony's throat jumps as he swallows, but he doesn't move otherwise, not even his eyes. "Yes," he says.
Tony says, "Um."
he's got all of Tony's most intimate places spread out and tilted towards his eager eyes and hungry mouth. He groans like he's been punched and has to close his eyes and grit his teeth to keep from coming right then.
A few minutes later Steve – in his under-drawers and shirt, now – carries some bedding down the stairs and settles on the floor with his back to the fire and face towards the door. The floor isn't as comfortable as his own bed, but it's a sight more comfortable than a lot of places Steve's bunked down for the night. He's got two blankets and a pillow; he'll be fine.
"Touché," Bruce says.
"I do not want to know," he says, and then laughs when Steve flushes and splutters negations.
"You thought alphas couldn't come?" But that's not right, because then why would Tony offer to help?
Steve blinks. Then blinks again. "What?"
"I'll make up the second guest room," Steve says. "You can go look at the rooms, Tony, and pick which one you'd like while I get your trunk. You can each have your own or share as you like."
"These too?" Tony asks, looking at Steve but with his hands closer to Steve's pants. The first truly lucid thought Steve's had in probably hours enters his head, and it's something about the fact that he and Tony are living together, and are working towards a good marriage, and Steve trusts him, and his hands are shaking anyway, and there's something in there he can't quite catch about comfort and things that have nothing to do with sex. He sees some of this – at the very least, the thought that Tony's probably going to see all this at some point anyway – flit across Tony's face, so once again Steve lets his hands fall to his sides and nods.
of that means that Tony is something Steve can just reach out and take.
"Also," Sam says, forestalling any of Steve's complaining, "Maria said Tony would probably want this."
To see all these people who helped keep him safe without knowing why or asking questions, Steve thinks he means, and Steve thinks it's a good idea. Knowing that there are more people in his life now than just Steve who will protect him.
"Steve," Tony gasps right into his ear.
"Wha- Natasha!" Steve exclaims, strangled. His face is like a furnace.
That's
Steve shrugs. "So go out-host him, then."
is on that train somewhere, and here Steve is gawking at someone else. How dare he? What's
What is Steve thinking, making dramatic declarations like that? He's in the middle of their rough little kitchen, not in a melodramatic novel or Shakespearean play or something. The back of his neck burns but he clenches his jaw; he stands by what he said and won't take it back.
"Oh," Tony says suddenly, pulling back to look up at Steve, "you were never going to kiss me. You were waiting for
"Don't lift your feet up," Tony says, then demonstrates. "See, just sort of shuffle. It's smoother, and then my feet won't be able to get under yours in the first place."
"Have either of you seen anyone new in town in the last few days? Any strangers?" Steve's enjoying watching his friends enjoy themselves, but there's still the possibility that Tony's in danger.
Steve blinks. Steve listens to the words again inside his head. Steve does not understand.
"Sounds fun," Tony says with a smile in his voice.
It's a piece of paper. Torn, just the corner, and in handwriting Steve knows better than his own and adores more than his own life all it says is "I'm afraid."
"Good night, Steve," says Tony.
He is the center of attention and
"I'm serious," Steve says. "Couldn't help myself. You're so - That was the most amazing thing I've ever seen, Tony, I swear I've never felt anything like that before. That just - Getting to do that with you, and seeing you, and hearing you, and tasting - I couldn't help it."
"Of course I do, and it's no trouble at all."
," Steve breathes, because he will.
I never want to see you like that again, Steve. Not that I'm asking you to hide it from me! I don't think I could bear it if I knew you had another nightmare and I slept through it. Please wake me up. I just don't want you to have to go through that again, whether I'm there or not. You were so lost, and in so much pain, and you were right there and yet you broke my heart.
fool."
He rocks on his feet for a moment to make sure everything's secure, shifts his arms, and
"I'm light on my feet. I'd have to be, after all the interminable dance lessons I was subject to for the last ten years. I'll be able to stay out of the way. Besides, what if I'm asking because
Steve just sits there and blinks at it. He can't do anything else. It's just – kind of overwhelming.
The silverware. The smell of the air. The noises of the house settling at night. The animals. The temperature. The trees. The wind. The people who were here and the people who - weren't.
The three of them climb into the buggy for the short trip to the station, and Steve turns away as the train rumbles up to the platform to give Tony and Jarvis as much privacy as he can while they say goodbye one last time.
That startles a laugh out of Tony, and the situation may still be potentially dire but Steve feels better.
And Tony - it's not that Tony's like a completely different person. It's like Tony is finally
Natasha shrugs. "Then he doesn't tell you, and that is
"Aren't you on duty?" Sif asks, but she's filling four shot glasses.
I still believed that when I met him, you know? Still believed every word of every letter like the starry-eyed, empty-headed fool I am. I was even glad he was so big! And handsome, Steve, so handsome. My life is over.
"You're sweet," Tony says, still smiling and still trying to get his hands on Steve's cock.
He's spent the whole day daydreaming about Tony. What else? Things have been stilted and awkward since the day Tony first sought him out of his own volition, but now they're both trying. More importantly, probably, they both
Tony turns to look at him. His eyes gleam in the starlight. "Yes, Steve?"
Clint rolls his eyes as he brings three of the glasses over. "I'm not going to get drunk on one drink, Steve, honestly."
"Thank you, Mister Rogers," Mr Jarvis says stiffly. There's something very slightly off in his tone, but Steve can't put his finger on what it is. Or perhaps it's nothing; perhaps it's simply that Mr Jarvis is from a completely different place and a completely different class, and so might as well be from a completely different culture.
We do have things to fall back on. Googling your local hotline is a good place to start. So is Why Does He Do That? by Lundy Bancroft.
His lips are soft and warm, and Steve holds Tony's hand tighter and pulls him closer at the feel of it. For a moment neither of them move, and then tentatively, like they can't help it, they start exploring, lips sliding over lips and breathing each other's air. Tony's fingers slide from Steve's jaw to tangle in the short hair at the back of his head and Steve groans, startled.
. It's like stepping into someone's box of favorite things that they made just to keep those things safe. And it's - it's strange, the way I feel like there are bits of it missing; bits of it left unfinished just for me.
"Tony?" Steve whispers, unable to stop himself from lightly kissing the skin beneath his mouth. "Was that - Are you -" Steve stops, unable to find the words for what he wants to ask.
Steve,
"I haven't heard anything, either," Bruce says - not to Steve, but to Tony. Perceptive.
– But then he remembers the night before, Clint's party, and dancing with Tony in his arms, and Tony saying "Take me home" and meaning something beyond that, and kissing each other to sleep –
Tony and Mr Jarvis are staring at him now even more intently than before, and after a minute more of silence Steve's fighting the urge to shuffle his feet. He's sure he's just mortally offended them, and tries not to imagine Tony turning up his nose and getting right back on the train again.
"And you were in a worse situation than they were. They could have left if they wanted to; you couldn't. Don't you think that if you were able to be happy with them despite everything else, they were happy with you, too?"
It's the realization that Tony really does think Steve is going to berate him or say something cruel to him that gives Steve the kick in the pants to tell him, "No one's ever taken care of me like this, Tony. This is the kindest thing anyone's ever done for me."
Tony crawls into his lap and pulls Steve's arms around himself, wrapping his own arms around Steve's shoulders and tucking Steve's face into his neck, his legs on Steve's legs and chest against Steve's chest and his weight anchoring Steve here, and Steve tries not to hold him too tight but oh gods Tony's so warm and here here here and Steve just clings and cries and tries not to crush him.
He cooks dinner for them and starts early, just to have something to do with his hands. It eases his heart when Tony keeps circling the house like a tornado, touching and looking at everything. Surely that means he can't be too disgusted or disappointed? Or at the very least it means that he's already planning how to make things more to his liking, which is just as well. Mr Jarvis sits at the table and glares at Steve the whole time, though, and it makes him so nervous he nearly slices his hand instead of the bread more than once.
meeting, when they'd already been speaking to each other for near to a year.
After a long time frantically trying to do anything Steve realizes that he's asleep. Or waking up. He's in his bed, Tony's beside him, but Steve can't open his eyes and can't move and can't make a sound. He's trapped. Trapped. Voiceless.
The obvious solution to this - if Tony's going to continue not having sex, which considering the fact that he doesn't want anything to ever taint the memory of this morning means he's likely to continue abstaining (or trying to) for the rest of his life - is to keep Steve beside him and let him jerk off anyway.
Steve swallows. He's never been so nervous in his life.
"She – god, it was amazing. It was like watching a magician. She helped me play them off each other, every single one of them. Kept it up for over a year, she was so good at it."
You don't have to answer. I only hope that you've read this far; I think this may be the longest letter I've ever written, to you or anyone. But don't think you have to respond. You don't. You truly don't have to do anything, Tony.
Tony is in person until he gets to watch him wind everyone around his little finger with just a few bashful smiles and clever words. Steve hasn't even spoken in the last half hour, too busy smiling besottedly at Tony and gleefully watching everyone else get pulled into Tony's orbit. He's been here barely two hours and already half the town's half in love with him.
Of course that doesn't work out quite the way Steve intended - because Clint marches right up to Tony and tells him they're in a hosting competition, which rapidly devolves into them competing over
"Yeah," says Tony, "all you have to do is just not go outside."
you I barely even saw him! It probably wasn't even him at all!"
"Oh god, Steve," Tony says, and it sure does sound like he's having a good time. Steve settles in, putting his weight on his chest so his hands can run up and down Tony's thighs, unable to keep himself from pressing his own aching cock into the bed and moaning at the little bit of relief.
"Oh, I realize," Steve says, passing a piece of toast with two pieces of cheese over to Tony. "I'm not sure you realize how good it feels."
"Thank you, Tony," Steve says, every muscle going loose with relief.
Tony scoffs. "You wouldn't hurt me, Steve."
Before Natasha can say anything Steve turns on her. "You've got to help me, Tasha. You know what he's thinking, I know you do. Please help me."
"Sorry," Steve says, sniffing again and not looking at him.
order, so he figures the plain stationary is better than nothing.
Once again, Steve is nearly overwhelmed by the urge to offer Tony his hand to help him, and one again Steve resists because Tony doesn't actually
Steve pulls a sheet of paper off the stack and something flutters onto the desk.
Then there's a single sheet of paper that's filled with what looks like drafts:
"Humph," Tony says. "They shouldn't be."
So offer it he does; he goes to the far side of the buggy and finds Tony watching him, leaning forward like he's waiting. Once again caught in the intensity of tony's eyes Steve holds up his hand, and the moment Tony's warm fingers close over Steve's own it's like everything in the world spins down to naught but Tony's eyes and that one point of contact. It seems to take a century for Tony to make the journey from the buggy to the ground, but even so Steve ends up just standing there with Tony's hand cradled in his own, no doubt gawping down at him like a fish.
"It's nothing to do with me," Steve tries. "What you, what you do with yourself, Tony, that isn't
). It occurs to Steve that it might have been a good idea to practice bringing up difficult topics when they weren't already in a tense situation.
Steve stumbles to a halt and stands gaping like a fish. Tony rushes over to him and he automatically closes the door behind himself to keep Tony warm and dry.
to feel good. And I'm glad that if you decide you don't want to do this with me again, you'll still be able to, to feel good without me."
I met this alpha today, Steve. He's
Without even thinking about it Steve writes on a fresh piece of paper, "Tell me what you're afraid of and I'll protect you."
Tony laughs and presses his hand to Steve's arm to make him put it down. "Trust me, I am fine out here, thanks. I don't think you realize yet just how hot it is right now."
about him gets quiet, too. But he refuses to cower, sitting ramrod straight with his chin up and his shoulders back and staring intently at the wall.
Tony's writing a letter to someone who
Eventually Tony's soft cries fade into gulping breaths and he relaxes by incriments, his body starting to go pliant before he jerks and tenses again, aftershocks rolling through him and hopefully helped along by the way Steve lets Tony's cock slide from his mouth so he can lick at it and suck gently on his balls. Steve doesn't even realize his hands have been grasping at Tony this whole time, running over his chest and stomach and arms and neck, until Tony unwinds shaky hands from Steve's hair and clutches one of Steve's hands in his own. Steve squeezes his hand and holds on.
There's the creak of a foot on floorboard at the top of the stairs. Steve turns, and after a moment Tony hesitantly comes down the steps. He's wrapped in a blanket. His feet are bare.
I don't know why I believed everything in your letters. I did, though. Maybe it was because they came from so far away; like I thought dishonesty and treachery and manipulation were exports of New York and New York alone.
"Nothing, nothing," Tony says quickly, but he's not even looking at Steve, instead peering at every doorway they pass. "Just tired, I guess. Been a while since I've been around that many people at once, you know." He flashes a quick smile at Steve, but it's so forced it just makes Steve more worried.
"Then you tell him you don't understand," she says. "Steve. The most important thing at this point is that he knows you're
Tony says.
Even though Steve's watching him so closely, the change that comes over Tony is so subtle and so unexpected it takes Steve a minute to realize it's happened. But his smile is more bright and less sincere than it was before, and he's shifted in his seat so he's closer to Steve but facing away, and he stops looking so steadily at whoever's speaking. A few moments more and Tony actually presses against Steve's side. He keeps looking around like he expects the walls to suddenly cave in.
"Safe travels, Mister Jarvis," Steve says with a surprising amount of emotion, gripping his hand tight. Mr Jarvis grips his hand back and Steve's surprised all over again when he realizes how little Mr Jarvis wants to leave. "You know you can stay, right? Or come back any time, for however long you want. You don't have to write ahead or anything."
But Tony ducks his chin and smiles. "Of course," he whispers back, and Steve doesn't realize he's leaning closer until Darcy coos at them and says, "You two are
But he can't do either of those things so he flees into his room instead, and feels so guilty for feeling so relieved when he finally has a closed door between himself and that strange omega outside, whoever he is.
Gradually bits of him break free of whatever's holding him. He can twitch a finger, move a foot. He puts all his concentration into using the bit of movement he has to get out of bed and do it quietly.
In less than a second Steve has a series of thoughts and realizations, and these are: sex is definitely one of the things Tony's been scared of, Tony sure seems to want this right now but that could easily change at any moment, if they do have sex now Steve is going to show Tony such a good time that Tony might be willing to do this again at some point, or at the very least won't be traumatized and will stop worrying that he's
Nearly a year ago now, Natasha had started getting after Steve to take out an advertisement for a husband in the personal pages in the newspapers, and soon enough all his friends were in on it. At the time it seemed a never-ending morass of talking and arguing and Byzantine political maneuvering (or near enough), but right now it seems like just yesterday he received the first letter with a New York postmark smelling faintly of flowers and smoke and written in a spiked, elegant hand that by now Steve would recognize anywhere.
"If you were angry at me," Steve says, "you'd be upstairs in your room, but you're still down here talking to me."
he'll have left the kettle on the hearth.
I wish there was a way to keep the house and get rid of the alpha.
expect him to do? Hello Tony, lovely weather we're having, and by the way I don't expect you to cook if you don't want to, or mend my socks, or take Star out every morning to learn horseback hand-stands?"
for Rhodey to come over and Howard was telling the truth.
"No, Steve, listen to me," Tony says, sounding angry and desperate. "I can - I can - I don't
; how excited Steve was when he saw a letter from Tony this morning; the point of letters is to communicate with people who are far away, and Tony feels so far beyond his reach Steve's sick with longing.
It takes a long, long time, but at last Steve can open his eyes. For a little while he's not sure he managed, because it's so dark he can't tell if his eyes are still shut and just feel like they're open.
"Yeah," says Clint, not flippant now but not grim, either. "Man came in on the train yesterday. Alpha, I think, but I didn't get close enough to tell. He put up at Sif's."
"Yes," says Tony. He says it deliberately, though, and pulls Steve's face up to look him in the eye. "Yes, Steve."
Of course I got his bloody letter he put it under my goddamn door
"But I just told you that I don't need you to -!" Tony still doesn't say it, but his brows are lowered like he's glaring, though the corners of his lips are twitching downwards, too.
"Tony," Steve says. While Tony spoke Steve moved around the table, and now he puts his hand on Tony's shoulder. It's the first time he's ever touched Tony without reaching out to him and then letting Tony complete the motion. Tony's shirt is soft and the fabric is fine; Steve can feel his warmth right through his clothes, and he can feel how he's trembling. Tony looks up at him with wide, wide eyes.
"They're all right," Tony whispers, voice catching. "Steve, Steve, they're all right."
Tony doesn't say anything, just comes to stand beside him and brushes his shoulder with his fingertips.
Still laughing Steve rolls Tony under him and kisses him mid-word, and Tony immediately throws his arms around Steve's neck and pulls, their mouths open and sloppy and gasping and desperate against each other.
"My mother."
Tony looks at him, still smiling but sharp-eyed, and after a moment his face goes impossibly soft. "I know you are," he says. "Well, I wasn't sure, but I hoped."
. And, well, at the time that didn't help much either. What was the difference? How was running away from a life married to one of those creeps any different from running towards a life without either of them? And what did it matter, anyway, so long as I got away?
Steve,
She gives Tony a hug and, likely sensing how pleased but flustered Tony must be, fusses at him for being too skinny and sends the lot of them to Brunnhilde's to feed him up. As they're walking Steve hears the train rumble and screech into the station, and unable to quell the impulse he ducks his head towards Tony and says too quietly for everyone else to hear, "Do you remember when we met?" As though that moment were special to anyone but Steve, two people meeting on a train platform like thousands of others do every day – as though that were their
Tony's eyes are very brown. They're incredible. Not just one shade, no, but a hundred, a thousand; clear and deep, like gazing into the depths of dark amber.
Tony pelts downstairs; Steve hands him the letter and he turns away, going to the window and ripping it open. He reads it with his back to Steve but doesn't leave the room, and Steve just stands there and watches him, waiting, maybe praying - Tony raises a hand to his face. His shoulders are shaking. He turns halfway towards Steve and Steve's stomach sinks.
Steve laughs. "No, we had a bed. But Bucky and I used to do this all the time; him sleeping at my house or me at his. We'd sleep on the floor and whisper all night "
"If you'll just follow me," Steve says, gesturing to the house as Mr Jarvis climbs down from the buggy as well. Steve tears his eyes away from confounding Tony long enough to see Mr Jarvis smoothing down his vest and looking intently at the house, but he's not sneering or looking down his nose. Steve doesn't understand him, either.
Standing in the sunshine and staring at him is Tony.
It would be pleasant if it weren't for the rain. Steve enjoys riding, enjoys being with his friends, enjoys going out to all the homes in and around Big Eden and seeing everyone, enjoys hard work and helping out. Today, though, every single one of those things is made miserable by the goddamn
"No," Steve says, "even before that. In your letters you told me that you had no money at all, and you didn't say outright but you tried so hard to let me know that you weren't handsome, and you were so clever and so clearly well-educated... I thought you were a schoolteacher."
"Why?" Tony demands.
"I thought, um, I thought alphas couldn't?"
Jarvis tried to protect me all day. I've never seen him so upset. He thinks I can't tell, but I can. I'll let him believe, though; gods only know it's cold enough comfort. He and Ana kept me safe from everyone for so long, and now he's got to hand me over to someone else. A stranger neither of us has ever met. I heard him tell Ana before we came here that he feels like a failure for not being able to keep me safe without doing this, and at the time I was - it didn't feel right. I wanted to come out here, Steve. I wanted to come find you.
Thank you for your letter. It was very nice. I appreciate
"I still don't see how I can just walk up to him and say 'what are you thinking? Why aren't you happy?'"
Howard used to do that, you know? He'd give me something he knew I wanted and then twist it and use it against me, but it'd be even worse because whenever I told him to stop he'd just say I had
I saw," Tony says, wringing his hands.
"Jumpy," Tony sneered. "That a technical term?"
In yet another first, Tony glares at him. "So distract me."
Steve kisses him some more, and then some more, and some more after that, and after a minute Tony huffs a laugh against his mouth. "Come
"Good night, Tony," Steve whispers after him, and doesn't know if Tony hears. He shuts the door and Steve stays on the porch for a long, long time.
Steve wants to protest - he was in the Army so he's used to far worse, he can drag the straw tick from Tony's room in here and sleep on that, the bed is big enough for two people but it's really not big enough for two people to not touch - but Tony already knows all that. Tony's smart. If he really didn't want to share a bed with Steve he'd find a way to get what he wanted without it.
it. It's small and warm and I know if I asked you about any one of the nails you'd be able to tell me where you got it and what was happening when you used it.
He gives one of the hot towels to Steve and takes the other one himself, drying Steve's back and crouching down to dry his calves. Steve has the towel over his face when Tony does that, which is probably for the best.
The day Natasha first told him her idea, he never would have believed that one day he'd think her fool notion might just be the best thing he's ever done. He never could have dreamed that one day he'd be here: watching the train roll into the station and trying to wrap his mind around the fact that somewhere on that train is the man who agreed to marry him.
He'd rather cut off his own hand than betray that trust. After reading the letters Steve may need Tony in his arms desperately, but
"Are you sure?" Tony asks, actually wringing his hands. What's gotten into him? He was so sure of himself a moment ago. It's like now that he's not actively doing something he's remembered he's supposed to be nervous. "I can – I mean there's stew, like I said, or – Should I have got more blankets? I can still –"
I wanted to end this letter here. I've nearly signed my name half a dozen times. But Natasha, who as you know is far more wise than I, went to great lengths to impress upon me the fact that there is one more thing I must absolutely tell you, no matter how uncomfortable it makes either of us.
"Hi, Tony," Steve says, smiling. He holds out the tray and Tony eyes it warily for a minute before snatching it out of Steve's hands. Some of the water sloshes over the edge of the cup but Tony ignores it.
Tony's moving quietly around the room, slowly undressing and getting ready for bed. Steve does the same, and either by habit or from nerves they both leave their shirts and under-drawers on, like always.
There are a lot of things Steve wants to say right now, most of them falling on a spectrum from 'I would
It feels like hours later, but at last Steve manages to convince everyone that Tony's still tired from his journey and that Steve will introduce him around in a few days. Truly he's not sure how Tony would handle being introduced to so many people at once, all for the fact that Steve's written to him about each of them many times. After another round of hugs and kissed cheeks they reluctantly disperse, but Steve feels them all watching the rest of the time they're in town.
Steve mentally shakes himself out of it, and looks at the luggage Tony's standing beside. There's not much, just two carpet bags and one good–sized trunk.
They're wrapped so close to each other, grasping and pulling and trying to get closer still, and Tony's mouth leaves his to kiss along his jaw, and Steve buries his face in Tony's neck and shoulder and mouths at his sleep-warm skin.
To Whom it May Concern: Here lies Anthony Edwin Rogers, lately of New York and currently of Big Eden, who on this day thought himself to death.
"I will, I will," Steve promises absently. The postmark is Canadian and he doesn't recognize the handwriting. He and Sam say their goodbyes and as soon as Sam turns away Steve closes the door hurries towards the stairs, hollering, "Tony! Tony, letter!"
"You take the bed," Steve says, reaching for his own pillow.
he if Tony never
It's more than just - well, everything else. More than being something amazing instead of terrible. It's that I get to be close to you - we get to be so close to each other - and it can be equally good for both of us. Neither of us has to be hurt, neither of us has to feel guilty, neither of us has to be left wanting, we can just - we can just be together, and Steve, I want so badly to be close to you.
traumatized.
Someday I'll return and you know
bad at this. He can barely say the word 'come' aloud to his husband right after they had sex; how on earth is he supposed to say the words for a conviction he can't even articulate in his own head?
"So it doesn't block my line of sight from the fireplace to the door," Steve says.
It takes them a long time to say goodbye to everyone, and longer still to walk through the nighttime woods, Tony tucked under one of Steve's arms and lantern held aloft in the other.
The vegetables out back and in the further field need to be tended though not often; the bigger weeds need pulling and I need to make sure the plants get enough water. I eat from both vegetable patches all summer, and in autumn these too need to be harvested and preserved.
Utterly delighted, Steve settles back and shifts a bit until they're a bit more comfortable. He's on his back and Tony's on his side beside him, one of his legs over one of Steve's, his head on Steve's shoulder and his hand on Steve's sternum, Steve's arm around him. He pulls Tony closer and puts his own hand over Tony's on his chest, and closes his eyes and just memorizes the feel of it.
" she cries. "Did you say Steve finally brought – oh, you're Tony!"
After he eats the next morning he taps on Tony's door again. "Tony?" he calls gently. "I'll be leaving for town in about an hour if you want to come." Still no reply.
Mr Rogers, I have received and read your missive and find it entirely satisfactory. I have absolutely no questions; any and all concerns that may heretofore have plagued me have been summarily dismissed. I find myself entirely cognizant of your character, your motives and ambitions, and I am content. Nothing about you remains an insoluble puzzle; nor, indeed, has anything about you ever been. Felicitations; now that we understand each other we need never interact with one another again. I'm staying in here and I'll see you in a few years. Maybe.
Steve groans, trying to sound like he's annoyed instead of about to come untouched.
(See the end of the chapter for
So he does what they used to make him and Bucky (and the rest of the troops, of course) do in the Army to keep fit: he puts on his boots and a light shirt, leaves the house and locks up behind himself, and takes off at a run. He doesn't do this nearly every morning but he's done it enough to know the way, and to know that by the time he gets far enough to not have the path memorized the sky will be light.
"Great," Steve mutters.
At last Tony interrupts Steve's stammering and says, "Will you show me the ash tree? The one with the face?"
So keep your love for me for
Steve," he laughs, impatient, and pulls on Steve's arm.
"Yeah?" Steve still has one arm wrapped secure around Tony, and without thinking about it uses the other hand to brush a wayward curl off Tony's forehead.
"Gods, even your underwear is dripping wet!" Tony laughs. Steve chuckles, too, and Tony makes sure he's steady on his feet before darting away and then rushing back.
He almost falls off the bed but catches himself at the last moment. He can't really stand, but manages to stumble to the foot of the bed. He might be awake or he might be dreaming but either way clawing his way to the chest of Tony's letters is as instinctive and automatic as breathing.
this."
But the hours drag interminably, damply on, and the later it grows the less hope Steve has that Tony'll still be up. The makeshift bridge gets erected, Frigga makes her way quickly across it as soon as Sam says it's safe, and the other five of them follow hot on her heels. As they feared, there's a lot of work to be done – trees have fallen and blocked roads and crushed parts of houses, people have slipped in the mud or been thrown from horseback and gotten hurt, children are coughing in the cold and the damp.
Great, so the memory of this morning has been tainted anyway. Tony tries to tell himself that having one imperfection is enough to make the experience seem more real without ruining it, but the truth is that missing Steve coming isn't just an imperfection, it's a fucking tragedy.
They don't say anything for the rest of the night, and after a while Tony falls asleep – or it sounds like he does; his breathing deepens and evens out and he doesn't move around much – but Steve stays awake and keeps watch. He can't stop thinking of Tony's voice when he said Steve wouldn't hurt him, like the idea was absurd, like after everything he'd been through at the hands of his own
"Steve?" Tony says quietly. Steve hums.
Laughter in his voice Tony whispers, "You taste good."
"Yes," Steve says. "Though, there is another train that passes each night, but that one doesn't stop in town."
Tony, but
Tony's spent a lot more time outside his room lately, though he still retreats there frequently. He spends a lot of time outside the house, as well, though he seems somewhat fastidious and has managed to not get terribly dirty yet without making it look like that's on purpose. It's endearing.
Tony swallows. Steve takes his hand back, stops touching Tony, though it feels like cutting off his own hand to make himself do it, but he doesn't move away. Tony sounds like he's trying to sound flippant and failing when he says, "Don't you think that acting like we're about to fight off an entire army will just make it worse?"
They start walking back towards the house and Tony goes quiet again. This time Steve doesn't try to break the silence, unsure if Tony's quiet because he's afraid or just because he has nothing to say.
break me in half when
He makes it back to the farm and tries not to rush too much settling Star. She got him home quick and easy, and deserves more than him simply taking off her saddle and running into the house.
Steve's head jerks up, he's so startled. "What? Of course! You're welcome to stay for as long as you like."
Steve goes to bed that night still with not sight nor sound of Tony, but he expected nothing less. Tony's afraid of something, and it's finally occurring to Steve that Tony's been afraid of something this whole time. Steve doesn't know what it is, but he hopes that when enough time's gone past for Tony to see that he doesn't have to be afraid he'll tell Steve what's the matter.
expect, all right? I know you, Steven Rogers, so I'm well aware that you have absolutely not laid down any boundaries or expectations at
All my love,
Tony quirks a smile, just a tiny little thing. "You didn't exactly know what you were getting into either, Steve. We've barely talked. You haven't even sampled my cooking yet. Do you want to wait to get married, and see how I do with everything first?"
He should have realized, he berates himself. He should have realized the very moment Mr Jarvis first introduced Tony and Steve was confronted with the fact that everything he thought he knew about Tony's life and situation was wrong. If it was possible for him to be so mistaken about that, how could he have ever thought they both understood every minute detail of what their life together was going to be like?
"Yeah, sure," Tony says, smiling and closing his eyes. "In that case I'm going to have to ask you to please kiss me."
"I suppose," Steve says slowly.
Steve is drowning. Icy bitter seawater is pouring down his throat and forcing itself up his nose. He's drowning but he's standing on dry land at in the prison, and it's a flat plane but he's watching the fall from the train, and he's on the train in the cold wind of the mountains but trapped in something warm and soft and constricting, and he's underwater, and he's falling from the ship, and he's falling from the train, and it's all jumbled up, all the worst things that have ever happened to him, and sometimes it's happening to him and sometimes it's happening to Bucky and sometimes it's happening to Tony and no matter what Steve is frozen, can't move, can't scream, can't blink or look away.
Don't let the stars get in your eyes
Tony smiles, then frowns, then smiles again but it looks more forced, then grimaces and looks away. His hands open and close at his sides and he shifts on his feet.
"Good morning sleepyhead," Tony says, tugging his hair gently. He's got a pillow on his lap and a book on the pillow. Smiling like he's teasing he says, "You slept half the morning away."
"I want to make you feel good," Steve says, honest and oddly shy, and Tony makes a high-pitched noise and laughs at the same time.
"I know you must be tired and hungry from your journey," Steve says, "and I imagine it'd be nice if you could get somewhere comfortable quick. But I also know that even with a chaperone, you may not want to spend a night in a house with an unmarried alpha. So we can either go direct from here to the chapel, or we can go to the house and come back tomorrow well-rested. For my own part I simply want you both to be comfortable, so I leave the choice entirely up to you."
Wordlessly, Tony holds out another sheet of paper. It's his good stationary, covered in his handwriting. There's no salutation, and it reads more like a diary entry than a letter. Halfway through Steve's close to losing control of himself again, overwhelmed by a feeling he's too muddled to name, and he doesn't even finish it before looking up at Tony and saying, "Why didn't you say anything? This whole time you wanted a sketchbook of your own? Tony, why -"
"Betrayal," Bruce says from where he's sitting in the corner, but he's smiling.
The musicians strike up a jaunty tune and everyone except Steve is immediately in the middle of the floor, dancing, and then Tony flops down beside him.
If nothing else, the room is spotless. The whole
The windows are open and the white muslin curtains flutter in the breeze. The stove gleams like ink. The pots and pans hanging are also impeccably clean. The floor isn't polished but there's not a speck of dirt on it. The walls are bare and whitewashed, not painted, but there are no cobwebs or soot stains anywhere. There's no art on the walls, and the curtains and tablecloth are the only ones Steve has.
? What if he's
He didn't think of me as a person, he thought of me as a - as a
Tony heaves himself up from his chair, and Steve's thankful for the darkness when Tony stretches with his arms above his head and Steve feels his face go hot.
It takes the train about a hundred times longer than usual to roll to a stop. A year or so passes before the doors finally open. Steve stays leaning against the wall – ostensibly because he doesn't want to go rushing into the crowd and risk missing him, but really, well. No matter how many times he discreetly unclenches his fingers and wipes his hands on the sides of his shirt, his palms are still slick.
is real, he
Flooded with shame, Steve turns away and searches through everyone else disembarking. Most of the passengers are, if not local, then at least obviously from this part of the country. There is someone else nearly as well-dressed as the beautiful omega, but he's a middle-aged gentleman and looks to be a beta. So far as he can see there's only one other young man from out east, and Steve straightens up and prepares to make his way over – but the young man walks right past him and into the arms of a woman who's clearly a relative, and Steve sags back against the side of the building in disappointment.
"Jarvis said they'd be fine," he says at last. "He worked for my father, see. He said that he and Ana would be fine. But he left me a letter the day he left and he, he said that. He said that he and Ana would be able to keep people from getting suspicious, but they'd still likely be watched for a while. They don't want anyone to be able to find me. They gave me a new address and said I could send letters there, but it'd be a while before they could pick them up or write to me."
"We can't –" Tony says, voice hoarse, "you can't just – that wouldn't, that won't –"
"You wouldn't have heard anything, you're a hermit," Clint says, and Bruce rolls his eyes. "We should go to Sif's and see if he's still here. I haven't seen him at all today and the train hasn't come yet, but the train's not the only way to leave town."
Steve doesn't have time for prurient thoughts when Tony quickly opens his pants and starts tugging them down his legs, too busy flinging his arms out and trying to keep his balance as the wet cloth sucks onto his also-wet skin and won't let go.
"I'm going to make sure he leaves," Steve says. Before he can even stand up, though, Sif says, "Clint's got it, Cap," and nods to the window. Sure enough, a moment later Clint ambles by, for all the world casual and unhurried, but he's moving towards the station and his eyes are sharp.
He takes one of the trunk's handles and lifts that end of it off the ground, crouches down and gets his arm beneath it, and stands with the whole of it on his shoulder. Then, because Tony's eyes are on him and it makes him feel just a little wild, Steve bends his knees enough to get the handles for both carpet bags in his free hand, too.
. How perhaps the house would be nicer than what Tony was used to – almost certainly there will be a lot more space. Maybe he'd even be pleased with how big and nice it is; would be pleased with how well Steve's done for them. For
Anthony. Anthony. TONY. Oh, gods. Tony
Tony nods but he looks close to panicking, and one more time Steve's reminded that
Tony smiles up at him, sunny and teasing, and takes Steve's right wrist. He steps closer still, and draws Steve's hand around to settle on the middle of his back. Then he puts his right hand in Steve's left, drawing them up so their elbows are bent and their loosely clasped hands are level with Tony's shoulder. Then he lays his left arm atop Steve's right, and puts his left hand on Steve's shoulder, and then he smiles up at Steve and tugs just a little, half a step back.
He opens the front door and gestures Tony and Mr Jarvis to enter before him. He loses sight of Tony's face for a moment, of course, but he immediately spins around a few times, eyes darting fast as birds, looking at every single thing. He still isn't smiling; instead looks very intent.
"Wow, you really are tired, aren't you," Tony says, and it sounds like he's trying not to laugh. Steve only realizes he was staring at his boots and frowning when he looks at Tony's glowing, smiling face and feels himself smile back.
He feels weighted down again but this time it's good; feels like resting. The feel of Tony's fingers in his hair and the rhythm of his breathing are soothing. Steve doesn't sleep, but he fades in and out, and doesn't want to sleep because he doesn't want to dream but this is so much more restful.
to draw this out: his goal is to make it
Steve, I don't know what to say in response to your letter. In lieu of that I think I'll tell you what I haven't told you at all yet, which is that you are very handsome and you seem so kind and
"I'm going to tend the stock," Steve whispers. "Go back to sleep."
I wish you'd tell me what happened to you. You've told me some and the gods only know I don't like any of it, but I wish I knew all of it. I know you don't want me and I don't care about that. This is what I was talking about in my last letter, Steve. How can I see you cry and think of kissing you? What's wrong with me for wanting you to keep me in your arms when the only reason you're holding me in the first place is because you're afraid? I'll do better, Steve, I promise I will.
married? Does he think that even if we're not married we can act like we are? Is everyone here very rigid about marriage, and so if I agree to stay the night with an unmarried alpha will they look down on me so I'll be at a disadvantage here for the rest of my life? What? Why did he say all those things? What is he trying to get?
He'd rather thought the invitation might be a welcome one, but judging by the looks they both level him with he was mistaken. Tony's not smiling, instead frowning slightly with his brows drawn together like he's trying to figure something out. Mr Jarvis is glaring more outright than before. Steve has not the faintest notion how inviting Tony's chaperone to stay with them is so insulting. If only one or the other of them were upset he could understand, but
Telling you what I expect from you is the most difficult thing, Tony, so I know I should start there. I've been staring at the page for ten minutes trying to find what to say. It's difficult though because I just want to say what I've been saying: I don't expect anything from you at all. Natasha tells me though that that isn't going to be enough for you to feel comfortable, so I've got to say something else.
all that heavy. Not compared to the things Steve hauls about on a daily basis. If he had to carry it all the way back to the house it might be a problem, but just over to the buggy? He likely won't even break a sweat.
"I can't help if I don't know what's going on," Steve says.
"Pretty sure bravery is being afraid of something and doing it anyway, and here you are."
Rather, I do have a lot to say, but I was wrong about whom I need to say it to.
At the same time Tony blurts out, "I thought I saw one of Ezekiel's men!"
He also isn't sure if he's more giddy because he expects Steve to continue being kind and caring and gentle and Steve fulfills his expectations beautifully, or because the sex was actually really good. Both, probably. In any case, Tony's giddy and bouncy and Steve, in keeping with prior behavior, doesn't seem annoyed. Seems to enjoy Tony's energy, in fact, and Tony can be honest enough with himself to admit that this is still throwing him for a loop.
Whoever You Are, just tell me when it's going to happen. I think I could bear all the rest if only I knew that.
"Yes'm," he says, tipping his hat to her respectfully.
jerk off - it makes him want to crawl into a hole in embarrassment, but Tony still has no idea if that's just an omega thing or not. Or maybe just a him thing. Everyone always said that an alpha couldn't come unless they were inside an omega, but Steve said he came this morning and his dick was nowhere near Tony.
He wants to keep this. That's what it is. He realizes it when he's frozen, staring at the bed and clutching his arms around himself, listening to the soft sounds of Steve undressing behind him. If it turns out that this morning was a one-off, if it turns out that Steve doesn't try so hard to make him feel good anymore or if Steve wants to fuck him and it turns out there really is no way to keep that from hurting or any of the hundred other things that could go wrong -
"Tony," Steve says softly, "I know you were hoping for a letter –"
Steve's just about to admit defeat and go to the post office – he'll check for a letter first and then send a telegram; he may end up looking desperate, but Tony IS supposed to be on this train and it's a legitimate concern that something might have happened to him – when someone says, "Mister Rogers?"
I'll take care of you. Any way you want to fill your time is fine. If you want to order a lot of books or art supplies or sheet music or anything then so long as we have the money for it, it's yours.
There's a feather-light touch on the back of his hand and it must be Tony and Steve's terrified of hurting him so he curls up tighter to keep his fists away. A moment later Tony wraps his hands around Steve's arm and pulls, and Steve doesn't want to hurt him, so he forces his arm to relax as much as possible even though Tony's pulling his arm away from his chest, opening him up wide when all Steve wants to do is stay curled up around himself.
Steve shrugs, trying to look like he's not about to gather Tony into his lap and promise him the world if only he'll smile. "Then you laze about in the shade all day and I'll take care of everything. I just want you to be happy, Tony."
Once Mr Jarvis is in the buggy Tony grasps the bar and puts his foot on the wheel in preparation of climbing up himself, and Steve automatically offers his hand. Tony, too, seems to take it automatically and without even looking, but–
It's thick, much thicker than any letter Steve's ever received, and the only word on the envelope is his name. It's in Tony's handwriting. His heartbeat kicks up the way it always did - always does - whenever he receives a letter from Tony.
They walk into the cool interior of the chapel and it's all a blur until he's holding both of Tony's hands in both of his own, staring deep into those eyes and making his vows. And then again when he's trying not to shake apart into a million pieces as Tony gazes up at him and makes his own vows right back.
One second of thought and Steve says, "If you want to go to your room I'll bring you some supper later?"
like something. We can do whatever you want, all right? We can do something different or slow down or stop altogether or never do or even speak of this again -"
Tony's good stationary:
"Nothing," Tony scoffs.
But everything he wants to say would shift the focus onto
"Good night, Steve," Tony says. He smiles at Steve, this one looking a good deal more genuine if still a little wistful, and turns towards the door.
The smile Tony graces Steve with is small but real. "I'll be fine. I've definitely had worse."
They kiss for a while, but it's slow and languid and Steve doesn't touch him at all except for his kisses and resting one hand on Tony's jaw. After a while Steve drifts off, and Tony just lies there staring at him, and realizes he's being selfish again. Not only is he not letting Steve have sex, he's also keeping Steve right beside him so Steve can't even jerk off. Yes, that's because Tony never wants Steve to suffer through another nightmare alone, but it also means Tony's denying him any relief at all. And that's assuming Steve even
"Of course," Steve says. "You can do anything you want. But it's not – I don't think it'll be very comfortable."
A moment later Tony hasn't moved - has hardly dared breathe - and Steve's forehead wrinkles. "I'm not sure I'll be able to help, um, you know," he waves a vague hand at his crotch, indicating either getting hard or coming in his pants or something else Tony's unaware of. "I'm sorry. If I'm asleep, though, I mean, it might happen. I won't do anything, though, I swear I won't. If it'll make you more comfortable I can sleep in the other room tonight."
Tony laughs breathlessly. "I know that too, Steve. You don't have to try to prove it to me anymore."
To get in as much pleasure as possible for Tony before he comes, so though he wants to explore he doesn't linger, sliding down Tony's body and shuffling down the bed until he can kiss down Tony's hip to the top of his thigh.
you're my chaperone.
"I am Mister Jarvis," the man says and holds out his hand. The way he does it, and the way he grips Steve's hand and shakes, is awkward and nearly forced, but Steve doesn't have time to consider that because the next thing the man says is: "I'm Anthony's chaperone. He's waiting with our bags. If you'll please follow me, Mister Rogers."
, Steve? If I change one thing in the house, will I gradually be responsible for the upkeep of more and more of it, until I'm working on the house day and night? Do I get to change things however I want so that he can say that my choices were wrong? Laugh at me for being foolish, or say that clearly I can't do anything right so he's just going to have to make every single decision himself?
"Yes, really, you fool," Tony says, smiling for real now.
– And realizes Tony's in his arms because Tony put himself there on purpose, so no, Steve
"Tony," Steve says again, "what's wrong?"
Steve frowns. "I was never trying to
He lets go of Steve's hand but doesn't turn away. A moment later Steve hopes he doesn't sound too foolish when he says, "I'll take care of him, Mister Jarvis. I promise."
He keeps watching the doors, but no one else comes off the train. Tony's not here. All thoughts of the beautiful man are driven from his mind in sudden terror. Where's Tony? The train only stops but once a day, and this was definitely the right day (Steve's lost count of how many times he read the letter with Tony's travel information; that's no one's business but his own). One of the conductors walks past him to go to the ticket window, and Steve asks him if there are any more passengers. The man tartly informs him that there's no one else getting off at this stop and ignores Steve's thanks.
and you're throwing it back in my face –"
means he goes back up the stairs. Isn't Tony rich, though? Or, well,
I hope this letter finds you well. If there's anything in particular you'd like me to make or leave out for you to eat, please let me know. You can just leave me a note. I keep the stationary in the desk beneath the window, and I just bought some more today so there's plenty, so please help yourself. Use it for whatever you like.
He focuses desperately on the sound of Tony breathing, anything outside himself, and keeps trying to move. He can't open his eyes. It's like they're sewed shut. There's no light. He's frozen.
Your Tony
"You're glad," Tony says flatly.
It's funny: yesterday, when he was so sure sex would be painful and terrifying, he was calm and even eager - yet today, when they've already
"No, Steve," Tony says, and he still looks like he's going to cry but his voice is hard. "Say what you were going to say."
With a nod, Tony steps up to him. "I had thought we could use it for your damp clothes, but I kind of underestimated how wet you'd be. I think you should probably just stand in it to get undressed."
Is it because I'm a precious thing, Steve? A precious
Looking miserable, Tony nods.
him I'd want to take it seriously. And two, it doesn't – it really doesn't matter if it was him or not. What matters is that you don't feel safe right now, so we're going to do everything we can to change that."
to wander in as well, and after piling Steve and Tony's purchases in the dogcart the whole lot of them troop over to Frigga's. Something in Steve's stomach settles, just a little, when she smiles warm and kind, and rather than shaking Tony's hand instead cups his face in her palms and says, "Such a kind-hearted boy. And so handsome!" and Tony blushes right to the roots of his hair.
"I know it's terrible bare," Steve says, unable to keep quite but managing to stop himself from apologizing for everything from the roof right on down, "but I didn't know what you would like. I thought, I thought maybe you'd like to choose things yourself."
"Can I?" Steve asks, as though Tony can read his mind. "Can I please?"
Some time later Tony starts twitching, limbs going slightly more tense, and his breathing speeds up. Then he groans and snuffles into Steve's chest, obviously put out at being awake. Steve loves him so much he's fit to burst.
"Oh my god, Steve," Tony groans, and reaches for him. Steve goes eagerly, halfway dragging himself up the bed and halfway dragging Tony down into his arms. He isn't going to kiss Tony on the mouth, doesn't want to gross him out before he's had time to think about this, but as soon as Steve's in reach Tony wraps his arms around Steve's shoulders and kisses him, pushing his tongue past Steve's lips and groaning as he laps the taste of himself from Steve's mouth.
Tony is just so
"It's fine, Steve, really."
Trying not to stomp he marches upstairs and slides the note under Tony's door. Halfway back down the stairs he realizes that makes it sound like he'll only protect Tony if Tony confides in him, so he gets another piece of paper and writes, "I'll protect you from anything no matter what." That one goes under Tony's door too.
Tony looks at him for a little while but doesn't say anything, and Steve continues mending. A minute later Tony turns back to the desk and picks up the pen, and a moment later begins writing feverishly.
"Jarvis, he – he's brilliant, you know," Tony continues. "He could have been so much more, his life could have been so different, if it wasn't for me."
Unable to keep his eyes away, Steve darts a glance at Tony. He catches Steve's eye and exaggeratedly rolls his own, then smiles brightly at him. Steve ducks his head and hopes his face isn't so red as it feels.
"It was very brave," Steve says quietly, "to do all of that and come out here."
But that
Tony stares at him. After a few moments of silence Steve starts to worry.
Tony doesn't answer for long enough that Steve thinks he didn't hear, but then Tony says slowly, "No. I'd like - I'd like to stay. Here. To see everyone."
Tony rolls his eyes, though he does press his cheek into Steve's palm. "Steve," he says, "you don't need to - whatever it is you're doing. I - I
As soon as they get into the house Steve locks the door. "Tony," Steve says, not sure how to ask. They've been so cautious of each other lately, and things have been going well but Steve has been trying so hard to avoid anything that might upset Tony (which is difficult since he doesn't know exactly what any of that
I'll give this letter to you someday. Hopefully one day I'll be brave enough.
The ride to the house is quiet. Steve had wondered if it would be like this, or if he'd be pointing things out to Tony and telling him all about the people and the places they're passing. Fortunately they only pass one other person on the road; unfortunately that person is Clint. Steve tenses the moment he sees him heading towards them.
"All right, shoulder, come on," Tony says when he kneels to pull the pants past Steve's knees, and Steve puts his hands on Tony's shoulders while they somehow manage to get the soaking wet pants over Steve's feet without him toppling over.
I'm able to do all of this on my own, though. Well, and with help from my friends, of course, but I help them in turn. But I've managed like this on my own for years, Tony.
Mr Jarvis narrows his eyes at him, then straightens up and says, "How often does the train come?"
"Tony," Steve starts, but Tony clearly doesn't want to hear it and barrels on: "I wanted to just marry the first person who asked who wasn't Ty or Zeke. The further they were from the city the better. I'd have accepted four proposals in a month if Jarvis hadn't stopped me."
I'll ever love
They walk upstairs, Steve in front of Tony (he doesn't want Tony to think he's staring at his ass and honestly isn't sure he'd be able to help it if Tony were on the stairs in front of him, so best to just go up first himself). When the reach the top they go their separate ways, and it has
But when they ask Sif says he went up to his room after eating dinner yesterday and hasn't come out since. Steve wants to point out that just because no one saw him leave doesn't mean he's still here, but he also doesn't want to overreact just yet so he bites his tongue.
"I didn't ask for any of this," Tony says quickly, and Steve turns towards him. He's still not looking at Steve, bouncing on his feet and waving his hands, nervous about something, "and you've already given me so much, Steve,
After a little while, though, Steve kisses his way up to the outside of Tony's hip, suckling lightly at the smooth skin for a moment before resting his chin gently there and looking at Tony's face.
So many things have suddenly clicked into place in his head he's having trouble sorting through all of them, because it's like his brain wants to think every single thought at once. 'Talk to him,' Natasha said, but these last few days have proven that talking to Tony is near impossible; since the moment he met Tony, all Steve's wanted to do is write Tony
my trust - it's not that you're not trustworthy, it's that I'm distrustful.
After a moment Natasha says, "You and Tony need to learn from each other. I can't just explain everything to you. But I will tell you this, because it's very important and I think neither of you will bring it up on your own. You
. Tasha or Frigga or Clint. Anyone. They'll knock some sense into me and make sure you're safe."
"No," says Tony quietly, "no, you're right. Thinking about it all the time feels like nostalgia, but it probably isn't."
So Steve avoids Tony, and Tony doesn't exactly avoid Steve but he sure doesn't seek him out. The day after their wedding Tony stays in the house all day, and then the next day he comes down for breakfast but when Steve ducks back inside after seeing to the stock Tony's back up in his room. After that Steve doesn't see Tony at all for three days. He stays locked away in his room, and Steve only knows he ever emerges because there's food missing. He's just glad that at least Tony's eating.
"Steve," Tony says suddenly, "I need you to stop me from writing this."
That brings Steve up short. His immediate thought - of course Tony should write her, she's his mother - is quickly overtaken by the cold terror of what could happen. If anyone finds out where Tony is -
