“Let the girl out of here Loki! She has no part in this!” Thor shouted. Nova stood in front of the door, silent.
“Mmm. I wonder if Pepper made breakfast this morning,” Nova said to herself. She hopped out of the bed and made her way towards the living room/kitchen area. “Morning guys!”
“Odin please be light with them,” Frigga begged her husband. Thor looked at his father from where he was on the floor with Loki.
“We both know that’s not true,” Steve replied, getting closer to Toni. Steve put his hand on her shoulder, and Toni didn’t shrug it off. She turned around to look at the super soldier.
Toni sped up towards the portal, trying to destroy everything that came out. The Chitauri began firing back, and Toni weaved in and out of the explosions going on in the sky. She flew through a cloud of debris and hit a hovercraft. As Toni fought above, Loki stepped out on the platform in his Asgardian garb. Thor landed nearby.
Loki turned around, revealing to Odin that his skin had turned blue and eyes a blood red. As it faded, Loki asked, “What more than that? The Casket wasn’t the only thing you took from Jotunheim that day was it?” Loki began walking towards Odin.
Whilst Tony finished his current therapy session Steve took the time to call Pepper to discuss the latest developments in Tony’s treatment.  Pepper agreed to utilizing Tony’s sperm so long as their child would be the direct heir, having a few geniuses to carry on the legacy by working for the Company was a good investment.   Both agreed that they wanted no personal involvement with raising any of these children, they would pay the fees required to provide for each child and only getting involved if the child proved to have a high IQ and would be an asset to Stark Industries.
Tony allowed Steve to put him in a pull-up and another soft tracksuit with the warm thick socks the Clinic provided. Lunch turned out to be the breakfast he had missed. It was awkward and embarrassing as he fumbled with the cutlery and nearly threw up when he had his first sip of coffee.
“Such a good little cock warming slut a lovely way to wake up pet, but there is still the matter of your punishment for your disobedience last night.  I wonder what will be the best way to remind you of your place as my omega.  I will give you a choice but you need to choose wisely.
Tony couldn’t help but flinch when Steve reached out to pick him up, his angry face and blood, stained hands panicking him.  He desperately tried to get down, if he could just make it to one of the cubicle he could lock himself in and no one could get him, he was so stupid, he should have locked the door the first time.
Clint, Natasha latch on to the milk cow’s fat udders, once you get a taste of her cream you will always want it, luckily, she produces more than enough milk to serve all the pack. Tomorrow we will bring the milking machine out in the lounge so that we can all watch her udders being pumped empty only to start filling once again as the day progresses.
Even he was beginning to worry at how quiet Hydra and AIM had become recently. Coulson was the only one happy as it meant that the backlog of mission reports had finally been cleared by the Avengers, hence the amount of paperwork on his desk, as the Director he had to review and sign off on every one of them.  Coulson still would not tell him why he or Hill were not able to, for God sake they were his second in commands surely he could delegate at least the Avengers mission reports to Coulson as he was their Handler.
“Loki is manipulating you,” she said next. Nova looked over towards Thor with a worried gaze, then over to her mom with the same look.
“No, we didn’t. But since you decided to take it upon yourself to tell the girl about her father, I figured she could read it,” Fury said, throwing the occupied folder towards Nova.
“Oh, he got in the elevator with me! I told him it was okay if he came up,” Nova said stepping out of the elevator next. Toni turned back around and threw her hands up.
“Can I talk to him, mom? Alone?” Nova asked, straightening herself out. Thor looked to Toni, his eyes pleading her to say yes.
“We were raised together Loki. We played together. For the Nine’s sakes we had a child together! Do you remember none of that?” Thor asked. Loki shoved Thor away from him.
Rhodey was something else, even though she had only seen him a couple of times. Nova told Rhodey he needed to let loose more, which resulted in a fit of laughter from Toni. The next time they saw each other, he was much more relaxed.
“I remember telling my dad that once. He told me that if it was so easy, why hadn’t I just left for college yet. I graduated from high school a couple of months later and left for college,” Toni replied.
“Its great! I just can’t help but feel responsible for every problem she has had today. Hell, just in the years I’ve had her,” Toni said walking away from Steve.
“Well that just made things a whole lot more interesting,” Bruce commented. Toni threw him a look from across the room.
“Oh... okay. Well thank you for letting me help. Would I be able to come by again later to help again?” Nova asked the scientist.
“I guess you are right. And Thor, please, we do not know if the child is male or female, why do you refer to the child as ‘she?” Loki sighed.
The pushing lasted more than two hours before the nurse finally said, “Lady Loki you are starting to crown! Only a few more pushes and you shall be done!”
Phil and Fury sat in the small conference room, waiting for Toni and Nova to show up. The two were already 45 minutes late ,and Fury was becoming impatient, as usual.
When the two got out of the crowd of reporters, Nova ran to get into the car. Pepper hugged her as soon as Nova got in.
“Toni, she will be fine, stop worrying. Thor’s missing too; I’m sure Nova is with him,” Natasha replied. “You should’ve left her with Pepper; I’m sure she would’ve taken Nova with her. That was your first mistake in all of this.”
,” Bruce said. Everyone went silent. “I got low, okay? I didn’t see an end so I put a bullet in my mouth, but the other guy
“But those were just the previews, tonight is opening night! He’s a full on diva; he wants the flowers and parades. He wants a monument built to the skies with his name plastered—Son of a bitch!” Toni shouted. The two fled the room, Toni to fix her suit and Steve to round everyone up.
“Well, performance issues? That sucks,” Toni said. Loki grabbed Toni by the throat and threw her across the room. “Jarvis, anytime now.”
“I understand... I just wish you would have done something. You were obviously just on Earth; did it not occur to you that I would be somewhere here?” Nova asked.
“Just take the win. We can take it as it comes,” Toni replied. “I gotta say, you look great for your age. How do you do it? Pilates? Yoga perhaps?”
“Pepper… is Toni gonna be there?” Nova asked. Pepper noticed Nova saying ‘Toni’ instead of ‘mom’ and sighed.
It sparked good and bad press, but Toni honestly didn’t care what anyone else thought. Toni knew she’d make a damn good mother, and so did Nova.
“Hmm. I’m not sure off hand what that could be. Toni, if I’m being honest with you that doesn’t entirely sound… human,” Dr. Cho said slowly.
I won't put how many chapters I plan to have left because I'm not even sure. I'm going to guess around 16-17 chapters for the whole thing.
“Oh my god. I’m sorry. Now change my hair back!” Pepper exclaimed. Nova raised an eyebrow and motioned for Pepper to say more. “ Ugh. Please.”
“Pepper what’s going on?” Nova asked. Pepper only looked at her, mouth slightly ajar, and shook her head. After Rhodey and drones saluted the audience, a loud noise came from outside. Off in the distance, a flying metal suit was racing towards the Expo.
“Would I be able to do some tests on it? Just to see what it might be?” Toni asked. Nova only nodded her head. “Perfect. Now let's get a move on sista’, we’ve got a full agenda ahead of us.”
“Mom!” Nova said excitedly. Pepper turned around to look as well, and shook her head once more. When Toni entered the Expo, she was greeted with applause.
Nova nodded, “When this is all over, and we save him, I’m gonna take a visit to Asgard. See what I didn’t get, maybe have a few choice words with the big man himself.”
“Not sure on Bruce. I think he said something about going to a hotel to stay in away from the city. Steve went to his apartment,” Toni said. She looked over to the Trickster, “Sounds like Fury is bringing an armored vehicle in for you. You get to spend a couple of weeks at S.H.I.E.L.D.”
“I’m leaving before you try to do anything else to me,” Pepper said, throwing her hands up in the air dramatically. As the woman turned to walk away, a paper sign reading ‘
“Lady Loki, if you do not push now, the child could die,” the nurse replied back. After Loki heard that, she sat up and looked at Thor.
Nova put her hand around Mjolnir’s handle, and Thor stopped speaking. The girl gracefully picked the hammer up and tossed it to her other hand. She looked at Thor’s expression and said, “Must not be normal to see someone else holding this? If I can do this, I’m sure Odin will listen to me then.”
“For?” Nova asked. Toni tapped the arc reactor. Nova suddenly got excited, “Are you serious? Oh my God!”
“I am sorry, Thor. There is no fixing what I have done. I love you,” Loki said and let go of the staff.
Everything seemed to be okay, up until Nova collapsed on the floor with a shout of pain. Fury decided it would be best to reveal himself then.
“Ah, Helen, I am so glad you could make it. Nobody knows what’s going on with Nova. She wakes up with these bruises, or she’ll wake up screaming in the night because it feels like she’s dying. I really need your help,” Toni said as Dr. Helen Cho followed Toni into the house.
“He just needs to give up the cube, then he’s all yours. Until then, stay the hell out of the way,” Toni replied and lowered her faceplate
“I’m not blaming you for this. I just wanted to know what the hell was going on. Your eyes shined green for a second back there. Does that mean anything?”
“I knew guys that had none of that that are worth ten of you. I’ve seen your footage, and you aren’t one to make the sacrifice play, to lay down the wire and let the other guy crawl over you.”
“Oh, I’ve been told plenty,” Phil replied before shutting the door. He took his phone out to call someone. “Sir, I’ve let her know. It probably won’t be too long before she calls Stark. Am I reporting to you now?”
After Toni brought Nova to Fury at the beginning of June, the scientists began running test after test on the girl. Toni absolutely hated seeing Nova being treated like a lab rat, but Nova knew it needed to be done. There had been three outbursts since she had gotten there. It was mainly because Nova would get angry about something, and the anger would fuel whatever was inside of her. The agents, specifically Fury, Natasha, and Phil, were keeping her out of the loop of what was going on. But the worst thing about all of it, Toni was keeping it all from her, too.
“So, what you telling me is, Stark knew for months that you weren’t human,” Fury then asked. Nova nodded. “Jesus Christ.”
Actually for your information, she does not control me. No one does, not even Pepper. Even if she didn’t have powers I still would’ve told her because that’s what a good mom does. You can leave now,” Toni said flipping her hood back down to continue welding.
“Yeah, we are good here... Bruce we’re good right?” Natasha asked. Bruce continued to groan in pain.
“You should know my name. You are the one that gave it to me and all,” Nova said, seemingly calm. She was secretly freaking out, but she couldn’t let Loki see that. Loki took a step back and looked up towards Thor. Nova noticed for a moment that Loki’s eyes changed from blue to green then back to blue. He had had a moment of weakness.
“You have not been in Asgard since you were a babe, so it is understandable,” Thor replied. He put a hand on Nova’s shoulder.
Everyone stopped arguing and sat back down. The rest of the meal was eaten in silence. After everyone was finished, Nova picked up the extra wrap and walked outside towards Loki.
the older woman said. She brought the young woman in front of a mirror. Her black hair was already messy, and her striking green eyes were growing tired. Nova gasped at the sight of the woman and the image disappeared. Toni stood up and came up behind Nova.
“I don’t know Toni. She’s your kid,” Pepper said, standing up to leave the room. Toni looked back over to Nova, who was currently making herself toast.
“Are you sure you will need this many? This should only be about two or three days,” Phil informed her
“Yeah… She’s always been like that since I can remember, which is pretty much everything,” Nova replied, plopping down on the couch in the study. Toni sat across from her in a chair. “Miss Stark, can I ask you a question?”
“Hey kiddo. I’m so sorry for not giving you a better two years. I guess I’ve got a lot of baggage,” Toni said. Tears came down her face.
“That one is for the mother,” Phil responded. “We don’t have anything on her yet. We know Nova is not at all human, so there won’t be anyone here that will match her DNA. However, if you open the other folder, there is information in there.”
“Oh whatever,” Pepper said with an exasperated sigh. Happy started the engine and the group took off for the Expo.
“Oh, fine. You aren’t much fun to play with,” Nova sighed. The teen snapped her fingers, and Pepper’s hair was back to normal.
“For my sake I hope so, too,” Clint said, walking past the trio towards a black car. Natasha wasn’t too far behind him.
,” Loki’s words came out like venom, “I don’t have much of a choice.” Loki moved towards the control panel and lifted a cover. Out of nowhere, Phil appeared with what looked like a Phase Two weapon.
“I need a minute, here!” Steve said, trying to climb his way back to the lever from where he was hanging off of.
“Well, honey, it’ll be okay. And you can call me Toni if you want,” The woman said with a smile. “Nova I have a very big question to ask you.”
Nova propelled her way over to the group, “I’ve been meaning to try this for a while...” Nova mustered up some energy in her hands and hit the ground towards the Chitauri. Each alien fell to the ground dead, and Nova celebrated. She continued her own little battles by herself.
Nova chose the perfect time to walk back into the room, “I told you, five minutes was all it took. I even washed my hair.” When she looked up from the floor she was greeted by Thor. “Mom, what’s going on?”
Next was giving Pepper the CEO spot of Stark Industries. And it wasn’t like something was wrong with Pepper, she was great, but it just fueled Nova’s suspicions even more.
. I got better and wanted to help others get better, and you had to drag me back into this shit show. You are putting everyone at risk having me on this ship! You want to know how I stay calm Agent Romanov? Want to know my secret?”
“Oh come dear, you know you love it,” Thor said, giving Loki a big kiss on the cheek. “What kind of books did mother bring in this time?”
“You mean like you? You’re just a laboratory experiment. Everything special abut you came out of a bottle, you star spangled
“And risk you escaping? I don’t think so,” Loki said. He looked down at Nova, “I know you, but who are you?”
The two looked for names for the next half hour. Thor named off many names, but Loki shot down all of them.
“Phil, I don’t know if anyone has ever told you this, but you aren’t very good with emotions,” Nova laughed. Phil gave her a smile.
“Oh, it is so on, girl,” Toni said. Nova was up in an instant and the two began running around the unfinished tower.
“That does not give him the right to disrespect any of us. He’s acting like a teenager on her period for Christ’s sake,” Toni said. She helped Nova out of the room, and the two left the facility.
“He is correct, we only have about two minutes,” Selvig said next. Loki looked at Clint and nodded his head towards Fury. Clint drew his gun and quickly shot Fury; the older man dropped the briefcase and fell to the ground. Loki and his new henchmen made their way out, grabbing the case before leaving.
“I’m sure you two will figure something out. Remember my conditions,” Toni said, pointing at Thor. A motorcycle pulled up behind Toni’s convertible, and Steve stepped off of it.
“I am Fury to you, nothing else. Both of you sit,” Fury said. Toni and Nova listened, and sat at the big conference table; Fury grabbed two folders familiar to Toni.
Nova screamed in pain, and thank god Pepper and her mother weren’t home. She moved her shirt to reveal her right shoulder, where three bullet looking holes appeared.
“You should start with that stick of his. It looks like a H.Y.D.R.A. weapon to me,” Steve pointed out.
As Fury walked away from the fuming woman, she decided to jab at him one last time, “Hope the door hits you on your way out!”
Oh, this is an extra long chapter. Couldn't figure out a good spot to stop. I hope you enjoy this chapter!
“What do you mean-” Pepper started saying before her voice was completely drowned by the sounds of gunshots. Next thing Nova knew, Toni was flying out of the Expo with Rhodey and the drones following her. Natasha covered Nova from the falling glass as the two and Pepper tried to get backstage.
Toni stood next to Rhodey, and from what Nova could tell from, they were talking. When Toni approached Hammer, Nova said, “Pepper, something’s wrong.”
“Of course. Thank you so much mother. I cannot express how much this means to me,” Loki said, giving her mother a light kiss. She then made her way out of the room.
,” Nova responded. The girl hung up the phone, and Toni sighed a breath of relief. She almost wanted to cry again for thinking Nova wasn’t okay.
“Why the hell did your arm turn blue, and why is it that your bloodwork comes back saying you aren’t human. That’s what I mean,” Fury was standing now, making his way towards Nova. She shrunk down a little into the bed. “Either you gotta tell me, or I’m gonna have to call Stark.”
“So, you lied to me? What the hell? Why didn’t anyone tell me where you really were?” Toni asked, throwing her hands up.
“Hmm… I wonder,” Nova stopped writing. She drew her seidr out and surrounded the necklace with it. Loki never explained to her how to retrieve the messages; he just said to use her seidr. She concentrated hard, focusing all of her attention to it. Within a few seconds, a small yellow light escaped the necklace. Nova stopped and watched as the light began spinning in a circle, creating a visual and audio message.
“Have care how you speak, human. Loki is beyond reason, but he is of Asgard, and he is my.. brother,” Thor said. Bruce caught the hesitation in his voice at the end and he raised an eyebrow at the God of Thunder.
“Darling, we may not be able to give our child all of our love, but we can at least give her a name out of love,” Thor replied, taking Loki’s hand in his.
had been a conversation. Then, it was meeting Pepper; he hadn’t even been able to introduce himself before he had gotten smacked by the red head. She had mistaken him for Loki. When they got back to the tower, it had been the small things. Thor still didn’t quite understand why is
Wow, I'm so sorry I didn't get this out any sooner! I decided stay at my parents' house over the weekend, and it got super hectic.
Loki and Steve battled outside in front of the building while Natasha was in the Quinjet trying to get a shot at Loki.
It took quite a bit of convincing to get Rosalinda to start the adoption process. And of course, because of who Toni was, it didn’t take as long as it normally would to adopt someone; it also attracted the attention of the media. And Toni also wasn’t lying when she said she would stay at the orphanage until Nova was hers. The story became one of the biggest headlines in New York City:
“What the hell am I supposed to do then?” Nova shouted into the air. She looked over into the distance to see a herd of Chitauri. “Hmm...”
“Really, Nova? You were in there for maybe fifteen minutes,” Natasha said after turning a corner. A man was with her, and judging from the amazed look on Nova’s face, she knew exactly who he was.
,” Steve said solemnly. Toni noticed he said her name; It had been the third time today. She’d have to give him hell for it, if she ever got the chance.
“Did you say green eyes?” Toni asked. Nova nodded. “Nova, before you passed out, Helen said your eyes turned bright green. Honey, that has got to be your birth father. Alright, here is what we are gonna do; let’s go out and get some ice cream.”
“Father we didn’t mean for this to happen. I… I had gone out to drink some and Loki came along and had some as well. He wanted to show me something new he had learned from his books. Father, we really did not intend for this,” Thor said. Loki sniffled beside him.
When the dust started to lift, Toni stopped. There was a greenish light coming from within the dust.
Frigga had also been given the task of telling Loki and Thor that they would not be able to leave this section of the castle at all during their stay. They were to have all of their meals brought to them. They were allowed visitors, such as Thor’s friends and Frigga herself.
“Two maintenance guys helped her out before Bruce lost control. I’m not sure where she went from there. Is everything okay?” Natasha asked.
“Oh Pepper. You really need to start giving yourself credit for this stuff! This tower is your baby! Just give yourself twelve percent of the credit. At least,” Toni said.
Thor looked almost as shocked as Toni was, and when he was about to say something, Nova spoke up first. “So, let’s start from the beginning then, shall we?”
“You tampering with the Tesseract is what drew Loki here in the first place; he craves power. It sent out a signal to all of the realms that Earth is ready for a higher form of war,” Thor replied.
,” a female’s voice rang out. It was Loki, Nova realized. This had to have been right after she was taken. “
“They are focusing on the mechanics. Iridium is what they need, but I don’t know what for,” Bruce said next.
Then all hell broke loose. Nova couldn’t seem to get away from the yelling. First, they were ganging up on Toni for how she come to fame, then Thor decided to start throwing insults at everyone else in the room, save Nova of course. Nova had no idea what to do; she sure as hell wasn’t going to use her magic to stop them or she’d be grounded for life. Nova looked around the room at everyone when the scepter caught her eye. It was starting to glow and no one had noticed it yet.
Over the next day, Nova had already gotten used to her room at the S.H.I.E.L.D. base. She was reading one of her favorite books,
Pepper was about to protest, but Toni stopped her. “It’ll be fine Pepper. She’ll be fine with me. She’s fourteen, she will be okay, promise. Just go ahead.”
“Yeah, probably. You totally should have seen it the other night. I kicked your mom’s ass,” Rhodey joked. He made sure to say it loud enough for Toni to hear.
“Phil is actually a really nice guy, but your mom doesn’t seem to like too many people,” Natasha said.
“Loki, brother of Thor?” Selvig asked. Loki turned around and stalked towards the scientist. He then turned Selvig and looked at Fury.
“Too sappy for you?” Nova said. She walked to the front of the car and pulled Toni into a tight hug. “I’m going to miss you.”
"You know, it all makes sense now. Why you favored Thor all those years ago before we coupled. No matter how much you claimed to love me, you couldn't ever have a Frost Giant sitting on the Throne of Asgard! That is the real reason you took our daughter away from us!" Loki exclaimed. Loki was now up in Odin’s face, but before Loki could register what was going on, Odin was falling to the ground. He had fallen into Odinsleep. Loki stared for a couple of moments before calling for help. As the guards arrived, Loki took a seat of the steps to the vault, and shed a few tears.
Toni called Natasha and asked her to take Nova to the Helicarrier, as she had updates to do to her suit. Natasha stuck the teen in a room and told her to stay until someone came out to get her.
“Hey, wait a minute!” Steve shouted, but it was too late. Nova had already galivanted off towards the tower.
going on,” Nova said. A few moments later, and armored vehicle pulled up along with a few black cars pulled up. Erik Selvig exited one of the cars, a briefcase in one hand and a container in the other, and he walked towards the group. An agent walked behind him with a few more tools. Bruce met him, and they began transferring the Tesseract into the container from the briefcase. Other agents went to the armored vehicle to retrieve Loki; when he stepped out, Nova noticed they had put what looked like a muzzle on him. Out of the corner of her eye, Nova could see Natasha and Clint making jokes to each other. Thor met the agents halfway to get Loki, said a few words, and the muzzle came off. Thor brought Loki to where Nova was.
“Say Fury, what’s this look like to you?” Toni asked, moving her screen to show a missile plan. “Why lie when you know we have proof?”
“Sir, please put down the spear!” Fury shouts. The man’s grin grew, and he fired a blast towards the people. Clint moved Fury out of the way before they could get hit. The other guards in the room began firing their weapons onto the man, but he just came back with more energy shots from his spear. Clint moved to try to stop him, but the man grabbed him first.
Nova sat on her bed writing down some things she wanted to do while in Asgard, if she had the chance. Thor was off galivanting New York, and Toni was with Pepper and Steve at the tower. She was also brainstorming ways to get Loki out of the mess he was currently in, but Nova didn’t know exactly what she was up against. She had never met Odin, but she knew he was powerful and cruel. As Nova wrote on her notebook, she fiddled with her necklace.
“Either you get out, or I will blast you out. You have ten seconds. Jarvis, get him out of here,” Toni said with more attitude.
“Well, you see, I had heard a little about you over the last couple of weeks. I’ve been in New York, just on some business. I was listening to the news and I heard something about an  extraordinary young girl. That girl was you. After I saw that picture of you on the TV, I knew I wanted to look after you. You remind me a lot of myself when I was your age, and I want to make sure you have a great life,” Toni replied. Towards the end of her reply, Nova had started to tear up a little.
“Oh okay. Well it’s nice to meet you. I’m Steve Rogers,” Steve said, holding his hand out. Nova shook it.
It all started at the hearing. She didn’t get to actually attend it because, well, she was still a kid, but from what was on the news, Nova could tell Toni was acting differently. It wasn’t unusual for Toni to embarrass others for their, in Toni’s words, ‘lack of intelligence’, but she almost went overboard with it.
“I will not keep you apart these next six and one half months apart, but after the birth, this shall never happen again. Loki will return back to his male body and shall stay as such for the rest of his life,” Odin also declared.
“Let’s go watch some cartoons or something. That’s what most twelve year old kids do right?” Toni asked.
Speaking of Nova, she was currently almost done with her senior year. The girl wasn’t joking when she told Toni she was going to be done fast. Nova was set to graduate in mid-December. She was extremely proud of her daughter; especially when she knew she was doing great in school.
“My mother never told us where she was going to take you. We had no way of finding out. I am sorry, Nova,” Thor responded sadly.
“Of course I do! I would never, ever give you up. I will die before any of that happens. Now let’s get going,” Toni said, helping Nova off the bed.
So, while Thor and Nova got their little reunion, Loki and Nova's wasn't that great. I rewrote this chapter few times, but when I started thinking about it, Loki was being controlled. Obviously Nova is his weakness and it shows, but it wasn't enough to break the spell on him... yet. But don't worry, they will get a real one.
“I don’t see how that’s a party?” Natasha said. Toni landed between Steve and Nova while Bruce walked towards the Leviathan.
“Yeah, I’m okay mom. Are you okay?” Nova asked. Toni looked down a little. “Mom. I already know. I’ve known since Monaco.”
“Stark, let them talk, because I need to talk to you and Banner,” Steve said. Toni sighed in defeat.
Nova sat on her bed, reading one of her school textbooks. Nova was not the average twelve year old; she excelled greatly in school and was actually three years ahead of the rest of the kids her age. This did cause some bullying in school and at the orphanage, but Nova tended to take it like a champ. She had made some friends while living there, Nova had been there since she was a baby. Some of her friends did get adopted, or they were moved to a different orphanage due to overcrowding, but her best friend April stuck to her side every step of the way.
“You need to learn your place here Stark; you understand me? I do not take order from anyone, especially
“Shh, shh, shh… It’s gonna be alright,” Toni soothed. She took a look at Pepper, then a look at Nova. That’s when Toni caught sight of Nova’s necklace and remembered a conversation Toni had with Nova at the orphanage.
“Yeah, sure is. But I’m having a few surgeries to remove the last of the metal so I can take it out permanently,” Toni said.
“One for me one for him,” Nova said, throwing her thumb back towards where Loki was sitting outside. Clint mumbled something under his breath. “What did you just say?”
“Phil is a really nice guy. I don’t know why you don’t like him,” Nova said. She began munching on her toast halfway through her sentence, so most of what she said was lost to Toni.
“I will bring you somewhere safe, as it is not safe there anymore. Where can I take you?” Thor asked. Nova became visibly upset at that.
“I could have done it father! I could have done it!” Loki cried out, a hurt expression was written all over his face. “For you! For all of us.”
“Genius remember? I’m so sorry, Nova. You’ll be okay. I love—” Toni went through the portal, and the line went dead.
“I’m telling you mom, I’m going to go into next year as a senior. Just you wait and see. Half of the sophomore credits I have to take are super easy, and the junior credits aren’t that much different,” Nova said confidently.
No it’s okay Pepper. I just wanted to talk to you,” Nova said. She had to keep it cool, Pepper still thought she was at a friend’s house.
“Pep, she called me mom…” Toni said to which Pepper gave a sad smile. Toni sighed again. Maybe a party would help relieve some stress.
“Stop!” Odin yelled from across the vault. Loki had his back to him, all while holding the Casket of Ancient Winters.
“Hey, Pep, can I talk to you outside?” Toni asked. Pepper stood up, said a few things to Nova, and followed Toni out.
Thor got up after Frigga left and went to lay with Loki until she woke up. How long would these next few months actually be?
“Even if I were to clear the rotors, it won’t re-engage without a jump start... so I’m gonna have to get in there and push,” Toni said.
And while she only had one friend back in New York, Nova had quite a few friends in California. They weren’t just fake friends either; Nova had an eye for spotting the fakes.
“Alright then, I am taking you to a friend of mine, you might already know him. His name is Phil Coulson,” Natasha said.
Toni looked over to where Phil had died, then the hole where his daughter went down, “He made it personal.”
“I... he... this man doesn’t look familiar at all,” Nova muttered. She read silently until she got to his title. “’God of Thunder’. I don’t think I can control the thunder?”
“The Tesseract belongs on Asgard, no human is a match for it,” Thor said. Toni turned once more to leave the room and Steve grabbed her.
“Peter! Peter where are you?” Nova could hear the woman shouting. Peter let go of Nova’s hand and started running towards the woman.
The two walked over to the small group that had already formed by a water fountain. Thor turned to look towards his daughter.
“Oh, I’ve had it since I was a baby. That’s how they knew my name. It kinda weird, though,” Nova remarked.
When Justin Hammer announced his Hammer drones, and that Rhodey was the leader, Pepper really started to freak out. Rhodey was currently in the Mark II suit he took from Toni.
“I know where they are, just follow me,” Nova commented. She shot herself up into the air just above Bruce, and then went forward to the others. Bruce shook his head and followed.
“Loki darling, it shall be over soon, I promise,” Thor said, gently petting Loki’s head. Loki screamed in pain.
The two started a bickering match, and neither of them noticed the door opened. Bruce, however, did notice it and saw Nova standing outside. Bruce coughed a little and motioned towards the door. The two looked towards the door, and Steve made his way out but not before saying, “Just find the Cube, Stark.”
“Hi, Nova, I am Doctor Helen Cho. I’m a really good friend of Toni’s. Can you explain to me what’s been going on so I can try to piece everything together?” Dr. Cho said, sitting on the edge of Nova’s bed. Nova repeated what Toni had already told Dr. Cho. “Well, I am going to have to draw some blood to find out what exactly is going on okay?” Nova nodded.
“Ugh,” Toni said and picked her phone up, “You have reached the Life Model Decoy of Natasha Antonietta Stark. Leave a message after the beep.”
“You know, it isn’t very ladylike to talk with your mouth full,” Toni said. Nova stuck her tongue out towards Toni. “You’re such a little shithead.”
“I said he doesn’t deserve food. Let him starve, that’s what he deserves,” Clint said, taking another bite.
“No!” Toni roared, landing on the ground. She began running in the direction where Nova was. “No, no, no!”
“Of course! I would never lie to you about something this important. Did something happen?” Toni asked, cocking her head a little.
okay to break glasses and dishes when he wanted more of something. Nova tried explaining, but Toni had had enough of it and made him use paper plates and Styrofoam cups.
“While you are a lovely woman, Woman of Iron, I have never bedded you. I would have remembered surely,” Thor said. Steve walked back into the room.
Okay guys, first and foremost, I just want to apologize on how long it took me to get this chapter out. I'm a college student, so my homework sadly has to come first, and lately I've been getting a whole lot of it.I have also been sick the last few weeks, so that hasn't been all that great. This chapter is also over 1000 words, but it really doesn't seem like it while putting it all the chapter text box here. Again, sorry for the wait on this chapter, and I will try to have the next one out soon!
Nova was currently on a Stark laptop at the kitchen island, while Toni was on the other side of the island eating an omelette.
“Nova. You were fast asleep when I found it. Thor… would you like to hold her before mother comes to take her?” Loki asked. Thor looked at her fondly and nodded slightly. “Make sure you support her head you oaf.”
“Do not promise me things that you cannot keep Thor Odinson! Get this child out of me!” Loki yelled, voice full of anger.
Down below, Nova and Natasha groaned as they sat up, but Bruce’s groans were longer and getting deeper.
“Yeah, that part was weird. Thor said they always knew they weren’t brothers. But Loki didn’t know about his parentage until, like, two years ago. He just knew Odin and Frigga weren’t really his parents,” Nova said. She and Toni shared a look.
“Pretty bad plan if you ask me. When they come, and they will, they are gonna come for you,” Toni smirked.
“She is half of what he is. We don’t even know her complete parentage. A town was flattened because someone had a grudge against him. We are not alone in this universe, and we are hopelessly and hilariously out-gunned.” Nova gave Thor a panicked look when Fury mentioned her parentage.
“I can’t believe you just said that. How in the world could I forget you? You are my mom. I will never forget you,” Nova said, teary eyed. Toni’s eyes got a little watery.
“What?” Nova said. She looked at her arms. They were bright blue like they had been the other night. Nova then ran to the bathroom; she made it just in time to see the blue fade from her face. Toni wasn’t far behind her. “I’m actually an alien… what the hell?”
When she made it outside, all there was, was chaos. Nova ran towards the crowd of people; the Hammer drones were everywhere. Nova looked out into the crowd and saw a boy all by himself. He had a mask that looked just like Toni’s Iron Man helmet. A hammer drone was coming up on the kid. Nova started running in the boy’s direction when she saw him put his hand up. That’s when Nova then saw Toni land behind the kid and shoot the drone down. She heard Toni say something but wasn’t able to make out what she said; Toni flew away after that, Rhodey and the rest of the drones following her.
“Honestly? I have no clue. Pep, I thought I lost her. I have to make my suits faster,” Toni replied.
“‘God of Thunder’. Maybe that’s where her magical abilities come from? I don’t know boys. Does that mean the other man she’s seeing is bad?” Toni asked.
With that, Rosalinda was gone, dragging April along with her. Nova breathed a sigh of relief when she was gone.
“Yes, I know, Pep. But on an even more serious note, when did you dye your hair, I absolutely love the new color,” Toni replied with a smirk; the genius looked over towards Nova and winked.
“Nova, your necklace. It’s broken,” Toni said. Nova felt at her neck and felt that the necklace had split into two.
“I found out when we were in Monaco. She thought I was sleeping and got up to check her blood. She told Jarvis to be quiet so I wouldn’t wake up, but I was already. I heard him say her blood toxicity level was thirty two percent. I pretended to be asleep until mom came to wake me. Right before mom, Pepper, Happy and Natasha left, I gave her a hug. I saw the black marks peek out from under her shirt,” Nova explained. Phil was astonished. “I’ve known something was wrong for months. I just didn’t know what it was until Monaco.”
“Does she get this from her mom or something? She has so much sass it is unnecessary,” Toni asked. Thor joined the group, and Steve had disappeared again.
“I could sure try, Nat, but I don’t think it will go very far,” Nova laughed. Suddenly, there was a bolt of lightning, and thunder in the air. Thor landed nearby.
“Shut up Stark. You weren’t even supposed to be in this. Somehow you always weasel your way into everything. News flash, you just aren’t that great of a person,” Clint snapped.
“Excuse me?” Pepper asked, looking back and forth between the two in front of her. Pepper grabbed a strand of her hair to see it was a bright blue. The woman shrieked and threw a glare in Nova’s direction. “Nova! Change it back!”
“However, after the child is born, it will be taken to one of the other realms to live its life. You two will not be allowed to see or hold the child after its birth,” Odin said monotonous. Loki screamed out in sorrow and her knees gave way. Thor, who still had a hold of her, held Loki up as she cried; he had started crying as well. Frigga stood in the same place as silent tears streamed down her face.
“These following months are going to be hard on the both of you. Loki will be going through some changes, both physically and emotionally. She is going to need you to be there for her. Promise me you will be there for her,” Frigga said.
“Oh,” a moment of silence, “You are a genius, so it doesn’t surprise me. Thank you for not saying anything, even if you didn’t have control at that time. If Fury had found out, he probably would’ve kicked me off the Helicarrier.”
“You love it. Anyway, I am redesigning the tower. Hopefully when you get back, it’ll be the Avengers Tower. And I have some doctor’s appointments coming up.”
The following day Tony cried as the Captain forced him to sit on his knot whilst they watched Raider mount a terrified Peter, he hated that Bruce and Banner were so cold and calculating about his chances of being bred with a still immature womb. He hissed as Alpha pinched his fat nubs, still not used to being flat chested, he had spat at his Alpha when told that Peggy would be living in the Nursery with all the other pups and that Sarah was going to be tutored  the Bruces and Professor Hulk and that she had been given her own room and requested that Tony respect that she was an alpha pup and her dam’s better.
“Naughty bitch! You don’t get to cum unless l allow it. Such a shame, you were doing so well up until now.  Bruce l think Pepper needs to be reminded that her cunt and clit belongs to her Pack Alpha, do you have a tow rope in your car?
Inch by agonizing inch his hole was stretched and filled, the pain had him orgasming continuously, his poor little cock was dry, every time the monster touched it, he screamed, the skin beyond sensitive.   Finally, he felt the alien’s balls slap against his behind, looking along the length of his body could see the bulge of the monster cock invading his stomach.  What followed had him floating on a cloud of bliss, the monster didn’t care about anything but pounding his cunt, his body being shoved repeatedly up the bed until he was hanging off the mattress, hands held his head as another cock was fed into his mouth cutting off his screams. His world narrowed to the cocks fucking both his holes, the burn and stretch, the agonizing drag of the beast’s cock across his prostrate, his throat filled with the captain’s cock, gasping for breath and pleading with his eyes for some relief.  None was given, each orgasm sank him further into a state of bliss, his body and mind floating.  He was vaguely aware of swallowing thick strands of cum, followed by the roar of the monster and warmth flooding his insides.
The Gala proved to be more entertaining than he had thought as Bruce had decided to come and his pithy remarks about the other guests made him smile and the hand on his thigh under the table relaxed him when General Ross kept staring at Tony and making suggestive remarks.
Did she get to see Dr Cho when she was at the clinic? Yes, well Pepper that is what will happen if you carry on being a disrespectful and aggressive Beta alpha.
I would like to thank each and everyone of you for your kind donations to this Charity Gala, and now if l can direct your attention to the dais we will begin.
“What the hell do you think you are doing, you are an ungrateful, disrespectful omega. How dare you try to escape and run back to that Alpha! He is a sadistic, manipulative bastard!  You should be thanking us for getting you away from him.
Steve who had disappeared into the bathroom came back washed and dressed in low slung jogging bottoms, hands covered in surgical rubber gloves carrying his piercing kit.   Bucky had moved to sit behind Tony so that he could hold Tony’s legs wide apart giving Steve access to his cock.
Tony was practically vibrating with anger, on trying to reach over to the bed side table to find his phone he found his way blocked by the large muscular chest and crossed arms of a frowning Steve Rogers.
“Shhhh, omegas should be seen and not heard, now let’s get you ready for your doctor’s appointment, Professor Hulk dislikes tardiness and Dr Banner needs time to settle back in before he performs your docking.”
May shuddered as she felt the beginning wave of yet another orgasm, she stared at Bruce’s cold hard face, there was no emotion, no sign that he cared for her, no softness of expression that had always been on Ben’s face when he looked at her.
Tony’s sigh of relief as both knots started to deflate and his Alphas pulled out change to a muffled howl as both cocks slammed back in in unison, filling him up and knotting him once again.  Alpha Winter’s metal fingers jabbed up past his swollen pussy lips as Alpha Steve’s callused thumb and finger pinched his throbbing clit. His body seized as his orgasm ripped through him, limbs spasming, white flashes glittered under his closed eyelids before his eyes rolled back and unconsciousness claimed him.
When he presented as an Alpha at sixteen, he promised himself that he would live up to Steve Rogers memory, he would be just like Cap, he would make his father proud.
Steve gave Tony a quick enema then quickly dried him off and put him in a diaper and onesie even though he knew he was not in his little headspace; the soft fabric of the onesie would feel better on aching limbs. Climbing onto the bed he settled Tony on his lap and placed a bottle against his lips.
He toyed with Stevie’s nipples until his little bitch was mewling and whimpering, then he sat back hauling Stevie’s hips up on to his thighs, giving him the perfect angle to punch his cock into his omega’s unprepared, virgin hole.
“Good morning little bitch, it seems you need a lesson in hard work, to appreciate all that l have given you.
Bruce grabbed his hair and hauled him onto the chair, forcing his legs over the arms, using thin lengths of rope he quickly secured his legs and then tied his arms up and over the back of the chair. The vibrator in his pussy was thrown to the floor.
“ Well don’t you look a sight, this harness really shows of your melons and huge belly, now Sir left orders for your holes to be left empty as you are going to be the Avengers cum dump in exchange for him getting his hands on Stark or Loki.”
“Good evening Alpha Rogers please take a seat, your omega bitch can stay with you or be leashed in the playroom to await initiation the choice is yours.
“NO! NO!  Bad Daisy, you not making the right noise for my milk cow, not going to tell you again, be good little cow or else Hulk give you a spanking!
Warning if you do not feel comfortable with corporal punishment and dubiously consensual blow jobs do not read this chapter.
“Bruce you say his skeletal structure will be recalibrated during phase 2, does this mean that if you removed a longer length of bone our omega’s height could be further reduced without any detriment to his health?”
Steve was worn out and stressed, already tired from restructuring and running the New Avengers and attending endless galas and functions.  Then Tony had gone into heat and for five days Steve had fucked and knotted him continuously, sure that he would impregnate his omega, he had been angry and frustrated when Tony’s heat had broken, and there were no pups in his belly.
Dr Strange who had remained quiet during the who conversation could see that the Captain had further questions and could guess what they would be from the puzzled face he had pulled at the mention of A/B/O societies.  Time to give a shortened summary so that they could give the Captain the option of a certain enhancement to part of his own body.
He must had fallen asleep as he woke up to see Steve sitting beside his bed reading and sipping from a large travel cup of coffee with another sitting on the bedside table.
“Ms Potts you have been told what you have to do, questioning and stepping away from your Alpha is two marks against you, for which you will be punished.
All these behaviour patterns had had screamed out to him, making him more suspicious with every interaction and once the Avengers had moved in to the Tower they had all noticed a commented about Tony’s often volatile and irrational behaviour, excusing it at first as just the eccentric behaviour of the billionaire genius.
There is still not much happiness for Tony, Steve is still a hard cold Alpha although there are little glimmers of softness towards his omega every now and then.
Bruce disposed of the medical waste before fully sedating the brat, he scanned the pups to ensure they were healthy and not in any distress.  Happy was delighted to see the ultrasound and tucked the photos in his pocket, the twins were on the small side so Peter was going to need to eat more and stop exercising so they could gain weight.
“Needy bitch, isn’t he?   Nope not today Doll, you haven’t done anything to deserve it, Steve and I did all the work this morning, bitches got to earn their orgasms.
Now you lay there nice and quiet whilst your Alphas have a drink, and if you behave you might just be lucky to get you sloppy holes fucked again.”
Tony had put Sarah to bed and was feeding Peggy when Bruce entered the Nursery, he was tired and irritable from a day of arguing and being looked down on by the Alphas in R&D who didn’t want to listen to him or follow his directions.  Now he was going to have to deal with an absent Steve and by the look on his face a pissed Bruce.
Judge Edwards followed Ms’ Potts through the doors of Mountain Rise Conditioning Centre, eager to have the chance at viewing the secretive treatments offered to the wealthy clientele.  Within the circles he moved he had heard whispers of the procedures carried out, troublesome teenagers, wayward heirs, adulterous husbands and wives, forever changed for the good after their stay at Mountain Rose.
“Ladies and Gentlemen The Elite Alpha Club has great pleasure in sponsoring the formal presentation of Omega Tony Stark Rogers.”
Every time he tried to make inroads on it the scratching noises and near silent whispers from the overhead vents distracted him once again.  He was going to kill Barton and Natasha if they did not stop using the vent in the Heli-Carrier as a means of getting around unseen. Although he was decidedly surprised that they were making any noise, perhaps the lack of missions over the last few months had made them complacent.   He would have to review their training schedule and maybe set them some work teaching the baby agents if they had the time to sneak around in the vents.
Bruce smiled, he rang for the nurse and sent Steve with her to start the bonding process with the baby.  He gave one last parting shot.
So, starting this evening during your sessions on the milking machine you will wear a feeding gag and have a 2litre, high calorific omega protein shake fed to you. You will also wear the feeding gag every lunchtime whilst the pups are nursing, I will make an allowance for once a week when omega Peter visits, but that will mean a double feeding in the evening.”
I will stand behind the screen for your privacy, once the test has finished if you wish to bring your omega to orgasm just ask me to leave the room.”
“Captain I am away to Asgard, it is time for me to claim what is rightfully mine!  Odin my father will have seen the taming of such an unruly omega as Stark, he will no longer be swayed by my mother’s pleas that Loki needs softness and love to heal and centre him.”
His omega’s cock and nipples were clearly defined, once again he weighed up the merits of smoothing or further docking the bitch.  His omega’s nipples were thick and erect, Jarvis informing him that they were now an inch long.  His pecs had softened and now had the appearance of the soft slight omega breasts that this world’s omegas had.  He wondered if they would swell with milk or stay small as was the way here with male omegas.
“That went a lot smoother than I expected Ms Potts, I get the feeling that you may have been doing some behind the scenes manipulation.”
Thor watched from the shadows as they shot, they’re cum over her face and ass, then smacked Frigga’s tits and ass with a large wooden spoon.
Steve led his chastened omega down to the communal floor for breakfast, cherry red backside on display for all the other Avengers to see. He had forewarned them of Tony’s nakedness and that he expected them to not engage with his omega unless he gave permission.
To the Alphas she was no longer human, just a breeding bitch, the hounds showed no interest in her once they had finished fucking her.  Mistress treated her with contempt whenever she deigned to show any interest in her, cruelly taunting her with her superior skills as a Black Widow.  She knew deep down that if she ever got to fight her, she would lose and that scared her, she had always assumed that she was the best and had never had to prove herself.
“That’s it Tony, can you feel your body burning up, the bonding heat racing through your veins. Each wave of heat bringing you closer to me, to a full and unbreakable bond that you will never be able to escape from. You will be my Omega for the rest of your life, no one else will ever have you or be able to control you to the extent I will.
There are very few reasons why the courts would revoke that decision, catastrophic mental or physical injury, mental illness, if the minor is convicted of a criminal offence or on the very rare occasion that a minor has managed to hide their……. Oh, dam! what the hell did Howard Stark do, it was Howard not Tony, Fury am I right?”
He was so tired after the battle  with Thanos and even though they had eventually won and he had landed the killing blow before being thrown through the Portal, he knew that he would not be able to step back if he was some how able to return.  There was to much rebuilding and restructuring to be done, many of the returned people still had to be reintegrated back in to  society, found homes and jobs in a world that had moved on from the devastation of the Snap.
The armour stayed silent no matter what he shouted or screamed at it, just silently staring at him as if he was some interesting species of bug under a microscope.
He could admit that he loved being cuddled and looked after, but the thought of living as a baby for the rest of his life repulsed him, especially after Ty’s cruel words and how vulnerable it made him.  He wanted and needed some control over his life, it scared him to he point of being physically sick that anyone could take him away or hurt him if he was deep in that headspace.
Warm lips brushed his forehead as Steve stood and laid the clear casing in the silk lined holder of the jewellery case. He felt unbalanced by the lack of the usual constant blue glow, he knew that JARVIS constantly monitored his health and the output of the reactor, but to him the warmth and glow of the arc reactor was a safety blanket.
“Yes Bruce, and no we are not going to tell him until he is twelve weeks.  You can give him a post heat medical tomorrow, blood and urine samples are standard so he won’t be suspicious.
“Omega, that’s enough, back to your crate.  Jarvis lock him down, full blackout and ensure he has at least two full meals pumped into him before I finish teaching this cow a lesson.  Do not let him come at all, I want him desperate and wanting when I fuck him later.”
Wrapping him in a warm fluffy towel before laying him on the changing unit he quickly dried him off before spreading his legs wide and placing a small cushion under his behind. Coating the medium size butt plug with a good amount of lube he pushed it with ease up into Tony still loose hole, smiling as his baby gave a soft moan when it brushed against his sweet spot.  Making sure the base of the plug was settled tight against the ring of muscles he tapped on a clean diaper and once again dressed him in the soft cloud pyjamas and thick fluffy socks.  Satisfied he carried him back to bed tucking him with the soft blue blanket he had bought to replace the standard hospital ones used at the Centre.
“A necklace for her. When she turns the age of sixteen, it will release her magic. It will contain it until then. It shall grow as she grows. Anyone who tries to take it off of her will be shocked. I also put a message in there for her so she can find us. I
“By the Gods,” Loki grunted. Three bullets had hit his right shoulder. Loki was getting ready to heal his wound, but it was already healing itself. On the outside, Loki was unfazed, but deep down he knew. His daughter was here, alive, and he planned to find her once he was no longer his own prisoner.
“We are, sir. Its sweeping for its signature, and when we get a hit, we will have a location within a half mile,” Bruce said.
“Is that a new suit. Is that what she’s been doing these last few days?” Pepper asked. Nova gave a big smile to Toni, even if the genius couldn’t see her.
"You could have told me what I was from the beginning! You had a chance at an alliance almost years ago, when Thor and I had our child. You ruined the alliance you hoped for in the past. Why didn't you just tell me?"
“Yeah, that’s probably something I’ll never be able to do,” Toni said, trying to crack a joke. Nova giggled a little. “Nova, are you okay?”
As the three adults watched Nova, her skin slowly started to turn blue, but no one mentioned it. Along with her skin turning blue, markings started to come out from under her skin. Nova began to scrunch her face; she was attempting to concentrate harder. She stuck her arm out and created an image out of nothing for the others to see.
“Is this about the Avengers?” Pepper asked with bright eyes. Coulson gave her a look. “Which, of course, I know absolutely nothing about.”
“She took that a lot better than I was expecting her to, honestly, sir,” Phil said, picking up the folders and giving them to Fury. The director only looked at Phil; his one eyed glare as cold as ice. “Right… Well, I’m going to go speak with Barton and Romanov about their previous mission.”
She also loved Happy, who was the best bodyguard anyone could ask for as Nova would say. While Toni would tell Nova not to bring her phone to school, Happy convinced Toni to let her in case she goes to a friend’s house or has to stay late at school.
because I’m sure she is freaking out already. I get I’m only fourteen, but I can handle my damn self. I went twelve years without anyone, I think I’ll be okay,” Nova finished.
“Don’t act all high and mighty about this, Stark. This will bite you in the ass, I hope you know that,” Fury shook his head in anger. “You let a fourteen year old control your life.”
“Well, I guess your father was right, little one,” Loki said, smiling softly. She fell asleep soon after.
“Did you just say Stark? Are you related to Howard Stark?” he asked. Nova shook her head and his excitement went away. “Oh.”
“Just cause I’m a kid, doesn’t mean I don’t know what is going on. I’m twelve, almost thirteen, and I will be going into my sophomore year of high school in the fall,” Nova replied.
“As much as I love seeing you without your tunic, I do not like the smell coming off of you,” Loki said, wrinkling her nose in disgust. Thor chuckled and leaned in close to Loki to give her a kiss. “No you big oaf! I just told you you reek!”
“I couldn’t just stand there! I had to help!” Nova said back. The look she got back from Pepper was dangerous.
“Exactly. We have noticed some similarities between Nova and the case we had in New Mexico last month,” Fury said. He slid two folders over to Toni; she figured one for Nova’s mother and Nova’s father. “We are only giving you the information to that case because it might involve your daughter.”
“You gotta apologize first,” Nova said. “Unless you want it green insteadDon't you think green would look good on her, mom?” Toni nodded in agreement.
“Oh, when will you ever not fall for that? And what do we have here?” Loki said approaching the glass container.
“Well, you guys need to get Loki back. If Thor frees him or kills him the Tesseract is gone,” Natasha said.
“We understand that. But we compared the blood we took from Nova and the blood from him, and it came out to a match. A fifty percent match. This man is her biological father,” Fury replied sternly.
“Oh, Phil, you crack me up! I’ll probably get through about half of these just tonight and part of tomorrow. I’m a pretty fast reader,” Nova giggled and made her way out of her bedroom.
“Thor wait it’s a-” Nova wasn’t able to finish. She was being lifted into the air and into the cell behind Thor. The door shut quickly.
“Wait,” Thor started. “Loki made you a necklace. One that was never to be removed. How did you remove it?”
Phil nervously laughed, “You really are a mini Stark.” The man patted Nova’s back before getting up to leave. Right before he left the room, Nova called for him.
“Loki, if you do not calm yourself, you will hurt the baby. Do you want me to use some of my seidr?” Frigga asked.
“I’m okay, I’ve just never fought this long... or at all really,” Nova replied, taking out a few chariots.
“No, Frigga, I am afraid I cannot be. Thor and Loki, stand before me so you can hear your punishment,” Odin said, the tone in his voice icy. Thor helped Loki up to her feet and held her in place while they both stared at their father. “Loki, I will grant that you may give birth to this child.”
Toni opened her faceplate, “Aw, well gee Cap, if you wanted to make a move all you had to do was ask~.” Steve immediately stood up.
!” Odin’s voice boomed throughout the throne room. Thor and Loki stood before Odin; Loki’s head was down. Frigga was close by, her eyes red from tears. “What in the nine realms possessed you to even think of doing something like this?”
“Aunt May!” Peter shouted. The woman turned around and scooped the boy up. Peter said something to the woman and she looked at Nova. Nova smiled, waved, and took off back towards the entrance. Nova didn’t realize how far away she had actually gotten, and started to slow down because she was tired.
“Ahh, I see. Well, I’m not sure I can do that either. I have an idea, just hang on a moment,” Nova said next. The teen closed her eyes and put her hands flat on the table.
“Something happened, I don’t know what. Something in me just, snapped,” Nova said. Toni looked at Nova, searching for something the Nova might be hiding.
“No, never. Wait… One night she woke up from a nightmare, it was the first time all of this started happening. I ran down to her room and when I opened the door, her eyes were glowing green. I didn’t think much of it until now. She just didn’t pass out after; she had no idea what was going on. She didn’t remember any of it,” Toni said, a hand on the top of her head. “Did you draw blood?”
Pepper didn’t respond. Instead she got her phone out and called the NYPD.  Hammer pleaded for her to not call the authorities, but was moved away by a very angry Pepper.
Natasha walked over to Hammer and thrust his arm up behind him and put the front of his body on the desk, and said with a low voice, “You tell me who’s behind this. Who’s behind this?”
business. I don’t think the Captain would let me deflower him quite yet,” Toni joked, and Steve turned bright red.
“Yes, yes I do live there, but I felt like taking a short trip. I want to tell you something, though. Since I was a little girl, there was always one thing I wanted more than anything. Do you know what that was?” Toni asked. When Nova shook her head no, Toni continued, “I wanted to have a family of my own. I told myself I wanted to be better than my father was. But I got into a pretty nasty accident just a couple of months ago, and because of that, I can’t have a child of my own.”
Nova knew mentioning the party to Toni would work. When her and Phil arrived at the mansion, she went straight to her room and picked up some clothes and a large amount of books.
“Make a move reindeer games,” Toni said. Loki’s helmet and Asgardian clothes disappeared. “Good move.”
“Ah yes, here she is! This is Nova Ward,” Mother Rosalinda said to the woman. Nova looked up from the floor to see the woman staring at her with a smile.
“I love being handed things. Let’s trade,” Pepper said. Pepper and Coulson traded the wine and laptop, and Pepper put the laptop in Toni’s hands. Toni grunted in response.
“Sometimes there isn’t a way out of things, Toni,” Steve said. “Is... is this the first time you’ve lost a solider.
“I need you to look over all this information as soon as possible,” Coulson said handing a laptop to Toni.
Toni stood where the glass cage built for Banner was; her phone suddenly rang. Toni saw the caller I.D. and immediately answered.
“It really isn’t that big of a deal. Nova’s fourteen, she deserved to know, and I couldn’t keep that from her any more. She knew I was hiding something and it was either tell her or have her turn me into a dude,” Toni said, lifting her hood up to look at the director. She placed a hand on her hip and then said, “And while I think I would be a rather handsome man, I knew what I needed to do. What are you going to do about it Fury?”
Toni blasted Loki back further into the penthouse and continued, “Then, you pissed off the person closest to me. Her name is Nova, and she’s definitely coming for you.”
“Skip the spinning rims, J. We’re on the clock,” Toni said landing on the pad. As she walked towards the penthouse, her suit was removed and stored. She slowly walked into the penthouse, watching the God of Mischief closely. She made her way behind the bar as Loki walked forward.
“My mother is the bad guy they have locked up. Is that what you are about to tell me?” Nova asked again.
“Okay, so I wasn’t at a friend’s house. Phil brought me to a S.H.I.E.L.D. base. I kind of went out exploring, and , long story short, I collapsed, my arm turned that color blue, my eyes were green for a second, and Mr. Fury found me. He also knows I’m not human,” Nova explained nonchalantly. Toni looked over in Pepper’s direction, with a look of confusion.
“I’m not either. Fury and Loki have the same blood on their hands, but we need to put that behind us. Loki needs a power source, so we need to make a list,” Steve said.
“Have you run any blood tests on her yet?” Dr. Cho asked, setting some of her things down on the kitchen counter. Some of her assistants came with and were currently bringing in more supplies.
“So what you are telling me is, is that you’ve been building profiles on who her parents might be?” Toni asked. She was currently in a conference room with Fury and Phil.
“Okay, we need to go see Fury. He might know what to do,” Toni said, putting her helmet back on. “Hang on tight okay?”
“How will your friends have time for me, when they are busy fighting you?” Loki asked. He took the scepter and poked Toni’s heart, only to hear a ding. Loki tried again and the same thing happened. “This usually works.”
“She’s fine Ms. Stark.  She is currently on a plane ride back to the states as we speak. A bodyguard is with her and will be taking her back to Malibu. We can let you call her as soon as we land,” Natalie informed Toni. It wasn’t completely a lie. Nova
“You have no right to talk to me like that. She wanted to come with,” Toni said. “I didn’t think this would happen.”
“I would never, ever, do something like that to you. I promise you. I’ll even pinky promise, that means forever right?” Toni asked with a smile. The comment made Nova giggle a little, and the girl nodded.
“I was having twelve percent of a moment. Come on, let’s see what this is,” Pepper responded. As Toni set the laptop down, Pepper and Nova come in close to watch. Toni take the holograms from the screen and throws them up. Each hologram is dedicated to each Avenger.
“Not the point, Weasel. There is no throne for you here, no version of this were you come out on top. Even if your army is too much for us, it’s all on you. Even if we can’t protect the Earth, you can be damn well sure we will avenge it,” Toni said.
"Why? Because I am the monster who parents tell their children about at night? Because my daughter would be half of what I am?" Loki yelled.
“Honestly, Nova, I’m not sure she’ll be there. Something is going on with her right now, and nobody is quite sure what’s going on,” Pepper said, putting a hand on Nova’s shoulder. When the woman wasn’t looking, Nova looked up at Natasha; they both knew what was going on. When the elevator opened, they were greeted with flashing lights and a
“We will get through this, together. Now, let us get ready,” Thor said. He undid one of Loki’s hands to remove Mjolnir and redid it after. Loki stood. “I believe we will still be on Earth for a short time. A fortnight perhaps.”
“I am the All-Father, boy. I know everything that happens in the nine realms,” Odin replied to his son. “Frigga, take Thor and Loki to where they will be staying for the following months.”
"No... So I am no more than another stolen relic? Locked up, here, until you might have use of me,” Loki said, getting more and more angry.
“He turns,” Maria replied with attitude. Toni began looking through the display and secretly stuck something underneath it. As Toni started talking about thermonuclear astrophysics with Bruce, Fury walked in.
“It.. hurts,” Nova grimaced. Her left arm started turning blue from her elbow to the tips of her fingers.
“Well, I was hoping you could do that. I’m better at building things, not being a doctor,” Toni joked, trying to make the atmosphere less rigid.
“Nova, just where has Toni been?” another reporter asked, getting very close to Nova. Nova tried backing away from the man but only bumped into more reporters with similar questions.
Nova packed a small bag with some books and cameras. She was in a daze; she was about to leave Earth for the first time. Sure, she’d been in Asgard, but she didn’t remember it. Hell, last time she was there, she wasn’t even wanted. Well, she
, but when it comes to my daughter, I sure as hell do,” Toni replied. She briskly walked out of the room and made her way down to where Nova was.
“Alright, let’s go,” Natasha said. Soon after the two left, Loki was being escorted down the hall. Loki looked towards Bruce and gave him a malicious smile; Bruce stopped what he was doing and observed Loki. He took his glasses off, thought for a moment, and realization hit him.
“Jarvis deploy!” Toni shouted. Loki threw the woman out the window; a suit flew out from the wall and followed Toni down. Loki watched as it met her, and Toni flew back to him. “See, the Avengers weren’t the only ones you pissed off. First, you pissed off a good friend of mine. His name was Phil.”
“Nova, something came up in New Mexico. Coulson will be reporting there soon, which means we need to move you somewhere else. Call Stark’s driver and tell him to pick you up in a public place. Looks like you’re going home early,” Fury announced.
“You go Natasha!” Nova called out. Pepper gave a shocked look in Natasha’s direction, and then one in Nova’s. “I… uh…”
“He’s at my facility,” Hammer replied. Natasha let go of him in an instant and walked off in the other direction.
“As ready as I’ll ever be,” Nova nodded. Selvig brought over the Tesseract and gave it to Thor. Thor nodded and patted him on the shoulder a little.
“Shall we go play, Doctor?” Toni asked. She used her suggestive tone towards Bruce, and Steve almost seemed to be jealous because of it.
“Mom just go!” Nova said before using her magic to push Toni the rest of the way out of the door. When the door shut, it locked itself.
“We’ve got a hit! Sixty seven percent match. Wait, seventy nine percent match,” an agent said from a computer.
“I... We have unfinished business with Loki,” Thor said, referring to him and Nova. She shared a look with him; an idea was forming in her head.
Natasha entered the room next, “Doctor Banner, I would suggest removing yourself from this situation.”
“Ah, yes, she said earlier that she would be bringing some things for us,” Thor said, walking into the room. He had just been sparring with Fandral for the last hour, so Thor was without a tunic and was quite sweaty.
“Okay, okay… A couple of months ago I started getting these really bad bruises and I was always in pain. Mom called her friend, Dr. Cho, so come see what was going on. She took some blood,  too… that’s when we all found out I wasn’t human,” Nova explained.
“Where the hell is that coming from?” Natasha asked. More lightning struck, and Loki started to look around.
“I’m okay, baby. I was scared too, but it is all over now. I’ll see you when I get home okay?” Toni said.
“This is between me and him. If I want you to know what is said, I’ll tell you about it,” Nova said, using her magic to take the listening device from Toni’s hand. Toni turned around with shock written on her face.
“I’ll explain later,” Toni promised. “Fine. But go change and shower first. We might be here a while.”
The tesseract was starting to spark. Everyone watched as a beam came from it and created a portal. The portal began growing before it vanished, releasing energy throughout the room. The leftover energy circled to the top of the room; a man kneeled in the place the portal was. He slowly stood up, a menacing grin on his face.
“This man, Thor, is Asgardian. He mentioned it before he disappeared, but he swore an alliance with us and Asgard,” Phil added. Toni leaned on her hand, flipping through the rest of the pages.
“What are you doing? Where are you taking me?” Nova asked; was Toni’s new assistant trying to kidnap her?
Something changed after they came to Malibu, though; Nova was somehow getting hurt all the time. Toni, being the worried, mother hen she was, called in someone who she thought could maybe help figure out what was going on.
“Guys just stop, Loki wants to keep the fight focused on us, and if he isn’t here to run these things, they could go wild. Stark is up top right now and I’m sure she’s gonna need us to...” Steve trailed off as he saw Bruce pull up.
“Oh yeah. Lucky you! You weren’t banished, but I sure as hell was,” Nova snapped back. “You could have fought for me. You could’ve left and kept me!”
“Oh, you have heart,” he said before touching the tip of the spear on Clint’s chest; Clint’s eyes turned to an icy blue color. Clint put his gun away and complied; the man did it to another agent after. Fury moved to the tesseract and put it in a briefcase, and before he could escape the man piped up. “Please don’t. I still need that.”
Nova watched closely as Loki changed to his male form. That was the last time he had been in his female form, “
“Put the suit on and lets go a few rounds,” Steve said, getting closer to Toni. The two glared daggers at the other.
“Loki, you do not understand! I only ever wanted you!” Thor yelled, turning to look at the other man. Loki gave him a confused look, and Thor gave one last swing at the bridge. The bridge gave way, and the two were thrown back by the blast. They both started falling, but Odin caught Thor, and Thor caught Loki with the staff.
“Dr. Banner now would be a very good time for you to get angry,” Steve said. Bruce turned towards him, a smirk on his face.
“No, it does. That’s Loki’s point, hit us right where we live... but why?” Toni asked. She began to think back on everything that was happening, when one memory stood out the most. “Holy shit, Nova.”
“Well, it’s actually 2 in the afternoon but- Holy shit! Nova, you’re blue!” Toni exclaimed. Pepper turned to look at the girl and shrieked like someone who had just seen a mouse.
“Which one?” Nova joked. Steve gave her a look, but Nova only laughed. “Speaking of my mom, please tell me you’re going to ask her out because
Steve finally pulled the lever so Toni could escape. The woman steadied herself below the rotor, and flew to where Steve was. She zoomed in and took out the gunman shooting at Steve. Steve jumped down, and Toni removed her helmet.
“You are just like her. Everything she was, you are now. You did not get anything from me,” Thor joked. Nova laughed a little; she flicked her wrist and unlocked the door.
The woman was brought into the room where they were met by another woman, Toni figured probably Thor’s mother.
“I am ready,” Loki said fiercely. She gripped Thor’s hand hard, and started the beginning of her pushes.
“Right this way,” Bruce said leading Toni out of the room. After the two left, the man who had been playing Galaga resumed it.
When Toni noticed Nova hadn’t moved to pick it up, she said “Don’t you want to read it? At least see if he looks familiar?”
“Oh my god,” was all he could get out before an explosion rocked the entire ship. Everyone was thrown around the room, except for Nova, Natasha, and Bruce, who ended up a level below.
“I don’t think-” Loki was blasted by the weapon Phil had in his hands before he could finish. Loki went through a wall.
“Well, there hasn’t been a Stark Expo in a really long time, but from the sounds of it, they were amazing back in the day,” Natasha said to Nova.
“Move away please,” he said, pointing the weapon at Loki. He side eyed over towards Nova and Thor, then looked back to Loki. “What do you think of this? We started making a prototype after you sent the Destroyer. Even I don’t know what it does. Should we find out?”
“It’s, ah… no problem, I guess,” Bruce said. He awkwardly walked over to Natasha and Clint, who had not said a word to anyone else since they arrived.
“Thor, I never told you, but I found a name,” Loki said. She lightly moved her finger along her daughter's cheek.
The man walked out of the room to take the call. Nova threw her head back; she couldn’t call Toni because she was ‘busy’ according to Phil. She decided to call Pepper; the phone hardly rang before she picked up.
“Yeah, well, here I am. Hop on, we need to get to the others,” Bruce said, patting the small space behind him.
“Jarvis, I swear!” Nova shouted. She grunted in anger and took her phone out. She typed in a familiar number and held the phone to her ear.
“Nova Stark, don’t you dare-!” Toni shouted, but it was too late. The spark hit Steve’s butt, and the super soldier stopped in his tracks.
“My people only want peace with your people. And my daughter doesn’t have anything to do with this. She wasn’t raised into this,” Thor said, gesturing towards Nova. Toni and Nova shared a look.
Toni couldn’t believe that man, all because she told Nova the secret that she had been keeping since the summer of 2010. When she had asked Pepper what to do, the woman only replied with, “It’s up to you Tones. She’s your daughter.”
‘The Chitauri are coming, and there is nothing you can do to stop them. What do I have to fear?” Loki asked.
say that word,” Loki barked. He crossed his arms. “Why would you mourn? Did your father not tell you of my true parentage?”
“Maybe we shouldn’t be focusing so much on Loki. His brain is like a bag full of cats, you can smell the crazy,” Bruce said.
“Alright, while I hate to cut this short, but we need to get somewhere. Nova, if you want to talk to him about science shit later that’s fine, just not right now. Annoy Fury for a while, I know you like doing that. He doesn’t know you’re here,” Natasha said.
Fury reached behind him, grabbed some cards, and threw them towards Steve, “Those were in Phil Coulson’s jacket. Guess he never did get you to sign them.”
Nick reached his hand forward to touch the necklace, and was greeted with an electric shock. “Motherfucker!”
see our daughter again, Thor. No matter what father says,” Loki said. When she was done, her craft turned into a small necklace. She motioned for Thor to come closer, and when he did, Loki put the necklace around Nova’s neck.
“Yeah, I’ve heard of him. Toni doesn’t seem to like him, though,” Nova said, trying to match Natasha’s pace.
Steve leaned forward to grab one, grief written all over his face. Toni stayed silent as Fury continued, “We are dead in the air up here. The location of the cube, Banner, Thor, our communications. I have nothing for you.”
“Okay! I’ll try to be fast. I have to say goodbye to April first, though. She’s gonna be really upset,” Nova said.
“I just want to explain some important information with you two about this pregnancy. Loki, you will only carry for seven months, and your seidr should help during the birth. I also wanted to tell you, I will be here for the birth, so you will be able to see your little one,” Frigga said with a small smile. Loki’s red face perked up right away at her mother’s words.
“Well this is boring as hell. What am I supposed to even do in here?” She asked herself. Nova looked around the room, trying to find a different way out because Natasha had locked her in. After finding nothing, she sighed. “I really didn’t want to do this today.”
I thought about waiting to post this chapter until the weekend, but I decided against it. Y'all deserve it :)
“This is Nova,” Toni said, her voice steady. The girl looked from Toni to Thor. Thor backed up in disbelief, and Nova’s mouth hung open.
Nova stood there, trying to decide what to do. She knew she couldn’t stand there forever, so when Pepper wasn’t looking, she ran for the nearest exit.
“I was bored so I escaped my room. Being a prisoner is no fun when Nat locks the door. Sorry for mom last night by the way. She’s just grumpy,” Nova said.
“Well leave it urgently. Thanks,” Toni said and hung up. She rolled her eyes. The elevator door opened, and Coulson walked in. “Uh, security breach!”
“Bye kid. Be good,” Natasha said to Nova. She gave her a wink and got into the car. Toni walked up last.
“That was my plan. And that weakness you believe you have on me?” Loki asked. Toni rounded the corner of the bar and made her way towards Loki.
“Oh hell no. I’m too tired for that. Say, I’m gonna have to borrow this suit. My car kind of blew up during all of this,” Rhodey said.
“Loki, we can do this together. We can do this, for her,” Thor said, searching Loki’s eyes, and Loki looked at him with fearful eyes. The moment went away as quickly as it came, however, and the next thing Thor knew, Loki had an evil look back in his eyes. Loki stabbed Thor with a small dagger, and Thor keeled over. Thor groaned and ripped the dagger out of his side. He stood, grabbed Loki, and threw the man to the floor. Loki took the moment to roll off of the building and onto a chariot.
“We may be able to save him from himself, however he will be dealt with severely by my father. He was light with our punishment when it came to you; we got to be together the entire time. His punishment for this will not be,” Thor frowned.
“What?” Nova  murmured. Toni turned around. “I’m not… human?” Tears started brimming in the preteens eyes.
“It does seem to be powered by the Cube. I just want to know how he turned two of my sharpest men into his personal flying monkeys,” Fury replied.
As the months passed, Loki’s midsection grew, and Thor’s affection grew more for her. Breaking the news to the Warriors Three and Sif was hard, and Thor had to admit Sif took it a lot better than he had anticipated.
“Thor, I found a wonderful name,” Loki said. When she realized that Thor did not answer, she looked over to see him fast asleep. “Oh, you big oaf.”
“I thought we could unite our kingdoms one day. Bring about an alliance, bring about, a permanent peace. Through you,” Odin said. Loki’s face fell.
“Get her out of here I’ll be fine,” Natasha said. Nova looked at her one last time before going off with the maintenance guys.
“I don’t see a problem with that, but you need to change into some regular clothes first,” Toni replied. A few minutes later, an armored vehicle and four black SUVs pulled up. About a dozen agents came out of the vehicles and took a hold of Loki. Nova felt bad, but she knew she couldn’t do anything. Not here anyway. Fury and Maria stepped out of one of the vehicles and made their way to Toni, Nova, and Thor.
You belong to Alpha Rogers and he deserves a Beta who is projecting the correct image, that shows her place within his Packs.”
Every one had been  ecstatic when told of Tony’s pregnancy, Pepper had rushed over after hearing and was already busy discussing nursery themes with a Tony.  Rhodey had congratulated the both of them and informed them his tour would be over three weeks before Tony’s due date so would be back in time for the birth.
Now l want you to keep your hand on my cock whilst l show you exactly how I like to be jerked off.  I am going to come all over your omega and down her throat, and l want you to do the same.  Your bitch is going to reek of our cum, her belly swollen and round with it.”
Tony sat by the shore watching as the twins splashed about in the water giggling and screeching as the gentle waves pushed against their chubby legs unbalancing them and making them fall on their bottoms in the water.
“Why would Tony need a blood transfusion for a broken leg and shoulder injury Fury? But more importantly why would Ms Potts have to authorise any treatment, the first thing Tony and Potts did after the de-aging was to have Tony declared an emancipated minor through the Courts.
Now you better hope that you start producing milk in the next couple of minutes or l am going to get Dr Banner to inject them so that they are the size of watermelons.”
Come now, it is time for your appointment with Dr Gottlieb.  Captain Rogers can assist you to walk as it is only a few doors down to his office, you need to start exercising your leg muscles as you have been in bed for the last three days.”
Her scream as he forced his cock deep into her pussy made his balls tighten, the delicious tightness of her walls against his cock had him leaking and panting.  Years of suppressing his desires because of Hulk, left him gasping to control his urge to mindlessly fuck her be dammed the consequences.
Steve pulled him off a few minutes later, smiling at Tony’s flushed cheeks and panting breaths. His baby’s plump swollen lips glistened with precum from his once again hard cock, he wanted to bend his baby boy over and fuck him senseless, listen to him scream as he pounded his ass.  Unfortunately, he would need to wait until all the physical procedures to Tony’s body had fully taken and healed.
The watcher grinned, this was the beginning of the little captain’s descent, the stubborn little prick had lasted longer than he thought, but he had all the time in the world to carry out his plan.
More and more often over the previous months Steve had him dress in more feminine outfits as he had in the magazine interview.  Tony had tried to fight him on it but Steve was adamant that he wear them and had got rid of all his other clothes, the only exception was when he was in his workshop.
Carefully slipping the fabric over his omega’s casted leg he adjusted the drawers so that the catheter was lying straight, and Tony’s soft cock was nestled comfortably within the soft fabric.  He stroked his fingers over the small bulge of the omega’s stomach, he knew that the doctor had ordered an increase in the amount of feeding supplement being introduced via the feeding tube as they wanted to ensure a marked weight gain before he left the hospital.
He muttered as his fingers tried to move the door handle.  Oooh, may be there was a bean stalk in the garden, daddy would like a golden egg, perhaps he could go find it and show daddy that he was a big boy and didn’t need those horrible diapers.
Steve bit down on Tony’s nipple as he lifted his omega and slammed him down hard on his cock and that was all it took.  Tony screamed his release his whole body shaking as his cunt juices flowed mingling with his Alpha’s cum.
She wasn’t sure how much time had passed when she felt a searing pain between her legs, and she as was lying in a puddle of pale pink fluid.   Before she had a chance to move, her stomach contracted, and she screamed as bolts of pain shot across her stomach and down her back.  She vaguely heard the hounds baying as hands grabbed hold and pulled her from her kennel, dragging her along the corridor.
Stepping close he loosened his robe, his hard cock pressing against Loki’s naked skin, he rutted between pale thighs as he fondled and pinched pert breasts and hard teats, the smell of rich creamy milk filling the room.
Dr Gottlieb ushered Steve into his office aware that the Captain was impatient for news about Ms’ Potts and if Tony was ready to be discharged.
Our society is changing and adapting post Thanos and everyone has to do their part.  It is not only omegas that will have to adjust to their new reality it is everyone.
They fell into a pattern, Steve would bring him lunch every day and sometimes even breakfast if he was on an engineering binge.  He would ask Tony to accompany him on trips around New York, unable to resist Cap’s puppy dog eyes he would cave in and go.  After a few weeks Steve would only have to look at him and say his name in the way that sent shivers down his spine and he would gladly abandon whatever he was dong to accompany Steve.
“Now Tony I am going to give you quick sponge bath and then get you changed and dressed, you will feel much better with a clean diaper and some soft cosy pyjamas to keep you warm.”
“That’s it Pepper, keep on fucking the bottles until you cum, and if you can sink down on to the bottles to where they join and orgasm then you will get to fuck our new pet before she goes into full bondage, because they she will just be a breeding bitch for the dogs. You have ten minutes, if you don’t succeed then l think, it’s time for another hair makeover.”
Bruce smiled as he watched Steve feed his omega the whole bowl of Pretzels, in between sips of his drink.  Tony accepted every mouthful and didn’t even protest when Steve cut up his pizza slices and hand fed him those as well.  By the time they had all eaten Tony’s stomach was straining against his omega drawers, the pearl buttons taut over his rolls.
At the moment we are filtering your blood, of the serum and replacing it with your un enhanced blood, it should be complete in another 12 hours.  This won’t mean that you are completely free on the serum but as with our little spider you will be near base line human, if we took all of the serum your body would age drastically and  shift to your directly to your pre serum size.  This way your body will alter over time and you will age at a slower rate.
Steve lifted his omega and dropped him on to his cock, one strong arm holding him in place whilst he continued to play with Tony’s dripping pussy and clit.  His omega was gripping onto his arm as he was bounced up and down, his tits jiggling with each thrust.
He felt a flush of happiness at the realisation that he had passed his initiation, paying little note to the ever quietening voice in the back of his head calling for him to fight harder for his right to choose.
“Don’t you think that I should wait for Tony to wake up before touching him, it seems rather non- consensual, maybe I should wait and discuss what is going to happen, set a time for bonding, give him a chance to recover fully.”
With the help of his security staff they moved the Prime Minister and his wife to the Residence, under the guise that Lady Sophie was feeling unwell and needed to rest whilst the two Heads of State continued their discussions.
Thankfully, Steve would not let anyone else dance with him, scowling in disapproval if anyone tried to touch him. It was exhausting trying to remain big, all he wanted was his pacifier and blanket.  His stomach was beginning to ache again, the sparkling apple juice Steve had given him to sip on after each dance filling his bladder once more.
Steve covered his omega’s back with his body smushing Tony’s face into the pillows biting down hard on his omega’s bonding mark as he painted his omega’s ass with his cum.  Rolling them onto their sides he continued to suck as his cock pulsed out its copious load.  Pulling Tony tight against his chest he whispered;
Finally he reached the safety of his limo, collapsing on the back seat tears streamed down his face.  There was no going back only forward, but this time he would not be alone with only his bots and A.I. for company and friendship.  Placing his hands on his swollen stomach he could feel his babies kicking and turning inside him.
Tony Stark was the most unlike Alpha Steve had ever seen, physically he was short and slim, he knew if he tried his hands would probably span his waist.  He was beautiful, dark chestnut curls, soulful Brown eyes that had the thickest lashes he had ever seen on a man. His lips were full and pouty, he could imagine his cock sliding between them, deep into his throat. His bit was a work or art, a perfect bubble butt encased in form fitting jeans or tailored trousers.  Although small in stature his legs were long, , he could imagine those legs encased in silk stockings, his feet fascinated him, they were small with long delicate toes, his ankles shapely, just made for the delicate straps of stiletto  sandals.
Steve pulled Tony between his open thighs and with no warning pushed his cock in to the wet warmth of his mouth, steadily pushing his length down his omega’s throat until his balls until his nose pressed his pubic hair.
Tony had moved to a different work station when he looked back up and was now focusing on the new Stark Phone and Tablet.  Pepper had been adamant that he still be head of R&D and the face of Stark Industries.   Whilst she would run the company Tony was still the creative genius behind the majority of all products produced.  Steve just had to sign off on all major decisions and contract over a certain amount of money.  Other than that and making sure that Tony would appear with him at the quarterly board meetings he left the running of the Company to Pepper.  He might own Stark Industries through his Omega but had no interest in running it.
The thick milk was addictive, honey sweet with a slight hint of spice, as he suckled his body became warmer, his limbs heavy, his other senses became muted as his taste buds exploded, glorying in the extraordinary ambrosia.
After his knot deflated, he stripped her out of her clothes leaving her just in her stockings and heels, as he fucked her cunt.  Her gasps and cries egged him on to batter against her cervix, his balls slapping her swollen sex, sending jolts of agony through her body.  The wanton bitch could no longer look him in the eye for more that a few seconds and her skin was cool to the touch, not a hint of the latent heat of extremis.  Bruce had really come through with his serum, now it just remained to be seen if Pepper would be more amenable and easier to deal with in the morning.
He let loose a scream of pure frustration, tears of defeat rolling down his cheeks as he sobbed, body tired and aching.  He was vaguely aware of Alpha Winter lowering him on to his hands and knees, the resumption of hard thrusts into his aching hole. He held himself still, some part of his mind aware that if he made any movement his Alpha would stop, Alpha Steve’s cock sliding down his throat broke through the fog clouding his mind, large hands bracketing his face ensured that he could not move.
I am going to slide out and turn you on to your back, you will put your hands flat on the mattress and keep your legs spread wide. You will not move unless l reposition you, and l do not want to hear a sound pass your lips.
His eyes were heavily rimmed with black kohl eye liner ending in a sharp thin wing. Dark shimmery bluish grey shadow blended to a shimmering gold shadow on his brow.  Dark green shimmery shadow emphasized the area under his eyes following the shape of the black eye liner.  The inner rims of his eyes also had a coating of black kohl pencil.  His thick long eye lashes needed no mascara but had been curled.
Steve standing behind him, his large hands stroking his shoulders and stomach, towered over him, he could feel the hard length of his cock pressing against his back, and wasn’t that scary to think of him shoving that up his ass. The top of his head didn’t even reach Steve’s shoulders now, he had always been short but now the difference in their sizes was shocking.
Tony can’t believe that his Alphas are still not sated, his breasts are bouncing between his Alphas raised hands, each slap sends a shock of pain rippling through his bound tits and a zing of arousal to his cock which is painfully hard and leaking.  When his Alphas release the clamps from his nipples he wails as they burn and throb, each drop of milk matching the tears falling from his eyes.
Steve who had been watching for the last few minutes moved forward to trace the purple teeth marks on her left breast.  Pepper didn’t react at all as he toyed with her nipple, squeezing it until it to was as purple and swollen as the bite marks.
Tony was finding it difficult to think with Steve sitting so close and smelling so appealing, his nipples were aching and not just from feeding Sarah, he blushed as he realized his hole was leaking slick. It was confusing and embarrassing  that he was getting aroused, he didn’t want another Alpha, but when Steve smiled at him and sat on the side of the bed to cuddle him and the baby he couldn’t help but melt when the scent of calming alpha pheromones surrounded him.
Winter was such a tease, their poor little bitch had been so doped up on Alpha pheromones and cum during the interview and filming, he had been putty in his Alphas hands, eager to do and say anything for another fix of his Alphas cum, to be fucked and allowed an orgasm.
“Your pussy is so wet for us, such a pain slut.  Do you want me to paddle your cherry red ass, turn it black and blue, maybe I should clamp your clit and bind your cock so tight it drops off just like a lamb’s tail.
It took some time for her to respond, so he took the time to open her pussy and hole, the slick patches he had placed in both orifices would have had time to graft onto her flesh.
Tony had been sworn to secrecy over his presentation as an omega at such an early age, constant punishments and threats to his mother had kept him quiet and compliant to Howard’s experiments.  Over the following years he had ensured that Tony was besotted with the thought of being Captain Steve Rogers omega, filling his head with stories of his great deeds and how he was the perfect Alpha, when questioned about when he would meet him, he had just informed his son that Captain Roger’s was away serving his Country.  Howard had never informed his son that Steve Rogers and Captain America were one and the same, convinced he would find his friend before Tony ever suspected anything was amiss.
The next file unbelievably was the counterpart to his research, reaching for the holograms he entered all the data he remembered from his own file, a near eidetic memory meant it took him twenty minutes to combine their partial formulas to produce a viable serum that would eradicate Extremis.
Slick and juices coated his thighs as he fucked himself hard, the size of the plug meant it hit his prostrate with every thrust, he was aware of the lewd and filthy moans spilling from his lips.
Tony gulped down the two shakes before he showered not wanting to risk running out of time.  The liquid cum shakes were thicker and in larger bottles, he struggled with finishing the second one but knew JARVIS would tattle on him if he just flushed the remaining liquid.
Tony quickly blinked twice, there was no way he was going to spend two hours bound and gagged for all the other Avengers to see and mock.  It was humiliating enough when he had to spend meal times with them kneeling on the floor by Steve’s chair.  His Alpha’s knot was huge and painful but at least he would get some enjoyment from it and since he was continuously hungry because of the pups and craved Steve’s cum it would be no hardship to eat breakfast.
Steve you will need to ensure that Tony’s stay at Mountain Rise is successful and I am giving you fair warning that the Judge is going to want to personally examine Tony himself so you need to be prepared for that.  Do not let your possessiveness ruin all that we have worked for, one hour of sharing will ensure that Tony and Stark Industries will be under our control forever, you will have the relationship you have always wanted from Tony and I will keep Stark Industries running as the top fortune 500 Company.
Natty will need to be placed on a high calorie feeding regime and she will need to be mounted every day and also ingest their cum, her DNA has been adapted to need it.  It creates a bond that will stop her and the hounds from rejecting the hybrids.
Steve ground his cock into her cunt, his balls slapping her swollen lips, he could tell be the tone of her voice that she was still only paying lip service, just wanting an orgasm.  There was no deep connection to him as her Pack Leader, the bond was thin and strained.  Its was time to stop playing with her, he wanted to be fucking his omega fertile cunt, not her useless cunt.
He threw Stark against the desk pinning him face down and ass up, grabbing the collar of his shirt and the waistband of his trousers he ripped them off throwing them to the ground, socks and shoes followed quickly.  Stark was not wearing any underwear so he was completely naked in a matter of moments.
“Going to mark you up as mine for all eternity, my blood will sink into your bones, my hold over your body and mind will never be broken.”
Tony crumpled under the waves of disapproval and anger now pouring off all the alphas in the boardroom, unconsciously dropping to his knees he crawled to his Alpha a whine of distress emitting from his lips as he presented himself at his feet.
Loki wept not for his emasculation but for the loss of his final strand of magic, he hadn’t thought that Thor would be so cruel, the head healer laughed as he cursed Thor.
Each thrust forced his body up, his nipples dragging against the cold glass, the friction rubbing the tender flesh raw, his traitorous cock smearing the glass with small drops of precum.  Fingers joined the cock filling his cunt, stuffing him full, the burning stretch tipping him over the edge as his pussy clamped down on Steve’s knot and his cock spurted over the glass.
“Not me Steve, Howard used to say things all the time when I was growing up, even worse than that after my accident, makes sense now, Fuck! He must have gone off the rails when I tested as an Omega, he must have really hated me to do what he did.”
Tony to his embarrassment flushed and clenched down on Steve’s finger once he pushed it back in his tight hole, at the thought of being denied any form of release and having to wait or beg for permission to be allowed to orgasm. He had always wanted to be able to give up control during sex but had previously been to afraid to show that kind of weakness.  He had never had the nerve to indulge in his attraction towards men, Howard’s voice in his head berating him for being weak and a sissy ensured his continued denial of that side of his nature until he had fallen for Steve.
“Ahh, Inspector I am sorry for any confusion in the matter of the Cradle, I should have been more, clear in my report.  The Cradle is not a viable option for general medical use, the cost alone is impractical, added to the fact that it is keyed to my DNA so that only I as its creator am able to operate it. It is one of a kind and cannot be moved from this facility due to the incredible sensitivity of its programming.  Also, it is at capacity for the people that are coded into its inner structure to be able to heal, that being all the current Avengers, Miss Potts and Colonel Rhodes.
It was the simple collar that finally bought home to Tony that even though he was wearing an expensive item of bespoke clothing bedecked in millions of dollars of jewels, he was nothing more than an Omega Slave bound too and owned by his Alpha Master.
Winter curled on the floor his cock and balls burning, blood dripping from the torn flesh on the underside of his cock.  His ass hole throbbing as the plug vibrated, stimulating all his nerve ends, his cock rock hard despite the whipping it had received.
Clint cackled as he nudged his cock further into Pepper’s mouth, the stupid cow moaned and leaned forward an inch, tongue licking along his length.
Tony could hear Loki’s screams as he pushed the pups as quickly as he could down the corridor, Bruce laughing at his flushed face and the trickle of slick trailing down his leg.
Fan fiction is just that you do not have to stick to the way the characters behave in the comics and films, I do not understand why people read stories and then get annoyed that that characters are not portrayed in the same way.
“Omega can you not count? Are you so stupid that you cannot even comprehend that l gave you two options to choose from not three!
Now you have three options with regards to your omega’s balls.  You can have them removed completely once this pregnancy is over, you can leave them as they are and they will drop once the pups are birthed.  Or I can laser seal the hole closed in a matter of seconds so that they stay tucked away for good, they will still be functional but out of sight.”
“Now sweet heart, its time to fit your cock cage, no more orgasms for a while until you have shown that you can restrain your erections of your own will and at the order of your Alpha, allowing you to concentrate fully on giving your Alpha pleasure.  It will not be easy, you may think it unfair but without being governed by your erection and the need to come, your awareness of your bond with your Alpha will be heightened and you can give your undivided attention to pleasuring and submitting to your Alpha.”
Retreating to the couch he curled up as best he could, spooning down his lunch and slurping on yet another blueberry cum shake.  Once finished he snuggled down in to the cushions pulling up Steve hood and covering himself with a blanket drenched in his Alpha’s scent.  Hopefully when he awoke Steve and the Avengers would be back.
What can I say except don't read if you are not a fan of forced bonding and non consensual body modification.
What Steve loved the most were the Dolcegabbana, crystal bejeweled gladiator sandals that Tony had ordered, his little twink had a decided fetish for shoes, especially heels.  Steve indulged him sometimes but mostly preferred him in flats to emphasize the difference in heights.
Sitting wrapped in Steve’s arms, gave him such a feeling of safety, Steve would protect him from everything whilst he got better and then things could go back to normal again, once he had proved to Steve that he could function normally then they would put an end to this stupid age play.  For now, he would go along with it, maybe it would be nice not to have to worry or care about anything but himself and what Steve wanted for a while, of course he would set some limits on how far this age regression play went but they could discuss that later when his mind was less fuzzy.
Growling quietly as he adjusted his hard cock, he flicked the screen of his Stark pad to show a real time view of the nursery.
It was all his fault, if only he wasn’t such a colossal fuck up, he needed to find Steve and beg him to forgive him, to punish him for being such a bad boy.
But there is one major difference, this alternate version of Tony Stark is an Omega Femme, on examining him we found that he has a fully formed omega vagina with the hymen still intact, the ultrasound revealed a fully developed uterus with healthy unblocked fallopian tubes and ovaries.  He has an undocked penis and has not been castrated, his anal passage contained a small plug, not enough to stimulate his prostrate but sizable enough to stop slick from leaking whilst in the company of any Alphas.  There was a birth control patch that we have now removed along with a further patch which contained Omega suppression pheromones. There were small traces of semen in his passage so it would appear he is sexually active but there is no mating bite or Alpha brand.”
Steve hauled him to his feet hand clamped to the back of his neck giving him a rough shake, arching his neck back he bit down hard on his omega’s bond mark.
Tony hissed and tried to jerk away but the straps held him motionless. He could feel the added pressure of Steve’s fingers as they pressed up against the blades finding the one that covered his prostrate.
“There we go Steve, let out all that alpha anger, it’s hard to see your omega being used by others but it was necessary for the good of the Pack tonight.  For being such a good boy l am going to allow you to suck my cock, just so you realise how good it feels and understand how much your slut of an omega enjoys it.”
Her hair was a complete mess, he looked around for something to cut it with, not surprised when a small knife, appeared.  He hated magic, did this mean he was always being watched or that his Watcher was reading his mind.
“Come on darling, say yes, let me make you mine, get rid of that bastard Captain’s mark, let me make you whole again.”
Steve leapt from his seat, quickly picking up his crying boy who latched onto him legs circling his waist, sitting him on his lap cuddling him close he took Tony’s arms from his neck holding his mittened hands between them.
The First Lady giving birth to twins, an omega girl and an alpha boy was streamed live across the United States, many other countries picked up on the event as well as it unfolded.
“Come on Pepper lets get you out of the car, maybe some fresh air will help, there is a bit of a breeze so take of your jacket and let it cool you down.”
His collar is no longer on him, l suspect that the locks released as his bond broke when he passed through the Portal.  The mating bites are still visible, but you should be able to create a bond, l am not sure of the strength or whether it will be reciprocal but it will certainly fulfil all the current legal requirements.
Meg turned to check on her charge who had been quiet for the last few minutes, he was sipping on a bottle of water eyeing both of them with an unhappy look on his face.
Tony wished it would end, but he didn’t want to disappoint Sir or Happy, he was a good boy, and this was what Pepper wanted, so he rubbed and pinched her clit as he fisted her pussy.  The sounds coming from Pepper were obscene, her thighs were shaking, her belly heaving when finally, she let out a loud scream her pussy spasming round his fist as she finally climaxed.
As Thunder and lightning lit up the sky, Sif and Hogun placed runes on the two Alphas wounds and watched as their final breath left their bodies.
Tony had struggled for years and still did with the inequalities of their society, Thor who was also growing and maturing had lowed him to set up health and basic education for all omegas, when he had pointed out that there was so many potentially intelligent omega’s who could hold the key to the next scientific breakthrough.  He knew that it might take thousands of years to change a whole society’s way of living and thinking but at least he had made a small change now.
“Pepper fist her hard, l want these pups out quickly, l have an important dinner meeting this evening and you need to be present as you are providing the entertainment. Cannot have you turning up covered in amniotic fluid and blood, it’s difficult enough getting you presentable without that as well.”
“Such a good little girl taking her daddies cocks, come on sweetheart open your mouth wide for Daddy Winter, you are going to suck on his popsicle whilst my candy cane sweetens your cunt with cream.”
“Bucky, I think you should choose Tony’s punishment for this morning’s infraction since you had to do for me what our omega knows is his first duty of the day.”
The potential value of such Pets is astronomical, they  will be highly sought and you will need to ensure from birth they are protected and monitored at all times.”
I will also allow you one afternoon a week to spend time with Pepper and Happy, but you will both do the activities that are set for you. Happy and I will be with you most of the time, but occasionally when you both have behaved particularly well, we will let you have some alone time to chat and watch a movie.  When the babies arrive, I expect that Pepper will be glad to have an afternoon break, so you must not misbehave and ruin it for her.
In effect, now that the suppressors have cleared from his system he is just at the juvenile pet stage and it will be some months before he grows into a fully mature adult Pet, if at all.  There is no telling the damage caused by all the drugs used over the last twelve years.”
Bruce smirked as he listened to the omega’s rambling thoughts, there was nothing generous about Steve’s decision, this Tony had been completely stripped of his autonomy, brutalised and objectified continuously since his arrival a week ago.  The omega would grasp on to this perceived act of kindness, initiating a link with the Alpha, which in turn would open the possibility of a bond that would not need to be forced.  Psychological manipulation would take time, each small act of kindness and pointed comment against his world and Alpha Captain, would need to be carefully inserted amongst the strict rules governing the treatment of omegas in this world until Tony succumbed to the believe that Steve was truly his Alpha.
I am extremely happy to announce that Darcy is pregnant, she will continue to be by my side throughout her pregnancy, showing all omegas how they should conduct themselves in public.”
He all but leapt out of the nest, running for the door, yelping as Tony pinched his butt cheek and told how pretty he looked in his panties.  Ms Potts demanded punctuality at all times, the consequences of being late to the boardroom would be harsh, grabbing his clothes he would have to risk getting changed in the elevator hoping that no one saw him.  The elevator doors opened, rushing inside he asked Jarvis to take him down to the boardroom floor, not noticing the two Alphas standing in each corner at the back of the elevator until the car started to descend.
Sorry it has taken a while to get this out.  Still trying to keep it lighter than my normal offerings, little bit of dubious behaviour in this chapter, but Steve will come clean about it with Tony shortly.
“We need to get Tony to medical right now, l need, to operate, the baby is in distress and both could die.”
I can see from your face that you do not believe that you are an omega, you need to  have your eyes opened to the truth you have buried.
“As you can see Alpha Rogers your omega’s cock has settled at 2 inches in penile length, he can still feel sensation and become aroused when it is touched but he will not be able to get an erection  or ejaculate.  I suggest prostrate milking as a good source of relief, you may find that he can still achieve orgasm but with great difficulty the further the pregnancy advances.
Banner passed Betty around to the other Alphas to help pass the time., it made him laugh to see how uncomfortable this Pepper was with fingering the other bitch, he guessed her collar provided a slight shock whenever the Professor thought she was not doing it properly.  He gathered that this Pepper was an alpha so was interested to know why she was being treated as an omega, he knew that the Professor had her in his medical suite at least twice a week and the Captain made thorough used of her to take the edge of his anger and frustration, Natasha treated her like a pet and made her do demeaning work and wear horrible trashy clothes if they went to SI headquarters for work.
Taking a deep breath to centre himself, he decided it was better just to rip the band-aid off and tell Tony what the effects of him now being registered as an Omega meant for any prior legal decisions made by the Courts with regards to his person.
Pepper and Steve together had decided enough was enough, it was time to ensure that Tony was bought under their full control.  Faced with all the bad publicity and the drop in Stark Industry stocks Tony agreed to step down as CEO and place Pepper in charge of the Company.  The next step had been getting Tony down the aisle, Tony had been surprisingly resistant to getting married so a drunken weekend in Vegas solved that problem and ensured that there was no pre-nuptial agreement.
Tony began to cry again, face buried against Steve’s thigh, beyond mortified at what had happened.  Steve would think he was disgusting and dirty, a stupid omega who couldn’t even hold his pee, he would never want him as his omega now, it wasn’t fair, why did everything bad have to happen to him. He loved Steve but there was no way he would ever love Tony now.
Steve was going to make him work beg for it there was no way that he was going to make this easy for Tony.
Pressing the largest crystal bead against the tight opening he pushed against the small ring of muscles watching as it stretched around the widest part of the bead before sucking it completely in, he fed his omega’s hole two further large beads until the string of crystals was pulled tight from his cock to his stuffed hole, his cunt lips split apart by the crystals.
Steve punctuated each word with a thrust against Tony’s prostate driving his omega wild, watching the lust blown pupils flushed cheeks and listening to the ever increasing nonsense babble spilling from his lips. His omega’s gasped promise to be very very good boy for his alpha pushed Steve over the edge biting down on the mating mark he coated his omega’s insides with a steam of  what felt like never ending cum.
Finally, his rage spent, he turned from the window, his omega hanging limp from his knot and walked into his en-suite, stepping his clothes as he went.  The warm heat of the water soothed away the last remnants of his anger along with the blood and fluids covering his in inconscient omega.
I would like to acknowledge and thank Omega Winter Stark Rogers for showing me and all other omegas that there is nothing wrong with embracing our true nature.  I am ashamed that I denied such an worthy Alpha for so long and implore all dissident omegas to kneel and beg forgiveness for their sins and place themselves under the supervision of the Omega Registration Centres.
“‘Just remember, I will love you for all eternity,’” Nova said, reciting what Loki had said in his first message. Thor beamed with delight, and Loki gave a shocked look to his daughter.
Nova had a secret, though. Something she didn’t plan on telling Fury, Phil, or Toni. She remembered the whole thing, she just wanted to play it off as if she didn’t so she could get Fury off her back. The woman she saw, her mother, had been the same person she had been seeing in her dreams. The man she had been seeing, was her mother all along. The older woman was right, her parents were both powerful, and apparently her mother was powerful enough to shapeshift.
“Yeah, it goes both ways. Don’t worry,” Clint snapped back. Natasha smacked his arm and shook her head. “What? Did you
“I’ve been waiting my whole life to know what my birth parents look like. I think I’m just nervous, you know? Big moment,” Nova replied. She gingerly grabbed the folder and brought it towards her. Nova opened the folder and frowned a little.
“Toni, they all disappeared again. I don’t understand what’s happening to me, I’m scared!” Nova exclaimed from her bed. When Toni and Dr. Cho walked in, Nova was curled up in a ball under her covers. Pepper sat next to the bed and nodded.
“I am deeply sorry. We were fools that night, and did not properly protect ourselves like we should have. Loki soon found out he was with child, and he came to tell me. One of the warriors, someone who I saw as a friend, told our- I mean my father. He punished us for it, but I guess we were lucky we weren’t banished for it,” Thor continued.
“Yeah. I’m a little nervous. I mean, Odin didn’t want me around for a reason. I don’t know why, but I want to find out. I had to go almost fifteen years without knowing my birth parents,” Nova said.
“No!” Nova yelled, getting up from her spot on the bed. She ran over to the balcony and looked out towards the racetrack. Nova could see Toni, and the madman trying to kill her. She looked off a little more into the distance to see a black car racing towards Toni; it had to be Happy... and probably a pissed off Pepper. Tears starting streaming down the preteen’s face. Then, suddenly, the door to the hotel room opened.
“You father claims to know all, but he really does not. I can use my seidr to help coax the nurses to help me,” Frigga winked. Loki gave the woman a giant hug continuously thanking her. “Go rest my love. I need to speak to Thor about something.”
“Always have a way out. You may not be a threat to us, but you better stop acting like you’re a hero!” Steve barked. Nova’s eyes widened at that sentence. She knew it was going to push Toni over the edge.
“See that red lever?” Toni asked. “Stay there and when I say, pull it. It should slow down the rotors long enough to let me out.
“Oh, the Avengers. It’s what we call ourselves, ‘Earth’s mightiest heroes’. But I have a surprise that might just end up a weakness, too,” Toni said.
“Ugh, I wish there was some way I could figure out if you are actually doing okay after all of that. My phone probably won’t work there,” Nova said sadly.
Loki, too, looked on from above, “Send the rest.” In an instant, thousands of Chitauri and Leviathans flooded through the portal.
“Stuttgart, Germany. Twenty eight, Königstraße. He’s not exactly hiding.”               “Alright Captain, you’re turn,” Fury said next. Steve nodded and walked away from the bridge. “And now for you. If you are gonna be up here, you are gonna do some work.”               Nova smiled, “I hope its science stuff.” *****
“Well then that settles it. I am not leaving here until I can take you home with me. Why don’t you head back up to your room and get your things packed up? It shouldn’t take me very long with Rosalinda,” Toni said, getting up and helping Nova up as well.
“Everyone is fine. Nova, there is something I need to tell you. Toni has been experiencing palladium poisoning; it has been affecting her since the arc reactor was put in her,” Phil said. He was having a hard time explaining this to a kid. Nova looked down.
Pepper was freaking out. Since Nova met her, she could tell Pepper was an extremely stressed out person, especially when she was around Toni.
Steve turned back to look at the woman; he could tell she had been crying but was trying to act like she hadn’t been. Toni made her way to the spot next to Steve and sunk into the chair.
“Nova, Nova! There’s someone here for ya! Some important lookin’ lady,” April Said, running into the bedroom. Nova looked up from the textbook she was looking at.
I meant to upload this chapter last night, but I kind of fell asleep before that happened. Please enjoy this next chapter of Home! :)
“Not really sure, but I’m pretty sure Toni’s kid is Thor’s kid,” Bruce said. Steve looked at him with a confused expression.
“What the hell  do you mean ‘not right’ Jarvis? What’s wrong with her?” Toni asked, both angry and worried. Everyone was so focused on listening to Jarvis, that they didn’t notice Nova waking up.
Hey guys, so those who have started reading already, I had to go back and change a couple of dates. I realized I put the wrong draft up, but everything has been fixed. Thanks! :)
“No, I’m sorry. But my mom is,” she replied. He tilted his head a little. “My mom is Toni Stark, daughter of Howard and Maria Stark. I was adopted.”
Toni walked towards him and patted him on the shoulder, “Hey, I can promise a stress-free environment. No tension, no surprises.” With that, Toni zapped him in the side with a little pen.
“You want me to put the hammer down?!” Thor boomed. He jumped in the air towards Steve, getting ready to hit Steve with Mjolnir. As Steve raised his shield, Thor hit is with Mjolnir. A loud boom erupted and there was a bright flash of light. It threw all three heroes backwards.
“Loki, on the Helicarrier. When he walked by the lab, and looked at me, I knew right then. I knew he was someone to you, even if you hadn’t realized it yet,” Bruce said. He rubbed the back of his head, “I was going to tell Fury, but the Other Guy kind of stopped me before I could.”
“That is the island of Manhattan. Until I know my team can’t handle it anymore, I will not order a nuclear strike against the civilian population!” Fury argued.
“Please, please. Go away, go away I’ve got this handled,” Hammer said, putting his arms up to try to keep Pepper away.
“Dr. Banner, put down the scepter,” Nova said. Natasha and Fury both had their hands on their weapons. Bruce looked down at the scepter. The monitors started beeping signaling that the Tesseract had been found.
“I don’t really give a shit, Captain. I’m missing two people. People I needed here. I don’t give a shit about the girl,” Fury responded. Toni stood in the doorway with her arms crossed. “Oh look, she shows up. Sit down.”
“Uh, I’m staying. I’ll keep him on track, I promise,” Nova said, reading some of the articles on a hologram.
“I’m gonna be honest every time you talk, I dislike you more and more,” Nova said. Toni gave Nova a shocked look.
Toni sighed in annoyance, “Whatever, fine.” Toni fired at the barrier surrounding the device, but the Tesseract sent it back her way. The blast knocked Selvig out and Toni backwards.
“I need you to stay by the control unit to reverse the polarity long enough to disengage maglev and that should-”
“Only one so far. But yes,” Nova nodded. She took a deep breath. She and Loki began to turn their side together and the Bifrost began to shine to take them to Asgard.
“Must not have gone well in there?” he asked. Nova sighed, and he nodded. “I knew it would not go well.
“Uh, yeah, bad call babe. He love his hammer!” Toni shouted. Steve threw Toni a dirty look that was meant to say ‘stop’.
“We will find you Nova. I promise,” Loki said through tears. She watched as Thor handed their daughter to another woman. As much as Thor didn’t want to admit, he was crying as well. After Thor handed Nova over, the babe started wailing. But just like that, the crying was gone and so was Nova.
“Well you aren’t the only ones out there, now are you? There are people on this planet that aren’t matched and are uncontrollable,” Fury said.
” the call ended with that. Phil walked the rest of the way to the car, and headed to the Stark Mansion to meet with Fury.
“Oh my god I can’t take this anymore! I can’t take this. I literally cannot handle the stress. I never know if you’re gonna kill yourself or, or, wreck the whole company,” Pepper rambled on.
Rosalinda frowned a little, “Well, I guess. Please don’t take too long, she still needs to do her chores for the day.”
Steve reentered and slammed a H.Y.D.R.A. gun on the table, “This is Phase Two. Sorry Stark, but your way was too slow. You plan to make weapons with the Cube, don’t you?”
“It’s fine.. Sorry for snapping. I need to text my mom, let her know I’m okay. Let’s just go,” Nova replied, getting her phone to text Toni. She turned around to walk away, and Thor grabbed her shoulder.
“Think you might want to let our poor omega breathe Steve, wouldn’t do for him to suffocate on your dick.”
In short Anthony, your father lied to you and the world with regards to your test results, arranged the lab accident and your subsequent stay in hospital so that he could pay for your true orientation to be supressed and for you to pass as a base-line human.
He spent some time licking and sucking her nipples, before worrying the fleshing globes with his teeth leaving rings of red bruises round on the soft pale skin, her soft mewls made him even more aroused as he worked his way down her stomach.  The waistband of her skirt was easily sliced through, the length torn material thrown to the floor.  Her plain white cotton panties followed allowing his first sight of her pubic mound, which was covered in thick blond curls much to his distaste. That would have to be permanently removed but for now his knife would have to do, the sharp edge make quick work of removing her pubic hair, her relaxed limbs easy to push apart so he could scrap away the remaining hair from her cunt lips and around her hole, all the time she was sighing and mewling, with the occasional shiver running through her body.
“Don’t worry, she always talks like this. I saw you fighting earlier, you are gonna have to give me some tips,” Natasha joked.
The two began to fight, and Loki watched from the cliff. He saw Thor strike Toni with lightning, and Toni fire it right back at him through her repulsors. He chuckled to himself.
exactly?” Nick Fury slammed his hands down on Toni’s metal lab table. Even though Fury couldn’t see her face, he knew Toni was rolling her eyes under her welding hood.
“How she used to be?” Toni asked. Her question wasn’t answered though, because Fury came into the room.
“I’m sorry Cap, but hell no. I’m not leaving you to fight these guys alone down here. They both heard an explosion, they saw Loki crash into the penthouse, Hulk not too far behind. “Oh shit.”
Loki came out of his trance, “It’s... it’s too late, Thor. No one can stop this.” Loki looked out onto the city and locked on Nova, who wasn’t too far from Stark Tower battling his army. A grief-stricken look covered his face.
“If we bypass their mainframe and direct route to the Homer cluster we can clock this at around six  hundred teraflops,” Toni commented. She frowned a little. “Sorry for snapping earlier, it just has to do with my kid. Anyway, you should stop by Stark tower sometime. Top ten floors are all R and D. You would totally love it, it’s like Candyland up there.”
“That’s because you never think! You let that girl run your life. You are an irresponsible parent, and you are doing more harm than good with her. You just don’t want to admit it,” Natasha scolded. Toni was taken aback at Natasha’s bite towards her. Toni didn’t know how to respond, so she walked out instead.
Odin yelled. Loki fell to her knees; Thor immediately knelt beside her to make sure she was okay. “Because of both of your foolish actions a life shall be brought into this realm. Because of you actions, there
“But it does, I have come too far for anything else. I am Loki, of Asgard, and I am burdened with glorious purpose,” Loki said. Erik stood up after checking one of the scientists.
“Yes, exactly like your mother. She loved to play tricks on people,” Thor nodded. Nova laughed and looked over at her mom. Thor’s voice turned to a whisper, “She... Loki would be so proud of you. He’s not in his right mind.”
In the next room, Nova was beginning to wake up. She sat up straight and stretched her arms up as high as she could.
Fury didn’t notice the necklace until Nova mentioned it. He walked closer so he could get a good look at it; Fury started to reach for the necklace.
“She is gone. I do not wish to lie to you, but she has been gone since the day of your birth. I was only left with the hollow shell of what she used to be,” Thor said. He was a little uneasy with Nova’s appearance, and Nova noticed that too.
“We aren’t sure. Thor said he would be back, and we’ve been keeping an eye on the people he was with,” Phil replied. Toni sighed and picked the first folder back up.
“You can take me back to the Helicarrier like I just said to. I’m not some kid who doesn’t know how to handle herself,” Nova argued.
“Oh please! You should be thanking me. How much dark energy did the All Father have to muster to conjure you here? Your precious little
