Gavin paused, probably contemplating what the hell a friend of Sherlock's would even look like. The image not being anything worthy of respect no doubt.
Moriarty ran through the crowd, appearing to be desperately looking for something. Big fat messy tears dripping down his face. Then he looked startled, like he'd just remembered something very important and turned to the elevator. Which was being blocked by a giant sodding security guard. Splendid.
. Suddenly realizing where this was going, Sherlock rushed to fix it before he was left stuck on a rock with a bruised cheek. Watching his crestfallen monkey swing away forever. He needed a way down
“Wow, do you need a napkin?” Cujo squints, looking concerned as he tilts his head. “Because that’s an awful lot of bullshit coming out of your mouth.”
Anderson scoffed at him and tossed over a plastic sandwich bag. "Show some respect would you? It's the mayor for christ's sake."
John squashes down the immediate the urge to accompany him. Because that’s unnecessary and Sherlock doesn’t take well to hovering. Telling from the near-shouting match he’d overheard Sherlock having on the phone with his overweight-as-he-is-overbearing older brother. Couldn’t have been a boyfriend given all the sarcastic ‘brother’s’ and ‘brother-dear’s’.
He was met with a snort and glanced back to see Mike lean against the wall and cross his arms over his pudgy middle. "Because my arse'll be frozen to the bloody ground, that's why."
Sherlock immediately relinquished his grip on John’s wrist once his halted his assent. But felt inappropriately baffled at the question. Considering it was him that stopped John, John had the right to ask such a thing. He stopped John in the first place so he must have had a reason. A good, sound, logical reason for delaying John’s inevitable disappearance from his life forever-
“—because I happen to find shooting off to god-knows-where after nearly giving your friend a heart attack rather cruel—wait. You ran away?” John begins to look around a 4/126th  as panicked as Sherlock feels. “Why would you run away?”
Sherlock cocks his head as his pale eyes narrow in glacial consideration. “…would I get to text you in turn?”
Now Sherlock was just frustrated, but he could still feel himself thrumming with excitement. All he needed to do was convince John that he was being outstandingly moronic and cowardly! Sherlock excelled at this. Piece of cake.
Back down the rabbit hole, we go. “All of them, you know this. They use you until they get bored. And there’s a notion. You aren’t ordinary, dear-heart but I’m beginning to doubt your self-control when it comes to choosing not rolling around in plainly daft disease.” Aggravation underlines the tone of skepticism. The disbelief contorting Jim’s expression now morphs into faux-resignation and disappointment, but the disappointment is as honest as his insanity. And Sherlock is strangely touched from a rather pitying frame of reference. Poor boy, slipping through a constant grapple for control of both a thought and an emotion? Hellish, simply hellish. “It’s textbook!”
"How much ya got?" The man asked, face went flat. But he could still see the anticipation in the twitching of his hands and nostrils.
John wanted to growl, but all that came out were angry, British vowels. Good enough.  “…That-That’s really passionate and everything but I can’t afford to take any chances.” He looked mournfully down at his ripped jumper held between his crossed arms when another shiver racked his frame.
"But what about the guy?" he asked quieter, now that they were out of the room. For some reason they made the alarm louder in the surveillance room. Fucking sadists.
Her stern eyes met his in an instant, pinning him in place. He abruptly felt like moving would be a crime, this stare he had been acquainted with many a time. He'd seen that steely determination in so many soldiers. So many. John abruptly felt a new respect swell within him for Mrs. Hudson. As well as a fear. For he'd never been on the receiving end of such a gaze.
The bars shake from sudden pressure, and Sherlock’s hunched form is suddenly embraced from the side and under his knees. Startled, he turns left to see John’s outstretched arms close around him before John scoots him onto his lap,
John bit back a growl and tried to repress the burning rising up his neck and cheeks. He forgot he was half naked and crawling through a strangers home in fear of being shot by someone who was only interested in spiting a wall. Typical. "I'm not a prostitute. Now explain." Sherlock looked down and mumbled something that sounded suspiciously similar to "Superiority complex." and walked off to the kitchen. John blinked as his gun lowered in surprise but he quickly recovered and aimed the gun at him again. "H-Hey! What do you think you're doing?!"
“What chances!” The angered tone caused John to look up. His neck cricked, ow. Sherlock crossed his arms, looking genuinely irked. “
Sherlock remained waiting, but sliced into the false appendage with a tad more force. Huh, eccentric fellow he was. "Was I not allowed to leave before?" He questioned if only to clear this dank atmosphere.
"Hello~" A voice on the other line cooed. "I've successfully made it to the lift without so much as a second glance. So far we're in the clear. I'll notify you once I've reached the 12th floor." She informed them curtly."
"Nothing dramatic, just a mix up in files a few days ago at a family meeting." Gavin humphed sharply in amusement and closed his eyes, appearing to reminisce.
Taking a deep breath, he licked his lips. He could taste his skin in his teeth. Funny. The light snowfall cooled his bruising and bloody face. A relief, soothing his raw, burning skin. John closed his eyes in thanks.
“Oh, I’m sure…” John intersects smoothly and slicks his damp hair back with a hand. Looking a true white-collar if there ever was one. “It’s just that my lawyer happens to have a notably higher percentage on the chart of chance to understand one bloody word on this stupidly articulate contract.” And folds the paper, tucking it away in his pocket. “We’ll have to go over it later.”
The menacing baritone broke through his pained haze, and he opened his eyes to see a tall, blurry figure shoving another one away and rushing towards him. Before it was roughly tackled, the two wrestling until the other triumphed, straddling Sherlock- "Make 'im watch!" The hand in his hair shook his head a bit more, then adjusting his head to look farther in their direction-making his neck crick.
Ignoring the innuendo, he gently but urgently tugs her up by her underarms. Her signature, red bomber-jacket always making a point of matching her red lipstick, it felt like touching silk. I he didn’t know any better he’d label her a snob. “Come on.” Sherlock needlessly coaxes her.
A flicker of surprise pauses John, but John’s been taking lessons in learning to not question Sherlock’s unnatural nature. Now only habitual wraiths of John’s sanity remain.
” The sharp, stuffy curse echoes, Sherlock’s form managing to curl tighter into itself. And John wonders if Sherlock will ever look at him again. “Just give me a mome—“ The sentence is cut off by a hiccupping sob, the gasp catching ‘e’. The unfamiliarity of it is painful to hear.
Sherlock appeared to be stuck in some stupor, his hands were held in a prayers position that resulted in John briefly assuming he was religious at first. Only to be proved extraterrestrially wrong. The thought brought about a concoction of guilt and amusement as he recalled earlier happenings.
Sherlock doesn’t react, just bats his eyes, tilting his head a bit and says. “Yes, that’s what most assume. The process can...be misleading.”
"As if you'd need me. You've got Sherlock." John lightly knocked his shoulder against Sherlock's still form beside him.
Despite them being bitten damn near constantly. He feared to. So, keeping his dealings quiet and cautious, John has managed to evade the spider's reach just barely. Other gangs and networks fading from his peripherals left and right. Always there, taunting. Promising. A true pest if John ever knew one. Although, for whatever the spider had planned, he didn't know which carefully conducted turnout he feared more.
His cheeks are burning and he is not the greater public. Which was stupid. He’s had sleepovers before, not in his own bed but in others when he was a child. But that shouldn’t make a difference. He wasn’t allowed to have friends over of course, wouldn’t want them over either. Mother allotted him that one pleasure any time it made itself free-- This was no different, really. Point being, Sherlock looks sufficiently far past caring. And John wasn’t too enthused to pull an all-nighter or take his chances on moving whatever claimed Sherlock’s bed and possibly losing a limb because of acid or the tomorrow-coherent wrath of Sherlock for messing with his things or something.
Unable to completely hide a pleased smile, Sherlock holds John’s phone back out to him and has to look away, biting his lips over his teeth with a small smirk and shake of his head. And says, “I had my suspicions. “ as excess data runs through his mind in a comfortable, background, ceremonious buzz. Monochrome. Steady, steadily fluctuating in small waves of yes and no. Finally. Clinical factors of creeping roots straining through undiscovered but currently, graciously predictable soil.
Gaze growing a bit blurred now, John settles back and feels something unpleasant spike low in his sternum. With a swallow, he pulls the blanket’s edge to level with Sherlock’s tremoring shoulders. Then rests his palm on the boy’s lightly quivering upper-arm. Now covered in another layer and hopefully preserving warmth. But not enough warmth.
One cannot thrive in pace with another. Thus sacrifice was made. Leaving him the hollow clinical he'd always been meant to be.
It was like watching a movie in a way. The characters misfortune or glee elicited ghosted sympathy or understanding in Sherlock. If only because it was starring him himself. He found the chest constrictions and raging, desperate flares that burned at the memories captivating. Second-handed.
Sherlock threw up his hands. "I can! I'm not surprised by your average intellect, I don't know why I suspected more!" Sherlock threw a glare his way accompanied with a shake of his head. "After all, who in their right mind would meet up with a lot of druggies in alleyway
Sherlock sharply shrugged and twirled him around- pulling a winded and giggling John back into him. "Motifs raisonnables."
A few beats passed and the woman's face grew in triumph. Sherlock closed his eyes and tilted his head back; face looking terribly troubled when he took a deep steadying breath. Exhaling shakily he looked back down at her looking as though he wanted to sob, but his eyes were far too dry. John wanted to reach out and squeeze his shoulder in concern, Sarah looked as though she wanted to as well. "Yeah," His voice cracked on the syllable. "a small red man repeatedly pokes and prods me with his pitchfork, sassing me into oblivion and yelling obscenities spliced with my
He enjoyed the way shock spread across Johns features, although he couldn't say the same for how he quickly repressed it. "An addict." John spoke in a clipped tone.
John emerged grumbling and rubbing the top of his head. Did he do that on purpose? Sherlock merely blinked at him. The prick. Grimacing at the pounding in his still sore head, John turned to lean against to cabinet in an awkward half-crouch half-Indian style position.
John rose an eyebrow and grinned at the daft bloke. "It's minus twelve degrees outside, I'll die." Huffing, Sherlock gave a little grin and waved him off, as if embarrassed. Laughable, that.
The breathy request sounded more like a demand. A dozy one at that, and John feels a sudden spark of pride at the lulling effect his massage had in a mere few minutes. John complies to the demand regardless, and relieved. It was… the least he could do.
Well, John had expressed great distaste for those who detested those who merited…certain preferences in turn. Sherlock could glean as much by the way John’s posture had stiffened in alarm as he assumed Sherlock thought him a homophobe.
"Alright, I'm coming." Kevin replied, nettled, and rolled his eyes. Making sure to get a good, thorough once over of 'him' again. Sherlock wanted to choke him with his ponytail. Kevin went to leave, but turned once he reached the kitchens back entrance, shouting "If you don't get him I will!" To which Sherlock looked away when 'him' looked over.
The knocking started again; shaking John from his stupor. "John let me in, your bandages needed to be changed before you so rudely threatened me with that pencil." He thought he could hear a tint of worry in his voice.  John swallowed and chuckled a bit, a manical little sound, and slid to the floor. The knocking continued. "John. John, I need you to breath." Sherlock spoke in a strict tone. "John!" A yell accompanied the word with a bang on the door.  John blinked and nodded, later realizing that Sherlock didn't have X-ray vision. "Yes. Yes, I'm fine." He focused on his breathing and resolutely ignored the fact he was PTSD-ing on a strangers bathroom floor.
She brushed a few stray hairs from her eyes. "I got a pretty good look at you then, yes." Then she shook her head a little, looking a little upset as though remembering something troubling. "Poor thing looked scared to death when he dragged you in."
A nod and flex of the uninjured hand. And Sherlock’s up and using his left hand as leverage against the locker to rise. Shaky legs probably asleep and twitchy static, making him look terribly awkward. An awkward, wobbly thing with red-rimmed, blue-ringed eyes. Sherlock would spit on himself. It’s vulnerable and uncanny and makes something stern yet soft stiffen his spine and shoulders. John wonders if this is what soldiers felt when they hurled themselves into war under the conditioned yet pit-less falsehood of protecting their loved ones from other soldiers doing exactly that. John exhales, eyeing him patiently and considers asking to carry him again. It would get them back faster and John wouldn’t really mind an excuse to touch him again. It felt …nice. Forbidden and vaguely terrifying but nice.
"Tell me, John. Do you normally threaten people with guns when clad in neon red underwear? Seems bad for business." Sherlock looked down and back up pointedly with a small smirk. "Well, I suppose it depends on the type of business."
Greg's eyes were bright and astonished, and maybe a little guilty, as he looked at John. A small smile slowly curling his lip. Then a coy grin. "I think I'll keep you."
" He accentuated the word with a tear-like gesture of running his finger down his left cheek and a pout. All while continuing his deadly trek.
Sherlock needs to surpass this. ‘This’ being why he agreed to leave the serenity and cherry-wood warmth that is his home’s library in the first place. So far away now, the memorized creaks of waxed, wood flooring hidden by plush rope-carpet that peeked between his pale, bony toes, fat raindrops pattering against a rattling window-frame, vast damp fields of damp, crisp green, miles visible from the musty attic where he would read beneath the sill. Rich, red fur is long, slack and patient beneath his curious fingers, a vital multitask of read and pet, loyalty. Falling in love with solitude, finding a freedom like no other in the perilousness of his existence. Yet wittily poetic, pastel post-it notes stuck in the books held in the fickle but prominent eye of his focus, placed there by none other than his mother. She always knew, always understood. Devoutly praised and given synchronicity graced by a simplistic cross in her study.
inhibitions, all whilst I hang above a fiery pit. For all of eternity." His voice gradually became dull and wry. A sharp noise escaped Sarah, sounding suspiciously similar to humored hysteria. "Thinking 'why?' 'why didn't I heed that plastic woman's warning?'-"
Sherlock briefly looked at him before adding the tea to the pot. "Only when said gun lacks ammunition."
Sherlock lifted the neon-yellow police-tape, the color hurt his peripherals. Didn't want anyone running into it though. Morons. Allowing John to dunk underneath it as well, and
Upon reaching a seemingly unused recycling bin and making to step over, John had noticed the lack of his companions footfalls. Oh, not again.
Gripping the rusted railing a foot from his right, he leaps over it—blessing his slight weight and Irene’s residency on the bottom floor, and sprints alongside the railing in certainties of making it a few yards farther to turn left and into Birkbeck’s maze of sport’s sheds. Kicking up moist dirt as he races down the mowed, thickly-grassed field.
He felt the hand above his right shoulder halt raising the blanket. Then an admittedly strange, quick tap. Affection? "You're welcome, John."
The grin and wide dark eyes made him uneasy, but he knew Carol could handle herself, she couldn't have earned her rank without the possession of certain abilities. Gavin winked at him once more and let himself into the office. He waited until he heard talking on the other side and listened as the two traded courtesies.
Sherlock dips his head in the ghost of a trademark coax seen in boisterous car insurance advertisements. “I can assure you, it’s a deal like no other.”
He must have been staring too long, since the offended peacock averted its narrow gaze to him. A silent, indignant squawk daring him to say something wrong.
"Don't you have a wife at home, Gavin?" Sherlock cut in, serving to make the detective-pest across from him twitch. He hadn't spent twenty minutes convincing the criminal to accompany him to a crime scene, only for Greg to awaken some labor-on-his-part-muted insecurity and make John leave.
“Ah, sorry.” John drones a bit and blindly pats an arm, reasonably dog-tired down to his bones by now. Between their awkward trek back in silence after Sherlock’s butt-attempt at lightening the mood by informing him of how their intimate position would go seen and gossiped about by the entirety of the surveillance crew—and later the entire university—and John’s immediate, irate, exhaustion-induced ‘Good.’ , a rather poor abscond attempt to escape heinous hydrogen peroxide swabs from reaching their sanguinary destination and an even more brutal tackle to the fucking bed—nearly hitting the floor, god damn this guy was death on legs—though it was more of a fortunate trip over something that sounded dangerous and allowed John a
But all he can feel is an unadulterated calm settling deep in his bones, light curiosity and a muted familiarity that held no residence in reality. The deft fingers set about observing his palms while their owner’s soft-hued eyes endeavor the same. Tracing feather-light fingertips over the short indents of John’s lifelines with his left hand, the soft touch later felt along the opposingly calloused fingertips of his other hand. John feels a fond flicker of envy, how was it that a boy who found such joy in setting steel wool alight with a frankly disturbing disregard for his main mechanics and safety gear pose such a soft touch?
Blood splattered across the protective-glass of the soldiers mask. The soldiers wide eyes stared down at his victim in shock, arm frozen mid-air. John realized then, with dread gripping his chest in a steadily-tightening fist, that Sherlock had just spat on the feral animal above him.
"What the hell are you doing?" Sherlock merely hummed and continued slicing thin cuts into a severed finger with a piece of notebook paper; posture slouching over the kitchen table as his eyes squinted in concentration. The finger appeared dried out and old, blood long drained from its veins, now being carved into: the marks looking suspiciously akin to tribal. "Experimenting." John, however, continued observing the scene in a flummoxed fashion. Debating whether or not he should just book it then and there. Who's finger was that? Oh god was he next? Guess he wasn't too far off with the psychopath proposition. He thought in fearful humour.
. John shouldn’t be so surprised, he shouldn’t be. But he still has no idea what the fuck managed to distress this clinical
It had been two weeks and five days since he'd experienced a rather rude awakening. To Sherlock's particularly gruesome habit. He'd been previously alluded to Sherlock's more often than not peculiar schedule. Steadily declining boundaries, easily asking the strangest of things. Well, not just strange...briefly alarming maybe. The look Sherlock had on his face was just...strange. Complete indifference to substance abuse, and hell, even his beloved tobacco.
Keeping his pace brisk, John made a sharp turn out of the café and towards the apartment’s front door.
"It's Greg." Was all 'Greg' grounded out before John piped up and introduced himself. Frowning at Sherlock sideways as he stepped forward, his cheeks taking on a pink tint. Which was strange. Sherlock had only reminded Greg that he had a wife to get home to. That he should hurry and let them through. Their marriage was suffering after all.
But no matter. They would be reunited in due course. Besides, John was no doubt still cross with him. Perhaps this ludicrously long wait was necessary. Let him cool down. He would explain eventually. He would get the chance.
"Come on! We need to evacuate the premises!" She yelled back and proceeded to drag him out the door.
Perhaps Sherlock immediately being reduced to quivering mess of apprehensive shambles as he lay motionless in John’s arms shouldn’t have struck him as too surprising. Being homosexual was utterly unfair and utterly unfairly beyond his control. It’s a bit of an inside joke, now. Like his nest-like hair or spider fingers, all equally beyond his choice or ability to commandeer.
Sherlock keeps up his sprint, feeling a bit like a gazelle, and jumps over a fallen tin garbage can. The paper-thin converse sneakers acting as little more than a sock to cushion the landing, and making his heels ache. No matter, he’d lose the guard in no time at all. Sherlock grinds to a halt, before propelling himself to the right and into a maze of wooden, creaky sheds housing sports equipment. All within five or more feet of each other. Perfect.
Sherlock slouches, his rubber soles keeping his legs half bent while he breathes without restraint. He breathes in again. And again. Another inhale, another exhale. Another. He chokes on it. He tries one more time. But it
And there stood 5 feet and 6 inches of unalloyed madness dressed to the nines in crisp Givenchy and deliberate cruelty, eighteen years in the making now.
He thought, the monsters panting behind him echoed in his eardrums. It wouldn't have been so bad to hear if he'd been in a different situation. A situation involving more attractive, naked people and less manic druggies.
Sherlock looked at him for a little while, giving him a small but genuine smile. "Thank you, John." He turned back towards the fireplace and steepled his fingers beneath his chin. "Any other questions?"
himself against the unprecedented-as-it-is-unknown, nanosecond-long sensation, letting out a small, choked off sound as he does so. Quickly smothering it with a show of clearing his throat as the idea of scaring Sherlock by making him think his face gave him the reaction it did—well it
"Alright, that's quite enough." Kevin was interrupted sharply by the voice of a man barely repressing his hysteria.
“That’s none of your concern, dear.” John refines, sugary sweet and condescending, causing the figure in front of him to stiffen. “ And while you’re entertaining commentary and reciting the obvious have been fun…” He shrugged and met Sherlock’s eyes blankly. “I’m afraid I’ll have to miss your next opening night.” And a resigned lip purse to finish. Flawless.
improbable, I am taking no chances.” Sherlock hisses down at his zipper, coming to a stand at the door.
The parade was risky and he knew it, but recent events weren't lessening their spirits for tradition. He knew he'd just get his arse chewed if he even suggested it, because he had tried, but the bloody fools didn't listen.
Then looked around, finally taking note of his short breath, the bloody bandages tossed haphazardly over the bathroom counter, his reflection....
A disbelieving scoff. “Oh, as if.” Just the right amount of cynicism and sass. Sherlock suddenly wants to kiss him. Mindless of how John’s suitcase zipper freezes mid-journey from its twin in alarm at his own comment. But Sherlock just removes his other earphone. Edith Piaf wasn’t helping the urge.
of all people. Just so he can find them and shove a cacti-trophy up their tight arse for managing the seemingly-impossible task of distressing this sophisticated egghead of a hellion.
he intoned for a moment with an eagle gesture before sliding to the side and continuing. "-see it in my dreams do you know what? Do you know what?" He sang/spoke quickly. "Walking along all of your broken body parts." He imitated walking warily over them, holding his invisible skirt in the air as he stared downwards with a fearful expression, and walked closer to the rifle.
There was also the fact that Sherlock could call the police, but he'd been pretty adamant on his denials of doing so. But then...he was quite the drama queen.
John's lips twitched, he bent down to kiss him. Keeping his hands on either side of Sherlock's head. Sherlock retaliated by raising his hand up to cup the back of John's head and scraped his fingers across John's scalp lightly, enjoying the shiver he received. He deepened the kiss a bit more and brushed his tongue along the roof of John's mouth.
John didn't find her words patronizing whatsoever, to be truthful, he was glad that Sherlock had someone else looking out for him.
If anything, John was glad to be here for Sherlock. Make sure he’s all right. Sherlock’s casual disengagement made John uneasy, he’s been wary ever since the monkey-bar incident. It was kind of…terrifying. To call for help and see people, people who run just like you, breath just like you, see just like you. Let you suffer. And Sherlock’s aloof acceptance only made it worse.
A niggling fondness at the abrupt quirk was inevitable. And soon enough John found himself grinning a little through his sleepy daze. Perhaps this could merit an addendum, three days of exposure would make for a lengthy blockbuster already. Chapter six: The dead-pan, posh princess and the dull-as-dishwater, delayed pauper.
“Uh, hi.” John begins, sounding put off by his immediate disregard. And stay off, would you? “My name’s John.”
They a raised brow and blinked in surprise until they finally turned their head forward with a chuckle. "Thank you, I suppose." Thankfully no one was on the streets at this hour so there no people to bear witness to the strange scene, for which Sherlock was immensely grateful for. "Aren't you worried about the fact that a stranger is taking you to an unknown location, especially in your current condition?" He asked mostly to keep John alert and, but most importantly, conscious.
John met his eyes for a moment and stared. Accidently starting a staring contest of sorts. Which mostly composed of John trying to label at least one shade of Sherlock's unusual eyes. Was that
Flipping open the complicated little microscope as he jogged over. Lestrade followed suit. Two other detectives as John would assume were standing nearby, one thin, pale male wearing sky-blue shrubs not unlike his own. The other a dark-skinned, lithe female dressed smartly in her pea coat and three inch heels. Both looking irritated at Sherlock's existence.
John looked at the way Sherlock's irises gleamed as the fire illuminated them from an angle. "Yes, actually." He made his voice go serious, he had to remember the situation he was in. He was hurt and he couldn't run away-a mere jacket wouldn't help in this flurry, and he had no idea where the tubes were. "Do you have any plans to prosecute me?" Sherlock must have noticed his tone because the serene expression was gone as quickly as it appeared. John almost regretted saying anything.
you. Nobody wants assisted murder on their record, now do they?" Almost immediately, her face took on a sweet appearance, as if she hadn't just compared a mans life to her red heel. Looking down at them, he had to admit. They were pretty great shoes. "Let him through.
With a silent sigh, he relents the inward chastising. John had more important matters at hand. And the sight before him has only aided his unease. John rushes down the way they came, with nowhere better in mind anyways. Not accusing, not saying his teammate was a bully or possible murderer.
Sherlock huffs a sudden laugh and flips to page 402. The Sanctuary of Hercules housed another hideous, unknown Roman General, marvelous. Was he nicknamed toothless in his day? “And London’s falling. Why are you here?”
Moriarty twirled into the room with a hum, listening to the even beeping below him. "I am quite acquainted with ill intention, and I'm many a time the object of peoples extensive aggression." He sang as he closed his eyes with an openmouthed grimace, stepping forward gracefully. Suddenly popping his eyes open and crinkling them sadly, he gestured towards the right as if interrogating someone. "Though I cannot fathom why. Most times it makes me want to
He wants to soar, scoffing at the very prospect all the while. Leap off Lady Liberty, crash headfirst into the Thames, feel the wind bite his nose and flick his hair, and do it all again. Until he can’t take the fall anymore. Not as if he expects to get that far. Fully expecting to leave an unrecognizable, spongy cadaver floating below London’s Tower Bridge at 33. Mycroft would choke to death during the reading of his will, poor Mycroft had always been a stress-eater—he’d put a great deal of thought into it after all, would be a shame if they interrupted it mid-clever, Putin and smuggled Sugar Daddy candy and Donald Trump reference. America deserved a proper farewell too.
"You're young and inexperienced so you don't know what you're missing." Is Anderson's intellectual surmising, his drunken laugh sprays spit. "Sherlock the wide-eyed virgin!" He curtly crows on a slur, arms uncrossing to curl around his aching midsection. It's not fuzzy, Sherlock finds himself noting in annoyance. And dear god, why couldn't people just leave his sex life be? It's none of their sodding business! Why was it even socially acceptable to just-up and ask about a stranger's dick? Wasn't he supposed to be the gay one?!
"John let me in, your bandages needed to be changed before you so rudely threatened me with that pencil." John thought he could hear a hint of worry in the voice.
Oh, his back aches from the crouched position he’d held it in for hours. Sherlock groans and rubs at it, finally looking up at John in the real.
"Heads up!" Phil shouts after chucking over the intended-to-be-unexpected green and white rugby ball. They hadn't thrown him a ball the entire game, and it was gnawing at him. So, perhaps a little too eagerly, John catches the ball in his palms, the impact making a small 'skssh' against his palms. And dodges an unforeseen blur of black, white and blue. The object—person—not even registering in his mind before he makes his sharp evade. And propels down the soggy field, kicking up mud as he goes, the wet dirt splashes against the back of his legs. Rain pellets torrent his face and body and soak his green and white uniform. The freezing down-poor does absolutely
Finally completing three pages of pointless preliminary tests to evaluate his Advanced Placement being a right lie or not, he flips the red, scrawl-covered binder shut with a satisfying snap, they’d later appoint him ahead of any and all students accompanying him to his lectures. No, ‘Ignoring him to his lectures’ fits the bill better. Sherlock turns around, uncurling his legs from their Indian position as he goes, and bends his knees up so his elbows can rest on them.
"Don't be daft of course, I do." Sherlock sniffed and looked away, seeming to enjoy the conversation way too much. John had only just met the man, but by god, if he didn’t want to ring his skinny neck.
John sighed at his besotted-sack-of-potato-ness and turned. One foot stepping back onto the previous step in order to peer down at Sherlock. “Yes?”
Sherlock briefly looked at him before adding the tea to the pot. Setting two mugs of tea on the counter in front of John, he looked at the wall and let out a frustrated breath. "Is your head as hollow as that gun barrel?" He fixed his indifferent gaze back on John and gestured at the bullets in the wall sharply. "There's evidently six bullet holes in the wall and you couldn't have possibly slept through all of them." John pursed his lips in distaste. "You can't expect someone to be that perceptive, regarding their reaction to hearing such a thing, or not knowing the type of gun it was." John looked at him with skepticism. "What? Did you expect me to solely recognize the guns type by the sound of its fire?" He asked sarcastically.
"Now." Lestrade affirmed, no dilly-dally. "I'll meet John, you and the team on the roof later, I've still got some panic to quell. The tabloids are going mad."
He shifts the two bags in his hand-- in his left as his right was primarily used for most tasks and he wouldn't mind evening the muscle mass. The papery plastic digging into his palm discomforting, and opens the glass doors housing the empty main lobby (Mrs. Hudson must have gotten off early). Set on stuffing his Mexican (and flammable, unlike pussy-footing American Crayola) crayons, an extra binder, and his emergency Marlboro's into his parcel locker. Then extending his essay to delineate Milkomeda's predicted affair. And ignoring his takeout until John asks if he can have it.
Sherlock scoffed as though the papers were insulting his livelihood and tossed another booklet aside, immediately reaching for another. Who the hell could he be hiring (John winced as another resume was thrown down carelessly, poor Eduardo hadn't a snowballs chance in hell.) and for what? "Speaking of which, it's probably done. Washing cycles generally take around fourty-five minutes, not seventy-two hours."
But there, beneath an open locker door as it lightly swings from left to right in mind-numbingly slow tilts from an unknown force, he sees a hunching figure. Only when it’s illuminated in bright red headlighting does John rush down the hall. A mere 12 yards, footsteps quiet and growing steadily conflicted. Was he all right? Why was he cradling his head? Was he hurt? There was no blood but that meant nothing. Why was his posture so loose? Was that a good thing? Heavy breathing. Panting, had he out-run someone?
"John, Captain John H. Watson. Army Doctor. Nice to meet you." He paused and glanced at Sherlock, before finally relenting at the nervous lip purse John aimed his way. Taking the offered hand and shaking it stiffly.
"Hello, I believe we've already reserved a room, monsieur?" He asked in a French accent and grinned down at Sarah as he jiggled her shoulders a little, causing her to giggle.
Sherlock looked down at John and nodded to the shrub-clad male. "Bullet, Anderson? And I take it you've kept the mayors head in its exact position since its unfortunate leister?"
"John. John, I need you to breath." Sherlock spoke in a strict tone. Wait, he was breathing wasn't he?
She made a distressed sound in her throat. "He brings in all sorts of icky things! Heads, hands, eyes in jars, toes and scalps! It’s terrible! On one memorable occasion he even went as far as to bring home half a body. Dropped the bloody legs right down the stairs he did!"
The figure stiffened abruptly, and sat up, gripping the arm rests. "You really think so? It doesn't strike you as... strange?" John just blinked at the weary creature, a small smile still remaining on his face.
A pause. “No, actually. Just…you. Huh. Well- there was someone- but yeah just you.” John, looking every bit a pitiful mixture of shame and sadness for a moment, looked down once more. At least he wasn’t offended when Sherlock addressed his less-than-seemly habit.
Sherlock clears his throat and looks up at her pointedly. She ignores him and continues. “’How did they get this way?’”
John finally exhales, the action slow and comfortable, and stares as the white mist drifts into nothingness, the surrounding drizzle dwindling his fire. He closes his eyes at the sight, and keeps his head lilted back, skull rested on the first knob of his thoracic vertebrae. Allowing his insides a cold, sharp spike and heart a constricting twinge. He allows both for reasons unknown, reasons unnecessary to know. Thunder crashes once more, this time it's closer, louder, fiercer. Making John's eyes flutter to a close, breath hitching at the reminder, and he feels the sky.
"What's wrong mommy?" Sarah asked in confusion, brushing a stray hair away from Carol's rapidly wetting face. Carol shook her inclined head and let out a wet laugh. She turned to look at her safe, alive, happy, and unharmed daughter and attempted to smile comfortingly, but her lips started quivering.
John sucked and bit at the inside of his cheek. Clicking his tongue, John looked down again and was met with a raised brow in response to his 'disciplining-mother's' pose. "It's indecent, I refuse."
, the next he’s hunted down and stalked by the woman, as the students had taken to calling her. If they didn’t hate him then, they sure as hell did now.
Sherlock's head snapped up, a frown marring his features. "It is an experiment. You have no reason to assume otherwise." Was that supposed to reassure him? John sighed leaning against the counter and sipped his tea with a grimace. The sight in front of him was nothing less than troubling but he wouldn't let it go to waste. He'd learned long ago not to waste luxuries, no matter how simple, regret was ugly.
Having his entire life declared to him from his wallet wasn't something John thought he'd ever experience. But he was in awe. "That was brilliant. Absolutely brilliant." He said after a pause, eyes narrowed at the figure incredulously. He may have sounded a little too reverent, but Sherlock deserved to know. Telling from Sherlock's expression, he had been expecting something rather different. Which was strange.
“Heads up, butts down and don’t you forget it!” Is the closing shout, an equally ostentatious one to its opener. Predictable bastar—
John pauses placing his shark socks aside, frowning for a moment. Sherlock’s sudden concern was unexpected. So could you blame him for being a tad surprised? Sherlock was the very pinnacle of apathy and sass.
"Oh, thank you so much!" He landed a quick kiss on each of her cheeks and ran into the elevator. Still a faking, blubbering mess.
The embrace had been so desperate and sudden, as though John couldn’t have stopped himself from holding him if he tried. Did he try? Why didn’t he try?
Lestrade shook the thought from his mind and sat back in his plush swivel chair with a sigh. He had a few calls to make.
John watched in growing horror with every sentence the dejected looking woman uttered, she had been crying judging from her red rimmed eyes and smudged mascara, though she seemed to have made an attempt to fix it. Poor girl, it hadn't worked in the slightest.
Sherlock sighed and dropped his hands heavily to the table; making John jump slightly. Vexed eyes made him still. "Oh, would you calm yourself?"
"Inane, you would have been dead by now. I was actually expecting it." Sherlock provided helpfully and grunted, half dragging him and half contemplating the consequences of carrying him down the hall. It was a miracle he'd managed to make it to the bathroom on his own, really. John scrunched his brows and squinted at him but chose not to comment. Upon reaching the bedroom door Sherlock realized he couldn't use his hands and kicked the door open while John winced at the noise.
The latter answered with a casual. "Awe, sweetheart. I miss you too, I'll meet you there alright? I've also got little Sarah with me. She can't wait to see you." She heard a little girl laugh on the other end of the line and felt tears burn her eyes.
And there ‘him’ was. Swaying to the now calm and low chorus of La Vie En Rose, taking diminutive steps from left to right, if only to pass it off as dancing and not attract attention. He looked at other lovers simply breathing each-other in with a quiet sort of longing. Nursing a half full glass of champagne all the while. The dancing skills weren't to die for, but the man himself- as even Sherlock had to admit- was quite a sight. Dressed in a fitting tan dress suit, a soft pink dress shirt, and black tie. All in complementing contrast to each other. Good, he wasn't a complete moron. His hair was a sandy blond, short, and well kept. He seemed to have applied some hair product as well. He
But he’s already on his knees. Pulling the bony frame into his warmer one the second the plea is whimpered—holding the boy in an all-or-nothing embrace, one arm hooked behind his neck and cradling his head close, John’s other arm pulling his upper-back away from chilled steel. John isn’t surprised by his reaction in the slightest, he’s always known he was a loyal, bloody-minded dog. He had been commandeered. Sherlock was never an exception, he was worse. Far worse. And it’s only been
John awoke with a start, shooting up and rolling out of bed in a whirl of sheets and panic. He landed on the hardwood floor with a grunt, still tangled in the white sheets. As he struggled to free himself another gun shot rang out, confirming his suspicions and adding to his growing anxiety. He kept himself low and behind the bed in fear of being shot.
“Why?” Mike’s expression contorts into one of incredulous shock as his eyes dart over their teammates and back to him in rapid looks of confusion. They finally steady on John as he blurts out, “He isn’t even here… Where are you going anyways?!”
accidently letting it smack Greg in the head upon releasing it. Yeah, he saw that. John muttered an apology to him before catching up with Sherlock's long strides.
Now he only did it because going harpooning for boars made Mrs. Hudson nervous. ...plus, he could delve into their pasts and find any ties to an earlier enemy. Maybe one was trying contact him.
With a growl of warning, an implication of ‘you’re pushing it’ ringing silently through the air, Sherlock bats the hand aside and shrugs off the other hand still present on his shoulder. Nettlesome enough, it stays. “What is?”
Sherlock took a tiny microscope out of his coat pocket, grabbing John's hand in his own and turning it over. Pushing the tiny microscope into his palm before darting towards the corpse. It was still seated inside the carriage. John blinked down at his hand.
They refrained from putting up a white tent over the scene. Must have been a pain for Lestrade to convince them not to cover Charles. He seemed to know Sherlock quite well to be able to forsee such a detail. Maybe even similar in his investigating skills. Instead of just allowing people close to Charles to stifle their progress for reasons relating to dignity. Easily allowing them a decent view of the surrounding area. Buildings. Buildings in which their assassin had not long before hid just beyond. Everywhere. Joyous.
He enjoyed the way shock spread across Johns features, although he couldn't say the same for how he quickly repressed it. "An addict." He spoke in a clipped tone.
"No, nothing, sorry for the disturbance, by any chance have you seen a brown and black jumper? Around ye long and ye wide?" He gestured the size sharply, his voice tense and leg bouncing nervously.
John finds himself marveling at his stamina every now and again. As he pushes himself to the very limit, to the very edge, to the promised land. Only to find he has to stop and turn back, but that he can keep going. He feels unstoppable. Not even the slurring sods on his new team can get him down. The adrenaline licks through his veins as ice allows a minute extinguish. Making for a dizzying blend. He's loose and sharp, everything in a focused haze.
John just raises his brows at him smugly, rendering Sherlock vocal, and complements him. “Nice makeup.”
And then he’d speak. All traces of femininity were officially vanquished beneath a fluent baritone. Shameless in its own right in more ways than one…
.” He announces mockingly grand and shimmies his suddenly-air-born hands in the air at the title, feeling rather foolish at his failed attempt at slang, then snaps his hands down. Because he did not do
Slipping his jeans back on with a decisive, awkward hip-wiggle, John barks back at Mike, “Get Anderson to fill in!” trying to calmly tie the laces on his ratty Chuck Taylor’s but muttering ‘fuck it’ before simply stuffing them in on either side of his feet.
Sherlock was merely some creepy psychic or stalker who knew everything about anyone. The negative feedback shocked John for a second, because the object of their ire was so…brilliant. Otherworldly in a way, sure,  but couldn’t they see past their initial alarm? The assumptions made sense, but once they saw the method to the invasion of privacy it was actually pretty cool.
Not that he'd ever tell the real John that. John would be mad, disgusted at him, horrified and quite possibly terrified. Sherlock couldn't have that.
inhibitions, all whilst I hang above a fiery pit. For all of eternity." His voice gradually became dull and wry. A sharp noise escaped Sarah, sounding suspiciously similar to humored hysteria. "Thinking 'why?' 'why didn't I heed that plastic woman's warning?'-"
Mrs. Hudson hummed and picked up a dented can of soup. "I'm afraid it's already too late for that, dear." She beckoned him over to the counter, tapping a leather barstool that had seen better days.
“Which first?” The question makes his eyes snap back to him. Anderson fixes his blurry gaze on his--maybe it's just his gaze making him blurry--, his lip a disdainful curl, his slurred voice breaks Sherlock's buzz. And squeezes Sherlock’s dying fingers and face hard. He's going to bruise. “Teeth or fingers?”
John brushes a thumb over Sherlock’s side before thinking better of the intimate gesture. Not that it was intended to be intimate. It was just easy, everything still felt so surreal, John was sure he would wake up screaming soon.
“Yes?” He drawls deliberately drone with an aimless try at gaining more than seven centimeters of space from the precarious prick.
John hummed in amusement and resumed his watch on the street ahead. Mary had always called him a patient man. But it was at times like these that he couldn’t possibly bear a mere ounce of patience, much less being calm. It was at times like these he questioned how he’d gotten here in the first place, what he could have done differently to prevent himself from becoming the guy parents had warned their children about. About becoming.
"Carrie, you might wanna take a look at this." Daryll looked at the screen warily. An eerie, masked figure dashed through the hallways. Carrie came over not a second later and leaned over the desk on her hands, causing the fabric of her blue dress shirt to rustle. And observed the computer with her mouth set in a grim line.
His phone began to vibrate, Sherlock quietly cursing before the device could shatter onto the floor. It was Lestrade. Sherlock bounced on his heels and up to the frosted window. Allowing it to ring four more times before answering. The man had been giving him horrifically simple cases for months now. Honestly, he'd nearly tossed the stack of resumes back in the audacious imbeciles mug. Did they really expect to have the most observant man in the world leaf through resumes for fun?
But it made for a bitter metaphor. A bitter independence. It was him against the world. Sure, he'd always be there for those in need, for those who asked. And with that he was content. Although recently, he'd begun to question his giving nature and its consumers, sure he continued his services... Perhaps for the selfish hope that it may be returned someday.
Thinking Sherlock was being philosophical again, he answers in kind, hands still trifling through his laundry basket distractedly, he always folds his socks first.  “Why are you always so eager to deny?”
“Sherlock?” He voices the name quietly, all his worry somehow voiced in two mere vowels. Nothing, Sherlock continues his quiet, labored breathing. John says it again, fighting the urge to touch him instead.
Sherlock scoffs and shakes off John’s hand, leaning away when the rough affection doesn’t cease. Leaving his hair in a  disastrous flurry. John snickers when an image of a disgruntled poodle pops up, checking the clock on the wall out of habit. And swivels on his heel to go grab his wallet.
The ceiling sports a dull, stained and flickering row of fluorescent LED bar lights, around four or six feet of space separating them and casting shadows in each space. Dark splotches of shade are only faintly alight from headlights red, blue and orange that dance across the eerie areas. Gleaming through the vast hallway windows from his right and onto the locker walls to his left. It felt wrong. Unwelcome. Forbidding even. Similar in definition to a word he’d learnt in English class. Kenopsia?
“What do you mean ‘why’?” John replies and leans notably closer, eyeing him in poorly obscured alarm. Sherlock leans back a little to maintain the aftereffects of his minor conniption. “Jesus, Sherlock. You’re as pale as the damn chalkboard.”
Today was Lord Mayor's Show. If you knew what that was then you'd know that on this day the mayor of London would lead a parade of over 6,000 people through the streets. Military marching bands, Chinese acrobats- the whole shebang.
John inhaled, looked to the side, and muffled a scream. Before Sherlock could ask if he was hurt a series of bangs assaulted the front door. After a few moments passed in contemplation of whether John should answer the door three more knocks sounded, making him sympathize for their knuckles. "Who would be out in this flurry?" John asked a bit stumped at the idea of someone driving, much less
But he supposed it was a little late to prevent such a reaction. He should've been more cautious, why wasn't he more careful?!  Sherlock growled, relaxing at the dull throb and sting of broken flesh his hand gave as it came in contact with the aluminum bed frame. How was he supposed to predict the Yard growing a lick of sense?
, through such weather. Any of Sherlock's neighbors were completely out of the question, noting the fact that Sherlock harassed them constantly. Regardless of whether they were confronting him or keeping to themselves. Heaven knows how he'd kept his residency.
Then a deep growl reverberates his core. Sherlock’s eyes snap up, stomach sinking impossibly deeper by the nanosecond. Staying perfectly still, he backs away. Already intent on sprinting around the shed behond him and ripping through a creaky maze of vacant hopelessness.
Opening his mouth, John made to answer with exactly what he could do. Coming up empty with a proper way to express his solution, he glanced at the solution hanging by the front door, hoping to get his message across.
John’s eyes shoot open at his name, then frenetically blink as droplets assault his corneas, quickly turning around to see his coach. “Ah, what—what is it, sir?”
John has managed to avoid stray thoughts of pale eyelids delicately tinted the faintest of purples, salty tear-tracks preceding a quivering chin and soothing or stinging crescents of red in their downwards journey, a formidable gloom of pure wrongness, violated rage that scared even him in its intensity, bloodied fingertips and soft winces, cold hands felt through tightly-knit wool, a solidly mellow embrace as unnamed hysteria flooded his chest and suffocated him quietly, pain blurs, then warmth, and restless rest.
Sherlock’s brow twitches. Liar. Sex pheromones dissipated within roughly three to five hours after coitus. Nor had he even… engaged in the repulsive practice...
. He quickly rationalized. Plus, the guy seemed like he deserved it, and John's always been one for righteousness. And if he were being honest with himself, he quite liked the cozy feeling of being engulfed by familiar soft warmth. Not familiar in the sense of a mothers embrace, no. Something about harsh whipping winds not making it past his impenetrable woolen shield.
It was laughable. “I’m an athlete. I eat, like, four trays. What’s the shame in one more?” John defends, amused and re-lacing up his shoe. If there was one thing he wasn’t ashamed of, it was his appetite. He needed his nutrients, lest he faint before a touchdown. Scary.
There was a surprised silence. Sherlock laughed a little under his breath, sounding impressed and turned to Lestrade. His posture screamed 'I don't make friends but when I do *insert excited gesturing*'. Lestrade and the others were still eyeing John with odd expressions. "So we've got our range of one eighty, let's do the maths shall we?"
With a curl of his upper lip, Sherlock kicks the door, succeeding in only erupting yet a stronger roar of guffaws, and stomps off to homeroom in rebellion of the limp Jim knew he now harbored.
John twitched. Were they fucking kidding him? They were adults. Not children pleading for the last cookie. John was not the last cookie. He did not deal cookies, he dealt drugs. A little indignant at the situation: a fully grown man, an inspector, an officer being forced to allow an unknown man to totter around classified crime scenes and be made aware of confidential fact. Just because the brilliant druggie next to him forced him to. Wordlessly!
"You're late." The dejected looking man uttered, dark rings under his half-shut eyes. He sounded lightly surprised beneath the initial frustration. "We've only got five hours."
Well, off to deafening, static chaos to prevent his friend from starving to death. An eardrum-sacrificial endeavor John Watson has bravely undertaken. John thrusts his hand forward, imitating a knight hailing his mighty sword, the theatrical motion goes unseen in the abandoned corridor. The guys directing Camelot’s play this year would preen at his form
John felt himself be clutched close, a cold, painfully tight grip on his forearms. He jerked his head upwards in alarm, and heard Sherlock begin speaking. Voice harsh and calm and uncomfortably close. "Oh, how could I forget?" The sentence bordered closely on a growl. " I can be harassed, discriminated, reviled, but god forbid I do anything in retaliation." His baritone gradually deepening in rage, eyes boring into his own.
Sherlock sat on the corner of the bed; rumpling the old, patched quilt beneath him, and linked thin, pale fingers over a crossed knee, a decent space separating them.
A voice sounding akin in tone to Mycroft’s berated him, Sherlock tells it to suck a low-fat egg. “How can you stand such infernal vocals?” He asks from his crestfallen position on the floor.
How long would Sherlock have stayed out there until someone finally decided to pry his frozen corpse off the bars and deal with the consequences?
.  But--You see, the very prospect of one’s own barrier being encroached upon in such callous—perhaps jeering--, domineer, of any thing beyond exterior, any thing just past epidermis, the several fragile layers that have woven to welcome and microscopically thread together throughout years and inevitable years of thrilled and despaired growth, all to protect what lay just beneath. Several harrowingly delicate layers that allow its inner-titan to make morning coffee without thin sheets of tendon sheathing frail bone and knuckle erupting in mind-boggling pain, that allow a kiss from a lover without sanguinary residue, that prevent clothing from sticking to slimy, bare muscle and jolting raw nerve fibers from the cotton kissing fully excoriated physique.
“Volume, John.” Sherlock muttered, eyeing the ceiling where a few, rather excitable humanitarians lived just above. “But yes, you are a delinquent. A delinquent without a name, nor a face.” Sherlock suggested imploringly.
“I’m not eager at all.” Is Sherlock’s uneager reply. “You on the other hand, seem to love and loathe playing the team’s lapdog.”
A soft, disgruntled noise exhales in surprise as John drops Sherlock onto his mattress instead of…whatever Sherlock’s was supposed to be. Hard to tell, through the eerie umbra casted over the dorm, thin slivers of light peeking through closed blinds not doing much and only serving to make their floor look like zebra’s skin. Everything seemed dark, alien and misshapen. If he were six he’d probably cry at the shadowed lamp’s head hovering over the back of his desk-chair and wail about an evil cyclops. Perfect timing for their only light-source to burn out, truly superb. At least John managed to situate Sherlock before the untimely blackout.
John smiled slightly and put on an expression of what he hoped was sheepish and apologetic; scrubbing the back of his head.
"You have no idea how long it took him to convince me to let you stay here and not call an ambulance. To not have the authorities take care of you instead." Knowing where this was going, John slouched his shoulders, beginning to feel a little silly in the extravagant coat.
. I can decide whether or not I want you to eat out of garbage cans for the rest of your life with a snap of my fingers. I can-and will-
Kick after blow landed sharply on his torso, arms, and legs. He felt so vulnerable lying underneath these monsters, it was maddening. Never knowing when a blow was coming, there was no pattern, no order, just cold fear and apprehension pumping through his very fucking being. And he couldn't do anything about it.
Pursing his lips in distaste at the mans literality he voiced. "I just have some concerns." Sherlock raised a brow. "For example, who does that finger belong to?"
"The last door, at the end of the hall. And do mind your injuries." John had never ran so fast. Reaching the door he was met with the heavenly sight of a pearly white bowl and shut the door behind him. After he relieved himself and nearly cried he began to contemplate what the
“Of course I’m not dead, why would I be dead?” Sherlock questions a little dazedly when the strangeness of the prompt finally rears its strange head.
John blinked his wide-eyed gaze through the Plexiglas, feeling as though his gaze could rival that of an owls. Momentarily wondering if he looked anything like that disturbing proptosis patient he saw in Afghanistan, he hesitantly strolled closer to the café. So this is what Sherlock had warned him about.
John blinked his wide-eyed gaze through the Plexiglas, feeling as though his gaze could rival that of an owls. Momentarily wondering if he looked anything like that disturbing proptosis patient he saw in Afghanistan, he hesitantly strolled closer to the café. So this is what Sherlock had warned him about.
Greg then blew out a breath, seeming even more aged than he had but a moment ago. "If I ask him to leave will you still investigate?"
The parade was risky and he knew it, but recent events weren't lessening their spirits for tradition. He knew he'd just get his arse chewed if he even suggested it, because he had tried, but the bloody fools didn't listen.
He groaned, feeling his head lol onto the soft fabric of a coat. When the unsettling sensation passed, he cocked his head back gently and tried to comprehend what was happening. "John, are you alright?" Too far gone to notice the odd use of his name from a complete stranger. He opened his eyes to look at his savior and paused.
“Happy birthday,” John mumbles with a slight rasp as the reminder pops in his head like a twitter notification. Rubs a sluggish fist over his eye, then the heel of his hand over his other eye.
He watched him leave; feeling beginnings of guilt weigh on his conscience and sighed. He hadn't meant to snap like that. John had been raised to respect the opposite sex for decades, men being made out as brutes, and hell, even monsters. He was rather nettled at the fact he'd been so easily influenced throughout. It wasn't too uncanny minding the brutes he dealt with on a weekly basis. But god, what was he thinking? Attacking him like that, sure what he said was horrible but that was no excuse. Sherlock was nothing like those ogres. And the woman had surely been...unpleasant.
Sherlock rolls his eyes so intensely a tiny flicker of pain shocks in his temples, and remains, even as he moves to brush off the thick layer of dust coating his trousers like paramagnetic particles, and sneezes.
Scowling and damning Sherlock’s flawless but maddening deduction skills would get him nowhere. But he’d already made up his mind. He was right after all.
Sherlock blew out a breath, making his bangs float. “Do I really look that young? You haven’t even seen my face.” And why would John suddenly care for his specifics? Especially something so random? He hadn’t even gotten a good look at Sherlock’s face, nor Sherlock of him—save for his file. Ah, could he have been told of Sherlock’s attitude prior to--
Although, having what the majority of your very kind finds so terribly necessary of a prerogative rubbed in your face every time you step out the front door can become somewhat tiresome.
Something finally caves at the unexpected plea, and it hurts. John feels tears spring to his eyes, and crinkles his stinging nose to hold it back. Sherlock….Sherlock is not—this. He  He’s not. It’s so strange. So wrong and John feels awful for feeling this way. Sherlock was only human, of course he felt too. John was retarded to think he hadn’t to begin with, but he wants Sherlock back, John wants his arrogant and clever blasé back.
“I don’t believe I caught your name.” John pipes up after a while. Having finished unpacking, all set and ready to suffer the next 1,460 days and get maudlin and pissed at how the miniature family-portraits on his desktop keep blurring before his teary eyes, or maybe it would be myopia, were his eyes falling out? John soon wouldn’t know, aspiring doctor or not.
Sarah startled, how long had their church been haranguing this man? She hadn't joined their church, nor followed their beloved God to harass people. Regardless of their wrongdoings. She frowned. "Oh. W-Well we were- we would just like to-"
Sherlock pats his wrist against his hoodie pocket to make sure he hadn’t lost his phone, or that something else god-awful hadn’t managed to crawl in. “Can’t tell, but last I checked, three hours had passed.” He manages to cough out.
Leaning in, wide, dark eyes clinched disbelievingly at their corners and teeth bared, looking just short of a ‘why’ barking past. He grows a tad more unnerved as Jim folds his hands together between his crouched legs until his knuckles go white. Refrain? Frustration? Annoyance? Jim remains heedless of his curiosity as his aggrieved (ah!) glare bores into bored, pale gray. “Just this one teensy, itsy-bitsy thing.”
He groaned. Leaning his crinkled, thankfully uncarved forehead onto the cool, porcelain. God bless janitors.
John peeled off the outer layer;]. noting the concerning amount of blood stains crusting them. Nauseating anxiety returned, and he felt his lungs freeze.
A blink. Nothing. He promptly closed it with a soft scowl. "Excuse me." He nodded and politely pushed past Sherlock's chair, then into the kitchen. John stopped and stooped to his knees and dug through the peeling sink cabinet below the counter.
"Yeah, sorry, mate. Today's just been rough and all. You know what I mean." He glanced behind him and into the van and felt dread seep into his insides. He wasn't alone with the creep, he could've possibly taken the stick on himself if need be. Now all he could do was play nice and hope the junky still had an ounce of mercy in him, and not just an animalistic urge to fight and get an adrenaline rush. As he had bared witness to many a time.
He clumsily twisted the latch, hearing the cylindrical lockset click into place. Regardless of his bladders imminence, he’d always found himself locking it: a stressful but a later reassuring force of habit.
So, with sleep’s adamant little claws tugging at his lids and a shy purse to his lips, John ignores the tickly fluttering in his stomach as he grips a bony shoulder and hip, somehow prominent beneath the soft hoodie—or maybe he was gripping too hard. Scooting them over to meet their middle like some kind of weird puzzle in one swift, self-conscious motion. And earns a rather feeble groan and sluggish retreat. Then, an abruptly flamboyant and startlingly sober flip turning his back to John-- making him momentarily resemble a fish-- and a rather rough pull of his hood over his head seem characteristically forbidding.
But as he allows his grip on the calmed boy to slack invitingly, his fingers slipping through silky dark curls that look every bit as soft as they feel. Only for his fingers to come back soaked in sticky red. He finds he can’t really help it. Can’t help the stupidly vivid image of Sherlock’s eyes, uncharacteristically wide in alarm, pain, and perhaps raw fear managing to break past through the crinkle of his brow and purse of his lips as some unknown figure  looms above, as menacing as it is promising.
“But I suppose it depends on the line at Tesco’s. Customers are relatively sparse on Wednesday’s.” Sherlock’s voice breaks his stupor.
half naked. That wouldn't look too well in the presence of two conformed and religious women who had probably never spoken to anyone less.
"Alright! You know what-" A shrill alarm cut him off and they struggled to cover their ears from the awful sound. "Shit, something's happened!" Carrie screeched over the volume. "Ya think!?" Daryll looked down at her and answered back equally, if not more, loud. "Come on! We need to evacuate the premises!" She yelled back and proceeded to drag him out the door. "But what about the guy?" he asked quieter, now that they were out of the room. For some reason they made the alarm louder in the surveillance room. Fucking sadists. Carrie turned around and said. "If he's smart he'll evacuate too. Now come on lets move!"
Before opening it, he couldn't help but notice the many equations and hieroglyphic scrawls covering the door. He looked up warily from inside the cabinet upon hearing a creak from above, the counter above
Sherlock now looked as though he were wondering how many brain cells had shriveled up and died from his time spent under Afghanistan’s glaring sun.
. He quickly rationalized. Plus, the guy seemed like he deserved it, and John's always been one for righteousness. And if he were being honest with himself, he quite liked the cozy feeling of being engulfed by familiar soft warmth. Not familiar in the sense of a mothers embrace, no. Something about harsh whipping winds not making it past his impenetrable woolen shield.
Greg narrowed his eyes on John, his voice taking on an accusatory lilt. "And who might 'him' be?" John shifted in place under the scrutiny, clearly feeling out of place already. Opening his mouth to answer before-
“Hey,” John blinks at him before gaining a furrow to his brow, appearing to see him clearly for the first time, “are you feeling all right?”
Sherlock looked at him for a little while and gave him a small but genuine smile. "Thank you, John." He turned back towards the fireplace and steepled his fingers beneath his chin. "Any other questions?" John cleared his throat and looked at the way Sherlock's irises gleamed as the fire illuminated them from an angle. "Yes, actually." He made his voice go serious, he had to remember the situation he was in. He was hurt and he couldn't run away-a mere jacket wouldn't help in this flurry-, no taxis or busses were driving through this weather, and he had no idea where the tubes were. "Do you have any plans to prosecute me?" Sherlock must have noticed his tone because the serene expression was immediately wiped from his face as he turned to him. John almost regretted saying anything.
“Sherlo- you sod. I can’t just show up to a crime scene-with police officers- are you mental? I’m a drug-dealer!”
But he held it with a certain grace John had yet to understand. An overt maturity, a prevenient wisdom that exceeded his span of experience (theorized entirely on Sherlock’s adamant distaste for the front door before dark).
After a few tense minutes he reluctantly rose from behind the counter. The man could easily just hold him at gun point and make him come out. And John supposed he had a point. "How did you know I was there?" He asked a little miffed at being found so quickly, he had been so careful, but mostly trying to take attention off the weapon. He felt a little more relaxed now that he could see his gun had been set on a cluttered coffee table, but not by much.
"Thought so." A small smile unknowingly curved his features. Sherlock moved to lean into his companion, feeling far more comfortable than he saw fit to analyze at the moment. It was like a drug. A relaxing one at that. Which may have been contradicting, telling from his detestation of marijuana, but this was far more different. Unlike the sluggish unawareness and muted fear cannabis brought forth. He was hyperaware of every shift closer, every shiver, and every breath-it wasn’t a sexual hyperawareness, but a companionship. There was also the knowledge that John held no ill-intention.
"And it's quite alright, I have been unconscious for the most part. Would have been a shame to not make your acquaintance conscious."
With a quiet inhale through his nose, he removes the hand propping up his chin to slump onto his side. Left side of his face smushed into his pillow. Apparently sound in his confidence that Sherlock wouldn’t suddenly flip off the bed and ask him what the hell he thought he was doing. John resumes as requested. Sliding his entire hand over from Sherlock’s sternocleidomastoid and down the delicate slope of his shoulder, moving lower to a no-longer-quivering tricep. Good, he was warm now then. Through the darkness of the room he can discern, as well as feel, slumped shoulders of a figure. Pretty much just a mound of clothing and blanket, a few inches from his nose. And the ache that had momentarily plagued his chest earlier has all but morphed into a steadily seeping calm. Sherlock is right here. His heart beats an unwavering thrum beneath his hand. The door is locked and the world is dead to them.
This was not an issue, he hadn’t a care for activism nor feasible opinion since it would never effect him. Aside from John being the true psychic, Sherlock had little to fret over. To each their own, avoid confliction if you can, ego held no place in his own intimate stance and person. It made one blind, a see-what-you-want-to-see defect, so to speak. In short, it was aimless to seek understanding in a place where none was due, or expected.
Sherlock seemed a little shocked, more of a dulled reaction though. Like a 'courageous' teen excitedly clicking a rumored and rather disturbing video on YouTube, then remaining still for a good few minutes afterwards, suddenly afraid to cross the room to turn their lamp light on.
He ended up half dragging John and half contemplating the consequences of carrying him down the hall. Sherlock didn't really fancy the idea of a broken back at the moment. So, upon reaching the bedroom door Sherlock realized he couldn't use his hands. Keeping his grip firm on John's bicep, he reared his dress-shoed heel back and kicked the door open. John winced at the noise and peered up at him through squinted eyes. The sound clearly paining him. "Did you just break your door?"
Sherlock then smiled tightly, a practiced motion. "Good day!" Promptly slamming the door in response to Sarah's shocked and Christie's disgusted expressions he went to recommence his actions prior...only to be interrupted once more.
A hooded figure entered through the lobby holding a large black case, about two feet in diameter. They were dressed in a black zip up hoodie and dark wash jeans. Observing the lobby with hooded eyes, steps long and determined. At first glance the boyish figure would appear to be an outcast, possibly a teenager going through some unfortunate phase. But upon closer inspection, you would take notice of the hidden feminine contours and aged face. Today, the hotel lobby was bustling with people, all filling the air with excited chatter aboutthe ceremony taking place in an hour or so. Perfect.
“Does necrophilia arouse you?” He questions, because it’s a sound one, leaning away from her red-tipped reach. “Because that’s the only way I’d ever let you touch me, with a 900 foot pole.”
with you?" He ground out in shallow desperation. Sherlock's eyes widened but he stopped himself. "What are you-" John huffed cynically. "Don't you think that was a bit harsh?" His glaucous irises flicked through his incredulously; Sherlock's meeting every movement. He mustn't of found what he was looking for, given the way he altered his line of sight to focus on his clenched fists.
upper-hand to wrestle the half-delirious twat muttering about students and microbes to the cot to treat him.
Sherlock’s last pencil falls with a quiet clatter, rolls to the edge of his desk, and finally falls to the point of no return. Sherlock’s head pops up to glare at the culprit responsible.
John can hear the bubble’s loud and sharp pop the moment Sherlock’s face lifts to view. The red and thinly coagulated crescents pressed into pale the skin of his jaw far more concerning than the audible metaphor. And John has to aim his gaze at the narrow-tile floor at the startled gasp he emits that makes his chest quiver. This was an overreaction, John knows.  John knows the brief flash of scalding wrath that washes through him and makes his hair stand on end should not be
And so, John reared his head back up and glared. Hands tightly fisted at his sides and spine taut. He wouldn’t even shiver when a gelid gust that could rival the north pole whipped by, unfeeling of the snow biting his skin raw. Not when his core was rushing with something so rare and searing. John smiled. Enjoying the vaguely unsettled look on his frienemy’s face.
It makes a somber little ache draw out in John’s chest, constricts it tight for a second too long, as he attempts to envision himself in such solitude. The loneliness seems as suffocating as the silence Sherlock has possibly endured for months or—who knows, years now?
Two more confirm his suspicions, and John doesn’t know what to do. Because Sherlock, the precocious silver-tongue, the brat who possessed stoicism all any and all English men envied, who told their ancient chemistry teacher it was 'a little early to be cremated' when her bum came too close to a nearby flame as she bent over to address another student, was
Sherlock flopped back dramatically an turned his head to him with bored eyes. "You catch on quick do you?" He watched as John began to pull up his pants. "Just answer the question!" He snapped and tried to ignore Sherlock's staring. Sherlock rolled his eyes and looked at the ceiling. "Your wallet. You're also a veteran, army doctor, discharged due to injury to your left shoulder. You still suffer from PTSD, mild superiority complex your therapist had blown off as being calloused from the war, perhaps she was right. More tests are needed. Anyways, you were discharged 2 years ago and sported a psychosomatic limp for quite some time but you've managed to overcome it, mostly. No wife, no children, no family, just you and your blokes. Though I must admit I am curious about what induced such a drastic change in career." Sherlock turned to him. "What happened?" Sherlock looked at John in mock bewilderment while shaking his head.
They'd been forced into laying low recently. All because some bloody nutcase had been killing drug lords and government officials left and right. Whoever they were, they weren't discreet at all. If it weren't for the taunting notes left behind after every murder Lestrade was sure, though he loathe admit it, that they wouldn't have been capable of linking the murders themselves. Not even now.It had been months, and since then the lives of seven drug lords and seven government officials had been killed. They suspected it was some twisted way of expressing his opinions on impartiality. For what purpose, they weren't sure. Moriarty is what he calls himself.
Ignoring his comment, he asked. "Nice gun, where did you get it?" He watched tensely as Sherlock sauntered over to it and turned it in his hands with skill, face sending a quick polite smile at John again.
." He shouldn't have been surprised when he was suddenly caught in a headlock by a very pissed off John Watson. "Shut up, you bloody megalomaniac!" Sherlock started at that. "Megalo-
“Oh.” Sherlock abruptly remembers aurally with a blink. “And I’ll need you to leave me alone for roughly the next twenty-some hours.”
" He asked in incredulity and outrage, grasping at the arm that held him in place. "Unhand me at once!"
. He reprimands his deducing nature and dodges over an icy puddle, promptly hearing the dog whine behind him  and slide into the opposing wooden structure to its left.
Another gunshot. His eyes widened and he quickly but carefully braced himself against the wall next to the door. John swallowed and waited for a few moments to pass before he opened the door swiftly to prevent it from creaking. Repeating the motion, he shut the door behind him briskly yet softly. He turned around and flicked his eyes wildly around the area and found himself in a hallway. Carefully treading down the hallway he avoided any creaking floor boards with ease, even though it stressed his wounds.
"A rock." Sherlock spoke with raised eyebrows, glancing his way and nodded his head slowly in false impressment. "How quaint."
The skeletal man crawled out of the car and damn near towered over him, unblinking stare effortlessly pinning John in place. John didn't know whether to be thankful for sending Mike back or to damn him to hell in every language he knew.
"John, right?" His head snapped upon hearing the croaky use of his name. John cleared his throat. "Yes, that be-that would be me, yes." He stumbled verbally and set his stern but neutral gaze on him. The man looked him up and down and grinned, causing John to clench his jaw in an effort to steady himself. Brennen in der Holle, Mike. Brennen.
Anderson smiles. And releases his left hand's grip to reach down for Sherlock's right hand, his right hand still keeping Sherlock pinned. Sherlock damns the sharp gasp he emits when Anderson clenches his fingers in a constricting grip. Immediately trying to wriggle out of the steadily tightening grasp, Sherlock hisses lowly and pushes at Anderson's broader chest. Panic clouds his mind for a moment and he thinks Anderson's grip on his hand would never stop, couldn't. He cuts that thought off the moment it rears.
Sherlock groaned and uncaringly displayed his frustration. Flailing arms and re-crossing legs, the whole shebang. "Fine, but only because you looked as if you were about to come in your pants earlier." He finished desultorily. Kevin grinned in accomplishment. Pointing towards the heedless crowd. "Over there!"
Highly doubting he'd receive a coherent answer he briskly walked down another alleyway once he saw a lone figure at a bus station, looks like he'd have to enter his flat through the back way. "Worrying is like walking around with an umbrella and waiting for it to rain." Sherlock blinked confusedly down at John, not expecting the philosophical answer. "Yes, but what if there's very clearly going to be a rain storm? Thunder, lightning, drug addicts?" He grumbled the last bit and looked ahead.
Heedless of the peripheral assault, John peered inside the faux-ancient, Chinese carriage. And there his mayor lay. A clean hole dribbled a neat line of now-dried and crusted blood down his pale forehead. John felt a pang of sympathy for the man and his family.
John blows out a breath and decides to be indulgent in macabre fantasy much much later, and represses the inappropriate urge to interrogate. Even as the curiosity burns, he needed to know who did this. Couldn’t have someone like that swaggering down the halls, he rationalizes, it was dangerous. And they needed to be reprimanded.  “Let’s get some ice before the swelling starts.” He offers with raised brows, utterly unimpressed with himself at the moment but still glad to maintain his patience. Not that it was hard to, surprisingly enough. “There’s an instant ice pack under the cot?”
Even then, he hadn't suspected anything more than a partner that shared Sherlock's eccentricity. Or possible passion for crime-solving. Leaving John feeling just a bit bitter.
“Turns out you were gay anyways, so I still win.” John grins in triumph and pulls the blanket over himself, the material is  still warm from Sherlock’s body heat.
A small wooden clatter resounded. "Oh just take the sodding coat already." Surprised, John's head whipped up to see Sherlock's hunched shoulders shaking, a small, breathy snicker managing to worm its way past his defenses. It was a happy little sound, yet no doubt a reserved one.
“You sniffed me?” John can’t help but cut him off at the admission, feeling his mouth wobble. “I-I don’t know what to say. Good Sherlock want a biscuit? --”
But then John’s face looks positively elated in his relief the moment his train of sight lands on Sherlock’s childish sign.
Cocking his head, the noirette considered for a moment. Then ultimately shook their head. "Shame, wish I could say the same for your height."
After a few tense minutes passed Sherlock turned towards the kitchen with a dramatic sigh and looked down at the area he was hidden behind. "You can come out now." John remained crouched and uncertain. "I'm not going to kill you, I would have done so earlier." The baritone voice drawled. After a few tense minutes he reluctantly rose from behind the counter. The man could easily just hold him at gun point and make him come out. And John supposed he had a point. "How did you know I was there?" He asked a little miffed at being found so quickly, he had been so careful, but mostly trying to take attention off the weapon. He felt a little more relaxed now that he could see the gun had been set on a cluttered coffee table, but not by much.
John winced into the coats collar as the poor soul inside dodged a can of something or other. Only for the bulletproof glass to repel it, effectively propelling the heavy grocery item back into the poor sods spine. Dear god, how old was the bloke? He should have suffered a slipped disk by now.
Mike was a rather thick and stocky fellow. And he was strong, don't get him wrong, but his resolve was pretty weak.
John calmed at the patient gaze. Settling into a set stance, he looked up from the bagged bullet pinched between his thumb and forefinger. "Twenty two K-Hornet brass. Reaches a range of two hundred yards. Has a rather low ballistic coefficient, so it'd be surprising to see it used any farther than a hundred and eighty yards for an elected head's assassination."
Keeping his pace brisk, John made a sharp turn out of the café and towards the apartment’s front door.
He swallowed. The guy was surprisingly strong for his lithe structure, he noticed a few more guys coming towards them to see what was going on. But kept them in his peripherals, always keep your eye on the enemy. Always. And if they decided to join in...He couldn't win this, he had to run. "Jay! What are you doing, man?" One of the soberer looking guys (wish he could say the same for the rest of them) grasped at Jay's shoulder, he was pretty small, smaller than all of them. He was still a teenager as far as he could tell.
John twitched while Sherlock set the kettle on the cluttered stove and walked over, having lowered the gun earlier.  "And do you normally walk away when you're being held at gun point?" John asked, leaning against the kitchen's walkway and throwing the question back at him.
.” He corrects her, histrionic, and suddenly hopping on one leg as he attempts to slip his other one into his skinny jeans. He glares at the yowling alarm clock. 5: 23 am.  Maybe if he rushed he could get back to his dorm before patrol performed their morning rounds and found him in exiting the girls ward. He couldn’t afford another run-in with the headmaster, lest they call
Sherlock looked down at John and nodded to the shrub-clad male. "Bullet, Anderson? And I take it you've kept the mayors head in its exact position since its unfortunate leister?"
It was an insistent pull that felt like an original stereotype. It loosened something else he hadn’t known he had.
John looked through the window with a resigned sigh, it didn't appear to be letting up anytime soon. "Yes, that would be more wise wouldn't it?" He muttered rhetorically.
"So, no sex?" John asked when they broke apart to breath properly. Sherlock wasn't exactly surprised to find that he didn't mind just kissing, sure he was rock hard but John was a good kisser. He wouldn't mind kissing John for a while more if he could. He was a very...unpredictable kisser. He cleared his throat at the thought and answered.
"Sherlock, Sherlock Holmes. It's a pleasure." He offered his hand with a small, inviting smile. "And you are?"
Flipping open the phone before Gavin gave up and tried again, a nervous tic if he'd ever seen one, he greeted the detective enthusiastically.
"Kevin, please refrain from having an orgasm on shift, I reckon it would be rather difficult to earn tips with a wet stain on your trousers." Sherlock replied to him dully and kept his interested gaze on the forlorn looking figure.
happened and how he got here?! He yelped out an audible "Shit!" when he remembered Mike. He was with him when it happened, was he alright?! But...no. No, John had sent him off before anything had happened, right? Suddenly hit with a sharp pain in his temple John raised his hand to it in alarm but the room started spinning. He struggled to steady himself and grasped at the bathroom counter. Panting as he was overcome with a wave of nausea he dove for the toilet; grasping the sides as he retched out stomach acid.
"Coming?" John coaxed at him, sporting an exaggerated glance of urgency in the direction of the van and a tight-lipped smile.
Quickly realizing his dire mistake, John corrects it in a rush before he’s killed by a hypothetical dagger to the head. “Do you think stupidity is contagious?”
"Get away from him, I'm calling the police!" A deep voice sounded through the alley, soothing Johns ears a bit. There were mutterings of "Shit!" and "Hurry, get the bag!" and finally the blissful sound of tires screeching the pavement, well, maybe not blissful but it was nice. John allowed his arms to drop to his sides and stared up at the sky and tried to catch his breath and ignore the pounding in his skull and burning of his lungs.
"Fear not." Sherlock sighed, awkwardly gripping John around his waist, and one hand under his arm. John squirmed at the contact. Physical contact wasn't really Sherlock's forte, much less...whatever this was. "I have a very forgiving landlady."
Before opening it, he couldn't help but notice the many equations and hieroglyphic scrawls covering the door. He looked up warily from inside the cabinet upon hearing a creak from above, the counter above
Sherlock's eyes narrow on the vented metal in front of him, still crouched, bag in hand. And frowns at the tone. Anderson. Slurred speech. Mewling girl easily left to nothing, the girl, Sally, if he recalls the similar moans near nightly hours, is a prize around here. As she's popularly known as the Good Girl. Theatrically contrastive to the university's Woman, they'd taken to shagging her as Irene was untouchable. By default, Sally was practically every guys wet dream, hell knows why. Sneaking from her ward when patrol switches shifts, a smart one she is. So Anderson must be feeling on top of the world. Is intoxicated. Brilliant, another stumbling fool. They were uncommon at this hour too.
I found him in a vestibule, standing in the alcove half-lit by the afternoon sun, the edge of light and darkness passing right through the middle of it. He smoked nervously, tipping the ash into the large ash-bin.
Three men and their captive awaited us inside. Two muscular gorillas with their faces still hidden behind black balaclavas sat on a makeshift bench in the open part of this place, slightly behind the concrete wall, but very much visible. One of them demonstratively held Lestrade by his shoulder to let us know he is completely under their power. Greg, pale and bruised in the face, was forced to kneel in front of them with both hands painfully twisted behind his back and secured by his own handcuffs. He stared at us with distressed but defiant dark eyes. By his side, a small brown crate was situated.
John looks at him sideways, curving up his lips to seem politely intrigued, when in reality he begrudgingly finds the logic applicable to half the ward, and opens the door. Letting it swing open into the room.
Symphony in C Minor, for he was feeling particularly bold, and slips his arms through the hoodie that had previously been hanging off the peeling door’s hinge. It must have fallen when John entered. Normally, he’d wear his beloved woolen trench-coat over one of his suits, but he held no ill-conceived notion of the surrounding area. In short, he isn’t daft enough to prance around a lions den in a meat suit.
Sherlock stared blankly. "Oh, it happened again." John didn't say anything and kept his eyes firmly glued to the television screen.
"Alright, so the job ad. It will say "Series & Grade" and that usually looks something like this." He pointed to a code on the screen with a bored expression and running on auto-pilot. "GS-1320-13/13. So, the four digit number is the job code- A friend of mine was hired at 0343 but you can largely ignore that." He lightly boasted. " The second set of numbers-" The kid cleared his throat loudly, making Lestrade turn to peer down at him.
“Oh thank god, that just might’ve turned me straight.” Sherlock murmurs too himself, before clenching the doorframe so hard his nails scratch into the wood, peeling off some of the white paint.
John nods at the complement, because yes, she does, and toes off his shoes. Because, no he’s not leaving a student of whom has just had a near death experience for some wrinkly sod reiterating common term. John was ahead after all, and replies. “Yeah, they’re her favorite colors.”
John, feeling light and proud, laughed at the teasing tone-not even alarmed that an authority figure had just implied he'd considered employing him (best not to think about it)- and handed over the notepad illustrating the track line. "As if you'd need me. You've got Sherlock." John lightly knocked his shoulder against Sherlock's still form beside him.
Today was the day. He's been called to Scottland Yard's department to discuss his links to the photos, and the victims identities. Lestrade had been hesitant, but it was minute. Who was he to deny John? John had suffered a week of being brutally interrogated, spending his nights in some unknown building's holding cell. Keeping him cold and alone, his stomach twisting in nauseating worry being his only company--doing nothing to steady him for the disgusted sneers and intimidating acts the next day held. The unfairly accusatory questions on how long he'd assisted Sherlock's killings.
John twitched. Were they fucking kidding him? They were adults. Not children pleading for the last cookie. John was not the last cookie. He did not deal cookies, he dealt drugs. A little indignant at the situation: a fully grown man, an inspector, an officer being forced to allow an unknown man to totter around classified crime scenes and be made aware of confidential fact. Just because the brilliant druggie next to him forced him to. Wordlessly!
Sherlock hadn’t counterintuitively influenced John with Bystander effect or stimulated some outreach-type complex that time. He had his back turned to John after a painfully abrupt turn to him after John’s fingers got just a bit too ticklish, a bit too close. Sherlock had barely held back a groan of unadulterated hurt at the movement, he was still tender from the Irish Green Shower incident—nothing more nothing less, not at all. Though John had soon soothed his pain away with benevolent hands that made Sherlock briefly reconsider his atheism.
“Rodents, most likely.” I commented and tapped on the plaster lightly, confirming that the resulting sound rang hollow under my hand. “The building is old, it must be full of long forgotten vents and chimneys, I gather.”
The hall which stretched in front of us was evidently some fish-canning factory that has fallen into disuse. Long metal counter which previously served as an assorting line stood to our left and behind it, an ugly concrete wall leered at us. This wall, however, only went to the middle of the hall. The second part of the hall, placed to our right, was an open space leading maybe to some storage area at the rear side of the building.
“Don't worry, he won't get very far.” He assured me, entirely unconcerned. “I know the place quite well. Béziers is not Paris. He will stand out like a flaming torch in his Parisian outfit here. Besides, he has no boltholes in this town. We'll have him tomorrow, I'll bet.”
My readers often associate my presence at the side of great Sherlock Holmes with London and its misty streets. Our daily life and solving of the subtle problems of our numerous clients seems unthinkable without the presence of the friendly domestic hearth at 221B Baker Street, Mrs. Hudson fussing downstairs or little street Apaches known as Baker Street Irregulars hollering under our windows. People would generally not imagine us, or at least not me, in such surroundings as Southern France.
“May I ask you one last personal question, Sherlock? I will stop bothering you with them after that, I promise.”
And as they disappeared in the dark interior of the house, I noticed a shrivelled old bloke standing at the door – probably one of those credentes Sherlock was speaking about in the cab. That's when I obtained the final proof.
“Where to? Shall we go to Scotland Yard right away? Or would we stop at Baker Street first? I’d like to change into something dry before we appear at Greg’s office, to be honest…”
I put Sherlock down to the soft grass and checked his pulse once again. Content with his state, I sat next to him cross-legged and leaned against the pole of the fence, grinning at the DI.
Rosalie, who obviously lent Marie her company to shield her from any unwanted attentions, gave him an ugly glance and put her hands on both shoulders of the elder woman. She gently pushed her back inside the shop and slipping in right after her, she retorted: “Leave us alone, monsieur! We know nothing about the matter!”
“Pan golçat, please,” ordered Vernet and chose the wine to go with that dish. We sat to the table by the window and as Vernet poured the dark red liquid into three glasses, the girl swiftly cubed the fresh baguette on the cutting board. Sherlock observed her distractedly for a while, then pressed his lips together in sudden determination and turned to his cousin.
Sherlock grunts, his milky skin flushed dark red, his lower body shaking with the force of John's rhythm. He squirms as if he was trying to escape from his bonds but John is relentless, sliding the blade of his cock into its warm sheath again and again. Sherlock's animalistic grunts change into low moans quickly and the man trembles with an almost inaudible cry, his muscles clenching powerfully. John senses a rush of wetness on his thighs and near his knees unexpectedly and a hot wave of blood surges over him. He grasps Sherlock's back into a tight embrace and spurts up, discharging his load into the man.
The light flooded the place at once, illuminating the sitting figure which shifted and shut its eyes at the intrusion.
He threw his Belstaff to the side and sat behind the PC, not sparing one last glance at John and immersing himself into the work immediately.
During my temporary blackout, somebody covered the broken body of the poor wretch with a sheet. I was immensely grateful for that. Flashing lights were visible at the edge of Jubilee Gardens and I recognised the distinct figure of DI Lestrade standing grimly nearby with a group of his colleagues from the squad. They were all staring in one direction, up towards the Eye. Come to think of it, the rest of the crowd was observing something on the Eye too. Uncomprehending this sudden interest in the Ferris wheel in wake of the fresh tragedy, I raised my eyes as well and focused my stare on the big white construction high above me.
”I guess you are not tired yet,” remarks John smugly, gently rubbing the pliant spot directly under Sherlock's navel. Sherlock stares at him provocatively, then arches his brows and replies with a voice a shade deeper and lazier than it usually is: „Want to test it?“
And so, while Sherlock begun to examine the place in earnest, I drew closer to the central podium and contemplated over the sculpture.
Sherlock raised his hand instinctively and pressed it over his heart: “And such people, John, are called boni homines among the Cathars or Perfecti by the Catholic Church. They live the life of extreme austerity. They do not dress lavishly. They do not lie, nor swear in oaths. They willingly endure strenuous work and all different kinds of hardships. They fast frequently. They do not have a procreative sexual contact with any person, so as to not entrap more Angelic Souls into this garment of the body. They do not eat meat, eggs, fat or cheese, because these too were originally obtained through coitus. Moreover, it is forbidden to a Perfect to inflict pain upon any Soul imprisoned in this world, whether it lives in an animal or human form. And for this same reason, Perfect would never take life of any living creature, John. Never.”
Sherlock blushes, frowns and proudly returns to his pasta, mumbling something like “damn, there's always something” under his nose.
Fortunately, the gendarmes didn't allow the man to continue with the foolishness. They seized him by the arms and as the prison gates opened, they pushed him inside roughly, entering the building at his heels. And as they all went in, the white-haired, sternly dressed lithe man was released from inside and stepped out to the square, walking leisurely from the closing metal gate. He halted opposite us and shielded his eyes against the sudden sunlight, staring at Sherlock for a long while.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and nodded in the direction of the stove after that: “I would also like to put your attention to the coals that had fallen all around the deceased. Some of them are certainly not placed in positions into which they should naturally fall at the time of an impact. They are not scattered – the few blocks were probably pushed aside by some instrument and created something like a row right under the stove. Please, note down the fact, it's very important.”
In a few minutes, after a heated argument and a short tracking of foot-prints, we finally halted in front of the large metal gate leading to the hall covered in corrugated iron.
Sherlock rose out of his seat and casually walked to the wrapped up thyrsus recumbent in the corner of the room. He slowly took the plastic cover off it and lifted it carefully, weighing it in his hand. He then seized the artificial pine-cone placed at the top of the slim metal rod and screwed it off with ease.
There was no doubt – it was him. A decorative pin and a yellow chrysanthemum were a dead giveaway. He looked exactly like last night, during our encounter at Gare du Nord in Paris. He obviously had no time to change into a travelling outfit in between. I carefully examined his figure from head to toe and spotted a portable bag almost immediately. It was sitting next to his polished patent-leather boots on the floor.
When we appeared at the entrance of the MET headquarters in Victoria Street, looking respectable and dependable save the wrapped up thyrsus Sherlock ostentatiously held in front of himself, we were let in without any big problems. We were almost regarded as the permanent fixtures there at MET, so the night porter just greeted us politely and returned to the issue of the Sun placed at his little desk.
“I didn't seek anyone since I first met you, John!” He burst out angrily. “I never desired another after I came to know you as you are well aware! You never witnessed me to behave as a philanderer, so you could be very sure about my fidelity! And yet you married that woman and left me alone, resigning me to cocaine!”
But my personal safety was of little significance to me at that time. For in that instant I glimpsed Sherlock and my heart just stopped beating.
However, as he was falling down, he overturned the coal scuttle and the resulting mess that ensued from the act constituted another clue against him, pointing me at the right direction in due time.”
“Merci, Guillaume.” He said softly. His large grey eyes flickered to me after that and crinkled at the corners in amusement: “And congratulations.”
“I’m here to negotiate! Please, listen to me!” He called into the darkness inside, his voice strong and firm and his articulation slow and precise: “I’m not with the police. My name is Sherlock Holmes and I serve as the private consultant for various clients. I came here to talk to you about the conditions under which you are willing to release an officer who is currently in your hands. I will act discreetly to fulfil it – just name them!”
like a dead man forgetting a date, he rises calmly and reaches for the foot of the bed. No matter his back’s protest. Fucking Kyle. And feels around the end of the cot, searching in near darkness for what he’d folded and placed there not three hours ago. Accidentally grabbing a converse sneaker, making it still. And apologizing with a uselessly whispered
"Always, you can find her in the café next door, though you'll have to go around front to reach the entrance." Finally glancing up, Sherlock looked him up and down, eyes lingering on his fading bruises.
John took the bag from his hands, now turning the bagged bullet in his latex-gloved palms. He eyed the growing tensity between Anderson and Sherlock carefully.
That does the trick. And he’ll later remember this as the day he was suddenly thrust into deducing hell.
Everything else had started to go numb, which he couldn't help but be thankful for. It was a beautiful night, he mused. The faint yellow lamplight illuminating the snowfall as it landed softly on our corrupted world without a care.
At this my dastardly travelling companion, now pale as the candle wax, darted up from his seat and wildly hit Sherlock to the chest, forcing him to let go of the door and to abandon his position for a while. He then slammed the door shut, locking it in haste and threateningly brandished a revolver out of his overcoat with the nimbleness of a viper.
I turned around and saw Vernet waving furiously at me. Some shabby hay-wain stood by his side, being tended to by a placid-looking peasant. Sherlock already climbed on top of it, trying to find a comfortable position among the mess loaded on the wagon. Obviously, this was our means of transportation today.
Sherlock sits up slowly, stretches his long arms to the sides and flexes his back with languid sensuality, then looks at John coolly: "Sawmill, you say?"
And his reticence dissolved into a loud, hearty laugh which was so contagious that I joined right in and guffawed until my hips were aching with cramps.
Sherlock pressed his lips together and shook his head: “If they are cornered here, they could kill Greg in panic or anger. So this is absolutely out of the question.”
The parts I always meant to keep private when in public (with varying success) twitched enthusiastically. I gasped, turned around and tried to repay the torturous treatment to Sherlock, but the detective slithered by me like an eel and laughing silently, he saved himself by jumping out to an empty platform.
The train to Perpignan emerged in a distance at last. It swiftly reached the station and with a heavy clangour of its machinery stopped next to the platform occupied by our scattered company.
Sherlock lost his patience with me and began to walk to and fro in the middle of the room: “I can't believe you are talking about legality all of a sudden, John! Did you forget that the thing we do together is hardly legal in our home-country either?”
The boy raised his head in surprise and removed his cap, answering politely: “No, sir. Rosalie went out for a short walk to the river a few minutes ago. Told me she is not feeling well.”
Releasing Sherlock again, he lifted up the hem of his shirt and his palm deftly slipped behind the waistband of Sherlock's boxer briefs.
Sherlock answered me by wordlessly handing me a smartphone. Confused, I looked at the screen and read the list of bizarre and sensational article titles:
Adrenaline pumped through my veins with such power I was barely aware of the fact that the car has now stopped and Sherlock is calling the kidnappers. I only snapped out of it when the gate of the largest hall opened swiftly and two muscular brutes escorted Lestrade out of the building, handcuffed him to the industrial guard-rail surrounding the nearest hut and left him there while they retreated back into their hiding-place. For no particular reason, the sight made my stomach constrict painfully and I had to swallow around the big dumpling that appeared in my throat all of a sudden.
Sherlock nodded slowly: “There are numerous wounds on his head, delivered by a blunt object. A crutch that fell down a moment before him is sticky with blood, it even has some hair adhering to its surface. You do the math, Detective Inspector.”
John bends over him, carefully maintaining his position inside. He licks Sherlock's ear playfully, forcing him to turn his head to the side that way and after that, he kisses him at the corner of the lips curled into dopey smile.
Inspecteur Ganimard who just ordered the train crew away wiped his forehead with the white handkerchief and looked at us in reproach.
There’s a certain story which ends with the words: “and when the stupid man closed his eyes, he felt naught but moving clouds in his heart.” I could totally relate to the stupid hero of this tale. The confusing medley of contradictory emotions that seized me after Sherlock’s return from the dead swirled in my head like moving clouds and could never be put into words.
Anderson saw us to the entrance and then returned to resume working. I have warmed up to the man in the last two years, but he was a hopeless detective indeed. He never noticed that the wrapped up object Sherlock carried in his hand became shorter and bulkier in shape during our short visit in the bureau.
He sprang like a lightning flash from his seat straight away and he hollered at me: “John, get dressed, quickly! It's the old chimney, of course! Oh, what an idiot I was! Come on, we must run! Come, lest it'll be too late!”
Shaving my moustache off for Sherlock's case was a hard thing to do, but it worked very well, indeed. Our target dismissed me as a harmless nobody on sight and didn't even suspect who I really am.
He snapped of his mental reverie only after few minutes. He hesitated for a while and came nearer to Marie, tipping his cap to her.
We climbed out of the car and set out to the dark hall. Sherlock held the crutch in front of his chest reverently as if it was some bizarre relic to worship.
Being informed about Authié's arrest, this young aide, Didier, turned ashen in the face and rocked back and fort as if overcoming an urge to faint. Vernet caught him under the armpit and leaned close to him, whispering some soothing words to him. He then escorted him inside.
I don't know how he got wind about Julian, but it's no doubt he hated him with a passion and he intended to uproot him and the Cathar heresy from the soil of Béziers once and for all.
Some ten minutes later I shut the book again, thoroughly disgusted. My head was spinning. It was beyond my comprehension how this bloodthirsty being could ever be considered the god of light. The massacre of Niobe’s children. The flaying of Marsyas. But above all, the killing of Hyacinthus. Apollo was supposed to be a clairvoyant and yet he couldn’t foresee that a disc thrown by him would be deflected onto his lover’s head, killing him instantly? What a shitty bastard!
The man looked at our drenched, dripping, pathetic figures for a while and then twitched his gun to the side, indicating Lestrade with it: “Do you know this policeman well? Well enough to enter his office if necessary? Do you have access there?”
A silent scratching sound echoed from the direction of the door at that second. We both stiffened in shock – but it was a false alarm. No one approached our room, the occupants of the house were still asleep. The scratches clearly resounded from behind the wall.
And you? I felt this question tickling me at the tip of my tongue. Where do you stand in relation to this man? Why were you so shaken at the sight of him? What post does he occupy in your heart, in your mind?
But Sherlock shrunk back too, astonished about his own outburst. He raised both hands in a placatory gesture and apologised quietly: “No, I didn't mean it like that. Please, forget all I just said, John.”
“Healing properties, John? Not really. Do you see the arrows fastened onto Apollo’s waist? They are poisonous. Their touch infects you with a bubonic plague. That’s why this god was revered by the ancient healers - out of fear not out of respect!”
“I checked up on it with the reception desk, but they confirmed that there's just one double-bed, Sherlock.” He said hesitatingly. “We'll have to share…”
“Hey! You two! What are you doing?!” Their officer hollered at us and then swore loudly, doing a double-take, as he noticed the bloody carnage taking place behind our backs. His men screamed in outrage, echoing him and surrounded us quickly, prepared to seize and subdue us.
“Mon Dieu!” He gaped at the white-haired sleeper sitting behind our backs. His mouth opened in disbelief: “Professor Authié!”
