“So you're saying there's a pattern? The same killer at work?”
“I promise.” John’s breath was hot against his skin, his voice rough with want. “I promise I’ll come.”
“Nice right hook, Holmes. You nearly knocked his head off.”
A week later, John sat across from Sherlock in a high-backed wooden booth at a local bar. It wasn’t the sort of place students hung out — the drinks were too expensive and the lighting too low for good selfies — but faculty and staff gravitated to it for happy hour.
“Good idea,” Hannah answers without looking up.
He could feel Sherlock's hands gliding down his back, soothing him, the long fingers spanning his buttocks, holding him in place, anchoring him to earth.
“Who taught you how to do all of this?” Sherlock asked as his father carefully replaced the cover on the last hive.
John snorted, handing Sherlock the letter. “I really don’t understand your family.”
His words were the tripwire that set Sherlock off, his body seizing under John's hands, strands of creamy come striping the dark surface of the table, a low groan vibrating through his chest.
“But what for? Why try to scare them off?” John glanced at the map on his phone, noting there was still another hour’s drive.
She shrugs again. “Maybe they do. Maybe you’ll change your mind after a few days in this place.”
Sherlock took a last drag on his cigarette and tossed the butt aside before slipping through a back door of the hospital. He knew the maze of basement hallways by heart, easily finding his way to the morgue.
John nods silently, biting his lower lip. “But the thing is,” he says hesitantly, quietly, “I think … I… need you.”
My dad was straight, wasn't he? He’d married a woman, after all. But then, so had Aunt Harry…
“Oh, it's not body parts or anything,” she blurted, then laughed.
Sherlock realizes he should say something.
John is much more relaxed since they moved here, much more open now that they are retired. It helps that Sherlock's list of enemies has thinned considerably with his lowered profile. He given up risky cases, concentrating instead on unsolved crimes from years ago that Lestrade sends his way. Someday, he may suggest to John that he accept living clients again -- just simple cases -- but not yet.
The blanket and pillow had disappeared from the sofa by the time I returned downstairs for breakfast. I didn’t say anything about it, and Dad said nothing to me except for the usual morning greetings.
He draws back and they gaze at each other, drifting in the afterglow.
But for the next few hours, he and John were alone together. They spent their time rather quietly, biking to the lake, rowing the small boat out onto the water, picnicking on the red plaid blanket, dozing in the shade. When Sherlock woke, John was gazing at him, lying on his side with his head propped in his hand.
“John?” Concern threaded through his voice. “Is everything alright?”
“Hmm,” Victor draped himself around Sherlock’s back, tucking his chin on his shoulder. “Come to bed. I’ll rub your back.” His hands slid below Sherlock’s waist, roaming beneath the dressing gown. “Or whatever else you might like.”
******************
he thought, giving himself over to instinct. He turned the doorknob, floating in like a ghost, a shadow.
The room is large, and Sherlock lets the candlelight play over the windows with heavy drapes, the unlit fireplace stacked with wood, a door leading to an adjoining bathroom.
“Oh, those look perfect there.” Molly walks by holding a tray of cupcakes and smiles brightly at John, then less certainly at Sherlock. “Thanks for helping out. It’s all sort of last minute, but I thought a little party would be fun for everyone who has to work the night shift on Halloween.”
“I think,” John suggested softly, “we ought to go back to bed with our tea.”
He turned, presenting John with the plate in one hand, a steaming cup of coffee in the other. He smiled, then his eyebrows rose in surprise.
Sherlock continues to lock eyes with John. He wants to consume him, wants to absorb every cell into his own body, merge with him completely.
I had been trying so hard to act grown up, sneaking sips of wine and wearing eyeliner, when all this time something much more significant had been going on right in front of me. This intimacy, relationship, whatever the right word was, was their secret. And they didn't want anyone -- not even me -- to know.
They finally disentangled themselves from the frames, letting the bikes drop to the ground. Sherlock lowered himself to the soft grass, drawing John down by the wrist to lay next to him. They stared up at the evening sky through the tree branches, hidden by a knee-high wall of gently rustling grass.
“What?” Before John could say another word, Anthea slid off the stool and sauntered over to the stranger.
John took it, feeling the weight of bones and tendons and warm flesh wrapping around his own palm. He stared at Sherlock's lush bottom lip, knowing he was holding his hand far too long.
Sherlock looks up into John’s eyes. “I know about restlessness. And loneliness.” He buries his face in John’s neck, not wanting to think about the future, of losing each other again. “We’re cursed, aren’t we?”
“Near the end, her husband finally arrived. An old man in a baggy brown cardigan shuffled in and went right to her bed, held her hand, stroked it.
Exactly what a spy would say, John mused. He was British, maybe hired out to the CIA or some sort of intelligence agency. Whatever he did, it was off the radar.
The corner of John's mouth quirked up suggestively. “Quite right… just think of the things those hands might get up to.”
Sherlock’s heart quickened. “John.” All logic left his head, leaving only a rudimentary question. “Where are you?”
“Look for trampled grass, a big flattened spot where the police were milling around the body.”
But no, the show must go on, and Sherlock must perform at the media circus that he hates but grits his teeth through, smiling insincerely for the cameras, accepting another useless token of appreciation that he’ll never use.
“That was Mycroft’s fault.”
When he turns to fully face him, Sherlock’s heart seems to stop. Stunned, his body freezes, a fat droplet of forgotten solution quivering at the end of the pipette. It can’t be… oh Christ…
Despite the cold twist in his stomach, John can't help but notice the woman is beautiful, her long neck plunging into a deep cut bodice that accentuates her full breasts.
They exchange a look over the nurse's shoulder, and the words of thanks Sherlock wants to say can’t find their way to his mouth. “Go,” he says instead, and Mycroft lingers a moment, nods, and seems to understand.
“Christ… your cock… it feels so good… fuck -- yes -- like that. Fuck me… Come in me...”
Mrs. Holmes didn't seem to notice his distraction. “You've been particularly helpful to your father during Thomas’ absence,” she said. “Thomas sent word that he'll be returning early next week, now that his leg has had a chance to heal.”
Molly looked positively radiant as Sherlock smiled down at her, guiding her across the floor. An irrational jealousy stabbed at John. He tried to dismiss it, knowing Sherlock had simply come up with an excuse to avoid more small talk with Mrs. Howard.
“Good luck with... whatever you’re doing,” Mycroft adds.
“Hmm. Could be someone trying to frighten you, taking advantage of the ghost rumors, wanting you to leave the house for some reason.”
He dropped the card on the table, noticing the graceful strength of Sherlock's fingers as he adjusted the dials of the microscope, the sharp jut of his shoulder blades through the dark blue shirt, the straining fabric of his trousers stretched over his muscular thighs.
John nodded, feeling anything but nonchalant. He turned his attention back to his clothes, finally pulling on his pants and trousers. When he looked back, Sherlock had disappeared into the showers, out of sight.
John stared at the grass, wondering if the dark patch he was looking at was dried blood. Compelled by a morbid curiosity, he crouched down and touched the stain. He turned over his fingertips -- dry. He lifted them to his nose -- no scent. Maybe it was nothing.
“But wait -- how do we explain what we were doing here?”
John did not want to end up like that bitter, broken man. He would do better than his father. He'd tame his wild streak and master his baser impulses. He'd become an officer and return a successful, accomplished doctor.
John ruminated some more, knotting his tie again, finally satisfied with the result. What he did remember without fail, he reminded himself while straightening his shirt collar, was the weight of Sherlock's body against his own, and how right it felt.
********************
John closed his eyes, unable to ignore what he had kept buried for so long. He understood now that it was possible to love two very different people in two very different ways, one sealed by two years of marriage, the other by a summer of intense passion.
Sherlock read the wish list again.
John was 24 and had studied in New York, recently earning a Master of Fine Arts in writing. He had published several successful stories in literary magazines. He was now working on a novel that Sherlock had quickly (and perhaps unfairly) mentally categorized under the ‘‘distant father, angry son” genre. It only occurred to him later that perhaps it was a memoir.
Sherlock holds up a gloved finger, commanding John to wait. He inhales, analyzes. “Gingerbread,” he declares.
He hasn’t pushed away thoughts of John out of bitterness or a desire to forget, but as a coping mechanism. The first few weeks back in London had been extremely difficult. Grieving and lonely, he had no one to confide in. Who would ever believe such a story? Hannah, maybe, but she’d immediately taken another job in Edinburgh caring for an ailing widow.
“Business has been good. I decided to treat myself to something special.” John smoothed his palms up and down Sherlock’s velvet covered chest. “How are we going to get through this evening without ripping each others’ clothes off?”
His fingertips brushed against John's arm as he floated nearby. Without looking at each other, their fingers entwined, linking them together as they silently drifted.
Sherlock smoothed his hands down John’s lower back, cupping his buttocks as he regained his breath. He felt the heaviness of John’s hard cock on his belly, precome leaking near his navel.
John held Sherlock’s gaze. “So what is this?” he asked in a low voice, nodding at the bottle of wine, the dessert plates, the warm glow of the fire.
“You mean the wife walked in on them in the garden shed?” John was giggling in that infectious way that made Sherlock grin.
The aroma of warm butter and broth and lemon drifted over to Sherlock. His mouth watered involuntarily. He stood up, casually walked to the kitchen, poured himself a glass of wine. He stood behind John, watching over his shoulder as he ladled more broth into the pan. Stirring, always stirring.
“Everything alright?”
“A package arrived about an hour ago. They said you’d be coming to check on a friend, and I should give you this.” The clerk leaned down and withdrew a large padded envelope from under the counter.
A photograph could never quite capture all they had shared during the summer, but they would have a record to remember it by in the years to come, treasured images kept secretly among the pages of a book or a locked drawer in a desk.
John picks up a plastic severed hand from the box and studies it. “I don’t know… it could be fun.”
Its members were known as a bohemian crowd, wealthy aesthetes, idlers, intellectuals, and libertines, very different from the silent and stuffy club that Mycroft belonged to, apparently. Thanks to Sherlock’s influence, John was allowed access to the club, although he rarely spoke to anyone beyond a brief nod or hello.
“I'll be fine,” he says eventually. “I'll manage.”
John exhaled, relief flooding his body. He reached for Sherlock, drawing him to his chest, crushing his mouth with his own.
John paused, remembering. “One day, maybe eight months into my post, I was called out to an accident at a construction site. A soldier had been working on some machinery and slipped. His leg got caught in the gears, mangled up to the knee. He was just a young kid, covered in blood, unconscious … I was trying to control the bleeding, trying to keep his mates calm… and then the shooting started. It was complete chaos. I shielded the boy as best I could. Everyone was scrambling for cover, officers screaming orders over the gunfire… and suddenly I was hit.”
“Right,” John eventually says, then looks at the stairs leading up to the next floor. “I’ll go have a look upstairs, if you don’t mind.”
Their lips brushed again, gentle and unhurried, John's fingers tangling into Sherlock's damp hair. Lying back on the blanket, an indulgence of hands and mouths unfolded, clothes slipping off again, lips on skin, a caging of cocks between slow grinding hips, their bodies supple and bending like young willows, lean and strong.
Sherlock smiles at the bad pun. “Time to go home then, and warm up.” He rises to his feet and offers John his hand.
This was too vague. I needed to narrow it down. “But are you, I don't know… Are you ever lonely?”
"Awake?" John asked as he pushed the door open wider with his shoulder, a mug of tea in one hand, a bowl in the other.
“Impressive.”
“I'd like that.” Sherlock welcomed any distraction, but his thoughts couldn't be contained for long. He traced a finger over a lid, thinking back to when John had kissed him the first time among the beehives. It seemed like a lifetime ago, not mere months. He was seized with the urge to see John again, as soon as possible. “Could I take one of these to John's family?”
I followed him up the creaky stairs to the roof. Sherlock settled his back against the low wall running along the perimeter and I joined him. He handed me the pack and I drew out a cigarette, then leaned over the flame dancing from the metal lighter in Sherlock's hand. He lit one up for himself and we smoked without speaking, taking in the skyline around us.
After waking fully, he returned to the bike he had left leaning against the side of the garage. Bending down, he rolled up the cuff of his right trouser leg to prevent it from getting caught in the chain. He then rolled up the sleeves of his white shirt and pulled a pair of dark sunglasses from his pocket.
Mycroft smirks. “The doctors say you’re recovering well. Everything went very smoothly. You’re very lucky.”
“You look well,” he eventually said to me.
Their conversation faded as they neared the village, several cars and bicyclists weaving around them.
Afterwards, they lay in a tangle of limbs, skin gleaming. John threaded their hands together, kissing the inside of Sherlock's wrist.
As he ponders, the distinct feeling that he’s not alone creeps over him like a shadow. He quickly glances at the door, thinking Hannah might have popped her head in to check on him. It’s shut, the room silent. He turns to the window to check if the heavy curtains are drawn. They are.
Sherlock blinked, realizing he'd been so focused on himself that he’d forgotten to think of John. Here was an offer to shift the balance, trade places, as it were. John was giving him permission to unbutton and explore his body this time, going as far as he was comfortable.
“I thought you booked a room at the inn!” My voice rose in a petulant whine.
I colored in a red stormy planet as she told me this. I loved how she talked to me, not sugar-coating words. She was the most honest person I knew.
“He’s in a hurry, isn’t he?” Mike remarked, oblivious to the conversation he had just stumbled into. “Anyway, the party should be good. I’m thinking of inviting Sarah from internal medicine — you know her, right?”
Frustrated, he rakes his fingers through his hair. Something else is occupying his mind, something he’s been trying to avoid for a very long time. He walks to a window and pulls back the curtain to look down at the street. A few dried leaves swirl in the autumn air, people hunching into their coats as they hurry by.
“No lab could turn around an analysis that complex in an hour.”
He wanted to do this for Sherlock, wanted to return an intimate gesture as gratitude for Sherlock's understanding. When Sherlock drew him into that hug, the world was crushing him, breaking him into pieces, and Sherlock held him together. John doesn't know how to repay that kind of debt. He can offer his time, small favors, his friendship, his loyalty. He will be here for Sherlock through thick and thin.
“Of course,” John draws Mrs. Hudson into a hug and smiles over her head at Sherlock.
“What happened?”
John had to turn around to answer. “Yeah, I enjoy seeing the look of terror on students’ faces when I hand these out.”
“Academia isn’t exactly a war zone.”
I let out an exaggerated sigh. “For fuck’s sake, tell him about Sussex. Don't wait.” I turned to leave, then glanced back. “And stop worrying about me. It's about time you two sorted things out, don't you think?”
I wanted him to go on. I let him explore me with fingers and tongue, and I reciprocated, curious, my hand curling around his cock.
“Is there any particular… technique?” Sherlock asked uncertainly.
Sherlock. Where was he, anyway? John glanced at the time, calculating how long it would take to finish preparing everything. Well, he thought while searching through his music to find some Nina Simone, Sherlock would be sorry to miss this. He wasn't going to wait for him.
He's been contemplating this a lot lately, wondering if John wouldn't be better off without him.
John’s gaze continues to roam over the wall. “Fascinating,” he says, engrossed by all the details.
*********************
Sherlock smiled, knowing he had the upper hand. He ran his palm down John's neck, dropping silky words near his ear.
“Coz there’s no need to be,” John rambles over him. He hesitates, then presses on. “And it wouldn’t be the first time I’ve met some beautiful stranger and gone home with them.”
It was the same every summer, and had been for each of Sherlock's 18 years. His parents, both successful novelists, led writing workshops in the sleepy Italian town where his mother’s family had roots. She had inherited her family’s villa, and now it was their annual summer destination and winter retreat. The perfect place for working holidays, his father always joked.
Sherlock smiled back, wrapping himself in their shared intimacy, the lulling murmur of the television, the scratch of his mother's pen, the dry whisper of a page turning in his father’s book.
He worried that he couldn’t remember precisely what Sherlock looked like. He had a good impression, of course, enough to dream about and wank off to, but the fine details -- the exact color of his eyes, the number of freckles on his neck, which cheek dimpled when he smiled -- evaded him.
Sherlock shrugs. “Not so young, either.” He leans down to fish a smooth rock out of the water and skips it over the waves. “Maybe, some day, I'd like to live by the sea.”
She turned to him, amused. “Did I say something that struck a chord?”
“I never underestimate myself.”
He sighed and set his briefcase down on the nearest desk, wondering if he had made a wise decision agreeing to teach forensic science for a year at this American university. Although the university was prestigious, his pay wasn’t spectacular. But the promise of change, of something novel, had been enticing. An old friend from his own university days had looked him up, luring him to the States with a light teaching load and paid housing, casually mentioning that New York City and the Atlantic Coast were just short train rides away, perfect for weekend jaunts.
It’s nearly 11 at night when Sherlock arrives home from the airport. He hooks his bag over his shoulder and trudges up the stairs, exhausted and bleary-eyed. The case in Sweden had been far more complicated and time-consuming than he’d expected.
It's quite possibly the most wonderful suggestion Sherlock has ever heard, yet all he can do is nod once. He picks up the candle by the base, and John loops his hand around his wrist, leading him to the bed.
I nod and shrug on my jacket and coat, waiting while Sherlock winds his scarf around his neck and pulls on his leather gloves, armored.
John waited, watching Sherlock’s reaction.
John quickly pulled them off. “I was just -- I found these on the stairs. You must have dropped them.” His face was burning as he thrust the limp gloves at Sherlock.
Sherlock glanced at him, saw the apprehension in John's eyes, then the veil that fell into place, his expression remote.
“Nothing,” he lied. He was thinking back to his Army days, a stifling desert tent, tempers flaring, and the best blow job of his life. Not a story he was going to share at this particular moment.
Sherlock snorts. “Consulting detective, obviously.”
He stops in his tracks, torn between wooing John to move in and rushing off to the crime scene. Of course he must choose John. Or maybe he can do both.
Relief flickered across Sherlock's face. “Thank you.” He paused. “I suppose I owe you a favor in return.”
God, he was being maudlin. He had to stop this self-pitying. He would be back in his old routine soon enough and could bury himself in his studies. He’d have access to a full laboratory again and time to devote to an array of new experiments. He should not let sentiment derail his ambitions.
“I always finish what I start.” John rolled Sherlock fully onto his back, fitting his hips between lean legs, easing his slicked cock into deep places that made Sherlock arch and shiver.
John looked at him quizzically.
“Liv’s coming this morning, remember?” John calls after him.
John didn't know if Sherlock had left the trail of porn as a joke, or research, or some sort of test that he didn't know how to respond to. John simply never mentioned it, only sneaking long looks at the clips now and then, becoming engrossed in the animal beauty of two (sometimes three) hot men fucking their brains out on a giant bed or leather sofa.
There was another long pause, the sound of laughter floating from across the hall, the notes of the piano starting up, Mycroft bowing to demands to play a Christmas carol.
Somehow, with some help from John, the fly was undone, braces shrugged off, trousers and drawers pushed down, exposing the length of John’s cock. Sherlock gazed at it, taking in the plump veins and dusky hue, darker than his own skin.
“Oh.” He stands motionless in the doorway, looking out at the street. The light drizzle has become a cold downpour.
When John's eyes adjusted, he could make out the strange shapes of exotic plants, spikes and fronds and lush petals, heady tropical scents of spice and sweet twining around them, the air earthy and humid.
Sherlock kissed him, grateful, then smiled against his lips. “We’re going to need to stop at the pharmacy again.”
John grinned back, wondering if that comment was anything more than a joke. He gripped Sherlock’s arse, thrusting slowly into his hand, enjoying the delicious friction of their cocks, caught up in the pleasure of the moment.
“You’re back.” Sherlock stated the obvious, but he was caught off guard by the sight of John in a cream-colored knit jumper, his face more handsome than he remembered.
A small smile plays on Sherlock's lips. He’s oddly content, despite his injuries. But the feeling fades when he thinks again about all the trouble he's causing John, the harsh realities of his work that Olivia is exposed to. The underbelly of London crime is not exactly a wholesome environment.
Another head shake, another button undone.
What to type?
“Yes, and one together, please.”
Sherlock nearly choked at the unintentional implication and coughed into his hand, trying to banish all thoughts of kneeling before John's swollen cock bobbing enticingly in front of his mouth.
His mother shuffled some papers on her desk, clearly working up to announcing something. “I just wanted to say that you've made quite a change for the better since you first arrived. I must commend you on your progress.”
John's mouth tightened. “Fine. Forget it.” He turned on his heel and walked toward his bicycle that was leaning against a tree.
John managed to avoid talking to Sherlock for two weeks, spending as little time in the office as possible, sitting far away from him at meetings, barely nodding in recognition when forced within proximity of each other at obligatory social events. He didn’t want to interact with him, not wanting to stir up any more disturbingly primal thoughts.
“I have an extensive network of eyes and ears helping me.”
“Calm down. Molly will soon realize we’re gone and will come looking for us,” Sherlock reasons. He watches John mutter and pace in front of the door. “Are you claustrophobic?”
He reached out blindly, touching Sherlock’s shoulder, then found himself tugged forward, their faces suddenly very close. They searched each other’s eyes in the low light, reading and evaluating and hoping.
Sherlock let John walk away, sensing a shift had occurred, that he had let fly a daring arrow and it had hit its mark. Time would tell the rest.
Sherlock plants his palms against the top of the drawers, his face reflected back at him in a glass cupboard door. He can see John behind him, nestling his body closer.
“Erm,” she picks up a clipboard. “Alcohol and amphetamines.”
I didn’t tell Dad, but I was thinking about med school. I had missed the application deadline so would have to wait, but I thought I’d try to take a course in biology and see how it went. I didn’t want to get his hopes up.
It was mortifying when the balcony door opened and John slipped inside. There was nothing but silence as John crept nearer, his eyes adjusting to the dim light, his face flashing through a series of reactions as he pieced the events together.
I speared a piece of chicken. “Why does everyone think getting married is so important?”
“Hi, sweetie,” he said.
“No one’s home,” John added, as if reading Sherlock's thoughts. “They're out visiting friends. They'll be gone for hours.”
Sherlock moves, a little stung by Molly’s rebuke.
Without questioning, Sherlock follows every cue, a pressure on his knees urging him draw his feet up to the mattress, his toes curling over the edge, knees pointing up to the ceiling.
Sherlock smiled back, his expression soft. “My pleasure.”
John returned to the resort an hour later with a new book and settled near the crackling fire to read, tuning out the chatter of other guests, losing track of time. He ate a light lunch and dove back into reading, finally brought back to reality by his phone vibrating in his front pocket. He pulled it out and read the text from Sherlock.
“This is absurd.” Sherlock paces. “Help me find the fuse box. It's probably in the basement.”
“Sussex Downs.” He grips John's knee. “There's a cottage by the sea. You can write. We can finally be together.”
“Yes, you should,” John agreed.
“Right, because you bolted out of the bar as fast as you could, then disappeared for days.”
“What's that?” John asked, wiping his hands on a rag.
John knew his livelihood and future depended on forging a successful career in the military. He simply didn't have the wealth or connections that a family like Sherlock’s did. Abandoning his plans and settling for a mediocre job in some small village would never bring in enough to help support his mother.
“So you're the brother,” John stated, making no move to shake Mycroft’s hand. “The office worker. A clerk or something, isn't it?”
Sherlock undresses slowly, wincing when he draws his shoulders back to slip off his dressing gown. He glances at the angry wound on his chest, noting the gradual progress in healing, but trying not to dwell on it. There will always be a scar there to remind him of his close call.
John is sprawled on the bed, his eyes sultry in the low light, his skin glowing, his naked body pinned beneath the straddling grip of Sherlock’s thighs. Sherlock gazes down at him, his fingers trailing over John’s chest, teasing, toying, drawing out the anticipation, determined to savor every drop of their encounter.
It combusted in the elevator, the pressure that had been building up between them all evening, their skin burning at the slightest touch, their thoughts turning molten with every glance.
“Walk more. And your grubby little network of informants will just have to accept a lower rate as well. In short, brother dear, adjust your standard of living.”
“Also,” Sherlock continued, “you need a job, and I could use an assistant with medical knowledge. Perhaps we could come to an arrangement to further reduce your rent in exchange for your services.”
“Good God, no. He’s hopeless.”
“I’ll read yours first.” John held out his hand.
“I want to focus on pathology,” Molly added. “My father supports the idea.”
“So… he’s
Perplexed, he entered the flat. Sherlock was at the kitchen table hunched over the microscope, absorbed in his work. John took off his coat and tried to look casual as he wandered into the kitchen.
“Okay,” John agreed uncertainly. Something was off, but he had no idea what was really going on.
Sherlock eventually goes to his room and opens his laptop, then closes it again, unable to think about anything but John. Desperate for a distraction, he decides to take another shower, hoping the warm water will soothe his raw nerves.
I had to write this. I'm sure you understand.
“There’s no home to go back to. My mother passed away just over a year ago from a heart condition. Aunt Helen's gone, too. That just leaves my sister, and we don't get along.” John looked at his hands. “She wants to sell our parents’ house. I don't care. She can keep the money.”
Mycroft managed to crack a smile. “Must be the wine. Merry Christmas, little brother.” He lifted his glass in a salute, then sauntered away, a thumb hooked in his waistcoat.
His fingers curl around the worn brass handle and he pushes the door open, a shop bell ringing above his head.
“Will you be alright with the stairs? There are quite a few.”
John switched on the small desk lamp and pushed the door shut, making sure it was locked for privacy. He looked around his room, messy as always, thankful that he'd at least washed and folded his laundry yesterday. He moved a stack of clothes off a chair and onto the dresser, then turned to his guest.
“Have you done this before?” Sherlock asks, his voice low.
Sherlock smirked. “They think you're a good influence on me, believe it or not. A reputable companion.”
Sherlock bites back an unflattering comment, deciding to play nice. He needs a favor. “There’s one more thing -- I ran across some old photographs of the family who used to live here. They had a son who served in the army during World War I.”
He is at a loss to explain any of it. For the first time, he must consider the improbable.
Many details and decisions later, the owner called over the master tailor with a crook of his finger. “Let’s begin with Mr. Watson’s measurements.” He turned to Sherlock, assessing his build. “And you, it seems, will need some new measurements as well. Joined a sports club, have you?”
“I think you're right,” Anthea whispered back. “Did you see his hands? They look positively lethal.”
: Mouths roaring open in a chant, signs and banners rippling above the angry crowd.
“Sherlock’s been taken to the A&E. We need to go.”
“Which is?”
“Thanks for your help.” Mr. Holmes gave them a jaunty wave.
They chatted about insignificant things until their food arrived, then agreed on a meeting time to share a ride into the village. They parted ways along the main street, John heading to a bookstore he'd noticed when they first arrived, leaving Sherlock to his errands.
Sherlock gripped John's waist, using the leverage to rut against him. After a few more delicious thrusts, John grasped Sherlock's wrists and bent forward, trapping Sherlock's hands on either side of his head.
“Say, you don’t think --” Dimmock started, then halted.
Sherlock nodded, then turned to leave, burning with confused humiliation. He was by the lilac bush when John called out to him.
John paused on the landing, holding the heavy white envelope that was obviously very expensive stationary. He turned it over, looking for a return address. There was none.
The next day they enjoy a late breakfast, walk a bit around the city, browse a bookstore, have a coffee, take a rest to ice Sherlock's knee. In the evening, they dine in a dim restaurant, then find a bar boasting an impressively long list of whiskeys. They can't help but sample several varieties.
“Trickster,” Sherlock teases, glad to steal a moment alone.
“She's right, you know.” Mr. Holmes continued to work the rag over the car. “If I wasn't acquainted with the vice-chancellor, you might have been expelled.”
“Suit yourself.” Sherlock started the engine and Molly called out a farewell and waved.
“There was a blow to the back of the head -- right there.” She pointed, and Sherlock peered closer. A deep gash about three inches long matted with hair and blood was evident in the skull.
He took inventory of his senses, his limbs and digits, the acuity of his mind. Was he a different person now that he'd unabashedly delved into the world of sexual pleasure? Was he duller, more common, crude? Or was he sharper, more worldly? Had he even changed at all?
John took the slip of paper. “Of course. I’ll write when I'm settled in.” He paused. “What we can say will be limited…”
“Why do we die? Car crash? Heart failure? Bullet to the brain? Could be a million things. But how it happens -- natural or unnatural causes, accident or foul play -- that's the good stuff.”
John slipped the cool glass cylinder of the bottle neck between his lips and swallowed greedily, downing half the beer in one go. He was parched and his nerves were raw. He paused, gripped the bottle tighter, then chugged again, signaling the bartender for another before he set the beer down onto the lacquered bar.
John took another step, standing just a bit closer than was proper, the music muffled in the background. “I think we should go test that theory.”
******************
Sherlock saw her lift her hand and sniff it, wrinkling her nose.
“Well,” Sherlock finally huffs, dismayed at the mix of confusing feelings spiking through him, “maybe you shouldn’t talk to ‘strange boys.’” He practically sneers the last two words, then feels foolish.
“Sleep will do you wonders.” She pats his arm again. “And don’t hesitate to call if you need anything.” She packs up her things, then turns to leave. “Oh, nice that you’ve got a fire going. That’ll take the chill off.”
“Oh, right.” John was surprised, and a little flattered, that Sherlock would offer the helpful reminder, his fingers going to the bullet scar. “I have an old injury. It can still be a bit sensitive.”
Sherlock breathes in John’s scent of leather and skin-warmed cologne, memorizing the exact notes. His runs his hands down John’s back, but his coat is heavy, a barrier. Sherlock starts pushing it off his shoulders and John helps, wriggling his arms free from the sleeves.
But he was still angry, dammit.
“He’s making it up, trying to pin the blame on someone else.”
drive, can't you?”
Sherlock’s legs felt weak, his arms languid when John rose up and claimed his mouth, his Iips laced with a musky taste and scent.
The conference hotel wasn’t hard to find. Sherlock loitered in the lobby, waiting until John’s talk was over, hanging at the back of the room until John answered a few additional questions and autographed his latest book for an admirer.
They stretch out alongside each other, gazing up through the leaves at the now dark sky.
“Almost ready.”
He climbed out of bed, wrapping a sheet around his waist. He shuffled to the door, his foot crinkling an empty condom wrapper on the floor. He peeked down the hallway. No one in sight.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock flexed the fingers of his injured hand. “I caught a bad guy,” he said lightly.
Sherlock checked his watch. “Me too.” He was reluctant to leave, despite the awkwardness of the last few exchanges. But he could hardly insist that they stay longer.
John sets down his glass as well and leans forward, wanting to know more.
Undeterred, he continues up the steps. Hannah scurries after him, whimpering in between curse words.
“He still texts you about medical stuff, right? Couldn’t you help out once in awhile?”
Sherlock’s voice, tinged with grief, traveled far away. “I still think of you.”
John raises to his elbows and kisses Sherlock, then gazes into those impossible eyes, kisses him again, and gazes. With each kiss John shifts, his cock sliding along the length of Sherlock's. There's very little cloth between them, the rough friction irresistible.
He pries his eyes open with difficulty, then pauses, squints, and spirals into confusion. This is not his bedroom. The walls are white, the bed too narrow, a boxy machine off to his side chirping steadily. He struggles to lift his head, a tangle of tubes and wires affixed to his body restricting his motion. A sudden bolt of pain shoots through his chest, causing him to gasp, knocking him back into his pillows. He grimaces, a rush of panic flooding his gut. Something is very, very wrong.
“It's not that hard. I'll walk us through it.”
“And you think I find those things appealing?”
John waited until he could see an impatient tic in Sherlock's jaw, then pushed his jeans and pants down his thighs, past his calves, and stepped free from the crumpled fabric. He stood up slowly, his hands loose at his sides, and tilted his head, silently daring Sherlock to remain impassive.
Breakfast was coming along nicely when John’s voice broke his reverie. “Good morning.” John sounded groggy, still waking up.
**********************
“Dog. Although I don’t particularly object to cats.” Sherlock takes a drink. “But I don’t care for birds. Too… fluttery.” He waggles his fingers with a distasteful motion.
Pleasantly surprised by John’s reaction, Sherlock straightens the items littering his desk, not knowing what else to do while John examines the other photos.
John bent low and kissed him before sliding his hands to Sherlock's thighs, arranging his legs. John's shoulders were outlined against the window, silver moonlight illuminating the room. Sherlock bit his bottom lip, trying to relax, focusing on John's soothing caresses, opening to John's patient persistence.
John turned his head, catching sight of their blurred bodies undulating in the steamy mirror, soft angles, his cock curving up, slick skin pressed against skin.
Private means exactly that -- discreet. Secret. They meet in hotels sometimes, rendezvousing in distant neighborhoods or far away cities. Most often John vanishes in and out the back door through Mrs. Hudson’s old flat. He does not want to draw attention to their situation.
“I’m not riding that monstrosity,” Sherlock repeats. He hears a shocked gasp from Rosie, then steals a glance at her. He’s surprised to see her mouth set in a scowl, her hair mussy, her hand curling into a fist. He almost smiles, charmed by her reaction. So much of her father in her… But no, he’s not getting on that awful thing with its headache-inducing calliope music and sticky children.
Sherlock bristles at her inaccuracy and snaps the laptop shut. “Consulting detective.”
“A bit. Sherlock was a year ahead of me, and he has an older brother who works for the Home Office. Their mother was a mathematician once… She supposedly helped on all this very hush-hush stuff during the war.”
“And you’re still a child,” Mycroft banters back, no venom in his words.
I wasn't particularly convinced about any of it (except for the coffee, which I liked), but I was experimenting, trying to figure out where I fit in. Participating in a ritual to mark the end of life seemed like a much more serious addition to my adult repertoire. Plus I felt bad for Sherlock, of course.
Sherlock squints at the clock. 11:13 in the morning. He covers his eyes with his arm, his head aching. He tries to remember when he went back to sleep last night, but he draws a blank.
“Oh.”
“They’re mysterious, silently appearing from the shadows, a billowy black cloak draped around their shoulders. Some stories say they can turn into bats and fly.”
He knows the owner. They have an agreement. He needs to fill this ache with something. Salt, tang, flesh yielding between his teeth, heat filling his mouth.
“Yeah.”
REVEAL
Armed with a plan, John drew the curtains shut and busied himself by building a fire, warming the room. He sat in his chair, watching the flames leap and dance, one ear listening for the front door to open.
“Angry, worried, horny… The back door,” Sherlock says dispassionately, stirring sugar into his tea. “Calm, respectable, just an old friend visiting… The front door.”
Behind him, Sherlock also gazes into the night. He accepted long ago that John is always going to keep a thin but impenetrable wall between them. John's need for privacy and separate lives is rooted in concern for Olivia, and Sherlock has always understood that.
She pulled away and unlocked her door, sliding into the driver’s seat. “Oh, it’s so cold!” she shivered, laughing, turning on the engine.
“Better than average. I've even composed a few pieces.” He looked at John. “Your go.”
He concentrated on work, his schedule full with teaching, revising manuscripts, and editing a chapter for an upcoming textbook he was contributing to. He ran into Sherlock occasionally, managing to act normally. At least he hoped he did.
When John answered, his voice was husky. “I wouldn't mind.”
The bed frame thumped against the wall, the bedsprings complaining in rapid squeaks
John smiles, glad the situation isn't left hanging awkwardly.
Sherlock can hear a pen scribbling on paper as Mycroft jots down a note.
He barely notices when Hannah leaves, his focus on the floor. Suddenly it dawns on him. That board she stepped on never used to squeak. He stands up and presses his foot on the same spot, giving it a little bounce. It creaks in protest. In fact, it feels a bit loose.
He was spared further criticism when Elizabeth entered the breakfast room. “Pardon me, ma’am, but Mrs. Turner would like to consult with you about this evening’s dinner.”
Sherlock could almost think back fondly on those memories now, but at the time the command performances in starched shirts and too-tight shoes were excruciating. Still, he had developed a love for music, something he had let fade since he had gone to university.
Sherlock finally allowed a faint compliment. “Not bad. Now turn around.”
He sighed. There was absolutely nothing to do here but die a slow death from boredom. The house, Musgrave Hall, was cool and quiet thanks to the thick stone walls, plush rugs, and heavy drapes that lined the narrow windows.
“It's really not suitable. Small, shabby… Besides, I'm disagreeable, up at all hours... who'd want me for a flatmate?”
He bent his neck slowly, his mouth drawn toward John's, sensitive nerves responding to the warmth radiating from skin, mere seconds stretching into endless anticipation, a frisson of fear, the tightly wound tension of pent up desire shimmering in the small space separating their lips.
“No.”
John finally pulls back slightly, seeking Sherlock’s gaze. They smile at each other a bit shyly, the reality of the last few minutes sinking in. There was much more to talk about, but not now. Not yet.
“An old army mate sent me this,” John explains, embarrassed. “It’s from our first post in Afghanistan. Seems like a million years ago…”
“I thought you'd left,” Sherlock murmured, sinking back into the pillow under his touch.
“Sherlock…” John started hesitantly, “so much is going to change in the next few years…”
They lazed away another hour in bed, finally getting up to shower and eat a proper breakfast. John idly checked his phone, ignoring a few unimportant messages, realizing belatedly that it was Christmas Eve Day.
The feather touch of fingertips on his neck made John shiver involuntarily, two thumbs tipping up his chin. John dropped his gaze to Sherlock's mouth again, the perfect Cupid's bow, the swollen bottom lip, and he closed his eyes, not moving, letting Sherlock control the moment. This had to be Sherlock's choice.
“Like code?”
“Two writers shouldn’t live together. My parents being the exception.”
“You’re both staying for a drink, aren’t you?” Molly asks as they wait for the elevator.
John turned, surprised by how stunning she looked in a pale green dress, her eyes rimmed with kohl and her mouth painted a poppy red. “You look lovely,” he said admiringly.
Inside the bathroom, Sherlock looks at himself in the mirror, his features carved and hollowed by the flickering candle. How on earth, he wonders, has this bizarre evening ended with him about to share a bed with John?
This time, they have the luxury of going slowly. It feels heady, surreal, to move to the quiet bedroom illuminated by the glow of streetlights. Loosened shirts and jeans and trousers slither off, pants and socks skim away, and they stand facing, tracing lines delicately along arms, hardly daring to lower their eyes down the length of torsos to the thatches of dark hair and hardening cocks.
John fumbled at the zip of Sherlock’s trousers, their breaths ragged and panting, mouths smearing together until John finally freed buttons and zipper and pants. He sank to his knees, Sherlock’s cock stiff and weighty in his hand.
Sherlock listened, imagining John dragging an agitated hand through his hair, but said nothing.
“Oh, God… more...” he begged weakly, now turning full control over to John. His hands slid from John’s head onto his own skin, stroking up his torso, fingers playing over his nipples, fueling the fire coursing through his veins.
Sherlock groans, turning his head to the side, his hand fondling his cock. “God, yes…
Sherlock groans, hating the thought of sharing his flat, but he could use the money. He’s recently discovered that he’s done a crap job of managing his finances. “Who’d want to live with me?” he mutters.
“I have a few errands to run. When you're finished, meet me at the pub -- the Feather and Thorn. It’s the one on the corner by the bookshop. I’ll buy you a pint.”
“Hello?” Molly calls out, then raps on the door again.
After several more poses, they returned to the front of the shop where Miss Smith took down Sherlock's information.
“You saw her,” John repeats, feeling both justified and oddly unsettled. He looks to Sherlock for confirmation, for some sort of logical explanation. Sherlock says nothing for several moments.
"My mother always cooked with music on. I suppose I picked that up from her." John stirred the rice, letting it absorb all the liquid.
The next night it storms, the room snug against the cold rain lashing at the windows. The panes rattle and the eaves groan with gusts of wind.
“You’re lucky to have grown up with this,” John said. “This place, the sea, the history. Your family.”
At some point they both nodded off, John waking again just long enough to turn off the lamp and open the window to let in the cool night air.
John tries to convey everything through his eyes — so much that he can’t say yet, all that he wants and hopes for — choosing the simplest question. “Will you watch a movie with me?”
Then there was Aunt Harry, who now talked about everything that she used to hide. She was a few years older than my dad, and a few inches taller, which she never let him forget. I learned that for years, she and Dad had barely spoken to each other. She didn't even go to his wedding.
John looked up the staircase, enticed by the warm glow at the top of the landing. “Well, only for a few minutes.”
“Then I feel lucky.” John slides his fingers into Sherlock’s curls. “Extremely —” he shudders when Sherlock sucks a sensitive spot on his neck, “fucking — lucky.”
“I think I know three people whose parents aren’t divorced,” I announced, switching to a fork to scoop up my food. “So why even bother getting married?”
“Oh, good. It may be nothing, but I’d really like to see what you and John think.”
“The young man of the house way back in the early 1900s. Story is,” she leans forward like a confidante, “he trained as an army surgeon and was shipped overseas during World War I. He survived two years of action, then caught a bullet in the desert somewhere. They patched him up and sent him home, but he never recovered. His wound never healed properly and he bled to death on the floor of that bedroom upstairs. They say he died from a curse. Or was it a broken heart?” She tilts her head, trying to remember. “Whatever it was, it was an unhappy ending, so the poor sod still haunts this house.”
It's not a terrible idea, Sherlock thinks, his hands sliding up John's back, drowning in his kiss. It's marvelous. It’s long overdue. It's as necessary as air. It's unstoppable.
She shrugged. “I’d say so. They know the best and worst parts about you.”
“Molly Hopper sent me up. Said you might have a flat share?”
He misses Sherlock, his visceral energy, sharp observations, biting retorts. Even when he’s lying languid and listless on the sofa, he hums with a low intensity, an idling engine.
“John--” he utters his name and John's mouth is on his again, hungry, relentless. John shifts his weight and grasps his own cock in his fist, his forearm sawing urgently above Sherlock's hip.
Sherlock finally glances away, his cheeks warm, trying to think of something neutral to say. “I… I suppose the morgue is the perfect setting for the evening’s theme.”
The coat fell open, pale skin glowing in the light, magnificent chest and thighs and belly carved like marble.
“Jesus, Sherlock!” John throws his hands up in anger. “After what I just told you -- don't you get it?”
Meanwhile, drop me a note, say hello, tell me what your prediction is for how this will turn out,  prod me to keep going, send chocolate or good gin...
Suddenly the pressure lifts and he gasps for breath, the t-shirt falling to the floor. Still in a fog, he fumbles for the call button with shaky hands, collapsing against the pillows, his skin pale and clammy.
John looked at him, longing clouding his eyes, and shook his head. “No, not at all.”
Their hips and legs found a way to fit as John moved his mouth from Sherlock's lips to jaw to neck, his thumb roving over a nipple, bringing it to a peak.
“When did you get this?” Sherlock asked, touching John’s sleeve.
“There's a cafe next door and a grocer just around the corner,” she added as John glanced into the kitchen and down the hallway. The bedroom door was closed.
At the party they mingled, nibbled on hors d'oeuvres, and sipped champagne. Sherlock even managed to behave himself for once, at least for an hour or two.
“Oh god,” Sherlock groans, covering his face with his hands, embarrassed at his train of thought. It’s insane. It goes against everything his rigorous scientific training stands for. It’s simply not possible.
“You don’t like trees?”
Sherlock glanced over at him. “What are you doing?”
Two days later Sherlock's throat was sore and raw and his voice went hoarse. He sat on his chair in his blue dressing gown, knees hugged to his chest, looking miserable.
“God, I’ve wanted this,” John murmurs, dragging his cock over Sherlock's, the friction building, pleasure mounting,
John sets his mug back down. “Okay,” he echoes. After a moment of thinking, he lays out the plan. “After we finish our tea, you go lather up, and I'll do the rest. Easy peasy.”
They sat in silence, Sherlock casting around for something to say. Since that night on the balcony, he had run out of words. John skipped a rock into the water.
They looked at each other, smiling, their pale legs and arses glowing in the low light.
Or he could make them tea, bringing Sherlock his mug while he finished shaving. Sherlock’s hair would be damp, slicked back, flecks of shaving foam smudged under his ear and on his neck. John would breathe in his clean, soapy scent, slip a hand between the folds of his dressing gown, teasing him to semi-hardness...
John has given up prying for details whenever Sherlock limps home with a wound, instead ensuring that he has a well-stocked first-aid kit on hand.
John had no clever answer. “Take it slowly, I think.”
By the weekend he was ready to flee the house and his parents. He gritted his teeth at the small smile they exchanged when his mother pressed him into revealing that he was meeting Molly and her friend at the lake.
“No bugs or cameras, as far as I can tell,” Sherlock says, looking disappointed.
“What do you mean?” Sherlock asked.
After dining, Sherlock hailed a taxi and directed the driver to the tailor’s. When they arrived, Sherlock noticed the way John hung back a bit, taking in the tasteful window display of elegant suits and silk ties. His face betrayed the faintest hint of uneasiness.
“Wires, remotes -- amateur stage tricks.” Sherlock rises from his chair and circles the dark room, fruitlessly scanning the shelves for hidden cameras and devices. “Someone must be watching us, listening.”
“In very simple terms, there are sensory receptors in our mouths that respond to menthol -- but interestingly, these same receptors also respond to low temperatures,” Sherlock explained. “The receptors can’t distinguish between true cold and menthol; they simply signal ‘cold,’ thus making mint feel cold.”
Mycroft laughed, spooning sugar into his cup. “So dramatic. He's always been that way.”
“And then what?” Sherlock dipped his mouth to John's neck, the dressing gown migrating off one shoulder.
*************************
Sherlock smiled back. “Only if you wear that waistcoat with your sleeves rolled up.”
Mrs. Howard turned to John as if he were a confidant. “I’ve known Sherlock since he was a boy. Always up to something mischievous, even though he was so quiet.” She turned back to Sherlock. “Tell your mother we miss her at the club. She’s so clever at cards.”
All was quiet in the hallway.
“Oh, I'd like to be a doctor too,” Molly said. “But my mother has always pushed me into nursing.”
“Elizabeth, sir.”
John assesses him carefully, then takes a breath. “Look, I appreciate your intentions, but let
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Such as?”
John scrabbled in a drawer for a condom, rolling the thin latex down his cock, his overly eager fingers clumsy. Sherlock pushed John onto his back, trailing his mouth down neck, over sternum, past belly, finding what he wanted between John's legs.
When Sherlock opens his eyes again, he sees her. A woman in a green silk dress is standing at the foot of the bed, black hair swept up elaborately, blood red lips, lively blue eyes, high cheekbones accented by a smug smile. Sparks flit around her like fireflies.
John rolled over in his bed, the first rays of the sun casting a soft glow in his room. He had slept poorly, another restless night spent replaying every encounter he'd had with Sherlock, wrestling with every word and glance.
The music had stopped, the room filled with the sound of their own breathing, a siren wailing somewhere in the distance, the purr of traffic from the street below. Sherlock could think of nothing clever to say, no quip to recenter this precarious sense of tipping past a certain point.
Time dissolved into mouths and tongues, fingers tracing and grasping, legs hooking over thighs. They tasted and touched, exploring, rediscovering each other.
He slipped off the gold ring, holding it in his palm for a few moments, saying a final goodbye to a part of his life that had ended in India. He pulled open the desk drawer and found a box that held an old watch. He placed the ring in the box, then slid the drawer closed again.
There was a pause, a hiss of static. Sherlock closed his eyes, imagining John sitting on the edge of his bed, woken up by the call, hair mussed, shirtless.
It's so simple, Sherlock realizes, his hands clutching John's back, what keeps them together in their odd compromise of a relationship. It's why they settle for every imperfect aspect. He just needs to say it out loud himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock punched the pillow next to his head with a sudden viciousness. If that bloody little snitch Anderson hadn't been skulking around and reported him to the proctor, he'd be crossing the Channel right now.
Caught off guard, John fumbled with his cup. “I wasn’t –  I mean, I just noticed – you’ve a hole in your shirt.”
he hissed at himself.
“I'm sorry.”
He ends the call and holds the phone a little longer, trying to tamp down the sense of yearning tightening his chest. He hasn't seen Sherlock in weeks, social obligations and holiday preparations filling up all the weekends. He would be delighted to never attend another dull party at some self-important surgeon’s home.
Disentangling himself from John's lap, Sherlock sank to his knees between John's legs, bruises forgotten, and hooked his fingers over John's waistband. Not breaking their gaze, Sherlock tugged down as John lifted his hips, working the jeans and pants off and tossing them aside.
He played flawlessly, imbuing the piece with more emotion than he’d ever accessed before. It unnerved him, his hand shaking as he drew the bow down in its final stroke. He stood there, overwhelmed.
“C’mon,” Sherlock finally said, standing up. “I’ll show you another one of my places.”
The hallway was quiet as John unlocked the door of his office. It was morning, still early enough that the building was empty, the campus barely stirring except for a few committed joggers and dog walkers.
“But I’ve seen you flirt dozens of times.”
“We caught him. The gunman.”
He watches Sherlock's hands, remembering how they felt skimming up his back to his neck, large and warm, cradling his head as he wept against Sherlock’s chest just days ago. John rubs his forehead, a faint ache stirring behind his eyes at the memory. It was the moment he cracked wide open, and it was the moment he could finally start feeling something again.
“Wondering what?”
John smooths Sherlock’s hair. “You have a long life ahead. You need to go live it. My life is done. Resolved.”
“Oh, God…” Sherlock groaned, “keep doing that…”
“What if we stayed here forever?” Sherlock asked sleepily.
Despite being surrounded by sun-soaked beauty and creative minds, Sherlock still felt very much alone. He never knew quite how to break through and engage with the larger world, never quite knew where he belonged.
“It's not the first time he's met our family.”
The corner of Sherlock's mouth crooked up. “I'm prone to corruption.”
I fidgeted. “You never wish things were different?”
Far from the house, surrounded by the ring of hives in the sunlit meadow, they faced each other where they had kissed for the first time.
. But it's what we have, isn't it?”
“Maybe we’re good for each other,” Sherlock ventured quietly.
John shifts a bit, jutting out his jaw defensively. “What about the flat?”
John obeyed, drifting off again, wrapped in Sherlock's arms and the scents that clung to his hair and skin -- acrid jet fuel, lemony hand soap, the last warm notes of cologne mixing with a salty tang of perspiration.
John regretted the petty insults that he'd hurled in frustration. If he was honest with himself, he could overlook the arrogance (Sherlock was undeniably brilliant), accept the orders (he'd been a soldier, after all), but accusing Sherlock of lacking emotions… that had been a low blow.
“Yeah, well…” John answers, equally vaguely.
He looked at them both. “Let’s go visit the scene of the crime.”
He could feel it building, the tightly coiled sensation low in his balls. His hand slid down to John’s hip, anchoring himself against his own need to thrust into John’s fist. His palm slipped lower, his fingers digging into the hard muscle of John’s arse, eliciting a guttural sound from deep in John's chest. That grunt, the sight of their cocks gripped in John's hand, the friction and tension -- suddenly everything rushed into a white blur.
John maneuvers Sherlock against a set of drawers, nuzzling just below his ear. “All of you.”
“Of course. But not today.”
“Hmm, maybe I'll have you from behind,” John mused, “or perhaps l’d like you on top of me, riding my cock like a stallion.”
“That's true...” John looked skeptically at Sherlock. “But why would your parents want me to go along?”
“Fine.”
Mycroft looked up from his book and raised an eyebrow, then sighed. “Sherlock. Really?”
“Right. I'll just get a few of my things, and take the sofa.” She pries off her heels, gathers up a t-shirt and pajama bottoms, reaches for a pillow, and he blurts her name.
“Just… have a seat.” John tosses a towel over his shoulder and fills the sink with water while Sherlock sits on the edge of the closed toilet seat.
John glances at his hands. “You’re right. I was working in Greece. Before that, I was in Jordan, Syria, Pakistan… Been traveling around, volunteering with different medical aid organizations.”
Sherlock forced his eyes back up, meeting John’s. “We should.”
“He didn't make it. He lost too much blood.” John rubbed his palm along his thigh, agitated. “I couldn't save him, either.” His mouth twisted in a bitter smile. “So maybe it's all for the best that I can't control the tremor in my hand or the pain in my leg. I’m not fit to be a doctor.”
They sat in silence for several moments, letting the subject fade.
For any history buffs out there, I did base John's military assignments around actual events and battles (but took a lot of liberties).  And in case you need to see John in his uniform:
His outburst was effective -- John quickly turned his attention to the water and Molly bit her bottom lip.
“Hmm… A pity that restaurants tend to frown on nudity.”
I turned over onto my side and stared at the wall.
John lifted his hand and watched the slight tremor, his ring glinting in the light. He thought about Mary, remembering her gentle smile, how tiny her waist felt circled in his hands. She had been kind and clever, but had not been complicated.
“We've barely seen each other. What about Saturday? We can meet at the lake.”
Sherlock didn’t answer, remaining in the doorway. “Are you going to call her?”
“I suppose I ought to know your first name, then.”
“Look, about earlier today,” John flexed his hands on the lower part of the steering wheel. “I'm sorry if I offended you. I asked a personal question. It's none of my business.”
“How would you like to do a good deed?”
John isn't so sure, but lets it drop. His unease has not disappeared, but the scotch is dulling the edge a bit.
He'd forgotten that one of the wheels had lost its rubber outer coating somewhere on a flight to Istanbul more than a year ago. Now the battered bag rolled unevenly along the tiled airport floor, making an annoying clicking noise every third rotation.
“Neither can I. It's been a long time.” John paused again, a note of uncertainty in his voice. “I hope it's alright, calling you like this.”
John tightened his grip, stroking with his mouth and hand, saliva pooling at the corners of his lips, relishing Sherlock's increasingly incoherent moans.
“‘I’m aware of that.”
“You’re going to make the police look incompetent again, aren't you?”
“Smashing,” Sherlock said crisply, being a smart arse. “See you then.”
John’s idea of a hilarious Christmas present. Still unread.
John’s eyes flicked away, not denying it. “It’s not a good idea.”
Sherlock resettles the laptop on his legs, trying to find a comfortable typing position while stretching out on the sofa in the library. The safe house is old and drafty with ancient plumbing, gloomy furniture, and worn rugs, the WiFi apparently the only modern feature. The British government clearly had no budget to upgrade the decor.
“What did you grow up with?”
“Shoulder wound?” Sherlock hazards a guess.
“Both,” Sherlock grinned against John’s mouth, sliding his hands under John’s
Sherlock slid the frame back into place, wishing there was some way to store up warm afternoons and starry nights, slow caresses and languid kisses. The autumn loomed ahead like a grey canvas, empty and lifeless.
(See the end of the chapter for
John backs away, gasping out an apology. “I’m sorry — I shouldn’t have done that.”
John grinned. “I thought I’d lost it.” He looked more carefully at Sherlock. “You still have it?”
Sometimes the shadows fall closer to home. A rooftop. A crackhouse. A different kind of pain, an ache.
“It's lovely,” John said quietly.
*****************
“C’mon, it’s your birthday.” He taps thick-fingered at the screen. “I downloaded this app. It’s like, you know, a question game.”
John had to step around her, his heart hammering in anticipation as he tentatively glanced into the booth. Sherlock was absorbed in the wine menu, running a thoughtful finger over his bottom lip.
“Nah. Died two years ago. Misjudged a curve, rolled his truck.”
“Oh.”
He turns his head toward Sherlock, finding his mouth, his palm covering Sherlock’s cock. It doesn’t take long — a few firm strokes — and Sherlock comes in John’s hand, moaning a kiss into his mouth.
“Did I say anything?”
Sherlock quickly calculated the pros and cons of the situation. He’d get out of his mother’s stuffy study more often and away from the house. On the other hand, it meant more hard work. An image of John’s bare muscled back lingered in his mind. Maybe the additional physical labor would be worth it…
I knew the outlines of that part -- his fake suicide and dramatic return still came up as a side note whenever he solved a particularly newsworthy case.
He turns off his phone. Tomorrow he will drive up to visit his parents. He's not sure if he's looking forward to it or not. He's not sure of anything anymore.
“I never said that.”
“You know I can’t do that, Liv,” he said more gently. “The hours are insane, the pay is unpredictable, and it's certainly not safe. I need to work and make sure you're taken care of.” He half smiled at me again. “All of that was a long time ago.”
“Watch it, Holmes.” A shoulder and a sneer pushed past him on the steps.
“Your mum is sweet,” John said mildly, wandering around the room, touching things here and there. He leaned against the desk and looked at Sherlock knowingly. “I remember that bed. We sneaked up here our last night together before I went off to training.”
John stops, embarrassed that he got so carried away. Why did he say “our bed sheets?” He meant their own rooms, their separate beds, but it sounded far more intimate. And where did that bit about lovers come from? Had Sherlock ever had a lover? John looks at his feet, then glances up at Sherlock to see if he’s mocking him.
“Why didn't I see it?” Sherlock chastises himself softly. “Why didn't you tell me?”
“I’ll have that pint now, if you don't mind.”
“So do it now.”
“Goodbye, John. Be careful.”
“I'm aware of that, Mother.” Sherlock intoned, spinning away from the window in agitation. He caught sight of John and rolled his eyes, shrugging helplessly. “Yes, I know. … Yes, I've already said three times that I'll be there. … Oh God, must we do that again?”
“Thank you,” John said tersely, drumming his fingers on the desk.
Sherlock clenches his glass, trying to relax. “And do what?”
Molly looked shocked. “Why not?”
John has turned it over and over in his mind, the reasons for keeping their lives separate and relationship secret all these years, and he’s had to ask himself if, at some deep level, he feels ashamed. He’s dug at that uncomfortable splinter of a thought, but that’s not it. He no longer gives a damn what other people think about who he is or isn't sleeping with.
John smiles, brushes a curl away from Sherlock’s forehead, and Sherlock's heart unfolds.They let their hands and lips wander, place tender kisses in hollows and curves, drawing out sighs and soft murmurs.
“No, I’m not.” John placed his hand on Sherlock’s knee. “I’m really not.”
He checks his phone once more. Nothing. Sighing, he slips it into his back pocket, mentally switches gears, and opens the bathroom door, rejoining his family.
The full moon hung low in the sky, lighting the way to John's balcony door. Even if it had been pitch black, Sherlock would have easily found his way. He knew the few steps from his room to John's by heart, knew the shape and weight of the door handle in his palm, knew the rustle of the sheets as John lifted them for him to slide into bed.
“Good, good,” he clapped a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “By the end of the summer we’ll have our own honey. The sweetness makes the smoke and stings worthwhile.”
Sherlock’s voice — a deep rumble rasping with an edge of vulnerability — vibrates in John’s chest, loosening his doubts and inhibitions, giving him the courage to tilt his head, close his eyes, and finally taste the coveted fruit of Sherlock’s tempting, plush lips.
Sherlock wrapped his legs around John as they kissed, clutching him tightly. He often imagined what complete intimacy with John would be like, John slowly coaxing him open, the hard tip of his cock gradually penetrating him.
“No,” John grits out. “I just don’t want to be trapped in a musty old storage room all night with two skeletons and a light bulb that’s about to burn out.”
The needles are soft in John’s fingers, not as prickly as he imagined they would be.
John cracked a smile. “It wasn’t very professional of me.”
Sherlock rocked into John's hand, wanting him to feel his need. Seized with recklessness, Sherlock stripped open his belt and hastily undid his fly, drawing out his cock. John’s fingers were wrapped around him in a heartbeat, stroking him quickly to hardness.
John stands up and paces to the window, lifting back the curtain to gaze down at the street. Quiet. Peaceful. Dull.
John idly gazed at a purple orchid that arced gracefully over their heads.
Sherlock bristled, but Mycroft pressed on. “He's leaving for the army. You’ll likely never see him again after this summer.”
“Aren’t they marvelous?” Sherlock breathed softly. “Bees.”
That night Sherlock dreamt about touching John, naked and breathless, of being touched in return, wanting him, all of him, inside of him. He woke with an erection he desperately finished off by rutting into the mattress, panting into his pillow.
John reels inwardly as the words hit home, convinced they're meant for him. His eyes meet Sherlock's in the reflection and he worries that Sherlock can see every hidden thought, every fantasy, exposed on his face.
Sherlock waited, watching John as he weighed the offer.
John smoothed back a lock of hair from his forehead and glanced away. “I don’t know about you, but I'm famished,” he said curtly, striding toward the picnic.
“The 10:20 train. You've told me six times.”
John set his drink to the side and turned the gloves in his hands, caressing the buttery grain with his thumbs.
Sherlock ached with confusion, not knowing what to feel. For so long, he had avoided putting a name to the thoughts and memories that occasionally surfaced, burying them with work and syringes and violin music.
“Alright,” John agrees, pushing himself out of the chair. “I don’t have a shift tomorrow.”
Sherlock didn't have time for small talk. “No, sorry.”
Things soon fell into place; Dad published the first book of cases, Sherlock brought home a dog unannounced, and they quickly figured out how to live together again.
She pulls the stethoscope from her bag and listens carefully to his heart, takes his blood pressure and temperature, then asks a series of questions about his symptoms.
They looked at each other, enjoying the edge of risk in their midnight meeting.
“This one’s like the others. Supposed suicide, but it doesn't make sense.”
John balked at the thought. Wearing the gloves would cross some sort of personal boundary, wouldn't it?
had he come on so strong with that heavy-handed invitation to come into the house?
John’s ribs -- the ridges and curves as they sloped to his waist; the planes of his stomach, the taut skin, the dip of his navel were all a marvelous discovery. Could this be what John felt when he touched him? This fascination?
Sherlock willed John to shut up, not wanting to talk about it.
As I left the bathroom, I heard a gentle sigh in the bedroom next door, as if someone was rolling over to find a more comfortable position, nestling into the delicious softness of a pillow. There was a creak of bed frame, a low murmur. Silence. Another creak, another sigh.
“Olivia Watson, you are in serious trouble.”
He threw it over his shoulders then drew John into his arms, wrapping them both in its wooly warmth. John's hands slid around his waist, coming to a rest atop his buttocks.
John ran a hand through his hair. “I'll have to check with my mum.”
“And now you’ve come back to London.”
Fingers coil, lips brush. “I like whims,” Sherlock breathes.
“Then I'll tell you.” John leaned in conspiratorially. “I'm a man who's about to finish his drink and walk into that pharmacy over there to buy a few necessities. You're going to finish your drink and pay the tab, then wait for me on that corner.”
John grins into his glass. Maybe it’s ridiculous to still be so infatuated at their age -- they’re both in their 50s -- but he doesn’t care. He’s going to take advantage of every minute of this getaway, almost a week alone with Sherlock.
“Notice something?” John asked, buttering a hot roll that had just arrived on the table, expecting to hear about three affairs and one bankruptcy that Sherlock had just deduced.
Sherlock watches John disappear down the hall, his gait slightly uneven. This had been a foolish idea, Sherlock thinks. As foolish as the feelings he's been harboring for John.
They clambered up the rocky beach and climbed back onto the dock, where Sherlock scooped up the blanket, shivering slightly.
John’s mouth curves up, his fingers laced around his cup. “Maybe.”
The curves of John's bare back flashed in the sunlight as he bent over a fallen tree, his foot braced on the trunk, the saw in his left hand. The loops of his braces hung down from his trousers, his shirt discarded over a nearby lawn chair.
John walked closer, stepping into the light of the narrow hallway. The smirk on Sherlock’s face morphed into an expression of wonderment, his hands drifting down to his sides and his mouth forming a small O.
“I've only just sat down,” John protested.
Two days pass and Sherlock hears nothing from John, and doubt gnaws at his insides. No one really notices, though, he hides it so well behind his usual brusque behavior. Lestrade just thinks he's irritable, short on sleep and patience.
John shrugged. “I'll phone her, tell her not to wait up tonight.”
So Sherlock speaks first, his voice low and strange to his own ears. “I'm sorry,” he says, letting go of John's hand and the jacket, taking a small step away.
“I'm sorry,” he had started haltingly. “It must be hard to understand why we've been so...” he trailed off.
“At least I have the maturity to own them.”
“Someone’s turning over a new leaf,” Mrs. Holmes commented approvingly, spearing a boiled potato sprinkled with butter and parsley.
So here's my confession. I'm purposely (cruelly? annoyingly?) drawing this story out, even though it's relatively short. Why, you ask? It's sort of an experiment, forcing readers to feel the passage of time between events (chapters) as Olivia grows up.
“John,” Sherlock whispers, then shakes John's shoulder.
John's jaw twitched.
He slips the field hospital and group photos from their tabs and slides all three images into his pocket. He’ll study them more closely later. Right now he needs to sit down.
“No, not exactly.” He had that look of not wanting to delve into a complicated story. “My leg’s better now, that's all that matters.”
“You may not believe it, but it’s true,” John added, reading his thoughts.
It was a house dating from the early 1800s, tall trees surrounding the property. The wooden clapboard siding was weathered gray with slate blue shutters, the two-story home now divided into two apartments. Sherlock rented the top floor.
He soon heard footsteps coming down the stairs, then the door swung open. Sherlock, dressed in black trousers and a white shirt with the sleeves rolled up, stared at him.
“Say you'll come with me to London,” Sherlock murmured urgently. “Promise it.”
John’s mouth quirked up. Like hell he ‘borrowed’ it. “You have my number?”
Sherlock glared at Mycroft as he accepted the tea. “We’re arch enemies,” Sherlock clarified.
His hands moved uncertainly to John's waist, steadying himself, his fingers curling tighter when John's lips brushed the corner of his mouth.
John was deep into his work when a sharp rapping on the door startled him.
John stepped over the threshold and briefly shook her hand. “John Watson.”
John stood, the muscles in his thighs flexing. “I’m going for a swim, if you want to come.”
joking?”
They fall asleep, fully clothed, breathing softly in unison.
John wiped his hands on his trousers, waiting for Sherlock to park and exit the car.
“Are you happy?” I rushed the words out before I could change my mind.
“Then what if somebody’s still in the house, hiding, just waiting to kill us?” Hannah nervously strokes her throat.
John rubs his neck again and Sherlock hovers closer. “And a minute later, I've convinced myself I'm overthinking everything. It could be simple.” John looks up into Sherlock's eyes, at a loss. “Couldn't it be? Simple?”
“Undress for me.” He eased back, leaning against the desk to watch.
John’s eyes snapped to Sherlock in surprise, then back to Molly. She hadn't mentioned that particular fact. She was so bubbly, he had a hard time picturing her living in a somber funeral home. His gaze fell to the package.
“Where's Dimmock?” Sherlock interjected.
“Bloody hell,” John heard himself say. He wasn't usually caught off guard, but the man burned with an energy that crackled across the room. Those piercing eyes, the corded tendon running down his neck, the buttons straining over his chest…
Maybe Aunt Harry already knew. My gut told me that she did, but that she was also keeping their secret for them. Maybe someday we’d talk about it. Not today, though. I snuggled deeper into the corner of the sofa.
He slips off his coat and shoes, finds the remote, switches on the telly, and sinks under the covers. The bed is soft and smells like rose hand lotion, the bedside lamp casts a pool of warm light. He's hiding, avoiding everything, disappearing.
Harry was divorced and lived alone. She still kept a photo of her ex-wife on her bedroom dresser. I had a lot of time to explore Harry's flat, since I was there most days after school and whenever Dad had to work weekends.
“On Halloween?” John stares at him incredulously, then shakes his head. “Oh my God, you’re turning into Mycroft.”
He shudders, aftershocks of orgasm leaving him splayed on the bed. He’s barely aware of John stretching out next to him, kissing his shoulder. He closes his eyes, savoring these moments of bliss, the low hum of John’s presence next to him.
“I am,” he answers truthfully.
He rubs his face, thankful to avoid the Holmes Christmas this year. His parents are on a cruise, a gift from Mycroft. Sherlock smiles wryly, knowing Mycroft deliberately scheduled the trip to fall during the holidays. His big brother occasionally has moments of genius.
“I’m thinking.”
Wine. Must get the wine. Quickly. Something crisp and white. Something John would like.
Sherlock paused. “Red ink.”
A million emotions flit across John's face as he struggles to comprehend. “How -- ? Liv
“This wine is from a box.” Sherlock appeared at his elbow, squinting at the red liquid in his own glass.
“I’m sorry, but I don't recall anyone like that.” The clerk frowned contemplatively, then his face suddenly brightened. “Are you Mr. Watson, by chance?”
“Hi.” John’s voice was low and soft as he smiled in return. “I’ve been watching the road, in case you came by.”
Sherlock took in the small feast before him. "How did you learn to do this?"
A few minutes later, after Olivia has won the game, Sherlock comes into the kitchen and stands near John.
“You've got the chills,” Mrs. Hudson offered helpfully, crossing over to the stove to stir the simmering pot. “Good thing I brought up some soup for you boys.”
They don’t move, the seconds ticking by, the silence eventually broken by Sherlock’s low voice.
Mrs. Hudson looked pleased. “What kind of work do you do, Mr. Watson?”
So while it's not perfect, John and Sherlock’s relationship right now is good. Very, very good. They've made it through more than one rough spot -- spats and quibbles, long separations due to work or other obligations, the death of Sherlock's father.
Since Dad would never tell me, I asked the question. “What was she like?”
Mrs. Holmes smiled. “I thought you might like to invite your friend, that John fellow. He was very helpful, and a good influence on you.”
Sherlock really wanted the conversation to end. He glanced at his watch. “Must dash. Good luck.” He swept through the door and down the hallway without waiting for a response.
The fire is dancing in the grate, the fresh garland scents the room with pine, the glass of red wine has a satisfying finish, and he has the whole evening to himself. John relaxes in his chair, stretches out his legs, and sighs.
After paying the bill, they lingered over the last of the wine, falling silent. John moved his leg closer to Sherlock's, then placed a hand over his knee.
“I have a meeting, so I'll be going.” He gathered his attaché case and headed to the door. “Think about what we discussed. It would behoove you to pay more attention to your finances.”
He could easily make himself come, but he wants John to climax first, wants to feel the pulse of John’s orgasm inside of him. He clenches John’s cock, words spilling out of his mouth in a filthy, velvety rumble.
Sherlock hears the phone vibrating across the top of the coffee table and ignores it. He knows it's John. He's sitting in his leather arm chair, the inky dusk settling around him. There’s not one stitch of holiday decoration in the flat, no tree or fairy lights or garland, just a small stack of unopened Christmas cards tossed on his desk.
“Just being vigilant,” Harry answered breezily.
“Facing the media,” he fills in. “Standing up there with me. Keeping me in line.”
“Chin.” John tips Sherlock's head up slightly and he crouches just a bit. He catches Sherlock's eye for a moment, smiles slightly. It's impossible to hold a conversation like this, yet he's glad for the silence, happy to share this quiet moment.
John felt a shiver at the base of his spine. He wanted to live dangerously, didn't he? Visiting a murder scene at night with a man he desperately wanted to kiss again certainly qualified as reckless. In fact, it was mad. He looked back at Sherlock. “Wouldn't miss it for the world.”
Sherlock took a sip. “Perfect. Thank you.”
Sherlock’s eyes flick down, illuminated a beautiful sea blue-green by the screen light. He speaks. “What is something you’ve always wanted to do but were too afraid to?”
“Exactly how many enemies do you have?” she asks incredulously.
The sheet slipped from John's lower back, sleet pattering against the glass, the long hours of velvet night pooling like a secret gift before them.
The nervousness grew. In the hotel room, he touched the black suitcase that belonged to Sherlock just to make sure it was real. He tugged slightly at the zipper, curious. It gave way a few inches, and John slipped a finger inside. Soft fabric, maybe a t-shirt. He suddenly felt guilty and pulled the zipper shut again.
“I mean --” John grips his glass again, trying to get the words out. “I've seen things I can't explain. Not just tonight. In the past.”
“We knew each other,” Sherlock finally answered. He held John's gaze, his expression inscrutable. “A long time ago.”
John looked up, surprised that Sherlock sounded unsure of himself.
Sherlock crosses over to the desk and picks up the house phone, listens. He slowly replaces the phone into the base. “No connection.”
“You take it black, if I remember correctly.” Sherlock handed him a mug, then crawled back under the sheets next to John.
“It's very pragmatic,“ John corrected. “It's my way out. There's nothing for me here if I don't become an officer.”
Resigned, he turned up his coat collar and began walking toward the nearest Underground entrance, dreading standing amongst the crush of damp humanity that would smell like wet wool and old boots.
“Did you break your foot or something?”
Sherlock soon returns with two generous pours of whiskey and hands me a glass. He unbuttons his suit jacket with one easy motion, settling into his chair with a sigh.
“Where’s Anthea?” John shouted above the din.
“Take the rest off.”
Sherlock now opens the last door in the hallway and peers into the room. Bed neatly made, a cool stillness in the air. Nothing unusual.
“Ah. Well, maybe next term then.”
John stood up and went to his desk again, trying not to think about how he'd been splayed over it, moaning, pinned down by Sherlock's lithe body -- just focus, open the damn laptop, look him up, and get a grip. Where was the bloody thing? He lifted a stack of papers, pulled open the desk drawer. Had he moved it? Must be on the dresser.
“And I was right.”
John's palms slide back to those taut buttocks, his fingertips sensing how Sherlock will move, anticipating the lift and drop of his hips. John gazes up at Sherlock's face, the shadows playing across his eyes and cheekbones, the glow of candlelight illuminating the planes and angles of his torso. It's so good, this moment, the waves rolling onto the shore, the balmy night and clear sky, their bodies coupled together.
Sherlock looked up at me, seeming a bit nervous at the thought of broaching the subject with my dad. “You're sure?”
The movie is forgotten, the world narrowed to eager lips and hot breath and sensitive skin, the leather upholstery groaning as they shift, snogging heavily, a tangle of limbs pressed into the corner of the sofa.
When he finally felt it was safe to move again, he quickly purchased a copy of
John held his gaze, cautious.
“I’m sure I will.” Sherlock grips the phone, feeling he ought to add something else. “Thank you, Mycroft. You’ve been very helpful throughout all this.”
“Um, sure.” John glances at Sherlock, then looks away, still embarrassed. He reluctantly takes the key ring that Molly hands to him, then walks to the double doors, cursing his bad luck. The last thing he wants to do is face Sherlock after his stupid remark. He pushes through the doors and Sherlock slowly follows.
He watched the shimmers of expression crossing Sherlock's face, sensuality and discovery gradually giving way to something more primal. John took him a little deeper, a little faster, Sherlock's fingers wending into his hair, his hips lifting in response.
They weren't finished with each other yet. The next morning in the shower, John's fingernails bit into the grout of the tiled wall, Sherlock thrusting into him from behind, hands splayed around John's hips. Droplets snaked down the full-length glass walls, the spray of water dancing off their skin.
“Revenge?” John offered.
“Stamford could do it.”
John returned the third kiss, wanting more, forgetting everything but the immediacy of desire. He groaned, pressing his mouth harder against Sherlock’s, his hands tightening their hold, Sherlock's fingers gripping into his skull.
What the hell…? The messages were from Sherlock. I sat up and tried calling, but it immediately went into voicemail. I dialed my dad; again, voicemail. What were they thinking, not answering their bloody phones?
“What?” John asked, seeing the change in his expression. “What are you smiling about?”
Sherlock lowered his gaze to John's. “I love you.”
I took in his words, trying to absorb everything he was saying.
We took a taxi back to Sherlock’s flat so Dad could monitor the unwilling patient. It was late, and Dad tucked me into the bed upstairs in the spare room. I knew it used to be his room when he lived here, and that made it feel familiar to me.
Sherlock tries to think of a way to approach this. “What door did you come in just now?”
Oooooo, spooky! What could possibly happen next? I bet you can guess. ; )
“Can I get you anything?” John asked softly.
John smirked. “Billy.”
He felt John's arms wrap around him from behind. “You
“You two looked good out there,” John commented casually.
could make him nervous and unsure. The knowledge emboldened him to capture Sherlock’s mouth again and slowly slip his tongue between his lips, drawing out a soft moan.
Sherlock sank deeper, holding on to the sensation of John filling him, his nails biting into John's skin. He raised and lowered his hips again, wanting to take every inch, John's lips parting with desire.
Sherlock shifted in his chair, relieved she didn't know about the morphine. “I was curious,” he offered weakly.
Hannah purses her lips and assesses him. “You feeling alright?”
John’s mug stops midway to his mouth, Sherlock's acceptance unexpected.
Sherlock’s eyes slowly opened, a bit dazed. His head sank against the seat next to John's. “Kiss me like that again.”
“Why the hell not?” John asked, disbelief in his voice. “With that face, you could have anybody.”
John eventually emerges from beneath the duvet, grinning, his face flushed, and kisses Sherlock’s lax mouth, plush and pinked.
Holmes’ mouth curved up only slightly. “Contract work.”
Thanks for reading -- I'd love to hear your thoughts on this so far. (Or at any point, really.)
“Go stand by the fire,” John grinned, walking to the bathroom and soon returning with a towel.
“Good afternoon. Can I help you gentlemen?”
The waiter approaches and John carefully withdraws his hand. The moment is lost again. But once the server is gone, John looks at him, searching his face.
Sherlock fortifies himself, eyes averted.
John flicked a strawberry stem into the grass. “There was a girl, and then there wasn’t. And then there were quite a few others, and the last one dumped an entire pint of lager into my lap because I accidentally called her the wrong name. I might have deserved that.”
“God, I want you,” John whispered hoarsely,
“I might as well say this now, since your father won't do it.” She paused, setting her cup down. “We’re extremely disappointed with your behavior.”
The words sting. Anger wells up as Sherlock sends a reply.
“It’s a bit sore,” he admits. “But you’re an excellent distraction.”
Suddenly it was November, a few days before classes dismissed for Thanksgiving break. Although John didn’t really understand the holiday, he was looking forward to a quiet week off.
“Sherlock,” John repeated. “Odd name.”
He turns his attention back to the computer screen, scrolling through his inbox, hoping for a case to distract him. He can’t actually work while trapped in the countryside — he’s possibly deceased, after all — but he’s desperate enough to check for some sort of puzzle to occupy the time.
They wrapped around each other like vines clinging to a tree, climbing toward the light. John buried his face in Sherlock’s neck, panting, thrusting, almost fearful of his own passion. The intensity of his orgasm flooded over him, momentarily drowning him, making him gasp.
“Your ties are atrocious.”
“You’re back early.” Sherlock’s observation came out as a growl.
Sherlock fixed Mike with a icy stare. “I prefer to work alone.”
Sherlock said nothing, unwilling to play into whatever game Mycroft was plotting.
Mike raised his hand jovially. “I’m to blame for that.”
“John, I’d like you to meet someone,” Anthea was saying, looking quite pleased with herself. “This is Mr. Holmes.”
“Ah.” John pulled at his whiskey. He wasn't feeling nearly drunk enough. He wanted to leave, and yet he didn't. There didn't seem to be much point standing here chatting if Holmes just wanted to hook up with Anthea. Where was she, anyway?
“Hadn’t noticed,” John replied, leaning against a low stone wall. Growing more curious, he couldn't resist trying to find out more about Holmes. “What exactly do you do again?”
Sherlock's expression was unenthusiastic. “Let’s get this over with.”
After dinner, Sherlock started the waltz lesson, trying to drill into my head the concepts of three beats, making the shape of a box, quarter turns, and not looking down.
“Lemon squeezy,” Sherlock finishes drily, holding up his injured finger.
“How long will you stay here?” John asks softly.
“I had some bizarre dreams.”
“I’m sure the hospital administrators would be thrilled to know that food and alcohol are being served in the morgue.”
he wanted -- was in the bedroom downstairs. That lanky body and those mesmerizing eyes. That brain, a racing engine of arcane knowledge and keen observation that could capture nuances in a spot of blood or the burnish of a brass door handle.
“I could ask the same,” John points out with a small smile. His face grows more serious. “I didn't say anything… because I was afraid you didn't feel the same way.”
A scantily clad Sherlock surprises John at work.
Sherlock smiled. “I didn't make a very good impression when we talked for the first time, as I recall.”
Sherlock closed his eyes, dimly aware of John stroking his back, of the hard tip of John’s erection nudging against his hip. Soon, he would take John’s cock into his mouth and lavish it with attention, suck and lick him to orgasm, swallow his bitter semen. For the moment, he breathed in John’s skin, never wanting to leave this bed, this embrace.
Sherlock pinches the bridge of his nose, struggling with his rational objections. He must remain open to the possibility that science cannot yet adequately explain the phenomena he’s experiencing. He must keep an open mind. He picks up the book again and continues reading, his hands still unsteady.
Mycroft clears his throat, stalling. “You’ll be staying at a safe house. We still don’t know who did this. Until we catch him or her, you need to be kept out of sight.”
John swallowed, a warmth spreading low in his groin, making him unable to tear his gaze from Sherlock. A terrible realization pinged in his brain.
He slid his hand up Sherlock’s arm, drawing him closer, kissing him along the curve of his jaw, tilting his head to find his lips.
“I suppose it could have been a rat bumping around,” she says, trying to sound convincing. “Maybe it chewed through the wiring, too.”
“Who’s the other visiting prof?” John asked, resigned. “Anyone I know?”
John takes hold of the support beam of the shorter specimen and rolls it toward the door. He grasps the door handle, but it doesn’t budge. He rattles the handle again, but it refuses to open. “Shit. It’s jammed.”
John unbuckled and followed, shoving his hands into his coat pockets as he walked toward
John turned his face up into the spray of water, the sting of each jet needling him into wakefulness. He’d slept terribly the last few nights, Greg’s sofa putting a permanent crick in his neck.
Sherlock rubbed the nape of his neck, unsure if he wanted John to meet his family. It could prove to be quite awkward. On the other hand, he'd get to spend an afternoon with John. “I'll ask him,” he finally agreed, not convinced he actually would.
Maybe he was caught up in writing, or had gone to another town on an errand. Or maybe he regretted what had happened last night, changing his mind again in the harsh light of day. Maybe he was just one of John's conquests, another easy lay in a long string of meaningless summer affairs.
“My house.” Sherlock said impulsively. He warmed to the idea, suddenly seeing how everything could work. “The help has the night off, and my parents are going to some sort of charity gala. They’ll all be out late.”
“I don't care for the term ‘assistant,’” John finally said.
“I wish I could kiss you right now,” John said softly, breaking past his thoughts.
He settles for growling, “Shut up and kiss me again.”
John smiled slyly, sitting back on his heels, straddling Sherlock’s hips, grasping his cock, stroking himself.
“Not yet.” Sherlock placed the needle carefully onto the record, the strains of a waltz soon filling the room. “Do you know anything about music?”
“Fine, then. Colleague.”
“I’m awake. You can stop whispering,” he muttered. He didn't feel right. His throat was scratchy, his head hurt, and every last muscle ached.
John loved how it shifted and changed under his touch, engorging, lengthening. He envisioned finishing Sherlock off with his hand, or dropping his trousers and bending Sherlock over the sink, thrusting from behind, catching glimpses of their gasping faces in the mirror. Arousing, but lacking the depth of intimacy he craved.
The voice is a tendril of a whisper, causing Sherlock to glance quickly behind him. Nobody is there. His heart races. Almost no one knows his given first name — William — and no one ever uses it. And yet he just heard it. He waits, unsure, tense. Nothing more happens.
“What are you current research interests?” Sherlock asked rotely, unmoved by her smokey glance.
Sherlock twisted again, still not seeing it. John stood up, took the few steps over to Sherlock, now just behind him. He lifted his hand, extended his index finger. “Lower down.” He stopped talking and demonstrated, placing his finger into the hole, touching the warm skin through the fabric. “Right here.”
Sherlock gripped John's hand tighter, ignoring the pain in his toe. “Now step back with the right, back sideways with the left, together again -- and there's our box.”
John shrugs, unconvinced, and pulls the sheet up to his shoulder, laying his head back on the pillow. Sherlock spoons him, his mouth on the nape of his neck.
“I heard that,” Sherlock said without looking up. “Your sympathy is overwhelming.”
“It's been a long day,” he finally said.
until lunchtime. He was about to climb the stairs to his room again after lunch when his father called him.
“Certainly not.”
The restaurant was long and narrow and dim, the candles on the tables casting intimate pools of light. His eyes still adjusting to the low light, John followed the hostess blindly as she led him to a table.
John switched on the torch, lighting their way in the encroaching dark. As they walked side-by-side, John felt invigorated, his senses heightened. They had just bested the police at solving a mystery.
“So,” John begins, picking up his wine glass and toying with it, “will you be looking for a tenant for Mrs. Hudson’s flat?”
Sherlock stared down at the empty entryway where John had been standing moments before. His fingers were gripped tightly around the bannister, his knuckles white. He debated rushing after John but decided against it, instead returning to the sitting room to pace.
Sherlock shook his head, taking the blame. “My attempts were clumsy.”
John's fingers slide down to cup Sherlock's cheek. “Forgive me,” he whispers hoarsely.
“Intriguing methodology,” Mycroft commented.
John felt lightheaded, unable to do anything but stare. It really was him.
Sherlock's eyes widened. This truly was a surprise, being released from his confinement.
“My hands aren't… They're still shaky,” Sherlock finally confesses.
Sherlock examined his fingernails. “A woman in a green gown.”
“Practically married,” John laughed, then winced at his choice of words.
Sherlock flopped into his chair with a groan. “Christmas. The annual family gathering. A week away from London. It's hell.”
I paused again, suddenly feeling a rush of fondness toward Sherlock. Under all that gruff arrogance was a very human heart. “I just want you both to be happy. You deserve it.”
“Shit, it's Liv. I forgot to call tonight.”
It's been months since the realization dawned on him how much he needs John in his life, how much he craves his company, how the slightest touch reverberates through his skin, how he wants to press his body against John's, breathe him in, unravel every question about him… It aches, having John so near and so distant.
I took a step forward, then hesitated, belatedly realizing I was interrupting something private. The movement was enough to catch their eyes and they both looked over at me. Dad withdrew his hand and straightened up in his chair.
They fall into silence and the water rumbles. They've talked everything to exhaustion the past week. Everything easy, that is. There are things John hasn't said, difficult conversations they haven't broached. But John isn't ready, not yet.
“Don't.”
Another long pause. “I'm not picking up after you or doing your dishes.”
He sometimes wished he didn't have a body, that he could just exist as formless intellect, no eating or sleeping to bother with, no aches or pains… no desires. At other times, he wished he could embrace those urges, abandon himself to pleasure, giving into lust utterly and heedlessly.
This won't have the same effect once it's all posted, obviously, so consider yourself engaged in performance art. Yeah, that's it. :)
(See the end of the chapter for
Dad had taken his time weighing the implications of moving to Sussex, but he finally agreed to it. I think it was difficult for him to take the leap after all those years, but he quit his job at the hospital and sold our house once I was in school.
Sherlock felt his pulse quicken. He had seen men’s bodies before, of course; life at boarding school and university made it unavoidable. But those were quick glances while dressing or in the shower room; anything longer would earn you an unsavory label, or worse.
He still never talked about my mother. She was, as far as I could tell, salted earth in his mind. Obliterated. I never wanted to get on his bad side.
Sherlock's shoulders tensed, and he finally turned around to look at him. “How’s your wife?”
Sherlock stepped closer, very close, in fact, searching John's eyes.
He put the letter back into his satchel and picked up the newspaper that a previous customer had left behind on a nearby table. He scanned the headlines for the crime reports, trying to distract himself.
“Then why are you so mean to each other?”
John smooths his hand over the back of the plump reading chair in front of the fireplace. “It could do quite nicely.” He glances up at Sherlock. “And where’s your bedroom?”
He finally let out a ragged sigh. “I suppose we should have told you. But it’s never been that easy.”
Christmas had consisted of meeting Mycroft for an impeccable but soulless dinner at his club a few days before the actual holiday. They kept the conversation polite, the discussion centered on his current graduate-level studies.
“Did l? Oh yes, ripped the knees out on that kidnapping case... pity.” Sherlock plucked a roll from the basket. “What will you do this morning?”
John gives him a small smile, and suddenly a wave of deja vu sweeps over Sherlock. He remembers that crooked smile -- over a teacup, across the officer’s club, next to him in bed. He flattens his hand against John’s chest, unbalanced, pulled into the past. John steadies him, waiting patiently.
Sherlock wrinkled his nose, clearly trying to recall the significance of the solstice.
“Hey,” she called out after him. “John and I are going to the lake on Saturday afternoon. Do you want to come along?”
“Dad!” Olivia bounds over to John, pulls at his arm. “Come look. Isn't it pretty?”
Sherlock’s soft expression crosses into annoyed embarrassment, as if he’s revealed too much. He snatches the phone from John’s hand. “Give me that. Your turn.” He scrolls to the next question, his mouth curving up with a touch of evil. His eyes lock with John’s. “What is your middle name?”
I hit a nice round Tumblr milestone, so as a thank you to all my followers, I wrote a little something. A gif of Benedict stretching in a very snug t-shirt sort of inspired this ficlet.
He pulled off the gloves in agitation, his forearms prickly with sweat.
His mind a million miles away, his foot slipped on something soft on the top step. Cursing, he grabbed at the handrail to steady himself. He stooped down and snatched up a pair of black leather gloves -- Sherlock's. They must have dropped out of his coat pocket as he galloped down the stairs like a madman.
They try each room, one of the last doors at the end of the hall finally opening. They stand shoulder to shoulder in the doorway, carefully surveying the room.
He wasn't talking anymore. He reached up to the knot of Sherlock's tie and adjusted it slightly, then ran his hand lingeringly down the length of silky fabric, his open palm coming to a stop on Sherlock's chest.
“Say my name,” Sherlock whispers.
“Now,” she said taking a seat in the chair opposite and adjusting the hem of her dress. “Let’s talk about rent.”
“Do you want to?” I whispered.
John looked down at his greasy hands. “I'm not that keen on dancing.”
John pressed his leg against Sherlock’s, his hand sliding over the top of his knee. “Then I know what I want to have.”
Sherlock stumbled to the bathroom. When he emerged, John shoved a travel mug of coffee into his hands.
The night was warm, a weak breeze occasionally stirring the curtains in John’s bedroom. He turned from one side to the other, plumping his pillow, unable to sleep. He watched the curtains briefly billow then sag, the night air seeming to sigh in drowsy contentment.
His shoulders ached and he glanced toward the shore to judge how far they’d gone out. He could just make out the red blanket and Sherlock's long frame lying across it. It was best to keep his distance, he decided. That would be the smartest course.
Mrs. Holmes inclined her head slightly.
He leafed it open, reading a few passages. One line caught his eye, and his imagination.
At the same moment he sent it, his phone pinged, a new message sliding into view.
Sherlock stared at John from his distant corner of the table, not sure which way he felt about him. Did he want to sleep with John, or simply
Sherlock fussed with his coat collar, preparing to go back out into the chilly weather. “Excellent.” He nodded curtly and let himself out the door, wondering if he was mad for suggesting this entire scheme.
“Yes.” Sherlock leans forward and picks up the rose petal, turning it in his fingers.
Swallowing a sarcastic retort about his own odd name, Sherlock forced a smile. “Perhaps I'll telephone him now. See if he's available.”
Sherlock took a step closer, no longer laughing. His expression changed again, suddenly unsure. “If you were jealous… I'd be flattered.”
John turns his head slightly, just as Sherlock turns his. Their eyes meet, and John’s gaze falls to Sherlock’s mouth. He lowers his lashes and slowly leans down, their lips nearly touching. John hesitates, a wisp of uncertainty holding him back, until he feels fingertips sliding into his hair behind his ear, pulling him down into a tentative kiss.
“No.”
He envied them a little, feeling a bit nostalgic for his own youth. Those days were long gone, his hair now mostly silver, his right knee achey, his glasses a necessity for small print. But his heart was still young — and foolish enough to be completely smitten.
John caught Sherlock’s eye across the table and they looked at each other for a long moment as if reading each other’s minds. A shrill laugh broke the connection, then someone suggested dancing at the disco across the square. A group immediately rose and left the table, leaving a few stragglers behind.
Sherlock gazed back at John, unable to repress an answering smile at his own foolishness. John reached up, brushing away a damp ringlet from his forehead.
“Ready?” John asked.
His eyes are helplessly drawn to John’s face, smiling and handsome and relaxed, beard sprinkled with grey, head tilted, Rosie tugging on his hand. “Please?” John mouths to Sherlock, tipping his head toward Rosie.
The man’s expression doesn’t change, but he extends a hand, laying it on Sherlock’s leg.
“I bet it is.”
Something in John's words and expression made Sherlock's heart drop. There was a sadness playing across John's face, as if he were looking at something fondly from long ago, their summer already a distant memory.
“Nope. No passing.”
“I'd like you to help with some correspondence this morning. I need to send out a few replies.”
“Ah, so that's where they are.”
Mycroft shrugged, unperturbed. “Now that you mention it, how is the latest job coming along?”
“Faster,” Sherlock soon commanded. “Give it some more.”
“Is there anything else?” Mycroft asks impatiently.
I grinned into my cup. I loved seeing them together, the little barbs, the bickering, the subtle touches communicating the affection running under it all.
It was too much to catalogue, breath mingling, noses touching, eager lips and tips of tongues, a simmering of floral and spice, smooth cheek and rasp of stubbled jaw, hands stroking and sensing.
“Yes, I did. It's like Christmas to him. I thought he'd pee his pants with excitement,” she said dryly, her thumbs busy on the keyboard.
“The other night…” Sherlock started, then trailed off, working up the courage to say more. “I wanted to.”
“We won't be needing a second bedroom,” John murmured, pulling Sherlock close again. He kissed him, not urgently, but tenderly, deeply, promising to be there when he woke up every day, his partner, his lover, his perfectly imperfect soulmate found in a war-torn city. “One bed will do.”
“Unusual, aren’t they?” Molly remarks, hovering nearby.
It takes John a moment to process the sudden change in topic. “Sure, yeah.”
John looks up at him, vulnerability and desire flickering across his face. “I think I should.”
They both finish their tasks, finding themselves standing in the dim light with nothing more to do.
It was a late Sunday afternoon and cold winter rain lashed at the windows. John had the day off and hadn't seen Sherlock since that morning when he'd left the flat.
Two plates littered with crumbs of chocolate cake are set haphazardly on the side table next to John’s chair. A fire is burning low in the grate and Sherlock has opened the evening’s second bottle of wine, now almost gone. Both he and John are a bit drunk, in stocking feet, sunk into their chairs pulled close to the fire, knees poking out at odd angles.
“Late last night.”
John nods. “Sorry.” He notices Olivia has flopped onto the couch, her back to the kitchen, her nose buried in a book.
The lighter snapped open and shut. “Clever, charming… An expert shot… a complex set of contradictions, and ultimately an adversary.”
But no, he promised he wouldn't. He promised Mycroft. He swore to John he wouldn't.
John caught the sly smile Sherlock threw his way and had to cover his mouth, pretending to look chastised.
John stared at him, annoyed, humiliated, and although he hated to admit it, impressed.
“I’ve wanted to put my finger in that hole for days,” John slurred against Sherlock’s lips.
“If the weather’s good, about that, yeah.”
“For God’s sake, John, don't be daft.”
I sneaked into the bathroom and did my business as quietly as possible, not even bothering to flush. It was too embarrassing to make that much noise so early in the morning.
A calm joy fills Sherlock, knowing that the universe has come full circle, a promise finally fulfilled. They’ve met again in London, and they’ll go to all his favorite places — obscure book stores and restaurants, forgotten tunnels and ancient catacombs, bridges and clock towers and graveyards. Above all, they’ll solve cases and come home together, drink tea and bicker and read by the fire, share the same bed and make love and laze away entire days tangled in each other’s arms.
As we lay together, I tried to imagine what sex would be like with someone I truly loved. Someone I’d cared about for decades, wrapping around them hungrily, then having to watch them leave.
John applies a local anesthetic to Sherlock’s skin and threads up a suturing needle. He pulls on a fresh pair of gloves before starting. Experience has taught him that chatting helps relax patients, so he tries to think of an innocuous topic. His eyes land on Sherlock’s lower back and a sprinkling of moles dotting his fair skin.
There was a long silence.
“Thanks!” Molly chirps after them.
“Much better than the mustache.”
“Er, about that.” Mike smoothed his striped tie, looking uncomfortable. “One of the regular professors is taking a sabbatical this year, so we’re a little shorthanded. We brought in another visiting faculty member to help cover the load.”
Sherlock ran a hand over his eyes. He couldn't sleep. As quietly as possible, he eased out of bed and stood near the open window, letting the faint breeze fan over his bare skin. He craved a cigarette but resisted, vaguely thinking he should cut back his smoking habit. He plucked up a blue dressing gown slung over a chair and slipped it on, tying it loosely at his waist.
Sherlock fingered the discs. “Superstitious
“Jesus! Don’t creep up on people like that,” John snapped, his shoulders tense. He raked his hands through his hair, trying to calm his nerves. “So you were at Mike’s party,” he said accusingly. “Did you fucking follow me here?”
Sherlock pressed a button and a tinted window rose behind the driver, secluding them in a cocoon of darkened glass and buttery leather. He turned to John, slipped off his sunglasses, draped an arm across the top of the seat. “Alone at last.”
“Look who’s here!” Mike’s voice boomed across the room and he beelined to their booth. “Just who I wanted to see.”
John worked him deeper and harder, chasing a raw desire to make Sherlock lose control. He could feel the strain building in Sherlock's body, muscles tightening, the quiver of his cock, and then it happened -- a groan, the jerk of hips, the rushes of warm come flooding his mouth. John stroked him through his climax, swallowing what he could, his fingers slick and gleaming.
“Thank you.”
The storm howls outside, and John strokes his hand up and down Sherlock’s back. Time slips by, and Sherlock dips in and out of consciousness, clawing to stay awake. “John,” he murmurs, fighting once more against the darkness. The blackness finally overtakes him and he sleeps, his fists slowly relaxing.
His thoughts drifted back through the years to his family, to school and university, to the summer with Sherlock, to Mary and the years in India. He had loved and lost, and loved and lost again, and he had been tested, tasting success and failure, learning about the darkest corners of his soul. He had, to his sudden surprise, accumulated a life.
“I'm not one to give advice, but I would caution you,” Mycroft said, his voice uncharacteristically gentle. “Don't get involved.”
Sherlock searches John’s face. His eyes are a paler shade of blue. “What’s happening?”
John checked his temperature with his palm and scrutinized his eyes and pallor. “Fever’s down, but you’d best stay in bed today.”
“The hiker’s family will be relieved to know what really happened,” John said as they began walking back to Sherlock’s car.
Sherlock remains motionless, his shoulders lifting slightly with his shallow breath. “I’m sure I will,” he says softly.
John felt the glow in his chest again, the flame stoked even stronger with Sherlock's unexpectedly tender and revealing words. Sherlock did not know how big his own heart was, or its immeasurable worth, which stirred another wave of protectiveness in John. He would guard Sherlock's life, aid his work, feed him, heal him, support and inspire him with whatever meager talents he possessed.
When he woke, something savory filled the air, the scent detectable even through his stuffy nose. He lifted his head just as John peeked through the crack of the door.
Happy holidays, dear readers, and may you all have a Happy New Year!  Thank you for your comments, kudos, and encouragement this year. I hope 2018 will be a year of positive change. Be kind, be brave, and make a difference where you can.
Sherlock unwinds the cotton towel. A few pieces of lint stick to his finger, but the bleeding has stopped. John reaches for the ointment.
“It was,” Sherlock agreed, relaxing against John’s chest, letting himself drift for several moments until he remembered their appointment at the tailor’s in a few hours.
John hisses to himself, stumbling away from Sherlock.
“Your – your hair,” Sherlock stammers from across the breakfast table. “It’s all…” Sherlock can’t find the right word so he makes a waving motion with his hand.
John slid a glance at Sherlock. “You seem so much older than them.”
They had lived together for more than a year, growing used to each other's habits, good and bad. The way John folded his shirts before putting them away. The way John muttered at the news on the telly. How he lined up his shoes by the door, marked his place with a proper bookmark, never folding down the corner of the page.
Lost in his thoughts, he almost didn't recognize the figure pushing a bicycle along the side of the road, little more than a silhouette against the evening sky. He slowed, then stopped, the gears whining as he reversed.
Sherlock’s posh voice reminded him.
“Just don't mention us, will you?” Sherlock begged. “My family would be simply appalled to find out I was anywhere near this business.”
In fact, he would make a warm breakfast for John. An omelet oozing with cheese, toast glistening with marmalade, coffee swirling with cream. He started cooking, whisking eggs and grating cheese, measuring out coffee, setting out butter, jam, and bread.
John's lips part, nearly forming a word but failing. Sherlock winds his fingers tighter into the jacket, effectively drawing John incrementally closer. Sherlock’s eyes lock onto John's, watching for a sign, a warning or a welcome.
“I said don't fucking laugh.”
Sherlock took a gamble. “What does your family think about your writing?”
“Lots.”
“I was just leaving,” Sherlock cut him off. “Loads of work to do. You two stay.” He slid from the booth and quickly donned his long black coat, throwing a few bills on the table. “Have a round on me.”
John takes a breath, his hand unsteady. “Have you ever been in love?” He dares to glance up, not sure what he will find.
“That’s what caused it -- the blow to the head,” John said, noticing how the edge of the boomerang neatly fit the pattern of the injury.
A hand on his arm startled him out of his thoughts.
“And you've glimpsed things.”
“So,” John began, digging into his food. “Anything interesting in your inbox?”
I passed him the plastic piece of coiled rope. “That’s not true.”
“And how’s the new book coming?” I asked while strolling around the kitchen, looking out the windows at the views.
Fingers in beards, soft and bristly, firm shoulders, bumps of spine, hands mapping the slope above a perfectly rounded arse.
John finishes the first stroke and pauses. “Okay?”
“Still editing.”
“So… I can sleep on the floor,” he offers, rubbing the back of his neck uncertainly.
“I didn't say that,” Sherlock corrects him quietly.
The only upside is John sleeping curled next to him. John must have finally fallen asleep after watching him like a hawk most of the night, worried about a possible concussion.
“In fact,” Sherlock continued, warming to his subject, “the receptor of interest, a protein called TRPM8 -- which stands for transient receptor potential cation channel, subfamily M, member 8 -- is an ion channel which, when open, allows sodium ions and calcium ions to enter --”
“Take this,” Mr. Holmes grabbed a straw boater hat from a hook as they passed through the entryway and shoved it into Sherlock's hands, “and we'll find you a veil and some gloves out in the garden shed.”
I stepped back, my eyes teary, my drunken heart brimming over for their happiness. Despite years of pain and obstacles, they were finally home, together, content, still very much in love.
John glared at Sherlock, who returned his gaze with a small smirk.
He took a bright red berry, wishing he could undo the last few minutes.
After lunch, Sherlock retired to his room and read a little, falling asleep after just a few pages. He woke an hour later to find the book still open on his chest, surprised that he'd drifted off. He clearly wasn’t used to all this fresh country air and sunshine, he mused.
The crinkle in Sherlock’s nose slowly unfurled as he absorbed the two words printed on the paper. His heart skipped a beat, his fingers quaking.
He knew exactly who had it. He smiled to himself, thinking how incorrigible Sherlock was. He held the phone to his ear one moment more, not wanting to end the call, but knowing precious seconds were ticking by. He said his name one last time. “Sherlock… I’ll see you in New York.”
Sherlock looked up, his fork stopping halfway to his mouth. He slowly lowered it. “I’m sorry.”
He stiffly put a hand on the bannister and climbed the stairs slowly, careful not to place weight where the steps creaked. He tried to formulate the words in his head, preparing his speech for when he saw Sherlock.
“Well,” John says for lack of anything clever to say. “Here they are.”
It feels deliciously good, the warm, wet friction sliding over his shaft. John's hand embellishes the movements with a steadily increasing rhythm, his mouth wrapped hungrily around Sherlock’s heavy cock.
“Look,” Sherlock says, showing John the glorious prize.
“Well, shit,” John managed to say, breaking the awkward tension, his palms relaxing against Sherlock's shoulders, not sure if he should let go. He couldn't quite stop looking at the pinked skin around Sherlock's mouth, burned from his own rough stubble.
“Yes, but it's excellent for crime.” Sherlock put a hand on the door when he heard Molly's voice pipe up.
There is a swift blur of motion, and John suddenly finds himself staring up at the night sky, the breath knocked from his lungs.
John leans on one elbow, smirking. “Maybe.”
Sherlock ends the call and stares at the ceiling. He doesn’t want to get up, but if he stays motionless, he’ll go mad thinking about John. Best to move. Get dressed, tell Hannah to get ready, pack up, drive away.
John jumped, sloshing tea over the rim of his cup, startled by the deep voice that reverberated in the air behind him. He hadn't heard anyone on the stairs or at the door downstairs. His nerves still raw from his last months in the army, he looked at Mrs. Hudson in alarm, but she was smiling. John struggled to turn around in the high-backed chair to face whoever had spoken.
No one is there.
Intrigued, John flicked one more glance back, a row of hedges obscuring everything but the numerous chimneys punctuating the roofline of the manor.
He sipped at his drink and exchanged pleasantries, trying to have a good time. He eventually lingered by the buffet, deciding which dessert to sample.
He pushed the scene away again, refocused on his breath. In… Out… In… Out...
“I suppose so.” John starts to warm to the subject, pleased by Sherlock’s interest and good humor. “They're usually depicted as suave and, uh, quite good looking.”
He slipped the slim novel into his pocket, then went to the pub to wait, a heady anticipation lighting in his chest.
Sherlock hesitated, then jogged a few steps, catching John by the shoulder. “Let me give you a ride.”
John ignored Mike and kept glaring at Sherlock. “Still pestering Scotland Yard with your outlandish theories?”
“God, yes,” John breathed back. “I need you. All of you. Inside of you.”
“Ah, Sherlock.” Mike’s round face always made him seem cheerful. He waved a jaunty hand at Molly. “Dr. Hooper.” He turned back to Sherlock. “Say, I was wondering. You don't happen to know of anyone looking for a flatmate, do you? Asking for a friend who needs a place.”
Sherlock stares at her over John's shoulder, transfixed, everything logical within him thrown into turmoil. She can't be real, and yet there she is, smirking like the cat who got the cream.
“Good.”
Sherlock’s mouth crooks, his hand curling against John’s chest as he settles into sleep. They doze, warm, sated for the moment, basking in their abundance.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Here we are. The Lilac Room,” Sherlock announces, coming to a stop in front of the last door at the end of the hallway. He glances at John, amused. “I’m sure it will be delightfully floral.”
He stole a glance at John: his eyes were sharp, focused on the road ahead, his hands firmly gripping the steering wheel, but his mouth was curved up in satisfaction. Sherlock could easily imagine him as a pilot flying into a firefight with that same expression. Or a surgeon taking charge of the operating room, lives dependent on his steady hands and skill.
They entered the warm glasshouse, condensation clinging halfway up the window panes. The fragrance of exotic blooms wound around them, the flowers’ bright colors muted in the dim light.
“Neither is drinking.” Sherlock looked pointedly at John's glass, then peered at his chest. “Your flask is in your inner pocket. Almost empty.”
The thought of John’s touch made him groan, his head tilting back, exposing more of his neck. John kissed him under his jaw, down his throat, hovering over the love bite from the first night. His fingers teased at the pearly button.
“I recall you didn't know much about certain subjects, either.”
Friendship. That's what their relationship would have to become to survive the years ahead. He would have to recalibrate his expectations, temper his emotions, and accept the inevitable. John was moving on --
John’s hair is lit like an angel’s wings. A swoop of silver wantonness.
“You’ve heard of Bach, right?”
No. John’s eyes snapped open and he rubbed his skin harshly with the bar of soap, a reprimand for imagining things he knew were impossible. God, how he sometimes wished he could lock away his desires, tamp down the crude urges of his body.
People were flooding into the streets, the atmosphere of fear and agitation brewing. John really had to leave now. “Sherlock --”
John turns an angry eye on him again. “Why? Is there someone you'd be happier with?”
“Why”
The corner of John's mouth lifted in recognition, and he spread his palms possessively over the firm pectorals, the dark pink nipples rising under the pads of his index fingers.
John breathed in Sherlock’s scent, the warmth of sleep and bed and skin and coffee, and turned him by the hips, his finger untangling from the shirt, the fabric now rucked up at an odd angle, partially exposing Sherlock’s torso as John pressed into him again, this time to find his mouth, kissing him hungrily.
********************
They moved to a set of chairs in a corner, their conversation animated. She was asking him about Oxford when he glanced up, sensing that they were being watched. There, across the room, he caught a glimpse of dark hair and slim shoulders melting into the crowd. John stared, certain it had been Sherlock. Or maybe his imagination was just playing tricks on him. He ignored it, determined to focus on Sarah.
“About 30,000 feet above you. That's all I can say.”
“I don't expect anything. But you… Maybe you ought to have more. With someone you don't have to hide.”
“I guess my question is, like, when did you figure out you were totally wrong?”
They left the pub, vibrating with anticipation. Maybe it was a mistake to do this, to resurrect a dormant passion, to follow John to his room, to reach for each other once the door clicked shut.
Sherlock’s lips barely brushed behind John’s ear as he pressed into his back, slowly melting John’s body like soft wax as they bent over the desk. The snap of the lube cap, Sherlock tracing the cleft between John's buttocks, inserting one finger, two, working until he was pliant…
Sherlock fixed John with a droll gaze. “Really, John. Do I own anything ‘casual’?”
“Or Red Velvet. Can't decide.”
Dimmock looked uneasy. “Do you think that Molly’s sweet on him? They've known each other a long time.”
Nooooooooo! I imagine many of you might be screaming that internally right now. (Sorry not sorry.) We are deep in the Swamp of Angst, but never fear! There is more of the story to come.
“I made it out of Afghanistan alive, so I figure they're good luck,” John explained. “And now if I get killed on the job… Well, at least they'll know who I was.”
The tea was only half finished, abandoned and left to grow cold, clothes in a heap on the bedroom floor, bare feet tangled in the sheets.
Mike hesitated, his cheeks turning a deeper shade of pink. “I believe you’ve met.”
Sherlock’s eyes flicked up to John’s, surprised and a little alarmed. He didn’t pull away. “Oh.”
Sherlock exchanged a surprised glance with John.
John smiled softly, running his thumb gently over Sherlock's bottom lip, falling into his eyes. “Then I'm very lucky.”
“Oh, I agree.” Mycroft smoothed his silk tie. “But I believe even you can struggle by with fewer clothes.”
***********************
Sherlock suddenly can’t wait to get home. He rushes to put everything away and lifts his coat from the hook, slipping his arms into the sleeves, the tails swirling as he sweeps out the door.
Dimmock enters the room and nods at them both. “Afternoon. Thought I’d check in to see if you’ve noticed anything else unusual.”
To John's immense relief, the number she named fell into the range of what he could afford. “That would be acceptable,” he managed to say, amazed to find himself quite possibly committing to a flatshare with a roommate he'd never met.
A thrilling quiver of fear ran up John’s spine. This was crazy. He toyed with his glass, too keyed-up to drink, trying to act inconspicuous as he pretended to read a page. The words were a blur, his nerves alive with anticipation.
The mid-morning sun is hot on the back of his neck as he draws out his hand. He lifts the tomato to inspect it, John rounding the corner of the garden to join him.
Sherlock swiftly pressed John against the wall, his pelvis pinning him in place, his mouth roving hungrily, his palm smearing the mirrored wall above John's head where he braced his hand.
He glared as he approached, jabbing one warning finger at me before entering the headmaster’s office. “I had to leave work early. You and I,” he said evenly, “are going to have a talk.”
“I’m not interested in all that romantic drivel. I have my work, and that’s all I need.”
“Let's just say I angered the British government. I was sent away until I earned my way back into its good graces.” Sherlock glanced up again, his expression suddenly dark. “I'm not a good man, John. I'm not selfless like you.”
John read the card. “Consulting detective…”
Neither of us enjoys it, but the publicity is good for business. And when business is good, Sherlock is happy. And when Sherlock is happy… it’s brilliant. His mind snaps and sparks with energy, his hands fly with dramatic gestures, his body hums with excitement. I’d follow him anywhere, do anything, just to be in his orbit.
Sherlock struggles to wake when he hears quick, heavy footsteps and the bedroom door fly open.
“We could move to the sofa. It’s large, comfortable… If you want.”
I sat through the headmaster’s stern lecture about my unacceptable behavior, glowering at the front of his heavy oak desk all the while. I knew what they thought of me. Just another troubled girl, angry, out of control, raised by a single parent.
They stand naked, kissing, caressing in the dim light, the sound of their ragged breathing echoing against the tiles.
Sherlock nods innocently, knowing full well what she really may have heard. Part of him wants to tell her about John, to let her in on his extraordinary secret, but caution wins out.
“I remember thinking I had to stay awake to take care of that boy. But I couldn't do it. I blacked out.” John shook his head slowly. “When I came to, I was back at the post, bandaged up. We lost three men.”
Anthea smiled back faintly and glanced down at her phone.
“Are we?” Sherlock breathes, straddling John’s hips, a playfully dangerous glint in his eyes.
Sherlock frowns. “Never heard of him.”
I had my ass grabbed countless times and got robbed twice and food poisoning four times, but I never had to punch, suture, or shoot anyone. By the time I returned home the following summer, I was sunburned, wiry, and ready to go back to school.
“Dad,” I started, then stopped. He glanced up at me again, waiting.
John, thankfully, spoke. “No worries. I should be getting back to work anyway.”
“What’s going on?” John asked. “Why all the mystery?”
Gradually, they fell into a routine. In the mornings, John assisted Sherlock’s parents while Sherlock went to the beach or on solitary bike rides. In the afternoons, they both worked by the pool, John chewing on a pen as he edited his pages, Sherlock scribbling on a composition.
“What?” Sherlock asks. “You're dying to say something, so out with it. “
“Or hate.”
I imagined he said.
“Don’t do it.” Sherlock extends his arm, his palm lifted half in a warning, half in a bargaining plea. “John, think about what you’re doing.”
Finally, they did it! I always wanted to write ghost sex, and now I can cross that off the list with great satisfaction. In fact, there just might be more coming in the next update...
Round two was even more intense. Another vivid image flashed into his mind: Sherlock on all fours on the bed, fingers clutching into the sheets, John grasping Sherlock’s hips from behind, thrusting rhythmically, dog tags jingling as they bounced against his chest, springs squeaking, skin softly slapping, low breathy moans…
“Occasionally, if you were gone for days on end without a word. When you looked… rough.”
Sherlock avoided the awkwardness by looking pointedly at the hostess. “Please tell our waiter we’ll start with a bottle of the 2001 Saint-Emilion.”
They both know the shadows that cross the other’s face. The tight mouth, the tense jaw, the gaze turned inward on a moment from years ago and thousands of miles away, a handful of seconds replayed over and over, time ground into a groove so deep it’s almost impossible to escape. Afghanistan. Serbia. Dark memories.
John’s eyes stab Sherlock with a mix of hurt and anger, but he turns on his heel and bangs cups and kettle in the kitchen.
Simple means accepting what they have and living in the moment, setting aside everything else when they are together. When it is time to part, they go their separate ways. They cannot ask the other to change, to quit, to give up anything.
“I'm not superstitious,” John clarifies, “but I've seen monitors register impossible vital signs after certified death. I swear I heard a child singing in a morgue once.
“I love this place,” John murmurs contentedly.
He pursed his lips. “Counterfeiters, gunshot, minor leg wound, police don’t need to know. Earl Grey?” He walked up the steps, leaving me to stare at his back.
John buries his face in Sherlock’s shoulder, rutting, grunting, gasping as his orgasm ripples through him, white hot, shuddering. He collapses, breathing heavily, barely aware of Sherlock’s hands running up and down his back, easing him back to earth.
The tread of heavy footsteps in the hallway and jauntily whistled tune made them both freeze in place. They waited, tense, until the bathroom door across the hall swung open on its creaky hinges and closed with a firm bang.
He slid the mirror to the side to banish his reflection, exposing the contents of the cabinet. His eyes flicked over razor and tubes and bottles, landing on a slender glass vial. He picked it up, read the label. Lavender essential oil.
After another minute he squeezed in the juice of half a lemon, poured a slug of white wine into the pan directly from the bottle. He stirred some more.
I felt like I was eavesdropping, so I scampered back upstairs, diving under the covers again. I thought about the two of them living here all those years ago, wondering how often Dad had to watch over Sherlock, treat his injuries, pull him out of harm's way.
They look at each other.
Sherlock wished he could touch John’s hand, slipping their palms together to find a reassuring squeeze. Instead, they walked on side-by-side with a respectable distance between them.
They had known each other a long time, Dad and Sherlock. They'd worked together, lived together, and still saw each other regularly.
And for a few seconds, it is too much, John thinks, too much to bear parting again in 24 hours. Too much to pretend they’re something else other than this: raw and naked and fucking, panting into collar bones.
Sherlock shot a glare at John.
John takes another swallow, the fumes burning his throat. But there is something else he can taste, something cloying and floral filling his nose and overpowering the liquor on his tongue. Roses.
Sherlock smiled condescendingly. “Still writing your little crime blog?”
John’s face burns the moment the words leave his mouth, and he quickly pretends to straighten some autopsy instruments left on the worktop.
John watched, mesmerized as Sherlock’s luscious mouth and pink tongue resumed their explorations of his cock. His fingers bunched into the canvas as he fought to control his response, but it was a losing battle. Sherlock was a natural at this, agile fingers and velvety mouth finding all the sensitive spots at the right pace.
John leaned casually against the door, his hair damp, the top buttons of his shirt undone. Recently out of the shower, Sherlock surmised, the fresh scent of soap contrasting with the haze of beekeeping smoke that clung to his own hair and clothes.
He often imagined seeing John just one more time, plotting ways they could meet somewhere when John had leave, finding some way to slip away together. But it would be unwise, too risky. Nor did he think he could bear the pain of saying goodbye again. It was best not to chase after such ideas.
“Okay!” Mike jumped to his feet. “We’re definitely out of time. Let’s thank our guests for sharing their insights with us today!”
They both sit up, catching the trails of a giant sparkling bloom filling the horizon. They watch silently, shimmering stars, streaks, and blossoms hissing and shrieking and sizzling in hot reds, electric blues, sulfurous greens, incandescent whites.
My dad wasn't exactly an open book, though. He had been in the Army, but he didn't talk much about it. I once found a walking cane deep in the back of a closet and was playing with it when he passed by my room.
John drank in every detail of Sherlock’s face, every grimace and groan and sigh, welcoming the bite of Sherlock's fingernails in his back, savoring the taste of Sherlock's lips as he stretched over him, trapping him beneath his arms.
He escaped to his room and hastily threw on a dressing gown before anything could happen to delay them further. They would never leave the hotel if they didn’t get moving.
John breathed out in relief. “Good. I’m glad.”
“Karl has excellent technique.”
On a side street just before 11:30 at night, Sherlock can stand it no longer. He ducks into the doorway of a closed-up shop and takes his phone from his pocket.
A postcard
“This is a rare social visit,” Mycroft says lightly, crossing his legs. “We should take advantage of it, don't you think?”
John paused, his fork hovering in midair. He hadn't thought about it all morning. Then it struck him. “My cane --” He glanced around hastily, trying to remember when he’d last seen it.
Sherlock smiled back, enjoying the pressure of John's hand on his waist, the new ease of their synchronized movements, the tease of their bodies held close but not quite touching. They gazed into each other's eyes, the room around them fading as they slowly turned round and round.
Sherlock opened the envelope, smoothing out the sheet of paper, recognizing the sloping handwriting. John described training a new cohort of recruits
Sherlock nodded a goodbye, remembering that he had to follow through on his story about the red ink.
John agrees, still distracted. Sherlock tosses a few bills onto the table and they leave, taking yet another cab back to Baker Street. The streets are quiet, a light drizzle falling. Once they arrive, John trots up the steps close behind Sherlock, following him into the sitting room.
Sherlock didn't move, and John feared that he'd made a mistake in speaking. But then Sherlock's lips were on his forehead, fumbling, gentle, his voice husky.
They wanted to keep their relationship private, for whatever reason. So I folded up my mental list like a secret letter and tried my best to bury it. They were adults and could do what they wanted. I was tired of trying to figure it all out. Besides, I was now 15 and had my own increasingly complicated teenaged life to worry about.
His illogical heart takes over, wanting to memorize every lash and line of John’s face, the shape of his hands, the breadth of his shoulders, the sound of his voice.
John repeated and spelled the name, and the young man shook his head as he scrolled through a list. “No one is registered by that name.”
“Sherlock…” John wanted to say so much, and there wasn't time. “I have to go. Something big is happening here.”
John moved carefully, feeling the moment when Sherlock relaxed around him, allowing him to thrust shallowly a few times. He dipped forward to cover Sherlock’s mouth with his own, hungry for his breath and lashes and rough stubble.
I woke up early, needing to pee. I laid in bed, listening carefully to see if anyone else was up yet.
Sherlock is about to counter with a long treatise on logic and reason, but the ashen look on John's face stops him. He will -- only for John -- bite his tongue. With effort, he asks the next question. “What do you mean?”
The sun was low on the horizon as they tramped through the grassy meadow. They had exchanged few words during the drive into the countryside, Sherlock seeming preoccupied with whatever strange details filled his brain.
“Well… Good night, then,” John finally said, seeming reluctant to end the call.
When I crept into my house late the next morning, I mumbled a hello to Dad and locked myself away in my room.
John hooked a finger over the pants, bending down again to kiss the tip of cock that peeked out. Overcome with Sherlock's scent, John mouthed the hard shaft through the fabric, feeling the firmness swell and shift under the wet heat. John slatted his tongue under Sherlock’s balls and pressed up, making Sherlock gasp and swear.
“I like the mornings when you make coffee,” Sherlock finally said. “It means you were up late, watching some terrible spy movie or working on your blog, typing that ridiculous way you do with two fingers… I like to wake up to that warm, toasty scent drifting into my room. It’s cozy.”
John shifted his gaze to the water. “I think I'm going to regret this,” he muttered.
John tips Sherlock onto his back then disappears under the covers, trailing his lips down Sherlock’s chest, burrowing lower, his body a curved lump between the tent of Sherlock’s thighs.
He switched on the lamp and fairy lights and started the fire, instantly bathing the room in warmth and easing his mood. He scrolled through his phone, finding a station that played classic Christmas songs: Frank Sinatra, Nat King Cole, Ella Fitzgerald, Bing Crosby.
“That's very kind, but you could take the photographs, couldn't you?” Sherlock asked, turning on his charm.
John helped pull them off, simultaneously wriggling out of his drawers and sliding Sherlock's shirt off his shoulders, craving the contact of his skin.
“Professionally? About 10 years. I was a medic in the Army before that.”
Sherlock hesitated, and John was about to propose something else when Sherlock agreed. “Let’s go.”
“I can’t believe we finally did it.” John says softly, interlacing his fingers with Sherlock’s. “You’ve officially been my husband for two whole weeks.”
Their eyes locked in the mirror, and for a moment time was suspended. They stood together, their tanned faces contrasting against their light linen suits, their postures relaxed, their bodies glowing with the radiance of youth.
“Funny that you should both end up here at the same time.”
Sherlock pauses, drawn to the last photograph. The man, perhaps 29 or 30 years old, gazes toward the camera, his hair cropped close on the sides. His chin and jaw are square, his lips thin. But his eyes — they are older than his face, guarded. He sits on wooden bench, his posture perfect. He wears a khaki tunic with breast pockets and brass buttons, a medical cross insignia sewn on the shoulder. Although his legs aren’t visible, Sherlock imagines puttees winding from his ankles to his knees above hobnail boots.
He has to resist the urge to rut against John or it will be over much too soon. Sherlock lifts his mouth away from John's to refocus and finds himself falling into deep blue eyes.
“Not too old?” John bit his lip, his cock growing harder.
“Shit.” John squeezed his eyes shut. He’d almost forgotten. God, he dreaded parties. And he dreaded seeing Sherlock even more.
decides to lay out all his cards. “She also suggested I tell you something else.”
John is dozing in his chair, his stockinged feet stretched out to the evening fire. A book lays open in his lap, his tea going cold. He starts awake at an odd noise – the footsteps on the stairs are halting and heavy, causing John to rattle his cup into the saucer with a flash of dread.
“Maybe.”
Sherlock leaned back against the sofa. "You never cook."
A third photo shows him with a group of men, no doubt his unit, an army ambulance behind them
“Nice joke, but I’d like to finish making supper. Give me back my knife.”
“Oh, Sherlock,” John whispered, suddenly understanding Sherlock's hard exterior, the armor he wore to conceal his vulnerabilities. He fervently pressed his lips to Sherlock's neck, pushing the dressing gown away, cupping the round shoulder, wanting to protect him and consume him, filing in every empty space.
They tread up the creaky steps and John sweeps into the sitting room, glancing around for his coat. Sherlock sees it first. He picks up the black jacket slung over the back of a chair. It's leather, weighty and supple. The rich scent reaches his nostrils as his fingers curl around the buttery collar. He holds it out to John.
“Make some room for your mother, you lazy thing.”
They smiled at each other and leaned against the bar, their gaze interrupted by the server asking what they’d like. John ordered a juice with carrot, apple, and ginger, and Sherlock reluctantly did the same.
Matthew was tall and smooth-chested, my hands running freely over his ass and the dip in his back as the water rained down on us. I had seen most of his body already; there was not much a Speedo could hide, after all. But I'd never touched anyone quite like this before.
But Sherlock had yet to be satisfied. John wriggled his hands under Sherlock's shirt, skimming his fingers up Sherlock's ribs, finding the tight buds of his nipples.
John smiles, not sure if Sherlock is humoring her or is actually confounded. John turns back to the sink to wash up the cups, nabbing the last biscuit remaining on a plate. They are Olivia's favorite, and Sherlock always has them on hand for her when they visit.
“I'm just tired.” He tried to brush off their concern, but wanted nothing more than to go back to bed. He sat down heavily in a kitchen chair.
Maybe I was a bad person. Maybe I wasn't. We all had secrets.
John kept his eyes lowered. “My mom understands. She gets it. My dad… he thought it was a waste of time. Funny, coming from a man who screwed up everything he touched. Failed businesses, failed marriage…”
John pulled him back into an embrace, kissing his lips softly. “I love you.”
*********
John took a deep breath. Okay. Clean slate. He could do this. Just make a simple overture, nothing too obvious, just test the waters. He casually picked up his phone and fiddled with it, then flicked it over to the camera, bringing Sherlock into focus.
“Did you want to go?”
It’s been that way since I first met him. I’m drawn to him. I want to be with him, even on his worst, stroppiest days.
Afterward, they browsed through a few shops, then walked for a long time, passing through different neighborhoods. They stopped later for a pint, then walked some more. Sherlock seemed to have all the streets memorized, which was good, because John had no idea where they were.
Sherlock’s cock glistened in his jerking fist, his chest heaving. He gasped, his face contorting exquisitely. John watched through a haze, drinking in every detail as he climaxed with a long groan, his dark hair tangled against the white pillows.
John ran his thumb along Sherlock’s cheek, his expression conflicted. “We should go back.”
John blinked in surprise. “A holiday? Really?”
Sherlock's not entirely sure that’s a good response. “Alright?” he asks tentatively.
“Ready.”
He gave me a look. “Don't even suggest it.”
Sherlock shifts closer, hanging on to John’s every word.
Was he —
Sherlock rolls his eyes again. “Nonsense.”
“It’s all I can think of. I really don’t need anything.”
“The dom-sub dynamic and, separately, what’s popularly known as the daddy kink.”
I looked at her quizzically. “What do you mean? He’s, like… old.”
Molly kept the conversation going, sharing morbidly ridiculous stories about her life at the funeral home.
Torpid. Oppressive. Boring.
him how very, very much he wants him in every possible way.
John now puttered in the kitchen, cleaning a few dishes, wiping them dry, putting them back in their proper places. A chicken was roasting in the oven, onions and carrots, lemon and thyme nestled inside. He would do the mashed potatoes and peas next.
John looks up with a smile as Sherlock enters, his bandaged leg stretched out on the bed. Sherlock hands him a mug and sits on the edge of the mattress.
Sherlock takes a sip of his tea, his body still buzzing from the rendezvous in the pantry. His mouth curves in a secret smile as he lowers his lips to the rim of his cup again.
A drowsy calm filled the room, Sherlock's head resting on his thighs a comforting weight. John's fingers slowed, making small, lazy circles through Sherlock's curls. His eyes felt heavy, his head leaned back against the cushion. Before he knew it, they had both dozed off, giving in to sleep.
“Really?” John asked. He was lying on his side, his head propped up on his hand.
This time John raises an eyebrow. “You’re the one always swanning around in that long coat with the collar turned up, flashing your cheekbones like —” he gestures, searching for the right image, “like some sort of sexy vampire.”
The nearest village was dull, and the sprinkle of summer tourists seeking fresh air and long hikes by the lakes were equally uninteresting. He’d read every book lining the shelves of his room. His parents did nothing but potter around the house and gardens, lost in their own absent-minded pursuits.
Hannah hisses. “Are you mad?”
Sherlock fixes Mycroft with a withering gaze. “You’d like that, wouldn’t you?”
“John.”
“Really?” John smiles but doesn’t scoff at the idea. “And people — they just… sit here and tell you about their problems instead of going to the police?”
Sherlock impatiently pushed the pants down, lifting his hips, shifting his legs to free himself from the unwanted constriction. Unfazed, John rolled aside, then resumed his position between Sherlock's knees.
Finally, they're happy again at last!
Sherlock lifted his eyes to John’s. “Yes.” He dropped his gaze to the photo again, his voice uncertain. “I barely recognize myself.”
John thought about it, twisting a blade of grass between his fingers. “I doubt it. Mum will go back home a few weeks after I leave. I’ll be training at Aldershot for six months, then I ship out.”
He disappeared to sit in his smoking spot by the glasshouse, distracting himself by watching a butterfly flit from flower to flower.
His arm throbs, along with his sore head. That's what he gets for being careless on a case, he thinks. Stupid. Impatient.
“I'll buy you breakfast later. Now hurry. There's a cab waiting.” Sherlock threw the coat in John's direction, then hunted up John's shoes, tossing them to him as well.
John perched on the edge of the tub with his tea, watching Sherlock finish the last strokes with his razor, chin tipped up, gorgeous neck extended. There was nowhere else he'd rather be, John thought, than right here, sharing this mundane moment with this extraordinary man.
Sherlock settles deeper into bed, trying to relax. There’s a reasonable explanation for everything, but he’s too tired to figure it out. His eyes grow heavy and he begins to drift off, his body warming under the covers.
In his room, he unbuttoned his shirt, then stood in front of the mirror, contemplative. He extended the fingers of his left hand, gazing at his wedding band. It was time to put it away.
“Er, no. Just got a bit… distracted.”
John willingly wraps himself around Sherlock, covers him, sinking his bones into the cradle of his hips, twining his arms under his shoulders, absorbing him. They breathe, locked together.
Sherlock considers several scenarios, none of them productive. “No.”
Alarm threaded through Sherlock's chest, a warning that John was pulling away. But why was he acting like this? They still had time, days and days of it.
Sherlock shifts the laptop to the table and sits up. “Go ahead.”
Down slid the black trousers and boxer briefs, revealing hard thighs, firm calves, a creamy white arse where the sun had not bronzed his skin, and, oh, quite a lovely cock, long and lean like the rest of him.
“Why?”
John frowned, looking miserable.
“It’s for a case,” Sherlock explains, feeling exposed.
With a final adjustment of his cuffs, he strode to the door and opened it with a flourish, unable to tamp down the urge to preen a little.
“I need a shower,” I said flatly. “And I want you to join me.”
He quickly showered and shaved, then headed to his room for a change of clothes. As he dressed, the quiet motions took him back to the early mornings in the army, buttoning up his uniform for the long hours ahead.
“Yes.”
“A what?”
“So, get your story filed by deadline?” John asked, resting his cheek in his hand, elbow propped on the bar.
“The answer is yes,” Sherlock said, barely audible.
The back of Sherlock’s neck prickles with the uncanny sensation that he’s seen the man somewhere before.
“We were invited to stay here.”
“But you're stuck here with me where nothing ever happens. I'm almost done with school,” I plunged on recklessly. “I could stay with Aunt Harry until I finish, and you could move back to the city and be closer to --” I nearly said his name, but caught myself, “ -- to everything.”
He went to his desk and unearthed a small black address book, then picked up the telephone, rushing through directives so he couldn't change his mind.
“I think,” Sherlock ventured, “that you should come back to London with me. With your medical knowledge and photography skills, you could be very useful.”
Later that night he penned a short reply to John, hampered by the need to be vague.
“You’re like a moody teenager. Budge over.” Hannah shoves his feet aside and settles onto the end of the sofa, opening a magazine.
The woman looked surprised, then brightened considerably. She tossed the towel to the side, then took several steps forward to shake Sherlock’s hand. “I’m Ivy Smith. My father usually has me do the photos of babies and children,” she said, turning to John, pumping his hand enthusiastically. “It’ll be nice having clients who can sit still for once. Now then, a portrait each?”
I didn't want to see the film anymore. I didn't want to face my dad or Sherlock. I texted Emma and cancelled our plans, then immediately texted Matthew, a guy I knew from school. He was on the boys’ swim team, and we were friends, maybe a little bit more. We'd messed around a few times, snogging at a party and in an equipment room by the pool.
No time to think about flatmates or burned letters or droning bees or lazy summer afternoons by the lake. No remembering long, slow kisses or wandering hands, tanned forearms and white legs, bodies pressed together, close and hot.
Then it happens; John says it, natural as breathing: “Because I love you.”
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock eventually said, his voice low. He looked up at John. “Forgive me.”
It was at that moment that Sherlock noticed John was barefoot, his ankles inexplicably enticing beneath the hem of his trousers. That sight, along with John's new information, made him forget why he stopped by.
Sherlock was aware of censors and the general lack of privacy in the army. Any hint of scandal discovered in a letter could end John's career. “I understand.”
“We’re just sharing an office,” Sherlock added.
John lifted his face to Sherlock's, their eyes meeting, cautiously amazed. John cupped Sherlock's cheek with his hand, drawing their mouths together.
“You’re going away, aren’t you?” Sherlock whispers, putting his fear into words.
“I certainly did not. I’ve been in here cooking.”
“Boring.”
“I saw something -- over there, it moved. And I heard it, her dress, and the roses -- then the bottle fell over --” he stops, realizing how unhinged he must sound.
His eyes fell to Sherlock's neck, the hollow of his throat, the curve of collarbone. Here was his addiction, the danger, the beauty, the spark that lit his otherwise mundane life. “I’m not leaving you.”
He lifted Sherlock's injured hand, kissing each knuckle lightly, catching a wisp of lavender fading from his skin. Wanting to hear Sherlock's voice, low and sleepy, he asked an unimportant question. “What’s the Latin name for lavender?”
Sherlock closed his eyes when John kissed him again, his hands automatically sliding up his back when John rolled onto one hip to better angle their mouths.
Sherlock stares at Mycroft, grasping at fragmented memories — a bright light, muffled voices — but unable to stitch together the series of events that led to this antiseptic-smelling room. The pain in his chest comes in stabs and he wishes for merciful sleep to pull him under again.
*************
“Lovely job,” his father said, nodding toward the flowers. “I think we’re done for the day, don’t you?”
“Laterz!” Sherlock tossed his bag over his shoulder with a flourish and swanned down the hallway.
John curves his hands around Sherlock’s plush arse, smooth and downy like a ripe peach. He sinks his fingers into the flesh of his buttocks, enjoying the act of possession while simultaneously giving himself over to Sherlock’s dominating position.
But there were no interesting cases at the moment, which made him restless. Sherlock glanced at his watch. John was still at work.
John smiles again, catching Sherlock’s eye. “It’s lovely. Perfect.”
“Do you hear it?” Sherlock asked.
In the upstairs hallway, Sherlock pauses by the door to one of the bedrooms. “I suppose any of these will do,” he says, his hand on the doorknob.
“Don’t you two start,” Dad muttered, rubbing his forehead.
Sherlock gives him a quizzical look.
He swung his legs over the side of the bed, the wood floor cold beneath his feet. Goosebumps prickled his bare skin and he hurriedly pulled on pyjama bottoms and wrapped himself in his tartan dressing gown, adding a snug pair of woolen socks.
In his mind palace he’ll build a special room — a desert tent — where he can visit his captain, his toy soldier, his rough golden lover.
He should go back to the flat and tell Sherlock that he was moving out. Maybe he should apologize. He didn't know what he should do.
“Tomorrow,” John breathed the word as a promise, his lips against the hollow of Sherlock's throat.
“I’ll tell her you said hello,” Sherlock replied. “But if you’ll excuse me, I promised Miss Hooper the first dance.”
Dark eyes look up, recognize. The man behind the counter straightens his back and smiles slightly. “It's been awhile.” He closes the book he was reading. “The usual?”
“I know,” he answered, secretly glad she was sitting next to him.
Sherlock nodded, circling to the other side of the room to pull back the curtains and look down at the street through the window.
“There's a film on at the cinema tonight you might like,” Sherlock offered casually.
They both nodded grimly, and Molly pulled back the sheet to expose the head and chest of the hiker. He was naked, the skin waxy, a blueish tinge to the lips, the head angled to the side. The eyelids, thankfully, had been closed.
“We’re not working together,” John hastened to clarify.
Sherlock almost smiles, feels his heart rate slowing. He will let Mycroft guide him through this. He knows he can't do it alone.
Not wasting another moment, Sherlock drove to John's house, the honey placed securely on the passenger seat. When he arrived, John was lugging a broken cane-backed chair outside, which he deposited near the garage when he caught sight of the blue Vauxhall.
Sherlock picked up his wine glass, his eyes fixed on John over the rim. “A ceasefire.”
His plea remains trapped in the little bubble on the screen, a huge question filling a small space.
Sherlock is spared from answering when a loud scraping noise causes them both to look up at the ceiling. It sounds like a heavy piece of furniture is being dragged across the wood floor.
Afterwards came the obligatory piano and violin duet. Sherlock kept his eyes on the sheet music or on Mycroft’s hands, knowing that if he were to look up and find John gazing at him, the entire room would know their secret. He could not hide his feelings if he played for John.
But Sherlock soon relaxed into the embrace, slotting himself against John's shoulder, John nuzzling his cheek against the top of Sherlock's head.
In the dark bedroom, John lay on his back, one arm crooked behind his head, the other wrapped around Sherlock where he nestled into his side.
John smiled wryly. “Must be nice, having everything come so easily.” He swiped a finger across the bonnet ornament.
Sherlock frowns, not really wanting to be interrupted. He stands up, moving over a few feet to mix a solution, and soon hears a soft knock on the door. As it swings open he glances up at the silhouetted figure of Molly’s new doctor friend, his features indistinguishable in the dim light.
“We've come full circle,” John said, glancing away, trying to smile but failing. His fingers gripped and ungripped the handlebars. “I hate saying goodbye.”
“No reason,” Olivia grins, biting her thumbnail.
“Well?” Mrs. Holmes prompted. “What do you think?”
The villa was rarely empty. Friends and neighbors dropped by for coffee or drinks or an afternoon swim in the deep blue pool. The table at lunch and dinner was always ringed with an international array of earnest students, some full of ego, others wracked with self-doubt. Intense conversations swirled around Character and Motivation and Subtext. Sherlock had grown immune to the dinner discourse years ago, fading into the background, absently peeling an orange and retreating into his own inner world.
Molly crossed her arms, clearly peeved. “She’d rather see me married off and changing nappies.”
He had calculated John’s reaction correctly. Somewhere in his mind, he wondered if he had judged his own motives as accurately.
“How long will you be visiting?” John inquired.
“Apart from the appalling lack of security, just peachy.”
John glanced at him. “Have you?”
Still, if it made John happy to exchange gifts, he would play along. Sherlock scribbled on the paper and folded it in half.
John swallows, noticing Sherlock's pale skin stretched tautly over his breastbone, the curved dip of his lower back, the pajama bottoms riding low on his hips. What if, somehow, his own suppressed emotions have fueled this entire situation, leading up to this moment?
“The landlady, Mrs. Turner. I rarely see her.”
And if John truly was suggesting something more, he wasn't ready. Despite his urges, he had never kissed anyone, had never touched anyone intimately…
Sherlock threw his head back in relief. “Oh, thank God.”
“Yes, a spy, in common terminology. He did file reports from Basra and Baghdad, so it’s possible that he and Watson crossed paths.”
Sherlock clenches his jaw, stares at the phone in his hand. John is being understandably cautious, protective. Still… His fingers fly over the keyboard before he can change his mind.
With sure fingers, John freed each button from the placket of Sherlock's fitted shirt, his efforts rewarded with the revelation of pale skin beneath black fabric. A metal disc on a chain -- his missing dog tag -- rested in the coarse hair of Sherlock's chest.
“Look closer.”
I don’t hear a reply, so I yell again. “We need to leave in five minutes or we’ll be late!”
Sherlock walked toward the light as if in a trance.
He hesitates, then decides. He gives the address then leans back against the seat, numbly watching the city slip by.
“No, but we all wish we could say what we’re really thinking out loud.” She grinned and picked up a cupcake. “Someone said the other professor is teaching here this year, too. Is that true?”
John took a final few frames, then set the camera aside. He handed Sherlock a cup, slipped off his clothes, then joined him for breakfast in bed. They tore off chunks of dense, chewy bagels seasoned with salt, sipped the steaming dark roast. They teased, nudged shoulders, shared long glances.
