“It could be three weeks and include no Spiderman patrol instead of just limited patrol,” Steve spoke up. Peter’s eyes widened as he shook his head.
“It was good,” Tony said, moving into the room more. He looked over Isabel’s shoulder to see what she was reading, though he couldn’t quite tell. “Is this all you guys have been doing since we left?”
“Time for the last surprise of the night,” Tony says as he pulls out a box. Steve glances inside, and smiles wide as he sees the contents of said box.
“I know you are,” Steve said, trying to rein in the laught, “What you just said made me think of a really dumb thought, and I’m still tired from the mission yesterday.
At that, Steve knew Tony had won. As much as he didn’t want to let Tony go to the meeting without him, he definitely wasn’t ready to leave Peter with anyone else. Tony sighed, standing up with Peter, and walking to his husband. He gave Steve a quick peck on the cheek before cupping his face and connecting their gaze.
“It just seems like it’s been less rebellion and more dangerous recklessness,” Steve spoke, “A lot of unnecessary risks that could have caused some serious harm to yourself. We’re just worried that there’s more to this than just being curious and rebellious, especially because of the stress you’ve been under lately.”
“You’re really not that subtle about liking Tony, Steve, and that’s coming from me.” Bruce pointed out, sitting down on the chair across from him while Natasha sat next to Steve on the couch.
ice skated before, it was just pre-serum. And I must have blocked out how badly it always went until I put on the skates.”
“You say that like there’s something wrong with pizza, Mr. Never wears enough layers even though he’s not the one who’s a super soldier who can’t get sick.”
“Isabel.” It was Steve saying her name that finally got her to look up, and she looked right at him with big eyes and a distressed look on her face.
"You have spent the past six weeks making it very clear that you like him." Bruce had explained, "From going on rides together, and you making him food, to even bringing him coffee every morning. You made him sushi, and you aren't even a fan of sushi!"
Natasha and Bruce didn’t say anything to that, but both looked as though they were thinking, when Natasha spoke up.
Tony knew being friends with benefits was a bad idea. He knew it was a bad idea and yet he was the one who had pursued it. The one who kept flirting with Steve, but saying he didn’t want a relationship. Then insisted that they don’t tell the rest of the team, because “that might mess with dynamics and shit like that.” Now he was the one who had caught feelings and had to figure out what to do about them. Why did he always go for things he knew were dumb?
“What if there’s something more to this recklessness? Not just normal teenage rebellion, but what if he genuinely doesn’t care if he lives or dies?” There was a pregnant pause between the two as Tony processed what Steve was trying to say.
“I have to go.” Tony got up quickly and started to grab his clothes off the floor to avoid looking at Steve lying in the bed.
“Yeah,” Steve added, “And if you are ever feeling like that, please come talk to us. We just want you happy and healthy.” Peter smiled at that.
“It’s just that, on top of when you got bit by that spider and didn’t tell us. And then becoming Spiderman. Just a lot of really dangerous risks made us worry.” As he spoke, Steve got up and wrapped his arms around his sobbing family, barely keeping the tears at bay himself. After a few minutes of hugging, even after the tears had subsided, Peter pulled away.
Peter responded with babbling, as though to prove a point. What point, neither of his parents could tell. Steve sighed as he started to clean Peter up, as he was done with breakfast.
“Thanks,” Tony mumbled as he reached out to grab the coffee being handed to him. A little bit of cream and two sugars, just the way he liked it first thing in the morning.
Tony watched his husband as he spoke, trying to act like he was more concerned with his coffee while he gauged his reaction. Steve scrunched his face, not looking thrilled with what Tony was saying, though he didn’t turn his attention to Tony as he continued to feed Peter.
“Well first, I’m a big boy who can handle myself, and has never once given you a reason to not trust me.” Steve blushed a bit in embarrassment to the fact that Tony had just stated matter-of-factly.
It was especially bad because of this new deal that was happening at Stark Industry. There was another company that was apparently in the process of being bought by them, so Tony had to spend a lot of time working on the deal with the owner of said company. Apparently, the owner had a thing for Tony and didn’t try to hide it, at least according to what Steve had heard from Pepper. Tony always said that it was nothing, and in the past, Steve thought nothing of it. He trusted Tony. He really did; the rumors and the timing were getting to Steve though. He didn’t like idea of that guy openly flirting with his husband, and the rumors that were constantly flying, and everyone wanting a piece of his family, especially the media, and it was driving him up a wall.
"Well the board is wrong, the stock is not going to go up if w- yes, I kno- but I'm te-  FINE! I'll look at their stupid idea again and see if I can figure out a compromise. I'll talk to you tomorrow. JARVIS, end call."
“You don’t have to do that yet,” Bruce said, “but you have to actually do stuff with Tony that doesn’t include things only teammates do.”
“I am afraid there is not, as there is no backup chest piece for Sir if the current one gets damaged, and he will not be able to survive without it for more than 30 minutes without being rushed to the hospital. Removing the arc reactor is the best and only option.”
“First a more important question. Are we more, or are you still done with me?” Steve asked. “I think I know the answer, but not asking explicitly already bit me in the butt once today. I don’t really want it to happen again.”
“Captain,” JARVIS interrupted, “the arc reactor must come out in the next minute or it will be permanently damaged.”
“Papa I really need to learn this. I’ve been really trying hard but it’s just not sinking in and I really need it too. You know how hard it is for me to get through the reading material, and I just want to do well on the test,” Isabel explained, looking like she was about to fall apart. Tony himself could see straight through it, which was probably why it wasn’t directed at him, but rather Steve, who now looked like he was about to break, which Tony couldn’t let happen. Tony walked up to his husband, making sure Steve’s eyes were on him, and whispered to his husband.
With that, Tony walked back over to Steve's bike. He was aware that Tony probably hadn't meant much by what he said, calling Steve his friend and offering to let him stay, but Steve's heart did somersaults at the words. It wasn't where Steve wanted them to be, but it was definitely a step in the right direction. He couldn't decide if he should just stay where he was or go talk with Tony, though. Talking with Tony would obviously help Tony feel more friendly towards him, but what if he didn’t like being distracted while he worked? What if he started to find Steve annoying? On the other hand, what if Tony found it rude to just wait for the bike to be fixed, as if Tony were just a worker? Before Steve had a chance to decide, Tony spoke up.
“I got the presents for Clint and his family done and just gave them to bring home. He’s leaving with Wanda in a few hours.”
“Tony, I love you too. I promise I want this over just as badly as you do, but I need you to breathe.” As he said this, Steve started to do the breathing that he wanted Tony to do, hoping that the man under him would follow suit. For a minute, Tony continued to sob and beg, still hyperventilating and shaking, which was starting to worry Steve, but soon, Tony started to follow suit on the breathing.
“Have you guys picked a movie yet?” Tony asked, as he moved towards Peter, who was lying down on the other end of the couch.
“Yeah, I don’t think there is anything more I could have asked for.” Steve responded, turning to look at his grinning husband. He bent down a bit to give him a kiss, not being able to hold back as he was so overwhelmed with how happy he felt about tonight. When he pulled back, he smiled as well.
“Just one second Mr. Stark,” The hostess said as she picked up the phone and dialed a number. She turned her back to them and mumbled into the phone, saying something that Steve was unable to discern. After a moment, she hung up the phone and smiled at them as she turned around.
“Took you guys long enough,” Matt said from his spot in one of the large recliner chairs. Isabel just rolled her eyes at him and moved to cuddle up against Steve on the couch.
Steve and Tony were both right at the entrance of the ice rink, skates on, with Tony on the ice, and Steve standing right outside of it.
“We’re not asking you to stop studying and go into the test as is. You guys just need a break. Breaks are good so that you don't overload yourself. And besides, you both probably know most of the material later. A few hours aren’t going to kill you.” After a moment of consideration, Peter finally relented.
There was a pause between them. Steve didn’t let go of Tony’s hand, but Tony also made no move to try and pull away.
“I’m afraid that Sir is in danger of severely damaging his arc reactor.” Steve shot a look at Tony, sighing in relief when he didn’t seem to have heard what the AI said.
“Yes to both?” He answered, before rushing the rest of his response, “It’s just that my powers changed everything and I wanted to see how I would react to both of them. Not that I ever did it before I got my powers! And Ned was curious too, so we’d do it together. He just wasn’t interested in mixing the two last night. You know, just normal teenage rebellion?”
Matt’s shoulders slumped at that, as he rubbed his eyes and groaned. “They’re in my room. It’s just been a really… long weekend. And they’re not in danger or anything, but just,” he didn’t really finish what he said, though both his parents were getting the idea that a minor concern for the twins was necessary.
“No, don’t do that,” Steve said, trying to keep Tony focused. Steve tried to keep their hands together, but Tony was actively pulling them away now. He wasn’t sure, but this one was definitely starting to seem a lot more severe than the other panic attacks he had seen, with Tony starting to beg Steve.
“Only a genius could have come up with such a creative idea, that’s why,” Tony joked, giving his husband a peck on the lips.
“Good luck with that,” Matt said as he pulled away from his parents. “They’re both freaking out, and Isabel still isn’t thrilled with you guys.”
“We both could have talked more and communicated better. I should have talked to you about being more instead of just assuming we were.”
They were originally going to talk to Pepper or Rhodey to come by and help, but Tony had vetoed those pretty hard, saying Pepper would just make him think of the company, which would stress him out, and Rhodey was across seas, and Tony didn’t want him bothered. So Nat just started to hang around Bruce and Tony a lot during this period, just to make sure Bruce doesn’t get stressed by Tony, and that Tony takes care of himself.
The one good thing was that they seemed to be happening less frequently as the week went on, at least according to Bruce. Instead of 9 or 10 a day, it had gone down to only 3 or 4, which was still a lot, but an improvement. The problem though, was that they were starting to take a heavy toll on his body. They weren’t completely sure if the panic attacks were happening less frequently because the serum was actually starting to wear off, or because Tony’s body physically couldn’t handle them anymore, and he was just always too exhausted to have his heart rate up that fast.
Steve got up to get another chair for Tony to sit down in, as Tony looked at what Steve had been working on.
“Where has this possessiveness come from? It hurts a bit to think that you don’t trust me around someone, even if they do flirt with me, and it worries me a bit that you’re so possessive about Peter as well,” Tony said in concern.
“Umm, have you met your daughter? I don’t think I’ve ever seen her in bed past 9am unless she was deathly ill.” Steve chuckled at his husband's concern, pulling him in with one arm, landing a kiss on his head.
“It does. Now leave everything and lets head out of here. It’ll still be here when you come back.” Steve said. Peter nodded and headed out of the room. Isabel though, still had yet to budge. Tony put a hand on her shoulder to try and get her attention, but she just shrugged it off, making him sigh.
Tomorrow would start Operation Check Yes or No, and hopefully soon, Steve and Tony would be on their first date of many.
“They’re fine. Why are you to so worried? I thought this weekend was supposed to be about you two relaxing.” Matt said, the usual confidence in his voice wavering a bit. Tony took a deep breath, counting to ten in his head, before making eye contact with his son.
“That’s so weird, it’s a ring. Steve, who wo-” Tony stopped talking as he looked up from the gift to see Steve down on one knee.
“That’s why we rented the place out. No one else will see us, and I already know you’re an idiot so it’s fine.”
They hadn’t been expecting the lead scientist to be able to fight. He hid in the corner while Tony was looking at the data, out of his suit, trying to figure out what was important, when the scientist jumped him, hitting him over the head, causing Tony to collapse. He was able to call the other two on the earpiece, just as the scientist injected Tony with something. Natasha and Clint rushed in to see their teammate in the middle of a panic attack. As soon as Natasha had calmed him down, and Clint grabbed whatever data he could get his hands on, they were out of there.
Eventually Tony and Steve were the last two out in the living room though, cleaning up from the presents. Steve watched to make sure Tony had his back turned away from him and the tree so Steve could slip one last thing under it.
“She did, mostly, but there were a few things he insisted I be there for. It’s just this meeting, and then the official signing next week, and then I’m done with him.” Tony said, planting a kiss on his husband’s lips as he took Peter from him as well, walking out to the living room to sit and play.
“We know you tried your best, but you also have to take care of yourself. Have you at least been taking care of yourself?”
“I know Tony. It was a rough couple of months. But they’re all better, or at least enough that we can leave them with the team for a few days so that we can have the break so we can focus on just us.” Tony knew his husband was right. From Peter becoming Spider-man, Matt getting diagnosed with bipolar disorder, and Isabel and Tony’s major fight, not even including other things such as Avengers stuff, to say the year had been a stressful one was just the type of the iceberg. But things had calmed down for a few weeks, so the rest of the team, Pepper, and even the kids had pushed for them to have a weekend to themselves. It was nice while they were there, but they weren’t allowed to contact anyone from home, Rhodey promising to call if there was any sort of emergency, so Tony’s nerves came back like a whirlwind the moment they entered the tower.
“I try.” Tony backed away a bit from the entrance, skating a bit around the entrance. “I can’t believe you forgot that you’ve never skated before.”
The entire ride back, Tony was on edge. No matter how much he and Nat tried doing breathing exercises, or drinking water, or thinking good thoughts, he couldn’t stop shaking. Worrying. Racing. Even in the great time that Clint was able to fly them back to the tower, Tony still had another panic attack and was on the verge of another one by the time they had landed. Tony was so out of it, he didn’t even put up his usual fight about going to medical.
Steve nodded and Tony couldn’t sit still any more during this conversation. Steve stayed sitting, while Tony got up and started pacing, looking anywhere but at Steve, while Steve looked only at Tony.
It took a minute for Peter to connect everything that his father had said, but once he saw the deep worry from Steve and Tony being close to tears, it hit him.
“I know, I know. It’s just,” Tony sighed, shoulders sagging and a headache starting to form, leaving what he was saying open, knowing his husband knew what he was talking about.
“No. Said she spent the whole ride just trying to keep him calm and reassure him that Peter would be fine.” Both went quiet as the as they say in thought, neither having touched their breakfast.
Steve whipped around, seeing Tony looking over his shoulder from behind the chair he was sitting in.
“PLEASE I’m sorry- please just give it back,” Tony sobbed, “I’m sorry for whatever I did. I’ll fix it I promise just please give it back- it’s mine.”
Steve just shrugged, helping to put the trash in the bags. It had been a long Christmas day for all of them. In the morning and most of the early day, all of the Avengers had been out volunteering at a number of different places. By the time they had gotten home, they had all chipped in to help with making dinner, which included all the Avengers and some extra friends as well. After dinner were presents, which took longer than anyone had anticipated and then a movie to finish off the night. By the time people had gone home or to their own rooms, it was midnight.
Six weeks. It had been six weeks since Operation Check Yes or No, appropriately dubbed so by Natasha, started and it felt like little had changed. Bruce, Natasha, and now Sam, were pushing Steve to just bite the bullet and ask Tony out.
Technology was, of course, one of the pros. Being able to connect with others and have all the information in the world at his fingertips was something he never could have even dreamed of. Civil rights were better now, even if that topic could be questionable at times. The diversity in food was easily one of his favorite things about the future, being that he now had access to foods he never used to, or even would have thought of from before he was frozen, like indian food, peruvian food, and ethopian food - there were so many kinds of new foods to discover.
Tony was having none of that though. He continued to scream, begging for Steve to put the arc reactor back in, wondering what he did wrong.
“That’s going to be adorable,” Tony said, thinking of all the little kids with messes of icing and sprinkle on them from trying to decorate cookies.
“I love you,” Steve said, before getting up and heading out of the room, heading to his art studio so that he could start wrapping gifts.
“Tony hurry up!” Steve shouted, grabbing his and Tony's coats from the front closet as he waited by the elevator.
“Thank you. For everything. I really do think this was the best Christmas ever. I love you so much.” Tony said, nearly in tears again.
“Open it, maybe you’ll know once you see what it is,” Steve suggested, walking closer to Tony, who started unwrapping it, only paying attention to the gift. Once he unwrapped and opened it, Tony stopped, still only looking at the gift.
The two panted as they both stared into each other’s eyes. This was their first sex being a married couple, and it had felt very wonderful on both sides. Tony smiling tiredly as he couldn’t believe that Steve and him were married now...as if it had all just sank into him that this was really real..all the ceremony, with the jewelries and robes and people earlier never meant anything to him. Everything earlier seemed like a task he needed to do in order to save his precious friend from death. But now..knowing perfectly well that this was their wedding night and seeing Steve like this.. being with Steve like this..hearing Steve say those reassuring words to him..it had made everything from earlier finally feel like it did mean something. He had always wanted this. He had always wanted Steve, he had just been scared then of the blond when he had shown his darker side. But no matter how much he tried to fight it he knew deep inside he would always love Steve. No matter how mad the king could get. Tony would always love him.
So i put in five chaps but decided to add this little filler...i hope you liked reading about the kids and Tony and Steve as parents.
Yes Tony was inlove with Steve, he couldn’t lie to himself anymore as it was clear what he really felt whenever he saw Steve and Peggy hugging in the hallway for the whole world to see. He had even almost broken Pepper’s home made mug when they were walking across the school yard when he saw Peggy lean into Steve’s ear whispering something that made the blond bite his lower lips with a bright blush on his face. A few students could see how red Steve’s face was as Peggy continued to whisper into his ear while her hands clung to him.
Tony was absolutely grateful that Steve had let Nat and Bucky visit them when Tony’s labour would just be around the corner. being this late in his pregnancy he and Steve couldn’t afford to roam around outside their cottage when there were many dark creatures lurking around the woods surrounding them. A pregnant omega always had a strong and delicious smell that did things to the creatures living in the dark forest. So Tony had to stay indoors at all cost. Maybe once their child was a year old they could finally come out again as Steve would be there by their side incase any creature would try to come near them. Omega human’s and their children were safe to go out as long as their Hydra’s were by their side. Since the other creatures knew how territorial and protective Hydra’s were with their mates.
Steve felt his heart stop as he stiffened behind Tony. Startled at the brunette suddenly saying his name. “T-Tony?...” Steve stuttered as he leaned in glanced down to take a look at the other. Tony turned his head a bit but was still asleep. Cheeks flushed as he parted his lips. “  Steve...” Tony moaned again as he snuggled closer to the blond. His bulge now pressed against Steve’s erection. Blue eyes turning wide, Was Tony moaning out his name in his sleep? Was he dreaming of Steve while Steve was literally grinding against him? Another moan escaped the brunette as he unconsciously grinded his bulged against Steve’s, holy Shit he was! The sudden realization sent a thrill though out the hybrid’s entire body, tail swirling excitedly from behind as he felt his heart beat rapidly. Tony was dreaming of him. Tony wanted this. Wanted this as much as he did! So he was right in thinking Tony would want them both to do what Nat and Clint had done. Oh thank the Gods! They would finally do it! Well...Steve didn’t really know how they would do it since Tony didn’t seem to have that other hole he saw on Nat. But he was sure they would figure it out. And it wasn’t like they couldn’t feel satisfaction from pressing their erections together. He was sure they’d both love that. Steve bit his lips as he tried to slide the brunette’s pajama down, wanting to see the man’s erection and press it against his.
Eventually Peter had relaxed. He’d only known the man for three weeks but he could tell that Steve really was a good guy. And never quiestioned him on it again.
When the battle had ended Steve had returned home bloody and tired, One of the maidens, a red headed woman had ran to the king’s general’s side when she noticed he was barely breathing and missing an arm. The gruesome battle had lasted 16 days with Steve and his alley coming out victorious as he ran a spear through the invading king’s heart.
For those thinking that i twisted stuff and made this feel like it isn’t incest anymore, i tagged it incest since the first few chapters i knew there would be readers telling me that this needs to be tagged incest..i really had a hard time with that as I didn’t want to spoil the whole plot...so this is my apology if anyone thinks i made this into something it’s not..
Natasha would glance back at the two once or twice through the whole movie duration. Eyes looking suspecious as shed’ cock a brow at the blond. Steve would only stare back in response as he didn’t really care as to what she had to say.
Tony immediately followed them. Brows furrowed as he decided to just stand and watch them. Peggy was still giggling as she tried to stand up, Steve pulling her down again making her laugh and shout at him to let her go. The scene was enough to make Tony want to punch the dumb drunk blond in front of him. He hadn’t even acknowledged the brunette, it was as if Tony was invisible. Tony was about to help the struggling friend off his brother when Steve had suddenly leaned up and pulled Peggy closer, hazel brown eyes widen as they watched the tall blond greedily kiss Peggy. The senior brunette had gasp at the action at first before melting into the kiss. Tony stood frozen in shock, heart pounding at the way Steve was ravishing someone else’s face, The scene was just to much for the younger brunette to handle as he felt himself tremble. With shaky legs Tony managed to run up to his room. Slamming the door as loud as he could as he slid down behind it.
The words seemed to hit Steve somewhere as his eyes clouded a bit at the answer before clearing up again. With a huff Steve nodded at him. “Yeah...yeah your right...your right...i-i have to go now..” Tony sat up when Steve had jumped off the bed in an instant. Storming off as fast as he could not giving Tony a chance to come near him. “Steve wait!” Tony shouted as he ran out of the room, seeing Steve rush pass their parents who were surprised to see the blond leave in such a hurry. “Sorry ma..Howard...something just came up! I have to go!” He said as he slammed the front door behind him. Tony wanted desperately to run and chase him but his mind told him to let Steve go. That this was all for the best.  With a choked out cry Tony went back to Steve’s room and slid against the door. Crying as he held the alpha’s dog tags in his hands.
“Tea’s ready..” Steve smiled as he gave Sharon her’s and placed Clint’s on the coffee table. “Thank you Steve, I’m really sorry you couldn’t greet Tony at the airport...i should of called first before i went up here..” he trailed as he took a sip of her tea before continuing “it’s just that we were having a little stroll around the city and then i thought I’d stop by and-“ “it’s okay...Tony said he’ll be here in a few minutes..” Steve smiled as he glanced at Sam who was frowning irritably. Clint reentered the room with a new frozen pack for him when the doorbell rang. Steve’s ears immediately sprang up as he leaped off the cough “that’s him! That’s Tony!” Steve beamed as he ran and got to the door, opening it right away with a big smile as the charming brunette’s face appeared. “Hey stud...missed me?” Tony smiled with a wink at him. And All Steve could do was smile goofily as he immediately wrapped his arms around the brunette and pressed against him. Tony almost falling over at his hybrids weight. “Okay...okay buddy...i missed you too..”Tony chuckled as he wrapped an arm around the blond’s waist before looking around and frowning a bit “what happened here?” He asked as he glanced at the trashed apartment.
Tony giggled as he drank a second serving of the punch that probably had some alcohol in it. “Shit...i think that punch isn’t good for ya...” Bucky frowned as he realized Tony was a bit tipsy. The brunette had never drank alcohol before so it was no surprise if he was already flushed out and giggling from only two cups. Bucky had been drinking a canned bear so he didn’t get to taste the punch Tony was drinking. “Come on doll...better get you somewhere you can rest..” Bucky suggested as he felt Tony start to lean on him more, slender arms sluggishly wrap around his neck as he decided to carry the tiny teen bridal style.
What if he had left? He could of went back to his village if he didn’t like staying with Steve after all. There really was that possibility since there had been cases where the bonded omega human’s had tried to go back to their village. Those cases never ended well for them though, since they were already bonded to their Hydra alpha’s. The human’s would immediately get killed by the new protectors who would smell their hydra’s scent in them the minute they’d step near the village. And if they were somehow able to reach the village gates. They’d immediately burn to ashes as they had betrayed their words that they had uttered during their bonding ceremony. and this was all because they didn’t belong in the village with the other humans anymore.
Tony moaned as Steve dove his tongue inside him, ravishing his mouth and his body as large hands roamed him. Momentarily forgetting where he was Tony came with a shutter, making Steve chuckle as he continued to play with him. Opening his eyes Tony Didn’t know if he could blush any further as he saw Pepper staring at him with wide eyes and a redden face, quickly burying himself against the massive chest to avoid looking at her again. Thor was smiling beside the king pleased that the new couple were having a bit of fun as he rested his arms over Loki who merely drank his wine. “Perhaps your bride would love a little bath to clean up” Thor suggested with a laugh.
Loki shivered as he bit his lips, trying to focus on what was in his mind at the moment. "is it safe though...i mean.." he said through lidded eyes as he tried to move away from the other Prince's touch. Thor furrowed his eyebrows at that before answering with assurance and then asking why? Loki pouted a bit, which earned him a quick kiss on his neck. "Just that i have heard that the king can be very...." Loki trailed as he tried to think of a word that didn't disrespect the Hydra king. Especially in font of Thor who was very close to said king. " Protective..." he finished.
Tony startled from his spot as he turned around to see one of the Asgardian Prince standing near the entrance to his room. It was the dark haired one named Loki Tony recalled. “Wha-..it doesn’t matter...its all been done now” Tony answered with a weak voice. The dark haired prince sigh before entering, “ we never meant for that to happened..we had found her a few days ago..and brought her with us..she was barely alive when we had found her laying waste in the harsh dessert..i had ordered for my men to have her fed and dressed..” he trailed as he stood near the windows edge. Tony nodded “thank you for that...”
This had put a small frown on the older teens face as he grudgingly agreed and backed away. Putting both hands in his pocket as he turned around, deciding to leave as to not further embarass the birthday boy. Since he knew he’d have a hard time keeping his hands to himself when around him.
A sweet looking woman had instantly poped out of the kitchen with a tray of home made brownies. Eyes sprakling once they meet with Tony. “Sweety…who’s this? “ she asked as she lifted the tray a bit higher towards the two teens.  “This is Tony Stark…he’s a friend from school…” Steve said absentmindedly as he grabbed a brownie. The shorter teen gave a shy smile as he didnt expect to be greeted by the senior’s mom right away that day. She was so beautiful and blond, Just like Steve. Compared to the two. Tony looked like last nights TV dinner. His hair was a mess, his shirt had wrinkles and he was pretty sure his glasses were fogging up from his breath.
“I SAID I…” more loud music…And Tony just had had enough of that and instantly wrapped his arms around the tall blond’s neck. Swinging lightly before being held in place. Leaning in closer as best as he could.
Mornings were always like this for the two brothers. Filled with laughs and tight hugs, and most times steamy morning kisses. Ever since their parents tragic deaths four years ago, they were placed under the care of their uncle Fury who was always out of the country for reasons unknown. So the brothers really only had each other to take care of. With Tony being the youngest of the two by two years, he mostly depended on Steve who always took extra good care of him.
It had baffled the two Starks to why all those had happened. It was quite a trouble as well when Tony would go into heat and not have any available Alpha’s around. Luckily Howard could afford the most nicest heat toys to help the omega during his heats. Although after a while Tony would come out of his room smelling like his Step-son after his heats were done. He had confronted the blond Alpha back then of what he was doing. The only answer Steve could give was that his brother needed him. Sarah and Howard were very concern with this at first but grew to understand that Steve was only doing what he thought was best. “He can be very protective of Tony...after all Tony is the only brother Steve has..” Sarah said reassuringly back then. Howard could only nod in agreement as he Remembered Steve being the same with Sarah when they had first started dating. thankfully the young Alpha had warmed up to him, especially when they had introduced him to Tony who had clung to him right from the start.
Steve pinned Tony against a wall, inside the massive hallway leading to the master bedroom. Tony moaned before trying to get away from the hungry blond’s mouth that had settled to nibble on his earlobe instead. “Steve wait…not here please…the kid’s mig-mmm..” Steve greedily devoured his lips again. Tongue exploring the insides  of Tony’s mouth before pulling away with a devilish grin. “You know i’ve been waiting all day to finally have you all to myself again…” Steve breathed as he decided to trail his tongue down the other’s neck.
Tony as well was a bit happy as he finally let the idea sink into him that he would finally be bonded.. maybe even start his own family. He had always wanted one, just never had the chance since all his suiters would back away. His excitement however left him when he had called and announced to Steve that he would be married off within the month. Instead of the usual supportive and warm voice he waited to hear from Steve, The line had went deadly silent for a whole five minutes as Tony kept asking if he was still there and finally after eight minutes of no response Tony sighed as he said his goodbyes sadly. He hadn’t gotten a text or a call from the alpha since then. He hated it. Hated that Steve wasn’t happy for him. And didn’t seem like he would come to his wedding as he wished he would. A huge part of his heart ached at the thought of not seeing his favorite Alpha on his wedding day. When they had been teenagers Tony even had this childish fantasy that he’d be marrying Steve on his wedding day. The two would play wedding inside their rooms and laugh and giggled as they both gave each other toy rings. Those stupid thoughts left his head when Steve had started dating other omega’s. Omega’s that weren’t his step brother. He had felt so stupid and shameful at thinking him and Steve could actually be together. Luckily he was past that now and was finally looking forward to getting married to another alpha. But still he wished his favorite Alpha would come and see him on his day.
By the time war broke out, Steve had stopped thinking about his words as often as he had used to. He had had them for more than a decade now, and the novelty had worn off once he realized he couldn’t spend his entire life constantly jumping whenever someone said his words or wondering if they would whenever he talked to them. His words weren’t that common, but they weren’t unique either, not like Bucky’s were, and he had heard enough variations of the line on his wrist over the years that he had forced himself to ignore it, only thinking about it occasionally.
“’M with you,” Steve said faintly. “We’ll do it together, every step of the way.” He smoothed his thumb across the back of Tony’s hand with an aching, fragile tenderness, fading, dwindling, but still holding on.
“Fly safe, Tony,” he said softly, and with a smile, he rode out of town, out onto the highway again and into the quiet night, the skies and the road open in front of him, towards Brooklyn and the future.
Steve tensed, the cords of muscle at his wrist jumping as Tony curled his hand around it, and when Tony looked down, he understood why. There were his words in his own writing, etched into Steve’s skin, a wound inflicted by his own hand.
“All I could think of was you, after,” he said, looking somewhere to the right of him. “Everyone here could have died a-and I wasn’t…I didn’t want to think about that. I couldn’t. So I kept thinking about how I needed to fix this. Over and over again, and all I could think of when I did was you. If no one else—the one person who couldn’t be dead…I needed you to be alive.” He swallowed hard, turning away. “I need
But he saw everything now because he learned to and because Tony let him, because Tony felt safe around him to slow down, to drop every single one of his defenses.
Tony swallowed a sigh. “Team meeting in here at 9 A.M.” He gestured towards the general vicinity of the living quarters, stopping in his tracks but not bothering to turn around. “Your room is as you left it.”
The suit was starting to strain from both the heavy hits it sustained over the course of battle and the unwise number of times he used the thruster he had recently built into his boots.
him. He didn’t have the right to be hurt. But Steve had acknowledged that he had and the truth was, he had hurt Steve too.
He should have kept the tower except it was much harder to ignore what happened in a city halved and gripped by chaos.
Pepper finally sounds like herself when she laughs and uncovers her face. Her bangs stick up messily and her skin’s blotchy. Natasha has observed Pepper—has been friends with Pepper—long enough to know that means Pepper’s either angry or on the verge of tears. Or sometimes a mix of both, where Tony's concerned.
. In his mind flashed a fleeting memory: Steve raining blows on him, Steve with his shield held high, harshly disfigured by a grimace of fury—and grief.
Natasha doesn’t have an answer, only an understanding that she can’t put into words. She opts to hold his hand instead, the one curled over the phone, as though she can hold onto Tony with Steve and pull Tony back in from whatever place he’s lost in.
He had read once that old injuries never fully go away, that under certain circumstances, the lack of collagen to sew together the wounds forced those that had faded, those that had long since healed and been forgotten, to suddenly reappear, each one painfully fresh.
It didn’t matter. It was too late. Steve was always late in matters like this, and the entire team was late in heeding Tony’s words, in finally understanding his grim warnings about the threats that he faced alone, about his greatest fears.
But he knew Tony the way Tony knew him, and Tony would see this as something that Steve should do even if Tony had as much right to do it too, if not more.
“As a bargain for my life,” Thor had explained brokenly, turned away from the screen, bitterness and grief wearing lines into his face.
, he had thought only minutes before. He elected to go for the truth; Steve had opened up to him, and he never did that. Tony could understand the urge not to even if his didn’t come from an entirely self-sacrificial place like Steve’s. He set the apple down and kept his hand there, a foot away from Steve’s, kept calm and kept from fidgeting. “Hard to imagine anything can hurt me after everything. And yet,” he said, smiling humorlessly.
“Everything after Patsy said she’s not interested in him,” Natasha replied. “So he knows you’re in love with him, and you know that he’s in love with you.”
Tony descended on shaky legs, wan but alive, eyes wide with a fragile desperation that Steve couldn’t interpret but innately understood, and he was on fire, his lungs, throat, and eyes burning as he pushed himself forward.
He ignored the fact that Steve stayed until it was only the two of them at the end of each team meeting, that he straightened up every time Tony accidentally entered the same room as him alone, that his face twisted into something awful whenever Tony left as quickly as possible. That he stared and stared and stared like Tony was something just out of reach when he assumed Tony wasn’t looking, something precious, something loved, something lost.
“So was I,” he had almost been able to hear them whisper and as he had stood there, staying as still as possible, he had almost felt them next to him too, a warm, invisible presence by his side, constant and unwavering like nothing else could ever hope to be.
“Yeah, that’s because the whole idea behind the mystery items was to give people who couldn’t offer big bids a chance to win something and the bids got out of control real fast. But that was sweet of you, protecting me like that.”
That. He could do that for Steve. It wasn’t much, but he would take all of Steve’s pain if he could, every inch of it if it meant Steve stayed alive.
Touching wrists, soul mark against soul mark, holding their wrist against your chest. A tried-and-true method of calming your soulmate.
Tony locked his boots together, the massive repulsor at his heels blasting him towards the fight in a blink of an eye. He snatched the Gauntlet before anyone could react and swept upwards on a narrow angle. The suit registered Steve’s grip tightening on him as they sped away, Tony putting in another burst of speed, pushing for maximum acceleration.
Even as he pretended to survey something beyond the trio, his clammy hands tucked in his pockets, he saw how Steve looked at him from the corner of his eye. There was a tenderness to his expression, and he hated that he recognized it, that it wasn’t something exotic, peculiar, and never-seen-before but something familiar.
Tony wondered if his mother had felt that way in the end. Dying because of her soulmate’s obsession. Because of
As Tony continued to cry silently, speechless for once, Steve thought they understood each other better than they had ever thought they would.
Every line of him was hard and unforgivingly rigid as though he thought that if he held himself together as tightly as possible he wouldn’t shatter. He had been like that in Siberia too, in his explosiveness, each punch unyielding and precise. But he had shattered then.
Steve seemed to take that as affirmation, nodding once as if he had expected it before looking at Tony again. “I do mean it, though,” he said. “I want you to know that.”
he thought venomously, but he stopped himself before he lashed out. The ugly, vindictive creature he had been nursing inside of him would have taken enormous pleasure in hurting Steve, but punching him in the gut would leave him exposed, give Steve an in. He didn’t want to give Steve any more of him than he already had, not even his anger. He swallowed the poison, too accustomed to its corrosiveness to care about how much of him it eroded away.
As Steve nipped and sucked at his exposed neck Tony couldn’t help the moan that had escaped him. placing his hand over Steve’s large one that was holding him in place Tony weakly begged for him to stop as he closed his eyes shut, avoiding to see his friends face staring at him in utter shock at how willing he actually was to being used my his new king.
Tony moaned into his heated kiss with Loki when he felt Steve’s dick twitch inside him, hitting his prostate dead on as the blond thrusted faster into him, pace becoming brutal and erratic as he moaned Tony’s name repeatedly. Words of praises escaping his lips as he told Tony how beautiful he was, how much he loved him and only did all those things because he loves him. His words were too much that the brunette immediately broke away from the sloppy kiss he shared with Loki, glancing back instead at his blushing King Who’s eyes were burning holes into him. With his lust filled eyes Tony leaned into his king’s face as he begged for a kiss. Licking and nipping the blonds closed lips, wishing for entrance into them. With a low groan Steve obliged as he opened his lips, letting the pink appendage in to ravish the inside of his mouth. The king grinned when he felt Tony’s hole start to clenched tight around him, indicating that the Brunette was already coming. With a harsh thrust Steve spread Tony’s ass cheeks wider as he hit Tony’s prostate brutally, making the brunette part his lips from his with a loud cry of ecstasy as he shuttered in the hydra’s arms. His cum spilling all Steve who moaned at feeling Tony clench around him even tighter. Making him thrust in brutally a few more times before cumming inside the fucked out brunette. A few of his cum pouring out of Tony’s abused hole.
Tony hums at that. “ i don’t think i’ll be able to sleep without you tonight ...”Steve said in a hush tone. Tony inhaled hearing that. “Me neither...” he admitted. Steve smiled before asking “Is it okay if we leave the video call on?...i think it would really help..I’d love to just see you next to me..even if it’s just in this tiny screen” Tony chuckled at that before nodding and saying “That sounds like a great idea..”
“She’s doing good...i just left her with her heat vibrator for a while..” Clint answered casually as he ate the banana. Tony spit some of his coffee a bit at the blunt answer. “Ohhhh...sorry...didn’t mean to make you spit out your drink”
The Kingdom was full and alive as the King’s people came to see the Stark prince finally now down to their King and be crowned Queen of the Hydra Kingdom.
he couldn’t wait that long to be claimed by Tony.  not when every omega the Alpha met was drawn by how gentle he was. Tony wasn’t at all like any of the knot-headed alpha’s Steve had met. Who used their second gender and physical traits to their advantage, belittling omega’s like Steve and treating them like they were only made for sex and looking after them. No Tony was different. He was gentle and kind, soft spoken and respectful. Often times it was cute how insecure he could get around others and would clutch at Steve’s sides as the two would walk together. That was the thing all the other Alpha’s (especially the old one’s like their parents) didn’t understand. For them Tony looked weak and pathetic as an alpha. But to omega’s Tony was absolutely desirable! he was the dream Alpha all omega’s and even beta’s wanted. He never treated them like they were below him. He never showed he was superior or that he had more rights to them. No, he treated everyone as equals and that was the thing that made every omega want to be with him.
Loving the reaction he was getting from the smaller man Steve nibbled more on his earlobe before tracing his tongue over the other’s face
When they had arrived at the brunette’s class Steve was ready to turn and walk towards his own class when Tony had suddenly tugged at his arm, startling the blond as he turned to look at the junior. “Um...is it okay if we sit together later at lunch? I um...I actually bought some lasagna...i have it at my locker, you told me on Saturday that it’s your favorite...i figured I’d give you something you like since you keep giving me free food.” Tony said with a small smile. Steve just stood silently in front of him, blue eyes a bit wide as he stared at the younger teen. “Um...ugh or not if y-you don’t wa-“ Tony stuttered nervously when he realized the blond probably didn’t want to sit with him. “I’d love too! I mean..i..yeah, sure let’s sit together at lunch later...I’m cool with that...” Steve said instantly making Tony smile back at him again. “Really?” Tony asked with such an adorable face that Steve couldn’t help but smile in a goofy way. “Yeah yeah...I can’t believe you bought me lasagna..” Steve said with a stupid grin. Tony just giggled at that as he told the blond that he wasn’t the only one taking down notes. The blond had rubbed his head sheepishly again at that before turning around and walking towards his own classroom. But not before giving the smaller teen a quick kiss.
A low growl escaped the tired alpha as he let the omega continue what he was doing. Steve couldn’t help to smirk as he heard the evelator door open.
“Dad! Dad! I saw Peter and Wade kissing behind the big tree outside our house the other day!” Morgan suddenly said with small crumbs on her cheeks. Harley’s eyes widen at his sister’s words as he quickly whispered to her that it was suppose to be their secret. With a swift move Steve was out of the house making Tony groan in frustration. “Morgan...we need to talk after this..” he said sternly before walking near the door and calling out for the blond hydra who was quickly disappearing into the woods.
Once the two had finally settled on a perfect spot underneath some trees to shade them from the hot sun. Steve immediately opened his small notebook that Tony had seen from the day before. Scribbling something down again before putting it back inside his pocket. Once that was done the two stare at each other in utter silence once again, the same as yesterday when they had sat silently across each other from the diner. Tony was the first to clear his throat as he began to take some food out of the basket Steve had brought, smiling as he smelled the delicious burgers. “Thanks again for the treat..um...next one’s on me..” he offered as he gave Steve his burger. The blond simply smiled at that and WOW, he really did have a really nice smile. Tony didn’t think he could ever get over how handsome Steve was, especially when he was just a few inches from him.
Steve and Tony had been together now for over a year, everything had been going great as the entire team had finally settled in the Stark tower. For a well known playboy and selfish prick. Tony was actually a wonderful boyfriend and teammate, never losing his cool and always helping out in the best way that he could.
Then an idea had hit him. The idea that he could actually make Tony fall inlove with him instead of Bucky..and then they’d both get who they wanted. It was so simple.
Crap, crap, crap...his notepad wasn’t here. He most of left it somewhere. Tony jumped out of his messy bed filled with his bag and books, panic filling him up as he paced around his room trying to remember where he had last held it. “Oh my god! The bleachers! With....” Tony paled as he realized that he had left the notepad on the bleachers where Steve and Bucky and a few girls were at. Holy shit! No! No! No! What if Bucky saw it? The senior would never look or go near Tony again! Tony practically sprinted out his room as his heart beated like a drum inside his chest. Maybe they didn’t notice it, maybe it was still right there where he had forgotten it. Yeah, it was a small notepad anyway they might not have of seen it. His mind was running a mile a second as he reached the empty school grounds. Dashing quickly he rushed to the school’s football field, frantically searching for the notepad. The sun was setting when he finally felt all hope lost as he came to admit that the notepad containing all his secret desires was gone.  With a heavy sigh he fell on his knees as he trembled at the thought of being rejected and humiliated. Why did he have to be so absentminded.
Breakfast was a whirlwind, as soon as Steve had started making pancakes and delicious sunny side up eggs. He had kept on asking Tony to come and taste them, deliberately placing his fingers on the mixing bowl and sticking it in a very surprised but very pleased brunette. “ you know you shouldn’t let me taste the batter Steve...i might just end up eating all that instead” Tony mused with a mischievous smile as he tried to get more. Steve had made sure Thor was at the table watching them, a fond smile had appeared on the other hybrids face before it fell and was replaced with unreadable expression. Good! It seemed as though Steve had gotten his point across. But just to make it even clearer Steve leaned down to lick a smudged of pancake batter on the brunette’s chin. Tony blushing immediately and stuttering a ‘i should go to the bathroom’. Making Steve smile as he sniffed the air that smelled of arousal from the brunette. Well if that wasn’t considered a win he didn’t know what was.
“Seriously…you’re lucky you got a mom that actually knows how to bake…my mom only knows how to make margareta’s” Tony crinkled his nose as he laughed. The adorable expression made Steve feel like he had a mini heart attack.
Tony blinked a few times at that as he felt warm lips pressed against his cheeks, making him grin a bit before yawning as he tried to stretch his arms and legs as best as he could while a hard body was pressed on top of him. “Morning Steve...” he whispered tiredly, eyes squinting a bit making him look absolutely adorable to the blond who was grinning down at him. “Breakfast is ready...” Steve announced as he pulled Tony off the bed. The small brunette giggled as he wrapped his arms around his older brother’s neck. Burying his face against the blond’s chest as he tried to catch a few Z’s while Steve lead them down the kitchen.
He couldn’t help the smile curving his face whenever he remembered how the blond had taught him to kiss and hold hands last Saturday. Even though they were suppose to be just lessons..they actually felt so real. The way Steve would lean into his face and not let go until they needed air, the way the blond’s adorable baby blue eyes would stare at him like he was actually inlove with Tony. all those did wonders to the tiny nerds heart. He couldn’t even believe that he use to think of Steve as scary when in fact the big jock was actually just an adorable puppy who liked to help others like Tony and Bucky out.
“I am so lucky to have you as a part of the team Steve…”he confessed through soft moans as the blond continued to work his magic agaisnt aching muscles. “It’s no biggie..you just seemed so stressed and busy lately..i just really wanted to help..” Steve reassured as he gently slid his hands inside the alpha’s shirt. “Your muscles are so tensed here…let me fix it…”
When Bucky had went into the bathroom to wash, Steve had sneakily cornered him in his room as the blond had pinned him down his bed. Tony had actually tried to resist as he didn’t want the other teen to suddenly burst in and find them both kissing. Also he was still upset with the blond for going out with Peggy and not coming home early. Unfortunately he was weak when it came to his brother as he started moaning when Steve had began ravishing him endlessly till they heard the bathroom door creak from across the hall.
Which made Tony and Pepper flinch. “I’m terribly sorry my old friend..I didn’t mean to bring you any trouble..” Thor stepped in as he tried to calmed the angry king down. Loki standing by his side, cursing as he was afraid of what would happened. This is exactly what he had feared when Thor had announced their travel. The king was a complete mad man. But Steve merely grunted at them. “No...my friend...you did good...i swore to kill all the people in the Stark kingdom except for my Tony..and kill them i shall..” he snarled as he grabbed a fist full of hair from the startled dame. Tony grabbed his fist as he pleaded for Steve to reconsider.
Hope you enjoyed...sorry for any mistakes i really need a beta I don’t have the patience to re-read the stories again with my eyes hurting 😞
After that, everything had became easier for the brunette. Every morning he would wake up to his older brother kissing him and loving him. And at school he’d pretend he didn’t just see Peggy lean against Steve with her arms around his as the two laughed with their other friends. Eventually Tony had accepted that Steve and Peggy were probably dating. Too hurt to ask Steve anything, he decided to leave it. If Steve still didn’t want to tell him, he wouldn’t pry. And in a way he was happy for Steve. After all..all Tony ever wanted for his brother was for him to be happy. But it did hurt though.. the thought that Steve would one day probably leave him and have a family of his own. Then who would Tony have...
A few moments later they were walking side by side silently, both glancing at opposite directions as they did. Wow, Steve’s hand was really big, and warm. It really felt nice the way he’d squeeze the smaller teen’s hands every now and then. Tony couldn’t help but feel really warm and cozy next to the big teen while walking out in the cold chilly air. Steve didn’t seemed to mind too when Tony had pressed a bit closer to him when a light breeze had passed them by.
Tony was actually considering it! He had actually planned for them to do a kiss after a few dates, perhaps on the 6th or 7th but seeing the brunette’s face so close to his had made him blurt out what he really had been thinking of what he wanted to do at the moment. He was about to take it back when he realized Tony was actually okay with it. “So...how do we do it?” Tony asked as he tilted his head to the side, giving Steve a bit of a nice view of his collarbone. Steve stared at the exposed skin for a second before snapping his full attention back at Tony who was waiting with a cute pout. “I ugh...well we...lean next to each other and press our lips together..” Steve managed as he felt himself shake nervously. He had never really kissed someone before, he had a lot of girls and even guys try to kiss him on the lips, but it always ended with them either kissing his chin or his neck since he would always get too nervous at their forwardness and start avoiding their advances.
Pepper had been Tony’s friend for more than four years and the two had always been joined in the hip, she had always been there for him in his times of need. especially when his father would finish scolding him of what a disappointment he was to him. How he was the reason why his mother had died trying to save him from that run away horse he had let loose. Telling him that his mother was an angel and she had to give up her life to save his pathetic one. Tony would then break as guilt and sorrow would envelope him at the harsh cruel words his own father always threw at him. Nights like those always made being alone so horrible, and he would always send for pepper to come and sleep with him. At those late nights Pepper would sneak into his chambers bringing wine and pastries, singing to him or telling him that his old man was nothing but a ‘stupid goat’ who needed to get smacked, Tony would eventually feel a bit better after her rants. Loving how she would wrap him into her arms as he’d finally feel safe and fall asleep knowing she was there with him.
Tony sigh as Morgan and Harley had started fighting behind him. “This one will be last i swear...” Tony tiredly said with a smile as he patted his belly when Steve entered the kitchen. “You sure about that?” Steve wiggled his brows suggestively as he leaned over to give his pregnant wife a kiss. Tony giggling at the way his husband’s beard was tickling him. “I can’t believe i let you talk me into letting you grow a beard...” Tony said fondly as he leaned up with his tiptoes to give the tall Alpha a quick kiss. “Are you complaining?” Steve asked with a fond smile. “Who says I’m complaining?” Tony defended with a laugh before finally putting a led on the pot and letting it simmer.
“I just...i really just want to feel you more..just before you go away next week...if-if it’s okay with you..” was all he could say as he waited for the omega who smiled widely at him with a nod. With Steve’s permission Tony leaned closer and pressed his lips against Steve’s agains. The omega shivered in delight as he leaned into the kiss, Loving how Tony’s trembling hands were roaming his body. Before he knew it Tony was gently laying him down on the ground as his hand started to play with the omega’s erect nipple. Steve gasping when Tony’s lips had began to travel down his throat, kissing and sucking pale skin before leaving small marks on them. The Alpha Moaned when Steve’s hand had traveled down his clothed crotch. Palming him as he bucked his hips downward. Loving how Steve also lifted up his hips to press his bulge against the alpha’s thighs.
Thor nodded in agreement "As i am protective of you...we all tend to be with the people we love" he said with tender blue eye's. "He ripped an arm off of one of his men for placing it on the Stark Prince's back..." Loki reminded him with a look. "Well...yes...he might be a bit more harsh than most of us..." Thor trailed, " but he means well...and we will do our best to pay our respects to him and his future Queen.." he finished with a smile. Loki stared at him for a bit before leaning close with a small sigh.
His father had left him there until the Hydra army had arrived and asked for him. With a spat Howard barked for them to leave! Closing his gates as a sign of broken bounds, But the hydra king didn’t budge trying to negotiate until he had lost his temper at the stubborn Stark. With a final offer he shouted that if Howard would not bring Tony to him he would burn the entire kingdom down, killing every man women and children in sight. Only sparing them in exchange for the Prince.
Steve smiled brightly as he stared at the home made vanilla frosted birthday cake Clint had bought him, it had been a whole year since Tony had found him that faithful night and so the brunette had marked that night as Steve’s birthday since he didn’t really know when Steve’s birthday was. “Come on Steve, blow out the candles!” A red head named Pepper laughed as she got her camera to take a picture of the smiling hybrid. Tony laughed as well as he helped Steve blow all the candles in the cake. Making Natasha pucker her lips as she secretly wanted to blow the candles too. Once all the candles were out everyone clapped and cheered as Steve’s ears twitched with excitement. Tony had pulled all the stops into giving him a wonderful party. Hiring a catering Service and inviting Steve’s hybrid friends that they’ve met along the year. Bucky and Sam sat next to his right while Natasha sat on the other side. He had met the two Hybrids five months ago when Him and Tony had went to the park, the two had followed him around when he had gotten lost from the brunette and helped him find the worried owner. Their owner Sharon sat next to Clint who was busy blowing up more balloons for them. Rhodey one of Tony’s friends and co-worker had even wore a cat mascot for the celebration.
Too embarrassed Tony decided to try and glanced somewhere else but large hands had suddenly wrapped around his head again, Palming his face gently as the hands made him face the blond. “We’re gonna have to practice more...” Steve breath before leaning in again. Tony couldn’t help but close his eyes as he felt his heart beat rapidly again inside his rib cage, lips locking on Steve’s as the blond tangled them together.
Thor merely suppressing a laugh before waving his hand in front of him. “I am sorry...my friend but the part were you said that i would want to stay and take Tony away from you..” Thor smiled widely with a very amused look. Steve could only stared at him as his ear twitched, confused at what the other blond was trying to tell him. “My friend Steve...as much as i am thankful to be given a place to rest upon while waiting for my master to be found...i would never in a million years wish to be away from my master for too long...or to take another master to replace him, for you see..i have already claimed him as mine..no one else shall ever replace my dear sweet Loki” Thor finally finished with a sheepish smirk.
When Tony had found him on that alley way he was a small weak pathetic thing that never trusted anyone. Everyone had tried to hurt him. Tried to trick him into thinking they wouldn’t hurt him before throwing things at him, laughing when he’d stumble to the ground. After that He had learned to stay away and fight off any human who would dare get near him...Until Tony had found him. Steve had been ready to fight him when all of a sudden Tony had Smiled warmly and offered him food..food, when everyone else had thrown rocks and garbage at him. Tony had offered him a delicious freshly baked muffin, something Steve hadn’t tasted in a long time. After that Tony had offered him more than he could ever imagine, he had offered Steve a home..and his love..even if it wasn’t the same kind of love Steve had been feeling for the past few months. Tony had offered him the one thing Steve had thought he would never get.  And Steve would be damned if it would ever be taken away from him...but would it? Would Thor take away Tony’s love for him? What if Tony would love Thor more than he loved Steve?
“Me…” Peter blushed. “…please don’t think i dont want anyone to know about us…i love you so much..it’s just that your the only one that knows about me…of who i really am…” Peter breathed as he fidgeted with the taller teens open shirt. “Yeah i know…take your time.” Wade smiled warmly. Bending down to try and steal a kiss before a cough had jolted him backwards.
“You’re going to help me?!” Tony exclaimed with wide eyes. “Yeah..i know Bucky more than anyone...i can totally help you make him like you..” the blond said with a serious look. Tony could only gape in astonishment at what he had just heard.
The sudden changes were honestly a lot to take in since Steve was so beautiful and gorgeous and so strong that Tony felt that the omega would one day realize that he didn’t need Tony after all. The thought had immediately made the alpha sad and scared. What if he was going to be a burden to Steve. After all now Steve was actually stronger than most alpha’s and Tony was just..well Tony.
When it was time for the ceremony to begin, Pepper, Sarah and Maria frown when they had realized Tony still hadn’t shown up. Howard and Killian frowning instantly along with a few guest as they all realized that the bride was missing.
“Tony? You okay?” Clint asked one day when Tony had stumbled into the kitchen looking absolutely drowsy and red. “Y-yeah...just..ugh, heat’s starting..” Tony answered as he tried to get to the coffee machine. A frown had form at the blond’s face. “I don’t think coffee is good for you..here, have some water instead..” Clint offered as he got up and handed Tony a cool glass of water. Tony gratefully took the glass and gulped it down, face looking absolutely flush as he said his thanks. “Where’s Steve? Shouldn’t he be helping you?” Clint furrowed his brows as he tried to ignore Tony’s delicious smell. “ he’s at SHIELD’s helping Bucky out with a few things...it’s alright, Bucky probably really needs him right now..” Tony assured with a tired smile. The answer didn’t seem to set well with the blond though as he quickly snarled at the idea of Steve being with another omega when Tony was in heat. “What? Tony...You need Steve Right now! He should be here with you!” Clint snapped as he tried to reach for his phone that was laying on the kitchen counter. “God! He doesn’t even know his omega’s own heat cycle?!” A growl vibrated through his throat as he started dialing on his phone, only for it to be snatched away from him. With a confused look Clint turned to look at the flushed out omega. “Clint, sweety..i get your upset, and i wanna thank you but It’s alright, I don’t wanna stress Steve anymore than he is right now..and I can understand if he feels that he needs to be with Bucky, they were best friends and even had a thing back then..honestly if i was in Bucky’s shoes as well, i would want and need Steve by my side too..” Tony breathed making Clint groan. “God Tony! Don’t you ever think that there might be something going on between them? For Christ sake there was a thing between them back before Bucky fell in the ice! You should at least feel I don’t know...jealous...agitated or something..it’s not normal!” Clint exclaimed as he stared in disbelief at the sweating omega, fuck Tony smelled so good.
But a slight blush did rise up on his cheeks when he saw from the corner of his eyes that Steve had placed his fingers in his mouth. Licking them a few times before carefully sucking on them.
The incubus nodded right away as he started to nudge his face against Steve’s. Making the human chuckle nervously beside him. Honestly speaking, Steve hadn’t had sex in a very long time. The last sexual experience he could remember was about a year ago. And it really wasn’t all that great if he remembered correctly. God he hoped Tony would love feeding off him. Because he could tell he would love feeding Tony, just watching the way Tony looked at him was already getting him hard. And it wasn’t even a seductive look that incubus’s normal gave off to humans.  No, it was an adorably cute look that was begging innocently for Steve to start feeding him. How the hell was he really an incubus?! No sex monster could look that innocent.
War...it was war that separated Steve from Tony again. It seemed one of Steve’s neighboring allies was going to be invaded and had requested for the Hydra king’s help. Steve right away mounted on his horse as he lead his men to the battlefield. He had made love to Tony the night before his departure. Telling his trusted advisor Sam to look after Tony while he and his general were away.
The entire team couldn’t believe it at times how lucky Steve was to have such a wonderful omega like Tony, even when the blond alpha had started disappearing with his former omega to god knows where. Tony would just shrug whenever his teammates started asking him if he knew where they had went. Tony trusted Steve and knew he wouldn’t do anything stupid. Plus, if he did do anything stupid Tony would totally kill him. And Bucky. But honestly, he trusted his alpha.
When Steve had noticed the small notepad that the younger teen had left behind he immediately took it and placed it inside his pocket before Bucky and the girls could see it. Once he got home he immediately opened it, lips turning upside down as he realized what was written inside it. Tony really did like Bucky...and it hurt..a lot. Especially since Steve knew Bucky had someone else he wanted. He felt sad for himself and bad for Tony. They both couldn’t have what they wanted...
Steve smiled back at him as he grabbed the outstretched hand and shook it with a strong grip, making Killian wince a bit as he tried to pull his hand away. “Sorry...don’t know my own strength sometimes..” Steve said with a winked at him before glancing back down at Tony who swatted his chest playfully. “I actually can’t stay long...I’m only here to wish you two best of luck for tomorrow..” he finally confessed as he glanced around the room. “What? Why? You only just got here!” Sarah gasped with wide eyes. “I know...i know...it’s just that it’s a really busy time for us at the university..I can’t even begin to tell you how stressed i am right now..i only came to see everyone and at least tell you in person Tony how happy i am for you” the last part sounded a bit stern but Steve still pulled off a happy smile in front of the omega. Tony could only stare up at him, gaping like a fool. Steve had come all this way just to tell him this. He just couldn’t believe the things Steve would go through just to make him feel happy. A blush spread on his face as he nuzzled his head against Steve’s again. “Thank you Steve...” he whispered as he clung to the alpha. Feeling a bit confused when he felt the alpha shiver a bit, making him look up with worried eyes. “I ugh...I’m just really hungry..” Steve said with a light blush as he finally let go of Tony. “Oh dear you must be starving! Here...come sit next to me sweety...We have roasted chicken and lamb chops..“ Sarah said as she ushered the blond alpha to an empty seat next to her.  Dinner had went well as they all started chatting and laughing. With Steve even praising Killian a bit for his works, easing Tony’s worries as he did. Eventually Killian had to go as he was called into a conference meeting with his business partners in japan. When Dinner had ended Tony had escorted Steve into his old room. The two laughing when they both stumbled onto the large bed.
Thankfully on the day of the ceremony Tony was pleasantly surprised to see that the village protector seemed kind and considerate as he had even hunched over so that Tony wouldn’t keep holding his head too high as a sign of respect for him. he was thankful really since he didn’t want his neck to hurt that night as well. And even though the Hydra creature did look threatening and dangerous with his broad and bulky shoulders with arms and hands big enough to crush a human’s skull, nit to mention the long tentacles twirling behind him like snakes. the way he had looked at Tony with his soft blue eyes was enough to assure the omega that the hydra wouldn’t actually do anything to him that he didn’t want.
Next chappy will be up in about one or two days...pls leave a comment and gibe me your thoughts! I honestly hope you guy's are still interested
“Mine...Tony...please be mine..i know we shouldn’t...i know, i know..God i know...I’ve been trying to tell myself that for months..but i just can’t..i love you I’ve always loved you...you’ve always been the one for me..I just can’t...i can’t love anyone else like i love you..” Steve cried once he pulled away, whole body trembling as he held his brother in a tight embrace. The younger one of the two couldn’t help but tighten his hold on the blond as well as they both gazed at each other with confused looks. Only snapping their heads when they had noticed someone stepping inside the living room with them.
“Has he eaten yet?” Steve asked as he continued to gesture with his fingers for the sex demon to come near him. “No not yet...i bet the poor things hungry...” Nat replied as she watched in amusement at her friend trying to get the demon to like him. “How about i give you a yummy treat when we get home? We could fill your belly up..” Steve offered with his sweetest smile. In an instant the smaller brunette started crawling towards him, tail swishing nervously from behind as he came near the smiling human. Steve couldn’t help but fall in love with how cute the demon was kneeling in front of him.
I am soooo sorry I haven’t updated in a while...a lot has happened to me recently with the whole situation we’re currently at right now...I’ve been having a tough time trying to get through this all mess since the whole lock down and trying hard to get food on the table when the government hasn’t given us help for the whole lock down...so basically no work no food...hence my writing time gone completely out of zinc since my head is filled with worries...but don't worry I’ll be sure to update more of my stories! Next chapter is about a day or two to be posted! Hope you enjoy...please feel free to comment
When they had arrived, there were already a few people who had already passed out on the front yard or sleeping on the porch. Tony beamed at the scenery feeling so excited as this was his first time being in a senior’s party. He hardly even knew anyone except for a very few people Steve had gotten to introduce him to. “Come on doll let’s go get some drinks at the kitchen..” Bucky said as he leaned in closer to the shorter brunette as the music had gotten louder, Tony nodded at that before he followed where the older teen was pulling him.
The two demons were absolutely beautiful. their eyes incredibly mesmerizing as they blinked up at him. Cheeks naturally tinted, just as the colors of their lips that looked like they were ready to be eaten. Clearly they were brothers as they shared a few similar treats with each other, though Steve could tell the longer haired demon was the older one out of the two. His jaw and cheekbone more sharper than that of the curly haired one. His muscles more leaner and bulkier as well. Steve didn’t miss the way the bigger one was Carefully maneuvering his broader frame, as if trying to hide the smaller one from the blond’s prying eyes. For some strange reason the smaller of the two, had a much softer look on his face. He looked nothing like any demon Steve’s ever since. Even for their kind his face was just too innocent to look like he could actually be what Steve thought he was. No wonder the bigger one was trying to hide him.
When it was finally lunch time, the two sat down on the grass, eating the delicious lasagna Tony had brought. Steve smiling brilliantly as he tried feeding the brunette from his fork. Heart thumping loudly when the smaller teen eagerly opened his mouth to take it. Tony hadn’t even realized that half the students outside were gawking at them, with their mouths wide open as Steve fed Tony more lasagna. Ohhh the envy everyone had as they stared longingly at the hot blond. Why couldn’t that be them Steve was hanging out with. Why didn’t Steve looked at them lovingly like he looked at that Stark nerd. What did he even see in the loser? With his messy curly hair and big framed glasses? A few of the cheerleaders were already narrowing their eyes at the tiny nerd. Who the heck did he think he was stealing the hot Jock’s attention all to himself?.
“Wow! A royal hybrid, never thought I’d live to see the day I’d see one up close..i mean these guy’s are rare! That’s why they cost thousands-or even millions!” Clint gaped as he petted the blond hybrid. Nat staring with amazement as well as she cuddled next to Bucky who was busy grooming her. “Yeah...i saw him
“Tony...I’m so sorry if i ever made you feel like i didn’t love you...i just got so caught up with my own feelings that I didn’t stop to think of yours...” a tear began to fall down the brunette’s cheeks again as he tried to peek at his brother’s face. “I’ve been trying to walk away from you but i keep on stumbling...and I’ve been trying to hide it when it’s so clear that my whole world just crumbles when you aren’t here with me...and i know this is so selfish and stupid but...i love you Tony...i love you so much that if ever you were to go away and i had to say goodbye I’d choke...I wouldn’t be able to let go of you...so please...don't leave me..stay with me and be mine..” Steve begged, eyes red and nose stuffy as he held Tony’s face against his. All the brunette could do was cling to him as tears also trailed his cheeks. “God i love you too Steve..but...but we can’t..we shouldn’t-mmm” Tony was cut off as Steve captured his lips once more. chest aching too much to stop what he was doing, He needed this. He needed Tony. He couldn’t handle the brunette’s rejection as he lunged himself at him. Showing the brunette how much he really meant to him.
“What about you? I mean.. his already with you and you two seem to really hit it off...” Bruce said as he tried to listen to Steve’s heart again. Tony shrugged, “i...i’m not sure if i’m a really good person to take care of him..i’m kind of a really bad person to be with...can’t even take care of myself really..” he admitted. Bruce only nodded before replying “well...i don’t know what you mean cause it seems to me you’ve already proven yourself that your good at this..with him..trust me, there are a lot of people who could of spotted him and not be as considerate as you..and you’d never know..maybe one day he’d be able to take care of you too”
With a small smile, Tony too began undressing his monster of an Alpha. Pulling off the large royal blue robe that Steve had been wearing throughout the day. exposing a wide and muscular chest filled with scars that made the small omega shiver even more at the sight. And before he could even think of doing anything further the Hydra had leaned down to place a kiss on his lips. Making Tony melt as the blond beast had began roaming his body. “Don’t worry..I’ll be gentle..” was all the warning Tony needed when Steve had laid them both on the large futon that was spread on the wooden floor.
And with Steve by Tony’s side. It just seemed so much easier waiting for that person. But what if their friends were right? He knew they were only teasing but..What if their soulmates finally came? Would they really be okay with how close the two were? I mean, they were basically living together, ate together. Even Went to bed together. Which, Tony mostly blamed on himself since he was always the one being clingy. A trait most of his small circle tease him about.
Tony thought as he decided he’d pretend as well that it never really happened, Probably for the best for both of them.
Once he had mounted off his horse the many servants had quickly gathered to help the injured king. But He had asked his servants to take care of his general first as he headed out to find his queen.
After dinner was done Tony asked Steve if they could talk in the living room for a bit. Steve cocked an eyebrow at Tony’s tone and nervous smell he had been carrying since he got home. The hybrid had already guessed something was Bothering the brunette.
Tony huffed at that while looking at the scrawny blond who's ears wear twitching a bit. "He does...i think his been through a lot..." the brunette trailed as he lifted his hand and placed it on top of the blonds head. Petting him gently as he gave off a small purr. "It's a cold night...i didn't really want to leave him out there...not with his condition.." Clint nodded at that, the blond looked very thin and small for his species. He looked like he had had a tough life. Clint felt sorry for him And began wrapping his arms around Natasha's waist as he couldn't imagine letting her go through what the small blond must have gone through. He had Always had Natasha since he was a Little kid, she had been a Christmas present from his parents before they got divorced. Making Nat his only constant companion through all the tough times his had. And since then he had loved her and taken good care of her ever since then.
“Can you believe it? Within two days you will finally be wed to Aldrich Killian! One of the Top Alpha’s in the city!” Maria Squealed with delight, ignoring the look Tony had given her as she passed him by. “Has Steve answered your calls yet mom?” The brunette haired omega asked as he fidgeted with his fingers. His mother frowning at his question as she turned around to answer him. “No he hasn’t dear..hasn’t he contacted your step mother?” Tony just huffed as he sank down his chair. “No...He never called mama Sarah..” he sigh as he stared up the ceiling. It had been three weeks since Tony had called and told Steve of Killian’s proposal of wanting to marry Tony in front of their entire family during a brief business dinner with his Father Howard. It was such a shock to Tony when Killian had suddenly stood up from his chair to announce that he would wish to have Howard’s blessing in marrying his omega son. Tony had been so surprised at the sudden proposal he could only stare in complete shock as he heard his father say with a wide smile how he’d love for Tony to be married to him. The blond Alpha had shouted in delight at the older Alpha’s answer as he bent down to give Tony a heated kiss. Tony could only sit still in his chair when the kiss had ended. Face full of mixed emotions as he listened to his father and somehow new fiancé talk about their marriage. Within the month they would be wed as Howard didn’t want to waste time in marrying his unmated 32 year old omega son off. Maybe the unknown curse would finally be broken. Because for some reason since Tony had turned 23, (the right age to finally be courted and mated) all his suiters had somehow backed away or got into an accident leaving them unfit to marry and have pups with the omega, since usually it was their groins that were most affected.
“I can’t wait to take you now as my husband Tony...you don’t know how happy you’ve made me feel today..” Steve whispered huskily as he bit the brunette’s earlobe. A shiver went through the other’s body at that, making Steve grin as he started playing with Tony’s curls. Glancing a bit at his friend who was busy tracing kisses on his lover’s face. “Thank you again for joining us tonight Thor...you two shall be our witness as we consummate our marriage..” Steve smiled genuinely. Thor glanced back at him as he finished placing a small kiss on Loki’s nose. “We are honored to be your witnesses tonight dear friend...it is tradition to have another royal couple see to it that the wedding night goes well..and we are pleased that you have chosen us Steve” Thor smiled before he glanced at Loki again who was busy pouring a bottle of oil on his hands and spreading it on to the blond’s chest. Steve nodded thoughtful at that as he turned to watch Tony who was also busy rubbing oil on Steve’s broad chest.
However with Tony right now he couldn’t wait to go in and kiss him like how those girls and guys had tried kissing him, Tony seemed pretty eager as well but only because he thought he thought that this was practice for the real thing. Would he even consider this his first real kiss? Before Steve could go any further with what he was thinking he had suddenly placed both his hands around Tony’s face, loving how soft the smaller teen’s skin felt. He could feel Tony tremble a bit but didn’t make any move to get away as he simply smiled nervously at Steve who also smiled nervously at him. “Okay...so...I’m going to lean in now okay?” Steve said as he hesitantly began to lean in, Tony nodded at that as he leaned into Steve as well.
Peter was bright red with all the food, gifts and people that were with him that day. And it really was all because of his older brothers friend, Mr. Steve Grant Rogers. CEO of SHEILDS corp. He hadn’t even known that Tony was close friends with the famous billioner until three weeks ago when Tony had finally introduced them. For half a year he had been wondering where Tony had gotten all those expensive clothes and gadgets. Or the fact that they were able to pay rent now for the past 7 months without worry.
The Alpha was already panicking again as he tried to steady his breathing. Tony wouldn’t leave him, he had to remind himself that. He kept on thinking of how happy Tony would smile at him whenever he’d come home during a hunt. Or how the omega would cuddle close to him after they had made love for the fourth time that night. And how Tony would say his name like it was fine wine when he was staring at Steve with loving eyes. No Tony wouldn’t leave him..he was sure of it.
“Why...” Tony whispered as he shoved his head against the hard chest, “what?...” Steve asked softly as he leaned closer to the smaller teen. “Why do you always do this to me?! Why do you always make it so hard for me...I don’t know what i ever did to you...I don’t..you tell me that you’ll protect me..take care of me..but truthfully you ignore me like I don’t mean anything to you..you go out and leave me all alone waiting for you to get home drunk...and now you get upset that you saw me kissing someone else and then kiss me to ask if i want your kiss more than i want someone else’s..why?! Why?! I don’t understand!” Tony cried as he tried to pull away, eyes closed as he was too ashamed to even look at his brother with tears leaving his eyes. Unsure of what the other would answer.
Was all he could really think about as he nuzzled closer to the blond’s chest. He had questions but they could wait. Right now all he needed was his omega as he buried himself in his arms.
“Did you take your vitamins?” Steve reminded the brunette making Tony roll his eyes as he said a “yes” but still had on a cute grin on his face. “Good...now come on...were gonna be late...” Steve smirked as he held Tony’s hand tight while stepping into the bus. The two always sat at the back with Tony always leaning his head on his older brother’s shoulder, Hands still intertwined together.
“You sure know how to time this” Steve tried to make a joke as he rubbed Nat’s back awkwardly. The read head groaned in frustration. Too weak to even reply to him. But suddenly Mewling when Steve had pressed a sensitive spot on her back. In response To her reaction Steve leaned in and gave her a small nudge on her neck sending her a comforting scent While still rubbing the sweet spot On her back making Natasha shiver and moan. Steve could smell Nat getting more wet and was beginning to feel a bit more awkward as he didn’t think he could get it up for her just like last time. The first time Nat had been in heat when Steve was still knew And small in the apartment, which was After two months after they got to know each other. Clint had asked if Steve could ‘help’ her, Unfortunately he never could. Bruce had said it was probably due to his hormones and body being a bit off and a bit whacked as he was severely malnourished and sick. But over time he had realized that his body was actually reacting to Tony’s scent. Even when he was still tiny, every Time he caught a sniff of Tony feeling a bit aroused he’d go stiff and get hard right away. Unfortunately the brunette always took that time to go to the bathroom to take a shower or do business, whatever that was. And every time the man emerged he was smelling fresh and soapy with no trace of the earlier scent in his body making the blond frown in frustration.
Peter swore he saw Tony’s face grew even redder with what looked like a ‘panic expression on his face’.
Steve immediately snapped up his head at the man who dared interrupt him with his queen. blue eyes narrowing dangerously as he growled at him. “WHAT?!” The man immediately stepped back a bit as his eyes widen at the kings vicious look. “My king...as i keep reminding you we do need-“
Steve smiled widely as he declared the Prince officially his to rule over. The entire kingdom cheered as the King’s bishop finally came near and blessed the king and his new bride’s crown. Giving the two a small formal prayer before  showering them with holy water. Saying that now that Tony had drank the king’s milk he was forever bounded to the Hydra kingdom. Tony stood up as Steve beamed at him with such love and adoration. Glancing a bit at Loki and Pepper for a while. Tony smiled as he watched them stare at him.
The two were inseparable, from the moment they met in college. The two could always be seen next to each other. The gang had loss count on how many times people had mistook them for being soulmates, congratulating them at finding each other while still so young. Only for the two to show them that their wrist don’t actually zinc together as soulmates do. Strangers and friends would laugh at the realization and apologize. Which only made the two idiots snicker with glee.
He had been infatuated by the shy, nerdy teen ever since he had caught him staring at Bucky on the football field. The small teen always had this adorable expression on his face as he looked at Bucky, who didn’t seem to care or notice him that much. Steve had noticed though, he had noticed the way Tony would watch them play from the bleachers, cheering them on with his own little way..he wasn’t like all the other student’s who had been after Steve or Bucky, full of self confidence and eagerness..just to be cool, and get noticed by the entire school. No..Tony never once came near them just so he could get his 20 minutes of fame with them. he never even once shouted at them how much he loved them when they were practicing like all the other’s did. Instead he’d sit in the corner, watching gleefully as the team did their best that day. Steve had even saw the brunette clean up after them on the fields when they had all gone inside. It was adorable how the brunette didn’t want to get noticed by them. Didn’t crave the attention everyone was begging them. that’s when Steve wanted him..the only problem was that he didn’t seem find Steve interesting as he did with Bucky.
Even when he was in heat or Tony was in his rut the two couldn’t help each other. As their parents wanted them to do everything the traditional way. With the two of them not only bonding at the age of 20 but also not mating until then..which was completely stupid since their parents didn’t follow that tradition as well. Honestly he was getting even more impatient in being more intimate with Tony since by the end of the school year he wouldn’t be able to see Tony till after boot camp was over. With a deafeted sigh Steve helped Tony button his shirt, smirking a bit when he noticed the Alpha was still blushing at the thought of Steve’s father watching them.
Steve whimpered when Tony stood up too fast. standing up quickly himself as he followed the brunette to the bathroom. But Tony turned around right away and told him he had some business to attend to. Steve frowned at that as he didn’t know what type of business Tony would be doing inside his bathroom. The brunette had a habit of doing that every time Steve tried to show him how he wanted him. He huffed out his chest as he smelled the faint smell coming off from the bathroom door again. He moaned as he banged his head on the wooden door. Rubbing himself up on the barrier as he tried to sniff the arousing scent that was coming off from the other side of the door. Mewling and groaning as he continued to Grind his hips on the door while he heard the shower go off from inside. “Tony..” he whimpered as he continued to bang his hands on the bathroom door.
A simple “oh” was the only reply the other had given him before going all silent. Making the whole room feel a bit small and awkward for the two boys.
Steve nodded at that thinking he’d be okay staying with Nat for two days..Nat and him had become very good friends over the year and Clint is a really nice guy who always gave him treats. “But if you aren’t cool with it I’m calling the whole thing off..i can just call pepper and tell her-“ Steve placed his finger on the brunettes mouth cutting him off as he gave him a small smile “it’s okay Tony..I’ll be alright..it’s only for two days” Steve reassured him. “But you see that’s the thing! This is the reason why I’ve never accepted projects outside of the city..and now-“ Tony began to babble making Steve smile brighter before nuzzling his face onto Tony’s neck, stopping the brunette from his jabbering. “It’s okay Tony..you should really go..Pepper needs you” and just like that Tony went silent and nodded in agreement, the hybrid always knew what to say.
The deal was that the higher ranked elders would chose one of their kind to protect the village from lower forms that loved to terrorize and hunt humans for no good reason than to feel stronger than they really were, as long as the humans in turn let the their protector chose a sacrifice in return the sacrifice being an omega human which the hydra’s knew were better mates and mother’s to their offsprings than their omega counterparts. Hydra omega’s tended to be very unfaithful thanks to their superior strength over their alpha’s. Tending to leave their alpha and offsprings if they got tired of them or found a more interesting Alpha. Alpha’s didn’t have the pheromones that omega’s had to calm or comfortable a sick offspring. So often when an omega leaves her offsprings they die within a month. Human omega’s however seemed to be better in staying loyal to their hydra mates as they know they wouldn’t survive one minute in the hydra land without the larger creatures protection.  And so the higher ranks agreed to protect the humans as the chosen protector would watch over the village for a period of five years. After that he would have the right to claim one of the village omega’s.
“Best I could do,” Tony grunted as they landed roughly; one of his boot thrusters had given out, throwing him off balance as they went to ground.
“Yeah,” he choked out, his body shuddering with every sob, “so stay with me. I can’t…I can’t lose you. Not again.”
Natasha lay in an unnatural position not too far from him, eerily similar to how she looked in his nightmares. Tony couldn’t bring himself to check whether she was alive or simply unconscious and knew that she wouldn’t want him to, not when Mantis was pulling her to a more sheltered spot and all of their efforts had to go to stopping Thanos as soon as possible.
noticed or had dismissed it because Steve caring about him that way was inconceivable and entertaining that idea was dangerous. He had forgotten how much he loved it even so. He had wanted to make Steve smile like that forever, once.
He had never missed Tony as much as he did then, finally returning home from a war that had felt endless to find out that it was no longer home, not with the person who made it one gone.
He knew that until the day he died that he would never forget what it felt like ramming his shield through Tony’s chest. He would always remember the way the arc reactor crunched under his shield, cracking open in a way that it was never meant to, the way he had known that he would have shattered through bone with frightening ease had he gone any further.
“I—what? Fruit and crackers aren’t fancy!” Tony said, but he was flushed and his retort didn’t have much bite to it.
It’s one of the rare times that Steve wants to talk. Most days, he doesn’t say or do anything beyond what’s necessary to keep the world from descending fully into chaos.
He thought about how he could break Steve open. He had never seen Steve fall apart until he had, when Steve had slammed his shield into him, when Steve had told him that he was his soulmate, and Tony understood, better than he had ever before, that he held an immense, terrible power over Steve. He could rip Steve apart if he wanted to, over and over again. And there would be some callous satisfaction in that, in making someone who never let anyone know he was suffering, who took immense measures not to, break open and bleed. In making him feel a fraction of the pain he felt.
It wasn’t the same, but somehow it felt like déjà vu, the way that he was propped up on one elbow, head pounding, the whole world sliding off its axis.
“Yeah, oh.” Tony laughed. “Did you know what I—never mind, stupid question. Of course you did. I kept blabbing about the cheese all week. And I know that was against the rules, but I felt bad about people bidding on something they didn’t know.”
, he snapped at himself, but the twinge of annoyance evaporated almost as soon as it formed, turning into a fine mist that spread out from and around him, vague and directionless, more simmering, nebulous unhappiness than boiling ire.
, he thought, watching himself at his parents’ funeral, crossing his hands in front of him, decorous in his bereavement but for how he gripped his wrist like an anchor, so that he wouldn’t collapse in front of hundreds of people, so that he wouldn’t surrender to the nausea churning inside him.
He wasn’t going to let himself be the reason why Steve let the world pass him by again. He had seen what came of that with Peggy Carter and with Barnes. He was the result of it.
Or he wouldn’t because of his understanding of its futility. His acceptance that it wouldn’t matter what excuses he gave, how much he pleaded his case, because Steve didn’t care to listen. Because Steve didn’t care about him anymore, other than to hate every atom of him.
A denial sprung to his lips—he didn’t like Tony that way, and Tony winning his auction didn’t mean anything; he was just being nice, and he spent a lot of money on all his friends—but neither Jan nor Patsy showed any indication that they were surprised as though they
Being let in is a privilege. She doesn’t know if she’s won it and lost it or if she’s ever truly earned it in the first place when it comes to him.
talked about this for a while, and a familiar voice came from behind him before he could speak, banishing all thought from his mind.
“He should be there for you too,” Rhodey said, his voice quiet but hard. He hesitated before clasping a hand around Tony’s forearm, inches from his bracelet. The touch grounded Tony, the way it always did. “You deserve better than him."
If he got to Tony this very second, if he immolated himself with all his grief, all his hope, all his love, all the things that he had kept locked up so as not to fall apart to reach Tony
His words came back to him as he hovered in the doorway, tracing every line of Tony’s body, making an inventory of all his injuries, all the ways that he had changed since they had last been together.
He took off his band and held his wrist, pressing the words there with his thumb before rubbing them, an old habit that never failed to comfort him. Sometimes he liked to think that his soulmate could feel him when he did that or that maybe they were doing the same thing at that very moment. The mark was an invisible line stretching across an unknown distance, two tin cans attached to a string except that they couldn’t hear each other.
But at some point, an oppressive hush had fallen outside the shelter, blanketing the world in a terrible, too-still silence.
Steve faced him. For the first time since they met, Tony thought Steve showed all of his hundred years.
And Tony had never stopped wanting him, and that would never change regardless of what he decided to do.
“We all know why. How long have we been talking about this?” Sam shook his head as though he couldn’t deal with Steve making a fool out of himself any longer. “He thinks Tony hung the moon, so of course everyone would want to fight for him. But he won’t make a move even though Tony basically broadcasted his feelings for him during his auction too.”
They were retreading old territory. The familiar ice-cold fear trickled through his veins. He drummed his fingers against the desk, trying to keep it at bay before it punctured his heart.
It was a joke, a petty one, but nothing that either of them couldn’t handle except while Natasha rolled her eyes, a tiny smile betraying her, Steve’s face crumpled before he caught himself and smoothed it out into a stoic mask.
By then it was too late, his shield slicing down too fast to stop. It cleaved the arc reactor in half before he could think of what to do, snuffing out the light that had always glowed so bright and steadfast in all their battles. He could feel how deeply it gouged the chest plate and realized, even with several inches of armor separating them, that Tony’s ribs had to be fractured, if not broken.
“The Nova Corps lost ten of its ships already keeping Thanos and the Black Order from landing on Xandar. There are troops on the ground and in the air and more coming to their aid, but it’s only a matter of time before they reach the Power Stone. He’s come well-prepared,” Thor reported grimly.
There was no sight more beautiful than the one in front of him. Midtown was in shambles, and Tony was in love.
The thing was, he didn’t agree with Rhodey, but maybe it wasn’t about agreeing. And maybe it wasn’t about trying to change what had already happened. No matter how far back he went, there were some things that were outside of his control as much as he hated to admit it.
He reached out, slipping his hand into Steve’s. Steve turned to him in surprise. He had been wrong earlier. There was no sight more beautiful than the one in front of him right now, right at this very moment. A fragile hope was starting to blossom on Steve’s face, his eyes wide with it.
He had a lifetime of preparation, learning to carve out the parts of himself that hurt with more precision after every round. Amputate and the wounds wouldn’t fester; amputate and he wouldn’t get soft with decay and collapse. He had become empty by the time he was in his twenties, and while he had clawed out of that void after becoming Iron Man, old habits died hard and Obie had reminded him that there was wisdom in distance.
“I didn’t know it was going to be cheese,” he said a little more defensively than he would have liked.
It’s fitting that they're the only ones present, meaningful in a way that of all the Avengers, they’re the ones receiving his message. They’re inextricably and eternally tied to Tony, more so than any of the others on the team had been. They’ve known Tony longest. Their lives have been intertwined with his since the beginning. Before the beginning. Before they formed the Avengers, before Tony became Iron Man, before Tony led Stark Industries. In Steve’s case, even before Tony was born.
He hadn't forgotten what Steve had said, but he had chalked it up to a combination of heightened emotions during battle and Steve’s unassailable belief in the concept of soulmates.
“How is he?” Jim asks somberly as she drops her bag onto the couch and then drops onto it next to him too.
Pepper covers her face. There’s a weary quake thinning out her voice that Natasha has never heard before, not even when Tony was dying and she didn’t know what was happening, just that he was behaving erratically and that every day, there were big fires to put out.
Surely if it meant nothing to Tony—which should be the case because he had never shown any sign of interest in Steve before and he flirted with everyone but him—he would have cracked a joke right now.
He went with what he could say, what mattered the most. The only thing that he cared about in the end. He breathed it into existence, hoping it would serve as a ward, a blessing spell.
He told himself that he wasn’t avoiding Steve. He had made no pretenses at friendship; he spoke to him when it was necessary and that was it. That should have been fine. They were teammates. They didn’t need to be anything more than that. He had forgotten all the workplace rules—keep your work life separate from your personal life, don’t shit where you eat—but Siberia and the Accords, Steve’s goddamn letter, were a reminder he wouldn’t forget.
“I lost track of time,” Tony said except that wasn’t entirely true. He hadn’t set out with an end time in mind; he was just going to go until he exhausted himself or stopped feeling so jittery.
He was afraid of allowing himself to love Steve and of Steve loving him back. If Steve accepted his heart, he would have it in his hands, and he knew their strength, their great ability to destroy. He had come close to giving it away, once.
All fight deserted him as he held Tony’s gaze, adrenaline quickly replaced with bone-deep grief and exhaustion. He curled over his shield, over Tony helpless and immobile under him, and shut his eyes tightly, his breaths coming in as rough and uneven as they had when he had gotten his words all those years ago.
Full stop. Nothing else. Just that. Nothing holier-than-thou, nothing I-expected-more-from-you in his voice.
“It’s okay, I don’t need it.” Steve rolled his eyes at Tony’s response, before just wrapping Tony up in the scarf himself.
“Except for when he got bit by a radioactive spider and developed superpowers. And instead of telling us he became Spiderman and would sneak out behind our back, stay out super late, and put himself in extremely dangerous situations while fighting crime.” Steve stated, earning him a glare from his husband.
“No! I swear I’m not. Why would you even think that?! It was one bad trip last night but I swear I had no idea it would happen. And if I did I never would have done it!” Peter exclaimed, tears now in his eyes. He threw himself into Tony’s arms, terrified that he had even made his parents think that it may be true. Tony couldn’t even speak, sobbing from the fear that it could have been, so Steve was the one who continued the conversation.
“Knowing Friday as well as I do, considering I created her and everything, I’m betting she kept track of exactly how much coffee you drank and how much sleep you got. So, you can either come with me to take a break from studying now, and you can eat and watch a movie and take a nap, and then go back to studying after; I’ll even help you study and do a practice exam with you if you’d like. Or, I can ask Friday exactly how much coffee and sleep you’ve had the past few days, and if you’ve had more cups of coffee than you have hours of sleep, then you’ll be taking a break until after school tomorrow so you can catch up on sleep and get some of the caffeine out of your system.” Isabel looked at him wide-eyed as he finished speaking.
“I mean, you know I got crossed, but other than that I’m not really sure,” Peter mumbled. “I’ve never done it before, but I was curious about it, so Ned said he could get some alcohol and I stole a little bit from Uncle Bruce and we tried it. I had no idea what happened last night though was possible.”
“Don’t worry,” Steve interrupted Tony’s train of thought, “We can make them sit and watch movies with us for the rest of the day to make up for not seeing us all weekend.” Tony laughed, like the sound of the idea.
Tony, still shaking, nodded a little, as he tried to follow Steve’s breathing. This lasted less than a minute, as Tony started to hyperventilate, and tried to curl into a ball, pulling away from Steve.
They had been watching a movie in the communal living room when it happened. It was just the two of them left in the tower. Tony was lounging on the couch, while Steve sat in an armchair situated close to said couch. Tony was fine; he really was as far as Steve could tell. He had one panic attack in the morning, and it was already mid-afternoon and another one was nowhere to be seen.
Valentines Day wasn’t a day that Steve and Tony usually put a lot into. They made sure to spend it together if they could, but sometimes Steve had to be on a mission, or Tony had to be somewhere else for Stark Industry stuff, and usually it was more about having fun with it for the kids, so neither of them put a ton of weight on it in their relationship.
The water that had gently brought him to land would retreat, dragging the few pieces of dream detritus that had washed up with him back into the ocean, too swift for him to grab ahold of the remnants.
“I know he wants to help and we need as many people as we can get, but this isn’t some back-alley fight. This is war. We shouldn’t have called him up.”
The sun was almost completely gone now. The world was in monochrome, everything awash in shades of blue and black, and Tony’s face was shadowed. For the first time Steve had known him like this, he looked distant, unreal, a part of the past Steve couldn’t reach.
Tony used to say sorry or try to explain himself in the face of Steve’s ire because he wanted Steve by his side through everything. Loved him through everything. Steve knew that. Had proof of it even if they had never spoken about it. Steve’s lungs had stayed spotless through all their disagreements, through the fight over the SHRA, as healthy as they had been ever since he got the serum, and he had cursed himself for it, despaired over it, and then been thankful for it, that his love for Tony had never left him. If there were no flowers, Tony wasn’t out of reach. There was hope for them yet, however much it dwindled day by day as they remained divided, until he had forgotten what the absence of flowers meant because absence was so easy to overlook.
Tony was fiercely glad that Steve was still looking straight ahead. Happiness surged through him like electricity and strangely fear as well.
He had lost all sense of orientation, couldn’t tell what was left or right, up or down; the only direction he knew was straight ahead, the shivering needle in him calling Steve his true north.
He closed the lid on that memory, watching Steve speak, rigid as though one false move would shatter him.
“He’ll find a way to sneak in. I took his suit away before, when he put himself and other people in danger because he got too in his head, and he...” He faltered, the regret still stinging. “I almost got him killed because he tried doing the right thing anyway, suit or no suit. He won’t stay away if people need help even if I try to baby-proof everything, Steve. I’ve
He knew Steve was right. There wasn’t any point, not after the war. It was a useless exercise, trying to bullshit and convince the other person that they were okay when nothing and nobody was. All those walls, all those pretenses that they had kept up all these years to, what, show that they didn’t need each other? Show that they cared but hide exactly how much? To avoid getting hurt?
The last time he had was at the Expo. He had watched Bucky salute him and leave with their dates and thought that that was it, that he was on his own for real now, at least until he managed to make his way into the army. He had rubbed at the band around his wrist then, comforted by its familiar weight and smooth texture. Even without taking it off, he had been able to picture his soulmate’s handwriting in his mind, the words that they would say to him in the future as clear as if they had been photographed.
Give me a solution. Show me something that I didn’t think of before. A different angle. You’re always good at that,
The pain had been razor-sharp, but bright like electricity coursing through him, changing every atom of his being.
a teen. She has to be a little annoying. I say so as your resident expert on spoiled rich kids. Not to mention, I saw her troll her poor, unsuspecting brother in front of the Dora. She and Peter are going to get on like—ouch!” Rhodey had dug his elbow into his ribs and given him a look. “Okay, sorry. Sorry. No joking about princesses, got it. She’s not annoying."
Steve exhales wetly, and Natasha is startled to find him crying when she lifts her head. He makes no motion to wipe his face when she does, and she’s at a loss as to how to respond. She has never seen him like this. His sadness was the kind that deadened, not the kind that cut into the meat of someone and ripped them open, leaving them naked and confused and scared by its wildness.
She had wanted to pull Steve out of there; it was no place for the living and despite all odds, despite how Steve may have felt, he wasn’t dead yet. But all she managed to do was open the door an inch and wriggle through the crack, letting some light and air follow her in, hoping that would be enough to coax him out.
“Hi boys…up early as usual i see?” Pepper greeted with the sweetest smile anyone could see. Scent right away filling the room as Steve tried not to breath. Because at that moment he could smell the alpha’s scent start to change as well. The two shared a short kiss in front of the omega as they both started to talk about Tony’s company. Pepper scolding the smaller man as she ran about stock sales. There was no hiding that Tony’s girlfriend wasn’t just pretty. But also smart and witty. It was no wonder the brunette had asked her to be his girlfriend. She seemed like the complete package.
The date had ended on a smooth note as Tony had handed Steve every information of him he could give. The blond had looked very pleased with the questions Tony had answered, even being so kind enough to pay for Tony’s meal even though it wasn’t even a real date. When they had stepped outside of the diner Tony’s eyes widen when he realized Steve had brushed his hands against him. A blushed spread on Tony’s cheeks as he felt Steve’s hand slowly intertwined with his. “Um...Steve...?”
Tony's chest ached as he didn't know why he still (even in death) seemed to disappoint his Father. He loved Steve, truly he did. But he felt like an even more disappointment if he bent down and Married the man who had betrayed his father.
But before the words could leave his mouth Steve’s phone had started ringing from the bathroom across the hall where he had left it. Tony whined when Steve had stopped and immediately stood up to rash towards his phone.
No..he couldn’t let that happen..Thor couldn’t take Tony’s love away from him.. Tony was his..as he was Tony’s. Yes..he had to show Thor who Tony really loved..who really loved Tony. With a fierce look Steve promised he’d let Thor know who truly belonged with Tony.
Clint was about to open his mouth when Thor had suddenly interrupted him. “Back in Asgard, we alpha’s are known to take absolute good care with our mates. Seeing as Steve is nowhere in sight…i believe it would be best if me and my brother were to…..help. In this situation.” Thor explained. Hands slowly reaching out to touch at the moaning omega’s side as Loki continued to play with his nipples.
Tony could only pray to God that Steve wasn’t kidding when he said that the walls really were soundproof .
“Ugh...r-right...i guess I really do need to go home..” Sunset groaned as she stood up with an angry frown. Sharon had waved her goodbye before looking back at Steve who was too busy staring at a blushing Tony. A vain had appeared on her forehead at that before clearing her throat to get the blond’s attention. “So have you two ordered yet? The place is really jammed pack but since Peggy’s boyfriend works here we can ask him to take your order, He’ll give it to ya faster since your with me!” Sharon offered. “Thanks Shar...i know i could always count on you...” Steve winked as he thank her. She beamed at that before calling Daniel who instantly came near them. When Steve and Tony had finished giving their orders Sharon had lean against Steve again. “So Steve...i was wondering if you could help me out with physics this weekend I’m kinda having trouble..” Sharon asked cutely as she twirled her hair. “Oh! You should let Tony help you out...he’s actually pretty smart..” Steve offered making Sharon frown at him. “Oh you know what? Never mind i think Sam can help me instead..”She said with a sigh.
Steve had on a wide smile as he started unloading the logs that he had gathered on his small cart from across the woods from his cottage. It was already mid day when he arrived Hot, sweaty and hungry. he had headed out before sunrise to find a good tree to cut down. After taking out the last of the logs from the cart Steve had realized Tony hadn’t come out to greet him yet like the human usually did since they had started living together in his cottage.
“So you’ll come watch the game this Friday right?” Steve asked as they continued to walk, hands still at Tony’s shoulder. The shorter teen nodded at that as he held his glasses in place. “Good...good..and um, also your going to be watching me practice this afternoon as well..” Steve trailed as he continued to look away from the brunette. Tony’s eyes widen a bit as he glanced at the taller teen. “You m-mean...I’m going to watch you and Bucky later?...wait w-what if he see’s me w-with you?” Tony stuttered as he thought it would be harder to get the brunette to like him if he thought that Tony was with Steve. The blond hummed at that for a bit before glancing down at him. “Then we just give him a good show...you know Bucky really likes a challenge, if he see’s you with me..he’ll have to notice you more..” Steve explained. Right, right..wow Steve really knew what he was doing.
Before he could wonder any further Steve had captured the demons lips, and wow..they were so soft. So kissable that Steve couldn’t help but lean closer, large hands instantly pinning smaller ones as he pressed the tiny demon on his back. Loving how submissive Tony was being as the tiny demon didn’t even try to pry his arms away from him. Instead letting Steve hover above him as the human started placing kisses on his neck. A shiver ran down the blond’s body as he couldn’t believe how delicious Tony’s skin was. It was like sucking a  lollipop. So smooth and sweet that Steve hadn’t realized that he had managed to bruise the whimpering demons skin. Had he been sucking that hard at Tony’s neck?
"I am very happy to have you be the one to have captured me from my kingdom then..." Loki whispered as he felt Thor's hands start to Caresse his waist. "As am i..." Thor hummed.
But before Tony could open his mouth as he opened the door, Steve and Peggy had stumbled to the floor. Both laughing and giggling as Tony stared at them with wide eyes. The two had managed to stand up with Sam shouting an apology to Tony for bringing his brother home late. Tony had snapped his head at that, turning to give the two seniors a quick glare fixed with a cute pout that made the two boys blush and giggle inside the car like the drunks they were. When Tony had turned his attention back to Steve and Peggy again he realized the two had managed to get up and stumbled into the living room couch.
With a sigh their uncle sat down on one of the armchairs as he gestured for the two to do the same. Once Steve and Tony were seated on the couch across from Fury. The older man finally shook his head. feeling the disappointment and humiliation Tony couldn’t help but ramble how sorry they were. Only stopping when their uncle raised his hand again, gesturing for him to stop. “There’s really nothing you two need to be sorry about...i mean yeah i guess you should be sorry..but then again...i already saw this coming..i had told them that this would happen...ever since your parents introduced you to each other...you two just couldn’t keep your hands off each other, especially you Steve..your parents always thought that it was just friendly affections...but i knew better than that..you two were head over heels for each other...i told them...they never listened...” Fury finished with as he rested his head on the soft sofa.
“Come on Loverboy..you’ll get him back..” Natasha smirked as she playfully bit his ear. Well..at least he has Nat..
Tony chuckled when Bucky started giving pointers to Steve on becoming a father. The blond Alpha was suddenly very nervous at the thought that he might not be a good enough dad like the other Hydra was. Tony had to rest his head at Steve’s side as he reassured him that he’d be a great dad..just like how he was already a good mate to Tony. That had seem to do the trick as Steve immediately relaxed and gave Tony a warm smile before leaning in to whisper a thank you while wrapping his tentacles lovingly around him. The omega leaned even more as well, smiling as he felt the tentacles Tighten around him. he always loved it when Steve ravished him with them.
Wait, what? Tony slapped himself mentally as he must of misread that. Steve would never look at him like that. He must of been seeing things from his over worked eyes.
Steve couldn’t help but smile as the short alpha from across the table made funny faces at him. It was still very early in the morning as the two exchanged morning jokes and friendly insults. A rush of blood would go up Steve’s cheeks as he’d watch the sun’s rays start to enter the stark tower kitchen. Tony always looked good in the mornings. Hair messy as ever from staying up late in the lab. Large brown eyes gazing lazily at the blond as he sips his coffee.  Yes, it was a beautiful mission free day. That is, until.
This however, was super unexpected as he was now celebrating his 17th birthday at the CEO’s very own mansion. Surrounded by all his friends from school. It all felt so unreal that he was actually having an awsome pool party in one of the riche’s homes in Manhattan.
“So...should i still call Sam?” She teased, earning a glare from the blushing blond who immediately pressed the startled incubus tighter against him.
Steve really was a good person if he was willing to do all this just so that Tony could be a proper boyfriend material for Bucky, which also made Tony think of how a loyal friend Steve is if his willing go through all this with Tony just so his best friend wouldn’t be sad anymore. Maybe this was why Steve was so popular, well..aside from his incredibly gorgeous face, amazing physic and tone abs. Tony had a daze look on his face as he stared unconsciously at the living work of art next to him.
It was the bonding spell. All throughout his body he was feeling the magic of the bond start to flow inside him. Every vain burning like he was lit on fire. Trembling a bit, he glanced to check the small demon have a pained look on his face. Steve hoped Tony was alright since it was always worst for the demons, since they were the ones who were taking more of the spell’s hit. The blond could watch as the other trembled near him. skin burning with a yellow glow as he was becoming Steve’s personal demon, invisible strings connecting his body to Steve’s. Once this bonding was done, Tony would forever be his as the his name will appear in the demon’s paper. Which Fury will give them once everything is done.
No sight irritated him more than the sight of his soon to be Queen gaping at another. Especially one that had spent half her life with him. He glared at her as she swallowed hard, trembling for her pathetic life.
The two royal guards who stood on opposite side's of the Throne room's door, glanced at each other with silent knowing looks as groans and muffled moans escaped through the slightly opened door. The king made sure for all the kingdom to hear of the Prince's pleasures coming from him. As he let the guards open up all the windows in the throne room before he ordered them to step outside and leave the Doors slightly open.
“Thank you for the birthday party Tony” Steve purred before nudging his nose against Tony’s. A blush spread on the brunettes face as he felt himself get hard down there. Steve could be such a tease sometimes and the Blond didn’t even know it. In a heart beat Tony carefully pushed the Hybrid off of him and quickly got up trying to ignore the bulge in his pants as possible.
On the first day of Summer Steve and Tony had rented a cozy cottage with two rooms in the middle of the woods for a week with their friends. The two wanting to spend as much time together before Steve goes to boot camp. Clint a beta had teased the two numerous times that they should just get on with it whole they were all away from their overbearing parents. the blond beta would always get a smack from Natasha, a red head Alpha who just like Tony wasn’t a knot-head like all the other Alpha’s in school. Bruce and Thor would then teased the beta and alpha of how perfect they would be together. Making the two very uncomfortable. Steve thought it was cute since Nat for some reason also shared Tony’s shyness when it came to Clint. That was one of the reasons Steve loved being around the redhead alpha. She didn’t feel she had the right to claim or belittle anyone just because she was an alpha.
So NO..he couldn’t afford to wait that long to be claimed by Tony. Not when every freaking omega they meet wants to get their hands on the adorable alpha. and what really pissed him was that he wasn’t as capable of defending his Alpha from those omega’s. Not with his weak and pathetic excuse of a body anyways. Call him insecure because he really was..but every time he’d get a glimpse of another more healthier omega coming near Tony, he’d have this sinking feeling that they’d actually have the chance to snatch Tony from him. That’s why he had made it his mission to get his sick body in order. he had already asked his mother for help on that, the omega mother supporting him enthusiastically.
“You should really tell your brother about us…” Wade breathed with a sad smile. “I will…i just need some time…it’s just not easy telling someone else about…”
The two would of gone further if they hadn’t heard their friends coming. The two instantly backing off each other as Bruce finally reached them. The omega panting as he shouted at the other’s that he’d found the two love birds.
Sam had sat down next to Loki at that point. Eyes filled with hunger as he bit his bottom lips. Making Loki growl at him  before nibbling on the omega’s earlobe. Tony mewl in approval. Leaning into the sweet feeling. Giving Thor a chance to place tender kisses on his neck. A starttled groan escaping his lips when he felt something warm and inviting suddenly devour his already harden cock.
“My king...” Tony smiled, “my Queen..” Steve breath as he leaned over to give his lovely wife a quick kiss. Tony relished in the soft kiss before  finally gasping and worrying at the deep wounds that covered the kings body. All while dangerously Blue eyes kept glancing at the man standing behind his wife.
Steve pouted as he glanced every now and then at his master who was busy twirling his fingers around blond hair. Long blond hair, that wasn’t his. The hybrid had stumbled back into the brunette’s lap again when Tony had sat down. Steve stiffened at the sight and wanted to pull the hybrid away and snuggle next to HIS master. But Tony had told him to share and behave himself. The look Tony had given him was enough to make the hybrid want to hide and cry. Tony had looked so disappointed in him, and he had never  once made Tony feel that way about him. It was all that stupid Thor’s fault. If he would just stop clinging to Tony like he was Tony’s hybrid, Steve wouldn’t be so pissed off.
the small ceremonial bond had ended with Steve biting the small omega’s gland bond. Releasing as much of his venom and scent into the small omaga’s body as best as he could. Making Tony whimper and release his now bounded mate’s scent around him. Protecting him from other alpha’s of all types and low level creatures that wouldn’t think twice of killing or playing with him in the black forest if he didn’t have Steve’s scent. After Steve was pleased with his newly bonded omega’s scent. He then bowed down on the temple floor as he finally unbounded himself from the village grounds. The mark on his chest finally disappearing as he finally stood up to his full height from the holy grounds, Towering over his human mate and the two village elders who’s heads only reached his chest. His time here was done and there was nothing left for him to do than take his prized omega and go back into the dark forest.
Steve gave a short nod. He put his hands in his pockets as though he didn’t know what to do with them. “I won’t keep you.”
She’s afraid to jump to conclusions however likely they may be, to hope, but Tony’s always been the promise of it, of Houdini-esque escapes and victories against the unbeatable, of something better to come. Hope personified.
“No, Tones has a thing for kids who are too smart for their own good.” He glances at the untouched beer before adding, lightly like it’s a joke and lightly like he’s afraid of hurting her, “I wonder why.”
By the time he landed back at the compound in the middle of the night, Tony felt nothing. Fury, which had raged untamed, had been mostly extinguished in the wake of Steve’s departure, and the flight over the Atlantic was long and solitary enough to extinguish the last embers that remained. He was a forest razed to the ground by wildfire. Barren. Inhospitable.
It was old hat by now, this cycle of betrayal and abandonment. Let someone in. Let someone go. Rinse and repeat.
“Someday, someone will choose you, Tony,” she had said, her hands back to cupping his. “And no one, not your father, not anyone, can ever take that from you.”
Something shifted in the air, atoms coming apart and rearranging almost imperceptibly, and he heard Tony suck in a shaky breath.
He peered out at his city from his perch and bled out of his own skin, dissolving like watercolor, until he wasn’t Steve Rogers anymore—he was New York. He was all the matchbox cars lined up far below him in the streets, all the mismatched buildings and bridges standing proud and strong, all the jewel-like windows sparkling back at him. He was brick and stone, steel and glass. He was lights blinking on, lights that had stayed on throughout the night. He was every single person in this city waking up, turning in after a late night, sleeping in, and sleeping on in these dewy beginning hours.
They had done it. By fighting side by side, by preparing, by listening. By never giving up. And this was the result. Broken and in pieces but still there.
He supposed he shouldn’t have fixated on that when there was so much else Steve was and wasn’t saying, but if he were Steve’s soulmate, Steve would mention it, wouldn’t he? He had the right to know. Especially now, after everything.
He couldn’t be sure either way, he told himself, not when he had so little to go on. Just six letters in total—nothing like Bucky’s mark, eight words in two rows across his wrist, a dark band nearly an inch thick.
A sigh shuddered out of them both, a shared exhale that trembled between them until Tony placed a hand against the blackened star on his chest and it broke, returning to their lungs a ragged sob.
She wonders how he can believe that. Oxygen’s running dangerously low for Tony if it hasn’t run out already.
There were so many words that had been unsaid between them, that had died unborn in his mouth because he had been too afraid. He didn’t want to regret not saying them anymore.
“This feels like Afghanistan all over again. We’re just missing takeout from Dynasty Kitchen.” She smiles humorlessly at the bottle of beer, picking it up and rubbing the ridges of the cap but not popping it off.
“I didn’t—I don’t want to hurt you.” Yet again, he wanted to touch Tony and this time, he let himself. He cupped the side of Tony’s face, getting as close to him as he could without going through him, and made to smooth his thumb across his cheek. “I don’t know if you’re ready, but I thought maybe...”
“I knew it,” Steve said, low and disappointed. No, not disappointed. Dismayed. He sounded as if he wished he were wrong, as if he didn’t want to see Tony this way.
“It was worth it,” Steve said, and he had to believe that, had to believe enough for the both of them because Bucky deserved to be safe and he had nothing else.
He marveled at the tips of Steve’s ears flushing before Steve looked up and then at the discomfort on his face once they were face-to-face again. He had never seen him this uncomfortable before, not even when he cracked a lewd joke just to see how he would react.
It could be enough to stop Tony, in a twisted way. He could be enough to stop Tony. Tony’s love for him could kill him before he went too far. Bring him to his knees and make him gag up flora, clog his respiratory tract and suffocate him, flowers avalanching until he was buried alive under a love that he had cultivated to murder himself.
“Hey, handsome. Fancy seeing you here,” Tony said. He spoke casually, almost lazily, but his eyes were bright and alert with happiness.
Sam gaped at him. “That’s all Tony’s been talking about for ages! What did you think the mystery item was?!”
“Do you know you love him?” she wanted to ask before and on the run and when the team split over the Accords and when Tony stepped down after Ultron. When they said their goodbyes, lingering on the grounds, not too far from where they are now. When they shared a room without fuss at Clint’s house, still gravitating towards each other despite their anger and distrust. All the way back to when they brought down a leftover Hydra base, the first time the team was a cohesive unit, every piece snapping into place, each of them a part of a seamless whole.
There were too many for his liking. He couldn’t leave Steve alone to deal with them. He shifted his stance, digging his feet into the ground, his back against Steve’s until Steve turned around.
He couldn’t be so fucking maudlin. He couldn’t wallow in self-pity. Rhodey needed him. Vision needed him. He had to pull himself together before Rhodey got discharged from the hospital. He could fool Vision. That was easy; there wasn’t any precedent for his behavior in Vision’s memory. But he could never fool Rhodey as much as he wanted to, and Rhodey didn’t need this right now. Rhodey's pain was real. It existed outside of his head unlike his. Tony couldn’t make him worry by moping over a broken heart like some stupid teenager on top of everything too.
Love, he thought, holding Tony close to him and breaking, finally, as Tony returned the embrace, tightly like no one could make him let go, like he was afraid someone would rip Steve away from him. He buried his face in Tony’s hair, his breath hitching as Tony shook in his arms, great sobs racking his entire body.
But Steve was right that he was running himself into the ground, and if he pushed himself too far, he would negatively affect their efforts. They couldn’t afford that.
“Or Roseanne’s,” Natasha says. She and Pepper ordered pizza too many times to count during their all-nighters, trying to do damage control for SI, to wrest the impossible and insurmountable into submission. She quashes the feeling that she’s interrupting something private as she walks to the couch and places a hand on Pepper’s shoulder. “We did it before,” she says quietly, but it comes out more unstable than she likes, a note of doubt diluting her confidence.
Sam used to say that it was important to maintain routines when grieving, to have a shred of normalcy when things were nowhere near normal. He made sure to remind them of that when the days melted from one to the next and they drifted from place to place.
He supposed that was why he let Steve examine his hands. They both spent long hours in the lab and gym on bad nights. Some days, he would walk by on the way back up to his floor and see Steve by himself in the large gym, lifting heavier weights than even the strongest man in the world could hold or sprinting at full speed, the way he couldn’t on the streets or at the park.
There was so much damage. It would take years to fix everything, but Tony had no doubt in his mind that they would eventually be able to do so, with the systems set in place and all the teams involved.
Tony’s jaw dropped. “Wait, that’s why you’ve been acting weird lately? You paid that much money because you wanted a date with me?”
Jerking away or excusing himself would have been pathetic so he stayed where he was as Steve leaned against the railing next to him, observing several Avengers jog outside on the grounds below, Peter outstripping them all, running too fast. Someone should tell him to take it easy before he ran out of steam, Tony thought, but then Peter skidded to a stop and gestured enthusiastically at Shuri, who sat under a tree with a tablet in hand, as if asking how he did.
Their plants have been tended to, upright and healthy even in their absence, and Natasha’s weapons cache is as spotless as she left it, not a mote of dust in sight.
She rushes to him before her mind catches up to her body, breathing him in once Rhodey and Bruce have greeted him. He’s frail in her arms, made brittler when he stiffens in surprise. For a second, a grid of ugly black lines flashes in her mind, and she recalls his flesh sinking beneath the puncture of her needle, feverishly hot and malleable.
There was more he could have added, a tease about him being the prettiest nurse he ever had, something facetious to return everything to the status quo, but that desire to understand what Steve meant stopped him.
“I guess I’m used to it,” he replied, but both of them knew what the other was saying between the lines. A lifetime later in a world much different from the one they had last been in together, they still understood each other so well.
Thirty hours without sleep and Tony had been about to shake out of his skin. It was as if he had been stretched out, his body taut for hours with stress and unease until he snapped, and he had vibrated, vibrated, vibrated, little more than a blur, moving so fast and with such force that he was going to tremble past the lines of his body, fracturing them, uncontained and near invisible because of the strength and speed of his trembling. He was a buzz in physical form, the sound of it, the sensation of it, the movement—he was an intersection of shifting black strokes scribbled one on top of the other, dark, violent, and loud.
“Pretending we’re fine, like we don’t know why the other person’s in the kitchen at four in the morning when we’ve done this before. I know why you’re here; it’s why I am. There’s no reason for us to keep doing this. But we do.”
He imagined Tony turning into golden starlight, the same exact brilliance of the waterproof sparklers he had gifted Steve on Steve’s last birthday before he had died. The ones that he had spent months perfecting because it had rained on Steve’s birthday the year before, and all they had was lightning for fireworks.
This Tony, the one that stood in front of him, smiling brightly with the whole of Manhattan waking up behind him…only Steve got to see this.
The feeling was intimately familiar now, but at the time he had assumed that he fell on his arm the wrong way when he had passed out, until he turned over his arm like he did now and—
He got up again, scanning his surroundings wildly. Dozens of Chitauri were strewn across the ground, and Tony would have been impressed by the body count had it not been for the pressing matter at hand.
Steve squeezed Tony’s shoulder again before letting it go. He picked up the plate, pushing it to Tony’s chest so that Tony instinctively grabbed it before his mind could catch up. “Get some rest,” he told Tony firmly.
“It’s not like last time,” Pepper replies, and it hurts more than it should, but the pain eases when she explains, “We have you, Bruce, Steve, and Thor, Carol and Rocket…the whole world. Tony’s got all of us trying to get him back. We’re not doing this alone.”
And Peggy looked at him sometimes when she thought he wasn't looking too, understood him in a way no one, not even Bucky, did, and that had to count for something. Or at least he hoped it did.
Fact number one: Tony’s running on grief and fumes, haggard and sallow enough that he looks like he died and was resurrected moments ago.
, Tony had said before everything erupted into chaos, before all Steve could think of was to stop him, and Steve knew with a terrible conviction, without knowing exactly how, that they were his words, that this time was different from all the other times he had heard them.
Steve tensed as though he were readying himself to say something or keep Tony from going, as though he had expected Tony to stay longer, but in the end he stayed still but for a subtle, aborted jerk forward that Tony ignored.
“You’re my soulmate,” Steve said softly, and something deep inside that Tony now realized he hadn’t properly buried fell apart at the confession. He had waited so long to hear someone say that, for Steve to say that. Had imagined what it would be like for it to happen.
“Because all those years, I was lost and you gave me everything. And even when I held myself back, I was happy. I was home.”
His wrist was smooth and untouched, his mark just as dark and crisp as it had been the night he had gotten it.
“I’m not trying to pick a fight. I…I don’t want to see him get hurt or worse, that’s all. Maybe we can have him on rescue or evac, keep him far from the front lines.”
“There’s no time,” he snapped, but it came out more despairing than acerbic. “There’s no time,” he repeated. His hand was trembling, though whether it was out of fatigue or anxiety, he didn’t know. He put down his fork. “I knew it was going to happen quickly, but not this fast. What if I—” He couldn’t bring himself to finish.
“No,” Steve answered thoughtfully. “But I wouldn’t want you to be any different either. If soulmates didn’t exist, I would’ve fallen in love with you anyway.”
Simple. Straightforward. Something that fixed the problem at heart even if it didn’t fix everything.
“What are you doing? Put your bag down and let’s go. We’re late for dinner and I’m starving,” Sam complained.
The video blinked out, a black screen replacing Thor and his colorful team. Thor’s news didn’t come as a surprise as they had long suspected that the Power Stone would be one of Thanos’s first targets due to its proximity and known whereabouts, but it was the speed that was shocking. Thor was right. They had to act quickly and, as plans mutated with every battle, make decisions on the fly with precision, a hard thing to do due to the scope of the war and number of players involved and made all the more difficult when any wrong move could have catastrophic consequences.
Weariness settled over Steve, softening his features, as though he had, despite his initial reaction, long since resigned himself to this outcome. “It doesn’t. But that doesn’t change the fact that you’re my soulmate either.”
There. Ten clicks away. An outcrop of rubble. It was exposed, and there was a horde of Chitauri too close for his liking, but it was a smaller group than the ones they had passed and he couldn’t push the suit any farther.
But it was futile, trying to provide assurance. Cold comfort. He knew how Tony felt even though it was irrational. Thanos would have called the culling fair and objective, but it wasn’t. Not when he had cheated death time and time again, not when he always survived and others didn’t, and not when Sam and Bucky and T’Challa, Wanda and Vision, and all those who had died hadn’t had a chance.
Tony sank his nails in, making them bite down hard so that they grew pale, long enough to puncture his skin. Blood welled around the crescents. There should have been an accompanying sting as the skin rolled up under his nails, but he hadn’t developed BARF enough to feel physical pain that didn’t happen. Hadn’t developed it because that wasn’t its purpose, because that was the opposite of its purpose. The disconnect between his senses left a sour tang in his mouth, curdling the feral desperation that had pumped through him only a moment ago. Malaise trickled down his spine like the runnels of beer-sweat and melted snow that soaked his T-shirt.
The words came in as Steve dragged himself home from the game, sharp enough to make him gasp and clutch his left wrist. It was one of those sweltering July evenings where the cover of dusk did little to alleviate the humidity and the heat left him groggy and slow, but the unexpected pain cleared the fog from his mind. He dealt with pain often enough that he was almost used to it, but this was different, unfamiliar and needlepoint precise as it lanced straight through him down to his marrow.
Not for the first time, Natasha’s forced to confront just how little she knows about Tony Stark. She’s sorry, not the way that she was back when she wanted to apologize to Tony for seeing only what he wanted her to see when writing her report. She’s sorry for herself. It’s a rare feeling. But she’s known Tony for nearly a decade, and she thought that she would know him better by now.
“But this is the one where it does. It means we have a chance,” Steve said. And as Steve did, he found himself believing in it. All of them had sleepwalked through the past few days, going through the motions mechanically as they struggled to come to terms with what had happened, but the hope that had fluttered awake inside him with Tony’s return grew stronger with his words. For the first time since Thanos had left Earth victorious, he was filled with a sense of renewed purpose.
Distance sanded down dissonance to something smoother and more pleasant, and everything came to a standstill, allowing him to look past Midtown’s boisterousness and see what most people didn’t: the beauty unappreciated or never fully appreciated under that rowdy bravado.
Statistically, it was highly likely that that would happen—but his gut told him otherwise, told him that he would get to meet his soulmate one day, and he had always trusted his instinct.
“Where’s Tony?” he asks, feeble in a way they’ve never seen him before, and for the second time in minutes, all Natasha can do is watch her loved ones fall apart, Steve, Jim, and Bruce caving in from the fatal hit.
His voice is tight with an earnest and urgent desperation as if he waited months to say something he wasn’t sure that he would be able to, as if he now has a small window to do so before he loses his chance forever.
Dum Dum whistled and clapped a hand on his shoulder, and Steve couldn’t help but laugh even as Dum Dum waved away all mentions of Howard and lab tests.
Steve hadn’t known whether Tony had his words—but he had shown him that it didn’t matter anyway. Had shown him that he didn’t need something in return, that he would be there for Tony, that he would try to atone for the past and do better in the present, regardless of whether or not he belonged to Tony and before he had found out that he did.
“Steve, America was one of the last bidders standing. America,” Sam said at the same time Patsy exclaimed, “You thought I was fighting for
Tony had been prepared for the situation and knew that despite the measures they put into place, there would be huge casualties, destruction on a scale that he had never seen before. Still, it was daunting and left him scrambling, feeling like everything was spinning out of control.
Tony looked virtually the same as he did then, honeyed skin and easy smile, handsome in a coltish way. As he ambled over, he ran his fingers through his unruly hair like he had done in high school, a gesture that he did by habit and most likely wasn’t fully aware of. The familiarity of the movement made Steve breathless with heartache. He wanted to reach out and touch Tony, to hold him in his arms like he used to and breathe him in, but he kept his hands at his sides instead.
But of all the backups, he chose that one and Natasha knows it’s because of all the suits Tony made him, that one was made for SHIELD, tailored to their specifications. Commissioned work rather than a gift.
Bloodthirsty aliens, scattered Avengers, limited resources and time—everything that had to do with war, he had accounted for. What he hadn’t planned for was the dread keeping his feet locked in place, preventing him from entering a room in the compound that was more his home than it had been most of the group’s in the past two years or, in some cases, ever.
The way that he had been able to finally process what had happened because Tony gave him the time to do so on his own terms.
The bidding war had started almost immediately, the numbers jumping up second by second. Steve wasn’t going to bid, wasn’t going to do anything that made it obvious just how sweet he was on Tony like blurting out an extraordinarily high bid, but Tony had seemed taken aback by how fervent the bidding was and how many people were bidding on him—by the
He's standing strong at the airport, his voice breaking, allowing it to break, allowing them to see how much they mean to him, how much he needs and wants Steve at his side.
Because this was the terrible, inescapable truth: he loved Steve, had fallen in love with Steve long before Steve had said his word—and in doing so, placed his faith in a man who may have never existed.
Before he got his words, he would spend hours looking at his wrist, imagining the letters appearing one by one like his soulmate was writing across his skin, talking to him from far away. He would try to guess what they would say that was so important that they would mark him forever.
“I made a mistake, but it was never because I didn’t trust you. You always kept your end of the bargain. I haven’t been so great at that,” Steve said quietly. “But I’d like to do better, to try and show you that I was serious about what I said, if you’d let me.”
He wanted to throw himself at Steve. Get one last shot in, push him as hard and as far away as he could. Leave as permanent of a scar on him as Steve had left on his wrist.
he had bought for him on his nightstand, an Iron Man bookmark sticking out of it like a bright red tongue. Flung the file into a desk drawer in Steve’s office and resisted the urge to hurl the monkey sketch that he had found and framed for Steve at the wall.
“You can’t—” Tony shakes his head, but the familiarity of whatever impossible stubbornness Steve must have shown makes him break into a disbelieving, almost exasperated, laugh. There’s a tinge of hysteria to it, a sob lurking under the surface. “That’s not something you have any power over. You didn’t have a say in this. None of us did.”
“You wouldn’t. That’s not why I didn’t tell you about Bucky and your parents if that’s what you’re thinking.” Steve sank onto his bed, resting his arms against his knees. “I thought about telling you more times than I could count, but every time, I’d imagine how you’d look like when I did, and I couldn’t…I couldn’t bring myself to hurt you. I didn’t want to reopen an old wound, not when I didn’t have to.” He studied the floor, then his palms as though there were hidden answers there. “I thought that maybe if I got there in time and fixed things on my own, no one would have to know,” he said after a moment.
He stood there, plates and utensils in hand, his mouth parted in shock. Natasha was behind him, carrying an assortment of fruit and crackers, unruffled.
“I want you to know that I didn’t want any of it to happen the way it did. I didn’t mean to hurt you.”
Normalcy, now that they’re back at the compound, means slipping back into old habits, trying them on to see if they still fit. It means sleeping in a bed that molds to her curves, comfortable and too pliant at once, and eating the best food money can buy with Tony’s favorite snacks greeting her every time she opens the fridge. It means training with state-of-the-art, one-of-a-kind workout equipment, honing her body for a battle that already occurred and a battle she can’t hope to win.
If this meeting happened before Thanos, Natasha would have been frustrated with the way neither of them move towards each other, but she can’t blame them for their impasse. Mourning for so long and so deeply left her floundering for what to say, and the pain Steve and Tony share runs deeper, miles underground, past the mantle down to the core. They’re not so much standing across trench lines, refusing to be the first to step into no man’s land, as they are stranded on opposite banks of a river, unsure of its depth and strength and afraid the bridge frayed and mostly sunken in its waters won’t hold their weight. Each word holds a different mass, and the wrong one could snap the bridge and sweep them away in an unforgivable current.
He had said it aloud without thinking. Steve was looking at him now, as surprised as he was, as tired as he sometimes looked the few times they had bumped into each other at the tower during the dead hours of the night.
The one thing that had mattered most was Steve staying safe. He could deal with everything that came his way just as long as that was the case, just as long as they won, except Steve had gotten hurt defending him.
He could leave everything untouched. Avoid the common area. Keep the doors to all the rooms closed. But that was like gingerly picking his way across a minefield; it didn’t change the fact that those bombs were still there, liable to explode in his face at the slightest provocation unless he defused them all by the time he saw Steve again.
Tony wondered if Steve dreamed of Barnes dying in front of him. If his mind flooded with panic as he scrambled to hold Barnes together, to keep him from disintegrating in his arms even if he wanted nothing more than to scrub Barnes’s ashes off of him.
Steve was careful anyway, rubbing slow circles before he let go and took care of Tony’s other hand. He grabbed the bandages he left on the sink counter, unrolling them and tearing off two long strips, winding them firmly but gently around Tony’s hands.
Hope is risky, but Jim’s confident and unwavering in his faith. There’s fire in his eyes, and Natasha knows this is exactly how he must have looked when he disregarded his superiors’ warnings and nearly destroyed his career to continue his search for Tony.
Tony laughed, and warmth glowed in Steve’s chest from the center out to hear that sound one last time, to hear no fear or sadness in it, just happiness and affection.
So when Natalie had become Natasha, when Fury had told him he failed his boy band audition, when Steve had been disappointed in him because of Ultron, it was easy to roll with the punches. Tony knew how to step away so that the glancing stab, always surprisingly sharper than he expected, wouldn’t run through him even if it landed, knew how to staunch the wound and smother the pain so that it wouldn’t spread through him like poison.
“The whole time, I kept…I kept thinking that he’d always mean it,” he said hoarsely. “That if it was on my wrist, it had to mean something.” To Steve. To himself. “Even at the airport when he wouldn’t stop.” He had gone to Siberia believing in it. He wondered when Steve had stopped or if his conviction had always been conditional. Together until or together except when.
Tony laughed. “I guess I do, don’t I?” he said, and when he reached up to kiss him, smiling against Steve’s lips, Steve thought that it had all been worth it, all the misunderstandings and all the embarrassing mistakes, because he had ended up right where he wanted to be.
If he could remove Steve’s existence piece by piece, pluck the shrapnel out of his heart one by one, he would be whole again, or as much as he could be whole again, and it would be as if Steve had never been there at all.
He went right. He hadn’t gone into his lab since he came back. He didn’t see a point. There was no battle to win. There could be no more battles after this. The war had been one to end all battles.
A permanent reminder branded on Steve so that he could never forget, a mark of punishment and shame that would never fade even as time marched on, as new as the day he had gotten it.
“Seventh grade,” Tony began after a long silence, slowly like his mind was galaxies away. “Your mom was really sick.”
“And seeing you then,” Tony said, “I just...I didn’t want you to be like that ever again. Not because of me. Not because of anyone or anything. That was the last thought I had before...you know.”
He could be angry about what happened. It would have been well within his rights. Steve dropped a bombshell and walked away—except it was more a ball in his court and Steve waiting for his next move. Do what you want with it. I’m leaving it up to you.
There’s no guarantee that Tony’s alive. But if he is, he’s brave and brilliant enough to find his way to them. Natasha’s more certain of this than anything else.
His word had always been his cure and now that it was ripped away, all his scars, all the marks that life had left on him, split open again. Every memory was now a gaping wound, countless cuts, countless contusions and burns and broken bones slicing him, mottling him, distorting him, as he sifted through his memories, losing more of himself as he swam through time into the deeper currents of his mind.
It was a one-sided affair, a conversation that wouldn’t happen for years, but it kept him occupied, a little game to pass the time when he was bored, sad, or scared. He kept it going even when he got his mark except now that he had his real words, the ones that belonged to him and nobody else, he could imagine talking with them more vividly.
The window they had was infinitesimally small, and many would die in the attempt. But hope sparked to life in Tony for the first time in a long while, kindling him with renewed purpose.
Steve thought of the past few years, the first year and then the years after that, once he transferred to the same college as Bucky. The way that he felt and remembered almost nothing that entire year after Tony had died, as if he had plunged into the ocean and fallen asleep in the ice, and how Tony’s presence grounded and comforted him then. The way that he had slowly but surely thawed. The way that Bucky was there just like the old times once he moved, and the way that he met Natasha and Sam and begun to live life again.
He could do nothing, but it wasn’t because he owed Steve nothing; it was because Steve believed that he didn’t.
“You have me through everything,” Steve vows softly, and when he pulls Tony to him and Tony comes willingly, answering his embrace, Natasha watches as something new is born, something worth fighting for as much as the people they lost. A future that’s vulnerable but full of promise, of love and forgiveness. A future that survived and will survive impossible odds, life unbeaten by death.
Steve watched Tony swoop effortlessly through the air, curving into a wide arc that brought him to the tower and landing with a grace that never failed to surprised him. His breath caught in his lungs as he turned to watch Tony lift his faceplate, the way it did every time, because he could see Tony again, see him smile and hear his voice, unobstructed. Every time, it was too much to take in at once. Tony was too much.
It was as though he had been sending out a distress signal all this time, too faint for him to notice until Tony had picked up on it from the depths of space and answered.
He was part of something bigger. A part of a great, hulking organism composed of the millions who lived and worked and moved around here, little cells circulating oxygen through the arterial streets to make it something living and breathing.
When he opened his eyes, nighttime had fallen. Tony was gone, no trace of him in the air, but he felt calm, a sense of steadiness blanketing him. He stood there for a minute, putting his hands in his pockets as he stared at the trees and the house before him, truly empty now that Tony was gone, before walking back the way he came to where his motorcycle stood.
A thought came to mind, vague and half-formed but with hooks that sank into him so that he could think of nothing else.
What she means is how can he do this over and over again? How can he almost lose Tony so many times and manage not to break? But it’s a question that’s an answer to itself. It’s because he has that he can hold himself together like Tony needs him to.
Everyone contributed to the plan he had outlined, but it was Steve’s opinion he sought. Steve alone knew what it was like to command an army into battle, lead the Avengers,
This close, he still radiated the heat that came with sleep, and there was the faintest shadow of stubble coloring his jaw and neck. He had clearly woken up just moments ago even if he somehow looked put-together at—Tony shot a glance at the clock on the far wall—4:30 in the morning.
“I didn’t know until I lost my chance, but I was. I need you to know that,” he continues, quieter but no less emphatic. He takes a step forward, closing the remaining distance between them. “Steve,” he whispers, echoing everything Steve said in his name back to him, and when he curls his hand around the crook of Steve’s arm, Steve shakes apart like Atlas forgiven, an earthquake trembling through him as he’s finally permitted to lay the heavens at his feet and rest.
“Why won’t you fight for me?” he wanted to shout, and he was furious at the thought. He didn’t want this, he reminded himself viciously. It shouldn’t matter. He should be relieved that Steve wasn’t expecting anything.
She trailed off and paused, staring up at him at the same time it dawned on him that he had made a fool out of himself and couldn’t back out now without looking even more stupid. Jan, Patsy, and Sam were crowded around him, blocking the only exit.
It’s small and barely there, little more than a tender, green seedling but there nonetheless, the start of a new beginning pushing through the ashes, germinated by wildfire.
“It’s okay to take breaks. They’re good for studying in the long run because you can take in more information.”
“Of course.” Steve took the ring out of the box and placed it on Tony’s finger, who already had his finger out. Tony looked at the ring for a moment, still smiling.
Now it was Steve's turn to look a bit ashamed. "They may have been pressuring me and helping me with ways to talk to you. We called it Operation Check Yes or No."
“She needs a break, but I got it. I promise. You make lunch for the five of us and Isabel and I will be there by the time you’re done.” Tony ended it with a kiss and a smile. There was a pause from Steve before he nodded in agreement
Tony noticed, but he let it slide for the most part. Coughed it up to getting used to the major life change that having a child brought. Tony let Steve do what he needed to do and didn’t say much of it. Sometimes he would tease him a little, make fun of him for getting so protective, but he would always try to indulge his husband. He kept letting it slide, until one day, he couldn’t.
Matt, being the energizer bunny that he is, skated off right away, with Isabel attempting to chase after him, both in fits of giggles. Peter was holding May’s hand, skating much slower and taking his time to get use to the ice, but still obviously enjoying himself nonetheless. They were still a little a head of Steve and Tony, who were skating a bit behind them, taking in the view of their children having fun.
“Please no! Get off me! Leave me alone!” Tony thrashed, trying to get Steve off and away from him by any means necessary. Steve pinned Tony’s wrists to the armrest and used Tony kicking as an opportunity to pin them down as well with his body. He now had Tony pinned down, horizontal on the couch. Steve was sitting on his hips, using his calves and feet to pin Tony’s thighs down, and his wrists pinned right above his head. In another situation, Steve would have been happy to be in this position, but with Tony still flailing and begging Steve not to touch the arc reactor, he was wishing he were anywhere else.
Steve grinned and pulled Tony back in for a longer kiss than the last one, only breaking when Peter started to kick and whine from not being the center of attention.
“Yeah, and also why Natasha wouldn’t leave, because she wanted to record this for us. Isn’t that right Nat?”
“I’m not ditching you guys. We said dinner and drinks. We had dinner, and now we’re just wrapping up drinks.” As Tony said that, he shot back the rest of the whiskey he had to finish it, though it was a little tough with the large ice cube still in it.
Steve put his hands over Tony’s, stilling them. “I’m here. I promise.” It was the first sign of fire that Tony saw in him since he had found him slumped against the rubble. His eyes were clear even as he struggled to breathe, intense in their focus. “Put on the Gauntlet. You can end this.”
Steve crossed the room and sat down on the bed next to him. “You can’t blame yourself for something like that. What Thanos did…it was random.”
“Well, it was nice catching up and all that, but I have King Kitty and Princess Leia calling my name and as the gracious host, I gotta make the rounds. You coming with, honey bear?”
“You have me. Always. In this and in everything else,” he said softly, and he meant it in all the ways he could mean it, in all the ways that Tony needed him.
Better the death of his heart than the death of his soul, his own death over the deaths of others. But he hadn’t had to choose in the end. Anger always won out for him, and it had cremated his love for Tony. Anger was what he turned to when he had nothing, and it was all he was.
