“You’re only here for a few days or a week at most if you stay later. Cas and I will go back to our normal sleeping habits after you guys have leave. We both want you guys comfortable.”
Dean didn’t have to specify which house because they both knew. Cas didn’t reply. He just looked at Dean and Dean licked his lips as if he was building up for the punchline of a joke. The mood shifted in Cas’s eyes though and he looked wary.
Another thing on Cas’s list that they hadn’t gotten around too. There was a clinic in town that they had heard about when buying the house but neither of them had made a visit. Dean was still relying on Mackenzie for virtually everything when it came to his leg and up until tonight, they hadn’t needed another doctor.
A shrug from Dean was all Cas got before Dean turned to Matt and said, “Yeah sounds good. Cas, you good? Sam, Eileen, I’ll be back soon. You can either hang here with Cas and Nat or come with us. Jack, want to go see Dev and Mel?”
Sam and Eileen discussed the night before finding time to look at the house for more clues about Cas’s situation. Eileen saw the chance to get time alone in the house and launched into a plan to get it.
The story lasted longer than expected and the embellishments grew and grew until it all came time for the end. He paused again but not for dramatic effect this time. Dean put the dinner on the table slowly. Cas gave him a look of knowing sadness and they sat down to eat before Dean would continue the story. There was one more part for him to tell.
Dean snorted at that, “You really want to go there? Let’s go to Heaven right now and take a poll. I bet Baby that you would get ‘most likely to start a rebellion’ in a landslide.”
“Are you truly okay with me being your partner? Your friendship and our relationship with raising Jack is important to me and I don’t want to compromise what we have because you were too uncomfortable or felt forced into something you didn’t want.”
“Glad to help. Here’s my number. If either of you ever need anything, don’t hesitate to text or call. Literally anything from pizza recommendations to where to drop of water payments. Consider the succulent a housewarming gift. I heard the farm is beautiful in the spring. See you later and don’t be a stranger, Dean,” Natalie replied emphasizing his name.
“New hinges for the doors and Cas is looking for a few new things for the garden. He asked if you had… Better Boy tomatoes?”
Cas hadn’t noticed him so there was still time to escape the kitchen but inaction rendered him immobilized. He promised he would start trying but he wasn’t sure he was ready for this. He wasn’t prepared to dive in first thing. Not with things like feeding. He wanted to start with maybe hanging out with Cas and Jack being in the same room. The promise he made to universe rung in the back of his mind like a gong in contrast to his protests.
Dr. Sands had been waiting for Dean’s response and gently told him that he did not need to make any decisions today. Dean needed to be a lot of stronger for any surgeries before they were even an option anyway. There was still time to decide he assured but they would start with fitting Dean with the brace while he made his decision.
“Rowena, the archangel Michael of that world is killing all the people and we need to find a way to get them out. We were hoping that you could help us keep the portal open long enough to do that. It would take a few days to move the camp.”
Dean had been transferred to a new doctor closer to the bunker to remove his cast and place a temporary brace. Dr. Sands was a polite but non-talkative Orthopedic Surgeon built like a runner and with a military haircut. They had met him once before at the eight-week check-up and he hadn’t said much then except keep resting.
Slowly, Dean wrapped his arms around him and allowed Cas to bury himself into Dean’s chest as he cried. Tears had soaked the front of Dean’s shirt. Dean nearly choked from the painful sounds that came from Cas.
Towards the end, Charlie included a note about a package she was having delivered. Inspired by a video from social media where engineers created a night monitoring system for a child with epilepsy, Charlie had purchased Jack a similar machine which would serve the same purpose. The machine was simple. There would be a pad in Jack’s crib and it would monitor Jack’s heart rate. If Jack had another breathing episode, his heart rate would spike as a result which the pad could track. It would sound an alarm in both Dean and Cas’s room to wake them up. The worry and trepidation about falling asleep and not waking if Jack had another incident eased immediately. Dean would say they now owed Charlie their first child but he was a little too attached to Jack for that. She had her eyes on the yellow mustang in the bunker’s garage a while back. Dean would have a talk with Sam about making that her car instead of a community car.
Instead of punching Chad, he shifted his eyes down to his wallet for his card and replied, “Jack was asking Cas for some juice.”
There were three regular attendants to Story Time every night: Cas, Jack, and Dean. Dean rarely read out loud despite how much Jack liked his voice so more often than not he would hold Jack and bounce him on his lap as he sat the floor. Part of the reason was he didn’t enjoy the pressure of having to perform for Jack and the other is he liked listening to Cas’s deep voice tell the story in a tone way better than anything he could muster up. Who knew the former monotone warrior of God was good at creating character voices?
Guess that’s why Dean was so confused when they left the house after spending two hours there and Cas looked crestfallen.  Disappointed even. Cas had looked sadly out the window from his spot in the passenger seat.
“You don’t know that, Cas,” Dean replied angrily. He needed to do everything in his power to have Cas and Jack protected.
They walked in silence for about 50 minutes along the side of the road. After the first 30 minutes, Dean was limping heavily, and their progress slowed. Dean had never gone more than 30 minutes of walking around the bunker or local convenience store in Lebanon. Plus, it still being early in his recovery and he had only been going crutch-less for less than a week. The damage and struggle from the fight in the bunker and on the hillside was too much for his leg. He hadn’t taken any pain medication since before the spells had started in the library. Cas thankfully didn’t comment as their progress slowed to the crawl.
Cas nodded in understanding and shifted to pull the torn flannel off. His face twisted in pain and Dean saw him grit his teeth. Dean leaned forward and helped pull his arms through the sleeves. As the flannel came off, the sleeve of the t-shirt came off too and exposed his left arm completely. Dean ripped the last few connected strands of the left sleeve off the flannel and used that to wrap a makeshift tourniquet around his leg.
On days when Sam, Eileen, and Mary were out hunting and the phone lines were quiet, Dean would cook Cas exotic meals and try new recipes. They would hang out and enjoy each other’s company no matter what room they were in. They enjoyed the quiet solitude the empty bunker provided. Cas helped him with his physical therapy every night and drove him to see Mackenzie every time as well. The massages came natural to Cas now and Dean stopped protesting as the mental battles got quieter. They still kept that under wraps but the quality time spent with Cas was worth it.
The air hung heavy. Dean shifted his eyes to Cas held Jack closer to him and Dean felt his stomach drop. He briefly imagined Jack at the mercy of angels determined to kill him and it made him want to throw up. Swallowing the bile in his throat, he switched a towel on Charlie’s stomach with a fresh one and continued to apply pressure.
The morning hadn’t started like Dean had planned. He wanted to talk to Sam first thing but Sam had been looking over files because cases had started coming in and could no longer be put off. He wanted to start giving the experienced hunters something to do before he had to start managing them and the new hunters. He would start sending some of the newbies out to shadow other hunters like Jody and Donna. On the other hand, Dean had an unexpectedly busy morning. Cas reminded him about getting the truck up and running soon and asked him to watch Jack. Figuring everybody was busy and he had been assigned baby duty, Dean had gone into town with Jack. It made Dean uneasy that Cas had asked Dean to watch Jack that morning to look for houses online with Charlie.
While they waited for a technician to come fetch Dean for his cast removal and x-rays, Dr. Sands decided to go over some after care to save time. He had explained to Sam, who had driven Dean to have the cast removed, and Dean that Dean wouldn’t be cleared for normal activities like rigorous exercise (Dean snorted at that) for at least another six to twelve weeks but it was a start. That meant no “working” Sam had quickly pointed out and Dean pretended to be sad.
Dean read Eileen’s note and raised his eyebrows at her. Winking coyly in response, she reached over and grabbed the notebook from his hands and returned to the book in front of her. Dean went to get up to leave when he realized he didn’t finish reading his part of the lore. Forcing himself back into the seat he looked up to see Eileen had written in big block letters across one entire sheet:
Cas adjusted faster to the new feeling and immediately leapt into whatever plan he had rattling around. He threw the grace outwards across planes of existence. The effect was immediately dizzying as Cas pushed their consciousness out in a topsy-turvey twist. Dean felt like he had gone 12 rounds upside down on a rollercoaster as Cas continued on. He tried to focus because he could feel that Cas was searching for something despite his own nausea from the archangel grace. He threw the grace out further in his search. He was searching and searching and searching until-
When night fell outside the bunker, Story Time had been completed early, and Jack had finally gone down for the night, a gentle knock on Dean’s door reminded him what was coming next. Dean yelled a greeting meant to let the knocker to give him a second. Carefully, he stowed his laptop where the visitor wouldn’t see it. He didn’t want anyone to catch him searching information about hormones, partners, and natural pain treatment. It had led Dean down the rabbit hole.
That’s when Dean heard commotion up ahead. When he rounded the corner prepared for a fight, he was shocked to find a couple angels that raided the bunker earlier in the week finishing off a few demons with quick and precise blows. A female angel looked up with blood spattered across her face and her face contorted in first in relief and then anger. Dean recognized her as Duma from recent attack on the bunker. The other unnamed angel stepped forward as well.
“There’s not much to tell. After you passed out, Billie kept coming for us. I- I dropped you. That ended up being our saving grace because the black ooze ended up snapping her up when we fell. It started swirling to take us to. Then, I passed out too. Came round and woke you up. You know the rest.”
Sam thought about it for a minute before he responded, “You mean besides the thing with Neil at the market? I mean that was hard to miss. I didn’t notice anything evil or monster-like if that’s what you’re suggesting. What did that guy say anyway? You looked like you wanted to punch him?”
Yet, Dean wasn’t interested at all. Maybe because she had just put him through the ringer and seen him nearly faint from pain or maybe because she was simply too young for him now. His mind flashed to Cas waiting and felt guilty for thinking about even possibly hitting on her while he waited outside. Cas did not sign up to chauffer Dean so he could hit on his physical therapist even if he had wanted to. There was also a deeper guilt hitting him in the stomach too. He didn’t know where that came from but could faintly feel Jack and Cas being the center of it. Mackenzie started speaking again before he could interpret that any further.
Being left behind didn’t stop Dean from giving Mary or Sam a hug or Eileen from giving Sam a lingering kiss. Dean glanced at Cas and saw he was wishing Mary luck with Jack a few feet away. Just as quickly as Bobby and Charlie had appeared, the trio disappeared into a world under siege.
“Let me see if I have this straight. You’ll be helping here on the weekends. Maybe more. Consulting on cases. Teaching hunters. Helping with training. Then, you’ll spending the rest of the time taking care of Jack to give Cas a break while fixing the house? Eileen said Cas told her the house needs work from top to bottom. That sounds like a lot of work with no down time.”
“Good morning Sam,” Cas replied with a smile. He started working on dishing out a small plate of eggs and one slice of bacon from the larger plates filled to the brim on the table. He slid it over to Jack who went for the bacon first.
To say they sunk into it would have been a misrepresentation. Babe and honey made the occasional appearance anytime they were in town. One thing he hadn’t accounted for was a god’s honest habit forming unconsciously. Dean noticed lately they could be completely alone within their own house and those new names would slip out on their own without warning.
Dean considered arguing for a moment but he did really need to rest and he knew Cas likely needed to rest to. Not going down without some sort of fight, Dean rolled his eyes before gingerly lowering himself to the ground. Cas grabbed his arm as he lowered himself to help him to the ground before sitting down himself. Cas’s leg was bothering him too if Dean was to judge him by how slowly he lowered himself down.
The mood shifted then and Dean looked down at his hands that had been scratching Dr. Ellie Sattler, “I’m sorry, Cas.”
Sorry for the late update! Part of the chapter got accidentally deleted but hopefully the wait was worth it. Next week's chapter is already done.
He just nodded in response to her instructions. Dean needed to keep her talking until he could disarm her or fight back. He silently cursed himself for having only his pocketknife on him.
Things were not fine. The thirty-minute car ride back to the farmhouse was silent and a chill not belonging to the winter weather hung in the air. Cas never looked Dean’s way and his hands were closed tightly around the folder in his lap. He was pressed as close to the passenger side door as he could be but to Dean it felt like miles between them. As the pulled into the drive, Dean shifted the Impala into park in nearly the same spot he had picked Cas up that same morning. It felt like a lifetime ago. Whatever was happening, Dean needed to fix it. Now.
He had done everything right. He let Cas in and grew more attached. He tolerated and then loved Jack just like they asked of him. He went to physical therapy like they wanted him to. He manned this side of the portal while Sam was gone and pulled Jack’s grace like he had been instructed. He was helping around the bunker with the new hunters and still caring for Jack because that was what was expected of him. Dean had done every damn thing he had been asked and then some. There was anger building and he was about to burst. He was going to let his temper fly because they deserved to hear it. They thought he was a bomb so he was going to be a bomb.
The rift shrunk for a moment when Kaia’s eyes rolled back a little and she screamed again. The rift flashed the dark place again before returning to the wasteland. Whatever she was seeing, Dean had no doubt it was terrifying. The scars on her arms she had shown them yesterday were proof of that. Claire choked back a sob. Rowena’s knuckles were stark white against Kaia’s shoulder and Charlie was flipping the through the books at rapid fire.
Claire was talking to Kaia. She was pissed that she hadn’t been chosen to go into the portal and been selected to be Alex’s second. She had tried to argue that it made more sense to help push people then help with triage. She had stood there arguing with Cas and Jody about it with raised voices until Dean mentioned Kaia may need support. Kaia had been nervously standing off to the side clearly hoping not be forgotten. Claire nodded quickly and that ended up being the end of the discussion.
Dean thought on repeat. It probably wouldn’t be for months Dean was lucky. If Dean was unlucky, then it would be more many months or even a year. He hadn’t been that lucky in a long time.
For a moment, Dean considered running with Jack away. Not away from his friends and family but from the moment and the future moments he was dreading. The future of helping rebels and refugees settle with their new lives while Cas and Jack were in the wind.
Cas glanced at Sam and seemed to steel himself. He straightened up and turned his gaze at Dean. Dean locked eyes with Cas and found himself unable to look away.
As they neared the end of the setup, Eileen departed from Sam’s side to the house to go to the bathroom and offered to check on a sleeping Jack while she was up there much to the thanks of Dean and Cas. When Sam, Cas, and Dean came back in a few minutes later, Sam saw a bright-eyed and calculating Eileen in front of him. She smiled at Sam liked she had found the answer to a secret.
Peering at the nearby bookshelf, Sam grabbed a large stack of books and started handing them out. Eileen gave him the stink eye and Dean laughed when she sarcastically signed thank you to him. Well, he laughed until Sam handed him one too with a bitchy smirk. He had spent the last ten hours in an apocalypse world and five of those were walking and here he was with an upbeat, give-em-hell attitude.
“No, it’s not. You did not deserve my anger or the assumptions I made. I let my anger get the best of me when I should have just asked you. I will work on that, Dean. I promise.”
“Are you okay?” Cas asked curiously from the passenger seat one they got settled in. He was trying to gauge something from Dean who had been pondering his own reaction in the store. Dean just didn’t get why Chad got under his skin so much.
Twenty minutes later, a newly bloody and bruised Dean found himself in a kneeling position in the dungeon. A male angel behind him had an angel blade just under his throat and a firm grip on his hair.
The fourth week Bruiser succeeded in his mission. Which is how Dean found himself in his current predicament.
Life was far from perfect but things were looking up. Dean wasn’t hunting but he was helping hunters save people he reminded himself. Sam didn’t have Dean to watch his back but Dean trusted Eileen to (mostly) take care of him. Mary was trying harder. Cas was human but he was safe inside the bunker with Jack and letting Dean help raise him. Between Jack’s powers and colic, things were sometimes difficult but life with Jack was well worth it.
Balthazar huffed in annoyance and walked towards them, “Yes, you git. Volunteer. Am I still irked with you for you stabbing one of your most loyal friends in the back? Monumentally. Here’s the thing Cassie, I have also mostly forgiven you because you yanked me out of my nap last night, got rid of that hideous trench coat though I see you started wearing flannel which is only a small step forward, and we got a bird’s eye view into that weird little noggin of yours so we understand why you were such a bloody dick sometimes. Let me show you how much I have forgiven you.”
Dean quieted immediately. It was rare for Sam to yell back at him. Sam was usually Mr. Calm, Cool, and Collected in their arguments. Sam had their father’s temper and had spent years training himself to manage it unlike John. He must have pushed all of his buttons tonight.
“Sam is taking most of the hunters out for a field exercise and all of the cars are going to be in use.”
Claire and Kaia never left each other’s side oddly enough and grew close surprising quickly. They were always whispering and conspiring in the corner they had noticed thanks to Dean, Cas, and Jody’s constant supervision. Jody kept them in line and focused. Her quick wit and gentle smiles allowed her to solve problems before they happened and resolve issues with decisive effectiveness. Donna kept the positive spirit up, oversaw the gathering of firearms, and doted on Jack every chance she got. Alex was a calm and collected force of nature that organized triage center in the infirmary with an iron fist. She came up with a makeshift cart/gurney situation to roll people out of the way faster so there wouldn’t be a backup as people came through the rift.
Mary would flit in and out of their lives between hunts. She never stayed too long but was always happy to see everyone when she came back. Dean knew she was trying to be more involved but these things did not come naturally to her quite yet. Mary was flighty like Cas and Dean tried to make her stays as comfortable as possible with little stress. She would always leave eventually, and Dean would push down the feeling of loss. However, Mary’s texting and phone calls were increasing in frequency and Dean even caught them having a long conversation one night without one mention of hunting that seemed almost comfortable.
Like the first night, Dean and Cas were flushed together on the couch from hip through their thighs which caught Sam’s attention this time. It was almost intimate. The longer the movie went and the more Sam was able to watch Cas and Dean relax into their spots and at one point Sam swears he saw Cas reach over and brush against the inside of Dean’s knee. Sam watched for more but his mind lost focus.
Dean was standing there when a demon began shouting through the door about giving them Jack followed by a cackle of laughter as something else slammed against their front door. He snatched the vial of grace off the table in frustration and so he knew where it was at all times. It was still mostly full and shone bright like a burning star. The last time he had seen archangel grace this color had been in the clearing nearly six months ago.
Bobby had taken that particularly hard and it was when he was drunk that evening they found out he had lost his only son to the war. Dean caught Charlie crying in her room that night after spending the day comforting the others. He held her through it when she sobbed into his chest about missing Kara and her parents. He hoped Charlie’s parents in this world’s Heaven would want a second daughter.
He hoped Cas took that as a "go with my story" wink and not a "flirtation". Cas nodded in understanding. He wouldn't spill the beans about his parents relationship or his childhood to Jack.
“Fine! I’ll along with whatever crackpot idea your lot has concocted but know this, each of you will owe me a favor and I will collect. Now what ingredients do I need to gather for this spell and what is the game plan?”
would be the thing that finally tipped the scales to something more. Something everybody on this planet except for his brother and the rebel angel could see.
The honey stand seemed to be a popular one judging from the lack of honey Sam noted. There was less than a quarter of the honey on the table with a banner that read Apple Blossom Honey. The two crates Sam had carried in were visibly empty as was the wagon which was stacked with empty boxes. A few customers milled about just looking at small flyers that Cas had printed out while others snatched their honey quickly before it was gone.
Finally, Dean can’t avoid it anymore. He gathers the remains of the yellow bee recycle bin and walks Bruiser up the pathway of the two-story family home. After knocking on the front door, Dean is greeted by a pair of bright blue eyes and messy hair.
The silence lasted a few minutes before Cas started talking. Dean could barely hear them through the door he was leaning against. Every part of him wanted to lay down but he felt compelled to listen. He needed to know how low they thought of him.
Sensing that their plans were coming to a close, Dean said, “Cas, why don’t you take Jack to your room and get some sleep. We need to start fresh tomorrow if we are going to think of a better plan. When you wake up, then I’ll get my four hours. Capiche?”
The house came with roughly 12 acres of hilly land and dense wooded area. In the heart of farm country, the land was unusable for crops because of topography, a buzzword from the grandkids of the owner, and dense forests. The grandchildren told Cas and Dean that they had sold off the other 200 odd acres of land but none of the farmers or potential buyers considered the last 12 acres (house included) to be worth their time or energy.
“Just tell him how you feel. We both know how much you hate apologies. Maybe you get something ready beforehand. I have an offer for you. Please don’t hang up the phone before you hear me out. Why don’t you practice with me first? When you have a general idea of what you want to say, then you can talk to Cas.”
How was he supposed to explain to an older than dirt but human for three months and two weeks former angel that friends, especially two guys, don’t massage each other? Definitely not on the thigh and knee either. Letting Cas massage him was well past the boundaries of normal friendship that Dean understood. This was too far and too much. A step over the line Cas and Dean weren’t supposed to cross because Cas was his best friend. His buddy. His pal.
Cas’s hand moved up to Dean’s thigh now and Dean had to force himself not to jump. He forced himself to relax as Cas continued massaging. A deep voice in his brain was telling him exactly how wrong it was but the hormones Dean had read about seemed to be finally waking up and sending happy soothing signals through his body which helped quiet the voice.
But Sam stopped trying eventually. He stopped trying to dissect their weird relationship. He stopped trying to infer something more. He stopped trying because it would happen or it wouldn’t and nothing Sam could do one side or another would ever make a difference. He had pushed. He had pulled. But NOTHING ever happened. Mostly, he stopped trying because he firmly believed if something were to happen it would have a long, long time ago.
“Listen to me, Castiel. I introduced you to my family. I met your friends who threatened to kill me if I hurt you. And I believe they would. I spend every weekend and most nights in your apartment with you. I text you everyday and everynight. I love hearing you talk about things you are passionate about including your work. I love your cats like they are my own. Since I met you, I haven’t thought of or so much looked at another person. From the moment you said my name in that bar, I've been lost to you and only you.When you told me you were going on a date, I thought you were breaking up with me. I want to start or continue to date you or whatever this is as long as you'll let me. I fell hard for you, Cas, and I'm not about to lose you again. I love you and I want to date you."
“Cas, I’ve got this. Why don’t you make yourself a cup of coffee and I’ll feed Jack. You look dead on your feet.”
Dean thought about clocking him again to make Chad show some respect for his family. One for looking at his fake husband like that and two for disrespecting Jack. The logical part of his brain tried to remind him they weren’t actually married so he had no rights to actually be upset but Dean smothered that logic with retort on manners.
Cas didn’t wait for an answer before making his way to Jack who was fast asleep in the incubator. He just stared at Jack’s tiny chest rising and falling in a steady rhythm now. Jack seemed so fragile right now that if one were to reach out to touch him or his incubator it might shatter the apart and cause them to lose Jack altogether. Dean understood exactly what Cas was feeling and didn’t need to ask if he would be okay. He knew the answer already after their many years together and it was no. Neither of them were okay.
Dean gave Cas a look of disbelief. He followed with an exaggerated shrug and opened his hands in like he needed more of an explanation. Jack rolled over to his stomach and pushed himself into the crawling position. The crawl was a slow one. He was still unsteady but every day it seemed like his arms got stronger. Even with what happened the night before, Jack had enough energy to crawl from the Z block to the E block. He moved to a sitting position, raised the block to his mouth, and began to suck on it.
Eileen’s words the night before stirred something in Sam though. He may be used to brushing their weirdness underneath the rug but Eileen should be too. If she thought something was off, could it be?
Don’t get Cas wrong, Dean was great in bed. Mind-blowingly so in fact. It was toe-curling, mind-numbing, orgasmic bliss every time Dean and Cas collided and it didn’t matter where it happened. Sometimes it happened in the bathroom of the bar or in the back of Dean’s pristine car that he loved so much. More often than not though as time went on they were able to contain themselves until they got back to Cas’s apartment. Dean would always get right into the action quickly. He’d press Cas against the wall with a bruising kiss while his hands worked to unbuckle Cas’s belt or he would strip Cas quickly of his clothes the second they got into the bedroom before Cas had time to blink. On the rare occasion they didn’t go out beforehand and Dean was stopping by because one of them had sent a “You up?” text, the result was still the same.
“This is our quarantine space from the other hives. There’s not much we can do since it is outside and the hives could interact if they wanted but we are hoping to avoid that one day soon. We haven’t started working on clearing part of the woods yet for that but we’ll probably start later this summer. We want the new hives at least a little distance from our established hives so if something is wrong with the new hive our chance of contamination and disease spread is low.”
were Dean’s only thoughts as he was thrown across the clearing like a fly being swatted by a tornado. He flew to the other side of the clearing before landing with a loud snap, unimaginable shooting pain, and blacking out. Dean awoke with a ringing in his ears, heart racing, and tried to take stock of the clearing immediately.
Cas blushed a little before replying, “It’s a bedroom and you’re a guest. Therefore, it’s a guest bedroom right now.”
Mary shifted uncomfortably a few seats down from Dean. Dean refocused back to Sam and Rowena’s conversation.
“That doesn’t matter. You are still recovering from being stabbed. Remember? Let me be the one to remind you that Lucifer nearly killed you. Now you are what, going to take his son and run? You’re gonna leave again?”
Over the next hour they came up with the plan. Originally, they had fought to try to keep the rift open but without the spell already in place it simply wouldn’t be possible. So they had moved on to plan B which was send a rescue team to help the camp evacuate to the rift location and reopen the rift at that time. The longest part of planning was figuring out who would go and who would stay.
“What’s wrong? This is what’s wrong. You know this is being forwarded to Jack’s doctor in town and the pharmacy to pick up his prescriptions. How could you do this?”
The first Sam chapter. It’s a slow, fun one that sets up the rest of the crazy week. Pay attention, A LOT is hidden in this chapter.
Cas gave him a questioning and skeptical look. He clearly didn’t know why Dean would ask that since Dean was the one who woke him up. But Dean wanted to test the waters before he told Cas the truth.
“Right, I’ll call Jody and Donna to see if they would be willing to swing down and help us out,” Dean
Moving the covers back slowly to avoid waking up Eileen, Sam tiptoed out of the room and made his way quietly to the bathroom. He noted that, unlike yesterday, all the doors the doors were shut. Jack’s door had several stickers from a coloring book he had stuck to the door after a visit to a zoo. Sam recalled how much Dean had hated the stickers being on the door and had wanted to move them to a paper Jack could hang up in his room but Cas had insisted it showed Jack’s creativity. The smiling Panda that barely reached Sam’s knee was cute and showed Cas had won that argument.
“You have something you want to say, Neil?” Natalie asked angrily. She looked pissed at the man. In fact, she looked ready to downright brawl with the guy right there. Sam respected her right there instantly because if she was some of Cas and Dean’s closest friends at least she looked ready to go to bat for them.
Her arm relaxed minutely. She likely didn’t even realize she had done that Dean’s moment for disarming her was coming as long as she kept talking and slowly let her guard down.
“The whole kit and kaboodle. Monsters, demons, angels. From the racist truck to the devil himself. All of it. Got the tattoo on my chest and everything.”
Dean had been placed in the radiograph machine and they took shots starting from his hip, focusing on the femur and knee where the damage had been the worst and the pins had been place. They gradually moved down the rest of his leg to his foot. When the machine quieted down, Dean heaved a sigh of relief.
The upstairs hallway was dark. Sam noticed the night-light shining dimly in the bathroom when Eileen asked to use it. Dean expertly flicked on the light without looking for Eileen. The bathroom was small but comfortable. It wasn’t a nautical themed bathroom but the various blues and tan gave off that vibe. There was a toothbrush holder with two adult toothbrushes and a lion shaped toddler toothbrush which made Sam smile. Jack still wasn’t over his animal phase and, with Cas as his dad, Sam doubted he would ever be. The poor kid now had the verbal skills to harass his Daddy and Papa for a pet constantly per Dean. So far, he had yet to succeed though rumor has it Cas was close to breaking.
A long sigh escaped Dean’s lips as he closed his eyes and brought his free up to rub his eyes before pinching the bridge of his nose. Nope, Cas probably called Sam to make his brother deal with him. Probably asked Sam to drive and come pick his pathetic ass up tonight. Dean had made it less than three months living outside the bunker before Cas was going to kick him out. Dean had really screwed up.
There wasn’t a thought in Dean’s head as he watched Cas pull out a few weeds that dared grow in the garden before planting two pepper plants nearby. The giggle as Jack wandered over from his spot near Cas to Dean made Dean smile. Jack giggled more as he made his approach and threw his arms open wide before using his chubby little legs to push off the ground in an attempt to jump onto Dean’s stomach.
Sam’s version of the story was poetic to say the least. Sam leading the rebellion through a forest and battling angels with Eileen and Mary made Dean swell with pride. Sam had even managed to send out a radio call to other refugees that the angels didn’t notice which is why so many people had come through the rift. They had saved twice the number of people from that world all thanks to Sam. Recounting Mary taking down ten angels by herself when they were almost trapped on the way to the pick-up spot made her look like an even bigger badass. He was proud of his mom, his brother, and his sorta sister-in-law.
Cas gripped Dean’s arm which drew Dean’s attention from Jack. He looked apologetic and his eyes were cautious, “Dean, I need to put Jack in his car seat. We have to go.”
Even with Eileen’s latest conversation clouding his thoughts, Sam fell asleep in his brother’s house for the second night easily content with the day and looking forward to their stay the rest of the week.
Dean was tempted to pull the same shit Cas did earlier but instead he focused on the warmth of their arms. He was feeling warm and fuzzy after the massage. Dean responded, “Shoot.”
Jack’ bad days were terrifying. His asthma would flare up and Dean and Cas would spend the entire day fretting over him. The whirl of the nebulizer would be the song on repeat during the day. The stale air was tinged with worry and restless whimpers from Jack. Dean would take a hundred of his bad days for every one of Jack’s if it was possible to trade. These days didn’t happen often but that didn’t mean they were easy.
“We haven’t had the chance to find a local pediatrician yet, Doc. Between the whole moving thing and getting the house set-up, we were wanting to but haven't gotten around to it quite yet.”
A few more hours were spent letting Jack get down and dirty with the animals. When they finally left the barn, there was a large petting zoo with more goats, sheep, and friendly cows moving from kid to kid. The owners had bag full of feed available for purchase to entice the already overweight livestock. Dean bought them each a bag so they could feed whatever they wanted. Jack giggled in delight as one of the cows slimed his hand and then the side of his face. It didn’t take long for Jack to be begging for a pet cow and the contrast in Cas’s and Dean’s face about that idea was enough to send Sam laughing.
Cas looked at the canister in Mackenzie’s hand with faint interest before saying, “What’s going on?”
Then, the light bulb went off in his head. No wonder Sam and Eileen volunteered to watch Jack so Cas could drive him. Cas insisting on hanging out in the parking lot instead of going to get food or groceries and telling him to call when he was ready. They must have decided Cas would be his physical therapy “partner” and didn’t want to tell Dean because they thought he couldn’t handle it. They had set him up.
Dean could hear Billie’s scythe distantly scrapping against the narrow hallway walls as she drew closer. No doubt Billie and the other demons weren’t far behind but the cut on Cas’s side and leg looked to be serious and possibly fatal if left untreated judging by the spreading bloodstains.
Sam spent a brief moment checking out Jack’s toy bin before moving to the bookshelf. Besides the not-missing-bet book, the bookshelf underneath the TV was crammed full of inconspicuous, normal stuff from Cas, Dean, and Jack. DVDs were of the family variety with the exception of Die Hard and Legally Blonde. The record player sitting on top of the bookshelf had an old James Brown record still sitting waiting to be played.
“Have you lost more braincells hanging out in this hobbit hole? Just come here and we’ll see what we can do about your entire situation? Let’s make you an angel again,” Balthazar said sounding a lot more confident than he looked. Doubt leaked out of Balthazar as he tried to cover it.
It wasn’t long before Mary, Eileen, Sam, and Bobby were dressed and ready to go back. Mary and Eileen both hugged Dean. They had said goodbye to Cas before he had passed out. They both stepped into the rift and disappeared. Bobby gave Dean a firm handshake before turning to make his departure as well.
Sam never mentioned meeting his new neighbor but then again sometimes Dean didn’t always listen the best after his double shift. Usually, Sam would drone on and on about how great Bruiser is, the boring cases at his law office, and that Dean needed to get out more. Most of the time Dean would try to listen before zoning out and nodding occasionally.
With the last of Jack’s grace, his strength, and Dean’s borrowed strength, Cas sent out an earthshattering call above the shouts of angel radio. Dean was sure every being in Heaven, Hell, Purgatory and everywhere in between heard the call. Cas threw everything that has happened since the he first landed on Earth out into the open.
“Fine, ALH it is. Has a nice ring to it. Like I was saying, I’ll come back to help with the good ol’ ALH when they stop needing me around or if you need my help.”
Her touch turned more firm as she led Sam way from the door of his brother’s room and back to the room they were sharing. She had Sam sit on the edge of the bed and climbed around him to rub his shoulders soothingly. It wasn’t long until Sam started to drift off under Eileen’s hands. He pulled Eileen close to him because she was the only unwavering thing right now and he let sleep wash over him.
The way it ended like they all knew it would. Fire, a baby in Dean's four-year-old arms, and a destiny designed for all of them that no one wanted. The end of the show and the love story of John and Mary Winchester.
Looking to Cas who was finishing his rounds of hugs. He was eyeing the room apprehensively. His gaze swept over it searching and cataloging quickly. Dean recognized the look. He was in fight mode. He was looking at every angel and unknown person with precision. Until proven otherwise, everyone was put into the threat category. Some of the angels they had pulled Cas had killed. They had gotten lucky with Balthazar but their luck had been less than stellar in the last four months.
The connection between Dean and Cas shattered. He nearly dropped Cas as he unexpectedly lost the ability to support himself. Cas’s eyes shut as he fought to remain conscious. The sphere of protection grace waned completely and Dean was hit with rain for the first time since Cas smashed the bottle of grace.
First, he searched information about the clinic and Dr. Mackenzie Peterson. He read the entire website and the packet he had been assigned. Dean found that even though the clinic was focused on new-age methods for physical therapy and healing the doctors created these new treatments with the support of science. There were seven different links talking about the benefits of massage therapy alone. Some of the articles talked about the benefits of working on healing health with a partner.
The farmer’s market spilled over into the parking lot as more people packed the place. It was relatively well paved but had minor imperfections that Sam and Eileen were able to avoid thanks to their relatively free arms. They were walking behind a man with his arms carefully gripping a large box when a small pothole caused the man to begin to spill forward. Springing into action, Sam was able to rush forward and grab the box to help steady the man. From his height, Sam saw stacks of containers the large eggs.
“What other choice are you giving me, Dean? You won’t even look at me- or Jack. Jack is important to me. I promised Kelly I would look after him. There are only two ways forward. I leave with Jack or you step up and accept Jack like everyone else already has. You of all people should know that the sins of the father are not the sins of the son,” Cas spit out.
The bees buzzed around Sam’s face and arms and he was grateful that he was wearing the lightweight flannel and hat. Once the hive was pushed into the bed of the truck, Dean used a few lightweight straps to secure the hive so it wouldn’t slide or tip on the journey back to the farmhouse. Cas waited about ten more minutes for sliding the door to the hive shut with a satisfying click. Then, Jack got to do his part of the job by going down to where the hive had been and helping carry supplies like the plastic sheet back to the truck. They made their way back to the farmhouse after that.
Said dump truck currently missing and might be lost for good Dean stated earning agitated sigh from Cas. All thoughts of the dump truck were forgotten when Jack found his other favorite car and gave this one again to Eileen.
He opened the passenger's side door and turned around to make his way inside when he noticed Cas was already stepping through the front door with Jack in one arm. The mask was still pressed to Jack’s face despite Jack's feeble protests. The nebulizer’s travel case handle was looped over Cas’s arm and rested in the crook of his elbow.
Sam stuttered out an “That’s fine” as the blood rushed to his cheeks while Eileen smiled signed "Of course" without embarrassment. Dean let out a roar of laughter and was bent over double much to Sam’s further embarrassment. Claire spread that like wildfire too when Cas told her about that in their text thread and the next time Donna called for help with research she asked for Uncle Sam and Aunt Eileen.
“Jack’s birth mother died in childbirth. She had intended to raise him but had asked Cas to raise him if she wasn't able to. We adopted him the night he was born,” Dean said.
He couldn’t lose Cas, not again, not after all the times he almost lost him before. He couldn’t lose this wonderful domestic life he built with Cas and Jack. It had only been nine weeks but he was gone because as much as he had lost, he had finally gained something too. If Dean had to practice, then he would friggin’ practice until he was blue in the face.
It was a car ride that finally settled him down at the two and a half hour mark. Within fifteen minutes of getting in the car, the smooth ride of the Impala soothed Jack into a deep slumber. They rode around for almost an hour and a half to make sure Jack stayed asleep. Cas and Dean hadn’t gone to bed until four hours after his initial wake up.
Bobby was tough as nails but softened more and more each day. He eventually got comfortable enough to quip at them in his signature grumpy tone. He joked more and listened to Dean tell stories about his Bobby and Rufus getting into trouble with a knowing smirk. Sometimes, Bobby even corrected Dean about the misadventures of the two old geezers.
In the midst of all the chaos, a newborn’s piercing cry split through the air. Thinking about Cas dying one more time and being unable to reach him, Dean succumbed to his pain and let the blackness wash over him once more.
Naomi turned back to Cas and straightened to full height. The air suddenly felt charged like a current and Dean briefly wondered if she was going to show off her wings in a gesture of dominance or power. The air cackled once more before Naomi spoke again.
Letting out a long sigh, Dean pulled himself to lay on his right side to observe Cas closer. He was still wearing the mud and blood-stained clothes from the fight on the hillside. The stain on the left side of the T-shirt where Cas had been cut up his entire side appeared dried and Dean could see irritated skin peeking out.
“Dean is a great father. Jack and I are both lucky to have him in our lives,” Cas said with a smile and look aimed solely at Dean who felt himself settle for a brief moment before Chad started talking. If Dean had hackles, they would raise when Chad spoke.
Sam said nothing but raised his eyebrows at the outburst. He set his hunter flash cards down and focused solely on Dean. Dean wiped his greasy hands on the rag smearing the black debris and leaned against the truck to mimic Sam’s posture. If Dean was going to make this work so he could be everywhere he was needed, he needed to keep his temper in check so everybody would be happy. He took a deep breath and refocused his thoughts. His plan wasn’t working out like he had hoped so he jumped on a different path. His perfect plan of split weeks had fallen apart.
Smiling sweetly, Dean would reply, “And let the whole town see how poorly I treat my husband and kid. What kind of fake marriage do you take this for?”
Time ticked slowly as Eileen read his writing and then reread it. She had a look of concentration on her face.
Rowena was furiously whipping through the pages of the book in front of her. Her carefully constructed curls were falling in disarray around her face as her eyes scanned the pages at inhuman pace looking for something, anything that could save Jack. A way to put the grace back, a way to make him breathe, Charlie returned next to her and began mixing ingredients at Rowena’s discretion when Rowena said she may have something.
“You’re great buddy. Give the rest of us a second to get dressed and we’ll help Daddy with the bees. Okay?”
“Our dear friend Mackenzie did a search on the web and now she’s trying to decide if we are serial killers or monster hunters,” Dean said with his hands lowering slowly. If she had been wanting to spray him, she still could but Dean’s arms were tired and he didn’t think she would actually spray him before she got more out of them.
Following the instructions for the most challenging movement, Cas stood between Dean’s legs. Dean tentatively raised the braced leg into the air. Cas gently gripped the back of Dean’s thigh just above the knee with one hand and the back of his calf with the other. He then helped guide Dean’s leg forward as Dean flexed. Dean could feel every touch through his own sweatpants and as Cas leaned to follow the movement of his leg, he was practically hovering over Dean. Dean felt Cas’s breathe against his skin and he could practically count his eyelashes.
“I’m sure we can figure something out so we can get you a car. You don’t need to be driving this around. We can probably scrape it and get you something better.”
The worst part though was the scars. He had several scars across his knee and a long scar the entire length of his thigh from where bones had broken through and where the surgeon had to cut. He didn’t have much time to focus on that before he was putting a fresh pair of sweatpants on, being wheeled away, and being dressed in x-ray safe, heavy gowns from the torso up.
Charlie Bradbury let out a longer moan of pain and squeezed her eyes tight as Sam almost let her go in shock. Dean felt his heart stop for a moment. The bathtub, the pyre, and the pain all came rushing back at once.
Three houses and four hours later and he was still mulling over the conversation. All three of the houses had been big no’s despite them being carefully selected.
“We should probably head inside. I don’t think the rain is going to let up soon and I promised I would call Sam back when we arrived,” Cas said as he turned his focus back to Dean.
Now, it was Cas and Dean’s home. A home for them to raise Jack right and give him all those little experiences the grandkids got that neither his Daddy or Papa experienced. They locked the doors silently and made their way back to the bunker not long after they cleared the pizza boxes. On the way, they got another dozen pizzas for the hunters waiting at the bunker who likely knew about what Cas and Dean had spent the day doing.
the room Sam and Eileen were staying in had already been looked through. They started in Jack’s room and found nothing which was to be expected.
“How about when the cool and nice Dean gets back, you let me know cuz I’m not a fan of you right now,” Charlie retorted with anger.
With the jar of honey put into her purse, Kathy and Neil made their leave but not before Neil whispered under his breathe which made Kathy glare at him. Sam watched him go to make sure he wouldn't circle back.
“Melissa just texted me saying she way now. Dev wasn’t feeling good this morning,” Matt said reading a text out loud.
His handsome orange cat was the friendliest guy in the world. He was missing half of his tail but that didn’t stop him from being adorable cat who caught Cas’s attention with a single picture on the shelter’s Facebook page. Then, he was a ten-year-old cat in early kidney failure which weakened his chances of adoption. It took less than five minutes to fall in love with his future cat because he was stupidly affectionate. He was also incredibly dumb and clumsy. The adoption counselor at the shelter even joked while signing the papers that orange cats would trade braincells for love but “Stray 845” apparently traded all of them to be the most affectionate cat alive. At sixteen-years-old, his cat had only grown more affectionate with age.
“Dude, you act like the stereotypical younger sibling. You’re the most rebellious. You start a lot of shit. You listen to no one. You are the standard hard-headed younger sibling that drives the other ones mad because you get away with things nobody else would.”
Monday of Hometown Week starts off easy and Sam thinks everyone is acting like their normal selves. Except for one thing...
Cas was bleeding out in the back seat while Dean faded in and out of consciousness. He remembered seeing Sam leaning over the backseat and towards Cas. He recalls Sam shaking him awake once, his eyes wide in fright and pleading garbled nonsense. The blackness visited again and Sam’s voice faded once more. Once, he saw Cas next to him and only had a second to wonder if he was alive before the thought was taken from him too.
Cas rolled his eyes, “Dr. Mackenzie said that most partners do the massage because its easier for them and had better benefits for their partner. I read the brochures already. The brochures and your doctor specifically talk about how a partner massaging your leg decreases stress and increases healing hormones. Dean, I’m fine with it so will you please ‘chill out’.”
Dean deals with the aftermath of his fallout with Sam and Cas until an argument sends Dean spinning in a new direction. Two redheads knock some sense into him.
Dean knew as the grace faded that everything else had healed except his stupid leg. Any hunger or thirst faded immediately and he felt a rush of energy. The truth settled over him immediately. His leg was beyond angelic repair for some reason.
The door opened slowly and Cas blinked at him. It was obvious that Dean had just woken Cas up from a nap which meant Jack was sleeping in the room too. His hair was standing straight up and he was working on shrugging a flannel over a t-shirt that used to be Dean’s not that long ago. In fact, as little as a few weeks ago. Dean remembered wearing that shirt. Didn’t he wear that shirt the first day they went to look at houses together?
Sam stopped meeting Dean’s eyes in that moment and shifted his feet from his standing position. Dean titled his head to try to get a better read on the guy. Sam was hiding something. He may be a good leader and a brainiac, but he was shit liar.
Plus, that meant leaving Dean alone with Jack and his thoughts. Being alone with Jack wasn’t something he was actually worried about. He could handle caring for Jack easily. It was the doing it alone that caused the unease. The loneliness that he would feel gripped his body tight and Dean fought to push it back. Sam hastily shifted his eyes away and turned Cas’s offer down stating that Dean and Cas both needed to be in the bunker with Jack and to assist Rowena.
Dean squinted down at Cas. His eyes were set on the horizon and his shoulders were slumped forward but still tense. Dean recognized this “grumpy” Cas.
Part of Dean tried to ignore how wrong it felt to watch Sam drive off to return to the life of a hunter without him. A zebra can’t change it stripes and Dean couldn’t stop being Sam’s big brother. He wanted to be there for Sam and with Sam just as much as he wanted to be in the house.
The woman smiled warmly, “Well, welcome to the farmer’s market. My name is Natalie Ordell. This little gal is Lily. My husband Matt is the handsome guy approaching us right now.”
The heart in Dean’s chest stopped when Jack’s breathing did. Several long moments kept his heart still when Jack, eyes still closed, tried to suck in a feeble breathe and seemed unable to. His little face turned blue before his lungs worked and he drew in a very harsh but weak breath. Dean’s heart thumped painfully in his chest as Jack drew another weak breath a moment later. Every breath was a struggle.
Now it was Dean’s turn to hesitate. He wanted to tell the truth but he needed to know what Cas thought first.
Eileen gave a hesitant wave and asked if they could talk for a few minutes which had Sam hurrying out of the room. Dean tried to stalk Sam but his cast slowed him down so the pursuit to whatever room Sam had sought sanctuary in was lost. He ended up running into Cas who joined him to discuss what was happening in great detail and speculation.
Cas started a story time for Jack a few weeks back and Dean was there every night. Dean would awkwardly stretch his casted leg out on the floor the first few weeks with a mound of pillows to support his back. Dean constantly complained about the cast after story time and was excited for the cast to come off so he could sit on the floor like a “normal” person with Jack.
“I nearly tripped over that dang pothole and dropped the eggs but Sam helped me. Promised them a loaf of bread as repayment,” Matt said sheepishly.
The house had stood empty for three years since the grandfather had been moved into a nursing home and passed away from a stroke after many years of letting it slowly fall apart. It needed extreme TLC and a complete overhaul. Every room needed some serious paint and refurbishing. The wallpaper was faded and gross. The flooring needed to be redone. There were knicks and scratches on every windowsill and trim in the place. The carpet was butt ugly though Cas’s love for shag carpeting was shining through again. Dean didn’t get it but that wasn’t a fight he wanted to get into.
“Would it be okay if I helped you? The owners of the stand are family so I can get their attention if you want.”
Escorting her through the bunker with brief tour, Dean helped her into an unoccupied bedroom she could claim for the time being. She looked shocked at how well the bunker was organized and she got excited at the sight of an actual computer. Dean grabbed her one of their burner phones and programmed it with all the major numbers she would need. When she saw the showers and comfortable bed, Dean smiled at how happy she looked.
The closet that contained the panic room needed a passcode to get in. Sam knew he should search that with the passcode he had been entrusted with but logic told him that neither Dean or Cas would stuff anything in there that wasn’t meant to be there. While Cas and Dean had relaxed into their new life, they would never put anything in there that would block them from being able to get to supplies or hide Jack in there.
Dedicated and moral Sam let it slide for the most part. Dean would be getting the cast off at his 12 week cast removal/check-up and then they would back to their age-old routine: Saving People, Hunting Things, The Family Business. Until then Sam thought it would be best to let sleeping dogs lie Dean over heard him telling Mary. He then told their mother that he had never happier than helping care for Jack and spending quality time with Cas. The weight of the entire world didn’t seem to rest on their shoulders for once and Sam said he was more than happy to let Dean and Cas enjoy these small moments with baby Jack. As much as Dean wanted to deny the gooey sentiment his brother dribbled from his loose lips he couldn’t help but be grateful Sam was going easy on him.
Thank you to everyone who has left kind comments so far! You have made me so happy! Please feel free to leave comments or kudos!
A whistle blew and Sam’s gaze was drawn back the field. Sure enough, Jack was handing a dandelion to a beach blonde boy who looked slightly older than Jack. The ball whizzed past him nearby and Jack didn’t even seem to notice or care.
A second later, regret colored Cas’s face. He opened his mouth to say something more but Dean was already using his crutches to stride angrily away. The slam of the garage door followed as exited the garage. Dean heard a loud thump and immediately turned back towards the garage and opened the door to peer inside.
Sam thought. It warmed his heart to know that they wanted Eileen and Jack to be able to communicate. Not that he ever doubted they would but knowing they could be doing something and actually doing it were two very different things.
Dean was supposed to wear the brace all day and night for basically his entire foreseeable future. He could take it off for showers when he was strong enough to stand and not a fall risk. In the meantime, Dean would have to settle for baths or sit-down showers while regularly changing out the 4 pads and wrap daily. He was also given a back-up brace and replacement parts.
Eventually, time between visits grew too but it was still always Dean loading up Cas and Jack and making the drive. First, they came at least one weekend a month or even two to start with. Those first months it felt more like they had never left at all and were just hiding somewhere in the large bunker. Out of sight and out of mind.
Unloading the trunk of the Impala was quick and efficient. Cas took the plants he had bought directly to the garden while Dean focused on getting the rest if their purchases inside. Not bothering to unpack the bags, Dean set them down in the kitchen before grabbing a blanket off the back of the lumpy couch in the living room. Grabbing a pop out of the fridge and some precut bananas and peaches for Jack, Dean made his way out the backdoor and to the garden. He unfurled the blanket and sat down on it to watch the show.
Cas and Dean bickered for a bit more and Sam just watched as the two friends became so wrapped up in their own little world that they stopped noticing anything or anyone else. Eileen nudged herself into his side so he wrapped an arm around her pulling her closer to him. His stomach was full and he felt himself relaxing more into the comfortable couch. There was a certain amount of contentment just hanging out and watching the events in front of him unfold.
After brief greetings, claps on the back, and hugs to go around, Sam and Dean made their way back to the car while Cas and Eileen stood under the porch lights. They were too busy gossiping to care that the brothers had departed to start unloading the car. Cas was smiling as he signed one-handed to Eileen with a sleepy Jack perched in his hip. Jack’s eyes kept fluttering closed and his sandy hair was tucked into Cas’ neck.  Sam shouldered Eileen’s duffle from it’s place in the backseat and grabbed the handle of his own. They had a few more bags in the trunk but Sam was hit with another waft of the burgers and he felt the growl of hunger deep in his stomach even more this time.
“We should tell him about the time we watched that cupid angel make those two dudes fall in love at a bar right in front of us. Remember when we were at that bar, just you and me…”
Cas dressed silently in his pajamas as Dean watched. He looked broody and unhappy. He hated this and Cas wished his emotions would go away faster. He silently wished he was alone even though every fiber of his being wished that Dean would hold him instead.
“You’re just looking for a hook-up, Clarence. Not a marriage. As long as he wraps it and isn’t too creepy, why not try to have a good time. The best way to get over an ex is by getting under someone else,” Meg said waggling her eyebrows suggestively.
The meeting came to an end and people filtered out of the room slowly. Charlie and Bobby hung back as Sam had requested. All the angels remained, even Rosalind and Naomi, for the second part of the discussion. Nobody said anything as the last few people stepped out of the room.
Dean gave Sam a look and raised his eyebrows quickly before taking a sip of water. The easy and light atmosphere was contagious and Sam knew Dean was right. As much fun as this was for the kid’s, it was more for the adults who chatted on the sidelines. Cas and Dean were popular amongst the other parents who kept stopping by to chat. They were excited to meet Sam and Eileen. Sam liked people well enough but the chit chat and small talk was beginning to wear on him.
At this point, Dean didn’t even care about hunting. He didn’t care about being retired. He just wanted to stop being afraid of the constant pain that came so devastatingly. Pushing that off, Dean tried not to be pissed at the situation. He tried not to be pissed at the way his life had gone. The anger burned low in his gut despite his attempts.
He had the folder from Doctor Hines in his hands and a look of agitation was written across his face. The car seat base must have been difficult to install and Dean could sympathize. The normal one Cas had chosen for Jack had been an “adventure’” to install in the back seat of the Impala too. He had cursed that thing to the deepest trenches of hell where the designers had gotten the idea for the damn thing.
Rowena’s eyes lingered on the fully formed rift for a moment before turning towards Dean and Cas who stood anxiously waiting. Jody and Donna had reappeared exactly once each helping an uninjured person through and into Alex’s waiting arms before disappearing again. Alex escorted them down the hallway.
Sam decided to go with an easy lie, “Eileen and I talked. We feel bad for taking Cas’s room. It’s not fair to him. If the pull-out bed is still available, we were thinking about taking that so Cas could have his room back.”
There are two types of grumpy Cas. The first grumpy Cas was one who was tired of the antics of whoever or whatever was bothering him (Dean frequented that list) which resulted in Cas getting downright sassy, if not a little bit bitchy. Dean got to witness that Cas most recently the previous Thursday.
They continued to sit there for a few minutes before Cas said, “Thank you, Dean. I’m sorry for approaching this with so much anger.”
“Though to be fair you could probably do better a hell of a lot better than being saddled with the Winchester brothers but I guess Jack is a good consolation prize.”
Then, came the angels he only trusted as far as he could throw them and, after holding angels in his arms, he knew he couldn’t throw them at all. Naomi was standing proud and tall in a crisp baby blue pant suit. Naomi had Duma, who wasn’t so bad, sitting at her shoulder who looked a little miffed and three more angels next to them. They stood a little farther apart from the rest of the angels.
One week and three days ago, a small knock sounded on Dean’s bedroom door. It was four days after Cas’s initial announcement and at 1PM Dean was busy ignoring his responsibilities. He had just settled with his laptop on his legs and the opening credits to
Dean called out when he had made it up a few steps, “Thanks for coming back to us… I mean Jack. Thanks for coming back for Jack.”
He toyed with the idea of letting Sam and Eileen come out so he and Cas could get some much-needed rest after the night they had but he hesitated in asking. It felt wrong, like Sam would be intruding in something personal. This caused a feeling of confusion within Dean. This was Sam, his little brother, one of the most important people in his life, the person Dean had loved the longest, and Dean didn’t want his help caring for Jack and Cas?
Sam could imagine Cas would have a hard time destroying a sick hive. He had always been a softie at heart after he had started rebelling.
The nebulizer was placed on the counter where it could be easily accessed. Dean replaced the partially batteries with fresh ones. He snapped the reusable batteries Cas had insisted on buying into the charger and plugged the charger into the wall to make sure that they were ready to go in case Jack had another flare up. He didn’t like it but was happy that they were more prepared this time.
”Fine, but I’m bringing you guys something home. Here’s my key to the house. Don’t lose it,” Dean said easily as he pulled the key off the key ring and handed it to Sam without a second thought.
This Cas thought his own fall and Dean’s injury could have been prevented if he had done something different the day of the accident.
Dean let Sam’s words wash over him. He glanced over at the playpen where Jack was sleeping. It all clicked into place. They would have to use Jack’s grace in some form to open a dangerous portal to another world long enough to bus an undetermined number of people through.
“Only about one and half hours by car. About four and a half to five hours walking for able bodies. Longer if I’m taking Charlie with. Why do you ask?”
“Rowena, we may have a spell from the Demon tablet, it needs four ingredients. Three of which we don’t have here in the bunker.”
Cas was leaning against the wall and looked up as Dean suddenly stopped at the sight of him. There was a bit of tension in Cas like he had been caught or, more likely, like he was waiting for the other shoe to drop after dealing with Dean all day. They stood there for a moment just staring at each other
Cas must have been listening because he burst through the door to find a tipsy Dean laying on the floor with the brace half-on. The room smelled like whiskey. Dean knew that for a fact because he had dropped the bottle on the way down. Dean tried to pull himself up in the bed to recover quickly but he let out another cry of pain.
Chad sighed and looked up from the magazine he had refocused on, “He didn’t say anything… Oh hey Cas, you’re looking good as ever today.”
“No problem, Dean. Some people just really enjoy my tool metaphors,” Mackenzie said while giving him a sly smile and wink.
Dean interrupted and talked loudly to cover Cas, “We aren’t doing anything until we find the perfect house for Jack, right Cas?”
Once they had that sorted, he called Charlie to ask for a favor. Unsurprisingly, that phone call had lasted longer than Dean had expected because the stubborn redhead pried every detail of their cover story out of him including the reasons behind every decision because “she needed to know”. She somehow managed to get Dean roped in to talking about the town newsletter and their first trip to the farmer's market. Her smug cheekiness come through the line loud and clear the longer they spoke but she promised to get the paperwork to them by morning.
Glancing out to their large front porch now that Jack had been tucked into bed, Dean was greeted with Cas in just his yellow sweater and jeans watching the sun set. The sky was a beautiful blanket or purples, pinks, and oranges. The budding maple that dominated the front yard even seemed livelier from the gorgeous day after such a thorough rain. Despite this, evenings still cooled off rapidly and the cold was setting in fast. Dean put on his jacket, slipped on some shoes, and stepped out onto their front porch.
“Good, I want Jack to continue sleeping in your room every night. That’s probably what saved him tonight was having both of his parents in the same room as him.”
Sam asked a few questions about the options presented to Dean in an attempt to draw him into conversation but didn’t push Dean. The doctor explained things very broadly to Sam while making it very clear that the road ahead of them was long. The questions eventually dried up leaving the doctor and his brother with nothing to do but take turns staring at Dean. In the end, Dean’s lack of response once again ended up being the decision itself.
Duma responded first, “Hannah thought it would be smart that during the readjustment period that we travel with backup. Hence, four volunteer angels to pick up two humans.”
Cas had finished massaging his leg when the timer went off and had moved up the bed to sit next to Dean as he talked. Dean shifted a little to make more room. He missed the contact immediately so when Cas settled in Dean leaned just enough so their arms would brush occasionally when they talked.
Who knew that stretches in an open living room were a little more comfortable that in a crowded bedroom? The answer surprised Dean for sure.  Dean had his back pressed against the couch from where he sat on the floor and Cas massaged his muscles. The relaxation as the muscles loosened and high from the massage was the part that Dean enjoyed most. That and Cas being so close. Dean could feel himself drifting off.
“Um, don’t we need to go to the garden to find those tomatoes you want?” Dean asked to steer the conversation in a different direction.
The atmosphere was light and remained light when Dean arrived. The girls had no outward signs of sadness and only relief at the sight of them. If any of the rest of his family truly was dead or gone, someone would have given it away by now.
A few outspoken members of Charlie’ faction yelled at the angels who returned fire. Hannah and Balthazar were trying to ease Naomi’s goons down as much as Charlie and Bobby were theirs. Dean saw a movement out of his eye. Looking down, Dean watched as Jack’s face contorted in upset as the yelling escalated to a new level and disrupted his sleep.
Dean leaned forward angrily, “Then, you probably want Cas to take one of the cars in the garage and run with Jack. Jack’s grace is going to draw the angels here but Jack and Cas will be in the wind. They’ll be completely untraceable. Two birds, one stone.”
“Well for small things, I’ll probably swing back for a few days here and there. For bigger things, we’ll cross that bridge when we get to it but I’ll be spending most of my time with you and Jack until you guys don’t want or need me around.”
Dean took a shaky breath and rubbed his watery eyes. For some reason, the words that slipped out drained him because he didn’t try to hide them underneath an easy lie.  He would need to clean it up before he found Cas but it was a start.
Dean had completely forgotten that they were throwing her a “Thank you for opening the rift” party that night as Rowena had planned to depart the next day. Even some of the hunters who had left the bunker showed up for the party making it even more crowded and louder.
Dean’s brain replied sarcastically. So maybe his eloquence was a little lacking but he was hoping he conveyed to Cas that Dean wouldn’t care or mind if Cas got comfortable enough to wear t-shirts. In fact, Dean would probably like seeing the wing burn more often but he really just wanted Cas to be comfortable enough to exist in their home the way Cas wanted Dean to.
The truth was Dean wasn’t sure. He wasn’t sure about a thing except that he was torn between what he should do and what he wanted to do. He knew Sam was about to ask about it being too much work due to the state of the house and Dean’s physical condition but Dean knew that he could do the house. He
“Damn straight. Baby appreciates your apology. You still didn’t answer my question about what is so important that you absolutely need the truck tomorrow.”
“I want to have something that I can do when we are done fixing up the house and as Jack ages. I don’t want my life to solely revolve around caring for him. I know money isn’t a concern but it would be nice to have something extra coming in just because. Beekeeping and making honey would allow me to pick my own hours and stay at home with Jack full-time.”
Dean let his eyes close for a long moment, content to let the bone-deep exhaustion wash over him again. He felt his mind begin to drift backwards into sleep. Dean briefly wondered how Sam knew spread their ashes before his eyes shot open.
“The second center thought that having a Daddy and Papa was too many dads. That’s why they were called Daddy and Papa they would explain. Daddy and Papa are two individuals. They are people all their own. Daddy loved painting and Papa loved singing. Daddy loved sleeping in and Papa liked waking up when their rooster crowed. Daddy loved sweet treats and Papa loved fresh fruit. The baby wouldn’t have two dads. It would have a Daddy and a Papa. Two completely different people to love a baby. Still the second center said they could not adopt a baby. A Daddy and a Papa were still too many fathers and not enough mothers they said.”
Dean and Stewart continued to chat cars. Apparently, they had both maintained the two cars in the parking lot. Dean and Stewart discussed the in-and-outs of classic car ownership and maintenance, trading off quick stories and unsolicited advice easily. Dean had turned more towards Jack now knowing just how agile the 12-month-old could be if he wasn’t looking and he didn’t need Jack falling out. Jack had gone back to playing with Dean’s hands. Their talk trickled to kids and cars with Stewart talking about taking his grandkids for car rides and Dean telling the story of the little toy army men stuck in the Impala.
Dean didn’t say the ocean was far away. He didn’t say that the imagined mileage between them was too far.
Most of the time however, Brandon was helpful. He gave Dean lots of free insight and tricks to help with their home improvement projects. He was sincerely interested in hearing about renovations, and they even talked about kid rearing a time or two. His youngest son Clayton was only a year older than Jack. Recently, Brandon encouraged Dean and Cas to considered signing Jack up for their preschool play group thing that Natalie and Matt from the farmer’s market also had their youngest in.
“Better now that I’m talking with the handsomest giant I know. Say Sam, the word around the grapevine is your girlfriend came back and your brother and the angel shacked-
There was a quick stop at the house for Dean and Cas to load an empty, constructed hive into the truck. They split into two cars because the truck didn’t have enough seats and the Impala couldn’t fit the hive. Eileen decided to ride with Cas so Sam rode with Jack and Dean. For a while the chatted about the 4-H fair and the rest of the week until the conversation circled back around to the expansion of their hives and Cas’s popular honey.
Kaia rounded out the tally group for Jody’s clan. Now all he needed was the Winchester clan to complete the family. Dean looked around. No Sam. No Mary. No Eileen. No Jack. No Rowena. He looked around again and he noted that he didn’t recognize a single face.  Some angels he recognized but not really. His stomach clenched nervously but he forced himself to relax. His instincts were on high alert being around so many new people.
There was a receipt with an estimated delivery date for matching wedding rings and a marriage certificate for Dean and Castiel Smith.
At the epicenter of the explosion lay one dead archangel and one dying former angel. Around them in perfect circle was charred grass and two sets of overlapping angel wings on the ground. The first sound Dean heard once the ringing in his ears abated was Cas gasping for breathes. The breathes were harsh but also so quiet- like they could stop at any time. The angel blade was still protruding from his chest.  He was alive but only barely so. Dean’s mind tried to understand what everything meant but found blackness creeping back into his field of vision.
“Yes, we do. Your doctor recommended it. You heard it all the benefits and how important it is,” Cas was squinting at him in confusion. He knew Cas was wondering why he was being difficult suddenly.
The doctor also said Dean needed to start physical therapy immediately to regain more motion and muscle in his leg but he could wait until he got home to schedule an appointment. Dean stayed silent the remainder of the time including checking out and the ride back to the bunker. Dean replayed the entire visit over and over in his head trying to figure out exactly when things went wrong as if he could go back and undo it all if he chose a better path. Sam knew just how much this was costing him and thankfully Sam was acting like the better brother he has always been and kept silent.
“Cas, please stay a little bit longer. You are obviously too tired to travel still. The safest place for you and Jack is here in the bunker with us. Dean will come around, I promise. Plus, you know Mom and I want you both here,” Sam said reassuringly.
Mary, usually an unsinkable force that could cut down a demon without a second thought, clutched the crying baby in her arms and was frozen holding the back door of the little cottage open. She seemed unable to move before Sam stumbled forward and asked her to help get them into the car. Sam still says he barely remembers the drive to the hospital and to this day he doesn’t remember how long it took them to actually get there.
“Better, his breathing has improved but it’s still shallower than normal. His face was so blue, Dean. I’ve never seen it so blue…”
Sure, he was laying it on thick and adding dramatics for suspense but Dean felt like a narrator of some of his favorite soaps during the final moments of a season.
Cas rubbed his eyes like he was trying to get the weariness to disappear. He gestured with his head inside his room and sure enough Jack was sleeping in his crib near Cas’s bed. Taking more care to keep his voice quiet, Dean started talking.
It didn’t take long for Cas to lead him to where Jack was being treated. Dean wasn’t prepared for the sight he saw and what he did see was enough to stop him in his tracks. Jack was inside an incubator make a plexiglass with hoses running from the chamber to large machines. He looked pitiful in just a diaper, his dinosaur onesie that Dean had put on him before story time missing. He laid on a white hospital blanket making small and feeble movements.
“Rowena, Charlie, something is wrong with Jack. His breathing is getting slower and he won’t wake up,” Dean said trying to sound more authoritative and in control than he felt. Rowena pulled her head off the table and turned her troubled eyes towards Jack. She looked back to the center of the room.
He would be invading Dean’s privacy. He would be invading Cas’s privacy. His brother and one of his best friends who had invited Sam into their home. Sam had already lied to them once today. Sam had dug through almost all of their possessions. This felt like a step over the line too far.
Not even twenty minutes later, Sam and Mary had backpacks on, guns loaded, and angel blades strapped to their legs. Dean was a little miffed he hadn’t been considered and judging from some of the shady looks Eileen was throwing she was irritated she hadn’t made the final cut either. The final blow to Dean’s ego was when Sam brought his crutch to him from the kitchen for everyone to see after Dean hissed in pain when moving to get more alcohol to clean Charlie’s wound.
Dean felt Cas thinking and panicking. The archangel grace was a completely different storm than Seraph grace. It was more powerful and all consuming. Dean was reminded of a bucking bronco as Cas tried to shape it to his will. It wasn’t fighting against them necessarily but it was just overwhelmingly powerful. As Cas struggled to maintain in control of the bulk of the grace, Dean leaned into the feeling with Cas and noticed the grace immediately acquiesced. Dean mentally brushed against Cas to give him strength and take control over both of their minds which Cas immediately took. Dean was just along for the ride and the ride at the moment trying to make him sick.
“I’m perfectly capable of driving my own truck,” Cas would mutter just enough under his breathe that Dean would have to focus to hear it which Dean always did. How could he not listen?
Thankfully, the store was calm and quiet. People were probably out enjoying the weather like Dean was itching to. Cas joked and smiled with Dean, mood clearly extra bright from the day so far. Hinges were gathered, new paintbrushes that Cas liked were debated far too long, and the cart was fuller than anticipated. The only thing that Jefferson’s lacked was a diverse selection of garden plants. They had the basic variety but Cas had already gathered those from previous visits.
“Positive. Did you forget the year I took off? Don’t know how much I told you but I worked construction.”
Dean was still feeling the high from whatever just happened with Cas and needed to focus on something else like making sure that people were being respectful of Baby’s space. He didn’t hear the man approach him from behind until he was nearly on top of him. Old hunter instincts kicked in and Dean turned to face the newcomer while positioning himself between his kid and the man. If a fight was about to occur, he would be too late to stop an attack but it would give Cas enough time to grab Jack and run.
The nurse didn’t listen to his pleas. Dean was stuck at the entrance listening to the flatline as the resident called for more and more things desperately. The defibrillator was attached and the order to stand back was given before the sound of the first shock filled the air. Dean saw Cas’s chest rise and fall. His heart rate monitored hummed for a second before returning to flatline.
One week and four days ago, he even got into a fight with Charlie. Dean was being a dick and he knew it. When others in the bunker found out Cas was taking Jack and leaving, they wanted to talk to Dean of all people about it. His responses started off short, then turned passive aggressive, and finally turned downright rude which sent many of the new occupants running out of the room afraid the legendary Dean Winchester would bite their head off. It accumulated until Dean snapped at Charlie for asking if Cas would want to join them for a movie in Dean’s room. Not thinking, Dean made some sort of snide comment. Honestly, he didn’t even know what he had said until Charlie returned his fire with fire.
It wasn’t long before news spread through the bunker and beyond about Papa Dean. Surprisingly, no one made fun of Dean for his new title. Sam smiled that stupid goofy grin when he found out. Eileen hugged him in the kitchen without saying or signing a word. Even Claire didn’t joke about it. Jody said it fit. Donna thought it was sweet. Garth had the biggest reaction and sobbed into the phone for ten uninterrupted minutes when he found out. Maybe he avoided ridicule was because even if he couldn’t physically catch them, he was still a damn good shot and had a good memory Dean had joked to Sam one evening. Sam rolled his eyes and didn’t say anything to that.
“Great, it’s good to have a big support system. You will also be going home with two braces. One should be your primary brace and the other should serve as a back-up but don’t be afraid to use it when you need to wash the skeleton of your primary brace or wash the pads of the main brace. They can build up a terrible smell if they don’t get washed regularly. You’ll have to hand wash them but I’ll be sending home instructions on how to care for your brace. Next, let’s talk about your pain medication. If you are still taking your medications, you’ll likely need to continue to do so for the foreseeable future. How often and how much are you taking of your current prescription?”
Naomi narrowed her eyes sensing a trap. She stepped forward towards Cas and Jack and Dean leaned forward against the blade instinctually.
“Greeaaattt,” was all Dean said to that. They had been attacked, threatened, Jack was whimpering against his chest, and now he was going to have to read lore to try to save a world they probably would have to watch burn.
Jack was reaching big milestones outside of his angel abilities. He could hold his head up by himself now and could sit up with some support. He was trying to roll over and becoming more and more successful. Eating was always entertaining to Dean now that Jack could bring his hands to his mouth and smear what little solid food they allowed around his face. They had started him on solid food a little early to supplement formula feeding just ever so slightly. Cas never appreciated the mess but Dean always enjoyed watching Cas go soft for how cute the kid looked. It was times like this that Dean wished he had two sets of eyes: one to watch Jack and one to watch Cas respond to Jack.
That stung. Which is exactly why Cas had gone on the date in the first place. Dean didn’t want this part of a relationship and here Cas was forcing Dean to take care of him. Cas needed to start the grieving process and find someone who wanted to be there when Cas got smacked in the head with a baseball.
Cas raised his arm over his head and smashed the vial against the ground with as much force as he could muster. The glass shattered with a pathetic sound against the damp soil.
The metal was smooth and cool against his forehead. The feeling grounded him and let him open his eyes after a few moments. His breathe left a damp spot against the roof. For another minute, he concentrated on his breathing. When the pain diminished, Dean looked up to find Cas staring at him.
The nurse rolled her eyes in faux exasperation but the fondness was clear, “Funny, I thought Jaqueline finally let you adopt her. Let me get your stuff.”
The important part was Charlie was going to be okay. Dean’s heart tugged protectively. Whether she wanted his help or not or thought he was too overbearing, he was going to protect her this time. One thing he damn well knew was he was not letting her go back into the rift even if she wanted to. He’d pin her to the ground before he let that happen.
They were two blocks away when two police cars flew past them with lights and sirens blaring. They headed in the direction of the house and Dean didn’t need any more permission to get the hell out of dodge. Cas started laughing five minutes later and Dean joined him. Jack started babbling and blowing bubbles in response which only spurred on their laughter.
Jack had bad days too but they were nothing compared to the good ones. Cas and Dean got Jack through them all and that was all that mattered. Jack and Dean were not the only ones who had bad days. A few weeks after Jack started walking and when he was just over eleven-months-old Cas had a bad day.
There was an awkward silence between as neither knew how to approach the next topic. Dean was either a deadly serial killer or a hero monster hunter. His physical therapist was tougher than he had given her credit for. She was tougher than she looked if she was willing to corner a potential serial killer instead of giving him up to the police and the FBI. A shimmer of pride went through Dean.
“Cas thinks it will discourage Jack if he hears any adults saying that they’re not good. I tried to say they’re three and it’s a miracle if they can kick the ball without falling over but you know Cas. We are positive parenting. A few people take it too seriously but nobody actually keeps score. If none of the kids eat dirt, that’s a win in my book.”
Truth of the matter was Cas and Jack would always need Dean. Sam knew it. Eileen and Mary knew it. Everything under the sun knew it. Even the emotionally constipated angels knew it.
When Dean knocked on Cas’s door, his bravado faltered. Maybe he wasn’t drunk enough (or at all) for this. Casual hook-ups had never been his style and this was the second time in the five months since his break-up he was going to have sex with a virtual stranger.  Last time, beer had calmed his nerves and helped him loosen the reins a little.
There was no way Cas could have known that the spell would rip the grace out so violently until Jack started having problems breathing. Another example of bad luck. Cas stared at the floor during that part of the story and Dean leaned into him a little to offer some comfort. It wouldn’t matter what Dean or anyone said, Cas would likely always blame himself for what had happened to Jack.
Cas stiffened where he was standing next to Dean. Ever since they left bunker, Cas was hard pressed to let Jack out of their sight for more than a moment when they were outside the comfort of their own home. Even a powered down Nephilim might be worth something to somebody they both knew. Dean didn’t like it either and his hold tightened around Jack protectively.
“As I was saying, for home care, as the name suggests, you will need to practice at home. Like today, you'll need to keep the brace on even while you practice at home. Our goal is to get you off the crutches and adjusted to the brace. Eventually, we'll get to a point where we start removing the brace for PT but that's a long ways away. For the program I have designed specifically for you, you will need a partner for most of it too.:
When goodbyes were being said, Stewart turned to Dean, “I know the field isn’t the friendliest for people who are… different but if you ever want to see about jumping in give me a call. My guys are all great and wouldn’t have a problem with it. Heck, if you ever want to swing by to see what we do, don’t hesitate to ask.”
The anger came rushing back. Dean never stood a chance. He would never win this fight. Cas didn’t respond and that was all he needed for an answer.
Dean was thrown back into a memory. Cas was signing to Jack right before story time and Dean was too busy watching the scene in front of him. “And this is how you spell love Jack. Watch carefully now so we can spell it for Papa later,” Cas had said with a wink in his direction. Cas signed the letters carefully in front of Dean’s and Jack’s face.
Jack was clearly on his way to Snooze-ville so Dean placed the baby on the blanket in his lap. He didn’t want Jack resting on his rigid brace. He began to gently play with Jack’s hands in attempt to engage him enough to keep him awake. He could feel Cas was watching him but soon enough Cas began to speak by reading the title and author out loud. The low gravel in his voice washing over Dean and Jack immediately.
“It wasn’t a stupid decision, Dean. I took a calculated risk. I know you’re probably upset about that but I couldn’t let them take you and hide you where you would be lost. I managed to workout for myself that Jack’s grace opening the rift is probably what drew them here. Even if I ran with Jack, he would eventually have another grace episode strong enough to draw the angels in again and I’d rather have you by our side for that than lose you. I couldn’t leave Jack hidden somewhere safe to try to save you. With his colic, I thought he was more likely to scream and cause something else to happen which would have drawn the angels to him anyway so I brought him with. They said they had no intention of hurting him and him being part archangel meant that he was likely worth more alive than dead. The one thing I am sorry about is saying they can have Jack and for acting like you don’t have a say in any of it. You and I need to discuss what they told us. Am I still an idiot or do you agree I did the right thing?”
Trying hard to ignore the spouses comment, Dean told him their rush to the ER. When he had finished talking, it felt like he had just relived the night over again in an exhausting feeling of Deja-vu. Dean glanced at Cas who was staring intently at Jack, watching every breathe rise and fall in that little chamber completely ignoring Dean and the doctor. Dean’s leg ached but he wouldn’t ask to sit down so he leaned a little more into his right leg. He had to stay standing for Jack the illogical part of his brain told him. He had to be strong when Jack couldn’t be.
At the end of the cup, Dean felt a little less like an idiot for agreeing to this day. He was taking Cas to look at another four houses before attending his rescheduled physical therapy appointment with Mackenzie in the afternoon. This time they were going sans Jack who would be spending the day with Mary. She was visiting for a few days for a much-needed break before returning to Heaven and had gotten in not long after Jack’s bedtime the night before. Originally, Eileen had volunteered to watch Jack but Mary asked to spend time with Jack instead.
Cas appeared hesitant. He looked at Dean for a long moment before flicking to Jack and back up to Dean again. When he spoke again, his words came out quickly, “Why did we end up in the meadow? I’ve tried remembering all the places we’ve been together, even the bad ones like that town that we threatened to blow up during Samhein or the one we got stuck in with the Whore of Babylon-“
“Not really. More like a side-business or hobby. Obviously not full-time if that is your concern. I just want something I can do that will make me happy. It would be nice to get a break from being a father to start my own honey business. If it interferes with our life too much, then I will stop but it would be nice to work towards something else too.”
A week later he had a date to a professional baseball game with a guy named Ketch who seemed nice enough. He didn’t open with a pun like Dean had which was a slight disappoint. They didn’t text much leading up to the date. In fact, Ketch seemed a little snotty for his taste but Cas needed to get over Dean. That logic did nothing to quell the sense of wrongness about going on a date.
The fate of the eggs matched the fate of the pancakes. Dean’s stomach rumbled as he stepped back to allow a family with three small kids to get their food together. The line was forming behind them and he noticed the youngest kid was likely only a year older than Jack. He couldn’t imagine trying to raise a baby with angels set on exterminating them. He felt a rush of gratefulness of Jack’s more normal upbringing. It still wasn’t normal by any means but it was better than the alternative. Dean stepped back and looked to the pancake table to make sure there was some left for the families gathered at the egg table. Unsurprisingly, the pancakes were gone.
“She says that the look is an improvement and you should consider becoming a mosquito malaria net full-time.”
Cas squinted at Dean like he was trying to read Dean’s face because he didn’t know what he meant. It took Dean back to their early days. Back to when Cas was an all-powerful Angel of the Lord at the beginning of his rebellion and was struggling to understand humanity. It reminded Dean of when he was trapped in the room and Cas had come to pull him out. The thought of that sent a tingle through Dean which he pushed down. Cas admitted not long before that he was getting too close to the humans in his care. Dean wondered briefly how that version of Cas would feel about the conversation and circumstances they were in right now. He forced himself back to the present and continued speaking,
“Yeah and what about it? On the list of seven people we got, six had said no. Nobody had any better ideas. I did what I thought was right and I won’t apologize for trying to save Sam, Jack, and the rest of the people trapped over there. Plus, not that any of you asked, Kaia and I are over it now. We talked. She’s cool. I even gave her the option to leave and told her I would get another dreamwalker and she said she would come with. I promised to protect her if she helped us with this one thing.”
Dean opened his mouth to ask what was happening when Cas began speaking loudly from his position in front of the girl.
Reinforcements on the way, a spell figured out, and it was time to say goodbye. Team-A packed their bags and prepped for their return to the apocalypse world. They had about 3 hours before the rift closed and they were going to head out shortly in case the rift closed sooner than expected. Dean couldn’t get the itch out of his skin that something was off about the whole thing. Sam being weird earlier and Sam leaving in general without him felt wrong. Granted, he was going with three of the people he trusted but that did little to soothe the instincts to protect Sammy he had since he was four years.
Then, Dr. Ellie Sattler did something very unlike her. She turned around and let Dean scratch along her lower back. The universal sign for trust. Cas was flabbergasted.
“Listen, lady. My kid nearly stopped breathing tonight so why don’t you do us all a favor and sit your ass in that chair far away from this desk,” said Dean pointedly. Dean had half a mind to swing the diaper bag at her to create space and give her something to complain about. Dean felt sympathy for the woman initially but she had pushed his buttons tonight.
Sam looked up for the first time and gave Dean a weird look before returning to his notecards, “I mean I’m fine with that if you and Cas are fine with that.”
“I’m better now, Old Man. Missed your face,” Claire said she turned her smile towards Dean, “Hey Hasselhoff, I’m glad to see you didn’t kick the bucket.”
Mackenzie must have seen the wheels churning and subsequent realization. She told Dean to call his partner inside while she went to get the packet of paperwork that would go over all the home exercises and the mission of her clinic since Dean didn’t seem to know it. Cas picked up on the first ring and told Dean he would be inside shortly.
Another four weeks passed in the bunker and Dean “begrudgingly” accepted his role in Jack’s life. Or maybe not so begrudgingly the more time he spent with Jack. He tried to act “begrudgingly” at first but he stopped acting like that almost immediately that in front of Cas because he was still trying to convince him to stay. Then, he stopped acting like that in front of Mary whose soft eyes always seemed to be able to tell when Dean was putting on an act. He would still sometimes act like that in front of Sam when he was being extra annoying or showing his stupid “Told you so/I was totally right” smile right to Dean’s face.
The effect was immediate and tension eased thanks to Baltazar’s quip.  Dean remembered the flashes of the dull yellow when the grace was fading. That must have been when the angels were waking up and having to kill demons. Dean only felt a little guilty that they were forced awake only to have to fight for their lives the second they did.
Dean was even less impressed with Vidal Sassoon when he googled the quote when Mackenzie stepped out of the room and found out the inspiration for his physical therapist came from the inventor of the bob-cut. Sure, the guy had become a millionaire but he would be forever known as Mr. Bob-cut inventor.
Any unknown visitors were met with hisses and disdain which caused most to not bother trying to earn her affections. The guests who did try were met with swats with claws out and spatting. She tolerated Meg and ignored Balthazar because they would occasionally cat sit but she never approached them. If Meg brought treats, she let Meg pet her occasional. Balthazar and Dr. Ellie Sattler had a mutual agreement on acceptable space distance. Cas loved his cat but sometimes she only liked him back depending on her mood. She didn’t like people other than Cas and that was okay. Cas loved her anway.
The ride the rest of the way to the bunker was spent in their own respect thoughts. He was thinking of every reason to stay in the bunker and due his duty to Sam and the forming organization. He needed to be there to keep Sam, Mary, and Eileen safe and pass on his knowledge to the new generation of hunters.
She dabbed her eyes with cloth before she continued, “Originally, I was going to force the reapers here to bring him back but when Sam called and said you needed to open a portal to that world I changed my plans. In fact, I had been going crazy trying to think of a plan. I would go into the world where Fergus- where Fergus died. I was going to bring him back. I was going to save him. Then, a big lug was holding a barely breathing baby in front of me with the saddest pleading eyes and I had to make a choice.”
Sam watched his brother bite the inside of his cheek and not respond. He waited for a snarky comeback but Dean didn’t make a response which was worse Sam knew. Way worse. The only thing that would stop a snarky comeback was something that went above sheer animosity.
Without even asking, Perla started making Dean a plate which he scarfed down ravenously. He didn’t even have to ask for the recipe before Perla was sliding him a nicely written note card. Saying thank you, Dean felt a little bitter. He didn’t need recipes anymore. Dean wanted to rip the thing apart. He couldn’t bring himself to throw it away in front of her so he tucked it into the back pocket of his jeans with a fake smile.
The no good, awful, terrible bad days were when they were forced to make the drive from their home into town.
The skin between eyebrows drew together as Dean interrupted his prayer. The hair on Dean’s arms began to rise as the familiar static of approaching angels signaled their descent before Dean saw them. Mackenzie felt it too because Dean saw her eyes grow wide and raise her can of bear spray just in time to level it directly into the face of Balthazar.
Once Dean got over the initial excitement and happiness that Eileen was very much not dead, he began to get a little angry. It irritated Dean at first that she hadn’t just come to them for help and then hadn’t corrected their wrong assumption that she was dead the entire time. Mostly though, he was miffed at her for breaking Sam’s heart and letting it stay broken.
“It would make the most sense for me to come from a strict religious household. Church two to three times a week. No fun and definitely no TV. Lots of discipline. Almost reminds me of the good old days in the garrison. My upbringing would also explain why I won’t mention parents or things like that.”
“Well maybe I’m just trying to treat ya nice, Cas. Ever think of that?  Plus, I can’t let anyone else think they stand a chance,” Dean would say with a wink at Cas.
Dean, Cas, and Eileen filled them in on the bunker attack. They all pulled up chairs around the nearest table. Cas sat next to him and Dean gestured for him to hand Jack over for the millionth time that day. Cas hadn’t put Jack down since the rift opened and had turned Dean down every time before. Even when they were waiting for Sam and Mary to come back through the rift, Cas didn’t set Jack down while he fed him.
The doctor watched in fascination. Then, it seemed like the weight of everything that happened hit her like a ton of bricks and she sat down to collect herself in the seat without looking on the stool.
They met at a public bar so Cas could make sure Dean wasn’t secretly a creep. They chatted over beers and free chips. Dean was easy to be around. He smiled when Cas stammered his way through introducing himself. He laughed at the few lame jokes Cas had prepared. He appeared genuinely interested in Cas’s work at the Museum. When Dean started talking about his work as an architect, Cas was surprised to find himself returning the sentiment. Some more beers later and Cas didn’t even have to think about whether he wanted to have hook-up with Dean.
Dean swallowed before he continued, “The point I’m trying to make here is. You shouldn’t have to hide here either. You can wear whatever you want but I promise I won’t judge if you show some skin buddy.”
Jack blew raspberries when Dean’s phone pinged stopping their conversation short. Looking at his phone, Dean said to Cas, “Sam wants a meeting in the war room at 3pm. He asked that we both be there. He apparently wants to debrief before that too so don’t make any plans today.”
Dean started sensing trouble when she took more shots than before. His hunter instincts were on high alert when the technician asked Dean to remain where he was and left the room only to return a short time later with Dr. Sands and two other people in white coats he did not recognize. The technician who had been assisting Dean pointed at the screen in the small room she had been sitting in.
A weird feeling mixed with some panic sunk into Sam’s brain. He walked over to the dresser and pulled the already open drawer out even more. Much to his relief he found that the drawer was full of sweaters, several of which he knew for a fact belonged to Cas.
Less than 20 minutes later, a winded Dean burst into the ER. He made his way over to a light-headed Cas and demanded to know how he was doing. It took the reassurance of two nurses that Cas seemed to be doing alright despite how hard he had been hit. They reiterated were keeping him overnight before discharging him to someone who could spend the following day with him to monitor him. One of the nurses asked if it would Dean. Dean said he didn't know.
Dean let his eyes wander over Cas searching for other signs of visible injury before returning to his face. He looked so serene and untroubled while he slept despite the various cuts and fresh bruises. His hair was messy and he had a dried clump of grass lodged in there. Mud flecks across his cheeks accented his cheek bones.
“Tell you boys what, I’ll swab Jack’s cheek in here where you both can see him with Bianca holding him okay? Most parents, especially first-time parents like yourselves, tend to yank the baby away every time we bring the swab towards their mouth. When you are ready, please pass Jack over to Bianca while I grab supplies.”
Cas and Eileen departed towards the swollen concession stand line leaving Sam and Dean to finish setting up the two chairs and blanket Eileen had brought as the game started with a shrill whistle. A glance at the field stopped Sam in his tracks.
The door was shut with a soft click and Dean was left alone with everything that happened the last few days.
In day-to-day life, Dean was able to work through most of the pain that came with his shattered knee and femur. But on Dean’s bad days, he wanted nothing more than to down a whole bottle which is why he always tried to grit his teeth and push through it. Dean had gone as far as to force Cas to hide the pills somewhere he couldn’t find them and only Cas had access to.
Jack was in heaven. He was holding Dean’s hand in theory. He kept pulling Dean’s arm to its limit in a desperate attempt to get his Papa to move faster and closer to whatever caught his attention. The little fingers kept slipping from Dean’s grasp and Dean kept having to rope him back in. He excitedly looked around trying to take it all in and demanded to be held when the tables were above his head.
"Wow. So all of that had to happen just so you and Sam could stop the apocalypse and meet Cas one day."
Cas found the first of the twelve of the names he was repeating and started to pull them into his arms. Or their arms. Dean was there with Cas but they were also both still on the hill. Cas shifted in preparation to let Dean help share the load and he began to feel the weight of a million suns in his theoretic, straining arms. Somehow, they were both holding the first angel that Cas had pulled into the embrace and it looked like vessel when the angel had died on earth. Underneath, something shimmered that was painful to look at.
Dean did. How could he forget the events of Cas betraying them and then sacrificing himself later on? He had gone to bat for Cas against Sam and Bobby because he trusted him. It turned out that Cas was working with Crowley to get the souls out of purgatory to stop Raphael from restarting the apocalypse by freeing Michael and Lucifer. Cas had kept secrets, lied, and spied on them all because he didn’t want to involve Sam or Dean until it was too late.
Dean rolled Sam’s words in his head before letting them sink in. He would never admit that Sam’s words of reassurance made him feel a bit better but they were a stark comparison to the other feelings he had rolling around inside his head in the moment.
When he got to the part about the angels returning for Jack, Dean shifted his eyes and looked downward. The little guy was curled on his chest sound asleep but it felt like if Dan looked at him he may disappear in front of him. He didn’t know how they were going to get out of giving Jack to the angels. Especially now that the only option he currently saw was to go on the run but with a powerful and unpredictable baby like Jack and with his grace acting like a homing signal their chances of staying hidden were zilch and their luck would run out eventually.
It was another six hours before they would be released. It took Dean nearly an hour to complete all the forms with their fabricated life. Afterwards he and Cas either stood or sat near Jack as the incubator worked its magic. Nurses came by and took Jack’s vitals and even removed him from the incubator twice to do other such tests. Not one of the nurses even asked Cas or Dean if they wanted to hold Jack. They were far too busy helping Jack to be worrying about Cas and Dean needing the reassurance that came from holding their kid. Cas and Dean could see and understand that Jack was improving but until he was in one of their arms it all felt imagined as the scare from earlier still clouded their thoughts.
Mackenzie tortured Dean some more by making him go through a lighter version of the therapy they had worked on earlier. She narrated out loud and had Cas watch her before switching roles by having him come and take her position. Dean felt like a prized cow on display as Mackenzie focused on instructing Cas and correcting any mistakes she saw. She was meticulous in her observations and Cas listened intently.
It surprised Dean that he had turned into Mary’s personal venting outlet about those “son-of-bitch-might-as-well-be-brick-walls” angels. They were talking at least a few times a week and it almost always started with Mary saying, “I am going to rip the wings off-”. The mock heaven was up and running and Mary was being met with nothing resistance, diplomacy, and angels wanting the equivalent of a five-year plan for one step forward. Their phone calls would eventually taper to what was going on in the farmhouse, Cas, and Jack but Dean knew he was always in for a good time when Mary’s name lit up the screen.
Sam registered the conversation moving forward but something was sticking in the back of his mind. The thought was poking at him relentlessly in a desperate attempt to tell him a piece of pertinent information. He took another bite of his slice of cake when the thought exploded. It was the recognition was he had never seen their office after Dean painted it the first time. Or the second time. What else had he missed? Then, it dawned on him and the force of the realization felt like a punch to the gut.
“Don’t start Sam. We both know when I made that promise that I had nowhere else to go. I would get in the way of all the hunters at the bunker and Cas was kind enough to let me tag along. I’ve done such a wonderful job of repaying him clearly.”
Dean was still processing that bit when Mackenzie ended the day by saying, “You both got this, I promise. It was so great to meet you both. Read the packet. Any questions, don’t hesitate to email me. I am super late to my next appointment so I have got to skedaddle. Tell Jack hi for me! I just can’t get over how cute your son is Dean! See you in three days!”
Maybe there was something that could be done to help the people in the room including a partially human Cas. But humans and angels needed to get along to do so. They needed a common ground. The common ground stood directly before Dean. Part angel, part human standing between the two groups he wasn’t truly a part of. He had an answer for one. They would have to figure out the answer for the other.
“Yeah, Becky Rosen something. She’s the number one seller of everything Winchester online. Do you know her?”
Dean swallowed nervously; they hadn’t parted on good terms. He grabbed Cas’s wrist who looked up and immediately shifted Jack further away from Billie on the blanket.
The truck was still in the barn but the sight was worse than he imagined. Dean found Cas staring out the windshield, eyes holding back tears, and gripping the steering wheel of his truck so tight that his knuckles were pure white. He didn’t move when Dean called his name and opened the door. He didn’t move when the door creaked loudly in protest. He didn’t move when Dean whispered his name again in worry.
Dean hobbled over to the table in the corner where a nurse as prepping a stack of paperwork large enough to make Sam excited. The nurse briefly went over each form telling him where to fill and which sections to ignore. She talked about emergency numbers, insurance claims, and a few other things that he could probably understand if he paid attention. Dean’s fatigue was setting in as the adrenaline wore off until the nurse said something that shook him awake.
“Hey, so we need to talk,” Dean said as he opened the package for the new timing belt as he tried to keep his hands busy.
The third hook up turned into four. Then, pretty soon it was the eighth and then the twelfth in less than two months. Those little hormones Cas had felt had transformed for an absolutely pathetic reason. Cas was fully aware that he was “crushing” on Dean. It felt like a middle school crush in that it was all consuming. The reason had nothing to do with the sex.
Not truly satisfied with the tourniquet but knowing time was running out, Dean refocused his attention to the door Cas had been trying to get through. It was one of the few long sealed and rusted exits of the bunker. If he had tracked the layout correctly, they were far from the library and near the hill on the opposite side. Dean turned the handle but the door wouldn’t open. He pressed his shoulder against the door and heard the complaints as the rusty hinges tried to open unsuccessfully.
Eventually, it was just Dean, Cas, and Jack left standing in Cas’s room. Without saying anything, Cas nodded down at Jack and Dean immediately took Jack for his turn to hold their kid.
“Jody and the girls are coming from Wyoming. If I call and wake them up when you get the list of names, I’m sure they can pick one of the dreamwalkers.”
Cas never did have many possessions as an angel or even while briefly human the first time. Anything he had of value he had kept in the pockets of his trench coat. After he fell, his room in the bunker looked a little more lived in and Cas had started the very human trait of accumulating his own possessions. This room seemed to have little to no possessions at all. There were no pictures, books, or clothes that seemed to belong to just Cas. It looked much more like a hotel room than a room a human would stay in for 2 years. It looked exactly like a guest room of a farmhouse would.
“No, I have no problem sharing the same last name as you, we are both his parents. I thought you were erasing Kelly from Jack’s life but really you were protecting us like you always do.”
"Cas, most people’s partners end up doing this for three reasons. The first is usually the person doing the PT is a little tired and sore and they may not be able to reach the affected area. Second, it’s hard to effectively massage yourself. Everyone in the world knows its better to get a massage from someone else instead of yourself. No research necessary on that. It will also be hard to get a good massage with the brace covering such a large portion of your leg. The brace will need to come off so Cas can reach the entire knee and thigh unrestricted. The brace goes on immediately afterwards."
“Nope, pays for their extracurriculars and video games. My name is Matt by the way. As a payback for saving my bacon, let me treat you to a loaf of my wife’s bread.”
Dean didn’t dare comment on that. He wouldn’t give her the satisfaction. The last time he and Sam had been taken and locked up, Cas couldn’t find them no matter how hard he had tried. They made a deal with Billie the Reaper who Cas then killed. Cas had looked wild-eyed and lost then. He had said some things that Dean still thought about sometimes when he couldn’t fall asleep at night. Those words would collide like a jet plane with the words Cas had said while dying from the Michael spear. Taking Dean and not killing him would be a much better route to draw Cas out. How had Naomi known what was going on inside Cas’s head so well?
“- so anyways Shirley still says if I don’t like it, I can sleep in the garage! Anyhow, the test is done cooking and wouldn’t you know it’s positive. Jack is going to be fine and if he doesn’t start improving in a few days with the antibiotics give me a call,” Dr. Stern finished still laughing at his own story.
“Okay, okay,” Sam repeated as he processed the information slowly, “Okay. Wait, how did you come to that conclusion?”
The connection between Cas and Dean dimmed from Cas’s efforts. He felt Cas’s mind fall backwards and away from him. Shocked by Cas’s sudden collapse, Dean reached out and latched onto Cas so he wouldn’t slip into a plane where Dean couldn’t follow him. Cas mind embraced him back desperately. The grace was nearly completely gone and angel radio was now alive with wails of confusion, agony, and revelations. Dean felt Cas physically grab onto him with his free hand. One arm was still thrown over Dean’s shoulder and the other hand held onto Dean for dear life like Dean was the only thing keeping him anchored to their plane.
Overall, Dean reckons he had a pretty okay day from where he was sitting now even if Mackenzie did try to kill him with over-excitement, over-thinking, and physical therapy. He was still going to look into an anti-succubus when he had a moment alone.
“Apparently, this morning when you asked them to bring a dreamwalker Jody and Donna split up with Alex and Claire to go through the list Rowena created. Jody and Donna took four names while Alex and Claire took three. They were struggling to find a willing participant and kept being turned down. Claire took things into her own hands after being turned down a second time. Instead of asking Kaia if she would be willing to help, she pulled a gun on her and kidnapped her from the facility she was staying in.”
The next day Dean woke up and made a conscious effort to do better in regards to Jack and Cas. If Cas saw him trying, then he wouldn’t try to leave again Dean tried to reason. Sam had told Dean long after Cas’s bags had been returned to their proper place the night before that he needed to figure out how to be around Jack not just for Cas but for all of their sakes. Mary told him (gently) to grow up. Neither of them knew that Dean had overheard Sam and Cas’s conversation last night.
Mackenzie said the most important thing Dean should bring was a good attitude and willingness to try when she introduced herself. Mackenzie said she was going to make him work to better himself. Mackenzie said that they would go easy on their first visit together.
Instead, Dean let himself sink back to the floor and gave up all attempts to get upright. Cas knelt next to Dean with a look of concern. The room around him tilted and Dean reached out to steady himself on Cas. Cas didn’t question him as he helped Dean steady himself by holding his arms. Cas gave a brief yell for Sam and Sam appeared in the door a little winded. Dean didn’t need them mother-henning him so he decided to try to play it off.
“Yeah, my family owns Winston’s Automotive. We have 47 stores in the Midwest. We offer any kind of repairs but we specialize in repairs and restorations of classics. Started working for my dad when I was a kid and now I own it all. It’s always a shame when someone with your skills leaves the industry.”
“Extremely. She looks a little different but she’s hard to spot in a hive surrounded by a thousand other bees. Cas claims that she is easy to find but I just think he likes to brag. Just like how he brags about never getting stung which is fair because he doesn’t.”
None of the people departed right away though. They stood laughing and talking for a few minutes before someone Dean didn’t recognize came to the door to ask Eileen and Sam for help. Goodbyes were said and hugs were passed around again. Mary debriefed Cas on last feedings, diaper changes, and naps. Eileen offered to take Jack for the night which Cas declined quickly.
The cast itself did what it needed to theoretically, but progress x-rays were a no-go. The only way to see how his leg was healing was to remove the cast. This had Dean concerned both due to lack of knowledge on his progress and the pain that still hit him like a ton of bricks. The pain had slowly been going down but it was still more substantial than it should have been in his opinion.
Dean had been hoping that when the cast came off his life things would return to before. He would be on the road hunting with Sam, Eileen, and Mary. Part of Dean longed for the open road in Baby on their way to a case. The familiar feeling as miles passed by to his favorite songs.
Jack sat up on Eileen’s stomach and looked at her seriously. Concentration graced Jack’s face and he puckered his lips. Jack began to carefully sign to Eileen, “Do you want…eggs?”
The technician then came over the speaker again and stated they were going to redo the radiographs so he needed to just sit tight a while longer. Dean nodded in understanding and watched the technician fire up the machine to redo the entire process. Dr. Sands hadn’t mentioned two sets of x-rays but Dean didn’t spend too much time thinking about. Maybe something had gone wrong with the first set. Machines made mistakes all the time he assured himself.
“Kaia, don’t leave me! You are doing amazing. You’re almost there! I’m here and I’ll protect you. Please just try one more time and then you’re done. Just please keep trying,” Claire pleaded.
Cas spoke this time, hesitating at first to bring his eyes from Jack to the doctor, “When Jack was five months old, he stopped breathing one night. About a month later he had another episode but it was minor. A… doctor that night recommended we have one on hand just in case something like that happened again. The doctor then was worried about asthma.”
Cas made a good point despite his interruption and snark. It was likely Jack would be waking up in the middle of the night since he had gone to sleep early. Technically, whoever had the crib in their room was responsible for getting up when Jack does. Lately though, if the other person heard Jack’s cries they would get up too. For the last week, Dean an Cas had both gotten up at least three times to help the other out. One would hold Jack on attempt to calm the little guy down and the other would make a bottle or do what needed to be done.
“I sped read all the way them through the last book. Someone named Becky had an entire set on sale in her shop and overnighted them to me last week.”
“Yeah, you kept telling me things would get better and looked like you were enjoying your time so I figured you wouldn’t want to go! Plus, we both know you won’t leave Sam.”
It broke his own heart to think about them not making it and forcing Sam, Eileen, and Mary to raise Jack without them. But at least in that scenario they were all alive. It hurt worse though to imagine Dean Cas, and Jack not making it and Jack not being where they are. That would break Dean and destroy Cas.
Daddy and Papa were so happy to bring Baby Ella home. They were also nervous with all the mean things that had been said to them by the first two centers but they didn’t need to worry.  Daddy, Papa, and Baby Ella all played in the big yard of the farm and collected the eggs from the chickens every day for breakfast. They made goat’s milk and cheese fresh on Sundays. Baby Ella called the Daddy ‘Daddy’ and the Papa ‘Papa’ and never got them confused about which one was which. Daddy taught their baby how to paint with her fingers and Papa would get up early to play with their baby. When Baby Ella was scared she would run to Daddy to soothe her. When Baby Ella was tired, she would ask Papa for snuggles. Daddy and Papa both played important roles in the Baby Ella’s life. Every single day, Daddy and Papa would remind each other of the promise they had made when they signed the adoption papers and every day they loved their little baby even more.
Baltazar spoke first with look at Naomi, “I think what some of us are trying to say is that most of the angels are going to be spending time trying to restore Heaven back to its glory. You know, having your little human souls happily tucked away in your little Heavens.”
Dean turned and took a long look at Sam who still had the protective hat and pair of gloves sitting in his lap. He looked Sam in the eye like he was seeing him for the first time in a while. Sam felt like he was being examined under a microscope and that he had  failed some weird test when Dean turned back to the road.
“It seems to be our family’s superpower. Especially when it comes to picking up strays from yours. Here’s your order,” Natalie said as she gave Dean and Cas a hug each and the bag she had packed.
Dean had been busy reliving his super fun night when a warm cup of coffee was pressed into his hands. Cas stood in front of him looking as tired as Dean felt. Neither of them said anything as they sat at the table and drank their coffee.
“And the angels who I promised to Jack to and will take him away forever, who attacked us mere hours ago after Jack used his archangel grace to accidentally open the rift rift, they are going to sense it and probably come to investigate which is why we need more people.”
“Oh Dean, you poor, feeble-minded boy. I was just popping in for a visit before the real action started. You know when the demons finally get in or whatever is waiting on the other side of that catches up to your friends, you’re going to need a reaper or two. But that won’t include me because I’m no longer just a reaper and that’s all thanks to you”
If Cas had heard the entire argument, he did not give any indication. Dean gave the nearly empty form back to the receptionist with a small, apologetic smile. He grabbed the diaper bag and turned to follow Cas. He heard the woman huff in irritation before continuing her tirade as they walked through the double doors and back into the heart of the hospital. That poor receptionist was certainly going to earn every cent of her hourly wage tonight.
They followed Jody out into the quiet hallway and the tension visibly eased in Cas’s shoulder. It only took another turn to guess where they were going. Voices drifted down quietly and the heart in his chest beat hard. Sam’s voice sounded agitated. He was pacing around Cas’s room. Mary was holding Jack and Eileen was trying to calm Sam down. Charlie and Bobby stood nearby.
Cas still appeared puzzled and wary when he responded, “It’s my night and Jack went down without a fight. Charlie’s currently in my room watching him until I get back. I think he should be fine.”
“Cas... if you’re Daddy, Sam is Uncle, Eileen is Aunt, and Mom is Grandma, what does that make me to Jack?” Dean asked, hesitation clear in his voice.
Each time he came to he tried desperately not to pass out from the pain. Pain from Cas dying and from his own injuries. He tried to stay awake because he had to help save Cas. Sometimes he was successful.   Most times he was not.
Of course they went to the farmer’s market. How could Sam forget? Dean and Cas went every week and had become vendors themselves.
Mary and Maggie had been much gentler. They promised to call if things went wrong and assured him like a babysitter would a parent who was leaving their baby for the first time. Yes, Charlie was monitoring the systems from her home with Stevie. No, they didn’t need nightly check-ins. No, Mary wasn’t going to come this time, she was about to head out on a hunt but promised to join next time.
“Charlie’s hurt pretty bad so they least you could do is take her to a room with bed so she can rest. Better yet one of you can use those magic angel powers of yours and heal her.”
Cas was still leaning on the truck and giving Sam his signature head-tilt and squint. Cas’ eyes contained a lot of emotions Dean recognized lately- hurt, pain, and simple exhaustion. All caused by him.
Dean decided during his very first visit with his physical therapist that she was either sadist, a monster, or both. Bubbly little five-foot-nothing, 100 pounds soaking wet, Doctor Mackenzie Peterson with her stupid, high ponytail and permanent smile was more than she appeared. Dean thought he hit the jackpot when she had told him to call her by her first name and said she was going to get him through the exercises with as little pain as possible. After all, what damage could a girl half his size possibly do.
“Because that’s the kind of person you are. You sold your soul to save Sam which is what landed you in hell. It makes sense that you would try to save Sam in a bar fight with bad odds. We could say that Sam was having a hard time and that you stepped in to save him despite being outnumbered. I would eventually save you but not before they got a few good blows. After the fight, we got to know each other while I stitched you up just like I remade your body. You fighting a biker gang to save Sam shows that you are a good guy who cares about family.”
Sam had never seen the renovated kitchen that Dean was always talking about cooking in. He had no clue what the front door, which caused a stiff argument between Cas and Dean initially, looked like. He never saw Jack’s baby nursery painted blue like the sky (and Cas’s eyes Dean once told him) and he only knew what Jack’s current race-car toddler bed had looked like because Cas had sent him a picture of Dean and Jack cuddled together asleep with an open book on the twin bed a few weeks ago. He had not visited since the few days he had spent helping them move their furniture in and get settled.
Cas got into the seat silently and Dean shut the door behind him before using his left hand to support himself as he made his way back to the waiting driver’s side. Without a word, Dean steered the Impala down their long driveway. He noticed Cas was shivering so he turned the heat up to full-blast and the Impala whined in protest. Cas hadn’t bothered to grab a coat for himself but had grabbed a blanket for Jack to be wrapped in to stay warm.
Sam signaled for them to scoot back and into the war room. The rest of the family filed out leaving Dean and Sam until they were the last two left. Dean jerked his head at Sam who retreated. He gave one last look to the rift before joining everyone in still red lit war room.
Sam began to speak, “Thank you for coming, everyone. As you know this was thrown together last minute but I think we’ll have plenty to discuss. I think our goal here today that everyone can agree on is to 1. Understand what happened and 2. Decide where to go from here in a peaceful manner.  Everything we discuss today should come from a place of honesty so we start this on a good note.”
The one-time Dean insisted on driving himself to an appointment Dean had stranded himself and Baby on the side of the road. It was supposed to be a repeat of exercises Cas and Dean both were already practicing so Cas could stay home to watch the increasingly unpredictable Jack despite his offer to come. The fatigue of physical therapy with Mackenzie who insisted on pushing him with her bubbly can-do attitude (which worked in the moment) forced him to pull over.
The other part of Dean worried. He didn’t know what they were going to do if Sam and Mary didn’t come back by then. It had been hell on this side of the rift because the angels had felt Jack’s grace so he could only imagine what they encountered.
The trip throughout the store was unremarkable. Cas found a few things he didn’t need and Dean found a few things that they hadn’t been able to find at Jefferson’s. Since they were going to be working on the doors, Cas decided he wanted a new front door altogether. They stopped by the aisle containing all the doors that were available for order and delivery. That’s when things got heated. Cas and Dean had a fundamental disagreement about which door to pick. Dean wanted something solid that offered a good barrier to the outside world. Cas wanted something friendly with a window to let light in. They agreed the backdoor should have a screen door they could prop open and that could be solid but the front door disagreement was reaching a point of contention.
Even back then, Cas was family. Which is why it hurt when Cas lied to him, when Cas went against them, and when Cas died in that lake to try to stop the leviathans. It was why he kept that stupid, dirty trench coat.
“Don’t you dare compare this hunk of junk to Baby,” Dean replied with no heat. It felt good to bicker with Cas about nothing.
Dean tapped his pen against the table. His instinct was to hide by brushing this off but his unconscious that told him to trust Eileen. To open up even. He was slowly going insane thinking about the situation so maybe it would be a good idea to get a second opinion before he fried his own brain. He scribbled his response so quickly it was almost illegible. She would know about it soon anyways.
“I was created with a purpose, Dean. I have abandoned that purpose. Even when I was fighting by your side for all those years, I was still an angel who knew that everything I did was for good. For God. For what was right. I no longer follow the purpose I was designed for. I am no longer a servant of Heaven. I’m human and somehow I’m the happiest I have ever been in spite of it all. Claire smiling at me on our weekly video calls, well nothing holds a candle to that. Not any glory in battle. Visiting Sam, Eileen, Mary, and all the other hunters brings me greater joy than my former garrison ever did. Above all else, being here with you and Jack makes me happy. Ridiculously happy. This entire weekend was just one amazing moment after another. From the pizza to painting to hanging outside today, everything about this weekend was near perfect and I realized something. I’m the happiest I have been in my entire existence. And that seems blasphemous.”
Jack sat raptured at the story of how Mary Campbell and John Winchester met, fell in love, and kicked ass in between. Dean played it out, letting the Jack dangle on cliffhangers when Dean had to take a break to do something in the kitchen.
“Speaking of our fake-marriage, how long do you think do you suppose we’ve been married?” Dean asked to move on from the topic of his early issues with Jack but once the words were out of his mouth he felt embarrassed and the blood rushed to his cheeks.
Sam hadn’t been sure what he was fishing for by asking Dean about their attendance with their doctor but he hadn’t found out any information that would swing his mind about the room situation one way or another.
“About an hour and a half. We tentatively have an appointment at five but I can cancel it if you aren’t up to it or don’t want to go.”
“So we all pegged Dean wrong, so what? Your options are letting me kick his ass for leading you on or getting back on that app and finding another man to get over Dean. Worked for Ishim, should work for your ‘crush’ on Dean. You want a relationship? Don’t fuck guys who say they don’t date.”
“I never really got into dinosaurs or all that old stuff. Didn’t understand the hype. I don’t understand the internet's current fixation on animals. They are too messy and needy. Always been more of a logic and numbers guy myself.”
“The last thing I wanted to talk to both of you about is what to do after your nightly PT. When it comes to you and your program Dean, I am recommending massage therapy. I’ve included some information about massaging in the packet for both of you to read but I’m going to give you a speed run of what the packet contains in case you can’t get to it for a few days because you have a baby and life is busy.”
Dean shifted his eyes down to the water bottle. He began to crinkle the paper and struggled to recall when he was told he would have to bring a partner. Cas and Sam hadn’t said a damn thing and they had made the appointment. Mackenzie must have been sensing his confusion because her smiley demeanor slipped for a second and a brief frown graced her face. Fixing the smile back on her face, she continued speaking.
Instead of responding, the Impala sped up to pass a minivan and tractor trailer with a press to the accelerator. Sam grew more suspicious as Dean changed back to the right lane and glanced over his shoulder to see if Cas followed him.
Truthfully, Dean hadn’t known what to expect the rings to look like and he hadn’t told Cas about the rings until after they arrived. He kept them in his pocket until the second follow-up with Dr. Stern after the fateful trip to the ER. The trip where Dean had told the world that Dean and Cas were married with an adopted son. Dean sat Cas down and explained before the appointment why they should have the rings on when they were in town to keep up their fake marriage façade. Cas didn’t disagree or even try to argue.
Beautiful Dean Winchester was perfect in every definition of the word. It was such a shame he didn’t date. Though Cas didn’t know how he would have time to even have other sex partners with how often Dean and Cas were together. If any of Dean’s other casual hook-ups were receiving this much attention in bed and beyond, then they were just as lucky as Cas felt. To be the center of Dean’s attention made Cas feel as powerful as the angel he was named after.
Dean choked on a piece of licorice when Mackenzie said screwing and unscrewing. She held out a water bottle for Dean to take. He unscrewed (ugh) the lid and took a few long swallows. He didn’t like the sound of at home-care but he wasn’t going to argue until he heard more about it.
Dean was so happy to have Cas back that he didn’t realize he was going to lose him when Cas began slowly taking over Jack’s care. The minute they had returned to the cabin and Jack had been placed in Cas’s arms that was it for Cas. Jack was it for Cas.
It became immediately clear to Sam that as much as he wanted to raid his brother’s room to find answers to the questions he had running through his head Sam would not do that. It had taken years to fix broken trust between him and Dean that they both had built. There would have to be another way to find out what was behind the door.
There was that smile again. Cas had a good smile that complimented the rest of his face well. Dean liked making Cas smile and the realization made Dean the tips of Dean’s ear warm up. And his eyes staring at Dean made him feel seen and understood in a comfortable way. Dean also noticed Cas had reached out and gently grabbed Dean’s arm. The warmth of Cas’s long shivers sent a slight shiver down Dean’s spine despite it being a warm day. The rush of emotions was so strong that Dean had to turn away and clear his throat to regain his composure. He wasn’t sure what came over him in that moment.
Everyone in the room thought he and Cas were together raising their son. Not that they had done anything to suggest otherwise and seemed to be actively going with that suggestion because frankly it was easier. They would never know that Dean was a former hunter of the supernatural or that Cas was a literal fallen angel raising a Nephilim. So far, they thought that Dean and Cas were together and adopted Jack after an unfortunate circumstance.
Cas immediately tensed and shifted Jack to a more protected position. Dean strained against the hold and was met with the angel blade pressing more firmly into his neck. Fear rocketed through him. Naomi said they didn’t mean harm. But what if they had come to murder Jack just like they used to all those years ago back when Cas did his duty as a loyal soldier? How did Cas not see this trap? Angel blade pressed to his throat or not, Dean would go down fighting if they made a move towards Jack and he knew Cas felt the same Naomi raised her hands in the universal no weapons stance.
“Cas told me last week that they were so excited for us to come that the room was almost done way before that. Sunday at breakfast Cas called this room the guest room.”
Sometimes Cas grew visibly irritated by Dean’s words and outbursts but would bite his own retorts back knowing Dean was looking for a fight. Dean would poke and prod Cas in these times desperate for a viable outlet to let his rage explode. If Cas fought back, then there was an actual enemy in front of him he could defeat. He never took the bait which only served to embarrass and enrage Dean more both during and after his outbursts. Most of the time, however, Cas was endlessly patient and just concerned with helping Dean get through the bad days. Cas would tend to Dean and offer comfort in whichever way Dean asked.
The next few days flew by. The first night they ended up watching Switchblade Sisters after spending the day reading lore and making the game plan. After the first day, most of their time was spent setting up the library for the spell which included moving the tables to the side, renewing wards/sigils, setting up bunker for the arrival if its new occupants, and running practice tests in anticipation of the event. Dean tried to force people to focus but Jody was person for keeping everybody on track them practicing a training run. Every second that Dean wasn’t practicing or reading lore, he was distracting himself by enjoying his time with everyone.
The man glanced up and Dean immediately recognized Bobby. Not his Bobby but Bobby from the apocalypse world who they had only met once. That didn’t stop the tug at his heart of hope and loss. His face was so similar but a little older than their Bobby ever got to be. He looked in worse shape since the last time he saw him: dirtier, bags underneath his eyes, and lots of minor injuries in various stages in healing across his forearms and face.
The groggiest memory of the day after his two-day shut-in following the appointment that landed him in the brace surfaced. The first dose had worked fine but Dean’s leg had been fresh out of the cast and into the brace and he wanted to feel less. Dean told a little white lie saying the pain was still high. They had doubled his dosage the next time and found that that dose made Dean extremely sleepy and tired. He had barely woken up for dinner and Story Time and that was only because Sam had shaken his cranky ass awake. Sam told him with a smile that they had made the first physical therapy appointment for the following week. Later that night, when the second dosage had waned, was when Cas found him talking to Jack.
There was a pause before Dean spoke again, "You feeling okay after eating the enchiladas with that vegan meat?"
Charlie lowered her broom and winced slightly, the front of the new shirt Eileen had put on her had spots of blood tinging the front. She studied Dean for a long moment before dropping the broom completely.
This Cas once took his truck without telling Dean a few weeks after moving in and disappeared for five hours while Dean waited with a bated breath in the barely unpacked house. He anxiously enabled the GPS on Cas’s phone in the first hour to find him. Cas had spent the remaining hours driving aimlessly in large circles with the house smack-dab in the center. Dean spent those hours alternating in caring for Jack and tracking Cas on the map. Part of Dean expected Cas to stop driving in circles, pick a faraway destination Dean couldn’t see, and take off. Logic told Dean Cas would never leave Jack behind but fear plays powerful tricks on the mind Dean knew.
At 3PM, that’s when the day took a nosedive. The dungeon was bursting at its seams. Dean had taken residence behind Sam and Eileen who were at the center of the hustle and bustle. Cas was pressed to his shoulder due to the sheer number of people crammed into the room and Jack was sleeping in a playpen next to them. People were even packed to the door. With so many unknown people in the bunker, neither Cas nor Dean were particularly comfortable with the idea of Jack being left alone in a room away from them. At least the colorful playpen offered a barrier between Dean and the rest of the room.
Dean slid in the front seat and adjusted his braced leg into position. After inserting the key, he turned the ignition and the rumble of the engine roared to life. The people surrounding the car all stepped back to let him go. He shifted into drive and eased out of the garage. He glanced back in the rear-view mirror and watched as Cas, Sam, Eileen faded into the distance.
The echoes of Jack’s laugh filled the house from a mini-dance party that Dean accidently started Saturday morning while working in Cas’s room. The walls had originally all been painted the same color early on but they both wanted to liven up their respective rooms. The lovely and warm amber paint Cas picked out for his room had finally come in and Dean started painting Cas’s room immediately. Cas loved the color so much Dean had ordered extra and was planning on painting one of his walls the same color to match.
Unfortunately, x-rays to check his progress couldn’t occur because the risk of Dean catching on fire was “not low” he had been told. Apparently, the company was already getting sued they found out weeks later when eight separate patients at other hospitals had caught fire while having x-rays done. Lawyers had been sent to serve papers to said company but they disappeared off the face of the earth like a ship in the night.
Dean should have known. He should have known as quickly as something good happens it can and will immediately go bad.
“Now, we are going to talk about at home care. On the surface, physical therapy is about helping with pain and working to regain muscle control and balance. But it’s so much more than that! Mostly, physical therapy is about giving you tools to succeed in life and making sure those tools are effective. If we give you a hammer when you need a screwdriver then we are not setting you up for success. Catch my drift?”
Bending low to get in the oven and reaching tall shelves were still hard for Dean to get things out of with the cast so Sam was frequently playing fetch for him. He didn’t mention it but his leg was killing him. Dean also recognized that if they didn’t soothe Jack soon he was likely going to be headed towards a full scale meltdown. Whispering calming words and praise, Jack quieted almost instantly and began to fall asleep in Dean’s arms.
“What do you want me to say? ‘Sorry that I’m an asshole who can’t handle pain’ or maybe ‘Sorry for being a goddamn burden’ like he doesn’t already know that. Let’s try ‘Sorry for forcing you to let me stay in this house when you and Jack probably would have been better off by yourselves’. Because, let’s be honest Sam, if something attacked right now I wouldn’t be able to save them. Better yet Cas would probably be happier not having to babysit the hunter reject that nobody wants around.”
If the carnage in the hallway was anything to go by, Cas was lucky to be in the shape he was in. Cas grimaced and leaned a little allowing Dean to lift his t-shirt beneath his flannel. The shirt clung to his side from the sweat and blood. The cut was deep. It ran from just under his armpit down to his hip barely missing the ink of the Enochian tattoo on his stomach. It was a gruesome site.
Baseball was boring and Cas knew that before he came. That’s why he had never went to a baseball game to begin with. He would rather be at home with his cats and Dean watching a movie…
They ducked around stalls until they approached a large stall with a bright pink tablecloth and sign that read Ordell Bakery and Sweets. Three fourths of the table were decorated with various baked goods. Large muffins bigger than Sam’s fists that crammed full of berries or chocolate. Beautiful loaves of bread that looked straight out of a magazine. Croissants, Danishes, and smaller items all glazed in colorful frosting sat on a plastic tiered stand.
This time the notebook slid a little too forcefully and nearly flew off the edge of the table. Eileen had to scramble to catch it. She read over his note and frowned in confusion. Dean realized his mistake immediately. Gesturing for her to return the notebook, Dean carefully wrote his response.
It wasn’t a lingering kiss or even one with passion. It was a kiss to make sure things were real. That they were real. Dean felt his heart melt at the sight and knew immediately that Sam didn’t care about the past. No matter what secrets were kept hidden those were washed away because they were alive together. Dean could sympathize with someone you care about coming back from the dead and forgiving them for everything. Dean glanced at Cas who was smiling at Sam and Eileen and bouncing Jack. Sometimes, it didn’t matter that they had hurt you so much when they left just as long as they came back in the end.
“Tell her she can borrow a few extras we have if she returns them. Remind her I’m still waiting for her to return my FBI badge making kit.”
