When they get to Regent's Park, Mike lets him off the blasted leash and John wastes no time bounding through the green space.
First he has to figure out how to tell a logical, brilliant Muggle scientist whom he adores that magic exists. And convince him not to run away.
“John,” groans James. “I’ve seen pictures of this Victor bloke. He’s a John 2.0, total look-alike. Our boy is obviously pining for you,
John scratched behind his ear, embarrassed. “Yeah, I figured that would come up.”
by Adalbert Waffling (understandable)
Still. “Did you really just crash in on the two of us to be smug, then?”
“Oh, John! You cut your hair. It looks very handsome.” She looks knowingly at him. “Special occasion?”
John raises his hands to calm Sherlock, who looks half-mad as he starts to shout. It comes pouring out like his wand has finally snapped.
“I might be. Well?”
.  The talk about Sherlock’s history with Victor that concluded with John’s unwillingness to reciprocate information about his own past.
Curious (and helpless as ever to quell his curiosity), Sherlock eases the door open. In September, he wouldn’t have dared, but since then Sherlock’s own room has been breached by snooping ears, and he feels entitled to a little retribution. Besides, John is not just his friend but his favorite (contemporary) artist. Sherlock feels he ought to take every opportunity for an inside peek into his artistic process.
“What did it involve?”
“That’s a pejorative phrase, Mum.”
John and Harry groan. Their mother is well-intentioned when it comes to politics, but she errs on the side of
John gives another happy bark, and licks Sherlock’s face.
India. After the school year is over. The two of them clutch each other, take turns crying and wiping away tears. It feels like the end of everything.
He knows the buyer had fled the scene quickly. He thinks that’s when Pearce pulled out his knife, and John had tried to pull Sherlock out of the alley. He’d begun to consider just disapparating the pair of them away and damn the consequences.
Sherlock shouldn’t have snapped at Molly like that and he knew it. He hadn’t been expecting the slap, although he’d probably deserved it. Afterwards Molly had immediately gasped and sputtered an apology before scurrying away.
“Hey you two,” John said as he dropped into the bar seat on Sherlock’s other side. Sherlock heard Irene say something pointed about going to dance and
He’s in the kitchen, unpacking plates and looking for wine glasses when he hears shuffling in the hall and John’s key in the door.
“Well what?” Irene returned, with a confused scowl.
So just because Sherlock is no longer
There is Irene, speaking intently to John, heads bent towards each other, John’s brow furrowed and forehead crinkled in confusion.
When the pair of them finally make it onto the bus, everyone else has already boarded and they’re greeted with wolf-whistles and applause from the rest of the company. Lestrade shouts, “You go, Johnlock!” only smiling wider when John flips him off.
“Lucky shot.”
(John is too busy panting and grinning up at an equally delighted looking Sherlock to care.)
“Of course you did, Mary, you’re brilliant!” John grinned enormously, and gave her a wet smack on the cheek. He loved to see Mary happy, considering all she did for him. Mary beamed and dragged John over to see the cast list.
could…
“I am going to murder Irene,” Sherlock says. “Right after I figure out how to change that text alert tone.”
Sherlock was fuming as he thrust the prop into John’s hands. “Mercutio is meant to wear a necklace that symbolizes his wealth. It’s a central piece of his costume, but
Bill nods in appreciation. “I remember that. Nearly snogged your face off after that Quidditch match, he did. And Ravenclaw had lost!”
“All the men in my family have long hair,” he says. It’s true, but it tastes like a lie.
"Don't even joke! That’s
“Yes. We’ll be in touch, very soon I’m sure.” John holds it together enough to reach out and shake Sherlock’s hand (hoping his palm isn’t too sweaty), and bid him goodbye. (He tilts his head down in a stupid little bow for a reason his brain does not understand).
Irene squints down at John’s phone. “It’s worse than we thought, Mike,” she tells him solemnly.
“Hello!” calls John cheerfully as he enters through the kitchen, shaking droplets of water from his blond hair and pulling off his coat to hang besides Sherlock’s. The sight strikes Sherlock as perfectly domestic, so he plays along and asks “How was your day love?” as he continues rifling through boxes.
, then went to a small university where all the men were rich, sons-of-bankers, stuck-up pricks.”
You do realize that with this ankle I can hardly run back, right?” Sherlock slants an amused grin up at him, eyes sparkling, curls falling into his eyes.
John covers his eyes and takes a deep breath. “I really think you should come inside, Sherlock.”
- When he told Sherlock he was so hungry he could eat a hippogriff.
John leaned in close, eyes dark and Sherlock thought maybe…and then John said, “
John backs away from her so she can’t hit him again, cupping the back of his head protectively.
Sherlock rolls his eyes “Of course not. You're clever, you probably
The room was cramped and too hot and definitely a fire hazard waiting to happen, but John immediately loved it.  It was an oasis of chaos inside his otherwise pristine school.
Some of the tightness eases in Sherlock’s chest as he hears the warm, familiar cadence of Molly’s voice. He listens to her padding through the house (looking for a private space to speak uninterrupted by nosy mothers).
what I’m talking about. The
“That’s so cool,” John whispers back to Annie with a big smile. “Thanks for telling me. I think it’s fantastic.”
“Shhh, boys. Irene is speaking. Ahem. Ireniacs, Wat-heads, Sherlovers, do
“It’s not a line,” John murmurs, protesting.
Molly manages to hit the white outer ring when she takes her turn. Sherlock misses entirely, arrow flying wide and landing in some tall grass beyond the lawn. He looks in time to see John’s teasing grin. (Sherlock doesn’t mind much that he saw, if it means John’s eyes were on him.)
. Which is what we’ve been doing.”
“I’m often told that deducing people isn’t the best way to get into their social graces,” Sherlock says, hoping his elevated pulse isn’t noticeable to John.
the show for once. It was like Sherlock had been transported through time. He spoke the words so feelingly and earnestly that they were suddenly unmistakable in meaning. And God, what he was saying became...surprising.
straight at John, John takes another step back in surprise. The sharpness there sparkles, and John is overcome. His mouth waters a little bit, and he swallows noisily.
There’s a long silence while Molly gives this information the consideration it’s due. “That…”
“I’ve seen you here before. Always sitting alone, always working hard. I thought I’d ask you out to have some fun, for once. Help you take a break from whatever this is you’re working on.”
This, John simply cannot understand, and the disbelief spills out of him. “What? Why? What happened?”
John nods thoughtfully before beginning, “Listen, there’s something I want to say.”
, for one, which is on tour now. And it looks like you set a trend! Earlier this week, Victor Trevor used one of your concerts to announce his own bisexuality.”
“Let’s just pretend that never happened, yeah?” Sherlock should have known this would happen
John laughs. “No.”
Just this once, Sherlock lets the amusement in her tone slide. “
Sherlock hums and starts to suck a bruise on the side of John’s neck like a bloody vampire. Oh, vampires! John needs to remember that Sherlock will want to hear about them sometime.
Yes, Sherlock had grown a few inches since the summer ended, but now John notices that other things are different
John starts, feeling wrong footed as they both straighten.
(See the end of the chapter for
is too tempting to resist.
“Oh, come
“Okay, now I’m
Sherlock settles gracefully into the small group of queer kids at Surrey prep. If John’s suspicions about Molly are correct, the group is comprised of John, James, Irene, Molly, and now Sherlock. After Irene’s routine intimidation tactics fail to work on Sherlock, the two of them get along shockingly well, their matching intensity slightly terrifying to witness. Molly is soon harboring a crush for Sherlock (the girl is forever falling for gay men) but Sherlock ignores it and they soon become friends as well, their interests in forensics and pathology overlapping. James is soon acting like Sherlock's overprotective big brother, and John becomes his partner in crime-solving.
Sherlock smirks at John. “If bowling was your idea for our first date, then we ought to try mine, next. Let’s go dancing!” Without waiting for an answer, Sherlock is dragging John out of the bowling alley by the hand and looking for a cab. “What do you say to making some headlines tonight, John?”
” Victor purrs. “Not while we’re on the phone.”
John hovers by the seat next to Sherlock, licking his lips. He can’t afford to muck this up again. “This seat taken?” he asks. Sherlock’s eyes slide to look at John askance for a moment before he turns his head to look at him straight on. He looks guarded, and calculating, but not hostile. John swallows, waiting.
“Protection?” asks little Mary, eyes alight with curiosity. “What are we doing today, Mr. John?”
“Sherlock, can I take you out on a date sometime?”
“I have a Aol account,” says his dad.
John, not taking his dramatics seriously in the least, chuckles, and Sherlock feels his body shift beside him.
Sherlock trails off, blushing horribly (beautifully). He looks to his right, left, anywhere but John.
“Well, what for?”
first day back?”
With time, John has only gotten better at hiding his true identity from Sherlock, and it feels wrong.
Victor slinks away with another wink to Sherlock, and John consciously has to relax his jaw. If he grips Sherlock a bit fiercer during their dances, looks at him a bit longer, Sherlock doesn’t mention it.
Well. This was all... quite illuminating.
(Also let me know whether you enjoyed this fic, while you're down there <3)
Sherlock sighed as he turned over the new name in his head.
“Sherlock!” shouts Mr. Holmes from the next room. “For God’s sake, you’ve done nothing but mope all week and the boy flew from America to see you! Stop complaining!”
crawl up his spine that sparks between their lips. Sherlock suddenly drags back, fingers hovering over his lips, like he had felt it too.
London. Are you trying to get arrested your first day on the job?”
Sherlock doesn’t consider himself to be a vain man, but he knows that his appearance has significantly improved in the past ten years. He has learnt to tame and style his hair, his skin has cleared up, and he’s discovered the merits of bespoke tailoring. Most of his prior classmates have not aged so gracefully. The gymnasium is awash with receding hair and paunch bellies. But tonight is not about showing off to his past schoolmates (however gratifying he may find their gaping faces). Sherlock is here for one reason.
John looks pitifully up at Sherlock. “Of course, I am. This is the cheesiest, showiest thing I’ve ever seen, and I don’t even get to claim it was intentional!”
The faraway looks persist. Sherlock is quieter at lunchtimes and some days, John has to drag the boy away from his research and into the shower, because he’s forgotten to take care of himself again.
“Us.”
“I do have a Skype account, you know.”
“Good King of Cats, nothing but
. Embarrassing. Uncomfortable.
“A bit, yeah.”
“Mhm, she most certainly has.” John agrees, waiting for the penny to drop.
After a long silence and some shuffling, another voice comes through.
“Yes.”
* * *
John smiles, a bit shy. “Yeah.”
Irene’s eyes brightened instantly. “Yes! The dare! Hang on a mo’,” she said as she began digging in her purse. She found her prize and began squinting down into the blue light of her phone, pulling up an application.
“I wasn’t prepared for this tonight. Maybe we could cool things down and watch a film instead?”
“Yes. What did you think?”
about six other clubs. And I met some blokes who said they were in line for the throne. They were jerks, but still. Royalty!”
John blinks, his brow furrowing “You love me? That's what this was about?”
“And I stole your music, made copies, and gave them to the band!” cries Irene, appearing out of nowhere.
“G' on, then,” Sherlock says around the toothbrush, sharing a curious look with John. (His eyes linger on John’s bare chest in a very satisfying way).
Eventually the sun goes all the way down, the fire is built, and Sherlock sits with John’s arm around him. Mike brings around soup and croque monsieurs fresh from the kitchens. (“It’s grilled cheese, Sher.”)(“Don’t be a plebian, John”). Sherlock makes sure to glare at Irene instead of giving her a grateful look. He’s pretty sure she understands anyway.
“That’s quite a lengthy surname. Also inaccurate on several counts, but go on.”
Irene smacks the back of his head again. “I do it when you’re being a prat, so you learn through negative reinforcement to
“Go with grateful!” Irene calls, skipping away just as quickly as she had appeared.
“It’s just that I know you did with James, and I’ve been wondering lately if I should-“
"When's that?"
"I'm good, thanks."
"I am going there," he merely repeated. "If you are so worried I will traumatize the child in question, you may stay with me while I speak with her. If you think I have crossed a line, you may remove me, although I don't think that will be needed."
Once again Sherlock is noticing that John assumes. Everyone does, of course, but he now knows that most of the investigators are probably assuming too and this is the reason they aren't getting anywhere.
As soon as he woke up, he saw Sherlock in the corner of his eye, sitting up, making no effort to get up.  "I'll take a shower first," John said to break the silence.  "You can get out your clothes and put them on the bed."  He suspected that Sherlock was just as overwhelmed as he was yesterday, and needed directions.
"Can you get me a stethoscope?"  From the look on her face it wasn't clear if she really needed one or just wanted a moment to process all this.  John headed out of the room and she looked awkwardly at Martin before saying: "So, um, is this your first time in a morgue?"
"He's so squirmy that I thought it might be better for him to be able to wander a bit.  Martin's very good with him," explained Gloria.
"That I needed to do what She said, and we'd talk about it later."
"And they said that you'd get in trouble if you said anything about them."
"Nothing good.  His father had been apparently committed to an institution shortly after Edwin was born.  Once he mentioned that he hadn't slept in his own room once until he moved out."
"Do you have any questions for me, personally?" Lestrade shot Sherlock a "don't jump in here" look.
Sherlock's terror seemed to only be growing by the minute, and he stared blankly at her with no inkling of a response.  John wanted to punch the woman, but he knew that would be hard to explain to the police if it came to that.  The police would see the same kind looking woman John had seen at first.  "Kelly," Sherlock finally choked out.  "Kelly Martin."
and the voice of a child reciting German numbers.  However, if you were paying attention, you would have noted that this station uses groups of four numbers.  The more well-known G2 station uses groups of five.”
"Yes.  He was working even during the summer and rarely came home, so I didn't know him at all.  Everyone said he was apparently a genius and was going to do big things in the world.  I saw him a few times and that's it.  I don't think we ever talked."
When the plane landed, the man next to him used the same "larangytis" excuse that he had used before, and it was clear the man on the other end had a hard time believing that, but didn't ask any questions.
"He's supposed to sleep on the floor. But I like having him in my bed." She smiled, and John was impressed despite himself. He hadn't earned a smile that quickly.
the memory returned.
A hundred is probably not an exaggeration. K's pattern of abuse involves children at any clinic she's worked at (ones that are vunerable for various reasons), children like Moira who are vunerable at some point and are abused for a year or two but left more delicately than the longer term ones, strange children who are vunerable in some way (often drugged to forget it) and children she pays  (or pays their parents) for sex, and the victims like Phillip and Sherlock who are abused for many years and groomed carefully. Those are meant to feel special and unique, but there's usually four or so at one time (she makes sure they never meet). Usually she loses interest once the child finishes puberty. Her plan is to insult and abuse the child at that point so much that the child is made to think she no longer wants them as a friend for something they have done. In some cases she's been impressed enough by their desperate need to have her in their lives she has been willing to take them on longer.  Phillip and Sherlock both fit in here.
It wasn't until John was in a cab on his way back home that it occurred to him Sherlock might have fled again.  Considering how unwilling to talk about K he always was, and how he'd do anything to avoid it, it seemed very possible.  Fortunately, when he opened the door of their flat, Sherlock was stretched out on the sofa, still in his pajamas and dressing gown.  "The prosecution's going to be here about noon tomorrow," John said with a sigh of relief.
"What was the song?"
"No toes?"
"He repeated that I had to promise not to tell anyone.  Then he started telling this story about when he was a little kid and his brother went away to school and he went looking for a friend.  Apparently that woman invited him into her garden.  And then he said..." Victor trailed off, and John could see tears in his eyes.  After a moment to compose himself, he went on.  "Then he said she'd swung him around, but he also said something about her touching his genitals through his clothes.  I just about passed out from the shock, but Sherlock didn't seem to think he'd said anything unusual.  He kept talking about her and although he never was very specific he basically said they'd been having sex since he was five.  I don't think he realized what he was saying, really.  Not how wrong it was.  He seemed to think he started it, and I really didn't know what to say to that."
How long this would have gone on John didn't know, because after a minute Moira's brother Kieran came over to where his father stood.  He looked furious.  "So she's the one who hurt my sister?"  He pointed at K just as the lights went out.
"Was that what you did every time you went there?"
"'Let me check,'" she whispered.
"So you switched... molecules?" It was clear that John still didn't know what he was getting at.
"Do you want to know how I met Her?" Sherlock continued like he hadn't heard John say anything.  John nodded before he remembered they weren't facing each other.  Sherlock must have seen him out of the corner of his eye, because he began talking again.  "Mycroft had gone away to school.  I was all alone in the house so I took my bee and went outside hoping to find someone to play with.  She lived a few doors down and was tending Her garden.  She asked me what I was doing out here alone and I said I was looking for someone to play with.  She saw my bee and asked me if I wanted to see Her garden.  There were flowers, some vegetables, blueberry bushes and an apple tree.  I went with Her to the apple tree.  She said that it was just right for climbing, and did I want to try that.  I said yes and She picked me up and put me in the lower branches of the tree."
He shook his head.  "No.  Mum never gave me pocket money.  Sometimes She'd give me some bills, but -"  He stopped himself.
"How old are they?"
"Yes.  She's my Moira."
“She won’t let me have you when we sleep.”
"Daddy didn't have friends over but Mummy did.  Sometimes they yelled at each other."
"Spencer is the family name.  The boys are Dominic, Graham, and Martin.  The girl is Christine."
"Where?"
“On January third you came to the clinic at St. Bart’s for treatment.  Can you tell me about that?”  Lou seemed to be the only one that was calm at this point.
"Different things," Sherlock finally whispered in reply.  He was looking at John but it was clear he was not actually seeing him.
"A few times."
"It was sort of a rub. Then it got all hot and burny. Said I really was a girl, but that was a while later."
“Do you recognize anyone in the photograph?”
John made the coffee and some toast.  He put a mug of it and two slices in front of Sherlock, then returned to the kitchen to finish his share.  Once he finished, he said, "Do you want me to get anything while I'm out?" as though he was just going to the store or out with friends.
At least John wasn't home. He wouldn't have to see that. Sherlock could easily imagine what he'd say: "You love Her more than me, is that it? It was supposedly one of the worst experiences of your life and you not only have fantasies about it, you actually
Lestrade shook his head.  "No idea.  Right now this is a priority case.  It's amazing it hasn't gotten through to the press.  K is probably thinking that seeking attention will backfire no matter how innocent she looks.  Oh, and John, an officer is going to be questioning any of the people at St. Bart's that were familiar with her when she worked there.  I know you didn't work with her but I figured you should get a notice of that anyway."
Rory the dog was sprawled out on Moira's bed, but got off it and came over to the two children, who patted his head and scratched his ears eagerly.  "You remember Mr. Holmes and Dr. Watson, don't you?" Moira said.  He walked over to where John and Sherlock were standing and sniffed them.  Apparently satisfied they were not intruders, the dog lay down on the actual dog bed on the floor.  "He probably wanted to see if you had any sweets," said Moira.  She sat down on the bed and motioned for Sherlock to sit there as well.
"Because you haven't mentioned it before."
"No.  He figured out that she was afraid of retaliation from her abuser and let her tell him what happened without saying anything about the person."
"Workshops, mostly."
"No further questions," Clark said.  He shuffled back to the table.  Harvey glared at him, apparently not pleased by his performance.
"K?" John said stupidly.
"Someone washed the sheets and ate the biscuits.  That's a sign."
“Yes. It turned out their fourth child was born with serious disabilities, and they moved in order to be closer to a care network.  I later discovered that Mr. E was simply an introverted soul, and preferred to stay at home with his family and his bees, and his wife was more the sort who thrived on contact with others.”  His face seemed full of lines and for the first time John had a sense of how much of a burden this had been to Mycroft over the years.
"I saw her before I had my drink.  That's not something I forget."
"I had a bee. A big stuffed bumblebee." Sherlock gave a small smile, as though he was recalling a fond memory.
"Why didn't you tell him about the bad parts, then?"
"Is it normal protocol to have a child not visit a parent in prison?"
"So this woman, even if you've identified her correctly, could be not doing anything but delivering her?"  Harvey smiled, like Mrs. Bena was caught in a trap.
"Where have you been?"  Sherlock sounded like he was just trying to fill the empty air.
"Outside the court room, I presume."
John blinked.  "What?" he said in confusion.
"Six. Kieran's nine like me. We're twins. I'm the oldest." By this point Moira looked more like an average child than a victim of a crime. Perhaps it was still too early to ask the big questions, but John was aware his time was limited. Her guard was clearly down.
"No.  I just wanted to see the sights.  I walked around for a few hours."
“Yes.”
On the first day of the trial, John woke up in his own bed.  For the past three nights Sherlock had been absent and although he'd been there the previous night he'd spent the whole night pacing downstairs.  He showered and dressed, feeling slightly anxious.  Sarah knew he'd be attending the whole thing ("Don't worry about your position," she reassured him) and Lestrade had taken him off the list of probable witnesses.  Even though he knew he wasn't going to be anything but an observer, he couldn't shake the feeling in the pit of his stomach.  When he came downstairs for breakfast, all he could manage was a cup of coffee.
"When did the subject come up again?" Lou asked.
To his surprise, Sherlock rested a hand on his shoulder, like he had done with Phillip.  "John?" he asked again, hesitantly, like that was all he could do.
"He left about an hour ago." Mrs. Hudson's voice came up from the stairwell. She entered the room and said "Took off like the hounds of hell were at his feet. Poor dear, I saw the headlines." He hoped Sherlock was off to Phillip's house, to comfort him, but he knew perfectly well where he had gone.
"Do you know of any complaints made about her during that time?"
"I did beg though.  She was right."  He curled in on himself further, into an almost fetal position.  "I'd go there and ask Her to fuck me."
"Will she still be in hospital tomorrow?"
"I also want to get a good look at their flat. And since we'll be out anyway, we can stop at the Yard to drop off the tapes and I can see about talking to Phillip Rodgers." He paused for a moment. "That will probably take a few talks, because he doesn't trust most people. I would talk to his mother but I doubt she would know anything. Or care, for that matter."
"Oh, a Cadbury bar! Is this all for me?" Moira sounded delighted. John was still stunned. Sherlock never bought food on his own, and he knew there weren't any Cadbury bars in their flat. Had he really done that just for this interview?
"What do you mean?"
"I wouldn't make something like that up. Wouldn't be smart enough to come up with it. Do you have a phone I can use to ring my boss? She's going to be mad enough now."
"Any time you want me to. That's a promise. Just call me at the number I gave you." Lestrade looked shocked at this and wore an expression similar to a flailing trout.
"And that was that?" Susan asked, clearly thinking it wasn't.
"Colleague," Sherlock spat out in a sudden burst of anger.
Sherlock nodded briefly at the man.  “We’re on your side, you know.  All of us are just as keen to find this K as you are.  And believe me when I say the last thing I want to see is your daughter getting hurt again.”  He turned back to Moira.  “Is there anything else you might be able to tell us?”
"Spying in India?"  A thought occurred to John.  "Isn't Agra a city in India?"
"The tape?" Sherlock casually asked, like it was a question about a neutral topic.
"I didn't, really.  He avoided me at school and started going in the other direction if he saw me walking along.  And I was all torn up.  He had told me not to say anything.  That's all I could think of.  'You can't ever tell.  Promise that you won't ever tell.'  Over and over again.  After a few weeks of that I did something quite stupid, although it made sense at the time."
"We should," Lestrade said.  He shuddered before saying, "God.  For some reason that's the thing that bothers me the most.  Working constantly with small children, like a parade of potential victims."
Edit: Sequel here: http://archiveofourown.org/works/2659508 Commentary coming soon.
"Yes."
Even before Phillip started to respond, John knew what he would say.  He'd heard all sorts of terrible things at this point, but that still made him feel ill.  Presenting violation as some sort of
"Ah. His bee. I would ask where you had learned about that, but that is not relevant to the question. That is a very long story, and I hope I can answer your questions." He glanced out the window, and then to his hands in his lap. "That bee is my greatest failure."
Ella didn't seem particularly surprised by what he’d said.  "I can't say I've never treated a patient who's suffered from it, but it is certainly not my area of expertise.  How did you find out about this?"
Neither of them spoke on the way home, and John wondered what he might be able to do to keep Sherlock from barricading himself in his room.  He certainly wouldn't want to talk anymore.  He had let his guard down after the first encounter with K, but John could tell the shields had gone back up again; if he asked now Sherlock would most likely deny he had feelings at all.  But John knew that wasn't true.  And if he thought about it, he was really all Sherlock had.  Moira had her father and siblings.  As Sherlock had said before, he didn't have friends, just the one.  Even worse, Phillip was depending on Sherlock.  If he wasn't strong for the both of them, they'd all collapse like dominoes.  Still, what was he supposed to do?  He was certain if this had been a patient he would have referred him to a therapist.  Of course, Sherlock wouldn't see a therapist in the first place.  Until yesterday he hadn't told anyone about what had gone on except that friend he had before.  If someone forced him to see a therapist, he'd either sit silently or be as obnoxious with his deductions as possible so he could get out of any further sessions.
At that point, John did something that in retrospect was a very bad idea, but he was acting on instinct. He put his hand on Sherlock's shoulder in what he hoped was a comforting manner. It was like a switch had been turned. Sherlock froze in mid-rant. His entire body had a mannequin-like stiffness.
"Brighton."
"The court will adjourn for one hour," Judge Foster said before Harvey could sit down again.  John looked at his watch and saw it was past noon already.  He filed out of the courtroom with everyone else, feeling as proud of the Aherne children as if he were their own father.
"No."  He certainly didn't approve, but if drugs were all that were keeping Sherlock from fleeing to parts unknown it would have to do until after the trial.  Sherlock looked at him for a second, then moved to the sofa, where he stretched out and shut his eyes.  In the time it took John to go to the kitchen, get a drink, and return, he had fallen asleep.  John sat down and turned on his laptop, realizing that he'd been neglecting almost everyone else in his life since the trial had begun.  He sent a few emails out apologizing for his absence, and then ate a silent lunch.  Since he didn't want to leave Sherlock by himself, he sat down in his chair and read a book.  When he woke up they could talk more.
"Implying some nasty things about who's been testifying."  John left it at that.  Not wanting to hear any more questions that he couldn't fully answer, he got out of bed and headed for the shower.
"He is one of my primary concerns," Sherlock responded after a minute or so.
He couldn't accept any compliment at face value, of course, because of his low self-esteem. And failing in school was such a pattern for him it was new to not be failing.
"Gloria," he said. "This is John? The one you were bringing?" He had a low, kind voice.
"Sherlock?" John said again, wondering if he should shake him awake or not.  He came to stand beside the bed and put a hand on the mattress.
Douglas looked at him in slowly dawning horror.  Sherlock could tell the horror was from using violence against someone who for all intents and purposes looked just like his partner.  He wasn't a violent man, (his punch would have been much more refined if he was) but Sherlock annoyed him and he acted so differently that for a moment he had forgotten about the body swap.  He slowly put his hands down at his sides, and took a few deep breaths.  "I think it is best if I retire for the evening.  You may sleep on the sofa here if you wish, or there is a guest bedroom on the first floor."
Sherlock sat the tape recorder on the carpet in front of him and pressed the button to record.  (John wondered if he’d somehow known they would be called out by the Yard tonight.)  When he finished with that he nodded and looked at Mr. Aherne.  “What did you see?  What made you phone the police?”
"There's a room down the hall.  It's got chairs and a vending machine," Lestrade told him.
It was a... morgue.  Just a morgue.  He had been expecting something far more sinister, and let out an audible sigh of relief.  John had disappeared from sight, but Martin heard his voice call "Molly?  Where are you?"
"Right now I'm concerned with getting him into the Arts Secondary School."
"Cocaine," John said. "But my sister does drink as well." He looked down at his hands, wondering if he should have said something in the first place.
"All right. The investigator who's office we are currently using will want to get back to work, so you can go now."
In that weird distant feeling he was sort of aware of falling to the ground. Then nothing.
"Did you think it was?"
It was even more twisted when you remembered it was his fifth birthday, when Phillip probably still believed in Santa Claus and the Tooth Fairy.
"You will live in the guest room until this is sorted out. Luckily Emily will not be visiting for another month. Don't go in her room at all."
"For about ten or fifteen minutes.  Then I started to feel strange."
"Vaginally or anally?"
"My foster carers.  They took care of me when mummy couldn't and they wouldn't let Daddy."
“I put sugar in my coffee every morning, a few teaspoons.”  He looked as bewildered as John felt.
"Yes."
"There was a supervisor there that made sure I didn't bring up any loaded subjects."  He paused.  "At some of the early visits she'd use some of the phrases she did before, though."
UPDATE: as I said on tumblr, I will travel for the next 10 days without a computer, so there will be no updates during this time. Thanks for reading!
'Now that's something nobody can really control.'
John's constant refusal to spend the night with Sherlock without a reasonable explanation is taking quite the toll. He knows the man is trying to connect the pieces of the puzzle, but without the proper data, a highly improbable one for that matter, John has no idea of what solution he will come up with.
He swallows. 'Do you mind turning around?'
He looks up at Sherlock, who's clearly trying to hold back a smirk. 'Had to make time for you to record him. Already texted Mycroft while waiting. Pass me those cable ties you have with you, won't you.'
Not beta-ed, not brit-picked, not first language. Any grammar error please let me know.
In sum, it's very cosy, but it doesn't contain stir-craziness from both Sherlock Holmes and Rosie Watson.
Of course he's not.
didn't know how to dispose of it to make his house safe, Mary however, apparently has no qualms about making herself the safer one, so he wouldn't be surprised if she had it hidden somewhere in the house.
'Which doesn't answer my question.' he replies from under his teeth. Rosie has already drifted back to the lava lamp. 'I clearly remember the album being at the house, which I
This is as good as an opportunity he will get. He ducks as far as he can, and two shots are heard. He sees Brent's gun falling close to him, so he snaps it away. John quickly comes forward and catches it, the three men storm to a point behind him, immobilising Brent.
When he arrives at 221B Sherlock is peeking at his microscope. There's a nasty purple and yellow substance on the surface of the slides near it. There's also a moleskine at his elbow, where he is apparently taking notes. John perches on the chair and kisses his hair. 'What is that thing?'
, but the message never leaves his phone. He tries again, and it doesn't work.
His phone chimes and breaks the mood. Sherlock clears his throat and turns back to inspect dust on the mantel. John sighs and reads the text that just arrived.
Sherlock examines his bandaged hand for a brief second before getting up from the kitchen chair and clapping both hands together. 'Right. We can't let you be in that room forever. I have to buy stuff and do research before the night comes.'
'It's fine. Up?' he pulls John to his feet after he acquiesces. Unexpectedly, Sherlock holds him gently, caressing the short hair at his nape with one hand and the extension of his back with the other. 'It will be over soon. I promised you. It will be ok.'
EDIT: I realised a continuity mistake in the last part and edited out!
‘Didn't you… see her belly?’
He takes a deep breath and calculates the words. ‘I find this new development in our relationship has awakened some irrational reactions I have been trying to hold back.’ he winces at how he sounds like Sherlock. Ella notices, by the raised eyebrow, but does not point it out.
And here it is today's chapter, right on time. Talk to me on tumblr: thanks-mike-stamford
He does it. 'Mycroft, you're on speaker.'
Not betaed, not britpicked, not first language, any mistakes feel free to point them out and explain!
'Shouldn't say that, Watson, you know dada gets annoyed when you repeat his curses.'
He needs to get out of there, but not before Todd leaves. He studies the neighbour's rooftop, perhaps he could make a run and jump over there? During his calculations the door to Keona's roof suddenly bangs open, Todd surges with a fillet knife and hops on Sherlock. The surprise is very effective, as Sherlock is unable to stop the knife from piercing deep his thigh.
'Are you scheduled, Dr. Watson?' she asks with her brand dull smile of a lifeless human carcass.
Mrs. Hudson cries on the spot as he sets his feet back on 221. He basically flees the scene and locks himself upstairs. He feels marginally bad that he can't be supportive of her, even if it's just giving his shoulder for five minutes, but he's not a support even to himself at the moment, so he opts out of the mourning rituals.
'Surprise.' he smiles at John. 'But I hope you remember this won't be easy.' he tells, serious again.
Sherlock goes on more trips than bargained, and John revisits some memories of his own.
He feels excited and anxious for everything to be done already. The architect and responsible engineer had set a date two weeks from now, so they could prepare everything they needed. Rosie had mashed potatoes and meat puree earlier at dinner in Baker Street, but she still takes a bottle of formula before sleep. He makes her burp, and puts her in her cot. She is not a difficult sleeper anymore, and he is very glad for that. During the day they can be away from the house, and at night he just wants to settle and pretend he's sleeping somewhere else.
Well, there goes any planning on his part.
He had been gazing the linoleum, but he lifts his eyes to John's again with a trace of amusement. 'For once he did legwork, can you believe it? I would have made a bit more fun of it if I were in a better state. He brought me back to London, and there was it.'
He grips John's nape, who smiles brokenly at him. 'Yes.'
Till next weekend everybody, enjoy the pining!
'You ate it in two bites.' John looks up from the documents he's skimming, and frowns at him. 'Are you all right?'
-- * --
'I'm not… what?'
They lie on their sides, watching each other. John opens his mouth and closes again. Sherlock frowns. 'What?'
I strongly recommend the activity. Go bang your friend.
John smirked and pulled Sherlock to himself, making him almost horizontal in the air and at the proper angle to be looked at from above. So beautiful. He encircled the detective completely and gave him a proper snog, to which Sherlock retributed enthusiastically.
-- * --
'Oh my god, can you at least breath through it?' John puts a hand over his left breast. 'I'll pretend I didn't hear the first part. I'm glad you enjoyed, tho.'
He starts to say he doesn't want to ever look at her again, but he stops himself and nods at him. He needs to get it out of his system. If he was Sherlock he would probably want to know
John has to police himself to not look stupid every time Sherlock texts him because, damn, he texts a lot. It actually reminds him of good old times when he would spend more time paying attention to his phone than his girlfriend. Jeanette absolutely
will convince Anna to get away from the country, never come back, and leave our daughter with me, just so?’
'Don't wait up.' and he dashes to get a cab.
Sherlock places his large hand on John's hair. It feels soothing. 'She didn't. Things were going to change sooner or later. Circumstances may have accelerated the process, but you know we could never keep up the rhythm forever.'
Sherlock is frowning but he has his thinking face on. John blinks at her. ‘Ahn, she doesn’t consume that much coffee, so it was never a problem. But she has been feeling nausea these days, perhaps is the nerves.’
At least involuntary smiles are bearable. A couple times while they were doing something together, like watching tv or wrapping up a case, John had felt his eyes dampening. He never went full crying mode, and he managed to suck up the tears before they fell off, but it's still humiliating to go around crying of joy.
He is pondering if he could eat a sandwich when Sherlock finally hangs up and joins him at the table. John waits for him to say something, but nothings comes. The detective just fiddles with a napkin tossed aside, looking very uncomfortable and doing funny things with his mouth. John sighs.
'And Molly, and Janine, if we are making a list.'
think about the detective, because that leads to idiot moony faces, which Anna will scent like the devil and press him until he says something.
'Of course, John.'
Mycroft opens his mouth and then closes it, looking down and pressing his lips thinly. 'We'll talk during another opportunity then. Gentlemen, we are leaving.'
Mrs. Hudson approaches all smiles, dropping a kiss on Rosie's forehead. 'If I knew she was here I would have come up as soon as I arrived.'
Sherlock quickly removes the syringe, and John's arm bleeds out copiously. He watches the detached limb becoming red. Next thing he notices is Sherlock making pressure and applying a bandage to it. John feels like his brain is buried in cotton. Sherlock cleans everything and puts the vial away in a thermal box.
'It's just a scratch but it will bother you like hell, since the path of skin is gone.' he says while cleaning again with antiseptic.
'Not a few months old kids.'
Sherlock sits straight, looking ahead. 'I was trying to identify the ones that prepared her for Dr. Coleman, who obviously was oblivious to her real situation. Doctor always come only at the end. In fact, I found out they removed her clothes with blood on them and also the… fake belly. It was all discarded.'
'So Mary still has people wanting revenge? Who does she think it was?'
He unlocks his phone. No messages or calls from Mary, there is one message from Joyce:
It's a lovely thing to flirt around shamelessly, so they dedicate themselves to it while waiting for David, who rings in punctually. They assume their positions.
"He testified on Friday," Gloria said right away.
"That's my job, to know those things."
At noon on the dot, there was a knock on the door.  John got up to open it.  Both Lou and Susan stood there, each holding dripping umbrellas.  "Terrible day to be out.  Rain's coming down so hard I think I should start building an ark," Lou said, stepping inside.  "All right if I lean this against the wall?" He gestured to his umbrella.
The day passed by like molasses. John couldn't remember a longer one, and he remembered some very long Christmas eves from when he was a child. Sherlock didn't try to talk to him any more, and just sat in his chair staring out the window. John read, watched television, and went to bed at a ridiculously early hour - in his own room.
"Moira told me not to tell him."
Sherlock struggled to remember his name. "Jim?"
Since Sherlock was curled up on himself, and speaking in such a low voice, John almost didn't hear his response.  "Different."
"People can stand on hills all the time, you know.  It didn't make sense," Moira objected.
The large man next to him - Douglas, wasn't he called? - started to push buttons and pull levers. After a few seconds of this, he said: "Apologies for the delay, tower, our captain has a bit of laryngitis." Sherlock almost felt impressed that he'd realized that they'd need some excuse as to why the person who was usually in this body wasn't talking. That part was the only one he fully understood, though, and he mentally tuned out the rest of the chatter and shut his eyes. All the light from the display hurt his eyes, and anyway he had no need to see what a takeoff looked like from the cockpit. The feeling of leaving the ground was the same, in any event.
"Not that that's going to make much difference now."
"Rodney?"
"I'm being looked after."
"Control.  She relishes the control it gives Her over him.  That way She controls his body, his friends, his mind, and even his sense of location."  He sounded fatigued.
John pushes the shock away in favour of being pragmatic for now. If Sherlock currently doesn't want to face him, John won't make him do it. He gets as close as possible to him, spreading himself all over Sherlock's behind, burying his nose in the tantalizing nape. He wants to squeeze him hard but is afraid he will feel claustrophobic, so settles for resting his hand at the curve of the bony hip.
He finally removes his second soaking boot. It started pouring out of a sudden and he misjudged the depth of a puddle before stepping on it. His socks are disgusting now. 'Hey Mrs. Hudson.'
'I chose to marry you. I'm still angry but I'll respect that. We-' he pauses to deep breath again. He sees Mrs. Hudson in his peripheral vision with a tray of biscuits.
'Agree with you there, unfortunately.'
Not beta-ed, not brit-picked, not first language. Any wrong grammar please let me know.
this for god's sake? Alcohol, in a good measure, lowers his inhibitions, gives a different glow to people who otherwise wouldn't look much enticing, and lifts marginally his mood. A couple pints are enough to feel nice. While he thinks smoking is vile, he admits that a bit of naswar to smooth incoming hangover felt pleasant on the handful of times he did that in Afghanistan.
Sherlock is at his normal spot, in front of the window, back to the living room entrance. He’s wearing his client clothes except for his jacket, which means Janine hasn’t arrived yet. He is completely absorbed in playing the instrument. The music is not something John has ever heard him playing, or anything of the kind. It’s a midtempo, with a hidden note of something so very provocative the hair in his nape prickled. Suddenly he stops to write something at the sheet by his side. Oh, then.
He clears his throat. ‘Not exactly. My life is still insane. But… I’m getting hopeful. It’s the most dangerous thing, isn’t it? I saw on a movie. I feel like I can do everything I want. That everything is finally right.'
'May I sit down, Doctor Watson?' he asks politely and, why not, distant. John gestures to a chair, and takes a seat beside Anna, who shows no intention of speaking, or making herself perceived.
'Hey, what are you doing?' he exclaims indignantly, reaching for the device. She throws it on the duvet.
-- * --
Anna gets up after him to lock the door. John goes to the cabinet to fetch a drink. While he's pouring she comes to hug him from behind. He stops himself from recoiling in the last second. He notices she's a bit sided so her belly is not in the way. He lets her stay there and keeps sipping.
was happening. But he can be bloody enigmatic when he wants to. The last time it happened… I was very angry. We discussed. It was when, well, when everything changed for us.’
He glares hard at Anna, who has threads of blood coming out of her forehead, and drops the piece of glass. Sherlock is thinking how they can restrain her when five men in suits enter the room and do it themselves. Mycroft comes right behind.
care. Nothing about this family is important to you.' she hisses.
John goes to move past him to the staircase, but not before grasping his nape. 'Good night.'
He wants to bang his head on the table. 'Don't remind me of that. I was torn during the whole thing.'
'You don't have to hang up on me. Open your menu, go to the messages app, and press
He touches the scar with the fingertip of his left hand. Curious how some scars are protuberant on the skin, and others not. In the end all of them are about pain. This one he can see perfectly fine, but touch alone doesn't identify it. If he closed his eyes the scar was invisible. It didn't exist. And yet the pain is imprinted in his brain.
'Yeah, after work.'
He is already on the second step, so he turns to her from over the railing. 'Yes?'
Sherlock had also written a critical reply to the new crime harm index developed by Cambridge criminologists that actually got published in a journal. One of the team members of the project is a former Chief Constable of the Met, and he was furious enough to come to 221B yell at Sherlock. John put him in his place.
He checks Sherlock's radio clock on the bedside table. 10am. Christ. He lies down again, scrubbing his face, trying to chase away the dizzy sensation of sleep.
John shows the phone screen to Sherlock a last time. He takes a look and resumes plucking at his violin.
! There's nothing for you now!' she spits.
'Baker Street please.' he says. Sherlock raises his brow subtly but says nothing. 'Your brother said Anthea will watch her tonight.'
'John, fetch me those pyjama trousers.' he complies, while Mycroft sighs. 'So basically I'm confined
John hungs up for the millionth time, and for an instant he almost throws his phone away, but it's not like he can afford another one at the moment. Besides, he would be contacted at any minute. Should be. Mycroft can't ignore him forever. He could perfectly invade the Diogene's and yell to all customers his dieting habits and love for cakes if it was necessary.
At the Baker Street Station there's a shop selling guava croissants, and he buys two for the ant-detective. Finally at home, he gets the mail. Mrs. Hudson is apparently out. Sherlock had told him two weeks ago that she probably has been meeting someone for casual sex. He had fled the room before he would need to bleach his brain.
If everything you learn is categorized and compartmentalized, whatever remains is outlier and must be deleted. If it's not associated with what you made easier to remember, you won't remember at all. It would fall in the brain void in a very deliberate mechanism.
'Sherlock! You'd have to adapt your life!' he interrupts, throwing his hands in the air. 'You will have to order your stuff, clean the kitchen of experiments, deal with crying at ungodly hours and
His current client is being extremely boring, so that's where his thoughts are drifting during the consultation. He can't do legwork while taking care of Rosie, so since Mary came back, he's been taking cold cases from Lestrade, who made sure to affirm he was being benevolent, and clients whose problems are solved from his office at 221C. 20 minutes maximum of consultation per case are usually enough to receive a fee and not make a huge disturbance on Mrs. Hudson's daily activities, so she can stay with her goddaughter.
'Cheers!' he lifts the mug to emphasize the salute, sitting down on the sofa, since his daughter now occupies his armchair.
'I could have seriously hurt you.' he finally manages to blurt out.
All the being into each other's space business that they carefully built since the resurrection comes handy now, because the shift in their day-to-day lives is much smoother than it should have been.
Right at the end of visiting time, when John doesn't think anyone else would try to come, Sarah arrives.
'Ok. Ok, I'll just.' he gestures to the exit.
It's hardly the first time he's seen one of those cats, but for starters this one seems to be following him, which is never a good sign. He knows people who dealt with these cats before, and it never ended well. You want something to happen, but you're not very clear or pragmatic in your wording, or you don't really think about all the potential implications of what you want, or you don't consider that the means of this something happening are not exactly favourable.
On the eighth day Sherlock finds out they can ask the dessert trolley to be brought upstairs so he can choose what to eat. He neglects proper dinner picks a blueberry cheesecake, a lemon tart, an apfelstrudel and chocolate ice cream. John eats his smoked salmon with roasted potatoes and even a pretty colourful salad in accompaniment, watching Sherlock stuff himself into a sugar induced comatose. He actually manages to brush his teeth before passing out on the sofa. Since the thing is large and comfy enough, John lets him be.
What really happened at the Tilly Briggs pleasure cruise is unpublishable even for the internet. Sherlock had wanted to stay overnight at the ship for more evidence, but John convinces him there's really nothing more to add that wasn't there in the morning. They go back home so weirded out they forget to ask for takeaway.
So Greg coming over, while unexpected, is very welcome. There is a portable chair besides John's bed, and a nurse has just taken away his breakfast tray, so he is in a dignified sitting position at least.
having the intention to do so.'
Between patients he receives a text.
‘Let’s cut caffeine in general.’ he replies, checking roughly for the temperature with a hand on her brow. ‘Unless it’s chamomile tea.’ he gets up and goes to the bathroom.
'Risky.'
Rosie plays with her gifts in the living room while her godparents argue about correct proportions of flour and vanilla in the first-time-in-years-appropriate-to-cook kitchen. After the cake is in the oven, and the only thing he can do is wait, Sherlock comes to sit on the carpet with her, and shows how to do chemical elements with modeling clay.
The taste of bile comes from the back of his throat as he puts away the towel. The cut is not even that bad, could easily be taken as a miscalculation of shaving if it was located on his face or jawline. As it is, however, no mistake can be proven. He watches John's face harden, and his fists open and close.
After the awkward discussion with him, John had gone upstairs to put Watson in her cot. Sherlock locked himself in the bathroom to take a shower. After scrubbing thoroughly, he turned the water cold, and entered the stream face up.
John holds him more firmly. He's been submitted through a lot of pain and cruelness, but it's what he did to someone else that haunts him at night. John killed a cabbie after a day he met him, and he had the best night in ages. And people have the guts to call Sherlock Holmes a sociopath. 'You're not a murderer, Sherlock. You are and incredible human being, better than most people in fact.'
'Nothing. You're not taking this seriously.'
'Yes!' John walks around the room, rubbing his face in rage, feeling like a bird in a cage. 'She's been driving me insane! Smelling my clothes and checking my phone when I'm not looking. Christ!'
the whole day, and who falls in the overlapping category?
'Sherlock texted me. While it was a sound idea, Sherlock, a bit more of advance would have been appreciated.' he says with a polite thin smile that unnerves both of them.
'Waiting for Dolores' cupcakes!' He replies bewildered, raising the bag the nurse had put them in for him to carry in the bike. Anna regards him for a moment before getting the bag and going to the kitchen. He makes a point of looking around as if waiting for a sudden answer to pop out from under the furniture.
'Look. I'm not… a very sexual person. You'll find that many times I won't even be in the mood. But I like being with you. So whatever you want, whatever you can… it works for me.'
The shower turns off and Sherlock extends an arm for a towel. John tries not to sweat.
'Well, I wouldn't be dramatic if you explained to me. But you never say anything
However, she chose the unbelievably worst way to deal with it. Not only hiding, but actively ready to murder to prevent John knowing she was - oh, the irony, a murderer.
John swallows. 'I… we need to talk about something.' he says, and then because Sherlock's eyes are wide at him he adds 'About my daughter. Come here.'
'That leads us to the first part of the plan. I told you the second was easier. If we need to go through this
going to work, and allowed himself to hate her a bit for letting him go this far. He made bad choices, but so did her, and to be honest, hers were far worse.
'When we finally got rid of a problem another comes.' he says while falling on the sofa. Sherlock comes to sit next to him.
'In a sense.' Sherlock replies. They are both laying on the floor, side by side, barefoot. John intertwines his pinky toe on Sherlock's. 'Mary Morstan was honestly just another identity, one that gives her security. She begins working at the clinic, finds the most vulnerable person she can find to trap in a marriage, so she can maintain a spot to come back to whenever she manages to get work.'
How would it be, he, Sherlock, and a child!, at 221B? He hasn't talked to Sherlock about this. Is it too soon? Because the due date is almost knocking at his door. He has to acclimatize. They both have.
In her chosen professional area, one couldn't exactly pinpoint ideal aspects of a job. She certainly wouldn't find a career analysis in a The Economist article. She did have, however, years in field, lived in many countries and collected payments in all sorts of methods. A comparison table chart wasn't even a bad idea, but she didn't need one to know she got the best deal in ages.
. If Sherlock is in the room, he tries to cover it with his palm or a misplaced yawn.
"That's how this ends? Quite pathetic, isn't it" she thought bitterly. And then Bee Gees started to play.
What he
'Ah, well. Genetics!' he replies trying not to look at her, very conscious of Sherlock's sudden silence.
'Even last night?' John asks, looking uncomfortable and embarrassed.
He's not sure how long it has been, but he finds himself in a sort of changing room. There are open showers on his right, a few toilet stalls on his left. He is laying down on a cold ceramic bench, and his blood pounds hard against his temples. The place is empty, and he can see a door on the other side, but something, probably experience and raw gut feeling, tells him it's not unwatched from the outside.
you'd say."
'I'm sorry.' he finally manages. His throat rasps.
'Long years since I smoked one. I had forgotten the feeling.' she says.
She crosses her hands in her usual weird way, looking at him with her head tilted to the side. 'Higher income than you ever made it in your life. Good thing one of us could still buy a house.'
So if he feels his stomach clenching miserably and his heart skipping a beat (
'The morning barely started and we're already getting drunk?' John asks with no spite, taking a sip.
, barely noticing when he burns the tip of his tongue, watching Sherlock, so he doesn’t think about all the things that crossed his mind in the last hour, because he’s afraid of it being too overwhelming again.
The shower is already running cold by the time he vaguely notices he's hyperventilating.
'A mix of two types of codeine cough syrup and promethazine.' he looks up at John. 'Nothing important, just passing the time.'
He sleeps late through the next morning. When he wakes up Sherlock is watching what seems to be a documentary on bees.
'I know. I don't doubt.' he replies surprised that he's being honest. For some reason he does believe that. 'But that doesn't make you a good person. And the one I fell in love with doesn't exist.'
He doesn't know how to tell him. He doesn't know if he will understand, or if he will believe in John. Of course more people know about these things, Mrs. Hudson had been a surprise, but then, lots of people just keep the knowledge an understandable secret. And even if he tells him, or better,
"Oh, they're just upset because someone swapped Skip for someone else. He looks just like him, but he's really Sherlock Holmes!"
"The day it happened.  Michael rang me to say he'd taken Jennifer to hospital, and later on he rang again and said they were going to take her into care." She didn't seem any more relaxed, but her voice had become more even and less of a croak.
"Asked me if I loved him and I said I did.  She asked if he was at school and I said yes.  Then She said it might be better to not tell him we were friends.  He'd gone away to school and he'd come back and think he knew everything and would try to stop me from going there.  I asked if I had to not tell Mummy too, and She said that as long as I didn't tell her anything that went on with us it'd be okay if she knew I was friends with Her."
"Haven't seen or met anyone with that description."  He was now able to look Lestrade directly in the eye.
"If we can get permission from their parents," he replied, still not looking at Sherlock.  "By the way, Mr. Aherne called the Yard earlier today and he said that Moira wants to talk to you again this weekend."
"I'm not here to talk to you, I'm here to talk to John."
"It's true," said Mr. Rodgers after a moment.  "I've wanted to see you but your mother said you didn't want to see me."
"Where?"
Once the argument was over, Susan strolled up to the stand and said: "The prosecution calls Debra Bena."  The usher then lead in a thin woman in a new-looking dress.  She had short brown hair and an expression of grim determination on her face.  Even if John hadn't known beforehand she'd been in prison, it would have been obvious from her appearance and demeanor.
"All right."  She put the Millennium Falcon on the floor.  "Don't touch any of the toys here," she ordered her sister.  "Everything needs to be here for when Han shows up on Gallifrey."
"It's big.  We can get lots of kinds of takeaway though."  This caused the audience to laugh.
“Fine.”  The man took a bite of pasta.  “Quick jump to Scotland.”
"No, of course not, because I had no evidence of one other than his vague allusion to doing something wrong."
"What's your point?"
"She was pretty."  John didn't mean anything by it other than an observation.
"They go where work is," Lou said.  "The father does handyman work and the mother cleans houses.  They both worked with an agency until last year, but it closed down.  Nothing steady since then."
"You've been a foster carer for twenty-five years?"
He put the binder back and looked at the other bookcases.
"Did she keep her hands on your belly the whole time?"  Lou didn't seem bothered by the recitation at all, but he had obviously heard it before.
That was not something John had been expecting to hear.  "If you want me to, I will."
"PT?" Susan asked.
Mrs. Hudson was there to greet him as he came in through the door.  "I'm so glad you're home," she said.  "We've had a parade of those homeless people in and out all day - they've all brought him newspapers - and the Rodgers boy arrived just after you left and only went when the trial was over."  She didn't mention the effect the trial was having on Sherlock; there was no need.
"Sort of," John admitted. "He won't."
"Well, I'd had football practice that day, and Sherlock waited for me, even though he didn't watch any of it.  I was hungry and I suggested we stop at the supermarket for something.  He agreed although I didn't think he wanted anything there; he never ate much.  We went inside, I got a juice and some crisps, and we were in the aisle with the sweets and just about to head to the registers when he just stopped in his tracks.  I was just about to ask him what was wrong when I heard a woman say 'Aren't you going to introduce me to your friend?'  I turned around and there was a small woman standing in front of Sherlock.  He looked afraid.  I'd never seen him look afraid before.  His eyes were just glazed over.  She asked him again 'Who is he?' and after a moment he said 'Victor' and she said 'And I've never met him?'  He didn't say anything then, and I was about to take his arm and lead him away, but she said 'I suppose this means that you're not going to visit me after school today,' caressed his shoulder and left on her own."
"Yes, but they're not going anywhere yet."
"Then how did you find out?" Jason didn't sound accusing but rather curious.
"I'll see what I can do," John replied.
"I think so, yes.  He had scars all over his back, chest, and legs.  He said he didn't know how he'd got them.  Sometimes he'd vanish for a few days and come back like nothing had happened.  He'd always seem so haunted before he left.  He never liked to be touched.  We didn't make love all that often; he was rarely in the mood.  Even with only those little things to go on you could figure it out.  More came out when he was charged."  She sounded sad.  "The relatives I never met told all sorts of horror stories.  And what happened to those women he killed.  Rape, sadistic torture, murder..." She trailed off, as if overcome by emotion.  "He said he didn't remember killing anyone.  Strange choice of words, but I believed him."
"When you would talk, did he ever say anything about the person he claimed he'd known?"
Sherlock said nothing in response, and simply curled up again, face to sofa, Hamish in his arms. He didn't say a word as John made himself eat breakfast and watched crap telly until it was time for him to leave.
"If you don't want to destroy them more, you can just throw them out.  It's not – ” John caught himself before he finished with "something you can control”. While it was true it was also not something Sherlock was ready to hear.
John had to sit down.  Phillip was probably the most vulnerable of K's victims.  Moira Aherne had her brother, father, and dog.  All Phillip had was Sherlock.  He had been afraid that even after the trial Phillip would still seek out another abuser so he could pretend he was loved.  The idea he might have a caring parent to fill that need was amazing.  "Let me guess, they weren't married."
"Did they ever ask you about being hurt?"
"Did the drink you had taste in any way unusual?"
"Do you know for a fact that the man who told you about Jennifer was a drug dealer?"
"Do you have to have him there?" John asked.
John was certainly curious about what Lestrade had to say to Sherlock, but he also knew that if it was confidential enough to make him leave the room it wasn't something he was ever going to learn.  He also expected a silent cab ride home and when Sherlock said, "Lestrade wanted to know if I would be taking cases from the Yard during Her trial," it took a few seconds for it to register.
"Nora didn't have any family.  She was found in a pub loo when she was an infant," Mr. Aherne explained.
Even if all this was the case, he reminded himself, there was no way to approach it. Whether it was because his one attempt to describe what had been happening to him was so disastrous or because he was reticent by nature, Sherlock wasn't going to talk about it. He never talked about himself to begin with – hell, John hadn't known until recently that both his parents were dead or that he had never really known his father. There was no casual way to bring anything like that up in conversation, anyway. John also knew if he just bit the bullet and asked something like "So, that person you were 'telling horrible lies' about, can you tell me about him?" he would be met with stony silence.
"Because he was from Bangladesh, of course any communication issues had to be a matter of intelligence or language skill."  It was clear that Sherlock was scornful, probably for the same reason John was starting to dislike the man.
"Mostly.  Different kids.  Some of them seemed used to Her and some of them were asleep.  A few got really upset and cried."
"Well, I can ring the man tomorrow and see if he wants you to come out there or whether he's willing to come to London to speak with you.  Right now, I doubt he would be pleased with me if I asked."  Lestrade stuffed the folder back in the drawer as he spoke.  "There's some more paperwork I want to look at right now, but the two of you can head back home."
The group members chatted amongst themselves as they waited for the other members to arrive. Rodney arrived shortly after Mari, and shuffled his way to a chair, not saying anything. The bleached tips of his black hair were now dyed a brilliant electric blue. Gloria and Jason came through the door at the same time. "Guess whose daughter is at the top of her class?" said a grinning Jason.
As the whole crowd filed out, John glanced around at them, noting that they all looked surprised, even the buffalo.  He figured it had to be something very unusual to make them surprised.  He stood off to the side and waited for the crowd to leave.  He thought that he'd have to wait for Sherlock, but before the crowd was gone he got a terse text that said "Left.  Don't wait up for me."  John sighed, knowing that he was probably going to get high now his part in the trial was over.  Once the crush of people had moved out, he turned towards the door but before he could take a step he heard from behind him "You must be John Watson."  He turned to face Victor Trevor, who had a grim look on his face.
"My little wall of the people I've helped." The sound of Lou's voice almost made John jump in his seat. "I keep up the most recent cases. The Davidson picture is the most recent. They're living in a real flat now."
"Who's your friend at school?"
"All right." His voice was so soft it was almost impossible to hear.
"I have, but he hems and haws."
The idea for this as an icebreaker is of course based on the ACD canon that Sherlock Holmes retires and keeps bees, but this specific picture I got the idea from the hilarious story by
"Do you have a doctor there you see regularly?"
Sherlock knew better than to say he wasn’t hungry. He just stayed in the living room until the man finished making some pasta.  When he said “Dinner is served,” he even sat down and ate a plate.
Sherlock didn't move.  He didn't uncurl himself and he gave no indication that he'd heard a word John said.  At this point John had no idea if he was doing the right thing or not.  Please make me know the right thing to say, he thought.  "You're not responsible for any of that, you know.  She might have told you something like that, but that's not the case.  Remember how upset you were when you realized Phillip felt that way?"
“You just
I could not help the smile that came to my face upon reading the last addition, but my humor was short lived as I remembered the rest of the letter. It was not at all unusual for Holmes to be pulled away on business for weeks at a time, but I have always been there to accompany him.
“In a sheet.”
John chuckled fondly at his utter innocence, “It’s woefully inadequate,” he said, watching as Sherlock’s face turned guarded at the perceived slight, “but ‘partner’ might better describe it.”
“John,” he breathes out in relief without realizing.
And with that he’s gone, leaving Holmes and Watson to exchange confused looks before laughing.
Sherlock graces him with a small, grateful smile as he grabs the files and sits down, “Thank you.”
There’s always been something about being with John, where he knows, logically, that they haven’t known each other forever, yet the time they spent apart seems insignificant to the present.
“I’ve never done this before and...I’m not sure what the protocol is for helping your best friend have a wank…so we’ll have to muddle through,” John explained and cleared his throat, “Do you have any ideas on...what you want?”
Holmes rolls his eyes, “Judging by your lack of shocked confusion, I gather that Anderson told you about the DVDs.”
John inhales sharply to hear it spoken aloud and reflexively looks towards his closed door, expecting to see Sherlock standing there. He’s not.
They try to fight boredom as they continue to watch, then John is applying for work at the surgery.
help you through this, but I never said I had personal experience.”
Sherlock insults John’s choice of case titles again. Another flash of a case where Sherlock tells children that there is no heaven, and then Sherlock and John are back with Greg, checking out a man in a trunk. John types the case write-up and Sherlock yells at him for detailing the unsolved ones, uncertain why anyone would care to know he’s human.
Mrs. Hudson asks what John said.
While Sherlock is away, John gratefully curls himself fully back under the heavy blanket they had been using. As his body warms back up and he thinks about bringing Sherlock to a completely unexpected orgasm, his cock begins to stiffen again. He sighs, biting his lower lip, as he moves his left hand to rub himself through his pants.
They were kicked out of the restaurant after that (
“Hush now, it’s alright. I’ve got you,” John soothed, “Don’t tense up, just let it happen.”
“Agra? But wasn’t that…” Watson starts, but Holmes finishes.
From his position lying on his back, John looks over at Sherlock softly and quietly bids him, “Come here, then.”
He said none of these, just let the other man hear all of the options the silence offered.
What he sees when he opens it is nothing like what he expected. He expected scrawling notes of observations, or maths equations, or drawings of plants…anything but what he actually finds: confessions.
In response came a slightly more muffled, but still loud, “John lets me sleep as long as I want!”
“So what’s…?”
Back to the art gallery, attempting to figure out a way to prove that the painting is a fake. The call comes in with a child counting down, forcing Sherlock to figure it out quicker. They watch as Sherlock struggles, yelling aloud to himself in frustration.
John hadn’t even bothered getting undressed. He had simply pulled down his trousers to mid-thigh and pulled his shirt up to his neck to allow for the stripes of ejaculate which were bound to land across his belly.
Sherlock moves swiftly to the right side of the bed and climbs under the covers, lying on his right side so they are face to face. John reaches out his right hand to cross the small divide and rest against Sherlock’s torso, enough to reassure them both, but not presumptuous.
“I wouldn’t go so far as to say
“It sounds like Sherlock and John were sharing plates of food and glasses of beverages.”
Sherlock, once in his room, placed his tea on his bedside table and fell face-first onto his bed. He groaned lowly, but was careful to keep it quiet so that John didn’t hear. That invitation was an abomination, and all of his carefully repressed memories from that point in his life were quickly flooding back in.
can offer their experience to the other. It by no means needs to be offered or accepted if either person is uncomfortable. And if you haven’t done it, you just shake your head.”
“Do we…” Watson starts, but has to take a moment to breathe and swallow before continuing, “watch them?”
Watson grits his teeth slightly before answering, “When you deign to sleep, you mean? Not really; a few snuffles here and there, but nothing outright,” he watches Holmes nod before he continues with a question of his own, “Why do you think the inn keepers thought Sherlock and John were a couple but didn’t infer it with us?”
There’s a lengthy pause as they watch the scene play out before Watson admits in his own whisper, “Me too.”
“The government has its ways,” Mycroft says cryptically.
Now dressed, Sherlock and John are told about the Irene Adler case involving some incriminating photos of a member of the royal family. Sherlock is confident that he’ll be able to get ahold of the pictures quickly and the pair sets off to her residence. On the way, Sherlock stops the cab two streets away so that John can punch him in the face, but John doesn’t exactly stop there.
Sherlock cautiously grabs John’s right hand in his left softly, as if uncertain that his touch will be welcomed, but he can’t seem to keep himself from touching the other man’s skin to reassure himself that he is alive, he is safe, he is here.
John falls off to his right side, pulling Sherlock with him so they’re still cuddled close as they fight to regain their breath, “That...was amazing,” John pants before kissing Sherlock hard.
“But I’m bored, John.
John was almost asleep in that same position when he felt the bed shift and Sherlock grow closer.
He still looks uncertain about whether he should believe Sherlock or not, but he agrees hesitantly anyway, “Alright then.”
, I hid the pain behind humor, callousness, and drugs.
He walks over to the desk, finding a notebook to write on.
It’s not so much PTSD anymore - sounds are fine, smells are fine, pictures are fine – but more about missing the uncertainty, feeling so
“Well, you’re not under John’s roof at the moment, are you? You are under mine, and I say it’s time for lunch, so get up!”
“Like?” Sherlock presses in annoyance, leaning back against his own chair petulantly.
John smirked, lifting away from him. Two could play this game, “Well, if you’re not really interested…” he trailed off as he moved to vacate the bed, leaving the other man bereft. He was unsurprised to feel Sherlock pulling him back down, but he
His mouth drops in indignation, “I beg your pardon? I am
“Oof!” Sherlock grumbled, nudging John’s side roughly.
Sherlock barely has any freckles on his right arm at all, but he places a kiss to the one midway up the radial bone, then gently turns the arm so his palm is facing the ceiling to kiss the sole freckle just below the crease of his elbow. So close to where needle tracks used to be much more visible. Those are marks that John is not at all sorry to see go. He places a reverent, thankful kiss to the healing area, as well.
“Likewise,” John teased, but lifted Sherlock’s leg to put a kiss on his bony knee cap to counter the words, “but you won’t once I’m inside.
Holmes sits, a bit wary.
,” he states firmer, looking in to Holmes’ eyes resolutely, “I’m not saying it was
happen.”
“What
“Do we
After the hug and clapping end, Sherlock goes in to funny stories of his time with John, which consists mostly of John’s overly romanticized blog accounts of their adventures, and the stag night.
“Oh my God,” Sherlock sighed in reverence as waves of varied emotions washed through his body. Never could he have expected such an experience to be so incredibly pleasurable.
“I’ve never been very big on public speaking if it doesn’t involve deductions, and I bet the same is true for him,” Holmes agrees.
“Are you sure it was Lestat?” John asked, feeling a flutter in his stomach. Sherlock was going to overreact if he was correct in his assumption.
“Going with you.”
“Where are you?”
“Well, thank God you’re above all that wooing.”
“That was rather the point,” Holmes grits out past his teeth.
“Please, John?” Sherlock pouted, using his bigger hand to take John's wrist and pull his hand around until it was cupping Sherlock's buttocks instead, “I want to feel you
John’s brow creased, but his smile remained, “To myself or to you?”
They glance at each other warily, uncertain about how such a large change - the largest yet - will alter the relationship of Sherlock and John yet further.
The game goes downhill quickly after that when Sherlock admits that he doesn’t actually know who the person is on John’s head, even though he picked the name. Sherlock finishes out his side of the game, going through the information John gave him and deciding that he must have John’s name on his forehead.
John dropped his left hand down to Sherlock’s curls before offering, “Would you like me to walk you through it?”
Sherlock grinned happily, “Did I do well?”
Sherlock doesn’t need to ask what he means. John knows Sherlock needs his comfort right now and he willingly gives it, wrapping his arms securely around his too-thin body as Sherlock settles against his side.
Sherlock confronts the attacker and Magnussen corrects him: it’s not Lady Smallwood. She turns and, inexplicably, Mary is standing in front of him, aiming a gun at his chest.
Mycroft goes to enter Sherlock’s room, but Sherlock stops him suddenly. Mycroft steps away, taking it as an admittance of guilt, and mentions needing to contact their parents regarding the issue. Sherlock insists – yet again – that the drug use was for a case and when Mycroft seeks clarification, he mutters “Magnussen” leading the elder Holmes to threaten Anderson and the woman that if they mentioned ever hearing it, they would live to regret it. Mycroft attempts to warn him not to go after the man, but Sherlock merely sees him out of the flat, twisting his arm and causing John to step in to separate the two.
Sherlock moves away and calls Mycroft. Mycroft informs him that he won’t be coming to the reception and tells Sherlock that he warned him not to get involved. Sherlock denies being involved but Mycroft knows better. Judging by the look on his face, Sherlock does, too.
“It’s alright,” Watson assures honestly, but they return to silence after that.
“What?” Sherlock was thrown by the sudden shift in behavior.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” he says truthfully, seeing the slight confusion that the potion is letting through, “Please, just lie down and rest. I’ll be back soon,” he promises, his heart aching at the loss as well as the bit of a blank look still on Sherlock’s face from the potion.
Watson’s face falls. After all these years together and all they’ve been through one would think there’d be no surprises, but that’s simply not the case. Holmes goes through so much of his life putting forth a cold persona for the world that the tiny cracks of humanity that he shows Watson take his breath away each and every time.
“Of course you did. Any case where I nearly get blown up - and I think we can agree that there have been more than necessary - really leave a sour taste in my mouth.”
“It was a corpse,” Sherlock states as an offering, hands already lifting slightly to the hem of John’s jumper in anticipation.
“No,” John corrects calmly, “it’s not…”
Sherlock turns his head slightly in confusion, “Thank you?”
“That’s true,” Sherlock smirked.
“God, I don’t know. Anything,” John answers, beyond actually caring
“I didn’t much care for this case,” Watson recalls.
. Instead, the closer his hand gets to Sherlock’s cheek, the slower the progress becomes. He grits his teeth again to control the tense, slightly-shaking-from-anger limb as he places it gently on to Sherlock’s left cheek.
Sherlock x-rays Irene’s phone and discovers explosives. Molly initiates another possible password option, but it’s wrong, as well. Back in 221B, Sherlock discovers Irene asleep in his bed. They discuss the encrypted email; Sherlock solves it within about eight seconds, and appears not to even realize Irene is truly flirting with him. John, showing his jealous side once again, attempts to interrupt their very intense staring contest by blurting out his middle name.
Sherlock and John sit in a stunned silence for a minute before turning to each other.
About a week after sending the DVDs back to the other dimension, Holmes notices a post-it note on the corner of the coffee table that hadn’t been there previously.
It appears to be the snippet of the end of a case, where Sherlock is being thanked for his help in recovering the painting of
When Sherlock returned back to the flat, he was covered in a murky brown mud which covered the bottoms of Sherlock’s trousers up to his knees.
“No,” Sherlock sulked, watching as his mother rolled her eyes.
“Yes, because by the time I got the job at the surgery, I was already dating Mary,” he says before he can even think it through.
“Say my name,” Sherlock requested on a whisper, his pupils wide as he watched John’s hand moving up and down, twisting at the tip to coax out more precome, “When you ejaculate, say my name.”
Holmes gets that rare look of regret in his eyes as he looks over at his friend, “No,” he says gently, “she wasn’t like that. She never tried to get involved with our work and never stopped you from coming when I called. I very much appreciated her for that.”
“How?” He asks honestly, still wary about this not meaning to John what it meant to him.
It seemed to work because Sherlock’s breathing hitched and he was clenching around John’s cock, his inner muscles fluttering around John whilst his left hand moved from John’s cheek to wrap around his own cock, stroking rapidly in order to meet John and his orgasm.
Because John was right (for once); Sherlock had not forgotten any of it at all.
“Well that’s certainly different,” Watson says in a bit of a daze, not wanting to admit to his racing heart born from not knowing if Holmes…
“What, no witty words for St. John Lockwood?” Sherlock needles seriously, smile also gone from his features.
hate your facial hair,” Holmes stresses once more.
“No, Sherlock, just…stay here,” he practically pleads.
A continuation of Mine and Goddess' work.
the left side of his neck is more sensitive than the right, he just knows it to be true. Thus, he moves on a bit quicker to place a loving kiss to the previously neglected freckle that is actually on the collar bone.
As John’s left hand moved to Sherlock’s chest, finding his right nipple through his t-shirt and teasing it through the thin fabric, Sherlock bucked again. He was already closer to an orgasm than he had ever been while awake, and the feelings were so intensely powerful and almost overwhelming. It was becoming clearer by the second: Sherlock’s body wanted this, and Sherlock wanted it to be with John.
“John,” Sherlock gasps, clearly struggling to keep his voice at a low level past his mirth, “Please stop.”
look of disdain before speaking, “What if it alters the future?”
a child," he tells John with a glare, looking and sounding remarkably like one at the moment.
“I'm sorry about the photos,” John said rapidly, closing the door behind him and moving to the edge of Sherlock's bed, “I didn't want to look rude in front of your parents and…I was a bit curious. You always seem like you were born at 30; I couldn't imagine you as a kid.”
When he looks up at John, Sherlock is shaking apart with laughter. “Too—much—“ Sherlock chokes out between giggles. “Not—exactly—
“Hello? Sorry, is someone in here?”
– and pulls him out a side door and into a cluttered office. Coach’s, perhaps? Gymnasium, after all. The pounding beats of “Like a Prayer” are audible through the door, thankfully muffled.
Sherlock decides maybe he hit his head after all. Because that voice is familiar. In fact, it sounds just like the one that belongs to—
Only a few days after Sherlock gave him his number, John thinks he’s really getting the hang of flirting through a text-based medium.
Sherlock sniffs without looking away from the bracelet he’s carefully weaving from his clipboard. (It’s pattern inspired by the helix formation of DNA.) “I’m sure I don’t know to what you’re referring, Graham.”
When they started seeing each other, they were fourteen and nobody thought it would last. They assumed James was ‘just a phase’ for John. So did James, for a while, until John convinced him otherwise.
some kind. The military ambitions I got from your posture and the royal military armband. The only remaining question is: why theatre? There are any number of
Sherlock, beside John, gasps in outrage. “They can’t just take Mrs. Hudson!” he cries, and before John can say or do anything, his lovely, ridiculous boyfriend is sprinting across the line into enemy territory. Sherlock dodges and weaves around the other teams’ players in order to tap Mrs. H out of jail. John is laughing at what a sap Sherlock becomes for Mrs. H when it happens. On his path back to safety, tiny Jim Moriarty barrels wildly towards Sherlock’s legs, and trips him up.
not seeing the problem! Because you definitely feel the same way.”
. Who was sweet and kind and Sherlock’s
“Hey, people change! It’s been ten years, after all.”
“Great. I know a place. They serve red jell-o on Tuesdays. And on every other day.”
John shakes his head. “That’s your job, now. You’re music, I’m lyrics.”
Harry leans towards him, concerned. “And you need legal advice? Is he in some trouble?”
* * *
Victor releases Sherlock’s hand and turns on John with an exaggerated expression of hurt. “It’s not a
“Oh. Well, I was calling to ask how your chem lab went, but I guess it can wait for another time.” Sherlock can hear the hurt in her tone, and sighs feeling guilty.
Sherlock’s eyes trace the contours of John’s face. He watches as John blinks, slower than usual. So Sherlock isn’t the only one affected. He leans forward and squints his eyes at the word printed on John’s forehead, searching hopelessly for inspiration: MADONNA. He gives up. “I don’t know who you are, or who you’re supposed to be.”
without a protégé. And I was wondering whether you wanted to be my ASM for the spring musical. I wasn’t sure whether or not you were planning to continue with theatre after this show, especially with all this. But you’d make an ace stage manager. I’d have just the one semester to train you up, then you could step into my shoes and be the stage manager next year. I’m certain you’d pick it up right quick. The way you called those shots, kept your head cool when Hope was up there? That situation was easily ten times as stressful as any disaster that could happen during a show. Which is saying something.”
“N-no!” John stammers, hoping it’s Sherlock’s footsteps he can heard thumping down the stairs behind Mrs. Hudson. “I would never do that to Sherlock, I like him a lot!”
Sherlock begins walking swiftly down the pavement, and John hurries to keep up.
“Daisies! Magical ones! Are these all for me?” Sherlock asks.
“God, must you?” Sherlock groaned.
“Eleven years.”
“Watson! You look bloody awful,” Greg said cheerfully. “But that’s to be expected. From what the papers say, you’re a bloody hero now. Nobody could actually
“I- have a client coming in from out of town. Maybe Thursday?”
the time to bring up that single, drunken and inadvised shag in seventh year. Bill takes the hint, and backs up a step, hands raised defensively, but with a smirk on his face.
John watches as Bill methodically measures out his potion into equal doses and carefully labels the vials. He
“What!” John yelped. The heart monitor next to his bed alerted Greg to his rising pulse rate. Damned machine.
“What!” John yelped, going beet red. “Sherlock and I aren’t—I mean, what exactly does changing a mic
“Yellow daisies?” John repeats, shifting in his seat to distract from the motion of pulling his wand from his pocket.
Thank fuck for Irene Adler, because now the dancer, Sherlock, is looking at her instead of at John, which means John has a chance to breathe again. And sure, he’s standing here like an idiotic third wheel, shifting awkwardly from side to side while the two of them chatter on, but at least he’s not still sticking his foot in his mouth. John doesn’t remember a time, ever, when he has been this attracted to somebody this quickly. With James and Mary, he’d at least been able to form complete sentences.
. Come sit.” He holds her gaze until she surrenders. As his dad pulls on her hand and pats his legs, she steps between them to perch on his lap, tipping her head against his. Sherlock watches for a while as his dad rubs her back, the pair of them just resting against each other.
When the Christmas season rolls around, John and Sherlock go shopping together for gifts.
he seen?
John breaks off the kiss when he feels Sherlock start to shake under his hands, and hears the beginning rumble of Sherlock’s laugh.
John watched Sherlock walk away, and felt something heavy and hot growing in the pit of his stomach.
Sherlock is already bored of this. “Is your wife away for long, Anderson?”
So, no, the customers, no matter how foreign their culture seems, aren’t a problem. It’s the dastardly complicated machinery and Muggle ephemera that have him stymied.
had been issued. That means he has two days. Well, today and most of tomorrow. Today and most of tomorrow and then it’s Mid-Summer Campfire, and this time Sherlock is absolutely going to
“Definitely.”
He feels under dressed. Maybe he should’ve worn the one with the tie after all, but he’d been nervous and the soft satin feel of his favorite purple button-down had been calling out to him.
“It is Speedy’s. I originally applied to work this half of the operation, but Mrs. H wanted me on the Muggle side, so Irene could train me,” John explains as he opens the door for Sherlock.
“No. No way in hell. I am
“It’s father. He’s in hospital.”
.’ I’ll show you.” Sherlock turns to his computer with a contained outrage that John finds pretty fucking cute, and begins clicking furiously through a series of screens. John can’t follow the logic of it, so instead he watches the play of blue-white light over Sherlock’s face in the darkening café.
“Do it again!”
“He’s just a person, Molly.” The words leave Sherlock before he’s fully considered them. It’s startling, to realize how true they are. Years spent idolizing John Watson, and it all came crashing down during a month’s rehearsals with the real man. What was the exact moment he stopped being John Watson and became just John? He’ll have to contemplate this later, because beside him Molly is hyperventilating, and in front of him a smiling John is approaching, tailed at a distance by a pair of security guards.
“When I woke up today, I was worrying about my secret coming between us. But it’s the opposite, isn’t it? It was the secret, keeping the distance. Now you finally know the real me.”
Sherlock shoulders his dance bag and turns right out of the studio, head already bent over his phone to compose an excited text to Molly (as he’d promised he would this morning), when a door suddenly opens forcibly into his side, and sends him tumbling to the ground.
It’s not exactly rare, for him to see his parents like this. They’re very affectionate with each other, and ridiculously in love, even after decades bickering together and the various trials of raising two genius sons. But just this moment, Sherlock feels like he’s intruding.
In, and out.
“Who?”
Neither John nor Sherlock has a fitting response to that.
When John runs out of lyrics entirely, Sherlock puts down his violin. The tension in his shoulders from earlier is all but gone.
“Hm?” John asks, brushing a curl behind Sherlock’s ear and wondering if they’ll ever leave this patch of tarmac. If he’ll ever want to.
stupid,’ that’s
“I-“ John starts, with no idea how the sentence is going to end.
Sherlock scoffed and pronounced him, “Boring!” then walked away without another word.
rushes through John until he’s in a place of utter ecstasy.
The shoulders are too wide and the hem an inch too short, but there’s something undeniably captivating about Sherlock in wizarding clothing. They should stop at a tailor’s while they’re in Diagon.
John can do this.
Sherlock snaps his jaw shut. Mycroft sounds…off. Like he does after a big political loss or a failed election rigging. “What’s happened?” he asks.
Yet another piece of the puzzle that was Sherlock Holmes which John delightedly added to his list. Along with ‘likes bees,’ ‘has an annoying older brother,’ and ‘best subject: chemistry.’
They’re entering dangerous territory. Plied with wine, the words he’s ached to say to John for
It’s surreal to be back home. The last months seem like a blur of questionable hotel rooms and sparkling performance spaces. Now, he’s waking up in his own bed each morning. He takes care of the house, helps his dad get around town when he needs to, and skirts Mummy’s probing questions whenever possible.
“Then when I got – a bit
John wakes up in hospital. He has a few visitors.
“Good morning, John.” Sherlock’s voice is rough, but still soft in the blue darkness of the room, the only light leaking in from the crack under the door. He smiles lazily, and John honestly wonders if he can die from adoration as his heart squeezes in his chest. Before he can think about it, he tugs Sherlock up for a kiss. It’s not the best tasting, first thing in the morning, but it’s still
He rolled his eyes at John’s self-doubt. “Don’t be ridiculous, John. You’re not even performing. Just get up there and do what you’ve been doing all week. You’ll be fantastic.”
John kept his spotlight aimed on Janine for what seemed like ages - but was actually about twenty minutes – and listened over headset as Greg got increasingly frustrated with the light board. It took twenty-five minutes for him to concede defeat and request Sarah over the loud speakers. John watched Sarah jog out from backstage- in the flowing green costume of Lady Capulet -and up the stairs to the balcony. She threw a quick wink at John as she ran past him to Greg’s table, currently covered in several thick manuals.
Molly throws an annoyed glare in his direction. “Fine. You can listen.” As she turns to John, it's suddenly as if she fills up the little kitchen, the bright turquoise jumper not detracting even slightly from the terrifying image of her twirling a knife between her hands as she approaches John. John straightens but doesn’t step away as Sherlock probably would have.
John fiddles with a CD player and some speakers until music begins to fill the living room. Sherlock barely has time to hear the beat before John shouts, “Oh, I love this one. Let’s dance!” He leaps (stumbles) from his seat and attempts to pull an obstinate Sherlock along with him.
“My face is on a bus.”
After a head shake and several rapid blinks, John finally spoke. "Erm, yeah. Yeah, s’pose that'll do for now." He coughed and looked away, visibly flustered. God, Sherlock hoped he hadn’t offended his
John can do this.
“Must you have that bloody phone out all the time, Irene?”
“Stop doing that,” Bill grumbles from across the room.
Sherlock’s shoulders are twisting with the beat, and there’s a mischievous sparkle in his eyes. “You’ll have to come and get me.”
“What wouldst thou have of me?” Hope asked tremulously as he drew his own weapon. The tone made John frown, the timid nature not at all in line with the vicious, derisive tone with which he’d previously imbued the line. Sherlock froze. Was he thrown by Hope’s deviation from rehearsal as well? It wasn’t like Sherlock to be affected by the poor performance of others.
Then Mycroft calls.
“I thought I had deduced everything important. You’re going to be a doctor, obviously, what with multiple med kits. Army perhaps, if the interest in sport and the obvious hero complex persists. Sister has a drinking problem, although nobody has said anything as she’s off at university and your parents assume it’s just regular partying. That’s obvious from the inscription on your second hand phone and the scratches around its sockets. You’re bisexual, obvious going by the patch on your bag and the way you flirt with boys and girls in our chem class. I thought I had it all right, but apparently I missed your involvement with, um...“
He does know. Stupid, lovely John Watson, of course, with his fit tanned legs and enormous smile and unattainability.
“I said
“John, John, John. You still have so much to learn,” Sherlock shook his head and tutted. The poncy, dramatic git. “Don’t you know? A bad dress rehearsal foretells a good opening night.”
“Well this is going terribly,” Sherlock chirped, looking positively delighted.
The soft hair on John’s neck, where Sherlock has unthinkingly placed his hand. A rough tongue flickering past his lips. The side of his nose gently rubbing John’s. The mossy base note of John’s cologne.
“Oh, for-“ Sherlock cries, taking out his phone and checking the caller ID.
“Enough chatter!” Hope shouted, deranged and hysterical. John shoved Sherlock heavily to the side, something in him instinctively understanding what was about to happen.
The girl’s mother clears her throat, voice a bit choked. “We need to get going, sweetie.”
Contracts are signed and eventually, John Watson's new music video (Out and Loud) drops.
“You’re not,” Mary disagreed.
John yelps. “Ow! Stop doing that all the time!”
gay. It’s called bisexual, darling.” Mary was the only person besides his sister Harry who knew John’s orientation. He hadn’t told her; she’d figured it out when John had admired the backside of one of her dates rather obviously. Not one of John’s finer moments, as he’d be the first to admit. “We can talk about something else, though since you’re in such a mood. How were football tryouts?”
“I was told I would be offered a contract to sign when I came in today?” he asks, wishing he sounded more confident.
“So. Those were your parents?” John asks.
Sherlock smirks. “Did they cover astrology as well?”
“I’m sure. Can you open your eyes for me, babe?”
“John, I want out of our deal.”
Sherlock was 19 years old this past January, which makes this is his thirteenth summer at
“Hmmm. What makes you think something’s wrong?”
John continues his thoughts aloud. “Then they lie dormant for a few months. And when they come back, it’s in Autumn and early Winter. But then they’re orange, and gold, and deep, royal purple.”
The next time John woke up, it was daytime. Another nurse returned to tell John exactly what had happened in the day and a half since his injury. No one else had been hurt, and the police and ambulance had arrived shortly after John had passed out. Jeff Hope had been caught fleeing the scene.
Mary convinces John to join the theatre. John meets some new people.
tolerated his odd quirks and habits, and he’s standing in this room.
“Precisely.” Sherlock nods his head, solemn. He raises an eyebrow at Molly. “You see what I mean?”
“Why?”
if you don’t just hear me out on this issue.”
“Fine.” John feigned extreme reluctance while secretly finding Sherlock’s intensity charming. “When I was a little kid, I really liked pirates. They had the best adventures, you know.” Sherlock blinked rapidly at John’s bedside, but John continued. “I read every book on them I could get my hands on. One of those books explained why pirates are always wearing eyepatches. It wasn’t because of missing eyeballs. They kept one eye behind a patch to make sure it was always accustomed to the dark, in case they needed to see underneath the deck of the ship during the day. I figured the same concept would apply to me, being able to see in the dark after working in the dark balcony for a couple of hours…” John’s speech halted when he saw the expression on Sherlock’s face. Something like…awe?
Before long, Sherlock begins to shift too, rubbing his cheek along John’s chest as he lifts his head to look blearily up into his face, still blinking out sleep. (It’s adorable, and a potent bolt of affection strikes right through John's heart at the sight).
“We’re here.” John gestures at the pub, fascinated to witness the potency of the anti-Muggle charm.
“This has happened before. When his older brother got shipped out, and then again when they thought his mom might have breast cancer. It's like he's shutting down non-essential operations while he figures out his head. But he’s never shut
. Something powerful and intense in his body and gaze. It’s once again like he’s looking
Sherlock gasps, “Scandalous! We’ve only been on one date, Mr. Watson.”
John blinks as he accepts the notebook and raises his guitar again. “I…sure.”
“You love me?” It’s small, and wondering. Like the genius Sherlock Holmes can’t wrap his mind around a new piece of data.
* * *
John was handling this just fine, it was just for another year or so, it was all
“The angry bumblebee song makes you think
“I’m not, not really! What do you mean?” Stanley said as he joined John by the list. “Oh my god. Sarah - Sarah, Mrs. Hudson actually cast me! What am I going to do?” he squeaked, eyes wide and fearful.
If anything, Mary is more like Magnussen. Surviving in the world using low morals and wretched methods, supported by a highly skilled mindset. Magnussen had fallen because his strength was also his weakness: his storage of blackmail information was inaccessible, but it was of no use if said storage organ got splattered on the ground. And Mary's weakness is going to be the trap technique she used for John: Rosie.
‘And it won’t be exclusive of you two anymore?’
'On his own?' he ignores Anna watching him intently.
not beta-ed, not brit-picked, not first language. Any wrong grammar please let me know.
To his surprise, Greg Lestrade comes to visit him. He is feeling extremely alienated as he learns basically some days had passed since the night at the pool. His health condition has finally been considered stable. Most of his injuries were secondary to the explosion anyway. His initial breathing difficulty lasted only the first two days, mainly impact wind-induced. Regular chest films were negative for pulmonary PDI, which was the biggest risk. He shows no signs of developing late pneumonia.
How can he respond without revealing? The day Sherlock escaped the hospital comes to his mind. 'She made it clear that she would do anything to secure what she wanted.'
He should have seen it coming from miles away. John has never been the most touchily-free person. None of his previous girlfriends had called him a romantic, or sweet, in fact, more than one considered him neglectful. They said he didn't really pay attention to them. He was accused a handful of times of only barely making an effort for the fun parts of being in a relationship and zero effort for the rest of it.
Sherlock reclines back and throws up his hands. 'Then enlighten me.'
Finally, he looks around himself and then frowns. 'John?'
Aadhya moved to make a signal, but Mary gestured to her and she stopped, looking curious. Mary herself turned the red light to Sherlock's head, and observed Watson's realisation face.
He inserts the needle and blood fills the vial. As it happens, John also sees the syringe growing large, large
. Put him on speaker'
'Hey! I was looking for you guys. I went home but the place is empty, except for furniture.' there's a spark in her eye as she looks at Sherlock, and the child in his arms. 'Looks like everything changed.'
'Mary, the girls at the clinic sent their love. Dolores said she will send some cupcakes any day.'
John frowns sarcastically at him, even if it probably wasn't visible to the man. 'He's Sherlock Holmes, as you already stated. There's
The man opens his eyes wide and intakes a huge breath. They stare at each other bewildered for a moment, and then Sherlock turns his naked back to John, crossing his arms tightly over his own heaving chest. John regards the scarred back in front of him. Sherlock has always been on the thin side, thus his ribs protuberate lightly over his skin, now also pulled by the tense muscles of his neck and shoulders.
He acquiesces, and has to agree that he can’t postpone this any longer.
She's been there for hours now. It would be morning soon. The sister had been in the room for ages before her boss took her back to the hotel she's checked in. From time to time, regularly, a nurse would go inside to take blood pressure and all the common procedures for those who stayed overnight at a hospital.
'Just avoid talking about murder in front of the kids, I don't want to be expelled from places. And we already had a complaint from the nursery about Rosie picking up adult words, whatever that means.'
It's not something they do that frequently. Sometimes… sometimes it's late at night, Rosie is deep asleep upstairs, and the baby monitor only emits static noise. Mrs. Hudson could be awake downstairs for all they know, sipping or smoking her herbal soothers, obscured but for the dim light of the telly, quiet as a mouse.
'Well, I don't believe you.'
He had dressed in pyjamas and gone to sleep beside John for the first time in almost a month, since Mary came back.
'No, John.' Sherlock finally turning from the wall, looking very serious. 'I think she's trying to summon her up.'
Mary was based in Ireland, with the occasional skip to Scotland, Wales and England's countryside. Apparently Moriarty already had London and big cities covered, but then, it didn't really surprise her. She set up a proper bank account, which received a more than adequate sum in a monthly basis. She had her beard job as usual, as a nurse at the local A&E. Every time a service coincided with day job an extra fare was delivered in her account.
Sherlock just dismisses him with a wave. The unpleasant mood sustains some more. 'I had a boyfriend you know.' he murmurs, definitely looking everywhere but John, who is glad one can't really suffocate in saliva.
'I'm afraid so.'
'I was scrolling down his blog.' Sherlock answers with the small voice John
'Breathe in and out. It's ok.' Sherlock peeks at him, sounding too bloody calm.
John opens the closet door, his own gun steadily pointed to Brent's face, and right after the front door also opens, three uniformed men with pistols announce themselves. 'PUT THE GUN DOWN.'
'And when it wasn't possible?'
'What happened before you left home? Did you hit your head?'
Only three glasses later he speaks. 'Deduced what happened?'
Sherlock widens his eyes at him. 'Sorry to sprung that on you, needed to get it out. I talked around it last time, putting
He looks around. Everything on his left is a bit of a blur. The window of the living room is there, but he can't see anything outside. Mary is sitting on the sofa, a gun in her hand. She smiles sweetly at him, just like their wedding day. When did that happen again?
John swallows. Rosie seems very interested, and traces Sherlock's scars lightly before pinching his arm. Sherlock grimaces when she pulls off an arm hair and gently extracts her hand, putting it over the side of his leg, where he was stabbed by the creepy stalker. Because of the infection, the healing process was a bit messy, leaving a hypertrophic scar that could be felt through thin clothes such as his pyjama bottoms. 'This was a bad man's job. He's in jail now.'
He is already crossing the doorstep when John reaches the living room, back to the inside of the house. He is buttoning his coat against the moderate chilly wind. John closes the door delicately behind him and waits for him to finish and wrap his scarf in his neck. 'I'm sorry for that.'
'Oh.' he turns and Sherlock is already in the kitchen, brandishing his notepad in John's direction for him to catch. There are lots of scribbles crossed and some things circled, and he put explanatory notes by the sides of the paper. He reads everything trying to visualize how he would say the words.
The bell for 221C, Sherlock's new reception office for clients, is turned off for the day, and John is honestly flattered that he made the effort to entertain Rosie for the whole day. Mrs. Hudson intercepts him by the door when he arrives from the shops, and
,' he sighs and his voice drops at least three bars on volume. 'And you are sending me very mixed signals. I'm not sure what we are doing.'
He twists his face to accept the kiss, but moves away soon. Sherlock frowns. 'Want to come to my room?'
-- * --
'Mr. Sullivan, this is MI6, and to our understanding you committed a terrorist act by implanting a bomb in Mary Watson's personal vehicle. If we call the police you will also respond for trespassing, attempted homicide and illegal gun ownership. Put your weapon on the floor and get away from the civilian.' one of the uniformed guys recites in monotone, while the other two move around the living room, covering more ground on the ambush.
Now that it came to mind, he hasn't really stopped to think about Sherlock boxing. He had said he used to at Uni. That was a picture. Sherlock is really fit and stronger than he looked. How would it be, being in early twenties, athletic as girls usually like, mysterious and posh, with that voice that sounded like warm honey on ears, perhaps he trained shirtless…
? Good lord…
He does it before following Anna to the kitchen. She is putting away the dishes.
Given that this is all information pertaining to the woman he is aware of, it comes to a surprise her sudden belligerent treatment of him. He asks for the list of scheduled patients for the day and she slams it at the reception counter, saying nothing. He blinks confused at her, but doesn't respond.
‘What are you going to do about, shoot him again, Anna?’ he snaps.
'Nope. You took half an hour more than the usual time to arrive. Were you doing something else?'
John is made to wait in the car with a cop while a sergeant and her team enter the flat. He keeps bouncing in his seat, trying to keep his nails out of his mouth. Suddenly the radio announces:
She makes a note. 'Please, elaborate.'
John looks very much like he would gladly be swallowed by the ground. Sherlock just taps his fingers on his own leg, patiently. John sighs. 'I can't hide anything from you, can I? Ok, I tell you about him.'
Sherlock wrote something on his spreadsheet.
The fact that she deliberately ignored Sherlock had been taken for the special government agents couple hours before to save her arse, and plus bringing up the child so soon, laughing it off like nothing happened, having the boldness to affirm everything was
'That's the problem.' she snorts at him. 'You don't even realise there's an issue here! It's always been like that. Ok, ' she raises her hands 'I'll give in for you. I'll explain. You cannot forget I am your wife. The mother of your daughter. I am your priority. So think about my feelings before doing potential harmful things for everyone.'
How could he look so soft? How could Sherlock Holmes, known as the most abrasive arsehole in London, be there all melted in John Watson’s very own arms, receptive and soft like cotton, smiling silly at him with his eyes and crooked nose, how
She hums, thoughtful. 'I have a deck, but I usually play bridge. Do you know a game for two players?'
'So I was a substitute to David?'
‘You didn’t want to see.’
His own mouth produces sound, but he is not opening his sealed lips. He sees Mary getting up, gun up in the air, but he can't open his eyes. 'You were supposed to come back.'
'You really think it's a good idea to hear about his ex-boyfriend?'
'You shouldn't have to be sleep deprived to keep up with a cat you know.'
The doctor searches his face as if he’s an alien. Sherlock gets up behind him and holds firmly John’s shoulder.
him look like that and expect not to be kissed over and over and over-
'Ms. Agnes is being quite… civil. She's at home, having only left to go to work or the supermarket. This morning had a quick trip to the pharmacy. I'm keeping an eye of course, since it's very unexpected, shall we say?' Mycroft finishes, one eyebrow raised. It disturbingly reminded him of Sherlock.
‘And your pendrive was blank. I’m hardly the worst liar in the house!’
Not betaed, not brit-picked, not first language and late as fuck.
'Am I running out of time?' he asks the cat, cleaning some sweat from his eyes with the back of his hand.
Her eyes fill with tears, and John looks away, a bit embarrassed. He waits for her to compose herself before speaking.
'Oh my god!' Sherlock stands up. 'That's what you thought!'
'Who is him?' and how did you two meet, how did you know you fancied him, how long did you stay together, why was it over, where is him now, but John finds it very hard to project his voice right now.
He can't see much. Todd has turned off all the lights again, and Sherlock honestly doesn't know if he's still in the flat. He's still a bit dizzy from the blood loss, so his normally highly accurate audition isn't reliable. He's grateful to have his coat on while lying on the cold floor.
'Yeah, sure.' he says quickly as he stalks to the kitchen to collect his piece of bread. Sherlock oscillates in his place, and John feels a pang in his chest. 'Maybe you could record it so we can watch together tomorrow?'
'Marissa is on forensics for this one, she's generally agreeable on your antics. I'll ask her to email you. You're sure you don't want to take a look yourself?'
Finally, her face softens, and she pushes the door a bit more open. 'I accept your apology then. Perhaps you should learn how to ask for help, when needed?'
Hence, when he finally notices the cat has been following him around, he ignores it. He refuses to acknowledge it, and doesn't dare mention it to Sherlock. The cat is there walking along the Thames Banks, from a distance. It's sitting on a tree branch outside Connie Prince's flat. It had been chilling on a cat yoga pose at Vauxhall Arches where they saw Golem. It's perched at the top of an empty carriage at Battersea Station as John talks to the subway guy about Andrew West's case on the trails. It's even burying a poop under a bush right at the outside of the Diogenes club. It sits in a shadow corner of the Hickman Gallery, staring at John, during the whole countdown a kid makes on the speakerphone as Sherlock analyses a fake painting.
'Why you want to stay with your daughter, John.'
‘Okay. Okay. That’s… thanks.’
The living room is a two room space, divided between dinner table for six people on one side and a sofa accompanied by two fancy chairs in front of a Smart TV on the other side. It doesn't have access to the balcony, but large windows to outside do the trick.
'People get it wrong.' Sherlock replies smiling at him. 'You make it appears you're the social one, but you don't even have friends!'
' he spits venomously.
— * —
'Good night, John.' his smile is the last thing his human eyes see before the clock turns 10:27pm, and the now familiar sensation of being condensed into a smaller shape takes him over.
'Ta, Mrs. Hudson, do you need something?'
They talk a bit more, recounting other important parts of the conversation to make sure it was going the way they had planned. Finally there’s nothing else for Janine to add, so she announces her departure. She shakes hands with John, but kisses Sherlock’s cheek. He keeps balling his fists until the door closes with her out in the street.
'Sure.' he answers messing with his pudding. Sherlock is eating frenziedly.
He stands still, begging internally for the cat not to run away. Is it the same one? Must be. Please let it be.
'Sherlock?'
By the way, how do I put URLs in words here? The html confuses the hell out of me :'')
His hands are holding his own knees for the squatting position. He takes one out and carefully touches the cat nose with a single finger. The cat smells the finger and bit-bites it. It doesn't hurt, but John knows they could if they wanted to. Instantly. He nods.
Sherlock comes to the living room and crouches in front of Rosie. 'I do get hurt a lot. See this?' he shows his fingers to her, some of them have patches of discoloured skin. 'Acid burns. That's why you should always have gloves when working with chemicals.'
He is idling scrolling through the email account attached to his blog, which hasn't been updated in ages. After everything they've gone through, he concludes he doesn't want his life on display anymore. In fact, on a recent whim he decided to delete Facebook and Instagram. He barely ever posted on Facebook, having created one after coming back from Afghanistan because Harry told him it was a good tool to keep up with people at arm's length. Mary had been the one to convince him to create Instagram, initially to post their pictures at dates - most times she did it herself.
in the equation, so I just wanted to say it clearly. Only for you.'
They do get sparked, John gives in to that. But after some time it's clear the activity is not exactly going anywhere for both of them. He starts to get frustrated, tries to be faster, rougher, urging Sherlock to do the same. It reaches a point that the detective exclaims 'Ouch, John!'.
'Despite what it may seem, Ms. Morstan, I'm not interested at all in who you are, only in your services.' he said in a singing and fairly annoying voice. It gave her chills from the bottom of her spine.
'Don't ask the obvious.' he answers, redirecting his mouth to the long neck.
"What are you doing, no, don't, stop it, stop right now" he thinks holding his breath.
'I'm not supposed to guide the dance, John.' she says still cheerful.
'I'm aware we don't know each other
comes up behind his eyes. He tries to control the bile that creeps up his throat and kisses her back. It's been months. She lifts the hem of her t-shirt just enough and guides one his hands to her breasts, and the other one inside her pyjama trousers.
The cat grants you a wish, but doesn't explain the causal chain to get there. And it's never magical. It just happens.
'That's good! Will she come here?' John manifests still using the chair's arm as a seat.
On the second day Todd comes by. He has a key to the flat (and Sherlock needs to ascertain how he obtained a copy). The hidden camera on the other building catches him already. Sherlock trails him through the app on his phone, connected to the cameras. Todd seems strangely purposeful, instead of looking around. In the kitchen, he stops in the middle of the room, and suddenly he looks directly to the camera in the open cupboard, making Sherlock startles back in his spot. Todd takes the camera and his hand is the last thing Sherlock sees before the image cuts off.
'Right now we are waiting for Mycroft. You can talk to her if you want to, I believe the sedatives for endoscopy are already off.'
Sherlock blinks several times. 'I thought… she had accepted our help when she came back wit-'
Likewise, the clinic doesn't make him comfortable anymore. He had resumed working after he moving out from Baker Street. He had needed fresh air, talk to different people. No one asked him about Sherlock there. It had restored him a bit. But now the place reeks of
'I know it's been pleasant to you, stopping by when you want until you're satisfied with
'Yeah. I...' he rubs his face. 'I said some things I shouldn't. My anxiety also got in the way and I backed up from our plans without
Silence fills the room. John looks back and forth between the two of them, mouth agape. Sherlock is breathing heavily like he ran a marathon, but he keeps looking at Mycroft, who is once more completely taken aback.
After what seemed an eternity, John groans.
The culprit himself is taking some books from their shelves, carefully calculating and reorganising.
‘But don’t you think that he wouldn’t be with you if he didn’t find you remarkable?’
'We are aware that A.G.R.A killed your father in a lock robbery and were responsible for your house burning. But there's no need to add more crimes for your case. Put the gun down, and we will call you a lawyer.'
When the detective obeys John pulls him down by his nape, encircling his waist with his other arm, embracing him tightly. After a second of shock, Sherlock retributes, crossing his arms around John's back. John buries his face on Sherlock's neck, breathing it in. They don't talk about it, but John hopes he has understood.
'Tell me.' he says softly, and presses his nails into the marked flesh. They stare into each other's eyes until their breathing is synchronised. He relaxes his fingertips for two seconds before digging them again. Sherlock exhales suddenly at the move, so he repeats. 'Tell me.'
you should… go back to her.' he finishes with an almost painful expression.
'Boxing.'
He returns to the kitchen to get some of the huge black garbage bags. He is pragmatic about throwing out everything he deems unnecessary. His bike has been unused for months, and he actually takes a moment to think about it. He wants to stay with it but he has to arrange a place to store it at 221B. Perhaps at 221C? It's not like the place will be rented, and he can add something monthly to Mrs. Hudson in exchange to it.
His back is full of scars. Old ones he's sure he's never seen before. Scratch that, he's sure they weren't
Suddenly he realises he truly digged deep when the pictures from the Brighton exile appear. Sherlock in a sugar induced comatose sprawled on the hotel's sofa. Rosie playing on the carpet. The stormy night where Sherlock talked to her about the science of thunders until she calmed down. He doesn't remember the video at all beyond the vague description of what happened, so he plays it.
'What, communitary services? Doesn't seem so bad.' John interrupts, a laugh already creeping up. But Mycroft remains serious.
All three adults turn to Rosie, who is looking expectantly over her shoulder, still strapped to the swings. Sherlock quickly moves to remove and lift her. 'Yes, Watson, murder unfortunately is somewhat lacking in our repertoire lately, but I'm sure Lestrade will bring us a nice cold case to unveil. John, I'll take her to the slide.' he deposits a mhwaa kiss on John's forehead and strides away without another word or looking back.
'Not really. We were… good. Very good.' he says, sheepish. John's demeanour changes immediately. "Ah. He's jealous. Change approach." 'I found out his father had been involved in a criminal organization in the past. I was always suspicious that a country lawyer was so wealthy where no inheritance had place. You could say it was my first case.'
He goes back to holding him. 'Yes. I'd say LSD but we have to test it.'
He supposes it makes him a crap person, but he tries to keep his relationship with Sarah out of convenience if anything. He knows that
By the spring of 2008 Rachel Bailey had been living in Missouri for almost a year. She worked as a receptionist in a dentist clinic, and arrived home at 7pm everyday. But sundays were always dreadful, being mostly at home. It made worse that she didn't have a real job in several weeks now. Honestly, it was time to move again.
'This is not like that. Mycroft guaranteed the mission is not a veiled punishment. It's not supposed to take more than a month.'
Was it possible to do it and not die out of boredom?
He crosses his arms but doesn't move, taping his foot and looking around. Desk Guy resumed typing but keeps giving him nervous side glimpses. Perhaps he's new. He'll get used to it, or look for a new job.
Also: it's still October 3rd in my time zone! Late but still today.
'You said you would be home early.' she crosses her arms and moves to stand in front of him.
Not betaed, not brit-picked, not first language. Sorry about any mistakes, please point them out!
'Mycroft wants to talk to you. You weren't answering your phone.' he responds as placidly as he could. Sherlock looks mixedly perplexed and annoyed, and pushes back the curtain to its place.
'I'm afraid.' is all he manages to say, and his voice is barely above a murmur.
After his eyesight gets used to the dark, he analyses the sleeping detective. He would want to scrutinize him better for the first time and perhaps be a little soppy about it, but something definitely isn't right. His eyes are moving rapidly behind his lids, and the jerks, while not aggressive, are visible. What really makes John decide for waking him is the locked jaw. He gently pokes his shoulder.
He covers the body under his, kissing his jawline. Sherlock holds him tight, arms across his back. 'Let me. I've been wanting
It becomes sort of his new game, trying to find out what Sherlock likes. There is a subtle balance between the exhilarating feeling of thinking about the right question at the right moment, and the thrilling game of trying to guess by himself what is negative and what is a positive response.
'The second.'
After a whole week avoiding Sherlock's bedroom, he enters, fully equipped with cleaning material, and closes the door behind him. Sherlock's room is surprisingly neat for someone who lets their living room in such a state that it is possible to hide stuff in plain sight and nobody will notice it.
'Do you need something?' he asks confused.
have never been like that before.' she says punctuating her words with acidity. 'I tolerated your "mimimi" ' she does the quote marks in the air. 'when we dated because he was
'I care about you.' he repeats flatly. John is suddenly feeling like he lost all control of the conversation. The foggy sensation in his head is dissipating but he still can't see clear. 'So I care about you, and then I decided to, I don't know, comfort you?'
He quickly notices he should have scrubbed the blood out while it was still wet because right now it seems the stain is forever. He complains about it, to which Sherlock doesn't seem even remotely fazed. He abandoned cleaning long ago to reorganize his papers into the usual indexed mess.
He just waves to the horrified mother and follows him. They end up giving up on the slide due to a bunch of older kids jumping around it, and it's probably not safe for still toddler Rosie, who is perfectly content sitting on the sandbox with a toy shovel and bucket. They sit on a bench right in front of it to watch her.
John fiddles with his glass. 'How did you two meet?'
He stares at the strong profile watching Rosie like a hawk, decides to put himself on the spot to make it even. 'I was deadly jealous of Irene Adler.'
The man chews his answer for some moments. ‘Ok. I can’t say I agree with you, but I see your reason. It’s your daughter too after all. I’ll… do what I can.’
He knows he woke up before his eyes open. He still feels frozen in place, and when he finally unglue his eyelids the room is dark. Sherlock's room, and bed. Where he came to sleep even if his stuff is still at Mary's house because Rosie fell asleep after they spent the Sunday cleaning and Sherlock had said it wouldn't be a problem.
'Here we are!'
'I have twin girls. They are seven.' he tells him without meeting his eyes.
Entering these types of buildings, gatekept 24/7, is never simple, but he has an international reputation for a reason. Disappointedly enough, lockpicking into the flat is the easiest part, even considering the security cameras pointed to the foyer and the corridor leading to the lift.
The whole situation was so unnerving her finger on the trigger got antsy. Ten years behind she would have loved this, but right now she didn't know what she wanted. Maybe her energies for this sort of life were already drained. It was starting to make her angry.
.  It means he's going to stay, right? He's not leaving like he said. He will not pursue women anymore, and Sherlock will love him everyday and they will kiss all the time, and they will go back to crime scenes together, and Sherlock will play him the song he composed with John in mind and-
The song Sherlock chooses is Dark Waltz, by Hayley Westenra.
He just presses his lips and raises his eyebrow once, avoiding an answer.
John had been somewhat angry with Mycroft. But he looks at his worried and resigned face, and understands what he has been told all this time.
On the twelfth day John caughts Sherlock trying to bribe the room's morning maid to give him one of the cigarettes he deduced she had in her pocket for the off time. He pushes Sherlock aside and tells her to spread the word that cigarettes or any other narcotics are strictly forbidden in their room. He makes himself very emphatic and unambiguous. When he checks on Sherlock he is smoking a blue biro.
'Ha!' he feels so light he could touch the ceiling, and Rosie bounces in his arms. He walks to the sofa and promptly drops her over Sherlock, who receives the package with a "oof".
He is hesitant to let Sherlock leave his sight. He makes sure to stand nearby whenever he is. He tries not to be so obvious as to follow him room to room, but he does propose a lot of joint activities on a daily basis, like having meals, watching the telly, looking up weird murders on the internet, reading forensic medicine articles.
George steps into the balcony finally. 'It's a very tall building, isn't it? Panels are so fragile, they can easily drop someone down there. Especially if they are breaking in and don't know how to operate the windows. You have experience falling off buildings last I heard. I do wonder.'
Two officials take Aadhya side by side. Her wrists are locked in handcuffs behind her back and she walks to the special police forces car with her chin up, regarding everyone as if they don't worth the dust beneath her feet.
He tries not to rush, since there's no reason to, but it's hard to not bounce anxiously. At Baker Street he thanks Mrs. Hudson and sees her to her flat, before running to Sherlock's office.
'I tried for years to get you interested in astronomy, as a joke.' he says still holding his hand in place. 'And you refused to even talk about it. But you studied, you were able to lecture Rosie back in Brighton on why the sky gets dark. Why did you study the solar system?'
-- * --
. People looking me. Wanna vomit. Thirsty. All is orange.' he whines very quietly, like he doesn't want to be heard. Which is understandable given the circumstances, but the situation brings a strange familiarity to Sherlock.
Sherlock doing anything he wants just to please him because John's a selfish prick who will take and take never give. Everything they have is not real and honestly how could it be. It's just a figment of his imagination. Everyone betrays him, he can't trust anyone, he can't do anything right. It's always his fault.
'Show me.' John beams at him, releasing his feet and getting up. It's in a folder, and John had rightfully called a project, because Sherlock had indeed planned for long-term, with spreadsheets, lists, charts and diagrams. It includes how they would accommodate her in the flat, and the changes in furniture until she went to college, and also their time-table around her before and after nursery and during school, and how much money they would need, and many other things John himself hadn't considered before.
And about one thing she was certain: it would not be easy to get rid of him.
Sherlock sits and of course doesn't even offer help to put the table. John organizes the plates and the potatoes dish. Green beans are already in place when he sees Anna bringing a casserole with Shepherd's pie. Sherlock absolutely hates Shepherd's pie. John looks at him. He's sporting an acute poker face.
'I-I’ve meant to say always and then never have.'
Their time is running up. ‘John, when is the baby due?’
'Ahn… I don't think he did?' he replies confused.
Sherlock falls asleep before him, but he does eventually succumb again.
Cat releases John's finger, and goes away. He follows them for a whole block, but they turn a corner and disappear entirely.
'It is
A huff is his only reply.
yawn. get up. elongate spine.
'Ok. Ahm. Mary, I forgive you. I'll protect our family, so--so you don't have to, hm-'
He pulls the earlobe back with his teeth, while fully grasping the thigh under his hand and squeezing it
'She has the advantage on you.' he winks at him. 'She can shoot legally.'
'Now you, text me after you tested your gift.' she smiles mischievously at him. John turns back in time to see Sherlock becoming a living shade of tomato. John narrows his eyes and searches the room. On the kitchen table there's a fancy small black paper bag.
'I found very cute.' she tells him. 'But as you said in your best man speech, John is quite romantic in his blog. He said that our wedding was the best day of his life, isn't this lovely?' she beams at John, who smiles back but feeling more like his mouth is spasming, and begs for her not to notice. Sherlock keeps his gaze down. She turns back to him. 'And you were great as best man. Perhaps you could be the godfather of our daughter, what do you think?'
She coughs miserably at his account. 'Post-nasal drip is not any fun, I'm aware. Let's see your nose.'
'This is unacceptable.' he says in a strained voice, eyes sharp like an eagle.
'Tell that to the next criminal who invades someone's house.' Sherlock answers sarcastically.
He takes a little agenda out of his pocket. 'Eszter Agnes, divorced. Anna-Greta's younger sister and only family alive still in Hungary. I finally managed to contact her. She had disappeared from the files because of a change in her surname, but she she's been using her maiden name again since last year.'
'I liked The Afghan War. Talking about healthcare crimes, good thing you two did in that case of patients being sexually abused. Stella told me you systematised the evidence and counselled them on how to report to the Met.'
The separate corridors that lead to the kitchen and the living room are going to disappear, leaving just one door and creating an inside connection to the first floor, where John's old room was. There's enough space between the walls to expand the first floor in a bigger bedroom and create another smaller bathroom, with a simple showerhead and no tube.
Sherlock looks a bit awkward but he is feigning well. John knows by heart how he looks like when he's uncomfortable, which usually happens in social gatherings. Anna comes to greet him with the regular hug and a huge smile that doesn't sit well on John. She's wearing a large black cardigan over her shirt, strange because their heater is working fairly well, but he doesn't comment. She also put some make-up on.
About lunchtime he receives a call from Mycroft. 'Took him long enough.' is all Sherlock has to say about before disappearing to his room. John glares at his back and answer his phone.
'What?'
'Something like that.' he mumbles with his mouth full. She tsks at him for that.
He is told to wait for a panda car, for Keona's security and also so he doesn't warn Todd Fuller off. They find his picture on the archives, he has one physical altercation with a police officer and two sexual assault incidents on his history. One of the victims was a minor at the time. A car goes to his registered address, and another to Keona's house, with John in tow. He hears Greg's voice on the radio saying a team was checking the today's CCTV footage close to both locations and also the hotels where Keona had stayed in.
'You heard me.'
‘You are the criminal here! Who would let
John frowns. 'Well, she was lying. What a novelty. We briefly talked about him twice at most and one of those was about his invitation to the ceremony. I think she saw right away my… feelings. The wedding day I understood that I wanted him to be my friend, nothing more.'
John turns to lie on his back and watches as Sherlock puts on pyjamas trousers. He himself hasn't bothered with clothes at night for weeks now, since he will lose them in the process anyway. Sherlock crawls back under the duvet, and they lay on their sides, looking at each other. Sherlock peeks over John's shoulder to the digital clock on the bedside table.
She doesn't sit at the foldable chair, preferring to stand over his bed, touching his arm. Moves to hold his hand. He stares at it instead of looking at her.
'I haven't a single clue what you're aiming at by coming to my workplace and talking shit about me to coworkers. How is that taking care of your family?' he spits.
He had been kinda relieved she did that due to his inability of speaking aloud important things. He had been hiding from himself, deep in his chest, that after Sherlock returned he wasn't so sure about marrying her. He had confessed things to Sherlock's grave, and none of its content was replicated in his feelings for Mary. Only a piece of stone in the whole world knows it.
He looks over at his family, and thinks about the papers he collected with his lawyer, hidden in John's desk drawer at his new work closer to Westminster. He had a lot of things to talk about with the lawyer. What to do with the empty house in the suburbs, that he can't sell because it's on Mary's name, and while she gave no sign of life in six months, she's not officially dead. Can he divorce someone who is not here to sign under? What are the procedures of adoption by one parent?
John groans and pulls him to a long snog. They part once again, the blond nosing his way on the side of Sherlock's head.
'Liquid courage.' he answers, doing the same. 'It wasn't messy because it barely existed.'
Well, not everything if he's being honest. Just last week Sherlock had been trying to replicate some new hypothesis on the effects of pig's insulin on blood patterns caused by knife wounds. It had involved a dead pig in the shower, and John refusing to sleep in the flat while the thing was still there.
'I was.' Sherlock bites his bottom lip. 'When you asked.' he looks at him from under his eyelashes.
-- * --
Mary shrugs. 'I thought you needed a new winter coat. Soon you'll need it and yours has a tear.'
'Before we were interrupted, you were saying how you ended up on the streets after going jobless.' he pinches his waist playfully.
The sound of stirring stops. 'Hello, John.'
When she gave the phone to John, he wasn't even allowed to pronounce "Clara" aloud in her vicinity.
-- * --
He looks around the cramped space. There is a cardboard box tucked in the corner, full of old clothes he never got around to donating. It's too soft for him to climb on it. He stands on tiptoes to check the first shelf. Far behind all the clutter, almost hidden from view, stands a framed painting.
We're starting the second part of this fic, where we have more Johnlock, less Mary, and Sherlock pov soon to come!
'Yes. Luckily we found enough evidence on her for a life sentence back at her home country. Yesterday I filled the marriage annulment form.'
‘So, David. You asked for this meeting in spite of the fact that we had already covered your course of action. I presume you want to talk to John.’ he puts his hands in praying fashion under his chin.
They turn to see John striding to them. He watches the scene with wide eyes, and his cheek has pillow marks. He notices Sherlock's bleeding, and kneels on the floor carelessly of the glass, which makes Mrs. Hudson tut. '
'Of course.' he nods.
'It's fine, it's fine, you see? It's already over' John tries to console her, palming her back up and down while she cries. He checks her knee, the block didn't wound, but the outline of its shape is printed into the red skin. He massages it to increase the blood flow back. 'It's not so bad, you'll be right as rain in a few minutes.'
He refrains from answering, knowing it wouldn't be less than a snap, but pockets his phone. He checks the window just in time the neighbor and her son are arriving together. He seems way better, but John can't really bring himself to care. He goes to the sofa fetch his own laptop. He doesn't have the guts to post again on his blog. In fact, last time it has been updated was during his honeymoon, by Sherlock himself. He remembers just observing Sherlock's interaction with the blog readers, until he said "John would ask me if he was here" and he had to turn off his phone to hold back calling the madman.
'Yeah, I heard you the first time.' he cuts off drily.
John played with the nape curl with his point finger while considering this. Yes, he did. Sherlock had done everything for him to have the perfect boring life he allegedly wanted. And all he got was a bullet in the chest, the threat of exile and death far away from home and John asking more and more things of him. He leaned to press another light kiss on the cupid bow lips.
I bet you all thought you'd seen the last of me. Sorry, sorry, no excuses for this delay! I'll try to post the last chapters as fast as I can so it's finished before series 4 (yes I'm aware of the short time frame. But who doesn't work better under pressure?).
John calls him. 'Please, Sherlock.'
He's at the break room at the clinic. Dolores is chatting up the new nurse and Dr. Pattinson is reading a magazine. The tv is on, but nobody is paying attention until all of a sudden the emergency news starts to broadcast. The pressman fights his way with another hundred of journalists trying to break the police blockade.
It's perplexing how she is throwing money at him, like bringing gifts from a vacation trip. The whole ordeal stinks of something old he had hoped was putrefied. He keeps reminding himself that it probably never died if Ajay was able to find her - and she was able to find him. Linkages that seemingly were never completely cut off.
'Why would I bring them here?' he frowns at Sherlock.
Whatever is the explanation, his denial has made him take some bad decisions. He scorned Sherlock's reasoning, and he jumped out of a building. He ignored Sherlock's blatant sadness and found him in a drug den. He undermined Sherlock's dedication, and ended up with a body at his feet. He can't keep doing that.
A hysterical giggle threatens to come up his throat. He just kisses Sherlock's bicep and goes to attend Rosie Watson, who is now trying to dive into the carpet to retrieve the giraffe.
'He was high before he got on the plane.' Mycroft answers, looking exhausted.
John surveys the bathroom. 'It's not what I'm thinking.' his eyes land at the razor that had fallen on the floor in the commotion. The bloody razor, figuratively and literally. He takes the razor, and drops it in the sink. He closes his eyes for a single moment, holding onto the counter, and seems to gather up courage. 'Can you drop the towel, please?'
'Fascinating.'
Come talk to me on tumblr! user thanks-mike-stamford. See ya!
He sits in his chair, pinching the bridge of his nose. Sherlock has been on observation for a few days now. After he left the hospital unsupervised his lungs almost failed, and he had to spend overnight in ventilators. Since he hadn't been even near of full recovery, residual blood had slipped in the space between his chest wall and his lungs, and made him short of breath for the whole time while John shouted at him and kicked furniture around.
John had been avoiding this too long. He toyed with the locked box a few times but never intending to open it. The closest call had been at the tarmac, and he was so grateful that Sherlock backed off at the time. But not now.
He uses the saline drops in her (starting to congest) nose. She makes an angry noise and kicks about a bit. He takes the bottled breastmilk that came on the thermal bag with her stuff and deposits in the pan with hot water. When it warms enough, he directs to her mouth. She objects at first but soon seems to approve of warm milk, and drinks it hungrily.
John opens his mouth but closes it again. He looks all over Sherlock's face. 'Your hair makes me want to play with it every time I look at it.'
"Did you ever find out who the neighbor was?" John forced himself to ask.
"Is it because you live in a flat? We live in one now. Dad says it's only for a while. He's working hard. He bakes." She shifted the bear to her opposite arm. "He works at home too, but once I get home from school Rory's my job."
"And you both became upset when you didn't get it?"  Sherlock nodded, still not understanding, but John had a horrible realization what Harvey was trying to get at.  Just like she had implied that Phillip had really broken his arm because K had fought back his unwanted advances, she was going to imply that what Sherlock had told Victor Trevor was for a similar reason.
John never thought he’d find himself agreeing to go to a support group, but Gloria was right: this was hard.  “I’d like to see what it’s like,” he told her.
The trial is over. What now?
"Her vocabulary."  She made a face.
"No. He's going to say every other juror would have done the same thing."
"I went out for a walk.  Everything here was still so new and I wanted to see more of it.  My parents weren't sure it was a good idea but after a bit they let me go out."
"Don't be surprised if he's not willing to talk."
"A little over a year ago.  Mum and Dad went there because they help homeless people and asked if someone could checkup on me once a month or so."
"Drop the subject."  He sounded so firm that John knew to push the issue would probably result in disaster.
"What did you say to him?"
(See the end of the chapter for
An unfamiliar voice sounded from behind where Sherlock sat.  "Oh yes.  Is that the one who, when she found out Martin didn't get paid, asked if he ate a lot at parties?"  It was a male voice, deep.  Of course, the man from the hotel room.
John realized this conversation wasn’t going to end any time soon, so he made himself comfortable in one of the chairs.  “Do you think you’ll be able to talk to anyone else that the Yard suspects is one of K’s victims?”  He was starting to feel a twinge of unease whenever anyone referred to K.  That at least he could understand.
"The one with the one-way mirror?" Sherlock said.  "Yes, we can get there without any trouble."  He was clearly trying to sound confident, but there was a distinct undercurrent of anxiety. John decided it was best to take the lead here and got up to leave first.
"Do you think he'd be more comfortable if there was an agreement like the one mentioned before? It's never brought up unless he brings it up first?"
"And that's what they're talking about?"
"How long has his brother been living with you?" Mari continued to look at Gloria.
"No."
Sherlock stared at Harvey with wide, frightened, childlike eyes.  "No.  I'd beg sometimes and She thought that was funny."
"No."
"Most of the time."
Suddenly he was filled with an almost supernatural longing for his home, and he fought back tears.  To distract himself, he reached for the nearest of the library books and made himself open it.  The words swum in front of his eyes, and he blinked a few times and made himself look at the book again. This time he could read the words. The familiar descriptions of aviation procedures and policy were somewhat comforting, and that terrible longing diminished.
John made tea.  He knew very well that tea wasn’t going to fix anything, but they both needed its comfort.  It also gave him time to collect himself. Just like Sherlock had known that venting his rage around Phillip would be a very bad idea, he knew that blowing up at K around Sherlock would be counterproductive.  So as he waited for the water to boil he took deliberate deep breaths and counted slowly to himself.  It worked, somewhat, and he brought the two cups of tea and a sugar bowl into the next room.  He put all of them down on the table in front of the couch.  "I know you like to add sugar yourself," he said as he sat down next to Sherlock and was rewarded with a small smile.  It vanished just as quickly as it was there, but it was enough.
"And your occupation?"
"You broke his arm," Sherlock whispered.  "Why?"
It was not the most awkward meal Sherlock Holmes had ever eaten, but it was surely in the top five.  He didn't feel like eating in the slightest, but the man across from him glared at him when he picked at it, so he forced himself to swallow it down.  He even gulped - something that he had mocked Mycroft for doing before and who would certainly mock him back if he ever found this out.
"She asked if I wanted to sit in Her lap and I did, so I got up and sat down with Her.  She asked me what I liked to do best and I said coloring.  She said that the next time I came over She'd get me some nice crayons, the ones with almost a hundred colors.  I'd never had those before and I told Her thank you."
When he woke up the next day he wished the group met at nine and not noon just so he could be there more quickly. But thinking like that wouldn't make the time pass, so he got dressed and headed downstairs. To his surprise Sherlock was lying on the sofa, Hamish perched on his chest. "When does this group meet?" He spoke in a monotone.
"I was arguing with someone. My arm got twisted; I think it was going to be held to my back, but it snapped."
"No.  What She did was I'd go to the park and sit in the thing I used to hide under.  She'd tell me to close my eyes and we'd go for a ride in Her car for a while.  When I was allowed to open them again we'd be in Her flat."
"And how long would a set of butterflies last in February in England, pray tell?" the woman said in a weary tone.  It clicked then in Sherlock's head they were mother and son.
"He hasn't called me today," Sherlock told him.
. Moira is both a variation on Mary and the name of another missing child,
Sherlock has a very odd but understandable disconnect between his past situation and the children he is dealing with now - he knows they are not to blame for anything, but still thinks he is.
"Most excellent, thank you." He smiled broadly.
"Does every person who comes here have their person seeing Dr. Dodson?"
"The mobile.  I was already out of the flat by then and wanted to get there as soon as possible."
"That will help, no doubt about that.  It's the biggest reminder we have of how small he was at first."  Before she could say anything else, Lou came in through the doors and fell into step with them.  He had a large bag in one hand and a drink holder in the other.
Lestrade introduces Sherlock to a new victim.
It clicked.  "You're getting high."
At first Sherlock appeared not to hear him, but something got through; after another minute he slowly turned his head to face John.  "John?" he hoarsely replied.
John woke up the next morning to find Sherlock gone.  Hamish was still on the bed, so he wasn't anywhere in the flat.  He hoped that he hadn't gone out in search of drugs.  While John knew he couldn't stop him from doing so, and knew from experience that trying to force an addict to change would backfire horribly, he also hoped that their conversation would have tempered the urge.  For the first time he wondered if it had in fact worked the opposite way, and Sherlock was trying to blot it out by getting high again.  The thought sat in his stomach so uncomfortably that he couldn't eat breakfast and remained as he headed out to the trial again.
"Why?"
"Shower," he said to himself, to stop those thoughts from getting worse. Simply ignoring it never worked; it was either take a cold shower or... take care of it, which he couldn't make himself do without the barrier of cocaine.
Of course, it wasn't.  Fifteen minutes passed before Sherlock returned to the office as if no time had passed at all, and in that time all John and Lestrade managed to do was shift uncomfortably in their chairs and not look each other in the eye.  "Do you have a tape of what that boy said?  Or a transcript?" Sherlock sat down in the remaining chair.
"He took it." Sherlock pointed towards the large man.
"Just my - first officer." This John Watson might be the modern type who wouldn't flinch at two men in a relationship, but Martin was not willing to take that chance.
"His mother?"  It took John a second to realize what she meant.  "No, his mother just didn't really care about him.  It was her."  He hadn't meant to add the last part, but he was looking at the picture of K and it slipped out.
"I did, but I didn't know his name or where he lived."
"One, the father is innocent. He didn't do anything and he doesn't know who the perpetrator is. You saw how he gave her a hug and a kiss before he left the room. She was the one to initiate that; therefore she is comfortable with him and has an implicit trust that he won't cross her boundaries. He also didn't let the presence of two adults stop him. If he was truly the guilty party, he would fall into one of two stereotypical patterns. He would either avoid touching his children with the false perception that any physical affection from him would mark him as a perpetrator, or he would pile on unnecessary physical affection as if to show anyone who loved their children that much wouldn't abuse them. Also, he has restructured his day to be with his daughter as much as possible, irrationally thinking that if he is with her all the time the abuser will not be able to further harm her. If he knew who it was, or even had an idea of who it might be, he would have said something about a suspect because his fear is genuine. It's likely someone the father doesn't know or only knows slightly. Two, one of the reasons she is refusing to name who abused her is because the abuser has threatened her family if she tells anyone who it is. Young children don't ask for photos of their family the way an adult would if hospitalized. Parents are usually given more leniency in regard to visiting their children and a child wants something to do in hospital, not something of purely symbolic value. This threat is very real to her because her mother is dead and both of her parents were in care as children. While her father has not told her too many tales about his childhood, she has managed to get the general impression that he was emotionally neglected and is certain that would be her fate if she does speak. The perpetrator is aware of Mr. Aherne's past and is exploiting that. Three, the abuser does not live in the area, as the Yard correctly surmised, but has regular access to the area, probably work-related. Because of that, the parents of the victims know little about the perpetrator. Four, she either thinks her abuser will enter their flat at night or has already done so. She lets her dog sleep on the bed because he is her protection, and I am willing to guess that she's clung to her father recently and spent a lot of time following him, since the abuser knows better than to act when he's around his daughter. Her teddy bear is a gift from her mother, and she's taken to carrying him everywhere because in her mind he has magical properties to protect her." He paused to take a breath.
