Castiel rolled his eyes at Gabriel but didn’t comment. He touched the NovaWatch that was resting on his desk but decided against wearing it, settling on solely using Polaris instead. “I’m ready,” he announced.
of the Vonnegut’s books he’d been looking at were left in the shelves. He pinches the bridge of his nose against the headache that he feels was approaching before straightening from his slouch and moving towards the
“I’m tired of all this walkin’. Let’s go find the rides, Sammy,” he said with a wide grin as he brought his attention to the map from the brochure. Sam took advantage of his height to look over people’s heads then pointed to the booth.
Crowley translates this whole piece to: “You, celestial being, have been created to be an angel of the Lord.”
“If you don’t want to be in the Lady’s court, think you’d travel with me? I’m looking for another court after Winsol.”
He’d been silent from the Biggerson’s, and to the two thermal-gas stations they refilled the feedwater in.
“He gave me some funds and a place where I could learn Craft. Now I know it would have cost him. Where would a slave get money, you know?” Alfie shrugs as he finishes with the trough, fills it up, and heats it then switches to the feeding buckets.
Finding the hotel’s notepad, Castiel penned a quick letter to Dean. He left the note at the side table before stealing a brief touch. He brushed the short brown locks away from the sleeping man’s face, his fingers curling into themselves when Dean moved.
“I don’t need a fancy degree to tinker with machines,” Dean scoffed. Most of what Dean did was self-taught, as natural and instinctive as breathing. “I’m not gonna need to make those machines anyway because I left that behind. Why do you want me to learn stuff I ain’t gonna need?”
Dean steeled, preparing himself for the cronfrontation. The road tapered off slowly and circled into a roundabout, its center island filled with electric blue lines covering a giant, gaping hole that dropped off into an abyss. They circled the Cage, noting the blaze of light in intervals on the Cage's diameter. Dean parked the Impala on the side of the road as Ash jumped out and went around the Cage.
This is also the reason why I had absolutely the WORST time getting a pre-reader, because I don't know anybody in fandom? Heya!! you guys are my first ever fandom friends? Again thanks to the pre-readers that I did end up getting. You guys are the BESTEST.
It took a few minutes, but he heard the creak of the front door. His shoulders tensed. Why did someone follow him out here? He needed to be
By the time that Lucian decides that they’ve done enough shopping and should eat, they’ve spent more than a fortune and have the merchants send up the parcels to the eyrie.
Dean couldn’t believe how good-looking this man was. It should be against the law to be this attractive.
Dean does miss Castiel's sarcasm. They are alone in a house with no dividers; it's obvious when they're visibly
I cried so much in episode 300 guys, I'm happy I released the first chapter before that came out. Aww that was a lovely family reunion.
“So, this is it. Your bus stop,” Dean stated the obvious while looking anywhere but at Castiel. “I got you in just in time for your 8:50 ride.”
Now that they were returning, Dean realized that he was about to be stuck in a motel room with a sulky brother after an unresolved fight. Impulsively, he parked at a nearby coffee shop, Castiel walking behind him. Dean figured the Chevrolet would be safe where she was, doors locked. He would even be able to see her from the inside.
“Jack releases what he takes immediately,” Castiel explains when he follows Dean’s gaze. With his other hand, he closes his fingers around Jack’s. “He can amplify a spell you’re Casting as well with the power that he’s leached. I suspect it’s why he’s an Opal.”
Taking a deep breath Dean peeks around their shoes. Yes, the Darkness is still there. But there’s also darker webs and an insistent tug that draws Dean deeper. Walking with his dad for support, they navigate the abyss and descend slowly. Finally, Dean feels like the power is too full, and his ears would pop from the weight.
Castiel opens the inner barriers of his mind to Jack and shows him how to open the space that all Blood could access with Craft. The depths of Jack’s mind create a shallow pocket, showing hints of how deep the nestling’s power well will manifest.
Distantly, Castiel feels that Balthazar cast a Purple Dusk shield around the perimeter. It would prevent Jack from flying too far out but allowed him the illusion of freedom.
He gives a startled yell as he tries to grasp for anything that he can clutch at, and a deadly calm washes over. In those few desperate moments, trying to reach for something to break his fall, Dean has accepted that he might die here, in his foolish quest.
“Is Mikulmas even a word?” Dean had never heard of a Mikulmas, ever. Dean got a pointed return stare from Castiel, so he straightened and dropped back towards the couch beside the angel. “Mikulmas might explain the baking, but it doesn’t explain Black Beauty and Tornado over there.”
Dean relents, letting his fingers drop. “You don’t need to decide now, we have tomorrow. Just think about it.”
"Excuse me, I didn't mean to disturb," comes the familiar low voice of Cas from the entrance of the stable.
The deep gruff voice of Emmanuel shouldn’t have affected Dean as much as it did. They were strangers, but Dean was partial to Emmanuel’s chiseled face and scruff. Benny would skin Dean alive if he tried any shenanigans, but Benny also knew Dean flirted with everyone.
"Cas, meet my hunter buddy, Benny. We've been best buds since they released us from the schoolroom."
“Thank you, Captain, but I do not want to not wish to detain you from your duties. I just wanted to experience the departure.” It was a plausible explanation. Balthazar
And that statement opened up another can of worms. He should have told Cas to stay away from hunts while he was alive. He didn't want to think where angels were sent when they died. They certainly didn't go to Purgatory, since in his entire year there, no angels were littering the floors and trying to get revenge on Castiel for their deaths. "Are you telling me that Cas is just, what, going to stop existing?"
In less than a year, they’d sold two hundred units. Gabriel excitedly put Castiel to work for upgrades. He obliged with neural uplink technology, which took out the need for gestures to get the Polaris to respond.
The rock that had lodged itself in Dean’s chest since his dad’s pronouncement started to grow heavier. It was oppressing and massive and it wouldn’t allow Dean a gasp of air.  “Don’t change the subject. Did you know I was engaged to you?”
Sam relinquishes his hold on it as Dean fishes a Swiss knife from his pocket and opens the package with shining eyes. He rubs his hands together before retrieving four plastic guns, almost offensive in its bright orange and blue. The rest of the box is filled with bullets of blue foam-tipped with soft orange plastic.
Castiel expected them to drive further, but they stopped at a motel. All became clear when Dean showed them the next attraction.
Lucifer tapped his finger against his lip pondering the quandary before spreading his arms wide, in so doing, created a chaise for him to sit on while Michael had a utilitarian chair with a long table decked for food. “Carry on then, you know I’d hate to be the blight of a party.”
"Well, he is an angel," Kevin said, eyes still on the screen, back braced against the couch and the armrest. "We could always just pray."
“I’m Kevin Tran, Third Officer, with responsibility for safety.” Castiel hadn’t even noticed him come in. Kevin was dark-haired with narrow slanted eyes that looked too young to be wearing the formal white uniform designating his rank. He dropped booklets around the table, looking at the group expectantly.
Cas even showed him a cross-section of an apple with its core forming a five-pointed star. Dean had never seen an apple halved that way before, so it was his first time seeing the configuration. Once while Castiel was looking at the pies, Dean heard him mumble something along the lines of: “Prosperity for the family. Mystery of Michael. Protection of the Trinity.”
Dean closes his eyes, then shakes his head. He climbs off Castiel and lays down beside him. Dean took Castiel’s hand. “They should. You’re a person, Cas. No less than they are.”
Castiel was being driven to work when the call arrived. The five-hour time difference between Stava and Palo Alto meant that Dean had done so at an ungodly hour. He’d wanted an immediate answer, not knowing that Castiel wasn’t in California anymore. Castiel stared at the NovaWatch blankly. He wasn’t sure if he’d imagined the entire conversation.
, where he was Chinese-Filipino. I went with that in this series. And it’s true, one in every 5 seamen are Filipino.
Once the guitars and the synthesizer replaced the sounds of the crickets, Dean turned to Cas. "This song was supposed to be in the movie
Gabriel's words rang a chord in Castiel. The Winchesters had been brought back to life several times, but the core of the matter is: someone had brought them back. There had always been a deal, a third party involved when they were resurrected.
that they could order him to marry? Hadn’t he already given his enough of his life to the family? He’d wanted to travel and see the world, and his mother asked him to stay and help expand the business. He’d stayed because he was a dutiful son.
Dean smiled despite his split and bloodied lip, eyes trained on Metatron and Gadreel as well before he said casually, "Care to open the Gates now, Mister Caretaker?"
“Of course, Dean.” He became quieter and then blew out his cheeks before dropping his forehead on Dean’s shoulder. “Please don’t take your anger out on me again,” he mumbled.
There was a moment of stunned silence before Gabriel corrected, “‘Damn’ or ‘Fuck,’ Cassie. If you’re going to run away, at least have the proper fucking vocabulary to go with it.”
There’s a brief flash of teeth, predatory and satisfied after the hunt. Castiel leans forward and rubs one smooth cheek against Dean’s stubble.
"Okay, Dr. Badass, I just wanted a ballpark figure." Dean closed his eyes. He did not want to think of the math involved there. They were fucked, period. "So if a lot of these souls wanted more than this soap opera, I'd be spending more and more time driving and less and less time fishing?"
"It's crazy up here, man. I'm grasping at straws," Dean said, frustration showing in the furrow of his eyebrow and the hard press of his lips. "No one knows how Heaven works. I don't even know how to go up to the Throne in Aravoth."
Fairy Tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us dragons can be beaten.
“Tonight the Eve of Winsol, it is that of the holly that wins. The oak licks his wounds before they meet again on the longest day.” Hannah punctuates her stories by walking around, the fire exaggerating her shadows. “And so the oak retires for the next six months until it is his time once more to serve.”
After receiving their treats (Dean with more funnel cake, Manny with lemonade, and Sam with apple slices mixed in freshly ground honey roasted peanut butter), they wandered the buildings at a sedate pace. When Manny kept glancing at Dean’s food, Dean held the pastry out so he could take a piece. When Sam tried, he got his hand smacked away.
Jack tips his head in thought. “Not for two decades at least. He said he spent that time on a rotation with the coven. He told me he was very thankful when I came because he finally stopped roaming.”
The sun steadily climbed the horizon, bathing them in its warmth while the rest of the mast lights were being switched off.
The griffin lets out a small huff before it flaps its wings a few more times, finally able to clear some of the smoke. It produces a soft trill while Dean is still suffering on the floor. Impatient, the creature crouches, moving silently against the underbrush until it strikes its head behind a shrub. Once it straightens, it has a boy dangling by his upper shirt, hooked through its beak.
Dean was up in his elbows with weapons deciding which ones he should bring. He didn't think he'd be needing them this time around when he hadn't needed it the first two times, but Lucifer had a way of getting under your skin, and the familiar cold steel was a comfort.
Well, that made sense. Michael didn't seem the type to set Lucifer free, by mistake or by intent. That wasn't even taking into account if he
Castiel reaches for his feathers by folding the wrist of his wings. He could only frown at the ones that are farther from his grasp. Castiel is reasonably sure that Michaela is saving his wings for Lucian, which causes him to shudder. If Michaela is harsh, Lucian is ruthless, and her brand of cruelty sinks into his very bones.
They had spent the day glued to the bunker's sofa: watching TV in Gabriel's case and talking with Kevin in Castiel's. Kevin snorted as sounds of
Katja stalks over to Dean. She picks the knife she'd been using for the vegetables brandishing it in front of her. Benny, finally free from the bindings due to Dean's spell, jumps on her back. It causes her to lose her grip on the weapon.
Castiel trailed his finger over an Enochian Dictionary, missing the feel of paper. Movement on Bobby’s porch distracted him from investigating further, though.
“Right, you bossy moose,” Dean mutters as he cuts the dough the size of gerbils and then stretches them out between the tops of his fingers, rotating the pizza as he goes.
Michaela came to him nightly and played with him daily, partaking in pleasure but not allowing him release.
"Why don't you read your prayers, man?" Ash asked in confusion as he counted through the lot. There were enough letters to fill a shoebox. And if that didn't make Dean feel like a girl, he didn't know what did. "I get mine by e-mail, but I don't think I get
“Y’all can bring in yer clothes and have showers if ya’ want, but try not to use all my hot water. The thing don’t work right if it’s empty. Got two rooms upstairs for ya’. First doors, up the stairs. Take yer pick,” Bobby said while waving his fork in that direction before turning to Castiel. “Figure you can find a place to bed down.”
going to class? He could pick up anything mechanical and take it apart only to put it back together, working twice as well as before he’d tinkered with it. He’s
Dean’s eyes were drawn to the thousands of shipping containers. His ears picked up the phantom sound of the cranes whirring. Behind him, Sam was taking in the crates and the bustle of the port. That’ll wake him up from his dozing on the train.
Sam curled his hands into fists and took a deep breath. “Well, maybe you should have come on your own then.” Sam stalked towards the door, while Dean called out for him, but he was too enraged, so he slammed it shut and left.
The night was cloudless, and there was little to no steam to hamper the view. He wanted to pull out the astronomy book and match its pages with the evening sky.
“Do you know what my mother said when I was younger and whacked a table with a wooden sword? ‘No, child! Never hit the antiques. If you really want to practice your sword fighting on something
Castiel evaded one of Gadreel's lunges before turning to answer Dean's call, as he'd always tried to answer Dean in the past. Arm bleeding with grace through the gashes that Gadreel's blade had given him, Castiel took flight.
A vein pulsed across Dean’s temple in time with the rapid beating of his heart. “You don’t understand,” he said through gritted teeth. “He’s
Dean doesn't realize that he mouths the syllables along until he mutters, "ZAMRAN," and he promptly divests both himself and Castiel of their clothing. Dean steadies himself as a wave of fatigue hits him with the casting.
“How did you even find me?” Castiel demanded as Luke folded him into a steam car with a tinted divider between the back and front. Luke had a driver waiting for them who’d snapped to attention once they’d arrived.
Dean shakes his head and takes several to tuck under his plate before he reaches for a piece of Castiel’s creation and tastes it thoughtfully. “It ain’t half bad. I kinda expected the peanut butter and jelly to flop.”
Castiel was sure he would drop dead of exhaustion afterward. The only saving grace was the galley plying them with food and Castiel’s surreptitious glances at Dean.
"The stars have fallen." There were no angels in heaven. It sounded like the beginnings of a prophecy written in a stone tablet. And if it wasn't, then it damn well should be. "I guess you would be in a barren place without Heaven's soldiers."
“They don’t.” Jack pushes his bowl, and Castiel leans over to see. It’s milk littered with few pieces of nuts and spots of dark brown where chocolate has melted. “I chopped up a Snickers, Baby Ruth, and 3 Musketeers then put it in milk.”
The scent of freshly ground beans kick-started his day, and he headed back towards their cabin. He quietly entered the room and put the coffee on the end table beside the bunk.
"Holly." She smiled in remembrance, and although there was pain there, there was also an amazing capacity for strength. "I wasn't able to hold her in my arms. I—"
“Your father has it in his head that you’ll get purpose once you marry.” Dean scoffed while Mary patted the back of his fingers. “It doesn’t hurt that the merger will send a good number of contracts our way.”
Gabriel took a deep breath and closed his eyes, acknowledging the evasion but giving Castiel his space. “Balthazar has been calling and calling, and I took the first airship out that I could manage.” There was accusation in the tone, but before he could go on a tirade, Gabriel deposited a box before Castiel.
Going tree climbing was not exactly as easy as Gabriel made it sound. Not only did they need to find a tree that was similar enough to the Tree of Life, but they also needed to connect the earthbound to Heaven. It was something that required both an intricate hand for casting the spell and massive amounts of power to do.
After Kevin and Dean had successfully cast the angel out of Sam with the sigil Kevin had found for them, Castiel and Gadreel had faced each other a couple more times. Because Gadreel had known the Men of Letter's headquarters, it had forced Castiel—while he had been graceless—to reinforce the bunker against angels.
Dean’s dad collapses near the doorway, while Dean huddles behind the cabinet, motioning for Sam to stay silent when Sam starts a protest. Dean listens in on them because he knows they’d never tell a child like him whatever is happening.
It was elegantly done in black, with six glittering points in silver. Ursa Minor in all its glory against an empty sky. Underneath the lid, a vial nestled between cardboard foldouts. It contained two translucent lenses. The box included sterilizing fluid, a small cog-and-wheel lift to retrieve the lenses from the bottle easily, and manuals.
He turned towards the gruff sound, a vividly remembered voice, and gaped in horror. Castiel was kneeling in the middle of the hallway, the space he occupied drenched with the bright red of his blood. It was jarring in the fact that it was the only color that shone vividly.
He sat on the bench alone; Kevin was respectfully waiting inside the car. Castiel watched mothers dust their children off, brushing away the soil they'd picked up after a day of playing, and packing their things for home. He watched silently, composing his thoughts, before bowing his head.
It reminded Castiel when he ran into Dean and Sam at the forecastle of NISC Twelve and later with Dean alone at the sunrise. There was a twinge of guilt when he hadn’t disclosed his real name to them. The brothers invited him to their car and their company, but he just couldn’t risk Michael finding him prematurely. He didn’t even want to examine the emotion he felt when Dean had openly flirted with the receptionist at the motel.
When he arrived, Dean stopped in the doorway, took a couple slow breaths, and wiped away the beads of sweat forming at his brow. Being fat in August sucked, and the garage didn’t have the best AC. He was always sweaty, and moving didn’t exactly help. “Anyone wanna split some pizzas?”
As if he’d read Cas’s mind, Dean said, “We’ll just have to get this tight too, right?” with a wink, and Cas couldn’t agree more.
A month or so after the button-popping incident, Dean called Cas into his (their) room before they left to go on a hunt. It was their first complex hunt in a while, one that would require FBI badges, fake 'official' phone calls, the whole nine yards; the past few months had mostly been straightforward salt-and-burns. And when Cas opened the door and saw Dean, he realized his mistake.
The chair creaked as Dean leaned back, the old, cheap furniture not used to bearing such a heavy load. Dean was red in the face, sweaty, and panting shallow breaths. Cas would almost say he looked like he'd been to the gym, except for the fact that he'd never known Dean to go to the gym in all the years they'd known each other.
“Lower,” Dean said around a mouthful. “Left. Mm, yeah.” Another sandwich down the hatch, and he sighed, eyes closed. “Pass me the apple?”
“Yeah, they were-” Head spinning, Dean turned around and faced Castiel, and their eyes locked. “Wait.
Rolling his eyes, Cas did the same to the brownie, plopping it down on Dean's shelf of a stomach. "Any day now," Cas said when Dean didn't make a move for the food.
In any case, Dean had come to terms with his muffin top long ago. He didn’t have a problem sporting a little extra padding, and he got to eat whatever he wanted whenever he wanted, so it was a fair trade, really.
Basically, it was exactly the opposite of what Dean had expected. His big, flabby gut and double chin and chubby face and graying hair raked in more dough than he’d ever gotten before at a bartending gig. All because, for some goddamn reason, an unreasonably large amount of young gay men had the hots for his fat ass.
"You gonna eye the merchandise all day, or are you gonna eat those?" Dean asked with a smirk. "Cause if you're not-"
“They fit me just fine,” Dean said, just to be contrary, and his jeans button took the opportunity to pop off and hit Sam in the leg. Dean felt his cheeks heat up as Sam laughed, but at least his stomach felt better. “Fuck off, Samantha.”
Sam, more compliant now that Dean was actually done with his meal, rubbed a bit of his belly halfheartedly. "Buddah's got nothing on you," he joked weakly. "Jesus, Dean, you really made a pig out of yourself."
“So full,” he whispered as he gently rubbed, and Dean whimpered quietly. “No wonder you’ve got this big old belly, eating like this.”
Mother's voice whispered). "Look at me. I'm not exactly svelte, but is there anything particularly satanic about me?" He slapped his stomach for emphasis, and Cas gulped.
"What would you two gentlemen like to eat this evening?" the waiter asked. He said gentlemen, but he was only looking at Dean. Well, Dean's lips, but Dean understood. He had a great set of lips.
Cas only wore his uniform pants anymore, as they were the only ones Dean had modified, and all the pants he'd brought with him refused to button over or under his belly. And a belly it was; Cas's love of sweets showed in his soft love handles, curvy hips, and ever-expanding gut. He could feel his torso jiggle with every move he made, his flabby belly straining desperately at his shirt buttons and hanging over his mutilated belt, patches of pale skin visible between the buttons after a large meal. His belly had continued to grow in soft and supple, and Cas often found himself squeezing a roll on his stomach or side, amazed (and embarrassed) at how big he'd gotten in just ten weeks. And terrified of how his family would react when he went home for Thanksgiving break. But he'd cross that bridge when he got to it.
Dean complied, grunting when his belly got in the way. There wasn't much room sitting sideways on the seat like this, and as a result Dean's gut sat high in his lap, his legs not having enough room to spread and give his stomach more space.
been at the restaurant for over two hours. The only reason he wasn't bored was because he had been constantly eating.
I’ve gotten requests for more fat!Dean in the past, and there was also an anon from... almost a year ago now (whoops) who gave the prompt which inspired this particular fic:
Near the end of his fourth lap, Cas just couldn't take it anymore and slowed to a walk. He clutched at his belly and panted like a dog, his overtaxed body groaning in pain, the stitches in his sides almost unbearable.
Some time later, Dean was roused by a large hand on his stomach, and he hummed when it started to rub in wide circles.
Castiel got through them much more easily, his belly actually helping him, as it kept him from sitting up too far and sped up the process. It was still tiring, though, and Cas lay prone on the ground afterwards, looking up at the ceiling and wheezing. Suddenly, his view was blocked by a scowling Coach Walker.
Dean finished off the rest of his feast and eyed the deep-fried oreo stand. “Round two?” he asked, sounding hopeful. He sucked at his depleted smoothie and turned sad eyes to Cas, one hand resting on his belly. “We’re still hungry, alpha.”
Thought I'd add an index to make this fic easier to navigate, especially when it starts to get bigger.
Now to get comfortable. After weighing the pros and cons of struggling to unclasp his bra himself, Dean shrugged and stepped into the hot tub still partially clothed. If the water stretched stuff out it was really just doing him a favor.
knew! I mean, you weren't very discreet. You left the tags on," Dean said, frown slowly morphing into a grin. "You mean you thought you were being sneaky?"
Sam burst between them and into the house, yelling something about them taking too long, and Dean chuckled and pushed Cas inside ahead of him. He was immediately pulled into Mrs. Winchester's plush frame for a hug, and although Castiel had never met the woman in his life, he hugged back. It just felt right. And if he secretly compared their hips during the hug - hers were just a little wider than his own - nobody needed to know that. Mr. Winchester gave him a firm handshake next, and Cas felt a twinge of jealously as he tried not to eye the man's large, round belly. Somewhere along the line, Cas's love for junk food had turned into a love-hate relationship with his own growing body, and Castiel always felt a weird rush of satisfaction whenever he was the largest person in the room.
It was, however, an amazing way to progress his relationship with the cute southern cashier. Due to his increased presence, he slowly learned that the man's name was Benny, that he was from Louisiana... and that he was also the baker.
It was the first day of baseball tryouts, and while Cas didn’t strictly need to be there - he was already a senior captain, he didn’t exactly need to secure a spot on the team - he and his co-captain, Michael, had come to show their support. They were helping the coach set up drills before the other boys arrived, and as such, Castiel was just walking back from the outfield when he slipped on a stray bat and ate dirt.
It was probably their dietary differences, Cas reasoned. While Dean leaned towards hearty food and the occasional slice of pie, Cas' day was filled with sugar, fat, sugar, and more sugar. Castiel probably consumed between half and an entire cake over the course of his average day, plus whole milk to wash it down, plus whatever else the cafeteria was offering. Plus the M&Ms he'd taken to keeping in their room. Ever since Dean had introduced him to the world of sweets, Cas couldn't get enough.
Dean ended up making way too much, as he'd just used the first recipe he found without looking at how many it made, and he definitely had enough meat for five sandwiches. Shit. But Dean Winchester wasn't a quitter, and he didn't feel like packing away the leftovers, so he shoveled down five sloppy joes while leaning over the kitchen counter, sauce dripping down his wrist. He was full to bursting and panting like a dog by the end, but he finished it all.
"You've been replacing the rest of my shit," Dean said. "I'd assumed you'd replaced my suits, too. Goddammit, now we'll be late because I need to go to fuckin'
"Shit," Dean muttered, sitting down on the bed heavily, his belly pooched out onto his lap. When he spoke next, his voice carried a hint of a whine. "Cas, I don't
I really did go overboard on this prompt - this final part is the longest one yet! Hope you liked it! There's not enough chubby!Cas in the world :)
“Hello, darling,” Cain said, and Dean opened sleepy eyes and yawned. “You were quite the distraction at work today.”
His breath came in harsh pants and he could practically feel Cas’s eyes glued to him, and he subconsciously tried to regulate his breathing. Stupid crush. It was almost soothing to Dean that it was one-sided, made it a little less unbearable when another stupendous belch escaped his mouth without permission. God,
"Work truck. Seat goes back farther than Baby's," he grunted as he patted he car's dashboard affectionately. "Haven't driven her in a month or so."
#2: Fair warning, it gets pretty smutty towards the end, which is kinda rare for me lately. Hopefully y’all don’t mind ;)
Cain smiled indulgently, already reaching for the next one even though Dean was still chewing the first. “Of course. I brought out about three dozen, although there are another couple dozen in the fridge for later. If you want them, that is.”
Dean used both his hands to rub his stuffed gut down. He could feel the hard ball of his stomach underneath the many layers of his fat, and he smiled a little, because even when he was full to bursting, his stomach wasn't completely hard. It was too big and soft and had too many rolls for that to ever happen.
"Lay back," Cas commanded, and Dean did so without a second thought. He scooted back against the cool leather seat and laid down, palming at his dick and pushing his belly out of the way with his other hand. But his hands fell when Cas leaned down and put both of his hands on Dean's big gut, squeezing his fingers around the fat, and they both moaned.
I’ve had this in my drafts for a while. It’s not based on a prompt, but who doesn’t love chubby!Dean in a baseball jersey?? And I’m sorry, I just couldn’t resist the title pun.
Dean pressed himself along Cas's back and Cas felt his panties get a little tighter at the sight, because his body dwarfed Dean's, his fat frame completely obscuring Dean's in their reflection. Dean reached around and trailed his fingers across Cas's swollen belly. Cas shivered.
Cas engulfed the poor chair he was sitting in, and each shift of his weight made it creak and groan loudly. His wide hips hung over the edges and his fat belly spilled into (and past) his lap, and Cas often used the top of his gut as an armrest, table, or shelf. The food carton was resting on it now but Cas found that his arm was nonetheless tiring from the repetitive motion of hand to mouth.
A moment of silence followed, broken only by the sound of silverware on cheap ceramic. When he finally got the point, Dean's eyes widened. He dropped his hands to his belly and held it gingerly, groaning as if he was just now realizing how much he'd eaten. "Oh, fuck."
Dean stood by the bed in a pair of what seemed to be painfully-tight boxer briefs and a pair of cheap black slacks stuck around mid-thigh. He was scrunching his face up as he yanked at the pants harshly, belly (and pecs, and arms, and sides) jiggling at the quick motions of his hands. The pants remained stubbornly around his thick thighs, refusing to be pulled up an inch, and Cas sucked in a quick breath at the display. Dean looked up at the noise and scowled at Cas.
The night of Dean's birthday, Cas stood nervously in front of their mirror as he waited for Dean to come back from the gym. He'd been so confident when buying these, but studying himself in the mirror, he felt a little unsure.
“An exception to the rule,” Cain said, and Dean laughed and tilted his head back as he chugged the sparkling wine in one go. It bubbled and popped on its way down, and Dean made a face, shifted his weight a bit, pressed a palm to the side of his gut, and let out a resounding belch.
When the Righteous Man chooses reincarnation over an eternity in Heaven, Castiel is lost. He begins searching for the soul he knew in an Earth that has been vastly changed by the times.
Being Dean’s nursemaid in the sick room is easy. While the Healers puzzle over Dean’s condition, Castiel mops Dean’s sweat and cleans his body, Hannah passes by to cheer him up.
to do it, but what was Castiel supposed to do with that knowledge? Tell Dean that Castiel was the fianceé he’d left?
is, whatever mistakes I make, it is not because of a misguided sense of loss I have of the Righteous Man, but because I am not infallible and I make mistakes
Charis stepped out of the small circle after him, took a lungful of air in the third heaven, and smiled. She looked around in fascination at her surroundings, giving Dean the idea that she'd never been dropped in the mortal's afterlife before. That was kind of sad because though the angels had a lot of wonders in their respective heavens, there was certainly something different about mortals' memories.
But Dean couldn’t pay attention to the words when Castiel’s lips were so close, and his breath caressed Dean’s cheek on every exhale.
She hummed noncommittally, looking at Dean and finding that maybe she wasn't alone in this after all. "How did you die?"
The cloak was made of a deep red velvet to ward off the cold, with golden embroidery on its inner lining. Whoever made it heaped all the runes of protection that could be afforded a piece of cloth on it. Dean supposed grandpa Henry could have used it when he had been out adventuring during his time in the Men of Letters.
Charlie gave him a tour of the engine room, including another opportunity to admire Dean at work. Castiel didn’t bother to disturb him.
Ghosts still existed inside the towers because despite the salt circles, ghosts are attached to places where they died or organic material that family members have kept. These are difficult to contain even with the knowledge of the supernatural, and people have died inside the towers, making it easy for ghosts to inhabit.
, but what could he offer? That he worked at the Bevell’s factory for a few dollars and at the Roadhouse at night for room and food? That he saved up all he could for Sam’s tuition, and he feared that it still wouldn’t be enough? That with Mary’s money and even Cas’ contribution, he didn’t know if they’d survive the year?
"When my Father made Heaven, He built it as one sphere. Aravoth, named the highest, was just where He placed His Throne." Castiel threw a rock at the middle of the lake. Dean gave him a glare, and Castiel belatedly realized he'd probably scared the fish away. "When Lucifer Fell, He had to break Heaven apart, so that He could contain the Morning Star in his Cage. To be strong, the Cage must be
Sam dragged his feet across the rickety boards, being a bit petulant about the entire move, but Dean helped him to get settled. Tomorrow was Christmas morning, but Sammy wasn’t used to celebrating the season and Dean himself barely remembered Christmas cookies and baked apple pies.
Michael was up on a grandiose stage. “Good Evening, everyone! Thank you for coming. I hope you’re all enjoying yourselves.”
It had taken Castiel the better part of the entire day, getting the interview with the COC and talking to the various medical personnel, but one thing was irrefutable: there was indeed a high perinatal mortality rate in the wards. It was an unprecedented mortality rate, higher than even the times when there had been no antibiotics, no hospitals, and midwives had no concept washing hands before delivery.
“Shit,” Dean gasped, his eyes sliding closed. He pawed at the back of Cain’s head until he got the message and trailed his lips lower down Dean’s body, only stopping when he was tonguing at Dean’s tits through the wet, sheer fabric of his bra. Cain lightly bit down and a high-pitched whine escaped his mouth, but he was too far gone to care.
He hadn’t allowed himself to eat what he wanted since he was twenty, and now that the floodgates were open, it was pretty hard to force them shut again. Dean had rediscovered a love of pie and burgers, a love of being full, a love of feeling warm and lazy and content after a big meal. What he had not discovered was a love of the resultant weight added to his body.
Cas handed over the pizza without prompting. “This is ridiculously filling,” he said. “I feel like I’ve eaten four slices instead of two. Maybe you can help me out, it’ll take me forever to get through the leftovers. I don’t think I have any room left in my fridge.”
With one piece of pie left, Dean moaned like a porn star as his left hand trailed down to massage his mountainous belly. It had progressed across the table during the course of his feast and was now encroaching into Sam's space. Sam, disgruntled, tried to ignore it as he played some game on his phone. Dean wasn't mad at Sam for ignoring him, as they
"Just give 'em here, sweetheart. I'll double fist 'em," Dean said with a laugh. The waiter flushed again - and again, how goddamn
Dean kissed back without hesitation. Cas snuck his hands around Dean’s waist, and when Dean grabbed Cas’s butt, the coach blew his whistle and yelled something about keeping it PG. They broke apart and ignored their teammates’ mutterings of ‘finally’ and ‘about time,’ giggling together as they strolled off the field, arms tucked around each other, triumphant.
Dean shifted from foot to foot, rubbing his gut absentmindedly, unsure of how to solve this problem. The table was bolted down, so there was no moving it. There wasn't a lot of space between the booth and the table, so there was no way he could squeeze in there. And he wasn't gonna chicken out and ask to be seated at a table with chairs, either. He was a Winchester, and Winchesters didn't back down.
"Mine's Dean," he said, even though he'd never given a customer his name in the month he'd worked at Purgatory. "So, Cas. You don't drink a blowjob shot using your hands."
"I-I could let those out, uh, if you want," Dean stammered, avoiding eye contact. "Done it a lot for me and my family."
Eventually the hunt for a new uniform began in earnest, because there weren’t exactly a lot of Dean’s size lying around.
Dean sat there wallowing in self pity for a few minutes longer, rolling the red gatorade he’d bought between his hands until it no longer felt cold. Then he twisted the cap off and chugged it just to have something to do besides think, and he noted that yeah, red was still the best, but the drink reminded him that he was hungrier than he’d been in a while. Including the past week, during which he’d been starving himself. Okay, he’d supposedly been
He led Cas to the mirror with a dazed expression on his face, and Cas couldn't help but feel a rush of satisfaction.
Dean and Cas fell into a routine over the course of the next couple weeks. They'd wake up, get breakfast with Dean's brother, go to class, get lunch with Charlie and Dean's other friends, finish their classes, and then go to their various after school activities. Cas had joined the book club, much to Sam's - Dean's brother's - delight, while Dean was captain of the robotics team. But while classes were educational and book club fun, Cas's favorite part of his routine was getting dinner. With Dean.
Everyone on the team was still beyond ecstatic, Cas included, so it wasn’t entirely his fault when he ran up to the pitcher’s mound and planted a big kiss right on Dean’s lips.
Sam crunched on his salad, trying not to look at Dean as they talked about various subjects, apparently embarrassed by his public gluttony. Dean didn't hold it against him, though; he knew Sam loved him, and so what if he thought Dean was being a pig? He was right, after all, Dean thought as he tore into a steak.
In what seemed like no time at all, Dean had plowed though five more ice cream bars. He carefully arranged the empty box and wrappers on the counter for a picture, but no, that wasn’t good enough. He needed more to send.
As much as he wanted to, Dean at least had enough social graces to not jerk off in a restaurant. He reluctantly left his straining cock alone as he returned his attentions to his belly. It needed some soothing, and he knew just the thing.
“Take your time,” Cain said, putting the strawberry back on its plate. “Let me help you feel better.”
When Dean deposited Cas on his bed, Cas refused to let go of him. "Wanna snuggle," he slurred, nuzzling against Dean's stomach where it pushed over his waistband. His eyes caught sight of the half-finished bag of candy still in Dean's grasp, and he added, "Wanna
The creature makes a slight huff followed by a chirp; then it butts its head against Dean's uninjured shoulder which earns Dean's smile.
Dean forgot about the tape, because of the apocalypse. Lucifer fell back into the cage, taking Sam along with him. Castiel left for Heaven, and Dean stopped recording songs.
Unfortunately, after their encounter in the forest, their 'wolf' has gone to ground. And they have not spotted her since. As Dean's days dwindle into weeks with no sign of their adversary, the hunter gets upset at the smallest things. The only thing that can calm him is his time with his horse.
"Cas, you're not a soul here, and you're not an angel either," Gabriel warned. "Heaven will treat you different from what you're used to. She might treat you as other. You will not be able to create as freely as other souls who truly belong in Shehaqim, you will travel as mortals travel. You might be constrained by Heaven's boundaries."
Balthazar’s wings flutter in time with his fingers, waving Castiel’s concerns away. “What’s life without a little bit of risk?”
Castiel was already sitting down on one of the couches by the time Dean had closed the lake house door forcefully. Dean stalked to Cas folded his arms in front of him and narrowed his eyes. “Okay, I was patient the entire day today with you being sketchy and shifty with destroying my kitchen—“
Cas's gut surged out in front of him, hanging over his belt and bouncing with every movement he made. It had started to sag, the doughy fat easily succumbing to gravity, and Cas had to tuck his shirt in if he didn't want his lower belly roll to peek out of the bottom. His gut was really more like three rolls stacked atop each other, the biggest and softest on the bottom, filling out and straining at all his shirts and almost liquid-like in its shaking softness. Then came the next roll, his upper belly, the difference marked by a deep crease a few inches above his belly button, and then the small roll atop which his newly-formed breasts sat. Everything was covered in deep, angry stretch marks. It was a marked difference from Dean, whose solid, smooth gut perched primly over his waistband. Cas loved Dean and Dean's body, but he still had mixed feelings about his own.
"I know," Dean said smugly, producing a half gallon of whole milk from behind his back. Castiel took it with greedy hands and chugged a third of it, belching loudly. "What can I say? I like to keep my boy happy."
I have one more fic I’ve almost finished and one I just started, but I love new ideas!! Leave me a couple in the comments if you want!
"I'm straight," Dean said without thinking. That was his usual reply to the more polite kids, his way of letting them down easy, even though Dean's bisexual ass was about as straight as a corkscrew.
Even when he was this full, Cas’s belly was pliant and liquid-like, wobbling atop his lap with every little movement. Dean’s eyes locked onto Cas’s naked gut automatically and he licked his lips, shifted forward in his chair until he was close enough to touch. Cas couldn’t help but notice how Dean needed to spread his legs, let his plump belly slot between them, to do so.
After giving them Cas’ order as well, Dean hung up and lumbered towards the couch, readying himself for the unbearable wait. His unofficial spot was the battered love seat, the cushions sunken in from years of supporting his hefty weight, and Dean sighed wearily when he sat down, took the strain off his back and knees. He spread his thighs and his gut filled the space. These days, keeping his belly high up in his lap left Dean with cramps and overtaxed lungs, so Dean tended to sprawl across his seat to make himself more comfortable. It wasn’t like anyone had a chance of squeezing on the couch with him anyway, so Dean didn’t feel bad about taking up more space than strictly necessary.
This was the question buzzing in Cas‘s mind one weekend as he studied his own shirtless form in the mirror. He wasn't fat yet, not really, but he certainly couldn't be called skinny anymore. His torso was lined with a layer of soft, doughy fat, and even though it couldn't be more than twenty-five or thirty pounds, Cas's small belly and curvy sides jiggled much more than he would have expected. Dean's belly was bigger than Cas's own, but he didn't jiggle nearly as much. Not that Cas paid a lot of attention to Dean's belly or anything.
He finally dragged himself out of bed a little before ten thirty and marched out into the kitchen with his pajama bottoms slung under his middle and the matching shirt unbuttoned. Dean scarfed down two energy bars, ignored his growling stomach, and went through the rest of his morning routine (minus the shower, he’d have to do that after he worked out anyway) with a heavy lump of anxiety sitting in his chest. Just before eleven, he stood with his hands on his hips in front of his closet, trying to remember where his gym shorts were. Assuming he hadn’t thrown them out. God, when was the last time he’d worn gym shorts?
“Kind of.” Sam sat up straight, and while a part of Dean missed the kisses, a bigger part of him was glad that Sam’s attention had been diverted. It had become a little too much. Though he still kept his hands on Dean’s stomach, and that was okay. “I like bellies. They make great pillows, not to mention that they’re super sexy.”
Tugging Dean's sweat-soaked tank top over his head when the locker room door closed behind him, Cas blocked out the quiet snickers when his pale, flabby belly spilled out in front of him. His eyes were suspiciously wet as he hurried into an empty shower stall, his parents' voices spinning around his head for the first time in a long time.
with the added weight. Not that Dean wasn't beautiful without it, but something about the new softness and curviness to his features hit Cas in just the right spot.
By the time break rolled around, Castiel genuinely could not button his uniform shirts any more. No matter how hard he tugged and sucked in, the sides refused to close, and he arrived at Dean's house in one of Dean's stretched-out workout shirts that refused to stay down over his belly. Turned out he hadn't needed to worry about Christmas at all, as his parents were doing some pilgrimage in Jerusalem all break. While Cas was slightly saddened - he hadn't seen his family since they'd dropped him off at school, after all - it was overshadowed by a huge wave of relief. He knew he'd have to face Mother and Father some time, but he was happy putting it off for as long as possible.
Eh, it happened. Not like he couldn’t lose the weight, Dean told himself. And he could pick up some new jeans after the hunt. When Dean shrugged on a flannel and had trouble buttoning it, he added shirts to his mental list.
bad. Very bad. It was over twice what he’d estimated. God, Dean needed to do something about this before he ended up a five hundred pound fatass. But he couldn’t go back on a diet, not after such a wonderful taste of freedom... though he could probably stand to get a gym membership. And maybe he could start eating a normal amount of food. In the meantime, however, he needed a temporary fix to the problem, because Dean couldn’t exactly wear his puffy jacket everywhere.
Sam swore he heard a faint popping noise as Dean was yanked from the driver's seat, his belly jiggling like it was made of jello. There were red marks in the shape of a steering wheel on Dean's gut. Sam pulled Dean's shirt down as quickly as he could, but it was very tight and still didn't cover his brother's entire stomach. A bit of his underbelly popped out below the shirt and it actually looked like Dean wasn't wearing a shirt at
"Oh, dude, you didn't even have to ask," Dean said, mouth already watering. He took the plate and placed it on his belly, the way he'd been eating for a while now, as the table was much too far away. Dean took a bite of the dark, crumble-topped pie, not even bothering to ask what it was, 'cause he knew anything Benny baked would be delicious.
Dean’s eyes lit up and he quickly moved his chair around to Cas’s side of the table. “Of course,” he said, already reaching for the carton.
Though it took him a while - twenty-seven minutes, but it wasn't like Cas was counting - Dean managed almost all of the food on his own. Well, Cas kept up the belly rubs on and off, so not
Taking a huge chance, Dean grabbed Sam by the wrist and placed his hand on the side of his stomach. Sam’s ran his thumb across a stretch mark without hesitation.
While he was glad they had a promising pitcher, Cas was mostly excited because he’d be able to see Dean for the rest of the season. And, since Cas was the second baseman, he’d also get to see Dean from the
“Boring,” Dean said as he slid into a chair, masterfully hiding a wince. He forced memories of the cheesecake incident down. “Your parents here yet?”
“Baby wants funnel cake,” Dean agreed, and while Castiel knew it wasn’t good for him, he couldn’t say no to his beautiful mate. He’d grab something healthier to balance it out.
And that's how the night ended, with Dean on his hands and knees on Benny's bed, his belly hanging low as Benny plowed into him from behind. A perfect ending to a perfect date, as far as Dean was concerned, and when they set up another date while laying in Benny's bed, he knew his baker felt the same.
“Sideways, baby,” Dean murmured, and Cas huffed out a breath. He knew the drill by now; he hadn’t been able to fit through single doors straight on for about a year now. Cas turned to the side and slowly shimmied to the right, one hand on the door frame, one in Dean’s, and he had to suck in a bit to get the fattest part of his belly through the small space. Dean looped an arm back around him once he was through, and Cas was relieved to see that the scale was only a few paces to their left. He needed a rest. Hauling himself around was extremely difficult, and the fifteen or so steps he’d taken so far were pushing it; usually, he’d have taken a break already.
When he'd gotten the job, Dean had been completely befuddled. They'd hired an older guy to work at a club for college kids, which, okay, but a fat older guy? One who had to squeeze his flabby ass into leather pants and a too-small vest every night? And who would probably A, pull in shit tips and B, look completely ridiculous while doing so? Dean knew he wasn't exactly ugly, but still.
"Sorry," Cas muttered, hands busy desperately trying to keep his shirt from bunching up over the lower curve of his stomach and exposing his predicament to the world. "My pants broke."
Though he really just wanted to know, Cas sighed in resignation. “Five eighty?” he guessed. It had to be a big number to get a reaction like that out of Dean, and maybe it was a bit of an overestimation, but maybe not.
That night, as Cas made new holes in his belt with Dean's pocket knife, he decided that he could deal with a bit of a belly if it meant he could eat the food he loved, even if he didn't like it that much. But Dean seemed to like it a lot, so maybe it would grow on him.
Dean sighed as another twenty-something wearing too much glitter ordered a blowjob shot, winking at Dean like he was the only one who'd thought of the joke. He was the first one of the night, at least, so kudos to him, but he certainly wouldn't be the last.
Mind reeling at the realization that Dean was probably correct, that he'd probably caught up to Dean's weight - something which had taken
"Because you're usually all about working out," Sam said with a smirk, and goddammit, Dean didn't need to take this shit, even if he could usually brush off Sam's teasing easily. He grabbed his crutch angrily, pushed himself off the couch, and hobbled as quickly as he could away from Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Asshole.
“It was a little more gradual than that,” Dean protested weakly. He barricaded himself back in his office for the rest of the day, worried that people would start to suspect that his body shape was less than natural, even though he knew that it was probably only Becky. Girl was a freakin’ stalker. He got another intern to bring him a BLT and fries for lunch, devoured the food in minutes, and spent the rest of the workday feeling hungry even though he knew that he’d had a fairly reasonable lunch.
Dean lay on the couch and stared at the ceiling. He tried counting the lines in the wood. He started drumming ‘Africa’ on his belly. He sighed melodramatically and threw an arm over his face, blindly groped for the bowl of truffles he knew was on the coffee table.
himself, but Dean was feeling down and he really wanted Chinese take out, so fuck it, he was gonna treat himself.
Dean stuck his bottom lip out, resigned to his fate. He'd started his third plate a minute ago and was not looking forward to getting them refilled, as his big, lard-filled gut was actually beginning to seal him into the booth. Getting out would be a bitch.
In the middle of his pile of potato wedges, Dean finally caved and unbuckled his pants once again. His snap fly burst apart and he unzipped for good measure, and Cas was transfixed as Dean’s gut surged further across his lap, a wide strip of pudge visible that wasn’t covered by shirt or pants. Mary didn’t bat an eye, and Sam just snorted and called him ‘fatso,’ so apparently this was a fairly common occurrence in the Winchester household.
“No, I mean it.” Dean wiped the sweat from his brow, waddled another step forward. “I have a strict no dick policy, starting now. You’d fuckin’ agree with me if you knew what it was like to be pregnant in goddamn June. In goddamn
But until the problem was solved, Dean couldn’t exactly go without pants. There was a case nearby, and while Dean probably could have gotten away with lazing around in his robe otherwise, he’d already told Sam that he and Cas would take care of it. And these were his only clean pair of jeans.
Dean laughed. “Of course,” he said. “It’s not every day that you hit seven hundred and thirty-two pounds, baby. We can do whatever you want.”
Cas chuckled. Dean did like to show him off on the rare occasion they went out, and he always kept a possessive hand at the small of his back while they walked (more like waddled, in Cas’s case) together, like someone might snatch him away if Dean wasn’t careful, as if a lot of people were trying to land an obese ex-angel. And the only place they really went on dates was the local buffet, because they had special seats for people of Cas’s size, and Castiel sincerely doubted that anyone went there to pick up men. And Dean was the only one for him anyway.
"Thanks, babe," Dean said, a hint of a blush on his cheeks. He pulled Cas down for a longer kiss, both of them humming contentedly. "You're amazing," he said after they broke apart, words muffled into the side of Cas's neck.
Anything to get some of Cain’s layers off. Dean nodded eagerly and stood, remembering how full he was when his middle fell into place over his waistband. “Fuck,” he hissed, and he clutched his belly. Cain used to carry him when he was like this, and while he was way too heavy for that now, Dean still turned pleading eyes to the other man. He could make the journey himself but that didn’t mean he wanted to.
Thankfully, Dean’s abundance of striped and patterned shirts helped hide the full extent of his weight gain from the general public, though the same could not be said about his pants. During the week he’d started having to button his slacks beneath his rounded tummy, let it push over his waistband, and he hated the way it made his stomach bulge out, how it made him look bigger than he really was. Dean had started to self-consciously tug at his shirts when he sat, tried to avoid looking down and showing off his double chin. He sucked his stomach in during presentations, slouched when sitting to hide his protruding middle, and was miserable by the time his end of the week get together with Sam rolled around. It was kind of difficult not to feel insecure, no matter what Sam said.
Dean Winchester was also quickly approaching middle age. Didn’t mean he was any less of a badass, but it did mean that his head was becoming a nesting ground for grey hairs and that his metabolism had fucked off to who-knew-where. Pudge had been popping up here and there over the past few years, and he might have possibly gone up a pants size recently, but it really wasn’t a big deal. Everyone softened up a bit when they hit thirty-five, and Dean was five years past that expiration date. It was just a thing that happened to people as they got older.
Before Cas could decide if he wanted to voice his concerns, Walker blew his whistle and everyone took off, leaving Cas to trudge slowly after them. His stomach bounced vigorously, and his back was sore, and he'd had too much to eat at lunch, and running a mile was the last thing he wanted to do right now.
A week passed, and then another. Hiding his belly was one thing, but by the time Dean was two months into his new diet-less life, he found that his little double chin didn’t just appear when he looked down anymore. Dean stopped shaving in the hopes that a beard would cover the way his chin had settled into a pocket of fat. In the meantime, he scrambled from the elevator to his office as quickly as possible in the mornings, ate lunch by himself, and thanked who or whatever was watching out for him that he didn’t have a meeting until the next Friday.
When Dean was almost done with his third plate, the cute waiter approached with what looked like someone else's order.
He lived up to his words by giving Cas a long belly rub after his feast, Castiel whimpering every so often, his gut pooled onto his lap. Dean had brought a huge amount of food, expecting leftovers, but Cas had eaten it all. He didn't regret it, even if his stomach was very angry with him. And when Dean sucked him off later, Cas held his still-bloated belly in both hands because he needed to keep it from smothering Dean.
The ice cream slid easily down his throat and joined the Chinese in his stomach. His bare belly - Cas generally didn’t wear shirts when it was just him and Dean in the house - crept slowly across his thighs as he ate, and by the time the container was empty, he was bloated beyond belief and stuffed to the gills. Cas could barely take short little breaths as he sat there, flexing his fingers, feeling decadent.
Finally the rush of champagne slowed to a trickle, and Dean held the bottle upside down over his open mouth to make sure he got every last drop. He set the bottle down with a triumphant clack, huffing and puffing, struggling to catch his breath.
And Dean still had no idea. One day, when Cas overheard Dean complaining to Sam (who also had noticed Dean's increasing weight, though they'd made an unspoken pact not to say anything to him) about how his jeans had shrunk in the wash, Cas drove to the nearest Goodwill and purchased five worn, faded pairs of jeans two sizes up from Dean's current pants. He replaced them while Dean made dinner and made a mental note to donate Dean's old jeans.
Dean whimpered and grabbed Cain’s wrist, tried to guide it further down his body, but Cain just kept tracing above the delicate lace, avoiding the one place Dean really needed attention. He ran his fingers along the sensitive underside of Dean’s belly and Dean shuddered, goosebumps popping up on his arms. He probably deserved this for all the pictures he’d sent, but damn it, Dean had waited long enough.
The first thing Dean did when he got home was strip off his pants. He had to practically peel himself out of them, wincing as he rubbed at the angry red marks left under his belly and around his hips. He changed into his ‘me day’ attire to cheer himself up — his set of silk pajamas that he was was not ashamed to own in the least — and flushed when he had to leave the bottoms untied to fit around his chubby middle. And when said middle made teeny gaps between his shirt buttons. Ugh, these were supposed to be his sexy clothes.
did he have a dirty mouth on him. He shook Dean's gut and Dean whined again, wondering what he’d gotten himself into, though he wasn't complaining.
Pretty much canon, but with chubby!Dean. Short and sweet, no pairing - just Dean and a pair of jeans ;)
The day before New Year's Eve, they went shopping for new clothes for Cas. Using the money his parents had given him, Castiel bought shirts in XLs and 2XLs depending on the style, and some jeans and slacks in forty-twos which buttoned under his gut nicely. Dean made Cas try on the size pants he wore - thirty-sixes - and they didn't even come close to buttoning, leading to a make out session in the dressing room.
When Dean blinks awake, he’s not sure how many hours have passed. The house is utterly silent around him, and the only source of illumination is the flicker of a dim light in the corridor at his back, reflecting off the shards of multi-colored glass on the floor.
They sag onto the mattress together, still breathing hard. Dean grabs some tissues from the nightstand and hands a few to Cas as well. When the mess on their stomachs and hands is more or less cleaned up, he reaches for Cas and pulls him close, Cas’ face tucked into the side of his neck.
Finally, Cas’ voice penetrates through the haze of Dean’s panic, and he starts to be able to hear actual words past the frantic thudding of his heart.
The footsteps round the corner closest to Dean, accompanied by the frantically jumping beam of a flashlight. The light hits Dean’s eyes, and he flinches.
Cas nods, and Dean dives in. The weight on his tongue is heavy, solid and warm, stretching his jaw and overwhelming his senses. It’s been years since he’s done this, and he’s never particularly liked it. The vulnerability that comes along with having another man’s dick in his mouth, the inability to properly defend himself if things go sideways — it’s not something he was ever totally at ease with.
Alarmed, Cas thumbs through his phone, determined to call Dean back and figure out what in the world is going on. He never gets the chance, because at that moment, a frantic bellowing comes up the outside stairwell.
All three of the newcomers look pretty damn confused, but he waves them off. “I’ll explain later. Seriously, though, why aren’t you dead?”
Dean ducks his head, but there’s a pleased smile playing at the corners of his mouth. “You’re just saying that to get in my pants.” He scoots back to press small bites and kisses up the inside of Castiel’s thigh. “Oh wait,” he says, smirking. “Already there.”
Dean returns a minute later, clutching a glass filled almost to the brim. “How did you know to ask for ‘coffin varnish'?” Cas asks, as Dean sets down the drink in front of him.
So these days, Dean’s the director, the makeup artist, the lighting guy, the sound guy, the special effects guy and the guy who fetches everyone coffee. (That last part isn’t technically in the job description, but he started when he first got hired, and he never really stopped.)
Resigning himself to his fate, Castiel climbs out of the truck and trails along in Mildred’s wake, following her quick, determined strides to the front door of the store.
There’s a dull, hollow ache in Dean’s chest as he watches his best friend, the man he’s shared his life and home with for almost a decade, get ready to leave him behind.
“Out of immediate danger,” she says, eyebrows pulled together in slight disapproval as she studies what is most likely Bobby’s file. “Whoever worked him over wasn’t pulling any punches. We think there was a baseball bat involved.” She grimaces, like she’s not sure she should be telling him more, but she does anyway. “They broke his pelvis. He’ll be able to walk again, but it’ll take several months of physical therapy. He’s got a long road ahead of him.”
Dean takes a deep swig from his bottle and bangs it down hard on the coffee table, daring Castiel to take the bait.
“Run!” Dean calls, and all four of them set off down the alley at top speed. With their longer legs, Dean and Castiel soon overtake Claire and Jack, but all four of them are out of sight by the time Donatello’s enraged shouts ring down the alley.
In the few hours between the kiss and their departure back to the bunker, Cas looked like he wanted to pull Dean aside several times, but Dean’s brain helpfully supplied him with increasingly flimsy excuses for why he needed to be somewhere else right the fuck now.
“Sheesh.” Dean grabs a paper napkin off the nearest stack, balls it up and throws it at Benny. “Can’t a guy be in a good mood without getting the third degree?”
Dean mumbles something and stalks off, and Castiel exchanges a quick glance with Charlie, one that he hopes conveys
With a screech of rubber on concrete, Dean turns onto Sixth. The sound of sirens has the two thugs in the backseat glancing over their shoulders and cursing a blue streak, but Dean can’t worry about that now. He just has to get where he’s going.
Castiel has to fight the overwhelming urge to let out an extremely undignified squeak of anticipation. “See you then.”
Meg rolls her eyes at him. “Whatever you say, Margaritaville. Now, are you gonna pull that stick out of your ass or not?”
Well. Cas does sleep sometimes now, but not every night, and never more than an hour or two. Chances are, he’ll be awake.
Cas’ face lights up, and Dean grins back at him until his face hurts from the strain. Eventually, though, his eyes are drawn away from Cas' face and down the lines of his body, frustratingly hidden under that boxy suit and coat. “Cas, I… I’m really trying to play this cool, but I’ve waited a long time to get here, and…”
Dean turns his eyes to the ceiling, trying to picture the front page of a newspaper passed to him by a smirking Zachariah. “2014. August.”
“You know what?” Dean spreads his arms wide in a general challenge to the room. “Y’all are just jealous you don’t get any of my sweet, sweet tender kisses at the end of the night.”
Missouri smiles, but she looks tired. “That’s where we may run into some difficulties. My grandmother told me the second board was buried with Kennard.”
When the woman steps away, Cas looks up, the customer-service smile sliding off his face, replaced by complete shock. Dean tries for a grin.
“You know,” Cas says, letting his head loll to the side so he’s looking right at Dean across less than two feet of couch. “I always thought my soulmate would turn out to be a man.”
He’s not wrong, Dean realizes. The pork strips lining his favorite pan are well on their way to graduating from 'crispy' to 'charred.'
“Oh, right.” Dean springs to his feet with as much grace as he can manage right now, which isn’t much. “Sorry, man.” He tucks himself away, then holds out his hand. Cas uses it to pull himself up, bringing them face to face again. Dean’s brain instantly supplies him with flashbacks to the last time they were standing this close, just a few minutes ago, and what followed right after.
“This way, please.” Mick extends one arm in the direction of the entrance, motioning for Cas and Dean to precede him into the dark, cool interior of the mansion.
“What?” Dean blinks at Cas’ regret-stained eyes, trying to make sense of what he’s hearing. “No, I’m the one who— I was a dick last night. I shouldn’t have—” He shakes his head and decides to start over. “What’re you even sorry for?”
“I did,” Donatello says, on the exhale of a world-weary sigh. Apparently sensing Dean’s discomfort, he adds, “It’s not
At that exact moment, the curtain drawn all the way around his bunk opens on the left-hand side, and a head pokes in through the gap.
The words sound pleasant and reassuring, but there’s a challenge sparking at the back of Dean’s eyes.
Castiel finally retrieves the loaf of bread from underneath his shirt and thrusts it at the boy. “Here’s your bread.”
Sam is standing across from him, red-faced. “If you think I’m letting you put my brother’s private life to a town-wide vote, you’ve got another thing—” He breaks off when his eyes fall on Dean. “Oh. Hey, Dean. Cas.” Looking more than a little worried, he raises both hands, palms out, in a
“Sure, why not. Never was much of a fan of curses anyway,” he muses. “I like to come by my souls honestly.” He smiles with all the wickedness of the infernal creature he is. “What’s my line?”
By the time they pull up in front of the Brewster House, Dean’s not entirely sure how they even got there, let alone so quickly. All he knows is, maybe doing that fight scene with Cas later isn’t going to be such a chore after all.
“I need to be touching you,” Castiel says, his always-deep voice lowered further by the irresistible, urgent heat boiling under his skin. “Right now.”
“Yeah, sure, man. Whatever you need. I’ll give her a call to let her know you guys are coming. She takes walk-ins, so it shouldn’t be a problem.” The sound of a pen scratching against paper. “You want me to come too?”
“When things ended with him, was it—” Once again, Naomi pauses, clearing her throat before she continues. “Did it have anything to do with—”
“What d’you mean?” Dean moves away from the doorframe, perching on the edge of the bathtub so they can talk face to face.
When Cas bottoms out, he bends down, kissing Dean long and thorough. There’s nothing desperate or urgent about it — it’s affection and closeness and everything Dean was convinced they’d never have again.
Cas surges forward, kissing Dean with all the desperation and want he's kept bottled up for nearly two weeks now. Dean responds with enthusiasm, meeting Cas’ tongue with his own and moaning into the kiss.
“Today is the anniversary of John’s death,” Jess says softly. “Every year, on that day, Dean just takes off. Nobody’s really sure where. He closes down the diner, and he won’t answer calls or respond to texts. Then, the next day, he just… comes back. Like nothing ever happened.”
Dean looks down at the minor assortment of fake vampire teeth in various sizes, all laid out on the craft-slash-makeup-slash-prop table so he can choose the set that fits him best.
“I wouldn't want to be anywhere else," Jack says, and hooks his arm into Castiel’s. The doors open, and sunlight streams into the corridor. A gentle slope of verdant grass spreads out in front of Castiel, and with one last glance at Jack's cheerful smile, he walks down it.
“Oh, by the way,” Dean says, “if you decide to join us, just follow the signs in the hallway. They’ll have the name of our group on them.”
Dean almost stomps his foot in frustration. “For fuck’s sake. Yes, I know him! I work here. Is he OK?”
Everything feels too dry — the inside of his mouth, his nostrils, even his fingertips. Cautiously, he blinks his eyes open, only to shut them again immediately. The second time he tries it, he cups one hand across his forehead, shielding himself at least somewhat from the onslaught of daylight.
Dean’s expression crumples, his lips shaping themselves around a quiet “fuck.” “Hey, Cas,” he says out loud, a shaky smile pulling at his lips. “How, um. How are you?”
When Meg comes home an hour later to find him staring at nothing, she doesn’t ask questions. She wraps Castiel in a hug and holds him while they watch TV and drink heavily until Castiel falls asleep, cradled against the warm softness of her chest. He dreams of green eyes.
Before he’s even back upright, the door opens a sliver, and there’s Cas, dark hair messy as always, blue eyes wide. He’s holding up his phone, the lit-up screen displaying the numbers “9-1-1”.
Other Sam glares at the pair of them, in an uncanny imitation of the Sam who left two minutes ago. “Can we go put him down now? He really will be alright, but he needs a place to rest.”
“Sammy? Sammy, are you alright?” The words are barely above a whisper, having to scrape their way past the giant lump in Dean’s throat. Still, Sam nods.
Their first kiss ever, shy and tentative, when Cas came to pick him up at the bookstore for their first date. There wasn’t anybody else at the store, and waiting just seemed so stupid, so Dean decided to ask for a kiss hello. Cas indulged him; smiled and leaned in across the counter.
“It could have caused me serious injury!” Donatello insists. “There could have been gravel in it. I could have lost an eye!”
Meg picks up her fork again, jaw working. “That’s nice of you to offer, but I think we’re good here. If Clarence needs anything, I can help him out, right?”
Dean’s mind is racing, torn. This offer is everything he’s ever wanted, presented to him on a silver platter: a way to take care of his ma. An easy life of pleasure and leisure for them both.
By the time they’ve exhausted the subject, Cas feels warm and content, and he finds himself leaning forward more and more, cursing the table that separates him from Dean and his plush, tempting lips.
“Do the campus police know this is happening?” he asks. Even though Castiel is still new to Franklin College, he’s been here long enough to learn that an unauthorized gathering serving alcohol is guaranteed to get broken up before midnight.
“Hey, um. Wanna hang out again some time? I mean, since you’re new in town, I could… I don’t know, show you around?”
“What about Dean?” Naomi asks, searching Castiel’s face as though trying to catch him in a lie. He tries not to take it personally. Deception and emotional subterfuge have been a staple of their relationship for as long as he can remember, and it’s a hard habit to shake.
“No, I know that,” Dean says quickly. “At least, I think I do. I know we haven’t explored all the options, or whatever. Let’s just eat.”
At the inn, he runs into Balthazar, who apparently picked up a rare night shift at reception. “Morning, Cassie,” he says, smirking. “You look like you slept worse than I did, and I didn’t sleep at all.”
Dean looks extremely amused by it all. “This stuff always gets Sam real riled up too. His arguments with Donatello are more predictable than death and taxes. Shame Jess is missing this.”
Instantly, the alarm bells in Dean’s brain kick back into gear. How does she know his name? And why does it matter? Should he lie? Or run?
“It’s not like we would’ve actually let them vote,” Charlie says quickly. “We had a whole civil disobedience thing planned. I was gonna handcuff myself to the podium.”
“If she wants us to visit her, we absolutely will,” Castiel says, because that much he’s certain of. No matter what changes he needs to make, he has no interest in cutting his mother out of Claire’s life completely.
Signora Linetti has appeared in the doorway of her shop, scowling at Castiel, so he ducks his head and starts walking first out of the square, then up the nearest street. “You should learn Italian if you like it so much,” he says, mostly just to fill the silence.
As he refills the customer's mug, someone to his right says, “Hey, change the channel, would ya? Clippers game is on. Final quarter.”
After that night of awful food and amazing sex, Cas is different. He touches Dean freely, and lets Dean touch him back. With almost absurd ease, they fall back into a place of comfort with each other, bantering and fighting and generally getting up in each other’s business. (They also have a lot of sex, on any surface around the apartment that will support their weight. And one that, as it turns out, doesn’t.)
“Aren’t you nervous?” Castiel whispers at him as they stand in front of the door, waiting to be admitted.
Dean almost opens his mouth to lash out at Cas for starting with this shit, again. The first time he ever saw Cas dry-swallowing a pill, the glassy stare and vacant grin after — it broke something in him that he’s not sure he can ever put back together.
He looks different. Of course he does: it’s been twenty years. The angle of Cas’ jaw has sharpened, and he has a bit of stubble on his cheeks. But he’s still
Both women blush a little, but neither of them argue, and Dean thinks he sees the smallest possible smile twitch at the corner of Claire’s mouth.
When they finally broke up, he wasn't even as upset as he maybe should have been. Certainly not as upset as he still gets on the rare occasions when he talks about Cas. Which is why, for the most part, he
A small spark of hope springs to life inside Dean, and when Cas asks to use the bathroom first, he agrees immediately. They’d usually do their bedtime routine together, might even share the shower if they’re feeling especially frisky or affectionate, and Dean misses it with a bone-deep ache. But he tries to comfort himself with the thought that at least they get to share a bed, and that’ll just have to be enough.
“How’d it go at the artists’ agencies this morning? You find a new job?” Mary asks, pretending not to notice the way Dean is crowding into her space, pushing her away from the stove in a battle of inches.
Castiel swallows, deeply confused by the turn his day is taking, and just a little concerned about this woman’s mental state. “We’ve never met. I’ve never been to your store before. How could—” he tries, but Mildred silences him with another glare.
“Yeah,” Dean chimes in. “But we don’t want you guys to think that anything needs to change, just because Cas and I wanna spend some time together. You two are always gonna be the most important people in our lives. Alright?”
From the other side of the small living room, Mary snorts. “That radiator’s got it in for you, son. It never does this to
Cas shrugs, looking slightly defensive. “That’s why I thought it would be a good learning experience for me.”
Maybe Dean should call her some time and talk about Cas. Or even about Jimmy. Right now, with this new perspective Sam’s given him, it doesn’t seem impossible.
Dean turns the heat on the stove to low, wiping a smidge of sauce off his hand with the dish towel. Then, he steps around the kitchen island and slots himself behind Cas, chin resting on his shoulder. Cas leans back against him, savoring the solid warmth.
When they finally straighten, they’re both a little red in the face, whether from embarrassment or heat or the position they were just in, it’s hard to tell.
For the fifth time in the past ten minutes, Castiel considers leaving. He could just do it — get in his car, pick his way down the byroads of Tybee Island back to Highway 80 and never look back.
The lease document now rests on the side table of Castiel and Claire’s room at the inn, waiting for his signature. According to Dean, it’s fine for Castiel to take his time looking it over. At least, that’s what Castiel thinks Dean said, but he became distracted at that point, because Dean offered to exchange phone numbers “just in case.” (In case of what, Dean didn’t specify.)
“Maybe,” Dean says, shrugging easily. “But it’s not wrong. No matter what Claire had at your mom’s house, it wouldn’t have made her happy. Not while her dad was miserable.”
He's probably wrong, because most of the time it seems like Cas doesn't even know how to be afraid of things. Still, that little glimpse of
Donatello runs a finger across one of the bookshelves, searching. “Now, where do we have… ah yes. Here.” He taps a particularly large tome bound in blood-red leather, and a panel opens in the wall next to the bookcase.
“Be that as it may,” Mildred says, waving him off with a kind smile. “Even if I had an accounting job to offer, I can’t pay you the kind of salary you’re accustomed to, and I won’t be offended when it’s time for you to move on. After all, you’ve got your little one to think of.” She inclines her head at Claire, who is busy comparing candy hauls with Dave and Lou next to the horses’ stable.
When they stop to catch their breath, Dean keeps his hand on the back of Cas’ neck and Cas leans their foreheads together, both of them reluctant to give up physical contact altogether.
When the kiss breaks, they’re both breathing noticeably faster, but Dean’s smiling so hard it almost hurts, and Cas’ answering smile is just as bright. Dean rests their foreheads together. He kind of wants to keep kissing, but that might lead to other things, and it somehow doesn’t seem like that should be where this evening is headed.
As Dean watches the two of them making heart eyes at each other, his lungs suddenly feel too big for his chest. It's one thing having to deal with this when it's just him, but with Cas in the room too... it's too much.
“Besides,” Castiel continues, “Charlie told me a lot of people choose to keep their underwear on. No one’s going to judge you if it makes you more comfortable to do it that way.” He turns his eyes to the heavens, mock-thoughtful. “Well, except for me. I’ll definitely be judging you.”
In the blink of an eye, the Mustang overbalances and tips over onto its roof. Residual momentum keeps it sliding along another few feet as Dean rounds the next bend of the road, out of sight.
Dean’s hands come up to cup Castiel’s ass, pulling him closer. Castiel hitches one of Dean’s legs up over his arm, then takes hold of his cock and lines himself up.
“Well, uh, I’ll see you around then,” Cas says, grabbing his two coffees and turning to go with what he hopes is a few shreds of his dignity still intact.
“Dean?” Sam’s voice, quieter than before, calls him back just as he’s reached the doorframe. Mom is already out of hearing, talking to someone from housekeeping at the other end of the corridor in a broken mix of English and Italian.
“I don’t remember,” Claire mumbles, pushing her steamed carrots to the far edge of the plate and wrinkling her nose.
Cas to mind. He’d fully expected Cas to shove him or yell at him or punch him. He might not know all that much about kissing, but he knows that what happened between him and Cas is not how this is usually supposed to go.
Slowly, Cas says, “I think so. They were both recent arrivals. Alone and friendless. No one would have missed them for a while.” The words hit a little too close to home, sending an unpleasant shiver down his spine.
Sam brushes a long strand of hair behind his ear, triggering Dean’s Pavlovian response to grab a pair of scissors, a razor or maybe just a sharp knife. “If I’m honest, I felt a little less guilty about leaving because I knew you had Cas to help you through it.”
“Hello to you, too, Bobby!” Charlie calls back. “I came to talk to you about the place next door, and I brought some newcomers, so try not to scare them off.”
Betty squints at Castiel in that particular, discerning way of hers, but answers the question. “He wanted to go get drunk with his friends, and when I said I didn’t feel like doing that, he acted like an asshole. So I yelled at him and left.”
Cas’ breath hitches in the darkness, and for a long time, there’s nothing but silence. Then, so quietly that Dean almost misses it, “Maybe we can try to remember together.”
“You wanted a paycheck. There’s a paycheck in Urbana,” Gabe says evenly as he approaches the attendant’s desk.
Cas tenses up and leaps out of his chair. The smile from a second ago is gone, replaced by crackling, radiant fury. Dean jumps up too, putting a steadying hand on Cas' shoulder. First Sam, and now Cas. He's too damn old to have others keep fighting this battle for him.
“The shifter case needs some on-the-ground investigation because we don’t know what face the creature’s wearing right now or where it hides out. The vamp case is a milk run. Takes nothing but a couple hands and some machetes, so I figure Dean can take point on that.”
The words fall from Dean’s lips with practiced ease as he leans against the Impala’s passenger side and takes in the view below. He pulled over to take the call, and he couldn’t have chosen a better spot. He’s on a lookout point off Mulholland Drive, high up in the hills. Below him, the maze of streets and freeways threads through the city, outlined by a constant pulse of pinprick lights. The concrete giants of downtown rise up in the hazy distance, polluting the night sky with their fluorescent glare.
, sitting on the hood of the Impala. He’s got a small, fond smile on his face, and more crow’s feet than he ever remembers seeing in the mirror. Cas is sitting to his left, looking back at him, nose crinkled in that damn smile Dean just left behind in the hallway. The weirdest thing, though, is that he’s wearing his angel clothes: Jimmy’s old, navy-blue suit, and that stupid flasher coat Dean always secretly loved.
Naomi waves the objection away. “Oh, as a teenager, certainly. But I always thought, ‘Well, this is what teenagers are supposed to do, isn’t it? They’re supposed to over-dramatize everything and blame their parents for every perceived slight.’ I truly didn’t realize that you still think of your childhood as an unhappy one, even now.”
When Castiel pulls up in front of the two-bedroom duplex he and Dean used to share, the windows are dark, which is to be expected. What’s unexpected, however, is that Dean’s Impala isn’t in the driveway. What if Dean has gone to visit someone? Or worse, what if he’s spending the night with someone who is very much not Castiel?
“Yeah, all those little cubby holes used to have drawers in them with different sizes of screws and stuff. Anyway, I thought about selling the place when he died.” Dean’s smile is slightly crooked, as though he’s recalling a bitter memory softened by time. “But the building had good bones, and a great view of the square, and I’d kinda been thinking about coming back home for a while. I’ve got a culinary degree, so closing down the hardware store and opening up a diner seemed like a good compromise.”
“Can’t be.” He shakes his head, ice-cold dread sliding down his spine at the mere memory of that place. “I watched Sam twist my…
Dean touches their lips together, tasting pistachio where he knows there isn’t any, feeling the sun warm his face even though it’s long since gone down. Cas makes a soft noise of relief, and Dean wants to melt into him.
He was already pretty tired of building undercarriages for SUVs by then, and the payout from John’s life insurance was his ticket to college.
The second the man steps forward, Cas’ hand moves instinctively to the shotgun on the shelf behind him.
A moment later, Josie emerges, sans lackey. She’s wearing a purple silk gown that flares out at the bottom and, Dean notices when she turns to pick up her cigarette case from a marble side table, plunges deeply in the back, leaving a wide expanse of smooth, pale skin on full display.
All the while, Castiel is sick and aching with the silence of his phone. He should block M, should delete the app, should do any number of things. Instead, all he does is stare at the last message M sent, until the screen blurs before his eyes.
“I know,” he says. There is something genuinely sad about admitting it like this, out loud, all pretense abandoned. “That’s exactly the problem.”
“Inappropriate,” Castiel corrects automatically, then grimaces at himself. “I’m sorry those girls were being mean to you,” he adds, even though it feels rather inadequate. “And I think you should get to play soccer with the boys if you feel like it.”
Dean grunts his agreement just as the sound of fussy throat-clearing reaches him from the other end of the carriage. It’s Adler, of-fucking-course.
Castiel nods. He knows this about Dean’s childhood, though Dean doesn’t like to talk about it much. Still, with tempting images of undiscovered food and unfamiliar sights dancing across the screen in front of him, he can’t help asking, “But… don’t you want to travel
Eventually, a comfortable silence falls between them, and they watch the sun sink below the hills in the distance as Jimmy takes ever more daring leaps off the side of the play structure.
“Remember I told you I was an entitled asshole who prioritized my career over my daughter?” Castiel answers with a sigh. “God, to think I might still be working at my family’s company. We never would’ve met.”
“So if we’re getting a new place to live, can we live here?” Claire asks, snuggling into Castiel’s lap and clutching the small, fuzzy bear she’s still holding. “I like it here. There’s horses, and Jack, and a lot of nice people like Jess and Charlie and Bobby and Dean."
When he doesn’t find either the table or the colt, he squints. It’s really goddamn bright in the room. Why the hell is it so bright? His room doesn’t even have windows.
By the time Cas gets up, everything is back to normal. Dean doesn’t even think to mention the nosebleed; it’s just one of those things that happen sometimes.
Two men witness a tender moment between Dean and Cas and call Dean a homophobic slur ("faggot"). A fist fight ensues, after which Dean and Cas head back to Cas' house and have sex. The morning after, Dean gets upset and fights with Cas. He denies that he is bisexual and claims that his sexual relationship with Cas was part of a phase, and that he will get back to "normal" once he leaves college.
Even in the dim, jaundiced lighting of a decades-old movie theater, surrounded by half-broken furniture and the trash of a week’s worth of other patrons, he’s the closest thing to perfection Castiel has ever seen. A constellation of freckles dots the bridge of his nose, and his smile is almost too bright to bear. He smells like summer-warm grass and clean sweat, along with something sweet and homey that Castiel couldn’t possibly put a name to.
Contrary to what he said earlier, Sam doesn’t actually wait until they get to a lunch place to share what he found out. Dean knows his little brother’s enjoying this just as much as he is — doing research again, interviewing people, working a case. It’s hard to stay mad at each other for long.
Castiel unzips his hoodie and slips out of it, throwing it unseeing on the floor as his tongue pushes into Dean’s mouth. He tugs at the hem of Dean’s shirt, trailing his fingers up Dean’s spine with soft, fluttering touches. Dean sighs into his mouth before he steps back and pulls his shirt over his head. Castiel’s hands slide reverently over the newly revealed skin of Dean’s chest, first his eyes and then his tongue following in their wake to caress the freckled skin. Castiel can feel Dean’s quiet, rumbling moan as a vibration against his lips.
Dean looks up and seems to be trying to return Castiel’s smile, but other than a slight twitch of his jaw, he doesn’t succeed. “The guy I do these jobs for... Crowley. We’re supposed to have an exclusive arrangement. He’s in this, I don’t know, turf war with another guy named Nick. Nick is the one whose crowd Meg was part of.”
“Hello to you too,” Castiel says, pretending to be annoyed. But how could he possibly be, when Dean is next to him with kiss-bitten lips, and the memory of Dean’s half-hard cock pressing against Castiel’s thigh a minute ago is still fresh in his mind?
The port was thriving, even as the rest of the city had lost much of its population to the suburbs, and the combination of well-paid union work and cheap real estate finally kept John from wanting to move again.
Dean probably shouldn’t say what he thinks about that, but he’s never claimed to be a smart man. “His mom’s been in prison for three years. Seems like she should wanna spend her first night back with her son.”
Once all the dishes are put away, though, Dean abruptly turns serious. “I did have an ulterior motive inviting you here tonight, kiddo. And it kinda has to do with the whole ‘monsters are real’ thing.”
Sometimes, when Castiel feels particularly maudlin, he makes it a point to stroll past his old house and think back to the first time Dean ever walked him home, or to the last time they… Castiel cuts off that train of thought before it can fully pick up speed. It’s a beautiful, sunny morning, and he won’t let himself go to that dark, regret-stained place today.
“Right,” Dean shoots back, trying and failing to keep his own lips from curving up. “Can’t spell sar
Dean doesn’t respond right away, but he raises his arm and waits for Castiel to move in closer, until he’s resting against the solid warmth of Dean’s shoulder. “I don't know about that, Cas. Today, I looked someone — an ancient, all-powerful someone, but still — right in the eye, and I lied to her.” Dean’s chest rises and falls with a heavy sigh. “I told her I’d never hurt her.”
Today, Castiel walks into the room to find one of the two working machines already in use, so he heads to the one at the very back and starts loading his and Jimmy’s things. He adds soap and digs in his pocket for his stash of quarters. When he’s finally located a few, below several pieces of lint and a rock that Jimmy picked up on the way home from school, he drops them in the slot.
“Ehh.” Donatello wags his head dubiously. “Too small to be truly useful.” He turns to Dean. “And you?”
Here it is! The last chapter of this crazy, inter-dimensional trip of a story. (Plus, an epilogue, which is also posted!)
In late August, Sam comes for a visit, in between his summer internship and the start of the fall semester. Dean takes him all over the city, showing him all his favorite places. Wherever they go, memories of Jimmy’s laughter and the glint of Cas’ blue eyes follow him like a shadow.
“He’s neither Chinese nor a girl,” Dean snaps, then clamps his mouth shut, realizing that if Freddo’s already drawn his own conclusions about what Dean’s here for, it’s entirely possible he’s just outed himself by accident. To a random dude who probably thinks guys who like guys are the scum of the earth.
This chapter is where the "infidelity" tag comes into play. If you're concerned, there's a spoilery description in the endnote for the chapter.
Dean looks closely at Mills, watching her face for any hint of mockery or deception. She doesn’t so much as blink at the scrutiny. “Why now? Crowley’s been around for years.”
He runs his fingers through his son’s hair as he speaks, tugging on it gently until the dark, messy strands lie feathered across his lap. Jimmy’s hair is the exact color of his own. The narrow, sharply defined jaw and blue eyes are his too, but Jimmy’s occasional flashes of brash confidence are all Meg.
“Yeah,” Jack agrees enthusiastically, nodding at Castiel. “The Dragonfly Inn. They got two horses, Walt and Roy. The guests get to ride them for free.”
“I’ve wondered sometimes.” He pulls Cas even further down, until Cas’ weight is resting on his forearms and he’s chest to chest with Dean. When he’s got Cas where he wants him, he plants a gentle kiss on the crow’s feet next to Cas’ left eye. “I know Jimmy didn’t have
, or big boxer shorts. (Which, honestly, is even better than the pair of pants Dean was picturing.) And yeah, he giggles every time he sees the place now. But Freddo does too, so at least Dean’s not the only immature one.
“You’re looking at the Douglas County 135-pound wrestling champ,” Dean grins back, and, God, when’s the last time he’s told anyone about
Castiel doesn’t trust himself to speak, so he doesn’t. He keeps his hand on Dean’s back, though, thumb stroking across it.
“Fuck.” Cas’ eyes are glazed, darting across Dean’s face. “Take your pants off. Now.” Arousal sears through Dean as he stumbles off the bed, shaky fingers undoing his belt and pulling down his jeans. He watches, frozen, as Cas pulls his own shirt over his head and undoes his belt, shoving his sweats and boxers down in one go.
Castiel wants to think he struggled with the decision to forgo a good night’s sleep and, depending on how long he will need to stay at the hospital, the wages for two shifts the next day. But really, there was no struggle.
“Yeah, um, that. Seemed like maybe it wasn’t the best way to go. Deano, he… didn’t seem to enjoy that particular joke.”
He bundles his son into the back of the Continental and drives across downtown to the hospital. For the moment, his grief over Meg’s death has receded to a dull ache in the background. To his own surprise, as soon as he picked up the phone and heard Dean’s voice, cracked with panic, the need to find him and hold him close became more important than any other consideration.
Castiel holds up the pile of crumpled, coffee-stained receipts shoved haphazardly under the mousepad of the computer at the reception desk.
At the threshold of the bathroom, he stops short. Meg is in front of the mirror, dabbing at her split lip with a wet towel. One side of her face is starting to swell, purple spreading across one cheekbone. She’s taken off her blouse, leaving her in a black tank top. The top does nothing to hide the textured snake winding up her arm and licking at her neck with a forked tongue.
Cas doesn’t let go of him until they get there, and Dean’s sure he’ll have finger-shaped bruises on his arm tomorrow, but he goes along without a fight.
Dean looks up, cheeks flushed, eyes glazed with heat. “Condom?” he asks, running a hand up and down Castiel’s chest as he withdraws his fingers.
Would it have been more exciting to show the capture on-screen? Sure. But the acted segments on either side of the movie of the week are no more than eight minutes long, and Dean somehow doubts Ketch would have agreed to participate in a scuffle that might rumple his immaculately pressed suit.
When Missouri looks back up at Dean, her expression is a good deal less soft. “As for your second question, I did know Gordon, but it never hurt to take time for a polite greeting before jumping right into other people’s business.”
Just like that, Dean’s looking at another guy’s erection. It’s thick and blood-flushed and curves up a little towards his stomach, and Dean is bowled over by much he wants to know what it’ll feel like in his hands. Cas looks a little self-conscious now, peering up at him with uncertain eyes. “Still good?”
“Well,” Cas says, already rising from the couch. “Thank you very much for your time, Missouri. We should be on our way, but you’ve been very helpful.”
“That was the most fun I’ve had in ages,” Castiel says, once his lungs have somewhat recovered from the strain. “Years, maybe.”
Dean pockets his phone and puts that statement in his already respectably sized “can’t deal with this right now” pile. “Well, if we don’t know where she went, we should…”
Dean swallows heavily, a weird mix of emotions swirling in his gut — gratitude for Cas, along with anger at him, Sam, Jack and everything about this whole, fucked-up situation.
The knight wasn’t based on Castiel, exactly, but they do share some basic traits: a reluctance to let others penetrate their defenses; the inability to carry a tune. It’ll have to do.
If you have to be working somewhere after dark, Ellen’s 24-Hour Diner isn’t the worst place to do it.
For a moment, Dean says nothing. He looks up at the night sky, wishing he knew enough about astronomy to be able to find Andromeda. Are those stars even visible where he is, or at this time of year?
A stream of sticky, wine-dark liquid hits Ketch squarely across the eyes. With a snarl, Ketch claws at them, tries to blink them open against the glue-like substance coating his eyelashes.
When Cas’ fingers wrap around Dean’s, holding him tighter, jerking him faster, Dean comes all over both their hands with a shout. He sinks forward again, boneless, letting Cas grab hold of his hips and fuck into him until, with one last, guttural groan, Cas paints Dean's insides with his release.
“Dean,” Cas says, infinitely gentle. “If there’s even a small chance of saving you, I’m going to take it.”
“I can help with that.” There’s no hesitation in Mills’ voice whatsoever, and that alone is such a relief, Dean almost does start to cry. “Come see me first thing tomorrow. I work out of Central Community Station, over on Sixth.” Probably sensing his moment of hesitation, she adds, “No one’s gonna arrest you. We’re just talking, for now.”
Castiel lets himself fall backward and Dean follows him down, trailing a soft, open-mouthed line of kisses down the column of Castiel’s throat. Castiel tips his head back, his hands drifting down to his belt, but Dean bats them away gently and gets to work himself, kissing each letter of Castiel’s tattoo as he gets the belt undone.
Doing his best impression of casual, Dean saunters over to the kitchen. When he picks up his phone and finds no missed messages, he’s not surprised. But it still stings a little.
“Family-friendly,” Meg finishes for her, making a face as though the mere idea is offensive, despite the fact that she seems to enjoy family movie nights with Claire just fine.
Before Dean can flare up, Cas cuts him off, crossing his arms as he leans against the doorframe. “Dean went for a drive and confirmed they don’t have croats here. Which fits with the theory we talked about: alternate universe.”
Somehow, they make it out of the elevator bank closest to the ICU, and Castiel tugs Jimmy along by the hand, trying to find the reception desk so they can ask where Dean might have gone.
These sensations are new and exciting, but they pale in comparison with a warm, golden glow that calls to my newborn consciousness.
“Can’t say we’ve met. Nice to meet you, Cas.” Garth holds out his hand to Cas, who’s gotten off the couch, presumably to better tower over Dean even though he’s actually an inch or two shorter.
“Night, Cas,” he murmurs. By the time Cas says, “Goodnight, Dean,” Dean already has his back turned and his eyes firmly closed.
Dean’s eyes drop to his palm, to the lopsided C carved into it. He turns up the overhead light, stands right under it, and snaps a picture. With a deep, slightly shaky exhale, he sends it off; just that, and a single word. A question, and a hope.
“I don’t know what that means, but maybe you could write your Santa a letter, Daddy,” Claire says, helping herself to some popcorn as well. “Meg, did you bring any Sour Patch Kids this time?”
“You can touch me if you want,” he whispers, kissing a trail along Dean’s cheek all the way to his ear. White noise buzzing in his head, Dean sits back on his heels and grabs the bottle, squirting a bit of liquid into his hands and rubbing them together to warm up. Still, Cas hisses when Dean’s fingers close around him, sliding up and down his shaft in slow, careful motions.
The woman steps closer still, pinning him in place with her mismatched eyes, and Dean can smell her foul breath on his face.
He’s in the lobby of the Rooster’s Sunrise Motel again, but the colors look washed out somehow, the oranges and reds less blindingly cheerful than he remembers. The reception desk, chairs and side tables are fuzzy around the edges, marking the places where Dean can’t quite remember the details of each item’s shape, or the way it was angled.
Dean considers bringing up the curse thing again as they leave the doctor’s office, but there are shadows under Cas’ eyes so dark they look bruised, and he keeps picking at his thumbnail, which he only does when he’s about to blow up in someone’s face. Bottom line, Dean decides to let it go.
But Dean is busy at the diner or with odd jobs around town most days, and Castiel isn’t the kind of person who pushes to make plans with someone unless they offer first. In his more pathetic moments, Castiel finds himself hoping that something around the house is going to break, as Dean seems to be Bobby’s go-to maintenance man. Perhaps Dean would come over and make short work of the job, then Castiel would offer him a drink for his trouble, and they’d sit and talk. As friends, of course.
The universe strikes its next blow about an hour later. Castiel has no classes to teach today — a small mercy — but the state of his fridge and pantry is pitiful, and the nearest decent grocery store is half an hour’s drive away.
Dean watches as Kaia’s eyes dart to the side of Claire’s face. Claire seems to notice, because she turns a little, and their eyes catch and hold. Dean chuckles. “Yeah. You two—” He points back and forth between Claire and Kaia. “—should definitely come.”
Those people don’t know, or choose to ignore, the other life that goes on behind the scenes of a Chicago night.
As he exits the garage, two uniformed cops cross his path. Their eyes slide over him, and they keep walking.
“And you never got in touch after they found me,” Dean says, his voice too carefully even to be anything other than hurt. “Why, Cas? When I knew you… between the two of us, you were always the brave one. You were never scared of anything. Why—”
“Dean, what are you doing?” Cas whispers against Dean’s lips, trying hard to call to mind all the reasons why he was supposed to keep his distance from Dean.
“Silenzio, Bruno!” Cas and Amara answer in unison, and Dean likes the way Cas’ eyes light up when he laughs.
Cas saunters back to his reading chair, Russian tome already back open on his lap. “I’m beginning to rethink the merits of death by rebar,” he growls, eyes fixed firmly on the page.
Claire nudges Castiel with her elbow. “Daddy, are Bobby and Donatello gonna fight?” She looks more excited than scared at the prospect.
It feels odd, sitting on the familiar, saggy two-seater couch in the living room without Dean there to keep Castiel company.
Dean prays to whoever is listening that Sam won’t ask any follow-up questions. He’s certainly not prepared to talk about the whole confusing situation with Jimmy. Not when just thinking about Jimmy’s message from last night makes his stomach squirm in a way that has nothing to do with his hangover. (
He teases into Cas’ mouth with his tongue and grinds down with his hips, feeling the way Cas is hard in his baggy sweats.
“Yeah — conductor, train conductor? It’s a joke, Cas,” Dean prompts. “Not a great one, sure, but you’ve heard of those, right? Jokes?”
Dean watches for another moment as Cas heads for the laundry room, shoulders hunched over the unwieldy basket, worn jeans too big for his lean frame.
He paced and mumbled and fretted for about two more hours, but then he curled up with his laptop and started researching flights to China. That done, he started filling out applications: first for a passport, then for a travel visa.
As soon as he’s out of earshot, Garth climbs up to the podium, waiting patiently as everybody takes a seat again. “Alright. Before we get down to business, who had, ‘Donatello threatens to quit as mayor at least ten times before the end of the year’?” About five people raise their hands. “Great,” Garth says. “You know the drill. Jess is the treasurer for the betting pool, so she’ll be the one to pay out your winnings. For now, let’s get on with talking about the Thanksgiving feast.”
“Cas, I… I don’t even know where to start.” Dean fidgets, hands twisting and scratching at each other in his lap. “I should never have worked that job with Meg. I thought it was the right thing to do, but…” He huffs a mirthless laugh. “God, I was so damn stupid.”
and two other Led Zeppelin songs he remembers, half-expecting Crowley to appear and disperse Castiel’s creation like so much smoke. But the forest that surrounds them, the warmth of the flames, remains unbroken.
to take care of Jack. He knows very well that the school will only allow the children to be picked up by certain people specifically authorized by their parents at the beginning of the school year, so it makes sense that Sam would be here.
“Yeah, you never wanna argue with this one about snow,” Benny calls from the kitchen. “It’s like he’s got a sixth sense.”
Dean keeps going south along Boyle, trying to think on the fly. From the backseat, he can hear quiet muttering, but he tunes it out and turns up the volume on the Clippers game again.
“So, so sure,” he says, and dives in again, hitching one of Cas’ legs up for better access as he grinds down again.
“You saw my website?” Cas asks, shy and pleased as he lets Dean take his hand and pull them down onto the couch next to each other.
“Two kinds of comfort food, together at last,” Rowena says dreamily. “It seemed like a match made in Heaven.”
“Seems likely,” Sam says. “I found my wallet on the desk in my room. I don’t think I’d leave without it, unless I was forced.”
Castiel’s fingers tighten around his mug as he tries to resist the impulse to throw it at Balthazar’s head. Because, very annoyingly, Balthazar is right. “The ideas just won’t come,” he says, hiding his face behind a sip of coffee. “I’ve been a little preoccupied, as you might imagine.”
He's probably just stating a fact, like he does sometimes. But Dean's already on edge about pretty much everything, and just like that, all his irritation with Cas comes rushing back. “Just trying to work the case here, Cas," he hisses. "You know, like I've done all my life. You got a problem with that?”
Max comes to stand behind Castiel, admiring their combined reflection in the full-length mirror. Castiel always thought it was a little ridiculous for Max to cram one of those into his tiny bedroom, but it’s helpful tonight.
“It’s been said,” Dean mumbles, doing his best to ignore the heavy weight on his chest as he strides past Charlie and heads further into town.
Claire and Jack come running back at that point, and Castiel lets go of Dean’s hand, but the memory of Dean’s smile warms him long after it’s faded from Dean’s face.
The words sting and rip, deep in Castiel’s core, but he can’t let Dean see. He can’t make himself more vulnerable than he already is. Instead, he hardens his voice. “That’s not how it works, Dean. You can’t just turn it off.”
Castiel moves in close again until their chests touch. He runs his palms up and down Dean’s back with gentle, barely-there touches, but he doesn’t take things further.
Rowena nods, looking pleased. She runs her fingers gently across the top of the suitcase, almost caressing it. “Yes, dear. Creation is the enemy of oblivion. Every other ingredient of the spell is merely an accelerant. Window dressing, if you will. Creation is the only thing capable of tearing a hole in Hell.”
“Cas.” The sound of his name on Dean’s lips has Castiel’s other hand traveling lower, between Dean’s cheeks, to tease at Dean’s rim with a slick finger.
Maybe he does, because for the first time Dean can remember, his father is letting a stranger get away with challenging one of his decisions.
Dean isn’t about to let him even put that insane suggestion out there. “No way, Sam. Absolutely not.”
“Don’t worry. I like beer just fine,” Cas says, taking a sip and relishing the crisp, slightly bitter taste. “So this is where you usually go for drinks?”
“Sure,” Meg agrees, tossing a handful of popcorn in her mouth as she sprawls out at the opposite end of the couch from Castiel. “It’s a lot like that, if Santa liked to wear flannel and had a much better jawline.”
“Don’t know,” Sam says. He gets up, stretches and starts reshelving the books. “Their records stop in the 1950s. But the bunker has clearly been inhabited since then. And based on everything we’ve seen, I’m thinking another version of the three of us lived here.”
When they were leaving Donatello’s house, he promised he’d be right behind them and find another way into the basement. Dean was about seventy-five percent sure it was a line to get rid of them.
Dean nods frantically and lets himself be dragged upstairs. Castiel has never been more grateful that the room where the children are sleeping is on the ground floor, safely out of hearing.
Jack walks over until his reflection joins Castiel’s in the mirror, looking handsome in a light grey suit with a succulent buttoniere that matches Castiel’s own. “Do you not want to marry Dean anymore?” Jack asks, with a confused tilt of his head.
place is too. It turns out this bunker used to house members of a secret society called the Men of Letters. They researched and chronicled the supernatural.”
When Rowena steps away, she looks the most flustered Dean has seen her so far. “Well,” she says, fanning herself with a small smile. “I was hard pressed to find the resemblance between you and Samuel before, but I think I see it now.”
Dean chuckles. “Good point.” There’s a beat of silence, then, “D’you still have the flask? It’s kind of… a family heirloom.” Something about Dean’s eyes tightens when he adds, “Was my dad’s.”
“So, Garth.” Dean leans forward, because if anything hatches from that wet spot, he should at least be out of claw-swiping distance. “Whatcha got?”
“Oh, right. I forgot,” Bobby says, every word dripping with sarcasm. “This is all for the greater good. This is you bein’ a goddamn hero.”
“You’re not supposed to do that, you know,” she says. “You could actually get the bleeding started again when you remove the paper. Try leaning forward and pinching your nose instead.”
When Dean walks through the bunker’s front door, the place seems deserted. He considers calling out, but instinct honed from years of dodging croats tells him not to draw attention to himself like that.
“Now, now, boys, don’t fight!” Amara sweeps them both into a hug that smells like the flowers on her dress. She smiles at Dean, eyes glittering. “You must be Dean! Castiel has told me so much about you.”
There’s a pair of legs resting on the floor of the corridor that leads to the laundry room, like someone’s slumped against the wall. They’re a woman’s legs, wrapped in dark denim and high-heeled black boots.
“Right,” says Donatello, somewhat flustered and trying to cover it by shuffling a stack of papers on his podium. “This meeting of the 25th of October has been called to address a matter of the most grave urgency.”
Like a roll of film, always paused in the background and just waiting to start playing at the worst possible moments, the memories unspool, showing Castiel everything that happened that night. And the morning after.
“No, but look, we never even watched Star Wars,” Charlie protests, flailing her hands at Cas, who’s enjoying Dean’s struggles from his comfortable perch on the couch. “Your boyfriend over there is going to keep going through life, not knowing what Princess Leia looks like in a bikini.”
“Or,” Dean says, around a sudden flutter of nerves, “you could sleep in my bed. With me. If you want.”
“Potato skins don’t belong in mashed potatoes, end of story,” Dean says as he shoves a large tray of turkey legs at Garth, who almost buckles under the impact.
“I like you, dude,” Charlie says, clapping a not-exactly-gentle hand on Cas’ shoulder. “You can stay. Now, what can I get you two lovely gents?”
When he went to college here, crossing the Easter River always felt like coming home. Once you were across, you’d officially arrived in the town of Easterbridge; home to all his best memories and a few of his worst.
As Castiel uses the empty paper bag to wrap up what’s left of the ciabatta loaf for Aunt Amara, he thinks that maybe having a
Dean swallows his bite of meatloaf. Instead of spearing another one with his fork, he glares across the table at Cas. “I
“I can respect that,” Dean says softly. “But honestly, if you don’t mind sticking to my baby brother, Sammy, I could talk about him all day.”
“That’s Cas, and his daughter is Claire. They’re spending a couple days in town,” Dean says, grinning at them before he fixes his eyes on the spectacle by the gazebo again.
Rowena claps her hands together, looking openly delighted. “Oh, my darling Samuel! Yes, he did say you were coming.” She lowers her voice until it resembles the respectfully hushed tones of a funeral director at the graveside. “Something about a suspected curse?”
“The fuckin’ nerve of that—” Bobby starts, but Dean doesn’t let him finish. He stalks back to the office, trying his best to have his face composed by the time he opens the door.
“Dude, no.” Dean steps forward, chasing after Castiel and grabbing hold of one of his hands. “I liked it. Just… didn’t expect it.”
The Impala’s passenger door creaks as Castiel opens it, and Dean’s warm, easy smile is the first thing he sees when he slides onto the bench seat.
Castiel tried a few more times — “Do you ever hook up at parties? Is there anyone you like?” — but he always received non-committal, monosyllabic answers.
“Oh, yeah, we’re good. Fine. Awesome. Peachy.” Sam’s frown is practically audible over the phone line, and Dean probably should’ve stopped talking three adjectives ago. “Cas is here, too,” he says, already panicking.
“I miss you, too.” These are words they’ve said to each other before, and they feel right, comfortable, familiar. But what if, someday, those words aren’t enough anymore? What if a lie by omission really does cost him the thing he loves most in the world?
But that voice gets weaker and weaker as the day goes on. The fact is, Dean never called after. He hasn’t responded to Castiel’s text. The timing of his trip out of town could be a coincidence, but it doesn’t feel like one.
Cas nods. They sit and watch the screen, but Dean is more focused on the solid warmth in his arms. He lets himself fall into the comfort of it until he drifts off.
Castiel finds that he has quite a few questions, but only one that truly matters. “What are your expectations for the hours you want employees to keep?”
“More to the point,” Cas pipes up, and Dean glares at him, because he wasn’t done. “How do we get back?”
“He’s here with me,” Cas rumbles as he steps out from behind Dean, squinting at Vic, who has several inches on him. “I’m covering this story for the Baltimore Brain. What can you tell me about the victim?”
“Oh yeah?” Dean says, not raising his own gun, but also not relaxing out of his defensive stance. “How do we know
“Why—” Castiel starts, breathless, then gulps another deep inhale before he attempts to talk again. “Why do you ask?”
She hovers another few seconds, looking like she wants to say something else, possibly suggest a psych eval. But she seems to think better of it, retreating with a small smile and a, “Have a good night now.”
“Well, I guess that’s that,” he says, when he’s finally capable of forming words again. “I’d better go.”
But the end of the world will not wait for Castiel’s whims. It’s important to move fast — to stay one step ahead of God himself and his capricious sister. Perhaps, once this fight is done, there will be peace and rest for Castiel and his family.
Dean’s entire face goes slack when he gets a good look at Cas, blue eyes dark and questioning, searching his face for permission. “Is this OK?” Cas asks, his voice a bottomless rumble.
Once he’s adjusted, Dean opens his eyes to find Cas staring at him with naked awe, but also an undercurrent of worry. “I’m not hurting you, am I, Dean?”
“You really should get that coat. You’ve been drinking, and it’s close to freezing out here. Remember what happened—”
Dean tries to keep a straight face, he really does, but it’s a lost cause. He cackles. “Dude, I’m messing with you. It’s still just your intro speech, and then the test and the fight with me, and then your little closer.” Imitating Cas’ gravelly growl, Dean recites, “‘These undead abominations will never be allowed to roam free. Not while I’m around. I’m Castiel Krushnic, vampire hunter.’”
“Jack’s not actually mine. Not by blood, I mean,” Dean says. “I adopted him from foster care.” He blows out a breath, leaning both arms on the counter as if to steady himself. “I was married for a couple years when I was younger, about a decade ago. It didn’t work out, though. She wasn’t real interested in moving from DC to a tiny place like this, and we’d already been fighting because I wanted kids and she didn’t, so…” He trails off, shrugging. “After that, I tried dating a couple times, but the dating pool’s pretty shallow out here. Eventually, I kinda gave up on the idea that I’d have a family of my own.”
For someone whose brain is still struggling to pick up the pieces, it seems like a pretty accurate summation of their current situation.
“Great.” Dean looks up and down the sidewalk and, seeing no one, leans in to kiss Castiel softly on the lips. “There. Kinda needed that.”
Unsure of what to do with himself after the unmitigated disaster of the conversation with his mother, Castiel goes to bed. He lies in the darkness for a long time, a plan slowly forming in his head. What he and Claire need is some distance from the routines they’ve fallen into, and time to reconnect. The fear of parenting Claire without Amelia still scratches away at the back of Castiel’s mind, but he pushes it away. Being a stranger to Claire for the rest of her life seems far more terrifying.
“Go, Daddy, go!” Claire calls from the back seat, inherently excited for anything that involves a road trip and the word “Christmas.” It’s not actually Christmas yet, not for another two days, but the official Novak Christmas celebration was always held early, even when Castiel and his brothers were young, so that Naomi and Charles could invite as many business contacts as possible. Actual Christmas was, if anything, a low-key affair by Novak standards.
Except, no. Not nothing, exactly. There’s something inside him, like a hook caught in his chest, pulling him along. Not painful, but definitely… urgent.
He can hear the hopeful inflection at the end of his sentence, and he knows Cas hears it too when the corner of his mouth twitches a little.
“I just…” Cas starts, shrugs, tries again. “I don’t like people thinking of her that way. She’s not my mom, obviously. But she’s the closest thing to one.”
Dean’s being an ass and he knows it, but the city police department has a bad reputation for a reason. So he can’t help getting in a shot every once in a while, even though he’s sure that Jo is clean.
The last thing Castiel wants is for Sam to see him fall apart, which is something that is very clearly on the verge of happening, judging by the lump in his throat and the tremor in his hands.
ago, Dean. That’s all it took. I came to this crazy town, and because the people here cared about me and Claire, I found my way to the life I wanted, the person I wanted to be. But most of all, I found
Eventually, Cas does. His eyes are vivid with rage and, now that the adrenaline of the fight is presumably starting to dissipate, fear. “We’re trapped in here, Dean,” he croaks. “He’s never letting us go.”
Rubbing at the pizza grease coating his fingertips to buy time, he says, “My hands are a little dirty.”
“Well,” Donatello says, sounding only the vaguest bit apologetic. “You have to see things from my perspective. As mayor of the town, it falls to me to apprise our citizens of any significant new developments and discuss whether they’re in the town’s, ah, best interest.”
“Humanity in all its beauty, Cas,” Dean answers, grinning obnoxiously. Leftover unease from their earlier, interrupted conversation still simmers under his skin, but this isn’t the time for it. He needs to be focused on the hunt.
“Hey, Claire?” he says, running a hand through his daughter’s hair. Claire’s eyelids are already starting to sag, the excitement of the past few hours clearly catching up with her.
“Don’t flatter yourself,” Meg growls, but with a kiss to the top of his head and a squeeze of his shoulder, she departs to join the seething crowd of revelers.
Castiel takes advantage of the reprieve by settling down with Meg on the couch again, trying to focus on their conversation and resist the urge to drink the entire bottle of wine that’s sitting in one of the kitchen cabinets.
Bobby slams his fist on the desk, making Dean jump. “You think Lucio’s the kind of guy who’ll just let her go? Then you ain’t got an ounce of sense, boy. No matter how much money you and her make for him, he’ll
The argument is mostly sound until he calls his boss in Kansas and asks to take next week off. She’s not happy about the short notice, but she approves his request. The next morning, Castiel lets his two staff members in the Beijing office know that they might have to cope without him for a week.
“Whatever, jerk,” Sammy says, his annoyance obviously just as fake as Dean’s outrage. “I’ve got an event to cover for the paper in a little while. Just came by for some coffee to go.”
Which is why she’s dismayed when a man steps onto the bus and slides into the seat right next to her, crowding her. She looks up to reprimand him, but when her eyes meet his, fear stops the words in her throat.
Dean’s face heats up to roughly the temperature of a volcano mid-eruption. “Um,” he mumbles, feeling the need to do something, anything, to get away from the scene playing out in front of him. "I'll just go. Get something." He turns away from the bed, arms swinging awkwardly at his sides. What does he usually do with those? He can't seem to remember.
There’s more beer, and another round of shots, and by the time they stagger out of the Roadhouse, it must be well after midnight. When Castiel stumbles over a loose brick in the sidewalk, Dean puts an arm around his shoulders.
“I hope so,” Cas says quietly, looking down at the form in Dean’s hand. “That he’s happy, I mean. We get so little time together, I… I don’t always know.”
Mildred, clearly unbothered by the gentle reproof, stretches out her hand for Castiel to take. “Well, I’m so glad you’re choosing to stay with us, dear. It’s a little slow just now, so soon after the summer holidays and before the leaves have properly changed.”
“Am I too late?” The words are out of Dean’s mouth before he’s fully processed them, but he may as well go with it now. He scans Cas’ face, hoping his eyes are telling Cas all the things he wants to say, but can’t. Not here, under the flickering, fluorescent lights, with a fussy, older man clearing his throat noisily behind him.
Dean and Jack do eventually arrive, about ten minutes late. (Ten minutes that Castiel spent fretting that his earlier kiss somehow scared Dean off coming altogether, even though his rational mind is well aware that where life with small children is concerned, appointment times are vague guidelines at best.)
“But you mentioned just now that a lot of the… the monsters you used to hunt have vulnerabilities. Things that can hurt them.”
“Alright,” Castiel echoes mindlessly. Sam starts to walk to the door, but Castiel calls him back. “Sam?”
Cas is standing by the front door, one hand still on the light switch, his expression grim. Garth is sitting on the floor next to the shattered remains of Ketch’s former chair, looking just as stunned as Dean feels. There’s no trace of either Ketch or Mick.
Cas, who was frozen in place at being attacked with a kiss in the middle of a motel room at two in the afternoon, suddenly springs to life. With an appreciative hum, he raises his hand to the side of Dean’s face and pulls them closer again, meeting the kiss with gentle but insistent pressure.
Cas tries to pull away, but Missouri’s grip holds firm. “You’re a good man, I can tell. Please. Be careful.”
A helpless, half-hysterical laugh bubbles up Dean’s throat. “That’s actually the first thing you ever said to me.”
Cas sighs and resolves to shift his attention back to his brother, who has been acting extremely suspicious all evening. Gabe, as always, is playing next to Cas, whereas Charlie is almost all the way at the other end of the stage. Yet, Gabe has dashed over to her seat after each song so far, bending over to whisper in her ear. Every time, Charlie giggles and practically bounces with excitement at whatever Gabe is telling her, which Cas finds rather worrying.
“Well, you already said the doctor and the shrink found nothing wrong with you." Balthazar shrugs, the picture of innocence. “It didn’t seem
Dean chuckles softly and rubs at the back of his neck. “See, I wasn’t sure… honestly, I kinda thought you were straight. It’s part of why I never made a move. Well, that, and it’s unbelievably awkward to be shot down in a town where everybody’s bound to find out about it within an hour.”
Dean stops in his tracks and turns toward him. “No, I— you’re right. Fuck, we both handed in our theses today, so we gotta celebrate, right?”
“Great,” Dean says, tonelessly. Should he go for the pair with a bit of blood already painted on? He’d say it’s too cheesy, but “too cheesy” has never really been a deterrent on this show.
Cas smiles, shy and pleased, and that smile is what gives Dean the boost to reach for the waistband of his boxers and pull them down until he’s naked and exposed in front of his best friend. He barely manages to resist the urge to reach down and cover himself.
Cas nods and almost leans across Dean to get to his suit jacket, which is hanging on a hook next to his bed. But he thinks better of it. “It’s, uh. If you open the curtain right there behind you, it’s in my jacket. Inside pocket.”
The silence in the room is so absolute, Dean thinks he can hear the sound of a lonely cricket five miles away.
Dean shrugs and flicks his brother’s forehead, making the bangs swing. “Maybe I’m just tired of your face, bitch.”
It all starts when Castiel wakes up with a raging headache and a heart heavy with regrets. Not regrets about walking away from an ill-advised drunken hookup with Dean, exactly, but even with the memories of last night somewhat hazy, he can’t deny he probably could have done a better job extricating himself from the situation.
“It was a freaking snowball, Donatello,” Sam says from his accustomed seat to the right of the podium. “It’s hardly the end of the world.”
“I curse you, Dean Winchester,” she hisses, pointing a clawed finger at him. A tarnished silver ring with a cracked gemstone sits on that finger, like a bug perching on a withered branch. “Your beloved will forget your very existence.”
Dean looks after him, shaking his head fondly, before he turns to Castiel. “What do you say? You wanna join us at the diner for post-game analysis?”
Dean only has a couple of bags, so when they get home, he offers to help carry some of Cas’ shopping. It’s not exactly a hardship, because Cas’ apartment is right next to Dean’s own, at the end of the fourth-floor corridor.
“I’ve been told before,” Cas says, voice as cold as he can make it when those infuriatingly distracting freckles are right in front of his face.
Every single one of Dean’s nerve endings is still thrumming by the time he pulls into the parking garage at home.
Heart hammering in his chest, Castiel hits “send.” Perhaps he should have asked to be allowed to retrieve his personal effects, but all things considered, it doesn’t seem necessary. The only personal item he keeps at work is a picture of himself with Claire and Amelia, and he has another copy of that on his nightstand.
Sam surges forward, spilling a little of his beer on Dean’s shirt, but Dean can’t get himself to care when his brother’s arms are wrapped tight around his shoulders.
“We haven’t even left the station, and you’re already a wet blanket,” Charlie pouts and squeezes him harder than should be possible for someone that small in size.
Dean is in the driver’s seat of a 2012 Honda Accord with a V8 under the hood. According to his phone’s timer app, he arrived thirty seconds ago. Four minutes thirty to go.
“Right,” Charlie agrees. “So we were thinking, why don’t the four of us have ourselves a bit more of an adult activity?”
“C’mon, let’s look around,” Max says, grinning and still pulling Castiel by the hand. Castiel takes note of the drinks tables at either side of the room. There’s soda, water and lemonade only, but Castiel knows Max has a flask in his suit, as most people at the ball probably do.
“Piacere,” Dean echoes, and he thinks he’s grinning. Next to him, Cas looks like he just bit into a lemon slice.
Ketch slants his eyes at Dean, their brown sparkling with delighted malice. “When this town is mine and I’ve finished turning it into a feeding ground for my nest, beautiful Castiel here is going to reign at my side.” His expression darkens. “And there’s not a thing
“How does that help me?” Dean asks, his voice rising along with his impatience. “I’m trying to figure out how
While Dean works, occasionally pausing to shoo away Charlie and Eileen when they try to look over his shoulder, everyone else mingles. Castiel stays put in his seat. His attention is on Dean, and he completely misses Sam’s approach until the younger Winchester looms right next to him.
The front of his jeans feels uncomfortably tight, and he’s thrusting into and against any part of Cas he can reach. He can barely scrape enough brain cells together to undo his zipper over the hard line of his cock. It takes him an embarrassingly long time to realize he’s going to need both hands for that job, so he pulls back the one that had a death grip on Cas’ hip. But Cas presses closer again, taking hold of both of Dean’s wrists and pulling on them until Dean’s hands come to rest on two firm, round ass cheeks.
. Right there. Just like that, Dean.” Castiel reaches behind himself to wrap his arms around Dean’s neck and Dean steadies him with a hand on his chest as Castiel moves faster, chasing completion.
Bobby emerges from the office two minutes later with an older woman, her gray hair cut short and neat, and her cheerfully flower-patterned blouse a good match for her tinkling laugh.
“She just... she doesn't seem...” Cas looks down at his hands, watching them fidget with his phone, but Dean squats down to catch his eye again. His expression is determined, every line of his body angled to show that he’s taking charge of the situation. Cas wishes he had the words to say how much he appreciates it. Instead, he says, "She seems so sure of her story."
“Welcome back, horror fans,” Cas tells the camera, eyebrows furrowed grimly. “Did you know there are some people who don’t believe in vampires?” His voice is equal parts incredulity and disapproval. “Well, we’re about to prove them wrong. You’ve already met these two local businessmen—” he points an admonishing finger at Dean and Ketch in turn “—Dean Smith and Arthur Ketch, who are suspected of being the undead. Blood suckers. Monsters preying on the young and beautiful of our town. Tonight, we’ll discover the truth of the matter… together.”
Out of the corner of his eye, he watches Cas watch the motion, like a hawk intent on its prey. After a quick check for animals in the road, he drives just a little faster.
Dean nods, swallowing hard enough that the motion of his throat is visible even on a grainy camera image that’s traveled halfway around the world. Dean finally looks up, something desperately vulnerable in his eyes, and Castiel has never hated the distance between them more.
“Fine, whatever,” Dean mumbles, eyeing the bike with obvious reservations as Castiel jumps off and tilts the handlebars in Dean’s general direction.
“Fair, and completely pointless,” Garth says and, well, he isn’t wrong, but Castiel is not about to admit that out loud. Not when Dean is practically lit up with glee at the front of the room, thoroughly enjoying the commotion.
Finally, Cas turns. As Dean watches, one of his gorgeous blue eyes clouds up. His fingernails curl into talons, and his hair grows past his shoulders, streaks of gray threading through it. When he smiles, his teeth are mottled and jagged as gravestones, and suddenly he’s not Cas at all anymore.
In the innermost compartment, he keeps a picture: the one he took of Dean at Tombstone, in his cowboy hat. From the pocket of his coat, Castiel retrieves its match: the photograph of himself that he used to summon the crossroads demon. It's a little creased, but otherwise hasn't suffered from its brief sojourn underground.
A voice says “Dean” and he jolts awake. He thinks there was darkness before, but now there’s a room of solid stone, and a man before him in a knight’s armor, pinning him in place with his blue-eyed stare.
Cesar glances at Cas briefly before returning his attention to the empty doorway of the restaurant. “About a week ago. I was ready to report him missing after a couple days, but then I ran into him in the street. He… he seemed…”
“So here’s the thing. Lucifer might be gone, but I still feel like I can hear him in my head almost all the time, you know? He was with me for years. You don’t just walk away from that.”
“I’ll watch ‘em,” Garth calls from the other side of the diner. “I can get you references from all my babysitting clients. Mr. Fizzles is a big hit with everyone.”
Dean hums his agreement and moves in for another kiss, this one sweet and chaste. He gets up to dispose of the condom and grab a washcloth from the bathroom. When he walks back in and hands Cas the cloth, Cas mutters a quiet "thank you" but won't meet Dean's eye.
Hell or not, Castiel bristles at having his grief and suffering minimized by what is, at least in outward appearance, a small, balding businessman. “Dean is not meant to be here,” he says through gritted teeth. “He doesn’t belong in Hell.”
“I was,” Other Sam says, reaching up to push some of his hair behind his ear. It’s the same nervous tic Dean’s seen on his own Sam a thousand times. “But when I woke up here, Lucifer was just... gone.”
Annoyed, Castiel taps his fingers against the kitchen countertop. “It’s still none of your business. I’m going to pick up Jimmy now. Are you planning to spend any time with him today?”
Despite Cas’ best intentions, Dean’s voice is a magnet, and Cas may as well be composed of iron filings. His eyes lift, purely of their own volition, to center stage, where Dean is bending over his microphone, caressing it suggestively as he winks at the females in the audience. The song is, ostensibly, about a woman defending her lover, but the fact remains: it’s an ode to a man, sung by someone who has rarely left Cas’ thoughts since their first meeting.
“Oh, thank fuck.” Dean’s relief is obvious even through the closed door. “Got worried when you wouldn’t answer your damn phone. You mind letting me in? I need to talk to you.”
He watches as the head nudges at Dean’s entrance, listens to the rough, wanting sound tearing out of Dean’s throat at the sensation. He pushes gently, slowly, past the initial resistance, then slides inside inch by inch, watching Dean’s face for his reaction and trying not to be overcome by the warmth and tightness enveloping him.
Knowing Cas always locks the door when he’s home, Dean doesn’t even try the knob before he digs out his keys. When he’s finally gotten a hold of them with his still-shaking fingers, he immediately loses his grip. The keys drop on the concrete floor with a jarring clink of metal. Cursing, he stoops to pick them up.
It takes about twenty minutes to get the whole scene set up again, but eventually, Dean and Ketch are each tied to their chairs, with Mick hovering in the shadows just out of view.
Cas looks a little lost as he takes in the sad, bare landscape of his office. There’s really only a desk and a chair left, alongside an empty bookcase and filing cabinet. All his things are already packed up in boxes, ready to be picked up by movers and shipped back to Kansas.
But that question doesn’t have an answer — not a real one that can be promised. So Dean doesn’t ask. Instead, when his mom’s voice rings out from the sidewalk beyond, he brushes one last kiss against Cas’ lips and walks out of the shadow of the alley to meet his family.
The most fashionable resort in 1920s Palm Beach was called The Breakers, but the descriptions of the hotel in this fic are based on the
Castiel is at a loss as to how to answer. Is this complete stranger offering to invite them out for a meal? “Uh…” he tries. “I don’t really know—”
Cas hunches his shoulders against the icy breeze coming off the lake. “I still think we should have taken that Florida engagement Singer’s agency was offering.”
“Don’t scare away my customers, dude,” the woman behind the counter says, eyes sparkling with barely contained glee. “Despite what you might think, not everyone wants to be flirted with.”
Castiel feels the same stab of regret he does every time he’s reminded of what he’s lost. It’s strange, yearning for something he can’t remember having.
Castiel’s arms almost give out when he feels Dean’s mouth, wet and hot, on the small of his back, and then the flat of his tongue, trailing and teasing across his skin, but never dipping lower.
“Yeah, Cas, but it’s better if I don’t tell you where I am, just until I can figure out what the hell happened.” Another moment of silence. “Cas, I’m so…”
They end up having lunch at the diner, and it turns out that Benny’s talents in the kitchen extend not just to breakfast food, but also to burgers and crab cakes.
Cas huffs. “It’s not that easy. I know myself, Dean.” After another beat of silence, he adds, “I need someone to keep an eye on me.”
“You know, Claire,” he says, “you probably don’t remember going across that bridge before, but it’s really something. It has two different spans, and they’re each almost five miles long. I always thought driving across it felt a little like flying over the water.”
“Dean,” Cas says, trying hard to suppress the undertone of impatience in his voice, but Dean knows him too well. He can tell it’s there. “C’mon, think about this. If there’s the first sign that we’re in over our head, you can leave, and I’ll be right behind you. But…” Cas’ eyes flick to Sam, and he nods, like he’s confirming something to himself. “But I believe Sam when he says he isn’t possessed anymore, because whatever the hell happened here, I think it did something to me too.”
Most of all, for Cas. Dean knows Cas came along because he was scared to stay alone at the bunker, even though Dean hid all those pain meds and never told Cas where. But Cas is worried that if he’s left by himself, he’ll go looking for them, or just go out and buy more.
Dean lies back and lets Cas slot himself between his knees. Cas lines himself up with Dean’s hole and, with an agonizingly slow movement, slides inside, inch by inch. Cas’ breath is coming faster now, a drawn-out, ragged moan escaping him.
It takes another week for anything more than kissing to happen. Despite the ever-present ticking of the clock that’s running out their limited time together, Cas insists on taking things slow.
Staring at his own feet is easier than seeing Cas’ face twist into that half-sincere expression of pity people tend to get, on the rare occasions when Dean talks about his family’s sob story. “Anyway, when I was a senior in high school, he wrapped his car around a tree. Mom used the life insurance payout to get the car fixed up and gave it to me as a graduation present. The rest went into savings for my college tuition, so here I am.”
Before long, John lost his job at the port. Bobby came through for the family again, using his union connections to get him another gig, this time at the GM plant just outside the city. But it soon became clear that John wouldn’t be able to hold down any kind of steady employment anymore, and money got to be tight.
The pie tins are already filled, standing ready on the kitchen table, but Dean has two other sets of dough rolled out flat on the counter. He’s standing in front of one of them, holding down a sheet of parchment paper that has the letters “C-L-A-I-R-E” drawn on it, like a cookie-cutter template. Jack and Claire perch on chairs on either side of him, Claire tracing the letters carefully against the raw pastry dough with the tip of a pencil.
As if the fangs and the monkey suit and the idea of being on camera weren’t all sufficiently humiliating, Dean got stuck giving Cas a ride to Ketch’s house. Apparently, Cas’ old Continental finally crapped out on him, and Garth can’t take him because he’s schlepping all the camera equipment. (They’re really just taking the one handheld camera though, and Garth drives a minivan, so Dean is extremely suspicious of that particular excuse.)
Cas swallows down his slight disappointment at finding out that Dean is not, after all, asking for a date. “Oh. The woman who died in Old Goucher?”
Cas leans forward as well, which puts his face only a couple of inches from Dean’s. “Are you serious? Any connection to Meg?”
. And, according to Mildred, you’ve been known to clean rooms at times,” she adds, looking as though this news physically pains her.
Dean nods, that fierce, determined glint in his eyes again, and gets up, pulling Castiel along to the bedroom. Castiel never bothered to put his clothes back on, so there’s nothing to do but pull down Dean’s boxer briefs before they fall into bed together.
Dean doesn’t mean to scoff, but it comes out anyway. Ever since he and Nick broke up, he’s gotten about a hundred less-than-sincere versions of “there’s no guarantee, even with soulmates” or “at least you had some good years together, right?”
There’s another couch at a right angle from where Jimmy has settled, and Castiel sinks into it, waiting for Dean to join him. Dean sits, letting his head slump against the wall, but leaving several respectable inches of space between them.
The town meeting lets out forty-five minutes later. When Castiel walks home, it’s with one hand holding Claire’s, and the other clutching a list with contact information for more than a dozen potential clients.
Whether you've been here from the beginning, joined halfway through or found this months after the fact, I really appreciate you reading!
There’s no reason to suspect Crowley has people tracking his movements, but he can’t afford to make mistakes. When Meg told him they’d be discussing the details of the job at the lake in MacArthur Park, Dean almost refused to go, until he considered the merits of the location. The lake is out in the open, sure, but it’s so open that no one could possibly hide while still staying in earshot of a conversation. At the same time, it’s a popular neighborhood spot. Dean could have been there for any of a dozen reasons, with no intention of meeting anyone — let alone Nick.
Cas is at his computer, typing away, but pales when Dean walks in. “Holy shit, what happened to you?”
Behind him, he hears the squeal and huff of overtaxed air brakes as the truck swerves to avoid the Mustang. The Mustang’s tires screech, the driver losing control as he tries and fails to come to a full stop. The car skids onto the gravel shoulder, then up the cliff side, two wheels riding up at an impossible angle.
“Thanks, Benny. Sorry,” he says, a little flustered, as he shovels the patties onto the plate set aside for them.
“You have to drink some to help your stomach,” Betty says, putting one of the shots in front of him. “There’s an expression for that in English, right?”
Garth rejoins the fray, and with a combined effort of tugging and shoving, they manage to dislodge Mick and hold him down.
There’s an unpleasant taste in Dean’s mouth, entirely unrelated to the remembered one of salty cherry pie.
When the suitcase opens, the light that suffuses Sergei’s face and the wall at his back isn’t golden. It’s instead a deep, unearthly blue, oscillating and twisting and throwing bizarre patterns across the smooth, round lines of Sergei’s cheeks and forehead. Next to Castiel, Sam gasps.
Cas rolls his eyes in response to Dean’s sass, but says, “I’m not certain. I was in my room and suddenly lost consciousness. When I came to, I found myself in a bedroom on the ground floor of this house.”
Two days later, Garth rings the doorbell when he stops by to deliver Castiel’s mail and hands Castiel a portfolio filled with references from happy parents, alongside pictures of Garth in a clown costume, making balloon flamingos and butterflies for delighted crowds of children. (Castiel’s knee-jerk excuse about needing to check with Andrea before he makes any kind of commitment deflates when Garth points out that Andrea’s testimonial is one of the more enthusiastic ones in his portfolio — a surprisingly high bar to clear.)
Dean doesn’t mind the walk, or the idea that someone could be waiting to jump him from behind one of the concrete pillars. Growing up, a lot of guys thought the boy with the pretty face made an easy target. Dean taught them differently.
“Why don’t we take them along?” At Dean’s surprised look, Castiel hurries to add, “Not for every date, obviously, but Claire and Jack are a part of our lives. It’s important that the two of us fit together, but it’s just as important that the four of us do.”
“And when we get out?” Fueled by the sheer nuttiness of the situation, Dean can’t seem to stop the words from spilling out. “We’re going on a date.”
Castiel glares back and forth between them both. “Meg. Apologize for casting aspersions on Dean’s mashed potatoes,” he says, in a tone he hopes brooks no argument. It seems to work on Claire about eighty percent of the time. When Meg still looks mutinous, he adds, “Apologize, or I’m never inviting you to another movie night at my house.”
Just as they did the last time they cooked together, they move easily around each other in the kitchen. Except this time, Castiel makes a conscious effort to touch any time an opportunity presents itself: a hand on Dean’s elbow to move him to the right. A brush of their arms as they work on prepping ingredients side by side. With every touch, Dean’s shoulders seem to lose some of their tension, and his smiles come more and more easily.
“Sorry to hear that,” Charlie chimes in from where she’s cleaning one of the coffee makers at the far end of the bar. “If you ever wanna escape again, we’re here for you.”
As a result, he’s still awake when Dean emerges, pink-cheeked, wearing pajama pants and a sleeveless white undershirt that does absolutely nothing to conceal the constellation of freckles across his shoulders. Silently, but emphatically, Cas curses every single one of them.
Dean’s voice is beautiful — deep, soft and heavy with feeling. Castiel vaguely recognizes the tune as an Ella Fitzgerald song, but he has a hard time believing that he would enjoy any other rendition as much as this one.
“I should be apologizing to you,” Cas says, his tone an unusual blend of formality and warmth. “Dean and I left rather quickly. It was impolite after you offered us hospitality.”
There is a little bit of awkwardness while everyone gets settled, but the four of them quickly fall into a routine of putting on pajamas, brushing teeth and reading stories. It’s incredible how easily they all seem to fit together — seamless, almost.
Mercifully, Cas wanders in shortly after. Bleary-eyed, he curls up on the couch next to Dean, and they both sit and doze until the sun starts peeking in through the window.
Dean takes him in. He’s seen Cas in jeans a lot, but never in flannel. It’s a good look for him. “Coulda worn the ones from Sam’s room.”
“Are we all back to normal now, Billie? Is everyone back in their own universe?” Jack asks, but the room is empty apart from the four of them. Damn cosmic entities and their inability to say a proper goodbye.
Earlier that day, he ditched the blood-spattered Camry in an empty lot by the side of the highway, then called a cab to take him into town, where he had his Baby stashed in a municipal parking lot. The throaty purr of her engine as he rides back downtown makes him feel marginally calmer.
Relief sweeps through Dean on a wave so powerful, it almost knocks him off his feet. “Yeah, I’ve got it. Listen, I don’t want it. If you just tell me a time and a place, I’ll—”
“It’s from—” Castiel tries, but breaks off, too focused on tracing the curling outlines of the words —
Dean doesn’t miss the way the woman’s eyes fix on Cas and study him intently before sliding back to him. “Good to meet you, Dean Winchester,” she says, her voice soft, but tinged with the kind of weariness that comes from past grief. “I’m Missouri Moseley.”
Castiel snorts. “It’d take an apocalypse to take the Roadhouse down, and I’m not sure even that would do it, considering how many of the regulars have nuclear shelters in their backyards.”
They transfer Cas’ shopping to Baby’s trunk, then wait together for Bobby to arrive. It takes more than half an hour, and Cas keeps fussing about wasting Dean’s time, which Dean does his best to discourage. It’s not like he had any big plans for the night.
"Not sure I'm feeling that optimistic about her chances, or ours," Dean growls as he levers himself off the floor with a groan. Cas tries to cup one of his elbows for support, but Dean shakes him off. He's shown enough weakness for one night. "The shifter's killed at least two people already, and I doubt she'll come quietly if we track her down."
My next WIP is going to be a screwball comedy AU with musicians Dean and Cas on the run from gangsters at a Florida resort.
“I didn’t know you were coming to visit!” Claire says, grinning up at her grandmother. “Come on, I’ll show you my room!” With that, Claire pulls Naomi into the house, leaving Castiel to gape after them.
Cas tries to stand, but sinks down again immediately, grimacing. “Shit. I think I cracked a rib or something.”
The bubbles explode, one by one, in agonizing slow motion, when Dean raises his free hand to Castiel’s hip, stroking a gentle finger across the jut of bone there.
“Nope,” Dean says, waving cheerfully at Garth, who’s just walked in. “He refused to let Sam shop at his store for two months after. Backed off the permit idea though.”
Dean leans in for another kiss. It’s nothing like the last one — it’s a slow, careful thing, suffused with tenderness and reassurance. When Dean pulls back, there’s a small, shy smile on his face.
Castiel scowls at her, even knowing that a) Betty will not be cowed and b) it’s not actually her fault that he did an incredibly stupid thing. At least in theory, he’s supposed to be an adult of sound mind, capable of making his own decisions.
“And you’re still here,” Dean says. There’s something proud, almost awed, in his voice. “You and Gabe are using the skills you’ve got and earning your own keep. Good for you, Cas.”
Dean bites the inside of his cheek, trying to think of what to say. He can’t even imagine what it’d be like, not to have his mom around. Yeah, she’s annoying sometimes, but he loves her.
All at once, Castiel’s body feels too small to contain the warmth spreading through his chest and all the way to his fingertips, so he pours it into Dean instead. It’s not their most passionate kiss, nor their longest. But it’s the one that carries a certainty within it: that what is between them is here to stay.
As Castiel and Claire say their goodbyes and walk out through the diner’s front door, however, Charlie trails along behind them. “Don’t mind me,” she says cheerfully. “I’m just heading over to Bobby’s store. I have to talk to him about something.” She looks between Castiel and Claire. “You guys feel like coming?”
“Works wonders,” Amara says, nodding as she spoons a big pile of the vegetables onto Dean’s plate. Dean pokes at them with his fork, still not sure.
“Ain’t no skin off my back,” Bobby says, shrugging. “Is that what all the fuss was about, comin’ here in the first place?”
for the best.” Her eyes unfocus for a moment and her forehead creases, as though in memory of an unpleasant event, but then her face resumes its previous, quietly cheerful expression. “I only came back because I realized I’d forgotten to leave the recipe Dean asked for, the one for the Rice Krispie treats, and then… well… I saw the remains of that pitiful cake in the kitchen, and I couldn’t resist whipping up another one before I left again. Those boys do love their cake, don’t they? Especially Dean.”
“Me too,” Cas croaks, punctuating the words with a particularly forceful thrust. “Dean, if you don’t want me to… tell me, if…”
Blowing out a tired breath through his nose, he turns to the driver. His hands shake a little with residual adrenaline as he points to the paper with Cas’ address on it, praying that Cas didn’t get one of the Chinese characters wrong or something.
Cas shrugs, but that second corner is joining the first one now, forming a full-blown smile. It’s shy, but it’s there.
Thoroughly unsettled, Castiel simply nodded along when Rowena advised them to go visit the woman who cast the curse immediately. He let Rowena practically push him and Dean out of her shop, and it didn’t occur to him until they were halfway to the car that he never even offered to pay Rowena for her services.
They head outside, just in time to see an ancient green Fiat putter up the unpaved road that leads to the cottage. Dean’s dad has taught him a thing or two about cars, but he doesn’t need any kind of special knowledge to know this one isn’t going to last much longer. The engine misfires twice as they watch, and each time, the exhaust belches black smoke.
“Sounds good,” Dean says, a bright grin lighting up his face. For the first time, Castiel notices that it’s a very nice face indeed. Freckled, and somehow boyish despite the deep lines around Dean’s eyes and mouth. “I’ll see you inside, uh—”
There are usually a few customers, just enough to keep busy, but not enough to be stressful. Tonight is especially quiet, no more than three night owls hogging seats at the long bar, with its chrome edges and cheaply upholstered stools.
As soon as Adler wraps up his sanctimonious speech (“there will be no violations of curfew,” “I will not abide hanky panky between members of the band,” etc. etc.), followed by a much more agreeable one from Donna, Dean slinks off.
“Nothing,” Dean says flatly. “I’m sorry, too, I guess.” He turns on his heel and leaves the pantry without another glance at either Castiel or Meg.
Castiel is helpless to do anything other than return that grin. “You know very well that it was. You’re fishing for compliments.”
Dean goes to the kitchen and grabs another beer while he thinks, trying to put himself into Cas’ mindset.
After a deep breath in and another one out, Dean turns off the TV. He has no idea what he was trying to watch anyway. Over his shoulder, he calls, “Garth!”
"There just haven't been enough live births to fill the beds," the nurse said, a little curt, and if Castiel could read this human right, then it seemed like she was also a little guarded. "I'm sorry, do you want to talk to my clinical manager or your wife's attending physician?"
He played the mixtape again from the beginning, listening to it and letting the music settle him into his bones, the way his small stint as a demon hadn't.
“It’s done,” Castiel croons before turning to the sleeping Warlord Prince. “Come, we must bring Prince Winchester home.”
"Look, that means jack-squat right now if we can't get up to seventh heaven without Meta-troll finding out," Dean reminded Castiel, looking into the words. Knowing Dean, it would take concrete proof before he even thought about himself being the man of the prophecy.
“I dunno. I was able to push the shields back, so maybe I can make a tunnel all the way to the communal eyrie,” Dean suggests instead. “There are more able-bodied males there, and we could fight them off without having to drain my Jewels.”
“Goddamnit, I knew you weren’t as out of touch as you were pretending to be!” Dean grumbles, making quick work of their clothes, discarding them in a pile that is messier than Castiel’s own.
(I wanted to add Take me Home, Country Roads... but... it was a 1997 song. I guess it's a  BONUS track then XD)
"Just to simplify things so all non-angels present can understand," Gabriel paused looking meaningfully at Kevin, "my grace fuels the flow between the treasury and the babies. It does all that work for me
Here, Dean didn't even know if it had been hours, days or years. There were no markers that he could rely on at all, not even mealtimes because he didn't need to eat. Not to mention the time velocity conundrum.
Charis stepped behind Dean, peeking out from behind his back and watching Lucifer intently. There was a soft tremble in the hand that gripped Dean's shirt, followed by an insistent tug for Dean to move away from the lights that were the Cage. Dean wasn't sure if he was all right with being a shield to an unknown entity running freely in Heaven.
Thankfully for Castiel, it only takes Balthazar a few seconds to come, despite the Ring of Obedience.
“You and your bus obsession. We talked about this. Those are contortionist seats. People die in those things. I’ll drive you to Los Angeles. Stop trying to leave me.” Dean stepped back and wiped Castiel’s cheeks with his thumb. “I’m sorry, sweetheart, I… Sam just means so much to me, has been my whole world for so long, there didn’t seem to be a point to wanting anything else.”
or Requiem Æternam which requests for God to grant eternal rest to souls, let perpetual light shine upon them, and let the souls rest in peace. It asks God to bring souls in Purgatory to Heaven.
Dean would admire the view more if he didn't hate heights. The treetops that litter the landscape below his feet suggest that they are far above the ground.
Castiel nodded then turned, probably to speak to Balthazar, his lips in a slight grimace to discover he was gone. If Castiel were Dean’s, he’d never leave him alone. The band on his chest loosed slightly. Being with Castiel had always been easy.
After driving into the early morning, Dean had announced that the next stop would be their last before they settled for the day in a city in Ohio.
When Castiel still had grace, the Cage had looked like a monstrous thing: built with light and sound and power and will. It was something that angels had rarely touched, and was guarded with the strictest of confidences. In Raki'a they had stood as silent guards, because Lucifer's power was strong even behind its locked doors.
“I’m sure,” Dean croaked. He cleared his throat and tried again. “Go, go. I need to take a long shower, anyway. The moose will probably be back soon. He went sightseeing, ‘cuz he needed some time to himself.”
