From the tension in his voice I could tell there was a minefield here, and I had to ask for guidance in picking my through it.
Not having had any notice of their arrival, we were caught wrong-footed on the question of names. We tried on dozens of them, but each name we tried, the pups shrugged off after a couple of minutes.
, too evidently and too intensely; perhaps we love most what we can’t have. Losing you over and over has defeated me. Cocaine dulled the worst of it, but is not exactly sustainable.
This went on for a couple of weeks. The post-its kept disappearing, almost as soon as I had placed them.
“Pot. Kettle.” Ah, so original and articulate, I hear him think. So why do I fascinate him—and how can that be true?
I ask for your willing suspension of disbelief, if you please, because no responsible animal shelter would
Not wrong this time, Donovan. He reached for his own mobile again, found his last text thread with John, opened it to reply. Sunday: he’d most likely be at home with Watson.
It was also kind of endearing how target-fixated he was about getting home. We never went out for a drink after; he always wanted to get back to the object of his affection.
moves, and I know now that he hates to look ridiculous. Hates it more than physical pain. (Which is weird when you think about it; you can always revise someone’s opinion of you, but you can’t retroactively remove pain.)
He insisted on doing most of the organising, and since Venice is one of the most internet- and anglophone-friendly of Italian cities, I left him to it. My one request was a hotel a bit off the tourist route, for example somewhere in the Dorsoduro district. Picturesque, but not overwhelmed with tourists—if that was even possible, during the run-up to Carnevale.
They wouldn't want to live always in such isolation, but in the winter light, when time cracks open, there are always—only—two of them.
Those leaden autumn days had dragged by but time played tricks nonetheless, speeding up or fracturing into discontinuous chunks. He’d found himself thinking,
Her hand still lay on my arm, even as I was patently turning to leave the surgery. Was she seriously still refusing to take no for an answer?
Tactfully he’s backed away from my oafish comparison. Good sexual etiquette? Eagerness to avoid a pitfall? Whatever it was, I’m grateful. I don’t want a third person there with us, even if I conjured him myself.
Watson was mostly downstairs with Mrs Hudson and the temporary nanny, but when she came up to 221B all other activity ceased for half an hour. The shift of focus was, unexpectedly, advantageous for clarity. Sherlock knew that it only worked because John timed those two or three daily visits very carefully.
“You going to see him again? Seems a long way for him to come, for just a concert and a quick drink after.”
collection. It's a buffet: each writer's posted a one-shot ficlet (say, 500–5000) words that serves as their calling-card. 90 ficlets (90 writers) in the collection so far, many I am
“Oh, right, because it certainly couldn’t be talking to you. Despite the fact that you’re married to me, and I am—when last I checked—a man.”
It had been good to get back to The Work. Indeed, it had been a lifesaver after the weary parade of days spent mostly inactive and alone. Autumn in a minor key, neither energised nor settled, without event or variation. Plodding. It had been ... endless.
By now he’d been joined by one of the three pedestrians, a young woman with, he presumed, a strong stomach, as she didn’t look away from the ruin before them. Without looking at the newcomer he murmured, “Touch her face.” He hadn’t finished before the girl was on it, stroking gently and murmuring.
his way. Sherlock gulps it gratefully and smiles, that gorgeous genuine smile that utterly changes him, makes him not just human but warm. It isn’t for everyone, that smile, but it's for John, and tonight only for John.
Later when I woke up and Sherlock wasn’t there—again—I sighed and stretched, and tried not to feel hard done by. He’d been honest about his solitary habits, his preference for privacy. When we were together, after all, he was fully present, a curious and attentive lover, and without question a giving one. He did try; and when he was tired out with trying, he left the bed to be on his own. It wasn’t personal, however personal it felt to wake up alone and know that I wasn’t welcome to go up and join him in the exposed rooftop bedroom.
; but when it comes to this kind of self-sabotage, apparently I’m not the only slow learner in 221B.
coalesced into a rushing murmur like water. Behind my closed eyelids a strange kaleidoscope began to circle, coloured patterns wheeling slowly around a fixed point like an astronomical model, and the fixed point was John, but John was everywhere, beside me and above and around and inside.
Sherlock rapped out, “The other two tattoos—one’s a girlfriend’s name, but the other’s more interesting. Recent, and I’ve seen it associated with a human trafficking organization.”
“Nothing specific. Just a kind of puppy-dog admiration. I could hardly blame him, I feel the same, most days.” There. It was out. Sherlock would assume he was joking and laugh, and he’d laugh himself, and they’d be back to their usual footing.
Do please keep adding your recommendations for favorite Reichenfixits in the comments box. A URL is a blessing, and saves us all time; but fic recs are oxygen with or without them (and self-recs are champagne, and fic reviews are ice cream).
Eventually we do leave the hotel, late for lunch even by Italian standards. We try the legendary “Diana” and agree it deserves its reputation; Sherlock eats enough to make up for his absurd mini-croissant, though not enough to compete with me.
“So do you, apparently, I don’t call that concentrating. —There, that’s my last blond hair gone grey.”
part of it planned out in detail. There were so many other details to organise, I just piled on the romantic songs and hoped for the best.”
Or, in this case, lunch. They slept far later than usual, and showering together did not save them nearly as much time as one might have thought. By 1:30 they were tucking in to an enormous fry-up that made no pretense of being healthy.
“I’d been identifying a weak link to approach—a man with a pressure point I could exploit. Thought I’d found the perfect one: Luka Miletić, who’d been a sniper in the Serbian irregulars operating in Kosovo. I wanted to have it all in place before I brought in back-up.”
Happy new year to all, whenever in the world you read this--a healthy and happy new year for everyone isn't that much to ask, surely? There must be a lot of good luck stored up in the cosmic warehouses that wasn’t used in 2020. May it be distributed lavishly now.
. Charlotte Gordon arranged a weekly dance lesson at her local studio—low pressure, modest cost. Two PCs offered to do themed table decorations, which struck me as overkill, but they were so eager. Now that the event wasn’t an unknown anymore, Holmes’ assistants decided to organise an online signup in advance.
“And it certainly worked out well for ... us.” John isn’t losing his. He can kiss and talk at the same time. Perhaps a matter of practice.
In this exile, I did some things that made life harder for myself. I’d never tell John. If he asked, I’d lie. I went to London, once. I called his number, more than once, because if I was going to die, I had to hear him say “hello” at least one more time.
hard, but please. Understand that she didn’t have time to suffer, she—went very quickly, and she went hearing your voice, the voice of the person she loved most in all the world. We could all wish that for ourselves, surely.”
I’ve woken up unable to remember why my hair was so long. Looking about me for my room in Baker Street, unable to make it overlay onto the present surroundings.
A soldier talking to his dead mate—how much closer could you get? Saying the words out loud, no matter how indirectly and no matter to whom, felt better than living in this muted grey round of solitary grief.
He sighed again. “But you’d already told me that. In your best man’s speech. I remember every word of it. And on the tarmac, you said it was something you'd always meant to say.”
Sherlock had always treated my morgue at Bart’s as his own, a second office or lab when he wanted one. I used to hope it was because he was interested in me, but even I couldn’t deceive myself for long. Then I thought it was because he was comfortable with me, until I realised I was the only one of us who talked openly. He listened, though. Still, from all the time we’d spent together I thought I knew him fairly well. But he could always surprise me.
Back in our room we showered separately; I’d forgotten how tiny a one-square-metre shower is, and banged my elbows on it repeatedly. While he was showering I opened our case and saw those damned pyjamas. He’d brought the fucking things with us. On impulse I chucked them out of the window, and assumed they’d fall into the canal.
John had come trailing in just after five, looking more ropy than I’d seen him in awhile. Long surgery. Low sleep. Long morning run. After I’d catalogued the pouches under his eyes, slumped shoulders, and a distinct whiff of stress sweat, it was even harder to broach the subject.
She was endlessly patient with him when he couldn’t sleep or concentrate. She was understanding when he announced he’d be taking a month’s leave from the surgery to go in search of his—friend. Without her.
Ten minutes in, his head snapped around almost painfully and he lunged for the radio to crank up the volume.
“When in Rome, Signora Zanardi. I was merely trying to respect both facets of Roberto’s upbringing. I’m sorry if I’ve got us off on the wrong foot, but it’s really for him to decide whether or not I make him happy. If I do, then you should be happy too.”
But he drew me into the guest room—should have known he’d be sensitive to my reluctance to go anywhere near their bed. He’d already laid out towels (birch) for me; he showed me to the shower, then went in to undress and get into bed. I hadn’t showered alone from the morning after he got to Bologna. I wondered whether this meant that we were going to be more circumspect, in this house and with Watson asleep next door.
He seemed on board with that, having sped past sleepy and pliant minutes ago, and clearly aching for me to
John was there, encouraging, running interference, occasionally consoling even before Sherlock knew he needed solace. And it was John—conductor of light—who put together two entirely unrelated pieces of data and asked,
This was fine, he thought. Roberto’s knee touching his left thigh was good, really. Wrist, thigh. His focus narrowed to these points of contact. Not too much; not too intrusive. Enough for confirmation, consolation. Nothing demanding. Just comfortable contiguity. He could handle it.
He’s competent at most dance styles, but ballet and ballroom are his forte. His reserve never melts enough for some of the more popular, or ethnic, or (ahem)
He didn’t play you—you knew Holmes was for real. I wish I’d listened to you. We thought—I thought—you couldn’t be impartial about him because you were—.” She huffs and suspends her sentence.
Thanks again to everyone who inspired and incubated and beta'ed (Anyawen), and read, and recommended, and commented on this fic. Thank you, Podfixx, for podding it--it does seem ungracious to ask you to do
I considered replacing the promised smut with scenes of John and Sherlock reading to each other—long chapters from
Drying his face and hair with a hand towel gave him cover as he looked round. He slewed around and spotted Ash’s family—nothing off there. Checked on the other musicians—all predictably secluding themselves, hydrating, bracing themselves for the second set. The place was heaving, so even with the lights up he couldn’t see even half the punters.
I wished we had something to drink. Oh, well, if this first conversation went well we could always have an aperitivo before dinner.
My Advent Ficlet Challenge 2019 series, "Winter Light," is a series of semi-detached codas to "Drawn to Stars." It revisits a loose end or two, such as the surveillance photos John saw, and gives a peek into a few December moments after John and Sherlock return to 221B.
Thanks to the Fic Writers Retreat 2019 members who told me that Ch. 5 and 6 were flat-out necessary. They were right.
—videos, podfics, art, meta, handwork, gifs, beta, rec lists, photo edits, moodboards, and all the other things that keep us sustained—well I'd love self-recs of those too, because I'm insatiable. No pressure. Just sayin'.
Now he knew he was wrong on both counts. And somehow he had to find Sherlock and make it right, whatever it took.
It was like nothing I’d ever felt before. Every nerve in my body was alight and I actually groaned when his knee pushed my thighs apart. I registered the sensation of leaning slightly up to kiss him, then thrust away the memory of fantasies of kissing John this same way, leaning down. I knew what I did to Roberto, scrambling his brain in the most gratifying fashion, but I’d never expected him to have the same effect on me.
I had to get ready for work, so since I couldn’t curl up around a lanky, sleepy, gorgeous man, I rolled out of bed and went to shower. The hot water was very welcome, sluicing off the stickiness of sweat and ejaculate, leaving me feeling energised and optimistic. It wasn’t just a question of ask and have, my father always said. You have to court a partner, he’d said: to all of us, all his sons, without distinction. One morning, shortly after Sherlock arrived, I was thinking as I made the coffee of what would court him.
He lifted Roberto’s arm, dead weight as it was, from his waist. But something in Roberto’s very stillness told that him that they were both awake, now. Another spike of anguish.
.” My voice was tight and I imagined Mycroft knew very well the real reason I didn’t want to see any more.
I imagined caressing John’s weary face, feeling the slight stubble on his chin and cheek, rubbing my thumb against the corner of his mouth. That I could do all of this was almost enough to distract me from his narrative. But this required an answer.
We’d tried to balance those with spontaneity and the cheerful brand of chaos that's always inspired Watson’s creativity.
“Just—wow him with your dancing? Woo him with meaningful glances across a crowded room? Worry him with the possibility of a rival?”
“No, Holmes, you may not dress me. I know what I’m doing, thank you very much. No, not my hair, either.”
That Christmas she surprised us with a gift so uncharacteristic that it can only have been suggested to her by her latest heart-throb, a girl this time. Katie’s shamelessly explicit sense of humour was both disconcerting and winning, and I could easily imagine the scene when the girls picked out what we were busy unwrapping on Christmas Eve.
It was sickening, and I felt the pit of my stomach sink through the floor. But if you love someone you want them to be happy, and I truly did want something to make Sherlock shine again. It’d been so long since I’d seen him laugh, smile, the way he used to, before he faked his death and went away. Because John never forgave him for that, and punished him for it for years. Used me to hurt him, too. Or so it seemed to me.
"See? They say wrong, then. The more is definitely not the merrier." He sounds almost smug as he carries his point.
At this, he actually seemed to go pale. “I won’t detain you, then. My boss may be contacting you about ... but I’ll not be involved.”
As I’m hectoring him, needling him, he’s writhing and cursing, trying to trip me with his right foot. Moron. I push his arm so far up his back that another half centimetre would dislocate his shoulder. I tell him so.
Maybe I’m not supposed to reason it out, though. Maybe I’m supposed to listen. Listen to John and not talk over him, or talk down to him. But how can I listen if he won’t talk?
They were eight-week-old litter mates, closely bonded, and they reached us nameless. They were plump and fuzzy, various colours of brown, and so different in personality that we each of us bonded quickly with one of them. I invite no commentary on the fact that I adopted the flashy, bouncy one and Sherlock the smaller, quieter, vigilant one.
to the list. After that night early on when he told me his fantasies about us together, what he wanted—after that it was something we did and felt, not something we practised or discussed. Shared, not studied.
He and John had packed up the hellhounds—lanky young adults now—and taken the back roads, to let them run off lead here and there. They were excellently behaved dogs, which was Sherlock’s doing. After the Great Blanket Massacre, he took them to the canine equivalent of military academy and kept them in training until they were more or less bombproof.
“No. The man on the phone did, though. He kept saying ‘I love you,’ and he called the victim Heather, after calling her Erica before. I told you that yesterday. She died very shortly after.”
For so long I’d been desperately, despairingly jealous of Mary, and this description of her role in his life was a balm on a wound. But it wasn’t only Mary I’d been jealous of. “Were you seeing someone else in the autumn? Is that why you were never available?”
Sherlock surprised me. Again. With neither ostentation nor complaint he brought in a table-sized tree to delight Rosie. It quickly became her favourite thing in the sitting room—well, excepting only the mirror (now wreathed in twinkle lights) that reflected her and her Ba. He tuned in to a station of rather sedate Christmas carols and hymns, and to my frown said only, “Watson seems to like this one best.”
It was a little too easy, making John’s mouth water, and I relished it whenever I could justify doing it. Not too often. I didn’t want to destabilise things by making John face what he wasn’t yet ready to face. When he eventually
John shifted around to see Ciaran, standing a bit stiff but smiling at a song that must have said something to him. The kids had shot up; they spotted John in the half-dark and waved, trying to look nonchalant. Christy was sixteen and Maire fourteen, last seen at thirteen and eleven, and John felt a tug at his heart that he’d missed so much of their growing up. His video chats with Ciaran hadn’t given him a sense of their height—Ash was by far the smallest of her family now.
I wasted exactly no time wondering whose body it was I had seen on the pavement, and little time wondering how it had got there. All I cared about was that he was alive again.
Some nights the nightmares shifted in and out, seamless, the scenes intact as he’d lived them, each following on the last until it was his own galloping heart to wake him.
This was frankly a relief. The companionship we’ve always had is precious to me. I hated being jealous but it was inevitable, and I probed it like a sore tooth, looking for areas in which Zanardi was more compatible with Sherlock than I was. “Is there something he does that you wish I did? Something about him you love more than the way I am?”
Chapter title from David Crosby's "Delta": "Fast-flowing rivers / of choice and chance / and time stops here / on the delta / while they dance"
answer I gave John that first night at Angelo’s. Because I was rattled, because I was afraid of what I felt, afraid that the intensity of it would scare John off. I couldn’t answer so instead I kissed him, breaking off to trace his mouth with my hand, slipping two fingers inside, melting as he sucked at them. At this rate we’d never finish with my questions.
And he could multitask without effort, bringing himself off while sending his partner into the stratosphere.
He can no longer ignore that he needs the loo, so unwinds himself from John’s grasp. Afterwards he makes for the kitchen, still replaying the events of the night. (The evening leading up to it had sunk without trace in the intensity of making love to John, with John.) He plugs in the kettle; no matter what John says, he makes better tea, and will bring some to the bedroom to prove it. While the water heats he finally wakes up his phone, takes it off airplane mode and checks the messages.
There were worse places to be than London in June. This was a particularly cooperative June, too, and it was a pleasure to be outdoors. He was so thoroughly out of pocket and in debt that he rarely gave himself even the luxury of a pint at the pub, and he made something of a game out of being skint.
My stomach clenches. I have to write to him, so he knows I see where I went wrong. Trying to give him a choice, I didn’t give him any choice at all.
together—every sense, every nerve ending, every thought and desire were fixed on him. He was everything I found beautiful and desirable: brilliance, grace, control, self-sufficiency, wrapped up in a gorgeous physical form I could never touch or taste enough.
“You’re just mad ’cos it worked. Now. Those pants going with us into the shower? Because they’re definitely surplus to requirements. Unless you want them to be part of our co-authored submission on the forensic traces left by ejaculate on different fabrics and qualities of pa—”
He leaned back into my arms, smiling and nuzzling my temple as he stirred the sauce he was making. After a moment he put down the spoon, twisted in my arms and grasped my waist, danced me into the next room and over to the CD player where he cued up a song and pulled me into a jazzy two-step.
Editing this chapter I realized how indebted it is to cwb's "High and Tight, Soft and Loose." https://archiveofourown.org/works/4196670#main
The first time I saw you the light in your microscope was reflecting back at you. I've seen you hundreds of times in that position now. The light of your cell phone, it's an extension of your arm now, so its reflection is a natural part of your face. The blue light from your laptop when you aren't even aware you're sitting in the dark, and the gold light from the fireplace when you are aware we're sitting in the dark. The light of the stars that you admitted were beautiful, and the supernova of your own brilliance. How the light gathers around you when you captivate an audience, as though they had no other option but to stare at you the way I do.
She said thoughtfully, “He seems lovely. Tactful. Leaving in case you and I were up for more than conversation, I mean.”
in the main room, and in a couple of side-rooms it’s got experiments going, some data accumulating, and a spread-sheet on Watson’s eating preferences is getting updated.” But he goes back to sucking my finger, and I’m getting uncomfortably tight beneath him.
That Rosamund couldn’t come home for Christmas in the massive snowstorm of 2034 left us feeling quite bleak. We’d not faced the holidays without her since 2016. But she’d left her travel until Christmas Eve, and no flights were leaving any Italian airport she could reach, so it would be just Sherlock, John, and me at our parents’ home in the country. The snow immobilising Italy was soon to reach us as well.
She said only, “Warren. Warren.” and began to jerk, one arm, both legs. He couldn’t tell if it was physical or mental anguish, or both, and he took her right hand. How strong her grasp, like a woman in full health. It hurt, how hard she was gripping his fingers.
“New habits. I’m going to stop strangers on the street and tell them how lucky I am to have you in my arms, in my bed. In my life. In Rosie’s life. You’ll see.”
One night we’d had stayed in a rustic bed-and-breakfast halfway up a mountain without anyone else nearby. The
I decided to accelerate the pace of my enquiries, being careful to continue my pantomime of mourning. And it had become a pantomime, because somewhere in my ribcage, hope had taken up a tentative residence. It was an irrational hope, much as I tried to contain it within the bounds of rational analysis and concrete investigation; yet it took hold, and grew. And I had to remind myself, whenever I went out, that I was a crushed man, a man with nothing to hope for and little to live for.
, was all I could think. I had thought that he’d react to being taken by surprise in one of two ways: open arms or a fist. This distant, careful reception left me wondering, as I scoured myself clean in the hot bath. It took some work to scrub the engine oil from under my fingernails, wash the grime out of my hair. I rinsed the tub quickly, but in the morning it would need attention.
I was waiting in suspended animation. What if I’d been wrong? I’d have to reprogram my entire brain, recalibrate my
It was an attention-grabbing opener, in Ash’s bell-like timbre. He liked framing her singing, highlighting her, and had no difficulty staying out of the limelight himself, even aside from his reluctance to be seen.
The best defence being a good offence, John dragged himself back to the present and put on a glare of righteous flatmate indignation.
“And to avoid songs he doesn’t. Remember Lestrade last year, asking him to play ‘The Little Drummer Boy.’” They giggle, conspiratorially.
It was enough to make her re-think her insolence. Perhaps she was relying on help being close by. Ah, that was it: the man must be near enough to make her think that if she just waited, she would be rescued.
John in profile is smiling faintly, not in the least awake. Not even close. What smile is that, anyway? Gloating? Reminiscent? Satisfied? Anticipatory?
Her eyes widened at that, but she didn’t make me explain why I wanted them so closely fitted. They widened even more when she saw the scars; professional and discreet, she didn’t mention them. She simply nodded and promised the shirts for the end of the month.
She looked worried but put on the plucky closed-mouthed smile he loved, and said in her most comforting voice, “You’ll find him, and talk it out. His brother will get you his coordinates. I’m sure of it.”
Mycroft. It was time to activate the nuclear option. If Sherlock was dead, and we buried him under that gravestone, I wanted to see the proof.
John is trying much less hard to keep his voice down, so I stop pretending I don’t hear him, and turn and smile.
I’d gone to see Sherlock in the first place because I’d been furious at being dismissed. Again. In a potentially dangerous situation, for fuck’s sake. His airy text had been so deliberately dismissive that I’d barely slept that night, between chewing on the insult and fending off the worry that he was undefended. The morning after the sting I texted Greg as early as I decently could: I needed intel.
I’ve always talked to you in code, Sherlock. It was code when I said, “So you’re unattached, like me.” It was code when I said, “You’re my best friend.” It was code when I said that romantic entanglement would complete you as a human being. What I meant was, entanglement with me.
In the morning Ash seemed less desolate, though the circles under her eyes didn’t suggest a restful night. She’d a meeting to attend, and the array of ensembles she tried on for Will’s approval explained (at least in part) the size of her suitcase.
“You like sleeping all tangled up?” I look down at our hands, clasped so tightly I can’t really tell which fingers are whose.
“Oh, well, that would explain it. Could you spell it for me? If this works out, I swear to God I’m coming to your festival next year, maybe for the rest of my life.”
Opening John’s wallet to tuck some bills in along with the travel details, he found a photograph. Himself, as he once was. He remembered the episode, hadn’t known it’d been immortalised. Lifting his arms to hold the violin and bow strained the fitted shirt across his shoulders and chest. His hair was wild and his eyes closed, shadows deep around eyes and cheekbones.
Ah. Aha. Fuck. That bizarrely intrusive woman from the school. It was quite a long text message string: thank heaven I’d kept it. I frowned, and Sherlock misunderstood the reason for it.
Secretly pleased that he'd been watching, John smiles nonchalantly and says, “Yeah. I may not be in her class, but I wanted to at least try dancing with Donovan. I bid on her for ‘Just the Way You Look Tonight.’”
Sherlock hadn’t known the boy, hadn’t endangered him or encouraged his risky maneuver. But he hadn’t reacted fast enough either, and the result was the same: the boy died because Sherlock failed him. Bright gold hair, sturdy build, the spirit of fun that made Sherlock himself and John search out adventures and danger in the labyrinth of London. Chasing or escaping from ruthless (if often blessedly inept) criminals.
Sherlock and John are back in 221B, and Caherdaniel comes to London. Ash is in trouble and she needs Will
There, that sounded like the Will he’d been for years; it wasn’t effortless, but it was the voice and intonation Ash knew.
That was a flat lie, particularly with the pounding rain, but Ash only sighed, “Then I just hope the weather improves, poor fella. He’ll want to see the forty shades of green, not the forty inches of rain.”
embarrassing. In any case he would most assuredly contact Sherlock. There was nothing more I could do for now but wait.
, John,” was quite literally all Ba could say, as he sniffed the indescribable sweetness of the littlest one’s breath.
Rosie giggled reluctantly. Mycroft’s running joke had a disgusting success rate with her, at least it disgusted me and Sherlock. She loved his hyperbolic deference to her importance.
He struggled to keep talking neutrally over the rising repetitions of “oh my god oh my god is she okay tell me”:
Thank God the next song was animated and snarky, on where to go for advice on love. Patrick was singing solo, shooting an inviting glance at Sherlock now and again.
“Hunh. That’s fair. It’s you I was looking for, though.” John’s voice was serious, and Sherlock fell back on customary deflection.
He didn’t say anything when I escorted him into the cab, my hand as protective on his waist and elbow as though the blood on him had been his own. He didn’t say anything as we rode to my house, Mary’s and my house, well, Rosie’s and my house now. I wished I could take him to Baker Street, settle him in there in his own environment; but Fred wasn’t going to be free much beyond five o’clock, and I couldn’t imagine leaving Sherlock alone in the flat in this state, even just to go back and fetch Rosie over.
that was 221B. John watched as he clocked the Victorian scientific samples and professional journals and vintage books of natural history and murder weapons and a remnant of murder wall. Julian looked utterly entranced.
“Ash, my dear, what—never mind, cry now, and then we’ll talk.” He stroked her short hair, hoping it wasn’t too much, he hadn’t ever been one to show affection
This shower didn’t even pretend to be about hygiene. It was pure sybaritic indulgence, best enjoyed in company.
So we waited for the other shoe to drop, and we saved her little notes to get us over the hump when it came. Which it never did. Still, we stockpiled them in an old chocolate box just in case.
A handful of tuxedo-clad men surrounds a slim woman in a striking black dress. It’s form-fitting to the waist, but flares out dramatically with pleats that open to reveal hints of gold and silver. When she walks these flame out into long metallic flashes as the skirt ripples, and John can only imagine how eye-catching that will be when she takes to the floor. She’s swallowed up in the crowd again.
“The problem was, I couldn’t manage it at all. All this desire, and affection, and longing, I couldn’t uproot even after everything. Even after you went back to Mary, after she shot me. That was the one cruel thing I ever saw you do, and I’m still bewildered at how much it hurts.” He eased his shoulder out from under my head and turned away on his left side, making an S-curve of his body. I slid up against him and tucked my right hand against his heart. It certainly wasn’t the
By the time I got them back to 221B, I knew it was a terrible idea. They always say a puppy is not a Christmas present. A puppy is not a good thing to surprise someone with. And two puppies are three times as annoying as one, as everyone riding the tube with us that night can attest.
February was difficult, after that. I tried to keep myself on an even keel, and didn’t involve Sherlock. At some level I felt this was my problem to solve; I’d somehow turned my jealous rage on him, and talking it over with him wasn’t going to help. He’d give me a pass, every time. Ella never did, and that’s what I needed: to be made to face up to it. For all Sherlock says I’m a terrible actor, I think I kept my turmoil to myself.
But I couldn’t tell her what it was. Instead, I said I’d found an old photo I’d lost of Sherlock and me together, and winced at the soft pity in her stare.
“Thanks for what you said about how important this case is. It could be a real breakthrough.” Zanardi spoke calmly, without hyperbole.
I knew everything I needed to know about Sherlock Holmes from the first time I met him. He was weird. He was arrogant. He knew too much about crimes to be innocent of them. His mannerisms were creepy and his manners were insulting; he couldn’t hide his contempt for everybody around him. If I hated him, he’d given me good reason: implied I was only on the force at all as a diversity hire, double points for being black
Sherlock still looks and sounds nervous, as though he’s trying to thank John for a reaction John couldn’t conceal if he tried.
He came out wrapped in a towel and glanced into the case. Looked over at me quizzically. I tilted my chin toward the window and he snorted, then started to laugh. A deep belly-laugh that got louder and more vigorous as he visualised me doing something so uncharacteristic.
and returned to the hotel for a reminiscent and restorative, if not restful, afternoon. There were matters still to discuss and to settle, but first things first: repairing the rift in our symbiosis.
desire. It sparked my own in ways I had never anticipated before we were together, when all I knew was my own longing for him. Now I felt him rock-hard under my seeking hand, and before I knew it I’d straddled his thighs and started opening those hard-working shirt buttons, exposing the ivory skin of his chest with its sparse hair, and the neat, taut nipples, and the cruel mark of a bullet.
As for why I kept jabbing you about Irene Adler: I think I wanted you to contradict me, tell me you were never going to be with her, that she’d never be the person who inspired you to be your best self. I wanted you to say "It’s you, John." Because I was too cowardly to say "Sherlock, it’s you."
“Signora Zanardi, I will not explain myself to you. Not everyone is equally demonstrative. Roberto knows what is usual with me; you do not. Perhaps you’ve been accustomed to seeing your son only with women.”
But I have plans. John grunts a protest as I throw the covers off us and climb off of him, taking away all the warmth we’ve banked. “Hush.” I grab two pillows and place them just about where I need them, then manhandle John onto his front, his hips and arse elevated nicely. He’s wriggling and protesting a bit:
So I do turn to face him, bury my face in his chest, bring him flush against me with my right hand at his back, breathe in the scent of his neck, taste the slight salt on his skin. John was right: we should always have been this way with each other. And I’d been wrong: afraid for so long to let him see how much I loved him, afraid to lose him. When he calls me an idiot, he’s right there, too. What he should be calling me, is coward. He never will, so I do.
John cocks an eyebrow, looking a challenge at him to admit that this—the song, the whole evening—was a pretext. Sherlock's ready to do so, but only once they're out of public view. He had needed, created, the screen of a crowd to draw John to him, but he’s damned if he’s going to have witnesses when John finally hears what he’s come here to tell him.
He shifted closer. It struck me then that it was also insulting to John, to think I had to worry about every human being of either sex just because he was, is, bisexual. I’d never given any thought to how offensive it was, my constant low-level anxiety. It was distrust, pure and simple, and he hadn’t deserved it. I could see it clearly now, just as when one leaves a foggy valley to climb above the mists to where the view is bright and clear and endless. I resolved to apologise explicitly for that, when we were alone.
The night before, he’d wanted to see every square inch, touch and put his mouth to every bit of skin, inhale deeply and breathe John in, feel and know every bit and proportion of the man he’d been watching and wanting for years. Almost nothing about John’s body surprised him—he’d known how desirable it was, always; but how desirous it was in return, how ardently John wanted him—
But they’d been compatible always, and that hadn’t changed. By Monday afternoon they were braided back into their habitual symbiosis, with just the occasional stumble or hiccup as they dodged a difficult subject.
“Where would it be? Face? Neck? Hands? Wrists? Doctor Hooper, have you ever come across something like that?”
It was brave. From his perspective, for all he knew I had simply checked out. Decided that he, though not his daughter, was
Rosie struggled to get back to Sherlock; she didn’t understand all this but she registered that he was cross, and she wanted to fix it. Strangely, her powerless desire to fix it was enough to ... fix it. He gave an embarrassed laugh and stroked her cheek with the back of one forefinger, which she promptly tried to put in her mouth. (A bit old for that, surely?)
With his magnifying glass Sherlock tapped the familiar regimental insignia tattooed on the man’s upper arm. “You’ve identified him?”
“So, you need me to be honest too. A personality transplant, John?” I made my voice deliberately light so that John would have no excuse for calling me a drama queen. But it
They wouldn't want to live always in such isolation, but in the winter light, when time cracks open, there are always—only—two of them.
What had he seen? My face was flaming, remembering some of what there was for Mycroft’s filthy little cameras to capture. “What did you see?”
, his head is swimming, his knees buckle at holding John’s trim hips, seeing John’s cock in straining eagerness, reaching out—touching it—and hearing John’s raucous moan. John is still leading, turning to pull Sherlock under him onto the bed. Sherlock feels winded, he hears himself panting and gasping, and he cannot get enough of John’s mouth, John’s tongue, John’s cock moving stiff and heavy along his own, over his bollocks. John’s wet them both with spit but it’s not enough, and Sherlock digs for the lubricant by the bed.
Saturday would be the first day of the grand opening weekend, and already by Friday morning walking was quite a challenge, for the crowds. We pushed our way to the
“It’s never been mine either. I’ll be honest too: I’ve never felt drawn to a man before. But you. The first time I saw you, I knew—I—wanted to be with you.” This was more like it. It was blunt and inelegant, but at least it wasn’t coy. I was being myself, and honestly myself, if not very composed or compelling.
Afterwards, though, as I replayed the horrible scene in 221B, my rage dissipated back into worry. I couldn’t afford to sit on my arse and wait for Sherlock to change his mind about having shown me the door. I had to see him again, and this time I had to exert a great deal more self-control.
“Yes. Yes, I will. When I left, I was still half in my old life on the run, and half in transition to something I hadn’t identified yet. I always meant to let them—and you—know where I ended up. Once I knew it was ... permanent.”
He froze just for a moment, then turned and looked at Patrick as though the question had been much more direct. He smiled, slowly, to make it something of a bookmark.
(True enough, the phone hasn’t shown the “seen” icon.) (But the message was short enough to see without even opening it.) (But it was
to be equilibrium. I wondered too if Sherlock had felt as precarious, as peripheral, when I was dating, as I was feeling now. Maybe I’d kept him feeling off-balance, on the verge of losing a treasured, easy, symbiotic living situation with a uniquely compatible—friend. I felt melancholy, both on my own account now, and on his, then.
John’s harsh laughter is unexpected. “If you don’t want me around anymore, Sherlock, you can just say, you know. You don’t have to pretend it’s all about my daughter.”
. He frowns at the potentially distracting teal dress, form-fitting and slit up the side to mid-thigh, but John never gives her a glance. There's no longer any chance of private conversation, so he gestures John back inside. There's no hurry, now; it's just a matter of time.
, hoping it would find some like-minded readers--not many, I imagined, given its multiple POV, its OMC suitor for Sherlock, and its not-exactly-concise writing. I have loved interacting with those who enjoyed reading it—many more than I ever believed would even see it.
He looked down at his hands and rubbed at them as though he still saw the blood crusted in his skin, around his nails.
Thank you everyone, for reading and commenting on this fic. I'll be popping in a few more photos of Kerry in replies to comments, in case you want to see more of the places our boys walked and lived and (poor John) boated. Keep on giving fic recs, especially but not only for shorties and one-shots, as long as you feel like sharing them—fic recs are oxygen, and self-recs are champagne, and heaven knows both are necessary for life!
Georges Brassens provided the chapter titles: "la lumière que je préfère / c'est celle de vos yeux jaloux" and "le menu que je préfère / c'est la chair de votre cou," from "J'ai rendez-vous avec vous."
“Ha,” he says instead, as if gratified. “I did the same, but that’s just because I didn’t want to exceed my marginal competence. Who else are you partnering?”
He re-centred us in the landscape of our life with her and with everyone in it. He pushed back into my heart without fanfare; and he asked me, not for the first time, to marry him.
“You’re welcome. Thanks for the hospitality.” I made my tone amused, but low. John gave the kind of start that pitch almost always provokes.
Four sons. I leaned in to squint at a 1970’s-era photograph of a smiling woman with four small boys, two of them blond, two brown-haired, all sitting or lying on a blanket that was spread out for a picnic. Her dark hair seemed to be coiled neatly in a pinned chignon, and she smiled at the camera, one hand on the blanket, the other on her stomach. Most of the boys weren’t looking at the camera; they seemed to be competing for the sandwiches piled on a large plate.
He reached down and flailed to find the pocket of his jacket, still halfway under the bed (and how it had got there was one hell of a memory). He handed over a small cream-coloured card in an envelope.
so intense it nearly vibrates. The tango: such a seductive dance, so hyperbolically sexy, that even keeping to its most basic steps it’s easy to look ill-at-ease.
At that Holmes lost it too, laughing uproariously, not unkindly, at his—whatever John was to him. His everything.
“Oh? Where will you be?” Sherlock’s relief at this news made him smile warmly, expansively, as though he were generously glad of a professional success he was barely registering.
“The band’s really cemented around him, don’t know what we’d do without him now,” Patrick said with an emphasis that made him uncomfortable. The difference could only be John’s presence; before now he hadn’t felt Patrick’s evident warmth to be unwelcome.
He set his mug down beside his chair and stood, hesitated a moment. Then he took two steps and stopped in front of me. Bent down as I reached up, and murmured in my ear, “Me too, John. Me too. For longer than I can remember.”
He never mentioned a single one, though of course after the first two he came to anticipate them. I would watch for the moment in every exchange we had, when he would clock it—that he was revealing his emotional landscape yet again. And sometimes our eyes would meet, just a flash, and I’d smile. And God love him, more than once he blushed.
I knew everything I needed to know about Sherlock Holmes from the first time I met him. He was weird. He was arrogant. He knew too much about crimes to be innocent of them. His mannerisms were creepy and his manners were insulting; he couldn’t hide his contempt for everybody around him. If I hated him, he’d given me good reason: implied I was only on the force at all as a diversity hire, double points for being black
“First I said that I love you more than I hate what you did. I was more glad to have you back than I would have been to push you out of my life for good.”
“I think now that I was in more pain than I could bear. I had to let it out somehow. At some level I hoped you might understand what it meant, without my having to say. To let down my guard. And risk ... everything.” But even as he’s saying this he’s refusing to let down his guard.  Is he afraid I’ll—laugh? Gain the upper hand?
I wondered whether I should worry that he was so meticulous in his answers. If only lies have detail, as he used to say, was he being deliberately evasive? Distracting me from something? I set that thought aside; we’d had enough distrust. And I’d come to Italy determined to keep a tight leash on the jealousy that’d been torturing me all month.
I hear what he’s not saying: he hates that someone else had been my first serious lover, that my first attempt at a complete
Margaret asked if we’d spend the holiday with them, and I said yes, of course. Sherlock said we had to be back in London early on the 26th as he’d invited a few people round for Boxing Day. It sounded like an invented excuse, but he had the right to curate his family visits as he saw fit. I was just grateful he was being as gracious as he was, since so often he did seem to enjoy playing the pouting younger son. I remembered how he’d kept his parents under wraps for the first years we’d known each other. (Now I could ask him why, but I was going to choose my moment.)
Roberto’s features were mobile and expressive, and his very discretion showed the traces of a bruising separation. Not recent, but still stinging. His brown eyes were thoughtful, often serious even as he smiled. And his smile, in fact, was appealing enough that Sherlock didn’t mind trying to provoke it.
It wasn’t quite the harmonious tone we’d reached before, but we weren’t here to paper over our disagreement. We were here to hammer it out, and at least the lines of communication were still open.
“What’s this, then?” I felt so fond of him, unguarded like this, sleepy and inert and sheltering Rosie.
As they walked he looked up to see Sherlock smiling at him, and on impulse asked, “Would you ever write a song for me? If I asked nicely?”
Losing my vocation had been like losing myself. It left me empty, hollowed out, and when I met Sherlock I’d been on the verge of ... nothingness. Nothingness had looked pretty good to me, in fact. I’m not even sure how or why I’d held on until I met the madman who gave me a different life, a different self. A different centre.
It had been borderline invasive, to call John’s new employer and ask him whether he had plans to run John over to Caherdaniel. Fine, it had been well over the border into invasive. But John had been away a
you mean it, and it wouldn’t be awkward and unwelcome—I looked into maybe living here. For a while. On the peninsula. Wouldn’t have to bother you, we could just get together sometimes.”
He doesn’t really dare hope. The music begins with a high, sustained, tremolo in the violins: “The Very Thought of You.” John’s in his arms again, his smile restrained now, but his eyes as sparkling and happy as Sherlock ever remembers seeing. He takes John’s smaller hand in his own, and John grasps back more firmly and more fondly than before, and pulls him in closer for the slow swing. Sherlock’s heart begins to speed up, then to pound, and he can’t look away from John.
To his utter delight Greg has picked “They can’t take that away from me,” and even better, it’s a duet sung by Ella Fitzgerald and Louis Armstrong. For a moment John and Greg tussle over who’ll lead, until Greg announces pugnaciously that as the bidder he gets to do it; John yields, seeing Molly and Sherlock pairing up over Greg’s shoulder. Greg really is a better dancer than John expected; nothing posh or polished about it, but he never loses his place or his rhythm, so he can look cheerfully round the room. John envies his casualness on the dance floor.
Sherlock seemed particularly open to every idea for our nights. We’d hit a kind of stride in our lovemaking. Not a plateau—far from it; but I felt more free to propose new possibilities, and he seemed to feel somewhat more free to try them. Perhaps it was just being away from the city, with the weight of human expectation and judgment all around us; perhaps it was being removed from the everyday. But I kept coming back to the fact that I didn’t have to go to work every morning, leaving Sherlock to his own devices.
His voice sounded strained, strange. What it did not sound: open, or curious, or any version or shade of those. What it did not sound, was
“Pub owner will buy us both one. What’ll you have?” He was looking disapprovingly at the long-empty pint glass John had been nursing the whole evening.
“You discovered my superpower, eh? Taking the pressure off a first time?” John’s voice was still dazed and sated, but his humour was not dulled in the least.
. I’d hit a nerve. A mate would’ve swatted my arm in annoyance; Holmes always went straight in with a verbal attack. I just tipped my head to demand an answer.
Though his words were ferocious, his voice was almost flat. And here I’d been about to say the same thing to him: to ask him not to leave, at least; I hadn’t planned any threats.
I pressed my lips together, trying not to frown. It was a generous offer, after all. “That doesn’t seem sustainable to me, love. Or fair. You gave me back my profession as a surgeon, and I’m to repay you by taking away yours as a consulting detective?”
John gave an inner eye-roll at that hallmark omniscience, and refused to ask how Sherlock knew what kind of lodging he had for the night. Probably deduced it from that glance at his trainers, or some such.
I’m still shaken and speechless. I turn the ring to see the engraving inside. Nothing but a date: 29 January 2010.
“Sometimes Roberto’s very presence kept me from seeing you clearly—in my head, in my memory. The Mind Palace. I couldn’t feel you near—but I’d come to Italy
“That isn’t all. He’s been dedicating songs over the radio to an unnamed person every month. Every fourth Sunday, to be precise. I’m sending you a list. It may simply be a grieving ritual. But given the exhumation request, it may be something more—pointed. You know him better than I.”
I’d seen enough cars parked on the side of the road with the driver’s head flung back and his torso sprawled out slack to know exactly what I looked like to anyone driving past. And I didn’t care, I didn’t give a single fuck, with Sherlock’s miraculous tongue teasing my cock, the incredible heat inside his mouth sucking me boneless, his head bobbing in my lap where I could stroke his hair as I got closer, closer, and finally exploded, spurting twice, three times, until I collapsed in place and Sherlock lifted his head and cleaned up a bit.
John’s still chuckling. “You have a very, very distant aftertaste of cigarettes, you know. If you like kissing so much you can stop that right the fuck now.”
The former made little sense, factually, but had the requisite warmth. The latter was more our usual style, taking the piss. Perhaps even flirting a bit. I opted for that, in a moment of cowardice I excused with a promise that as soon as the opportunity offered, I would make it up to him.
And pulled back. The euphoria of coming home to find him here and safe, of neatly excising a major threat to him, shouldn’t cloud my thinking.
I glared at his gorgeous, furious face, turned on my heel and stalked out of my own morgue. Let them figure it out for themselves. They deserved each other—or they didn’t. Let them find their way out of it or die lonely old men. I didn’t give a damn.
This pretense at negotiating was a blatant play for time. No matter what promise I might make, neither she nor Moran would let either of us live.
After a few seconds he made me tell him about that too, my comic turn as a waiter unappreciated as he geared himself up to ask Mary to marry him: “And that ridiculous waiter impersonation?”
A bit later, though, I come back to something that had been niggling at me. “You said you tried to tell me, but I wouldn’t listen.”
Too many false starts at “returning to normal” had come and gone for anything but cautious optimism with this new opening. Still, the on-line demand for the socially-distanced seats had been a few dozen times the hall’s actual capacity, and Ash said she expected a lively if limited crowd.
He packed light for a month-long absence. Two of everything from pants and socks to shirts and trousers. One jumper, one leather jacket. Everything fit into a canvas bag that converted into a small rucksack.
They wouldn't want to live always in such isolation, but in the winter light, when time cracks open, there are always—only—two of them.
Was Julian Whatever-Warrington an improved, class-adapted version of John himself, down to the initials JW?
achieve that with one disastrously bad couple, but that would make everyone uneasy on their behalf, and poison the atmosphere. So instead we achieve it by one incomparably good couple. That would be us.”
But it was time for Rosie’s dinner, and she was becoming fussy—irritable bouncing, burning cheeks, grumbly noises. It wasn’t fair on her to be in a shite mood. No, and it certainly wouldn’t be fair on her to take her round to 221B when it might be turning into a drugs den again. If I wanted to check in on Sherlock again I’d have to find a sitter right away, or call in sick to work the next morning. It wouldn’t even be a lie. I
My turn to raise my eyebrows, and then I frowned. “You’re having Sherlock watched? In Rome? If he’s not doing any undercover work for you—why would you do that?”
the fancy footwork and grappling for advantage that goes along with the pre-declaration stages of infatuation. I was still infatuated, all right, but I was also deeply in love. I was elated to see Sherlock happy and confident, and unwilling to see him uncertain or uneasy.
One year we made each other ornaments for our stocking presents. I was little, so mine were clumsy and flimsy, but my dads hung them front and center, and faithfully reinforce them every year. For Da, an anatomical drawing cut-out of the shoulder muscles, framed in red ribbon. For Ba, of the inferior vena cava, framed in black ribbon.
I slipped him a tenner too, as I left the train. Like the lady, I owed it to him for a timely reminder. As I got off at Baker Street Station the dog was chewing contentedly on a plastic water bottle, happy to go wherever his person was taking them.
. You’ll have to tell me about how you knew Sally’s secret: she's not just a good dancer, she's top flight. So you two have been practising together?
I’d spent a few uncomfortable sessions in her office parsing the impulses and mechanisms that had made me want to take back unilateral authority over Rosie’s care. Nothing I’d told Sherlock in Bologna had been untrue, but I hadn’t seen the big picture myself there and then. It wasn’t true, as Sherlock had thought, that I was worried she was growing up to be too like him. It was true that I’d been worried that Rosie would be out of step with her cohort. And I had been worried that I saw Mary coming out in her, yes, that was true as well, and Ella and I talked about that.
I tended to believe the former. It stung a bit that the gentleness probably meant pity. Mycroft thought I was grasping at straws—looking for any way I could invent for Sherlock not to have actually fallen in love with someone else and left me. I wondered whether Sherlock had hurt like this when I’d left him. Well, he’d injected himself with cocaine, hadn’t he. Over and over.
But I got there anyway, I made them let me by, touched him and felt for a pulse and took his hand and dropped it. Looked and looked, and looked away, but not before that picture had burned itself into my brain.
He followed their gaze and saw Roberto slip into and back out of a slant of light coming in through the high narrow windows. One of them made a careful, soundless whistle, and the other whispered, “Too right. Dead sexy.”
As Ash had promised, the second set was even more energetic, and Sherlock fleetingly considered the effect that a wildly successful festival debut had had on the band members’ confidence.
He moved to the side of my chair, sitting on the arm. “So I was being used by Moran and Morstan to give Moriarty credibility in their relations with their scattered crime cartels? It would explain why he’d be willing to sit in jail for months until his trial. That always seemed a bit preposterous for a criminal king-pin. More like a sacrificial lamb. The trial, the rooftop showdown, it all reinforced the story of him being a King of Crime.”
He shook his head and said only that the evening had been a solid success, with Ash’s husband adding, “and the crack was grand!”
The week crawled past, text by text, dozens of them, hundreds, without Sherlock writing “I love you” back.
The audience was still laughing through the guitar intro, but was listening intently by the first chorus, with the whole band singing harmony. At the song’s end, Ash’s face was mashed into Ciaran’s shoulder and his cheek rested on her head.
We relearned the sound of each other’s voices, and the rhythms of conversation. The unspoken in each other’s words. We talked quietly, mostly superficially, but these were practice conversations, placeholders for when we could put this entire episode behind us.
He could manage a monthly brush, very indirect, with the British Government. Just about. It was always irksome, and he commented as “Mick” just to jab the man in his
She nodded gratefully and told the audience, still whooping and clapping: “We’ll be back in twenty. We need a drink! Feel free to ply us with alcohol, we’ll be that much wilder after.”
All the times I’d dreamed of this. All the times. The mattress dips under him and John is here, taking me in his arms and the musk of his skin is overlaid with a strong scent of soap. His skin is chilled and his hair’s a bit damp around his face as I run my fingers through it. He doesn’t speak as he lowers himself slowly into the bed, and he reaches for me. When I pull him in close he says quietly, “I woke you.”
The lifelike felted mushroom ornament: amanita muscaria, or fly agaric. Send you to Aunt Molly in short order, that will. Or into hallucinations, whichever comes first.
Tonight at least it was busy, alive with a palpable air of expectation that wasn’t for the excellent pints, the good pub meals or the even better chips. The crack was noisy and cheerful as the musicians were setting up.
How often I’d have liked to touch John. Intimately, not necessarily sexually. Straighten his collar, rucked partway under a jumper. Touch his elbow, his hand. Roberto touched me that way. If I’d rather he didn’t, at least I understood why he did: we weren’t just sex, for him.
I’ve always talked to you in code, Sherlock. It was code when I said, “So you’re unattached, like me.” It was code when I said, “You’re my best friend.” It was code when I said that romantic entanglement would complete you as a human being. What I meant was, entanglement with me.
I’d always imagined that when I told John I’d been in love with him (have been, am still) for years, we would be in the same room. But that was before he’d told me to my face that I was ineligible to love him, or to be loved.
in Italian. It’s the language of my family. You will not avoid having an honest conversation with me by avoiding our mother tongue.”
I turned to see him watching me with that unblinking stare and no discernible expression on his face. It made me wonder whether he too was finding the
The other dancers actually line the walls now, as Sherlock and Sally lay out a pattern of dance steps that frankly go beyond anything John can imagine mastering. From the swoop and glide of the song’s first half to the tiny flitting steps Sally takes before Sherlock grasps her waist and lifts her in a semi-circle, her dress fanning out in a perfect crescent of light and dark—Sherlock’s pale face, Sally’s chiaroscuro dress are all John can see, and he’s giddy with delight.
“Yeah, let me help next time. That’s why I’m here. Your editor wasn’t any help on structuring the thing?” He asked the question carelessly, but he cared a great deal indeed about the answer.
did you try to tell me? Besides when it was too late, I mean, at the wedding.” I rake my fingernail along his backbone and his shiver is gratifying.
Ash climbed into the Rover looking equal parts exhilarated and exhausted, the same as after every high-energy evening of music. She didn’t look self-conscious or apprehensive about having told John where he could be found.
He moves Sherlock backwards with unexpected assurance, his look half-laughing, half-challenging. Sherlock likes it when John leads, always has liked it when Captain Watson comes out from behind his mild and (reasonably) patient flatmate.
No. He’s not going to open this. He still has a week before he has to make a decision, and if this communication is so urgent Mycroft will find another way to bring it to his attention. Until then, no messages from London, no contacts from anyone there.
He kneels and dries Sherlock’s ankles, lifting first one foot and then the other, taking his time because the view from here is really quite breathtaking. The soft skin over what’s sure to be an achingly hard erection. The elegant tracery of blood vessels just beneath the taut, shiny skin. He presses a kiss into each inner thigh, and Sherlock suddenly comes to life, tugging at John to bring him to standing, hauling him still damp back into the bedroom, onto the bed.
He stared at it unseeingly, and then smiled as he focused on the question. “It’s ... one of the colours your eyes are sometimes.”
Mary’s departure had been a wrench—no, time to be honest. It’d been both disorienting and a relief. They’d parted friends, and she’d left him in his nondescript garden (“garden”) flat to get on with the business of finding Sherlock.
I was thinking again that he might begin to love me. Our physical compatibility was incredible; and now that I had days and nights of uninterrupted time, our emotional compatibility could grow as well. He was certainly incredibly responsive, and to quite surprising stimuli.
It was an honest question. I wasn’t sure whether I was being prudent here, or craven—whether I was letting practicality sway me, or fear. But I still felt it, very strongly.
The rest of the walk was pleasant, if inevitably anticlimactic after the moonlit Pantheon. We walked along the Corso up to the Campidoglio, climbing the steps to the statue of Marcus Aurelius. We crossed the square to an overlook to see the moonlight flooding the dark Forum, making its white marble vestiges gleam.
Post-it left on the lapel of the Belstaff: Behave, or I’m going to spend all Christmas morning teaching our daughter to yell “BA! HUMBUG!” at the top of her lungs.
His face reddened as he thrust up against me. “Just this. For now. Don’t stop. I won’t—last long. I’m sorry, I’ve wanted you for so—”
“Now you’ve got me curious.” John too was trying for casual, because he only sounded tired, not curious at all.
He didn’t sound disgruntled at all, only fuzzy and fond. “There, that’s better. Relax. Tell me what got you tense. Is it something I—”
, to feel what I felt every time I thought of Roberto Zanardi in Sherlock’s—well, let’s say “arms.” After that horrible Jan. 31st I knew how toxic that was, and how dangerous.
Once again, the scent of Sherlock hits John like a gut-punch: an intoxicating blend of his sweat and his shampoo that he recognises from his dancing nights. John almost sways toward him before he decides he can control this: pursing his lips and nodding at the seat across from him, pushing a glass of
—I was close to drained. But I was hardly going to have the proverbial headache on this night of all nights.
We were home within days, once the upstairs room was finished. It was perfect. Watson had, almost certainly, no memory of her visits to 221B the previous year, but she settled in placidly, probably helped by having been shuttled about so often in her first year. As soon as John was out I walked her around the sitting room again, murmuring all the “B” words. All she said was “Ba,” however. Still no proper words, beyond “Da,” “more,” and “no.”
. It was that obvious, then. The next two songs are for more sure-footed dancers anyway, he thinks, and he’d rather watch Sherlock light up the room. But Sherlock’s nowhere to be found, and John wonders idly whether he’s slipped out for a cigarette—he hopes not.
I could rub his back, his head, and calm him down. I wouldn’t even talk. I wouldn’t try to convince him I was right about the weekend workshop, it would interfere with the relaxing-John programme. I would just make him feel better. John melts with the right hand-rub technique, even if I don’t add talking in my deepest timbre.
. Still, I was in Rome to try to free myself from you, detach you from my mind, and I wasn’t going to accomplish that by fantasising about you while I was with him.”
They wouldn't want to live always in such isolation, but in the winter light, when time cracks open, there are always—only—two of them.
Two days and a night in Sherlock’s childhood home was plenty, however. We were most at home and most ourselves in Baker Street. We got home late on Christmas Day, poured a boneless Rosie into her cot, and poured ourselves a glass of Ardbeg.
He hadn’t been expecting that answer, apparently. I would have. Molly knew about the morgue, she knew about all of it. And she said something that broke my heart, if not his. She said she had only ever asked to help him, to keep him safe—and that I’d had that privilege and walked away from it, and even turned on him and hurt him.
—His work. It was our work, once, and as much as I wanted it to be that way again, he seemed if anything to be drifting further out of reach. Rosie was an obstacle, though I hated thinking of her that way: I had to put her safety first. I thought at some level that if Sherlock wanted to reach out to me, to us, he would do it. If he didn’t, it was because he didn’t want to.
And she loves me. Watson has given her entire self to loving, and in doing so has given me a corporeal channel of expression and experience that I lacked for all those dreary years when I merely suffered my body, or deprived it, or dominated it without kindness or appreciation. If I live in my body differently now, it’s not only because of her father; it’s also because of her little frame, both sturdy and vulnerable; her kinetic joy in running and splashing and jumping; her delight in becoming more adroit and accomplished as she learns.
“Yes, of course. That’s what it is—to us. To him, though, it’s the anniversary of the day I moved in with him.”
I thought I had another four weeks to work out what John meant by dedicating an unequivocal love song to me. But just two weeks later he requested another: Lucinda Williams’ “Something About What Happens When We Talk.”
Thank you for a warm welcome to this fic! Remember your recs are warmly invited, for any and every kind of fan art / fan work.
you. But you’re also a gifted surgeon. You could go back to operating part-time, have the best of both worlds.”
He just shook his head in evident confusion and said, “You know all those things you say about human emotion just to wind me up? Caring is a mistake? Love is a chemical defect? All that? What you’re saying now absolutely doesn’t match up. Which am I to believe?”
I jerked as I felt a sickening rush of anger. It was a different tongue from mine, all right. Goddamn it, it hadn’t been
In the event we missed most of the Open Day for a case, and only got to the school at three when the formal activities were concluded. I wondered if that had been deliberate. Once it would have been very like Sherlock to mastermind an unacknowledged sabotage, but not in recent years. Not since we’ve been together. Well, really for longer than that.
Oh, well. Didn’t matter. Holmes had been there when I’d needed him, after all. Can’t expect more or different than people can give.
When I came to consciousness again I could tell it was just after dawn, though the shutters were mostly closed and little light came in at the window. Sherlock was awake, stretched out beside me on his back and staring up at the ceiling. I curled around him and nuzzled his neck and shoulder with my beard, something he’d liked last night; I called him loving names as I kissed him.
