His eyes surely weren’t that dark and seductive, were they? That couldn't be his lips - full and red and looking ready to be ravished by hungry kisses. And that body didn’t belong to him; all long lines and toned muscles glistening in the dim light from the fireplace and what had to be at least hundreds of candles. The loincloth he’d thought transparent teased the viewer with peeks of his long legs and slim hips, while obscuring his most private areas in shadow, and the oil coupled with the gold and maroon silk falling from his waist literally set  his skin aglow.
“Please what?” Tony teased, not recognizing the way his voice had gone husky and seductive; he felt drunk on the power he held over Steve, the fact that he could reduce this stubborn, confident man to a shivering, moaning mess with just his mouth and hands a heady sensation not unlike the feeling of inebriation.
“Really?” Tony didn’t like how small that came out, but he was so out of his element and not sure how to act.
“You are though,” Tony whispered, eyes locked with Steve’s as he leaned in, body aching with the need to feel Steve’s against him. “You are my alpha and my mate; that makes you the most special person in the whole world.”
Thor, too observant for Tony’s tastes, took in his shattered expression and followed Tony’s gaze to where Steve and the harlot smiling at him pranced around.
Steve leans down and touches his forehead against Tony’s, his words small and private in the little space between them. Tony closes his eyes, inhaling deeply until he’s surrounded by Steve; his scent and warm voice and safe presence engulfing him.
Tony’s eyebrows shot up. “You asked Steve? Why?”
“Not the king no…” Bruce said lingering, “it’s the prince.”
“We’ll have to see, I suppose. Right now, I’m more concerned with getting through this night without any kind of bloodshed. You finished?” Steve looks at him distractedly, then does a double take and his eyes slowly peruse up and down Tony’s body. A lazy, hungry grin stretches Steve’s lips as he greedily drinks in the sight of him. “I’d say you are, just look at you. Red and gold really are your colors; it looks like you’re glowing.” Steve sounds a little dazed.
of him - not even a freaking finger, what the hell? - danced around in his mind’s eye. He couldn’t even remember if he’d told Steve he loved him.
Steve had a suspicion that Tony would neglect to say a great deal of things to spare him pain, but he finally broke out of his state of shock and Tony’s earlier words came back to him in a rush. They had to move; he could hear the ruckus of an approaching horde of men in the distance.
“Alright then,” Steve said, assured, and gave a small thrust. He nailed Tony’s prostate again, drawing sounds from him that he’d never made before. That set the tone for the beginning of their lovemaking, Steve staring at Tony’s face with utmost attention, to gauge his reactions and adjust his movements accordingly.
“Get outta my head,” Tony all but slurred. He was too far gone into the Heat to think properly – it took over every thought and chased away every thread of reason. The only thing left inside of him was the Heat and the need to quench it.
“If you insist, I’ll tie you up and throw you on top of the luggage,” Steve threatened through gritted teeth. “I won’t back down this time, Tony. You’re going and that’s final. That’s an order as your king.”
Walking through the castle to where Clint was waiting for him was one of the hardest things Tony had ever done. The only thing forcing his feet forward was the thought of their unborn child resting under his heart and a burning, desperate hope that Steve would come back alive. He’d promised, after all, and Steve never broke his promises.
Only, he never did, and it would affect his mate in more ways than one, years and years later.
“Oh nothing,” Tony said loftily. “Just thinking about what I’m gonna do to you once we’ve gotten the kids into their beds.”
“Aye. He has not, how do you say? Cottoned on to the fact, yet. And please, call me Thor. I like you, friend Tony, and I think Steve has made a wise choice when he decided to court you.”
Straightening and leaning back to sit fully on Steve’s cock, sharp smile curving his mouth, Tony ground down and took in the way it made Steve’s eyes roll back, lids fluttering shut over glazed, blue eyes.
Tony frowned, piqued. “I don’t need an alpha hovering in the background, Steve. I’ve been on my own since I was fourteen, I know how to protect myself against guys like Stern.”
Was he flirting? It felt like flirting.
“I’ve rested enough,” Tony said calmly. “I need to get back and find Steve.”
“I’m also sorry, by the way,” Tony said, as shame crept over him. “I didn’t mean to start a fight.”
Not a joke then. Possibly.
Steve’s hands tighten around Tony’s jaw. “I’m not interested in anyone but you, Tony. I haven’t been since the first time I saw you.” He shakes Tony, gently. “You and no one else.”
A sudden, distant
“But-but I’m too old!” Tony exclaims, surprised beyond belief.
“Now, see, this is where you’re wrong.” It was like he was having a pleasant conversation about the weather, he seemed so unconcerned about the threat in the alpha’s voice. “I can’t step aside because then you’ll take your mate here with you home and undoubtedly this will all be his fault and you’ll hit him again. I don’t really think that’s fair.” The omega broke off and scoffed. “I mean, it’s not his fault you have to justify your need to hit him just because you obviously have a small cock. Your knot must be really tiny too, it usually is in these cases.” The omega nodded sagely. “It’s unfortunate, it really is, but you can’t take your insecurities out on him. That’s not okay.”
“Hey,” Tony said when Steve started to clean the blood off of his face. “I’m alright. Really shaky and I think I’m in shock, but I’m alright.” It took everything he had to force those words out, he was still trembling all over and he doubted he’d go anywhere alone for a long, long time, but he was fine. Tony refused to give those assholes any kind of power over him.
Tony was flung to the ground, grunting in pain when his knees connected with the unforgiving cobble. His face was pressed into the cold stone as hands pawed at his pants, pulling them down and exposing his Heat-slicked buttocks.
“So now I’m stupid?” Tony reared up, hissing in discomfort when his jerky movements caused Steve’s knot to yank at his entrance. Steve’s hands shot down to grab his hips, hard, keeping him still as to not injure either one of them.
Tony’s grin was greedy. “Bring it, lover. Make me see stars again.”
A gaggle of aristocrats tittering as they walked past caught their attention. It was a group of maybe five omegas, all ranging in ages from eighteen up to maybe fifty. And they were all looking at Tony and Bruce with disdain written all over their entitled faces, their mean laughter echoing shrilly.
Steve tried to give a reassuring smile. If it came out as strained as he thought it did, no wonder Tony looked mildly alarmed. “Really, Tony. Thank you for checking up on me.”
“I’m consenting now.”
“I’ll meet you at the gate in thirty minutes,” Steve said when Bucky stopped talking. “Make sure the men are ready.”
“I get stuck in my own head and forget about things like eating or sleeping when I’m working and I’ll most likely forget your birthday or our anniversary.”
“As I’ll ever be,” Tony chortled. “Claim me, your Majesty.”
Tony can’t believe his ears. Of all the pretentious, conceited crap he’s ever heard, this takes the crown. And then a thought strikes him like lightning from a clear sky. Suddenly it’s all so clear, Stone’s plot unfolds in his mind’s eye – like a ripple effect from a stone thrown into a still pond. The deed for transfer of ownership, no one but Steve meant to know about it, fucking Hani, and Stone… doing someone else’s dirty work.
Clenching his jaw, Steve remembered seeing Clint take a blow to his head early into the fight. He straightened his shoulders and nodded decisively. “Right, let’s go then. Stay behind me.”
“By the gods,” someone, Tony didn’t know his name, breathed in awe. Tony fidgeted nervously with a bracelet, he didn’t know where to look as their gazes slid over his form again and again.
“I want to take you to bed and make love to you all night,” Steve breathes into Tony’s hair, lips caressing his forehead and brow. “I want to hold you in my arms and fall asleep with you snoring in my ear and know I get to wake up to you tomorrow. And the day after that I want to do the same thing again. Over and over, for the rest of our lives.”
“What do you see?” Steve wonders, gazing intently at him through the mirror.
He’d ridden out the Heats since then by barricading himself in his small room above the forge, and with the help of a few toys he’d made himself he’d handled it just fine. Well… he’d gotten through them, at least.
Tony shrugged, unapologetic. “Not as hard as I could’ve. I’m still getting used to this thing. Holy shit Barnes, where’s your arm?” he exclaimed, sidetracked when he caught sight of where Bucky was missing an appendage.
“He said you shouldn’t drink anymore, you fucking asshat,” a voice from behind Steve spoke up, filled with vitriol and loathing. “And like the prime example of alpha that you are, you told him to shut the fuck up and smacked him in the face.”
The beauty of your kiss,
“The edge of the helmet cut into my eyebrow earlier, it’s just a scratch,” Tony promised, almost gently in the face of Steve’s fear.
“It’s probably,” Tony panted, “it’s probably because I’m – yes Steve,
“Huh. Maybe I should make you the twins sole godparent, just for that.”
to claim and hold.
“You have no idea,” Bucky sighed.
Tony slowly unraveled the red silk bow and peeled back the expensive wrapping. Revealing a small, nondescript box, it gave no clue to what it held within.
Thor smiled amusedly, like Tony was a little, innocent child. “I think you will come to learn, in time, that there is no greater force in this world than love. It can build countries and destroy them. It can unite enemies as well as make them.” He pulled Tony close enough to bend down and whisper in his ear. “And I think that you will find, the day you finally give in and let friend Steve claim you, that love can also bring you the greatest pleasure and satisfaction.”
Tony had faith in Steve, in his love for him, and Tony swore to himself he would never give up.
The whispers and murmurs dim when Steve rises from his seat, his face entirely blank and void of any indication of what his thoughts regarding Stone’s gift may be.
He gently curled his fingers over Tony’s, closing them around the scroll. “In your hand lies a decree. It reads, that from this day forward, all omegas in our kingdom are of equal standing with alphas and betas. Their families no longer have the power to force them into a claim they don’t want, nor is it legal for any bank, university or employer to refuse an omega business funding, enrollment or employment based on their secondary gender.”
“What would he get out of that?”
Why did Steve have to be so fucking stubborn now, of all times?
“Yes!” Tony said, too fast. His heart clenched when he saw Steve’s jaw tighten, a muscle there jumping as he swallowed. It looked like Steve was searching for the right words to say.
“They lost contact with Steve’s company three days ago,” Clint told Tony, his body tense and face set in hard lines. “They’ve scoured the battlefield but didn’t find him or his men. It’s like they’ve disappeared into thin air.”
“Yeah, sure,” Bucky snorted. He ignored Steve and turned to the alpha instead. “You see who that is? You think this is gonna end up in your favor?”
Your kiss on my lips,
“It’s just-“ Steve trailed off when Tony leaned in to nibble on his earlobe and Steve’s eyes rolled back. “Uh- I haven’t –
“Ah”, Tony says grimly, a sinking feeling in his stomach.
“Sure, but he likes to study biology and boring things. Rhodey’s into more cool stuff, like me.”
Tony was already waiting for him there, a step down from the top of the raised dais, kneeling all dolled up and pretty on an ornate pillow. How Pepper had managed that, Steve would never figure out. Maybe it was best not to think about it too much, his head already ached from how tight his hair was braided.
“Stop teasing me,” Steve implored hoarsely and turned pleading eyes on him, where he’d shimmied down between Steve’s spread legs, the ocean blue almost swallowed up by dilated pupils.
Tony averts his gaze, unable to voice his doubts to Steve. “Just thinking about what Lord Stone would hope to accomplish by bringing you a new omega, that’s all,” he hedges.
“Who is it, the king himself?” Tony joked and put the hammer down. He grabbed a rag from a pile nearby and wiped his soot-streaked fingers on it. Given that the rag was as dirty as his hands, it barely helped, but Tony didn’t care. He picked up a mug of water from a table beside the forge.
“Hey!” Clint complained. “I’m at least fifteen in spirit.”
“Upgrading,” he sneered. “Your friend should be thankful.”
Tony pouted back. “What’s he done now?”
Their voices grew louder and louder as they approached and Steve suspected that Hani must’ve washed his hands of them already.
“Happy Claiming, your Majesty,” someone replied.
“I was jealous okay?” Tony bursts out, whirling around to glare at him. “I was fucking jealous of him because he’s young and gorgeous and not fucking me!”
Steve started to laugh. Tony and Bucky stared at him like he’d lost his mind but he couldn’t help it. “What the – what the hell did you come up with to make this place go up in flames like that?” he managed to get out through his mirth. He felt awful but at the same time not? He didn’t know what Schmidt had forced him to drink during his captivity – some kind of elixir, he’d said -  but whatever it was, it was making him feel like he’d just taken a stroll through a park, but at the same time he felt like collapsing into a bed and sleeping for at least week. Maybe two.
“Twins?” Steve froze in the middle of a step and turned to stare at Tony. “You had twins? As in more than one?”
“I only said you have a big stomach,” Steve wheezed out through bouts of giggles.
“You’ll tell me if you want me to stop?”
Tony had to laugh through his tears. “I’m a hot mess and I love you so, so much, Steve,” he finished on another sob, shaking with the strength of it.
“You just watch it, Stark!” Rumlow shouted. “Next time I see you I’ll make better use of that fucking mouth of yours!”
“Yeah, okay.”
“You shouldn’t be here. Why aren’t you back at camp?” Steve insisted mulishly.
“What was that?” Steve looked around, standing on his toes to try and see over everyone’s heads. The market was crowded for a Tuesday; usually people flocked to the big square on the weekends when they had more time off from work to complete their errands.
Thor frowned. “You are wrong, friend Tony. Steve Rogers loves you deeply. Has he not respected your wishes when you asked him to cease his courtship? Is he not working on changes to guarantee yours and other omegas’ freedom? Has he not been attentive and courteous all this time?”
Tony nodded, satisfied with the knowledge that they wouldn’t freeze to death and handed Steve his shield; the familiar feeling of it in his hand like an old friend coming home.
“Bucky can suck my dick,” Steve told Tony pleasantly, crawling up on the bed and forcing Tony on his back, coming to loom over him with his hands resting on either side of Tony’s head with a hungry glint in his eyes. “The day he finds himself a mate of his own I’m going to laugh until I burst and give him so much shit, you’ll be amazed.”
Mood ruined, Steve sat back between Tony’s spread legs and raked a hand through his hair, as always taking no notice of how he messed up his braids.
“Darling, what’s wrong?” He sounded mildly alarmed when Steve’s shoulders shook. He couldn’t hold back the tears any longer. “Uh… Steve?”
“And I need to not be here a second more,” Tony cut her off. “I’ll take this with me and I’ll get it done until tomorrow. Tell Rhodey to keep his pants on; the engines will be done on time.”
They’d both refused to listen to the ones opposing their mating, the ones accusing Tony of using Steve and taking advantage of him to elevate his social status from commoner to royalty. So many had pulled Steve aside, thinking they were doing him a favor when they warned Steve about Tony’s past as an escort, that Tony was
“I’m already longing for when we can bid our guests goodnight and retreat to our bedroom.” The low timbre and the underlying heat in Steve’s voice has Tony’s dick twitching underneath his clothes. Charmed and more than a little aroused, Tony winds his arms around Steve’s strong shoulders and squeezes him tightly.
He was gentle as he placed it around Tony’s throat, the metal cold at first but quickly warming when in contact with his skin. Tony bowed his head so Steve could fasten it and the feeling of his calloused fingers on his skin made his breath hitch.
“I won’t say it again, you little cunt,” the alpha snapped, “step aside or I’ll move you.”
“You are.” Steve rebuked, tone brooking no arguments. “You are going to get your ass down to the north gate, place yourself with our son in the carriage and let Clint drive you all the way to Asgard and you will not make any protests or try to sneak off while Clint’s not looking.”
them. Fight, his brain screamed. Fight!
“Where’s the others?” he asked Tony, clenching his hand tighter.
What the…?
“That was…” Steve began softly, tenderly caressing Tony’s sweaty back, “so mind-blowing, I can’t find a fitting description.”
Tony swore, long and dirty. “That’s fucking it. I don’t want him hanging around with those two little assholes anymore. I don’t care what he says, they’re not good for him.”
“It’s my turn now,” Tony informed, breathlessly, prying Steve’s hands from their purchase on him, slinging his palms against Steve’s and interlocking their fingers tightly. “You just lay there and look pretty. It’s your first time too, after all.”
Tony stared again. He’d done that a lot in the span of half an hour. “You’re the crown-prince,” he intoned. Steve looked far too amused for his liking.
He opened the box and showed Tony the thin crown resting within; delicately crafted with concentric rings supported by spindly struts and a triangle-shaped sapphire in the middle of the circles. Tony gasped with a fresh wave of tears spilling down his cheeks.
“Really?” Tony seemed dubious.
Another man appeared before him; short and compact and not appropriately armored for a clash like this. Something about him felt off, Steve thought through the haze in his head. He frowned, brain sluggish; it felt like it’d been replaced by cotton. He was so tired but he had to keep moving, had to keep fighting. They couldn’t lose –
“How so, Omega Stark?” Thor inquired. Luckily it was a slower part of the dance; they could talk without having to shout.
He delicately traced over the middle of Steve’s back; the long, ugly scar there barely discernible through the silk tunic. Steve’s mind had been more occupied with Tony and the baby than the battle, that time, and he’d taken a sword to the back. He’d nearly died from blood-loss and the nasty infection following. Tony’s breath clogged in his throat. He never wanted to experience that kind of torturous worry ever again; to not know whether his mate would survive or not.
The thin chain of gold across his forehead and the bracelets around his biceps shine in the torchlight. In between the folds of his blood-red silk waistcloth, another set of gilded links wink from around his ankles. Steve, with a leer and an aroused glint in his eyes, had even exchanged Tony’s usual, plain navel piercing to the big, crimson ruby he’d gifted him on their fifteenth anniversary of their mating. It sparkles where it rests in the shallow divot on Tony’s flat stomach. Stifling a sigh, Tony’s resigned to showcase his riches and stretch marks both.
“Does this have something to do with that mysterious letter you got from Wakanda?”
“I’ll show you another time.” Steve sounded a little strained but his scent grew sharper, muskier.
Steve groaned at that and claimed Tony’s mouth in a fierce kiss, as if he couldn’t resist the pull between them anymore. It was different from all the other times they’d kissed; more potent, stronger and deeper than Tony was used to. Had Steve held back before? The thought sent a wave of want and longing through him, strong and undeniable, his knees almost buckled. Steve’s hands snaked around his naked back, gliding over his oiled skin with relish, plundering Tony’s plush, welcoming mouth with such fervor it made Tony shiver from the heady pleasure coursing through him.
“... I see,” Steve said slowly, at length, eyes trained on the stage. “Would you like me to stop courting you?”
“Don’t you fucking why me!” Tony yells, fury breaking his hold on his emotions and exploding inside of him like a gale of wildfire. He whirls around. “How could you use me like that? Was this a fun little game for you? A game of: Let’s see how far I can push Tony to get me information?”
Even twenty years later, Steve has never told him what he thinks is so special about Tony that he just had to claim him, way back then. Sighing, Tony ties off the last braid and quickly interlaces the three together, completing the hairstyle marking Steve as King and Highest Alpha, the one who rules their little land and commands their army.
“This is the most precious gem in my collection, a gift worthy of, well, kings.” Stone gives a small chuckle, like he thinks he’s funny with that stupid pun. Tony has a hard time not curling his lip in disgust. Steve’s hand lands on his knee under the table and gives a light squeeze. Steve’s face is politely attentive, but Tony can see the displeased expression in his eyes. He’s no more approving of Stone’s words than Tony is. Tony hates when people talk about omegas as objects, like they’re trinkets or things to be collected, polished and displayed then put away for another day.
Steve was… so good, he sometimes felt like he was conjured by Tony’s fantasies. Someone so remarkable they couldn’t exist in a world ruled by cold and cruel men. What did such a good person want with someone like Tony?
“We can be friends,” he managed to get out, around the big lump suddenly lodged in his throat. It was better this way. Steve was not for someone like Tony; someone tainted, poor and of low standing. Steve needed an exceptional omega of a royal line who could be there for him in ways Tony knew he never could be. Steve was amazing and he would make an equally amazing omega happy.
“It wasn’t how I’d imagined it,” Steve whispered at length.
Tony can’t really claim the high ground here and pretend like he’s never been jealous when other omegas have eyed Steve with lust and thrown him coy glances over the years, but he likes to think that he’s above such things as insecurity on where he stands with Steve. Their relationship has always been passionate and permeated with a deep love, which has, at times, left Tony both befuddled and nearly afraid of how deep it runs in him.
“You also look…” Tony was just as tongue tied, his mouth turned dry and sweat broke out between his shoulder blades.
The bully hadn’t known Steve was the crown-prince when he’d decked him but a guard witnessed the whole thing and intervened before the fight went further than the one blow. Bucky, completely disregarding Steve’s royalty-status and his own humble background, had declared them best friends and that was that.
“That good, huh?”
Tony liked it a lot.
“You’ll be careful?” Tony questioned softly and looked up, meeting Steve’s tender, love-filled gaze.
“Right, sorry Buck.”
“This is surreal,” Tony muttered when Thor executed a perfect twist, twirling Tony around expertly. Tony thanked the Gods his mother had taught him to dance when he was little. They’d laughed as they’d staggered around the table in their small kitchen, Tony standing on Maria’s feet with the sun shining in and painting their hovel in warm tones as they’d danced and danced. It was one of Tony’s most treasured memories of his mother.
“Uh…” Tony tried to make his way back from the pleasant haze of pleasure he’d slowly slipped into. He squinted and thought for a moment. “Since two years ago?”
Tony didn’t like the feeling of exposure creeping over him. Was he really so transparent that even a virtual stranger could read him that easily?
Steve turns to look at Tony over his shoulder, frowning. “What?”
Steve leaned in to kiss his mate, filling it with as much love and thankfulness he could manage. “Yes. Thank you for coming after me.”
“How did you mean it then? Cause that’s bullshit, Steve and you know it!”
“Me too,” he whispers hotly into Steve’s neck, inhaling his rich and familiar scent. He steps back from Steve’s embrace, his resigned expression mirroring that of his mate. Steve brings out his shaving kit and Tony turns to the mirror in the corner to ensure his own hair - gathered into a tight tail at the crown and left to cascade down to the middle of his back - is still immaculate.
Hani bows gracefully, his motions loose and confident. “I thank your Majesty and his consort, for having me here tonight.”
“Please, call me Tony”, Tony said. It didn’t feel right to be so formal with someone who’d bared their heart to him.
Tony eyeballed Bucky – his strained face and the way he couldn’t even stand without assistance. “Yeah, no. We’re getting you out of here now.”
“I think they got out further down the mountain,” Tony replied between coughs. “This place is a huge fucking maze; it stretches for miles inside the foothill and has several exits.”
Tony thought he could be excused for the high-pitched squeak he gave when he finally removed the lid and bared the content to his eyes. He was astonished, unable to form a reply, his mouth opening and closing like a fish on dry land.
“What the fuck have you done with him?” Steve growled at the guards. They paused and one turned to him with a smirk.
“Hey, commoner!” one of them called. “In which ditch did you dig up that rag you’re wearing?”
“Give him a room for the night, I’ll deal with him tomorrow.”
“Come here,” he says, reaching out to Tony. Head dropping forward and shoulders slumping even as he reaches back, Tony curls his fingers around Steve’s thicker ones. Steve slowly pulls him across the room, until he’s standing with his back to the big mirror in the corner. He pivots and gently tugs Tony in front him, making him face the mirror. Steve’s right behind him, his chin hooked over Tony’s shoulder.
“I am fucking calm!” Tony growls, blinded by something that feels a lot like betrayal. He throws back an elbow, aiming for Steve’s ribs, but he blocks it and tightens his grasp even more.
“Wha-”
“That was a ballsy move,” Tony finally manages to get out, at length. “It could’ve gone very wrong.”
Before Stone knows what’s happening, Tony shoves his knee, hard, into his unprotected crotch. Stone shouts in pain and crumples forward, straight into Tony’s other knee, which breaks his nose on impact. Making an inhuman sound, Stone falls to the floor. He moves feebly, simultaneously trying to cup his dick and his heavily bleeding nose.
“It still looked like flirting to me,” Tony mutters sullenly, pleased and appeased, but still feeling petty about the whole thing. Steve releases him with a sigh and pinches the bridge of his nose.
“You’re right,” Steve said calmly. “I asked Loki to write to you and you’re going in fifteen minutes. Your luggage is loaded in the carriage and Clint’s going with you. He’s with Patrick; you shouldn’t keep them waiting.”
They trudged down the passage behind Tony; the pace was slower than he’d like, due to Bucky’s injuries and inability to walk by himself at the moment. However, Steve couldn’t help when his eyes slid over Tony’s form, over and over. It was just so… hard to grasp that his mate had come for him and kicked Hydra’s ass while he was at it.
Tony slapped him lightly on top of his head. “Hey.”
sweeping through him.
“Yes, Sir!” Saluting smartly, the captain and his men hauled their captive away.
Tony was staring at him with his arms crossed over his chest, soft hair gathered into a simple braid and clad in the same, red gambeson he’d worn the last time he’d followed Steve into battle.
“I think we should move on, Steve,” he mumbled with a nervous look around them. More and more people were beginning to recognize their crown-prince; it wasn’t that hard after all. Steve was tall, blond and blue-eyed - inherited traits from his mother - in a country where the most common traits were short stature, dark hair and dark eyes.
“That’s not what I meant.” Was it Tony’s imagination, or did Steve sound a little pissed? Well, good. Tony was pissed too now.
Tony looked after him and mourned the money he would never see now and the rent he would have to find another way to pay.
Nodding, Tony stepped back. “I’ll come back in a few weeks, whether you’ve finally killed Schmidt or not.”
“You didn’t know?” Steve asks, incredulous.
Somehow, despite his upbringing where everything was a commodity to be bartered and sold to the highest bidder, Tony had always refused when his father – fucking Howard – had tried to sell him to some horny alpha panting after him. Despite knowing love was something that happened to others – never to him – Tony had chosen to guard his virginity with tooth and claws, holding out for some intangible notion that it was too precious to just sell and discard like yesterday’s trash.
Steve eyed Tony and his armor. “How hard did you hit him?” he motioned with his chin at the dead man.
Tony threw up his hands and turned back to Steve. “You want to have this discussion now, when we’re minutes away from getting cut down by Doom’s fucking minions?”
It wasn’t like Tony really could blame Stern. While Steve was the epitome of a young, strong and beautiful alpha, Stern was decidedly not. He was rather short, only an inch or so taller than Tony, beer-bellied and soft faced and in the middle of his fifties. Before Steve’s obvious strength – as he’d built up a lot of muscles during the months since he’d forcibly befriended Tony – Stern looked all the more like the pitiful alpha he was.
“This is such a bad idea,” Clint sighed resignedly. “Steve’s gonna kill me.”
Lost in the hazy pleasure from Steve’s assault on his mouth and the hands roaming his upper body, Tony didn’t take notice of how Steve slowly maneuvered them until he could fall back in the bed, with Tony splaying over his front with a soft, “Oumf!” of surprise.
Steve nodded thoughtfully. While Natasha’s plan had merits, Steve didn’t like where that left the rest of the oncoming army. “I think it’s a good idea but we still have the western front to worry about. We can’t leave ourselves open for an attack while we’re dealing with this.”
“I think you should,” Tony answered loftily, bursting out laughing when Steve gave a mock growl and tackled him to the floor. Suffice to say, they were a little late for dinner.
“…alright. Steve.” Tony rolled the name off his tongue, liking the way it felt to say it. “What can I help you with?”
He’d taken Tony on a tour around the castle, showing him where everything was and introducing him to all of the people working and living there. He didn’t think much of it when Tony seemed the most excited about the big building behind the keep, which housed the royal forge and a big, open space dedicated to designing and building Brooklyn’s famous siege engines.
“Unfortunately, not what you’re thinking of,” Steve said with an apologetic pout. “We need to have a talk with the kids, Patrick especially.”
“I got you,” Tony said, weak but surer because of it. “I’m right here with you, Steve.” He clenched and swiveled his hips, gasping at the feeling of Steve’s knot thickening just inside of his entrance. “I need your knot, Steve. Give it to me.” Tony had meant it to come out like a command, but it morphed into a plea somewhere; he was too frantic for Steve to finally claim him to be bothered by it.
“I’m…” Tony considered lying, to tell Steve nothing was wrong and to get on with it. The words died before his tongue could curl around them: it didn’t sit right with him to lie to Steve, to his
Fact: He’s given Steve three children. Even if he’s not going to be the omega Steve beds from this night on, he’s still going to be in his life. That has to count for something, right?
“…I’m just going to clean you up and I’ll help you upstairs, okay?” Steve said slowly. It looked like he was trying to breathe through his mouth. Tony nodded rapidly without saying anything. He had to take a deep breath when Steve’s scent filled his nose, enticing his Heat to send another, painful wave through him. Oh gods. Having Steve here made him feel safe and taken care of, but damned if it helped his body calm down. His presence was making it worse, because Tony had never gone so deep into his period so fast before. Although, being chased around half the city and then nearly raped had probably not helped.
Steve gave an amused snort. “You and your big stomach?”
“Tony?” Both Steve and Bucky burst out at the same time.
“You’re always so fucking considerate,” Tony huffed angrily and crossed his arms over his chest with a pout, locking his eyes at a spot on the ceiling.
“Tony, you’re pregnant,” Steve said, exasperated. “You’ll head back to Manhattan tonight; I don’t want you here for this.”
Steve stood on shaky legs and looked around, drinking in the breathtaking view. They were almost at the top of the mountain, Brooklyn spreading out before them in the distance. It was almost dawn; Steve could see the sky brightening in the east as night slowly fell away. He spotted a path leading down into the valley below, narrow but seemingly well maintained.
“And you know he was a soldier in the army and my right-hand man, I might add?”
The guards ignored his shouts as they ascended and threw Bucky into his cell. Bucky didn’t make a sound when he landed on the cold, stone floor.
?” Steve yelled back, rage slowly filling him when he realized that it actually was Tony, here, with him. On a fucking battlefield.
“What do you think we converse about during our matches?” Thor answered, dryly. “Friend Steve’s prowess as a warrior is growing, for sure, but he is yet no match for me. We have to entertain ourselves with something while sparring.”
Their relationship has always been and remains an unorthodox one. Steve has never treated Tony like the world treats omegas: as brainless ornaments, devoted to childbirth and silly pleasures only, never to be troubled with worries bigger than what clothes to wear and how much jewelry they have. No, Steve has always addressed Tony as his equal, and made Tony his consort as well as his mate the day he claimed him.
“Alright, be careful.”
“Tony could fall in love with Thor,” Sam pointed out, unhelpfully. “He’s got that dreamy prince charming thing going. Omegas love stuff like that.”
Steve’s eyes softened and his mouth stretched in a tremulous smile. “Don’t be, it’s only me” he said as he cupped Tony’s cheek tenderly. Tony couldn’t help but nuzzle into the wide, warm palm, suppressing the urge to purr like a contented cat.
After the combined Claiming and coronation feast Tony was led into the royal bedchamber by a gaggle of giggling servants. The anticipation hovering over them was thick enough to cut with a knife, a tangible tone humming in between the unspoken words and knowing glances the small group exchanged as they helped Tony get ready for the Claiming night.
Steve gasped along with the rest of the hall as a shield came into view; only it was of a kind he had never seen before. It was round and painted in red and blue circles with a large, white star in the middle – the symbol of Brooklyn.
“It’s actually one of the things I love most about you, your Highness. You’re also infallibly kind, brave, righteous and one of the best men I’ve ever met.” Tony lifted the collar out of the box, offering it to Steve. “Put this on me?”
“I like you too, Thor. I’m honestly a little amazed by how much you know about me and what Steve’s been doing. You’re not here more than once a year.”
The door slid shut, closing them inside Tony’s warm, silent and safe kitchen. Steve slowly lowered Tony into a chair and lit the candle standing in the middle of the table, getting a good look at Tony’s face. He gave a growl so low it was bordering on subvocal; Tony could feel it vibrate through his bones more than he heard it.
“It is,” Steve nodded.
“Typical alpha,” Tony panted when Steve had built enough momentum to rock the entire bed along with their motions, growing increasingly frustrated at the sedate pace.
“Okay,” he relented shakily. “I’ll go.”
Suspicion started to creep into the back of Tony’s mind, but he played along and nodded in response to Steve’s apparent disbelief. “Yeah, he and Sam mated two years ago, almost three if I’m not mistaken.”
Tony felt a small pang of hurt at that, satisfied lethargy replaced by burgeoning irritation in an instant. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“I’d rather eat shit and die,” Tony muttered. The key refused to find its way into the hole, his hands trembling too much and the sweat dripping into his eyes didn’t help the situation. He didn’t know what he’d been thinking, going out just before his Heat was about to begin. He’d felt the telltale tingling at the base of his spine just before he locked the shop up, but he was out of food and had to restock before the Heat hit him full force.
“Say you’ll be mine Tony,” Steve whispered. “Say you’ll be mine and I’ll never let you go, same as I’ll be yours for the rest of my days and longer still.”
She’d never met an injustice she didn’t want to right, even when she was little, and if Patrick ever decided he didn’t want to take over the throne after him, Steve would make sure it went to both Rhia and Peter instead. An omega regent was unheard of, let alone two, but so was an omega consort before Tony. Nothing was impossible if Steve had anything to say about it.
The gathering held their collective breath when Steve raised the shield and put it on his arm; nearly weightless and almost humming, it felt like it was singing to him. Steve had never been more amazed by Tony; this amazing, intelligent man who had somehow come to love Steve enough to give him a gift worthy of the Gods themselves.
Finally, allowed to move after letting Tony do his duty as consort, Steve turns to look Tony in the eye. “What thoughts are running through that beautiful head of yours?” He smiles, and Tony can’t help but smile back. By the gods how he loves this man; his mate, lover and king, with an intensity bordering on obsession.
A tiny scream, quickly followed by another, had Tony gingerly getting up from the chaise he’d been resting in. Hungry mouths waited for no-one, he thought wryly as he went to the bassinet by the window. Two newborns lay there – screaming their little lungs out.
Steve shoots him an apologetic look but his face hardens as he turns to stare down at Stone’s frightened face. “If my mate wasn’t so adept at taking care of himself, I’d get my shield and let it do the talking for me. You disgust me, Lord Stone and if you ever come near my mate again, I won’t hesitate to bash your fucking face in.”
“Do you even have to ask?” Clint smirked back, taking a step forward. After clearing his throat, he then bellowed, “LIAR LIAR PANTS ON FIRE!” at the top of his lungs. They both burst out laughing as the children froze. Patrick and Rhia stared at Clint while Peter finally busted out the tears, wailing loud enough to drown out his siblings’ previous fight.
“I don’t know, probably some fight,” Bucky shrugged, unconcerned. “Let’s get going, we’re not supposed to be out here alone. We’re gonna get in trouble if someone recognizes you.”
“Men,” Natasha sighs and rolls her eyes as Bucky reaches down and yanks Stone roughly to his feet.
Bucky’s laugh was dark and cruel. “How are you gonna manage that, huh? You haven’t busted us out yet and I’m already short one arm. I kinda want to keep the other where it is.”
Their harsh breaths were the only sounds in the room for a while, as they basked in this perfect moment. Tony cracked one eye open and glanced at Steve’s face, taking in his blissed-out expression with a small, satisfied smile.
“He didn’t do what I told him to,” the alpha said with no further explanation.
“You’re fired, all of you,” Tony sulked and crossed his arms over his chest with a huff; trying to look as dignified as a grown, pregnant omega could while resting in his mate’s warm, strong arms.
“Lucky bastard,” another one muttered when they drew back and closed the door behind them, leaving Tony and Steve to stare at each other in anticipatory silence.
“Out of my fucking way, omega,” the alpha spat, spittle flying when he snarled and took a threatening step forward. The omega didn’t budge an inch.
“Gods give me strength,” he mutters. His hand falls away and he looks at Tony for a long moment. “Why are you still doubting me? And don’t try to lie to me and tell me it’s nothing,” he warns, when Tony opens his mouth to do just that.
“You can have him when we’re done,” someone slurred. “The bitch’s in Heat, he won’t care if you get a turn too!”
Eventually the din died down but Tony didn’t dare to move. He jumped when all of a sudden something warm and soft was draped over his exposed back and ass.
Steve scoffed, annoyed. “I can’t believe the council tried to hold my right to the throne over my head like some kind of bargain chip. Your rights as a human being are more important to me than their sulking.”
He’d grown invested eventually, sitting at the edge of his seat and listening with rapt attention, especially when Tony had told them about how he’d escaped the castle by picking a lock and stealing a horse. It’d been an eye-opener, telling his children about everything he’d done over the years, how hard he’d fought to be able to stand at Steve’s side as an equal – both in the eyes of Steve and their society.
“Don’t have one, don’t need one to keep me in line.” Tony wasn’t ashamed of his single status. “My thoughts and actions are my own, unlike yours.”
Ignoring Tony’s indignant protest, he hoists him up until Tony can wrap his legs around Steve’s waist and carries himt to their bed.
“Men,” Natasha sighed.
“Certainly, your Majesty.”
“This was your idea,” he pointed out as he deliberately stared into the opposite direction from a hungry-looking alpha that was eyeing them from across the sea of dancing couples, trying to make eye-contact.
“Lucky for me you’re not a foe, then,” Steve chuckled, wincing when it jostled his stinging ribs.
“I found it in one of the labs.” Tony bent down and retrieved it, putting it on his own arm.
“Oh, I don’t know,” Bruce replied dryly. “Maybe the fact that Steve invited you and you’re so in love with him you can’t deny him anything he asks of you?”
Tony must’ve passed out at some point, because he had no idea how long it’d been before he was able to register the calm beating of his heart or the way he could take a deep breath without choking on spit and arousal.
“You’re in Heat, of course you’re consenting!”
A slow smile spread over Steve’s face; it was so wide his cheeks ached. “You forget something, jerk.”
“I promise I’ll take care of him,” Rhodes assured him.
“The treaty was a sham, all along, right? Stane most likely sent you here to divide and conquer and then he’ll sweep in and try to usurp the throne when Steve and I are busy with the havoc you hoped to wreak. That’s it, isn’t it?”
“You okay?” Steve sounded like he’d gargled gravel, his voice was so strained and hoarse, seemingly dazed and worried at the same time.
“Stop!” Tony strangled out around the blood in his mouth. “Don’t do this!” They shouldn’t touch him; Steve would kill them and then him for
“I’m still waiting,” Bucky remarked at them when they didn’t react beyond staring at the thick piece of wood and contemplated how close that had been.
He raised his head so he could see Tony’s face in the throes of passion; his eyes closed and soft mouth forming a small “o” around ardent moans as Steve gave him everything of himself. The love rearing up inside of him was so strong, he felt lightheaded for a moment.
“I will,” Steve insisted stubbornly. “Just you watch.”
“No, I know,” Steve assured, giving Tony’s ass a quick, fond squeeze, a smile flirting with the corners of his mouth. “I know that’s not who you are. I just imagined you’d let me take charge in bed.” He giggled. “Silly me.”
“What is it?”
“I’m not so far gone yet,” Tony gritted out. “I know who you are and what I’m doing. I want you, Steve.”
“Still doesn’t make it right that you should
“They-they didn’t have the time to- “ Tony had to stop and swallow when the realization of how close those men had come to raping him slammed into him. He tried to suppress a new wave of tears and the accompanying sobs. “They didn’t get a chance to do more than break my nose and hold me down. They didn’t… they didn’t rape me.”
“Tony, I’m going to- “ The words sounded punched out of Steve, gravely and pleading and tinged with a desperate edge, his face mirroring the urgency.
Ignoring the chanting crowd and all of his smarting injuries – small though they may be, they stung like hell – Steve climbed to his feet and raised his shield. It was made out of sturdy wood and had saved his skin more than once in previous tournaments. Thor was by far the biggest competitor he’d ever faced off against, but it didn’t stop Steve from challenging him time and again.
Steve was honest and always kept his word. With the king’s health waning, Steve was stepping in more and more to help his father, leaving him less time to spare to visit Tony and Bruce, but Tony had heard that certain laws were on the table for amendments. Laws concerning omegas.
“Well, what do you think?”
“Aye,” Thor said with a great sigh. “He is the omega my heart has chosen. It makes me a fool I suppose, as he has yet to speak even a word to me, despite my most ardent attempts to woo him.”
, he mused drowsily.
“Oh man, I can’t miss it. I’m gonna go get Bucky, he’s going to love this.” Clint giggled with glee and hurried out of the room. Steve sighed heavily and shook his head after him.
“Well it sure didn’t look like it when I came around!”
Tony refused to answer, stubbornly keeping his eyes on that spot. Was that mold? They should take care of that before it became a problem. Before they knew it, the whole castle could become a cesspool of filth and dirt and-
“That was too close,” Steve panted when the last man lay unconscious at their feet.
“I’ll send word as soon as we’re done. Be safe, my love.”
“You’ll have to ask him.” Bruce motioned towards the door leading out into the shop. The forge was located at the back of the building, and the shop, with its knives, swords and other miscellaneous armor and weapons, in the front. “He’s waiting.”
“I want to give you everything,” Tony whispered, new tears spilling down his cheeks.
Inside, Patrick and Rhia stood toe to toe, screaming at each other for all their worth. Peter sat on the floor beside them, taking in their anger with a wide-eyed stare, lower lip wobbling dangerously. They were so absorbed by their fight; they didn't even notice the audience in the door.
“I hate this,” he muttered. “I hate the thought of you going anywhere right now where I can’t be with you and protect you.”
“No, you didn’t. I liked it.”
“How in the hell do you know about this but I don’t?” Steve giggled-wheezed, tears forming at the corners of his eyes.
“I’ve a good memory; I’ll remember for you.”
“Be safe,” Steve managed to choke out, his eyes starting to mist as Tony left the tent on quiet feet.
“You’ll be careful, alright?”
“Then why- “
“I misspoke, Omega Stark”, Thor hurried to assure him. “Loki is in Asgard voluntarily as part of the treaty my father, King Odin, signed with our neighboring country Jotunheim a long time ago. One child per generation is sent from Asgard to Jotunheim and vice versa, to be raised in each other’s country to keep the peace. My good friend, Sif, was sent to Jotunheim on the eve of her tenth birthday and Loki was chosen to come to us.”
“I really hope you do.”
“You’re saying that like it’s anything new,” Clint grumped. “A combination of you and Tony can’t be anything other than rowdy, if you want to be polite about it.”
Tony sat up so fast it made him dizzy, aches forgotten, and stared at the empty bed, his empty room. Steve wasn’t there. Tony placed a hand on the rumpled pillow beside his, it was cold and Tony knew without checking that Steve wasn’t even in the building anymore. It was just a feeling of emptiness hanging in the air, dust-motes dancing slowly and undisturbed in the small shaft of light shining in through a small slot where the curtains weren’t entirely pulled shut.
“Really. I promise I wouldn’t keep something like that from you.”
“Knot me until I can’t see straight, huh?” He lowers his lashes so he can give Stone a coy look, cocking his hip just so, to make the ruby in his navel catch the light from the torch just outside the niche. Tony knows how to do this - for a time his life used to depend on it - and he will again, for the sake of Steve and his kingdom.
Tony was left stunned with a hand outstretched after Steve when he ran out and thundered down the narrow stairs.
“Clint can- “
“This isn't a place for omegas!”
Steve doesn’t really look like he cares all that much.
“Steve, we have to get out of here!” Tony yelled into Steve’s ear, voice breaking in the middle. “Doom sent in reinforcements; they’re going to surround us!”
His tone must’ve penetrated the lust-filled fog in Steve’s head because he looked down at Tony with a small frown. “What’s what supposed to mean?”
“That’s the one.”
The crowd erupted into a cacophony of protests, threats and exclamations of injustice. Steve didn’t hear them, he could only watch as tears fell from Tony’s eyes, smudging his makeup but so much more beautiful because of it. He waited until the din died down before speaking up again. “And lastly…” He half-turned with his arm outstretched, accepting the thin, square box Bucky held out to him. “It states that a person, whether of noble, royal or common origins will be declared Consort and rule by the king’s or queen’s side as an equal upon a union of marriage.”
And Tony could only laugh and laugh for the rest of the night while Thor kept him company. Nat, Clint, Sam and Bucky all appeared at one time and another, but Steve’s absence was like a sore thumb none of them mentioned. When Tony found Bruce in a corner, talking amicably with Natasha, they both agreed that the night hadn’t been a complete disaster and returned home in good spirits.
“Oh.” Tony fell silent, then asked, “I wasn’t either, if that makes you feel better?”
He was so provocative, almost suggestive, where he stood with his arms crossed and legs far apart, strong jaw and high cheekbones defined as he held his chin defiantly lifted and faced the enraged alpha head on.
“Thanks, handsome, but you can stand down now.” Not waiting for a reply, Stark turned to the omega cowering on the ground. He was shaking and muttering and flinched when Stark crouched down and gently placed a hand on his shaking shoulder.
“A well-paying asshole,” Tony pointed out. “I needed the money he was willing to fork up to buy my company for a night. And I can take care of myself.”
“Fuck,” Bucky swore. “I really wanted to kill him.”
“Please,” Tony moaned, “I need you now.”
“Let’s go then,” Steve said. “I don’t want to keep them waiting.”
“We were discussing the merits of omegas as soldiers in our last lesson,” she said primly, right on cue, “Patrick had a lot to say on the topic and I told him where he’s wrong. He didn’t like it.”
If it hadn’t been for the pressing need to talk with their children, Patrick in particular, Steve would’ve scoped Tony up in his arms and carried him to their bed and taken a few hours to pleasure his beloved omega to his heart’s content.
“What merits?” Steve wondered, interested to hear their opinions. As an alpha, Patrick could be somewhat overbearing on the twins, which they didn’t like at all. Raised by Tony and Steve to mind their manners, be kind to others, listen to people and always, always remember that their designated gender wasn’t a hindrance in any way, their kids were headstrong and didn’t let anyone tell them they couldn’t do something. But they had to listen to their parents. That one was non-negotiable.
“I really didn’t mean to make you feel like I put you in that situation to get information for me. It killed me not to step in and bash Stone’s face against the wall, but when I got there you already had him on the ground.” Taking a deep breath, Steve says, “I know you can take care of yourself, Tony.”
“Sure, buddy, and I’m gonna try flying for a change, tomorrow,” Bucky snorted in amusement.
“I-I would like to say no,” Bruce began, slowly, “but that would be a lie. Brock wasn’t like that in the beginning. He changed when he lost his job and started drinking. I’m not saying that it’s okay, how he treated me,” he hurriedly assured, noticing the look in Tony’s eyes. “What I am saying is that, for the first few years, we were happy. I loved him very much and he loved me too, once upon a time. I can’t regret the happiness we gave each other before it went wrong.”
“Will do,” Bucky nodded, glancing sideways at Tony. He took in the thunderous expression on Tony’s face and smirked at Steve. “Good luck, pal. Seems like you’ll need it.”
He was not alone and the sight of him dancing with a tall, slender, black-haired man as gracefully as Thor was carting Tony around, made Tony’s heart clench painfully. Tony knew betrayal intimately - he’d felt its sharp claws dig into his soul far too many times over his short life-time - but it had never felt like being un-made. Like Steve had literally reached inside of him and ripped his heart out with his bare hands.
“What’s he doing here?” Tony asked, completely bewildered.
“And you came charging in like a white knight and punched him right back,” Tony murmurs with a small laugh.
“Not much further!” Tony yelled back. “It’s just up ahead!”
“My point exactly,” Steve said drily. “Now, what’s this shouting about? You were loud enough to make the cows in the fields moo.”
Tony had just been about to swallow a mouthful of water but at Bruce’s words he choked on it. Sputtering and coughing, Tony eyeballed Bruce disbelievingly through watery eyes.
Tony was blushing furiously. With heating cheeks his eyes darted around the packed room, his gaze roved over couples dancing, groups standing in small clusters laughing and talking, people drinking and having a really good time. And there, at the edge of the hall on the other side from where he and Thor were dancing, was Steve.
They could hear distant screams and more thundering booms; Steve had never heard anything like it. They waited with bated breaths as the noises came closer and jumped when a guard’s face was suddenly smashed up against the bars in the door. His face was bloody and terrified and he vanished with a high pitched scream of terror before they could react.
Tony arched against him as best as he could with his big stomach in the way. “Bucky is mated,” he got out around a bitten off moan, as one of Steve’s hands slowly slipped underneath his rough work tunic, stroking his rounded belly lovingly before making its way under the waistband of his pants.
Tony’s mood soured further. Where the hell was Steve and the others? Tony wasn’t here to stand around and be the night’s laughingstock, that was for sure.
“What the fuck?” he intones flatly.
Tony smiled when he could meet his gaze; nothing else but love shining out of his brown eyes. “Feel better?” he asked without any hint of mockery.
“I’m gonna claim and marry that omega,” Steve whispered, almost to himself.
Tony was grinning now, too. “I call it black powder. Packs quite a punch even in small amounts. I’ve a few ideas of how we can use it to make long-range weapons with three-times the destructive power of a trebuchet.”
Steve answered calmly, “No. I want to claim you and marry you and have you by my side as my mate. I think we’ve danced enough around each other. Besides, I’ve spent the last three days with you in Heat and I’ve held back to the point where I think my knot will never go down again. If that doesn’t convince you of my intentions, I don’t know what will.”
And that magic in your touch.
It wasn’t enough.
“I’m fine.” Steve ignored Bucky’s grin and Sam’s snickers. They could take a long walk off a short pier as far as he was concerned; Steve was even going to be so kind and point them in the right direction.
Johann Schmidt had been a thorn in Steve’s side ever since he was a teenager; his father had cast him out of the castle when he’d discovered just what his leading alchemist was spending the King’s money on: sick experiments on humans that would turn an omega into an alpha – all to give him the power to change the very laws of nature. He fancied himself something of a God, and his equally twisted sycophants worshipped the ground he walked on. They called themselves Hydra and Steve hated the whole lot of them with his whole being.
“Really?” Tony wanted to make sure. “Can I take Bruce with me? I don’t want to leave him alone in the forge.”
They walked around in a constant state of sexual bliss and Bucky was so sick of Steve’s complacent face he’d threatened so deflect to Latveria and join Doom’s doomsday cult if Steve didn’t stop. Steve didn’t think he would; he was nice that way.
He didn’t like his fellow peers anymore than they liked him; Bucky was the only exception and that was because Bucky wasn’t a noble like the rest of them. Bucky was a commoner sent to train as a squire at the castle and they’d been as thick as thieves from the age of five, when Bucky had defended Steve against another older and much bigger boy also in training.
“Bruce doesn’t?”
Tony clutched Steve’s jacket tighter around him when the touch caused a new surge of Heat to sweep through him. Steve paused in his ministrations and Tony could see his nostrils flaring and his throat bobbed when he swallowed. They froze like that, staring into each other’s eyes. Tony’s ass clenched and his heart throbbed in his chest when he saw Steve’s pupils widening, the blue reduced to a thin ring around them.
at him, let alone give him a chance.
The compassion in your touch,
Yinsen motioned to him and Steve obediently walked up the aisle between rows and rows of pews, filled to capacity with people – nobility and commoners gathered from all of Manhattan. Many of them had never witnessed a coronation or a royal claiming. It made Steve’s hands sweaty; all of those gazes trained on him as he drew closer to Tony and Yinsen, with Bucky by his side.
Tony relaxes and a smile he knows screams seduction and promises untold pleasures slowly stretches his mouth. It’s been a while but Tony remembers how it’s done.
Tony’s face turned stubborn. “Like hell I will. You don’t have enough captains for this and I am the only one left the men would follow. You don’t have a choice.”
Patrick immediately turned around and knelt before Peter, putting a comforting hand on his little brother’s shoulder. “It’s all right, buddy,” he tried to soothe him. “No one’s angry at you.”
Steve surged up and caught Tony’s smiling mouth in a deep kiss, hope and happiness and love overtaking him completely. They’d tried for so long and it had never happened. Steve had ignored the whispers around him; whispers that said Tony was barren, that Steve had chosen an unsuitable mate, that their marriage was a sham, that they weren’t a good match.
“I do,” Steve promised.
“Rhia then,” Tony prompted. “She’s been up in his business again.”
They’d weathered the voices shouting that Tony wasn’t good enough to be Steve’s mate, that Steve had made a mistake when he’d chosen Tony. That it was a punishment from the Gods’ when Tony didn’t get pregnant right away.
Tony inhales sharply and without a word he sweeps past Steve and Sam, angrily stalking down the corridor towards the royal suite. He won’t show Steve how those words cut into him. He fucking won’t even if it kills him!
He had stopped courting when Tony had asked him to, but Steve had dedicated all of their time together after that to learn all he could about the amazing omega his heart had chosen. Therefore, it came as a complete surprise when it turned out that Tony was way more intelligent than Steve could have ever guessed.
“Come on, lover-boy.” Bucky shook his head with a sigh and thumped Steve on the back. “Mr. Hammond must’ve noticed us missing by now.”
“Sure thing, punk,” Bucky says gleefully. “It’s been too long since I got to escort someone!”
“Buck?” he asked when Bucky finally managed to drag himself onto his own pallet. “You alright?”
A relieved expression stole over Steve’s face and he exhaled shakily. It was like all of his bones just melted away and he sank down on top of Tony, resting his weight on his elbows at each side of Tony’s head, but enough of him pressed against Tony to make him feel enveloped and safe in Steve’s embrace.
Tony stormed into Steve’s study, so angry he could hardly speak. Steve didn’t even acknowledge his arrival, the bastard, and kept his attention on Bucky while he relayed the latest intel on Schmidt’s movements with a passive face.
“I do,” Tony promised with a mischievous twinkle in his eyes that made Steve smile.
He deeply regretted it when he ran into a rowdy, drunken group of alphas stumbling out of a tavern, catching him too far from home. Despite the alcohol clouding their shrunken brains, it took them no time at all to sniff him out. Tony escaped by the skin of his teeth and sprinted for home as fast as he could manage. Sadly, that hadn’t stopped the alphas from pursuing him; on the contrary, it had only incited them even more. Tony had led them on a wild goose-chase around the Lower East Side and thought he’d managed to get rid of them. A loud smash from a bottle shattering against stone nearby told him he’d failed.
“Hey!” Steve protested with a laugh. “That was one time!”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Tony didn’t get offended this time. He was trying something new, along with his new status as a royalty and claimed; he was going to set his insecurities to the side for a while and just listen.
It hurt; Steve could see Tony wince when he let his teeth sink into Tony’s supple skin and glanced at the side of his face. Steve slid a hand around Tony’s midsection, pulling him against his chest and closed his eyes when Tony let out a small moan, pain mingling  with pleasure. The scent of omega-slick reaching his nose made Steve growl and he bit down harder, until the coppery tang of blood coated his tongue. He drew back, licking over the bleeding imprint left behind. Steve could hear another roar of cheers distantly. It wasn’t important, only Tony was.
“Go, dance with him, I’ll be fine here,” Tony whispers and holds back from saying what’s really on his mind. Stone seems all too eager to listen in to them, and even though Steve seems far from convinced, he gives a sharp nod and escorts Hani to the middle of the floor with a polite: “It would be my pleasure.” Tony doesn't want to look at them but he can’t tear his eyes away. They look so good together; they move gracefully in the steps of the dance, Steve regal and calm and Hani gracefully following, adoration shining in his eyes.
Steve kissed every inch of skin he could reach. He took both of Tony’s wrists in one of his hands and held them over Tony’s head, caressing his face, collarbones, chest, stomach and hips with the other. He littered Tony’s neck and chest with bites and hickeys, growling in satisfaction with each new bruise blooming as proof of his unrestrained passion.
He would not kick up a fuss the day Steve found someone else. He would let Steve go and remain his confidant and friend, if not his lover and mate. He’d sworn. But fuck, he’d never thought it would hurt this much.
He’s way too flippant for Tony’s tastes, but he tries to hold back the reproach when he answers. “Yeah well… if the negotiations tanks because you won’t accept a new little something to add to your harem, don’t say I didn’t warn you.”
“What?” Tony’s completely taken off guard. He quickly gets up; he feels too vulnerable sitting down when Stone is looking at him like that.
“What the hell, man?” he exclaimed as he rubbed his nose. Steve had recently shot up in height; Bucky wasn’t used to his nose being level with Steve’s neck.
“I’ll show him my knot,” another slurred, “I’ll shove it so deep down his throat he’ll choke.”
They stood facing each other, their profiles to the crowd. Steve held Tony’s left hand in his as Yinsen weaved the Bonding cord around their joined hands three times, chanting and asking the Gods for their blessing, reciting the words that would bind Tony to Steve and vice versa.
Well.
Bruce’s smile was gentle as he looked at Tony with kind eyes. “I sometimes forget that you’re so young, Tony. Love isn’t something to be afraid of. The more you’re denying yourself and Steve the happiness you could have together, the more miserable you’re going to be.”
“Don’t ask me, look for yourself.”
“I don’t think you’re fat, by the way,” Steve said reassuringly, nodding thanks to a servant when she was kind enough to open the door to their rooms for him and  pushed it shut with his foot behind them.
“You have no say in this,” Tony informed him as he stepped up to the table, elbowing Natasha out of the way and ignoring her glare. “I’ll take a small force with me and we’ll execute Natasha’s plan while you deal with Schmidt and his army once and for all.”
“You don’t believe omegas need an alpha to vote for them, handle their money and monitor every aspect of their lives?” Tony wondered, skeptically. He’d never heard an alpha say a word against the restricting laws concerning omegas.
Bucky whistled softly beside him. “Quite a firecracker, that one.”
“…Hey Steve,” he said slowly. “What’re you doing here?”
“But I want you,” Tony said, helpless. “I-I’m in love with you, Steve! I’m scared as fuck and I don’t know what to do with that but I’m so fucking in love with you I’d let you do anything to me!”
Panting heavily, Tony’s words penetrated the pleasure-induced fog in his head and his arms jerked around Tony, jostling him and making him moan again when it made Steve’s knot press more firmly against his prostate.
He deflated against the bars, harsh pants echoing in the cavernous room. “Fuck!” he hissed, exhausted. What the hell was he going to do?
, a voice in his head whispered.
Tony knew he had no business blushing, but the heat in his cheeks said otherwise. How was it that Steve seemed to see the deepest, darkest corners of his soul, to understand his innermost workings, and still love him? Tony didn’t realise that he could fall any further for this amazing man, but here he was, hurtling deeper down the deep crevasse known as love. He had no idea if he’d ever hit bottom.
“If your brain wasn’t as small as your knot, you’d listen to him. You can’t afford to drink away the fact that your dick’s small and shriveled, Rumlow.”
Tony couldn’t even move before Steve was on him, taking his mouth in a bruising kiss. His first reaction was to scramble away, the assault too fresh in his mind still, but then Steve’s scent surrounded him, a calming balm to his shredded nerves. Tony surrendered with a mewl and sank into it, letting Steve take hold of his nape and tilt his head back for a better angle, to get his tongue deeper into Tony’s mouth. The fear was swept away by the feeling of safety; this was Steve. Steve would never hurt him.
“Unless we got another one,” Bruce agreed.
That made the others burst out laughing. Tony pretended that didn’t hurt even though the omega had nailed one of Tony’s biggest insecurities right on the head.
Despite Tony’s initial reservations, Hani had requested to remain at the court after Steve all but threw his alpha out of the country, leaving Hani behind to fend for himself. He’d wanted to try and make a life for himself in Manhattan and Steve, the biggest softy in all of creation according to Tony, hadn’t had the heart to deny him the request. Thankfully, it turned out Hani had actually shown himself to be a rather adept teacher, to their great relief.
They didn’t know a fucking thing. Steve was crazy about Tony, had been since the first time he’d seen him – strong, fearless and independent and refusing to comply when the world tried to force him to be something he wasn’t. Tony using Steve? He’d barely been able to get Tony to
“Steve, please!”
Adam and Davy. It figured. They were sons from two of the most conservative families in the capital and Patrick’s best friends.
“Bedside table.”
“To what do I owe this pleasure?” Tony purred when he stood before Steve, a seductive glint in his honey-brown eyes. Heat immediately gathered in Steve’s loins, tendrils of warmth slithering up his spine. It was an automatic response by now. Steve saw Tony, Tony saw Steve and they immediately wanted to have sex. Well, not all the time, but enough to be a bit of a laughing stock around the castle and Manhattan in general. Hell, Steve wouldn’t be surprised if people sat around at inns and pubs all around the country and snickered into their tankards about their horny regents.
Steve would never get over how alike he and their eldest was. With his blond hair, blue eyes and slight build, Patrick was a dead ringer for Steve at the same age, fourteen years old and on the cusp of adulthood. He was also as compassionate and kind but without the need to prove himself and fight every fight he could get into. He still had one hell of a hot head, though. Steve blamed that one on Tony. He’d never said it out loud where Tony could hear him; he valued his sex-life and manhood too much.
“Why do you smell differently?”
Tony hisses when the movement pulls on the hair he’s braiding. He tugs it sharply, which makes Steve wince and face forward again.
“I do,” Tony said hoarsely when they separated. “But you’re wrong on one account.”
He’d never get that back and he’d hate Johann Schmidt for taking it from him until the day he died. Eventually the tears stopped flowing and even though his nose was running and he most likely looked like something that had crawled out from under a rock, Steve’s hands fell away to dangle between his legs.
Four months passed like this and the kingdom let out a collective sigh of relief when the bishop announced the date for Steve’s coronation at the end of the mourning period. Steve was happier over the fact that he could finally, officially declare Tony his fiancée.
Steve rubbed the back of his neck with a deep, heartfelt sigh. “I-I don’t know what to do here, Tony.”
“Alright. I’ll come back another day.” Steve said with a nod, turned on his heel and stalked out of the store. Tony stared after him, mystified, with his mouth hanging open.
“Why would you do that?”
Steve snorts, amused, and slowly raises his hands to cup Tony’s shoulders. The calluses from many hours handling both sword and shield make Tony shudder with pleasure.
“Get. The. Fuck. Off. Me!” Tony growled, catching the alpha behind in the ribs with a sharp elbow. The man fell back with a “Oumf!” but another took his place, slamming Tony face first against the door before he could brace himself. Stars exploded across his eyes and his nose felt wrong. Something wet was running into his mouth and it took his Heat and pain-addled brain a moment to process that the coppery tang in his mouth was the taste of blood.
“My mother’s,” Steve confirmed with a sad smile. “My father commissioned this for her on the day of their claiming and she wanted me to give it to my mate, when the time came. That’s why I didn’t get to see you the other day, at the feast. I was busy arguing with my father over you. For the nth time, I might add.”
Steve leaned to the side to retrieve the Heat-toy Tony had made himself and Tony used the respite to get out of the rest of his clothes. It was too warm in the room, it felt like his skin was on fire even as the cool air hit him. Steve’s eyes roved over him hungrily when he settled back, coming to kneel between Tony’s spread legs and greedily drinking in the sight of him.
Steve’s head whipped up, wide-eyed and alarmed. “What do you mean forced?”
“I think we should hurry,” Tony agreed. “We’ve rigged this place to blow up in about…” A distant sound of an explosion resounded; the walls around them shook and the floor trembled as a mighty roar grew from somewhere deep inside the keep.
“Tony,” Steve pleads behind him.
The sparkle in your eye,
Steve exploded at the same time, cock throbbing in time with his galloping heart as he emptied himself inside of Tony. His knot pulsed and grew, slowly sealing them together for the next, twenty minutes.
“Finally,” Steve groaned. He grinned wickedly at Tony. “I thought he would never leave.”
Steve snorts. “No, you’re not, you’re not even forty yet and menopause usually doesn’t happen until you’re around fifty.”
“I-I…” Tony stammered.
Steve nodded. “Yeah.” He cleared his throat and cast a quick look at Bucky. “You alright?”
Steve couldn’t help but laugh at that. “Gods help us, Harley would nag him to death.”
He was observant. When Tony had briefly mentioned getting tired of sparks burning the top of his feet when he worked in the forge, Steve had sent a disgruntled Bucky with a pair or new working boots – made from the finest leather and proofed to withstand the heat from the forge.
Pulling back, he regarded Steve seriously for a long moment before replying, “I do. Forever and ever. I’ll never love anyone the way I love you, with all that I am.”
With flourish, Stone whips the cape from the omega’s head and shoulders, revealing a truly spectacular beauty of a man. His long, glossy black hair is free and falls down over his shoulders to his waist. He’s dressed in a waistcloth of silk in greens and blues, similar to Tony’s but shorter, his body adorned with gilded bands, chains in gold and silver and jewels. He’s slim with good muscle definition, not a blemish on his flawless, caramel colored skin and his face is so stunningly good-looking, Tony’s teeth ache from clenching them so hard. But the most striking fact about the young omega is his eyes. Bright blue and rimmed with kohl, they stand out starkly against his dark skin. Aside from Steve, Tony didn’t ever think such a beautiful person existed.
“I can’t.”
Even if Steve had meant for Tony to be the one in charge, it seemed like he couldn’t help himself as he took over, setting the pace and doing all the work. Tony was too busy making pleasured sounds, rocking with Steve’s motions and just hanging on to be too irritated. At least at first.
The unknown omega is undoubtedly going to be submissive and soft-spoken; traits Tony has never exhibited and doesn’t even want. He’s never been that kind of omega; too headstrong and independent for his own good, according to his father.
“Excellent!” Thor exclaimed. He held his elbow out for Tony to take  - Tony did not think about how big his arms were -  and let Thor lead him out on the dancefloor, leaving the horde of stuck-up omegas gaping in their wake. Tony wasn’t going to lie, it felt awesome.
“Hm,” Tony grunted, begrudgingly lifting his head and resting his chin on Steve’s chest, gazing up at a vulnerable spot just underneath Steve’s jaw. “How so?”
“Aww, Tony likes Thor’s hands,” Bucky cooed.
Steve supposed that he’d learn and grow out of it, just like he’d done. Rhia could never leave Patrick be when he got into one of his strops and had to nitpick at him until Patrick’s temper often got the better of him. She loved to poke holes in arguments with cutting logic, a trait she got from Tony.
Steve has the good grace to look embarrassed, a blush slowly creeping up his neck. “Yeah well, that was different.”
“It’s alright,” Steve mused. “I knew what I was signing up for, claiming you.”
“Uh…” Tony didn’t really know what to say to that. He let Steve help him sit up against the headboard and looked on, speechless, as Steve draped the cloth over his lap and put the plate on top of it.
“Hey!” Steve yelled. “What the hell is going on?”
But the arrogant look on Lord Stone’s face, when he approached the throne earlier, especially the hungry gaze directed at Tony - kneeling beside Steve’s ornate chair on an equally ornate cushion- now has a niggling of doubt swirling in the back of his mind.
“Clint will be coming with me, but we both know he’s not a commander, neither is Sam. Bucky and Nat will follow with you and I’ll take the other two with me.”
Rhodes and Happy looked at each other and then shrugged. “We didn’t think of it?”
“Do you ever have to explain yourself to someone after you’ve said no?” Tony’s voice was saccharin but underlaid with a deeper, colder tone. “I know you’re not stupid, Steve. I shouldn’t have to explain myself - to you or anyone - but here we are and I’m sitting here, looking like an unreasonable bitch who doesn’t know what’s good for him. Right?”
“I keep track of your cycles?” Steve says, a little shell shocked. “And you always get this scent, when you’re pregnant.” He looks a little bashful. “It’s actually one of my favorite scents.”
“It’s not.”
“I need you to look at this now, Tony. The workers need the new plans or they can’t complete the siege engines on time,” she scolded as she shoved a paper under Tony’s nose.
“He better not fucking be,” Tony muttered, stalking angrily beside Steve. Or well, he waddled more like. Steve thought it was adorable. “I’ll put Harley on his ass; that’ll teach him to sprout bullshit about things he doesn’t understand.”
“I bet he can’t wait to sink his cock into Hani’s tight, virgin ass and knot him good. Maybe he’ll make him pregnant on the first go, you never know.”
Just before Steve nudged the door closed, Tony got a look at what had happened to the group of alphas. They lay sprawled around the alley, unmoving, and it looked like all of them were bleeding. Steve had really done a number on them. Assholes. Served them right.
“Thank you, darling. You’re the best alpha ever,” Tony professed with an enthusiastic kiss.
Tony at least had the good sense to wait until Bucky had closed the thick, oak, door before he unleashed his fury on his alpha.
“And you shouldn’t,” Stark – Tony? – soothed. “You can come with me. I’ve a spare room in the back of the forge, you can stay there with me. If Rumlow shows up I’ll throw my hammer at him, how’s that?”
They slowly walked out of the arena and ducked into the opening on the far wall together. Thor didn’t have a match until the next one’s winner was declared and Steve was out of the tournament for his loss. Beneath the stands it was cooler, the shade a balm on their overheated skin. Bucky, Nat and Sam waited for them in the corner where Steve stashed his gear when he was competing, a shit eating grin stretching their faces. Well, Nat smiled, which for her was the equivalent of a grin.
They rule side by side and have seen to it that every omega in their land has the same opportunities as alphas and betas. Inside their borders, omegas never have to lie awake at night and wonder what their fate will be, if they’re going to be forced by their parents or guardians to marry someone they don’t want to. They have all the power to choose for themselves. This has, unfortunately, not made them very popular with other countries governed by more… conservative regents.
This was such a bad idea. Tony had no clue what he’d been thinking when he’d accepted Steve’s invitation. Standing in a corner of the vast banquet hall with a glass of deep, red wine in his hand he tried to figure it out. Bruce was fidgeting with his own glass beside him, looking all for the world like he wanted to become one with the tapestry hanging on the wall behind them.
Laughing too, Steve cups his face, his hands so capable of violence and destruction gentle and careful. “When I look at Hani, he reminds me of you that day. He’s making the most of what he’s been dealt, and just like you, his spirit hasn’t been broken. I pity him because he doesn’t have someone who can be by his side and hold him up when he tries to make something of himself, not yet anyway, if ever. I was gentle with him because I have a feeling he’s been met with more lust than kindness in his life. I didn’t give in to his advances when he pressed, I was only talking to him like he’s a normal person. Because he is. That’s why I told Sam to put him up for the night, so I can talk to him tomorrow and let him choose for himself what he wants to do. I don’t want anyone to take that away from him, just like I think it’s every omega’s right to have the final say over their life.”
What if Steve suddenly finds himself wanting someone like that? Someone who isn’t scarred from three pregnancies, or battles he shouldn’t have been allowed to fight in, or someone who doesn't talk back and argue every time Steve expresses an opinion Tony doesn't agree with. What if he’s gotten too old to hold Steve’s interest anymore?
“Yeah. Oh.”
“My logic brain knows that,” Steve admitted. “My alpha hindbrain wants to put you in a locked room and throw away the key until you’ve given birth.”
“What the...” Tony said to the empty room.
He turned his back on Steve and started to climb over a pile of bodies only to come up short when Steve’s hand grabbed the back of his gambeson, not allowing him to get any further.
It wasn’t anything new to him, but to Steve it was the most amazing sight every time he looked at his husband; Tony’s hair was tied in a messy bun and he wore rough, torn working clothes with smears of dirt and oil all over them with his big stomach jutting out in front of him. Still, Tony’s skin was infused with that healthy pregnancy glow and his silver-streaked, black hair was glossy and he smelled so good, Steve’s mouth flooded with saliva.
The hall was deathly silent after this proclamation and Tony’s eyes grew huge and glittered with unshed tears. “It further states that any omega living under the threat of abuse or subjected to it, is protected by law and if they so choose, reporting an abusive partner to the authorities and divorcing them is their prerogative with no repercussions for their decision.”
“Come again?” Steve asked, when it died down to regular levels of noise.
Steve beamed at a resigned-looking Yinsen. “Can we move onto the main event, your Grace?”
Steve finished as quickly as he could, taking great care not to jostle Tony’s tender nose when he cleaned the lower half of his face.
Thor was a wonderful dancer, moving gracefully around the turns of the dance despite his size. Tony felt like a princess as Thor held him at a respectful distance, never once trying anything inappropriate.
“We promise. Just look,” an elderly woman reassured as she helped him to his feet and turned him to the mirror behind him.
“Sure thing,” Clint agreed readily, then he frowned. “Wait, what about the kids?”
“Truer words, my friend, truer words.”
The omega who’d called out scowled after Bruce then at Tony, stung. “Yeah well, where’s your alpha? He should smack you for your rudeness.”
Tony looked back and drank in the sight of Steve – big, strong, regal, and
“I am. Did you forget?”
He felt uncharacteristically shy when gentle hands deposited him on a stool and had his makeup re-done by expertly executed brushstrokes. Other hands placed Sarah’s heart around his throat and slipped a thin length of gold chain around his waist, adorning his arms with wide, golden bracelets that fit snugly around his biceps and wrists. Delicate chains with bells attached to them were fastened around his ankles while his hair was pulled from the ponytail and thoroughly brushed down his back.
He keeps his body still and face impassive when Stone leans in closer. “Hani’s truly a masterpiece, isn’t he?” Stone speaks lowly, forcing intimacy where it’s not welcome. “Just look at your alpha. He’s really taken by him.”
“I refuse to wait another day to claim you,” Steve told him seriously. “I want all of Brooklyn to know you’re mine.”
“You’re slightly less of an idiot, Tony,” Natasha’s rejoinder floated back.
The impish way he said it made Steve laugh. It reminded him of himself. “Yeah sure, it looked that way with you down for the count.”
Steve!
Tony looked at him like he was a moron. “Could I squash myself into this if I was?” he wondered, a hand indicating the armor, which definitely wasn’t wide enough to accommodate a pregnant person. “The kids are safe in Asgard.”
Tony chuckled. “I’ll just pick the lock, honey.”
“I don’t think you want to make them wait,” Bruce said nervously. Tony paused and threw a glance at his friend. While Bruce’s face was still black and blue, he could at least see out of both eyes now that the swelling was down. Tony’s own mouth was a little swollen too, but he was in way better shape than Bruce. Thankfully, Rumlow hadn’t made a reappearance yet; Tony would count his luck and be glad for that for as long as that asshole didn’t show his fucking face in his forge. If he did, he’d get a warm welcome from Tony’s hammer.
Carefully, Steve stepped closer. Bucky tried again to hold him back but it was no use. He wanted – no, he needed – to talk to Tony. It was a compulsion screaming inside of him too loud to ignore. Steve was helpless in the face of the immediate feeling of
Tony’s way too old to have any business blushing like he’s still an un-knotted, wet behind the ear omega. Still, there he stands, cheeks heating under Steve’s appreciative stare and feeling a little of his confidence returning. He ducks his head with a pleased, little smile, despite the dread growing stronger in the pit of his stomach. For the sake of the night ahead and the need to keep their peace with Lord Stone, he has to ignore it.
It was the only time his mother had put her foot down too. She’d fought Howard on it and won, in the end, when the bastard died before she did – stabbed in a fight over another omega. She’d wasted away after that, unable to go on without her asshole of an alpha. Her love had killed her in the end and Tony had sworn to never put himself in that position.
“Sorry, Tony,” Sam said without sounding sorry at all. “I can’t commit treason just because you’re fat and unhappy about it.”
Bruce rolled his eyes. “Oh, I wouldn’t? I wonder what it’s like to fall in love with someone and get to be happy only to have it all crumble around you so fast you’re left wondering what the hell happened. No, you’re right, I wouldn’t know anything about it at all.”
“B-but you screamed so loud!” Peter cried, the tears streaming down his cheeks obviously distressing Patrick, who flailed for something to say. Rhia sighed loudly and elbowed Patrick out of the way.
Steve raised an eyebrow. “You’re pretty full of yourself.”
“Just- just give me a moment,” Steve’s begged into his palms, “I’ll pull myself together, I just need a minute.”
Tony was fighting against the drunk alpha as much as his biology at this point. His instincts wanted him to drop to his knees and present himself, the need for a knot growing exponentially in his blood. His brain screamed at him to resist, however, to fight and get away. No one but Steve was meant to touch him, Steve was the only one he wanted to mate with, he was
Steve’s hands weren’t so bad either, they were almost as big as Thor’s.
Stone’s nostrils flare and his pupils dilate at Tony’s display, clearly liking what he sees. “If you’d let me, Consort Stark,” he purrs, drawn in by the light in Tony’s big, brown eyes. Tony has no intention to let Stone do anything to him, but he doesn’t need to know that, yet.
Steve glared at his friend. “Watch it, that’s my future mate you’re talking about.”
“You’re hurt!” he almost screamed, heart rate spiking dangerously. His hands flew up to remove the helmet but Tony’s hands stopped him.
Steve ignored him and guided him inside his bedroom, gently helping him until he could sit down on the edge of the small bed. Steve backed up like he’d been scalded as soon as he’d made sure Tony wouldn’t tumble ass over kettle down on the floor. He stood in the doorway, shifting his weight from foot to foot, hesitating.
Tony went as deep as he could, whimpering when his lips met resistance at the base of Steve’s cock, where his knot had started to swell, too wide to fit in Tony’s mouth.
“What the fuck? The prince? Tall, blond, blue eyes, lives in the castle, that prince?”
“What was that?” Bruce wondered as he poked his head around the door.
That had been a revelation: the only time Steve had tried to keep Tony safe in a room while Steve rode off to fight a battle without him. It had taken approximately five hours before Tony had stood before him again, spitting with anger and refusing to leave. Steve had learned his lesson then and had never tried it again.
“I’ve already thought of that,” Natasha said. “You’ll lead the forces in the west and- “
He knows Steve, he knows Steve would never take another omega into their relationship, let alone into their bed, even if it’s common practice. After more than twenty years as mates, Tony knows Steve on such a deep level, some days it feels like they can read each other’s minds. Bucky and Clint always complain about their ability to talk with glances and looks instead of words, and most days Tony can’t even say they’re wrong.
Bucky fell asleep after that, exhausted and in so much pain it was easier to drift into fitful sleep than stay awake and deal with it. Steve didn’t blame him. He would’ve taken all of Bucky’s pain if he’d been able to.
“I won’t allow it!” Tony growled angrily. Steve thought Tony might even be a bit hurt, going by the way his eyes misted over. He didn’t dare to voice this thought, however. Tony’s hormones were already out of whack enough as it was, Steve didn’t need to put fuel to the fire.
“Always,” Tony says woodenly. “I just need some air.”
“I can. And I’m going to be there when he tells you what he thinks. So will Rhia and Peter.”
“Steve,” Tony said slowly. “This is Sarah’s heart.” He had to look down at the thick, golden chains and the big, heart-shaped ruby attached in the middle of them, framed on white silk bedding. It was the most gorgeous and famous choker in all of Brooklyn, considering the late queen had always worn it around her throat.
“I’m going to tell you what I see when I look at you.” He starts to trace the wrinkles around Tony’s eyes. “I see someone who has had reason to smile and laugh a lot. These are the proof of that.” His fingers dip down to brush over the bonding-mark. “I see someone who is loved and cared for and safe.”
“I don’t want Hani, Tony; how can you think that?” His words are achingly gentle and a little hurt and Tony’s heart lurches in his chest. He doesn’t want to look at Steve but he has to.
Tony could scold himself all he wanted but when it came down to it, it
Steve laughs and joins him on the bed, and Tony silently makes a new vow to himself. As Steve kisses his way down Tony’s chest and stomach, Tony swear he will never let his old insecurities get the better of him and doubt Steve ever again. He will trust the love he feels for his alpha and the love Steve has for his omega.
Steve growled, frustrated, and before Tony knew what was happening, he rolled them over, sprawling Tony on his back with Steve lying between his legs, Steve’s hand anchored at the small of Tony’s back to keep their pelvises pressed together.
The touch of your hand,
They pulled apart with a wet sound, panting slightly. “Right,” Tony nodded. “Rescue first, kisses later.”
“To hell with Queens, this is more important.”
“W – what the hell do you think you’re doing?” Tony stuttered around a moan, when Steve nailed the head of his cock against his prostate purposefully.
The battle was raging all around him. Smoke from the fire trenches billowed over the wide fields, shrouding them in opaque clouds that made it hard to see anything beyond a few feet in front of him. Clangs from swords impacting shields and armors and the screams from wounded and dying men coalesced into a roaring sound that drowned out anything else.
He really didn’t have a clue.
Despite their eagerness to get married as soon as possible, the death of Steve’s father put a damper on their happiness and forced them to wait the allotted four months of mourning before Steve could formally propose to Tony.
“I’m close,” Tony breathed and clenched down around Steve’s cock again.
Steve sighed deeply. “Patrick, you know your papa is an omega, right?”
“I’m...” He swallows and sniffles into Steve's shoulder before he tries again. “I’m... same. I feel the same”, he whispers. Steve’s hand combs through his hair, ignoring the way he’s messing up the strands and knocks loose the band over Tony’s forehead and the pearls and ornaments in the process. They rain down on the carpet, falling and scattering around their feet like a river of metal, gold and precious gems.
Laughter bubbled out of Steve, wholly inappropriate, but it seemed like he couldn’t help it. Tony felt a stab of concern and leaned in to put a soothing hand on Steve’s arm.
Stone refuses to answer but his baleful glance says it all. Tony releases Stone in disgust. The alpha’s head falls down with a thump and he groans when his nose is jostled. Tony does not care one bit. He straightens and turns to the niche’s opening.
Where were his men? A soldier only partially armored - in the western style favored by Doom’s men - stepped through the curtain of smoke, swinging his broad sword at Steve’s head. He ducked under the sword and bashed his shield right in the man’s face, making him stumble back and trip over another fallen soldier behind him. He had taken down so many enemies already, he couldn’t keep count of them all.
you, Tony.”
“No, you’re angry, and you have every right to be.” Steve’s calm voice rumbling in his ear doesn’t lessen the anger burning him from inside and out. He wants to scream and thrash and throw Steve out of the fucking window. He tries to break out of Steve’s unwelcome embrace, he’s struggling and throwing all his might into getting loose, but Steve holds fast and doesn’t let go.
Was Steve’s cock big?
“What for?” Tony wondered. “You haven’t done anything wrong.”
“Really?” Steve didn’t like how small he sounded. Tony’s eyes softened. He took one of Steve’s hands and pressed it against his cheek. Tony’s skin was soft and uninjured under the blood and grime and Steve’s heart calmed somewhat.
Steve doesn’t try to calm his tears; instead he just holds Tony tight and stands silent until Tony’s tears have dried and he’s able to look his mate in the face again.
“I don’t want to say you’re wrong,” Steve starts slowly, “but even if he does give me another omega, I’d never accept. You know that.”
He rubbed filthy hands over his unshaven face, the beard coarse and stiff against his fingers. God, what he would give for five minutes with a bucket of clean water, though he was so filthy he doubted it would be enough.
Then they disappeared in the crowd and Steve stood staring after them, a starstruck look on his face.
“Thanks. Here we are, let’s get you comfortable.”
“What the fuck?” Steve breathed, furiously blinking his eyes to get a better look at what appeared to be a… man made of metal? It was most likely armor, but it was no armor Steve had ever seen before.
want to do and you’ll lay there and take it like a proper omega.”
Bingo.
“Oh, for fuck’s sake,” Bucky said, fed up with everything. “Steve. It wasn’t your fault, same as me losing an arm wasn’t your fault or Schmidt deciding to take over the world isn’t your fault. You’ve done your best to handle the situation and any sane alpha would’ve sent their pregnant mate somewhere safe before riding out into battle. Stop moping and forgive yourself already, you hear me?”
“It’s different,” Steve insists, mulishly.
“I’ll make sure he’s not overdoing it, Pepper,” Steve promised. “I’ll help him, even if I don’t understand a thing about what he’s doing.”
“Hey-hi-hello, your Highness,” Tony smiled. “What can I do for you today?”
“I’m sorry.”
– noticed it before,” he managed to get out, a pleased rumble resonating in his chest when Tony lifted his hips, Steve’s cock slotting in and out of Tony’s hole as he built up his momentum again.
“And his hands!” Tony exclaimed, oblivious to Steve’s darkening expression and Bucky and Sam’s gleeful faces. “His hands are so big, with those long fingers I bet they can completely encircle my waist easily.”
“Yep,” Tony chuckled. “Pregnant, knocked up, baking a bun in my oven, growing a- “
“Oh.” The emotions crowding in his chest smothered any other words he could’ve said, there were too many to get them all out in any semblance of coherence.
“Patrick said an omega can’t go into war or sit on a throne,” Peter informed helpfully, making Patrick blush and Rhia glower. “He also said that when he’s king, he’d make sure that no omegas would ever be able to sign up for drafting into the army.”
Steve nodded slowly. “Can I be your friend then, instead? I don’t really have many of those, and I really like you, Tony. If I can’t win your heart, I’ll settle for your friendship.”
“I do,” Steve said, reaching up to comb his fingers through Tony’s long, black, hair, arranging the silky mess attractively around Tony’s lovely face. “You?”
“Fuck!” Tony swore too loudly, but the key finally slotted into the hole and he managed to unlock it just as a hand clamped down hard on the nape of his neck. Tony’s knees went weak as shivers of repulsion made his stomach roil. A strong wave of nausea swept through him when a hard body pressed up against his back, forcing him flush against the door. Salvation was but inches away, but with it firmly shut and him mashed against it, it might as well have been miles.
“Well,” Steve hemmed and hawed, floundering for words. “I thought you’d be more… submissive.”
“I did that. He shot me down, remember?”
The alpha’s head bobbed in a nod. “No, your Highness. He put his nose where it doesn’t belong. What I do with my omega is nobody’s business but my own.”
“No- yes, but it’s not what you think,” Steve amended when Tony glanced at him askance. “Patrick’s friends, Adam and Davy- “
“You must be Omega Stark,” he rumbled. “Friend Steve has told me a lot about you.” He stepped back and bowed deeply and Tony could just stand there and gape like a fool while still holding his nose.
“About a week.” Tony smiled through his own tears and pressed a kiss to the crown of Steve’s blond locks. He gently carded the tangled strands between long fingers, making Steve shudder when Tony’s blunt nails scratched his scalp.
His knuckles ached with the need to punch this asshole in his face, to make him understand how to treat his omega – his fucking
They lay on the cold, frosty ground for a long moment, catching their breaths. Steve had never been so glad to breathe fresh air, dragging it into his heaving lungs; it burned and made him cough weakly but he didn’t care. He was finally free of that dreadful prison.
Fury spun around, brows raised towards his non-existent hairline. “Excuse me?”
Tony was staring at Bucky’s profile. “Wow, Barnes. That was really eloquent.”
“I wouldn’t blame you if you had.”
They sat like that for a long while, entwined and joined in the most intimate way, basking in their happiness until they could go out and shut everyone ever doubting them the fuck up.
“You’re all idiots,” Natasha informed him and with a last, pointed look at Steve, she left them to go back to the arena. She was a real fan of Thor’s, even if she’d never admit it and they were too scared of her to tell Thor.
Then, to Steve’s astonished horror, the omega spat right in the alpha’s  face and said, “Go fuck yourself, you fucking disgrace of an alpha.”
As fast as he’d gone, Steve was back with something clutched in his hand. He stopped beside the bed and fell to his knees and he looked so young and excited, Tony couldn’t stop grinning like a loon.
“Because you’re not there!” Tony yelled. “I’m not going to let you go on your merry way towards an honorable death or whatever. If you’re here, I’m here!”
it happens,” Steve corrected, confident despite the downtrodden expression on his face. Staring at the stage where a woman was wailing loud enough to deafen even the dead, Steve asked, “Am I making you uncomfortable, Tony? With my courting, I mean?”
“I’m not a kid,” Patrick protested pompously, puffing his chest out with an pompous look on his face.
“Your mouth speaks a lie while your eyes tell the truth to anyone who cares to look. You cannot hide your feelings, friend Tony.”
“Say it, Tony,” Steve ordered. “I won’t touch you unless I have your word. I won’t be like those-
“I want to see what’s going on,” Steve insisted and shook Bucky’s hand off, quickly sliding into an opening in between two people when they sidled away from each other. “Fucking hell, Steve!” Bucky exclaimed and dove after him, but Steve paid him no mind. What he saw when he stumbled out of the mass would forever be seared into his mind, never forgotten and fondly remembered in later years.
Tony’s really embarrassed when he bursts into tears. Steve doesn’t even flinch when Tony flings himself at him and holds him tight. He doesn’t even know what he’s crying over. He has no reason to feel like this; relieved and sad and so damned happy at the same time.
“Like hell I am!”
“Hail Consort Stark,” Steve declared as he placed the crown on Tony’s head. “May your days be blessed.”
“Or into one of Schmidt’s many lairs,” Tony said grimly. His mind was spinning, panic starting to set in at the thought that Steve - along with over a hundred men! – was missing. Tony had no doubt Schmidt had managed to capture them; it wasn’t a secret that he’d been hellbent on getting his hands on Steve for years.
“Tony.” Steve sighs with a shake of his head, muttering something under his breath Tony can’t make out. He stares down at his feet and reaches up to rub the back of his head, mussing the braids. A few pearls come loose and fall to the floor with quiet pings.
Tony had concluded, since Steve had started what could only be a siege on him, that Steve could be a scary fucker when he put his mind to it. Stern paled and took an unconscious step back, eyes darting around the shabby foyer the longer Steve stared at him.
Your body near mine,
Sex and claiming and marriage all fell under the same umbrella: imprisonment. To give someone else that kind of power over him was unthinkable and that was the reason Tony was still unclaimed and a virgin at eighteen. Usually an omega was claimed as soon as their first Heat occurred, around sixteen, but Tony had sidestepped every request about claiming since before he felt the first stirrings of Heat at the base of his spine at seventeen.
“That was amazing,” Steve finally said, smiling so sweetly Tony nearly swooned.
“Whoa!” Tony and Bucky exclaimed at the same time when Steve’s legs gave way and he flopped down on a boulder at the side of the path. Tony carefully lowered Bucky to another before coming to kneel before his alpha, who had his face hidden in his palms.
“Oh,” Tony breathed. Well… he would have to think about that, and figure out what he was going to do about his growing feelings for Steve.
“I’m still amazed of how much of a petty, little shit you can be when you put your mind to it,” Tony marveled with a deep laugh, face flushed from amusement and arousal.
He’d left out that as another lead in quenching omega-prejudice once and for all, Tony had shortly after the twin’s birth taken on a protégé – Harley Keener, who was a bright, feisty omega with almost as much fire in his eyes as Tony. Although, with the way Harley was racing past his peers, leaving them in the dust both in the academical and physical departments, Tony would have to admit that Harley was far more competitive than he’d ever been.
“I can too marry him,” Steve replied hotly as he allowed Bucky to herd him in the direction of the castle.
“You thought I left you?” Steve guessed and the tenderness in his voice and on his face was too much for Tony. He closed his eyes and nodded, defeated.
Preferably with Steve’s big, hard cock.
“Me first,” a deep voice growled, ignoring his pleas and Tony squeezed his eyes shut around the tears forming there as he felt something hot and hard against his inner thigh. This was it. He’d hung in there for as long as he could. It wouldn’t matter now that he’d rejected Steve’s courting. Steve wouldn’t want to even see him after this anyway. He was about to be ruined forever and he cried for the lost chance, for keeping his virginity intact for so long only to have it forcibly taken away by unknown men, on the ground like a dog.
With his heart beating furiously and battle spirit singing through his veins, Steve engaged again. It was over before he knew it and soon enough, he was once again on his back in the sand, Thor’s hammer resting victoriously on his sternum.
She sighed again. “
“Whatever you say. You’re never gonna see that omega again.”
Steve swore, long and ugly. “Damn you,” he hissed and clenched his teeth so hard his jaw ached. “I don’t want you out there, getting in harm’s way. You’re not fit to fight right now!”
“I really like him,” Tony told Steve happily.
“I’ve taken care of it, stop fretting,” Bucky scolded a little meanly.
A helpless laugh escapes him. “First time in twenty years you’ve ever said that to me. I’ve fought you about it, more than once.”
It’d been humiliating, for sure, to have so many eyes on him at his weakest, with his men in equal state behind him. Steve had held firm though, had refused to let them cow him and make him lose hope. His people would come. He just hoped it would be soon – he didn’t know how much longer his men could take it.
“He’s a commoner, punk. You can’t marry him.”
It hadn’t solved one problem as much as it’d created new ones, when alphas and betas too stuck in the old ways discriminated against their fellow, omega soldiers. Tony hadn’t really had a desire to become Steve’s second in command before that little tidbit of information had reached his ears. The words of omegas being treated poorly by men and women supposed to have their backs had galvanized Tony’s will to go in the front and show the poor sods just how dangerous an omega set on fighting could be. The unfair treatment and protests had slowly died down after that, even if there still were families - old and distinguished and horribly conservative - who still spread misinformation and fed their kids lies of how it was against the laws of nature to grant omegas too much freedom.
Tony squawked, offended. “Betrayal! Off with your head!”
“I didn’t mean lube,” Steve said when he tore himself from Tony. “I meant; do you have something you use to help get through your Heat?”
“I’m not asking you, Tony!” Steve roared and shot to his feet so fast the chair tipped back with a loud crash, blue eyes filled with blazing fury and cheeks red with anger. “I’m not doing this again! I won’t let you go into battle pregnant; I’d rather die before I allow it!”
“Yes, you are.”
Patrick fidgeted and refused to look at his father. Steve had a suspicion he’d said something he shouldn’t have and Rhia had most likely called him out on his bullshit.
“Here,” Steve said. “I would like for you to accept this gift and give me permission to court you.”
“You hear that, Steve?” Sam taunted, latching on to Bucky’s teasing. “Tony thinks Thor has a great smile.”
“You’re - such – a - dork!” Tony all but yowled when Steve put his back into his thrusts, hips pistoning into Tony so hard he could swear he saw stars. All thoughts of hurt feelings, angry words and why would Steve think he never got to lead, blew away in the face of Steve’s passionate love-making. He didn’t let Tony catch his breath or give him any chance to protest, simply pouring everything he was into blowing Tony’s mind away with each, fierce thrust.
Steve didn’t feel reassured at all, especially when a beam from the ceiling chose that moment to come crashing down right behind them.
“Do you swear to submit and care for Alpha Rogers, for as long as you shall live?”
“Where’s the others?” Steve cut in before their bickering could escalate.
He had no idea how long he’d been in this hellhole, but if he’d make an educated guess, he figured it had been at least two weeks since their capture. The cell was small and dark, damp glittering on the walls and the air so cold Steve’s breath misted every time he exhaled.
Screams echoed throughout the underground complex – men and women shouting in pain as they were tortured or subjected to sick, twisted experiments. It was the lullaby he’d been forced to fall asleep to for far too long. He wanted to go home; to Tony’s waiting arms and Patrick’s sticky kisses.
“That came out wrong,” Steve apologized. “I mean, I can’t stay here, in this building for much longer.”
“Then don’t,” Tony whispered back around a sob. “Stay, stay here with me.” He’d never felt this exposed, heart bared for Steve with all of his fear and longing spilling out like an open, bleeding wound.
“I know, and I’m with you on this one. That’s why I wanted to talk to them. If we tell them about when we met and about all the times you’ve stood by me in battles maybe it’ll make Patrick see...” he trailed off, his eyes pleading with Tony. “I don’t think Patrick’s beyond reason yet.”
The warmth of your skin,
The omega came up to Steve’s shoulder, head level with his collarbone. Gods, he was small. Steve just wanted to take him into his arms and hold him close. The omega spat a gob of blood on the ground and grinned at the alpha, baring bloodied teeth at him.
“Pretty sure you do. With the way you’re leaking pheromones when you look at me, I think the entire castle knows.”
Clint snorted. “Please. It’d take a week before you’d come crawling back, begging us to take your helions off your hands for a few hours.”
Damn, even his voice is lovely – smooth and melodious. Tony can hear sharp intakes of air from several people in the vast hall; he even thinks he hears Bucky swear from somewhere behind them, where he’s keeping watch together with Clint, Nat and Sam. Tony doesn't have enough courage to even glance at Steve, too afraid of what he could see on his mate’s face. Instead he keeps his eyes trained on Hani, when the young omega sets his gaze on Steve. His eyes widen and a hungry expression flashes over his face before he schools his features into demure graciousness.
“Can’t let me take the lead for five minutes even before taking over,” Tony huffed, adjusting the angle of his hips so the head of Steve’s cock glanced over his prostate on every pass.
“I didn’t want to worry you, not when you’re pregnant again.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Steve denied with as much dignity as he could muster.
“Leave us,” Steve ordered without turning around. There was a familiar, hungry glint in his eyes.
“There,” he pointed.
Sure, Tony had flirted a little – too little to count really – and now the prince wanted… what? To flirt more? Buy a sword? Didn’t he fight primarily with a shield? Tony couldn’t really remember, the last tournament where the prince had participated was a little blurry, to be honest. Tony had been there with some alpha who’d wanted a pretty omega on his arm and he’d paid a pretty penny to get it. He’d kept plying Tony with wine and sweet fruits marinated in alcohol in the hope that Tony would let him fuck him after – which he hadn’t, thank you very much. His virtue may have been a little tarnished but he still had his virginity intact.
Tony stepped away from Steve and signaled the servant waiting at the foot of the dais. The man lifted something from the floor, its form concealed underneath thick fabric. Steve could only see that it was round in shape.
shook him out of the half-slumber he’d fallen into. Bucky sat upright with a curse, holding his amputated shoulder when he jostled it in his hurry. Steve got to his feet and tried to peer out of the small, barred window in the door, but he could only see flickering shadows behind it.
“To my great disappointment,” Thor nodded. “He is a hostage of Asgard, I am afraid, and he hates us all because of that.”
The alpha paused and took a good look at Steve, eyes widening when he recognized him. Steve could hear the calls from guards; someone must’ve alerted them to the altercation and they were on their way to intervene. The alpha clearly heard them too because he relaxed and backed up, bowing his head in false acquiescence to Steve.
“How about I’ll stay here for another hour and I’ll have this handsome gentleman escort me back in time for dinner?” Tony motioned to Rhodes.
“That’s not important, we have to go right now! Nat found Bucky; they’re waiting at the north edge for us with Clint.” Tony tried to loosen Steve’s grip on him but Steve refused to let go.
“Er… I’m sure it won’t do any harm to let this gentleman join us, Omega Stark,” he said at length, when Tony’s skin was starting to itch from the tension floating in the air.
Bucky snorted and grunted when he tried to get comfortable on the thin, lumpy excuse for a mattress. “Something about inducing Heats in omegas and sticking desperate alphas on them after a few hours on opposite walls. Apparently, they’re trying to breed some kind of super-babies. Zola, he… likes to talk while working.”
Tony had never thought he could look like that; like an omega worthy of a king.
It was silent around them save for the sound of the fire slowly destroying Schmidt’s lair.
Bucky and Sam laughed while Steve’s mind spiraled into dirty thoughts about Tony and dicks and what fun they could have with each other’s.
Steve let out a relieved breath. “Thank the Gods.”
“No, it’s not,” Rhia chided. Peter was the mischief maker in their family - with Patrick more often than not the one subjected to his pranks. Peter was also their resident peacekeeper and Rhia was the fighter, the one never backing down from an argument.
Steve didn’t give a flying fuck. Let people talk and whisper behind their hands. He finally had Tony, after more than a year of pining. He’d revel in Tony’s successful conquest of him, and rub it in everyone’s’ faces for as long as he felt like. Besides, the nobility didn’t need to know that their relationship, while passionate and more than enjoyable, hadn’t progressed beyond kisses, mutual hand-jobs and Steve helping Tony through his Heats with the aid of Tony’s nifty toys.
“I am not in love with Steve!” Tony sputtered, trying to sound firm but most likely failing.
He wasn’t really surprised that Steve had vanished; it wasn’t like they’d promised anything after all. Tony couldn’t really remember that much after getting upstairs, but blurry recollections of Steve over him, around him but never
Steve wasn’t sure. “I suppose…”
“Damn it, Tony!” Steve roared and ran after him.
Steve’s face darkened. “I can’t deny that I think he’s beautiful, Tony”, he says, peeved, as a muscle in his jaw twitches.
Tony’s heart died and crumbled into dust at Steve’s words and he couldn’t stop the hurt noise escaping. He tried to pull back but Steve held him firmly, not letting him get away or put up any more walls between them.
“Saving your ass.” Tony’s smile was wobbly and Steve had to kiss him. He didn’t care if he was dirty and dressed his rags; he had to get his lips on Tony. It felt like he couldn’t breathe properly without Tony’s lips against his. Tony didn’t seem to mind, kissing back just as passionately, not caring about the sour stench from Steve’s unwashed body.
“Tony?”
“I hope you wake up with spiders in your bed!” Tony called back when Steve strode off with him, ignoring Clint’s rude gesture as he snuggled deeper into Steve’s hold smugly.
Steve heard the commotion even before they rounded the corner, where he and Clint came down the corridor towards the kids classroom.
to,” Steve insisted stubbornly. “I wasn’t talking out of my ass when I said that the current laws are designed to oppress omegas.”
“Thanks again.”
“All done, my king.”
“I came as soon as I heard,” Tony whispered. “Are you alright?” The metal fingers stroking his cheeks were cold but so welcome, it was all Steve could do not to burst out in tears.
So, Tony got a job as engineer-in-training with Rhodes while Steve got serious with amending the laws keeping other, brilliant omegas such as Tony captive under their thumb. It wasn’t easy. Steve was so sick of arguing for basic, human rights by the time he finally managed to quell all protesters.
“Do you have the- “ Steve hissed out of the corner of his mouth, never taking his eyes off of Tony. He was a sight to behold; dressed in a waistcloth of blue silk, honey-brown eyes rimmed with kohl and adorned with all of the royal jewels in blue and green Steve had chosen out of the vault. His hair was a mass of silky, black, strands cascading down to the middle of his back and he was so fucking gorgeous, Steve’s dick tried to make an untimely appearance. He barely managed to suppress the persisting arousal in his loins.
“Guards!” Tony hissed jokingly at Sam and Clint, when Steve stepped out through the door. “I command you; seize this scoundrel immediately and behead him, he has greatly offended the royal fetus and its carrier!”
“ Steve got out just as Tony started to move, and his protest got lost on a garbled groan. Tony rose and fell, arching his back as he rocked back and forth in a rhythm as old as time. His head felt too heavy to stay upright and he relaxed his neck, letting it fall back so that his hair tickled Steve’s groin and thighs, eyes shutting in bliss.
“I have no idea,” Tony repeated.
Tony’s head shoots up. Stone stands before him, a self-satisfied smile on his face as he hungrily stares down at Tony’s.
That made Tony laugh. “That’s actually kind of romantic, Prince Thor. You’re giving Loki what he wants without even talking to him.”
“I did not flirt with that douche! I said I was trying to get information out of him!”
“Then I only wish for you to not think ill of him. He goes against even his father’s wishes in his pursuit of you. You cannot see how deeply his love for you goes, when he has gone to such lengths just to grant you happiness, even if he has nothing to gain from it.”
“You smell different,” Steve told him again.
They left Steve seething and throwing himself against the bars; a kind of rage he’d never felt before staining his vision red. He stormed and screamed at the top of his lungs, putting every ounce of fear and anger into it.
“Not if you’re from Queens,” Steve protested weakly, trying to hold back a laugh.
“I will keep persisting. One day I will reach him.”
Gods, he looked fucking amazing; all dolled up in a black tunic of finest silk with light blue embroideries and dark blue pants. His long, blond hair was expertly braided and bedecked with pearls which caught and twinkled in the light.
Tony’s shoulders slumped. “Yes, alpha.”
and declared them best friends forever. Steve laughed at Rhode’s disgruntled expression, but the tall, black man didn’t seem to mind too much.
“You said it was okay!” Steve roars. “I did it to keep Stone in the dark until tomorrow. I planned to reveal I knew everything to him and then toss him out with my fucking shield stuck to his forehead!”
Seeing the humor in the whole mess, Tony shrugged with an unapologetic grin. “Clint likes to gossip. Apparently Bucky threatened to chop his balls off if he told anyone, but he couldn’t keep his mouth shut anyway.”
“Hold on, Buck, we’ll get out of here,” Steve said around the lump in his throat. “I’ll get us out.”
“Oh, thank the Gods! I’ve looked all over for you two!” Tony exclaimed as he lifted the faceplate. He was sweaty and dirty but appeared unharmed, his brow eyes worried.
To Tony’s dismay he feels the prickling of tears and he has to bite his lower lip to keep them from falling. Stupid. He knew this would happen. The fact that it took over twenty years doesn’t change his initial promise to himself. On the day of their claiming, Tony had made his own, silent vows alongside the ones he’d promised Steve.
“How long, Tony?” Steve yelled over the growl of a mighty fire gaining momentum somewhere below and behind them. He imagined he could feel the heat licking at his heels.
Tony was encased in the most beautiful armor Steve had ever laid eyes on; it gleamed in gold and red and moved so silently, it hardly made a sound at all. A blue gem was glowing in the middle of his chest and he was so relieved to see Tony, Steve felt a little dizzy.
“And I hope you will take my words to heart, Omega Stark.”
“It was in the middle of battles, Steve.”
“Fuck you. I just want to go home and my king beating himself up over things he can’t control won’t get me there faster.”
“I’m so sorry, your Highness,” he ground out between clenched teeth. “I’ll just take my omega and we’ll be on our way.”
Tony felt deeply ashamed of himself. Again and again, he let his own insecurities and issues color his opinion of Steve, when Steve had proved him wrong time after time. Why couldn’t he just trust Steve?
“Well yeah,” Tony said, bewildered. “That’s because we have dicks. They complicate everything.”
Speaking of the kids, their voices echoed off of the walls; Patrick’s going from childish squeaky only to break in the middle and shift to a deeper baritone. Puberty is a bitch, Steve remembered with a rueful chuckle. His eldest son’s shouts were drowned out by Rhia shrieking loud enough to crack glass. Steve and Clint both winced and Steve only hesitated for a moment before he eased open the door.
Tony supported Bucky while Steve hastily pulled on a rough shirt and pants and then helped Bucky into a similar getup.
“If it wasn’t for me, none of you would’ve been there.”
“Of course. King Rogers’ beautiful omega, famous across all lands: as fierce as he’s intelligent and always standing beside his king with unwavering loyalty. Since the first time I saw you I’ve wanted to show you what it’d be like with a real alpha. I’d knot you until you can’t see straight.”
Steve focuses on old battle wounds, skimming over them one after other. “These are the proof of someone who is a brave, loyal and fearless warrior, who never flinches or backs down when he needs to stand up and fight to protect his people.”
“Do you need any help?” he asked softly, when the two men were on their way to leave.
Steve’s touch will never fail to affect him that way.
In reply, the door crashed in, flying clear off its hinges and noisily rebounding down the short steps to land with a bang on the floor. Dust billowed up, making it harder to see as a shadow appeared at the top of the stairs. Something blue glowed in the middle of it.
Pepper gave Steve a grateful smile. “Thank you, your Majesty.” She then looked down at Tony. “Will that be all, Consort Stark?”
Steve frowned. “Where else would I be?” He came into the room and placed the food and water on the bedside table.
Not a moment too soon, Steve caught sight of what had to be the exit, just a bit further up the narrow stairway and gusts of cold air collided with the heat gaining ground at their backs. Steve wasn’t imagining anymore – they were out of time. Tony pivoted abruptly at the top of the stairs and reaching down, he grabbed both Steve and Bucky. With a mighty heave he threw them out of the smashed in door and dove after them as flames erupted out in a blazing pillar over their heads.
At the edge of the market square he witnessed a hulking mass of an alpha towering over a small, slight omega in front of him. How Steve knew he was an omega with just a glance, he had no idea. There was just a feeling in his hind-brain screaming when he laid eyes on the most beautiful boy he’d ever seen.
“Isn’t he beautiful?” Thor asked, snatching Tony’s attention away from the other pair.
Tony hummed distractedly; he could barely hear Bruce’s soft voice over the clang from the hammer hitting the anvil, the long, cherry-red strip of metal slowly forming into what would be a knife eventually.
“Oh, Tony,” Bruce sighed. “Do you really think Steve is like that?”
“Your alpha’s” Tony promptly answered. “He thought they hung better on me than on your scrawny ass.”
Tony reclined back into the chaise again with a kid supported in each arm, and asked Clint to fetch a couple of bottles. They quieted down once they had a rubber-teat in their mouths, their vigorous suckling loud in the room. It was a nice one, as far as rooms go, comfortable and containing anything Tony or the babies could ever need. But it wasn’t
The big alpha was smiling kindly down at him, his straight teeth gleaming in the light from hundreds of lit candles and torches.
“I can’t go back home!” Bruce gritted out, anger and heartbreak clear in his anguished voice. “I can’t Tony, I can’t take it anymore.”
“Oh my gods,” Tony whimpered, eyes wide in shock as Steve thrust into him on a long, slow push that never seemed to end. It didn’t hurt exactly, it wasn’t the first time Tony had something up his ass after all, but it was… different.
And now Steve was gone, only the lingering smell of him suspended like a wraith in the quiet room for company. Tony couldn’t really blame Steve for leaving. He’d shown him the messiest, most desperate parts of himself during these last days; Steve wasn’t to blame for not wanting to deal with that. It wasn’t like Tony wanted to deal with them either.
“Actually,” Tony cut into the discussion, “if you increase the angle of the arm by five degrees and tighten the pressure of the restraining you could increase the payload with at least fourteen percent.”
Steve took a step back, shaken. He’d never thought about that; what going into battle and making Tony sit and wait at home would do to him. It was worth a second thought, because it was like he was finally able to see Tony clearly, and Steve noticed the blood running down his face.
Steve smiled. It wasn’t a pleasant smile. “See, that’s where you’re wrong,” he said in an echo of the decked omega. “I can’t stand by and let my subjects suffer unwarranted punishment. I want you to tell me what your mate did that made you feel the need to… discipline him in such a manner.”
“Uh, guys?” Bucky called from his cell. “We should get going.”
Steve’s smile oozed mischievousness. “Oh you have no idea, Tony. Revenge is gonna be so sweet,” he said with relish, making Tony groan theatrically.
“Do you know anything about some kid of breeding chambers?” Steve asked after a long stretch of silence. He didn’t like how his voice quivered, from fear or the cold; either way, he didn’t like it.
“Nat took care of him when we raided the… labs.” Tony made a face as if he was smelling something bad. “He was spouting off about creating some type of super-soldier, you being the first.”
“What?” Bucky asked.
“I kind of did,” Tony admitted sheepishly. “That fact kind of fell away the more I got to know you.”
It shouldn’t have surprised him how fast the negotiations with Doom fell through. Steve’ hadn’t even flinched when Doom declared the kingdom of Brooklyn eternal enemies of Latveria. After that, it was only a matter of time before Steve found himself on the battlefield, standing in the front of his army with his most trusted friends by his side and Doom’s bloodthirsty horde at the other end of the wide field.
“Please,” Tony choked out when a fresh wave of want and need crashed over him. He fell back on the bed, Steve coming up to hover over him.
