, not
Castiel studied him before he said, “You admired your father very much.” He paused and what he said next almost seemed like a question more than an actual comment. “But a parent should accept their child. To reject your own child merely because of their sexuality seems…cruel.” He looked at Dean hesitantly. “Or at least, that’s what I’ve learned from my observation of humans.”
Dean couldn’t help but scoff at his brother, but rather than make any more smartass remarks, he turned around and headed into the room where Elizabeth had run into earlier. When he spotted her ducked beside the shattered window, he ran a hand through his hair and walked over to crouch down in front of her. There were tears running down her cheeks and quiet sobs wracked her body.
Whatever it was that exploded inside of him was too damn much to hold back and he reached out to wrap a hand around the back of Castiel’s neck before he pulled him forward to crush their lips together. He had no idea if the angel even knew how to kiss, but goddamn it, if he died tomorrow—which was a pretty good possibility at that point—he wanted to make sure he had kissed that fucking angel of the Lord.
The person behind Tammi turned out to be none other than Castiel and the angel looked over at Dean before he stormed over to kneel in front of him. Two fingers were pressed to Dean’s forehead and all that pain he had been experiencing vanished about as quickly as that force Tammi had crushing down on them did. Hell, even the blood had been wiped from the floor and removed from his clothes.
—” he was pushed back and let out a strangled yell.
“Dude, you either need to ride in the car with me from now on or put a damn bell on. You need to let people know when you’re around or be with them so you don’t scare the shit out of them.” He took a deep breath and that helped ease his heart rate down a notch or two. “Aren’t you still mad at me?”
“Oh. Well—” another woman stepped out into the hall with a sweet smile and dark curls. “Dean, Sam, this is my friend, Elizabeth.” The two women looked between each other and had a silent conversation before Renee cleared her throat. “Lizzy, can you keep Dean entertained?” But she added a, “thank you,” before she escorted Sam back toward the kitchen without even waiting for a response from her friend.
"We know John Winchester led a resistance movement here in Lawrence." Zachariah started in a chatty manner. "But what we don't know is if you two are involved in your father's work or not." He stared at them and looked too smug while he did it. "So, Castiel," he clapped said angel, who winced, on the shoulder, "will stay with you two until he can confirm that you are or aren't involved...or if you know people who are."
it was so
” It scared Dean how horrified Castiel looked. “The first seal has been broken.”
The politically—rather, the celestially—correct term for the year that angels claimed humans needed a "
"Million dollar question," the brunet leaned against the counter cut them off, "who loves pie more? Dean or Jess?" he asked and dodged the smack that his fiancée aimed at him.
She shot a look over her shoulder and there was a nervous glint behind her eyes when she turned back to look at them. Also, her smile was tight, but she replied with a, “of course. What kind of person would I be if I turned you away? Love your neighbor, right?”
And for a second there, Dean believed that Castiel looked even more troubled, but then his face went blank. “I’m a soldier now. What we do is for the betterment of mankind.” That line had been rehearsed, no doubt about it.
Rather than talk about Pastor Jim more, Dean decided to not comment. "Put in some Ozzy, man." If anyone had a problem with the change of subject, no one said a word about it.
"Dude, you can't walk up to a bunch of suspected witches and tell them you're professional hunters. Either they'll clam up and lie or they'll try to kill you." Dean shot back.
Oh, God, he knew what it meant. There was no chance that Jessica could make it out alive. It wasn’t just the smoke that put tears in his eyes the moment he sprinted into their house. Sam continued to scream for Jessica, but Dean knew that it was too late. Fuck, fuck, fuck…he couldn’t lose Sam, either.
“Dude,” Dean cleared his throat and tried not to blush. “Shut up. We’re friends. You don’t have to go and give yourself a heart attack over me, okay?”
“What the hell was that?” Sam breathed out when they both recovered.
"Way too early to put up with this," Jessica murmured under her breath before she cleared her throat and both Dean and Castiel turned to look at her. "Castiel, do you want me to make you a cup of coffee before we go to mass?" She asked politely.
"When aren't we?" Sam retorted with a smirk. "I have a better one, though." Dean's brows lifted. "My fiancée and I want to settle down in our own place. My brother lives with us and he's a pain in our ass. I think that should get us some brownie points, don't you?"
Dean knew that it wasn’t what Sam wanted to hear, but it had to be done and the brunet knew it. “No. I think she’s been home all day today.”
from the rest. Dean couldn’t help but feel a burst of warmth in his chest when he thought about how lucky he was have Castiel on his side.
"Dude, I'm everyone's type."
“I don’t get it, man. Why would he come back here?” Dean grumbled as they made their way back toward the sanctuary. “This doesn’t make any sense. This smells funky, Sam.”
No one knew when the demons started to show up on Earth, but one day, public service announcements popped up and informed citizens that, should they ever learn about a demon's presence, they should either contact a professional hunter (like Dean, Sam, and Bobby), a church, or an angel if they're near one. From what Dean learned over the years, demons and angels had this intense hatred for each other and, no matter how much he swore they had some hidden agenda, people trusted demons enough to take information from them about the angels. People must've assumed that since demons didn't rule the world—
“Uriel,” Castiel supplied.
“In case you didn’t know, Cas, people
“I understood that.” Castiel scowled at him, but his blue eyes twinkled with amusement. “You shouldn’t insult an
“I’m sure there are a lot more beautiful than mine in heaven, Cas. Maybe you can watch one of them.” He smiled a little sadly and looked up to the stars. “Y’know, I bet my mom’s soul is a hell of a lot more beautiful than mine.”
"Listen to me, you worthless, hairless ape," Uriel seethed, "we don't have to explain our reasons to you. You can either tell us about your father's death or you will be forced to tell us about it." Then he smirked. "Personally, I'd prefer you choose the latter."
"Never mind," the human snorted and looked around the store for a second. "So, do you know what's up with this town? Hate to ask for help, but it'd make our lives a hell of a lot easier if you can find out."
Castiel remained in the center of the kitchen and almost seemed sheepish as the humans stared him down. No one spoke for a few minutes and then it was Jessica to actually help him settle in because she was a better person than them and neither Sam nor Dean could stand to be in the same room as someone who had, essentially, been sent to invade their lives.
Today, it had been pretty damn bad between them, almost to the point of physical violence. Sam had stormed off to the library in, what used to be, their father’s study to either organize it or read a book. Being the nerd he was, that usually helped him cool down. As for Dean, he had escaped to the garage where he could work on Baby who needed some serious maintenance.
"That's because he stepped down from the position." Castiel squinted at Dean in that
"Yes, well, before I became a warrior, I observed the earth and humans." He seemed kind of proud of that.
"New in town?" he posed as their alias.
“Jeez, Cas, you may want to wipe that look off your face. Someone would say that you don’t want to meet up with Zach.” Castiel actually shot Dean a harsh look and Dean actually let out a loud laugh that echoed throughout the house. “Sorry about that, dude. Have fun.”
“A piss poor exorcism won’t work on me, fellas.” She taunted. “Now, does someone want to answer my question or should I just go ahead and kill you both? Feathers out there is stuck and if he’s with you, I don’t think he’ll care much if I…” She trailed off and there was a sharper stab of pain in Dean’s chest before more blood spurted onto the floor from his mouth.
In an instant, the invisible force was lifted from Dean, but not the pain or damage that she had inflicted on him. When he lifted his head up, he saw someone behind Tammi and they had a hand pressed to the top of her head. White light flooded from her eyes and mouth and then her scream turned into a gurgle before her body slumped to the floor, smoke coming out of the empty sockets where black eyes used to be.
“It’s very special, very rare. When the oil burns, no angel can touch or pass through the flames or they die.” He looked between them. “Only another angel or a demon could acquire this. A demon can’t be far from here. We need to leave
Castiel must’ve sensed how emotional Dean had become because his expression softened. “Of course I can, Dean.” He murmured. “When someone is marked for hell, there is a…stain on their soul. I can see yours and, if I’m allowed to be honest, it’s one of the most beautiful souls I have ever seen. It’s radiant and righteous and is in no way darkened. It is a little fractured, but you haven’t had the easiest life.”
There wasn’t much that he could say to her that would make her feel better. Sure, she had avoided death, unlike her friends, but her soul was still marked for hell. “Make the most of your life.” That seemed to be the only piece of advice he could offer her.
Castiel frowned, but nodded nonetheless. “I’ve tried to tell my superiors about my beliefs, but they are convinced your father sold his soul to a demon and that you and Sam have taken up where he left off.” He breathed out through his nose. “I can only hope that they’ll see the truth sooner rather than later.”
for more than five seconds. Maybe I could keep your fellow ladies company.”
“Time to leave, sweetheart,” Azazel told her, all smiles, but there was a threat underneath it that she needed to listen to his order or there would be hell to pay.
Dean didn’t expect there to be much personal crap in the church because when the Pastor decided to leave, he took his life with him. The old church always rubbed him in a bad way, anyway, because it reminded him about how much his life used to revolve around God before it was stripped away from him. It had been by choice, sure, but he was always upset with how the angels sent everything out of whack. There had been an office in the basement, but there wasn’t much in there that could help them out.
having you standing right behind me when I’m bent over the hood. Sit down and relax or…whatever.”
Dean never knew the name of the demon his father sold his soul to, only knew the hellhound that came to rip his father apart piece-by-piece when his ten years were up. And the only scrap of information that Dean could hassle out of John was that it had yellow eyes and that was about it. John purposely told no one about the exact date his deal would be up, so when they were on a hunt for some spook, he stumbled away into the woods and by the time Dean heard the screams, it was too late.
The human tried not to be upset about the fact that soon, Castiel would have to leave him. No. He would have to leave him
with Sammy.” He winked at her and beamed when he saw how her cheeks reddened.
Once their hunt was over with and they made it back home, safe and sound, he decided he would head to one of those secret clubs that the angels probably knew about but didn’t really care about until it broke one of their serious rules or became the headquarters for a resistance movement. He heard through the grapevine that once in a while, some church goer would try to shut them down, but it never really happened.
"Uriel and I came to speak with you about your father." Castiel explained as he looked directly at the two brothers. "Please explain to us the circumstances of his death in as much detail as you can spare."
"Bet you would, princess," Sam stomped down onto Dean's foot and he hissed in pain, but recovered in front of the two creatures. "Fine, okay, whatever," he huffed then explained that, "we were after a daeva, but we were stuck in some pretty thick woods and it got the jump on my old man. Got any other questions?"
Rather than swoon at the charms, she seemed suspicious of them, but kept on her smile even if it did become a little forced. “The capital?” she questioned and tilted her head to the side. Dean was kind of reminded of Castiel, but the angel seemed…more innocent when he did it and, wow, he never believed that would be a thought in his head. “That’s…quite the trip, isn’t it?”
No. No, he had hit the nail on the head with that assumption, but that was a part of Dean that he had kept secret from everyone in his life for years. Once the world had been taken over, he had been stuck in church every damn Sunday of his life and he sat in on lectures of homosexuality and how it was a sin. When he had come harder than ever before to the thought of one particularly cute dude in church at sixteen, he had freaked out for weeks about it. Plus, there wasn’t much that his father agreed with the angels about, but he always made snide comments and had an expression that showed his disgust when they went into seedy bars, looking for clues on cases, and spotted gay couples in the corners. That was the only thing that put the fear of God in Dean, the possibility of his dad finding out about his bisexuality. It made him feel better when he realized that he liked both men and women about the same, but it was never enough for him to talk about it to anyone—not even Sam or Jessica.
Castiel shook his head. “Thank you, Sam, but I’ve dealt with much worse than this. I’ll be fine.”
“Zachariah needs my report, yes.” The look on his face told Dean that he wasn’t too pleased about that.
Rather than acknowledge Sam's taunt—because Dean Winchester did not pout about shit—he tried to move onto a conversation more relevant to his interests. "Hey, smart ass in the kitchen, you said the archbishop had a heart attack, right?" He didn't wait for her to answer. "Does that mean we don't have mass tomorrow?" Because, seriously, who wanted to wake up at the ass crack of dawn to listen to some dude rant on and on about how humans needed to be better for God.
“It’s okay, Cas.” Dean cut him off and ran his hand through his hair. “What’d you find?”
“C’mon,” he started to run toward the doors on the other end of the sanctuary. “We have to tell Bobby and Ellen about this, too. I wouldn’t put it past that dick to try and go after them to get through us.”
The other man’s brows furrowed and he stared down at the flames. “I…think I have had moments like that. It was…before we fell—many millennia before that. Before Lucifer fell, even,” he mused quietly. “I loved to watch the Earth, but I also loved to spend time with my brothers and sisters. Balthazar and I were in trouble more often than not and Anael had to save us from punishment. Uriel was much more…carefree.” He smiled, but it looked too sad. “But I truly loved to spend time with my older brother, Gabriel. I miss him.”
Sam was still in the car, thank fuck, but it didn’t stop Dean from letting out a shaky breath. “She…she didn’t make it, Cas.” He choked out. “Someone…they set the house on fire. We…we were too late and…”
“Sam!” Dean screamed and wrapped an arm around his brother’s taller form. “Sammy, we have to leave! We have to let the police handle it! I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m sorry.” He repeated over and over as he forced his little brother out of the room and out of the house while he thrashed in Dean’s arms. “Goddamn it. I’m so sorry, Sam. I’m so goddamn sorry.” He choked out.
Renee received a double dose of the ol’ Winchester charm when the two both smiled at her. “Hi there,” Sam spoke up for them both. “I’m Sam and this is my brother Dean and, well, this is a little embarrassing—” he rubbed the back of his neck in false modesty. “See, we were on our way to the capital and we ended up lost. We passed by your house, saw a whole bunch of people, and assumed that someone could…help us out?”
It could've been because of that wound, but Castiel looked pained at the news and, for a second, it seemed like he was about to cry. After a few silent seconds, though, he put on that same determined expression he wore back in the church. “Then it is even more important to protect the people she loved most.”
Dean rolled his eyes because only Castiel could talk about human sexuality so seriously. Jessica, on the other hand, seemed genuinely interested, but also confused. “Does that mean that the preachers are wrong?” She inquired and Castiel raised a brow at her. “When they say that homosexuality is condemned by the bible? Is that not right?”
“Gabriel?” Those years in church weren’t for nothing, despite what people thought about him. He paid attention sometimes. “Don’t tell me you mean the Gabriel that told Mary that she was, y’know? You don’t mean that one, do you?”
Around ten minutes into their embrace, there was a loud thud on the hood of the Impala and both men whirled their heads around to stare at the dark-haired man now sprawled across the front of the car. Dean scrambled out of his seat and almost threw himself at Castiel had he not wanted to hurt him more and, man, he looked like he was in bad shape.
In no time at all, they arrived at the old Winchester home that had been rebuilt a year or two after Mary died—Dean could never remember the exact date, just knew that he had been little when he went back home and that he cried a lot because his mother wasn't there to tuck him in anymore. The new house had been consolation for their house, but it'd made John even more upset than before because that was all they got for the loss of Mary's life—a
“Is it not?”
Much to Dean's dismay, it was a lot harder than it used to be to have a slice of pie. Sure, Lawrence had a nice population, but it was nowhere near the size of cities on the east coast. It was poorer compared to those places and the pie was pretty damn expensive—any sweets were, honestly. Factories that processed fatty foods had pretty much died out, so it was mostly farms that supplied the nation's organic, healthy rabbit food. So, anyone that could make a pie out of what was left made sure that they were paid well and, unfortunately, a professional hunter's salary couldn't make it.
Dean had been able to hold himself up on his hands and knees, but he collapsed onto the floor when the lack of air became too much for his body to handle. Cheek pressed against the hardwood, blood pooled around his head and he continued to choke on whatever body parts (lungs, definitely his lungs) were coming up his throat. It was hard to focus on more than Tammi, but he saw Elizabeth dart into the other room when the other woman wasn’t paying attention. A window shattered in that room she went into and then there was a pained scream from the demon in front of them.
Before Dean could even get a word in edgewise, Castiel spoke up. “As I explained to Dean before, I’m aware that you and Sam are healthy adults who are in love and soon to be married. People have…had sex with less than that between them.” He looked to Dean expectedly, almost like he was proud that he used more up to date terms. Then he had some kind of an epiphany. “Of course, one of you or both of you could be uninterested in sex and you bonded in another way. One would be very surprised at how fluid human sexuality truly is.”
“We can be real jackasses, I know. People fear what they don’t understand. Blah, blah, blah,” he snorted and dropped down in a chair at the table across from Castiel. “I could care less about what other people think about me. Like I said, it was my dad that I was worried about.”
Their conversation dropped after that and Dean stood there for a few more seconds before he moved back over to the Impala. He cleared his throat and reached for one of his tools then looked over his shoulder at Castiel who still stood in the same place that he appeared in. “You’re allowed to sit down somewhere, y’know.” He pointed out and motioned toward the chair that was in front of his workbench.
Dean should’ve known, goddamn it, especially when Sam came into the kitchen after church, somber as he told everyone at the table that, “Pastor Jim is dead.”
It should’ve dawned on someone that shit would hit the fan sooner rather than later. Their lives had been too nice and Dean, of all people, should’ve realized that fact sooner. He should’ve braced for the crash that was bound to happen. God, he should’ve warned Sam to hold onto Jessica a little bit more and maybe he would’ve actually went to the bar and found some nice body to curl up with one last time, even if there was a ninety percent chance he’s blurt out Castiel’s name in the middle of it, because it was bound to happen. It was the Winchester curse. Happy never ever lasted with them.
Renee scurried ahead of them and glanced over her shoulder to smile politely. “If you don’t mind, I want to let my book club know about what’s going on.” She didn’t wait for their response and both Sam and Dean shared a look. It was more than obvious that whatever the witches were up to, they preferred to do it in the comfort of a living room.
Castiel nodded in response. “I could point out that your plan of action was unwise, but I think your pain was more than enough to remind you that I am a skilled warrior and know what I’m talking about. You should take my advice next time.” He chastised.
On the road with Castiel, Dean often had to ask himself who was more of a nerd, Sam or Castiel. Sure, the dude was a total badass on hunts and if he had use for money, he’d offer Castiel a cut, too, because he took care of the spookies most of the time with little help from Dean. But he also went crazy over the littlest shit. Like, once, when they were on the hunt for a wendigo, a couple of bees wouldn’t leave Dean alone and he wasn’t allergic, sure, but he didn’t want to get stung, so he swatted at them. When Castiel looked so offended and then went on a
Hey all, if you've been following the weather, Texas is in the middle of snowpocalypse. Literally we are all pretty convinced the world is ending and my power has been flickering like crazy. BtR will be up as soon as possible, hopefully tomorrow if the elements don't conspire against me. Until then, kisses and love and be careful if you have to drive in shitty conditions; seriously don't make me worry about you guys, I'm too young for wrinkles yet.
The front door shut with a soft click and Dean heard an engine rev in the driveway, Mrs. Tran was hell on wheels, even more so than he was and Anna joked all the time about how riding in a car with her boyfriend's mom made her thankful for Gabriel's distracted, gesticulating method of chauffeuring her around. He glanced over at Sam who was frowning down at his phone again. His slice of pizza drooping precariously in his other hand forgotten in favor of whatever it was that he saw on the small screen.
This hadn't been part of the original memory, but the reference part was true.
"Aww shucks, sweetheart." Dean muttered, feeling the blush that had already started at Meg's comments creep even farther up his neck toward his ears that always tinted pink when he was embarrassed. "You're not so bad yourself, Krushnic."
"Cas," Dean said softly, biting his lip when the smaller boy looked over like he was stopping himself from saying something, but then shaking his head and pulling out a pocket knife from his leather jacket.
"Christ on a cracker," Charlie complained, pointing her spoon accusingly at the two of them. "I knew this would happen, stop being weird. Stop it right now."
She fought off all the questions she had for the other man like what was it like to be on a first name basis with Christopher Nolan (who even Charlie had met once at some brunch thing that Balthazar insisted he needed her at, but she hadn't talked to him because he bossed around Batman for Yoda's sakes!) and why hadn't he come out of the closet yet because even she had found out that he was gay within like twenty minutes of intensive Googling so it was just a matter of time before at least one reporter stopped being lazy and asked why he hadn't been snatched up yet. Charlie pushed away those questions because her year working for Balthazar had taught her that famous people were notoriously skittish so she had perfected a way of approaching them like they were frightened bunnies, slow and soothing and bearing food.
“These witches have most likely sold their souls to a demon if they have such knowledge of angel wards. I believe that the wisest course of action would be if you took down the wards rather than attempt to confront them. A coven of powerful witches could be lethal to you, but it would be simple for me to smite—”
Rather than let Dean's mouth end their lives, Sam spoke up on their account. “Yes sir. I'm Sam and this is my older brother, Dean.”
“So, he thinks our problem is the witchy kind,” Dean explained to his brother and nodded toward Castiel who remained a short distance from them as the trio exited the store and to the Impala.
"Why can't you do it? Or Jess? Why do I have to do it?" Dean complained loudly at the bottom of the staircase. "Don't want him to pop in on the quickie you and Jess have going on or what?"
Sam watched Castiel before he looked back over at Dean. “Is he sure?” Then, he shook his head at his own question. “Never mind,” he muttered. “What’s our next move? Should we scope the place out or can he just…roast all of them like he did with that vamp nest?”
"What about when he's mean to me?"
Dean reeled back and punched Sam in the shoulder. "Ha ha," he scoffed. "You're hilarious." Then, he had another idea. “How about we be lost instead? Haven’t done that one in a while, right?”
John had murmured, "I told them, but no one listened." Then, he holed himself up in his room and almost drank himself into a coma.
“I—” his brows furrowed and he frowned in confusion as he cut his own answer off. “We’ve been told to love our Father’s greatest creations. I am obedient to Him. I’ve found the progression of humanity fascinating.” He sounded sincere about it, but he seemed troubled at the same time.
“I have to alert the garrison about this.” Castiel spoke up and everyone snapped their heads to look at him. And Dean could’ve sworn that he almost looked sympathetic as he addressed Elizabeth directly. “I have to tell them about this. There could be more demons in the area. But I will explain your situation. I’m sure they’ll be lenient when they decide your punishment.”
Dean’s day just got better and better.
“Okay.” Sam stepped between the two of them, probably so he could stop Dean from running his mouth much more. “Dude, he just saved our asses. Can you stow your crap for a second and thank him?” He turned back to Castiel. “You’re right. We should’ve listened to you.”
, it happened. Jessica had to work, Sam was out with Bobby on a supply run that would take a day or two, and Castiel informed Dean that he needed to help his garrison with some work that would take the whole night. It was the
. Did they even have feelings? Shit, that was a question for the scholars.
Castiel prodded at some touchy issues that Dean avoided at unless he absolutely had to. John Winchester was an idol for Dean, but the man had his flaws and all that his oldest son wanted from him was acceptance, but it never happened. John doted on Sam, but he was a total hard ass on Dean and it would’ve been a hell of a lot worse if he found out that Dean took it up the ass from time to time. Fuck, there was no doubt that he would’ve kicked Dean out of the house if he ever found out. It sucked, but that was how it was.
Thank God that it flew over his head because he cocked his head to the side and squinted. “Get lucky how? I don’t understand.”
rant about how important the bees were in the scheme of the world, Dean would’ve rather shoved his head into a beehive than listen to another word about bees. He was shocked that Castiel hadn’t just dropped everything and stripped naked then skip through the forest with all the cute and cuddly animals and bees.
Dean was only able to catch a quick look at Castiel who was hunched in front of the podium, but he saw the red sigil being drawn across the wood. Then, with determination in his blue eyes, Castiel looked back at Zachariah in defiance before he slammed his hand onto the symbol. A flash of white lit up the entire room and momentarily blinded Dean. There were pained yells and when the light cleared away, every single angel in the church was gone.
“No. Not this time.” Castiel answered. “But say something like that again and I will.” He stared Dean down, much like how he did before they left for church almost two weeks ago. “You should watch your mouth, Dean Winchester. Not all angels are forgiving as me.”
“Renee, shut your painted hole.” Tammi, the patron demon to desperate housewives, drawled and kept her hand raised. She even took a step forward and another wave of pain rolled over Dean while the wall behind Sam buckled under the pressure. “So, a couple of hunters show up at the door? Not that much a problem. Just another mess I have to clean up.” She said. “But help me out on this one, boys, why exactly is there an angel in the backseat of that rust bucket?”
It was once the Winchesters were prepared to hit the road and Sam had left a note for Jessica that told her they were on their usual monster of the week hunt—Dean was shocked there weren’t little hearts scribbled on the paper—that Castiel appeared. Because, apparently, it had become a new trend to leave him alone to interact with the angel, Sam darted out the front door and went to pack up the car while Castiel scrutinized them.
"Sell my soul to a demon to learn a few tricks to one-up the angels?" Dean scoffed from behind the wheel and shook his head. "No thanks, Bobby. Pass that on to Pastor Jim, too. Don't want him to waste his breath," he said with a scowl.
Castiel: Dean, don't do the thing.
Without Castiel there to hover over them, Dean and Sam were able to keep on with their lives as normal and prepared for the hunt that Bobby told Sam about at the church. One of the church members had told the older hunter about a series of deaths in a small town outside of Lawrence where a relative lived and, had Dean been there and not stuck with Castiel, he would’ve complained about how their hunts should have been solved by the angels since they were supposed to make the world such a better place and all.
The mention of Jessica made Sam stir, but it didn’t take the blank look off his face. Rather, he leaned back onto the bed and stared up at the wall above him. Dean knew that it was the best Sam could do and he was a damned hypocrite because he wouldn’t take care of himself, either. No matter how much they both lost, how much you’d think they would be used to loss, the grief never got any easier.
“Howdy, kiddos,” another masculine voice called out from behind them.
“I should check in on Sam and Jessica.” Castiel announced after a few more minutes of too friendly women greeting him.
Castiel smiled a little dry smile. “I’m sorry. I keep upsetting you, don’t I?” Dean shrugged, but didn’t say anything in response. It made Castiel sigh quietly. “As you’d most likely say, my people skills suck.”
“The garden?” he repeated slowly. “Is that where the Big Man…?”
. All he could think about after Castiel left was how awesome it would be if he used Dean to vent some of that stress, just shoved him over the back of the couch and pounded into him. Or they could head up to his bedroom and Dean would bet that Castiel could keep him pinned down with one hand, push his face into the mattress and give it to him rough, just the way Dean loved it. He bet that Castiel would be able to hit that sweet spot with every thrust. And, of fucking course, he wondered after that how huge Castiel’s cock was. Who the hell could try to hook up with someone else when all they could think about was how much they wanted some angel to fuck them?
, Cas?” he shook his head in disbelief. “No, dude, look…” He rubbed his forehead and sighed in frustration. “It’s
? I…I don’t understand—” she put the proverbial foot down. “You
“Too late now, honey, and once I’m done with the boys here, it’ll be time for me to collect.”
. Still want to be a human?”
were. But he did stand up to his full height and turned around so that he could study Castiel’s face and the dude actually looked sincere. Dean replayed every word that Castiel had ever said to him and started to think that maybe,
“Uh, it’s more for Sam than me, really. Like I said earlier, he gets bitchy after bad cases and he was pretty worried about what ended up happening to her…” But Castiel didn’t look convinced. He looked more amused than anything else.
Dean had only heard rumors about what happened to people who were punished by angels and if they were anything to go bad, Elizabeth didn’t have much of a life ahead of her. But it wasn’t like there was much he could do considering he was on the heavenly shit list, too. All he could do was hope that Castiel was right and that the angels would show come kind of compassion toward Elizabeth.
“Oh.” Castiel had that pinched expression on. “I didn’t mean to scare you.”
“Maybe if you’re a prude or a scientist or some shit,” Dean pinched the bridge of his nose, but he was still grinning. “People call it sex nowadays…or they say fucking. That too,” he added then his nose scrunched up. “Sorry, man, didn’t mean to cuss in front of you. I should stop doing that, huh? I’ll end up downstairs if I don’t.”
There was a sudden hiss of pain that came from Uriel and Castiel suddenly darted past Dean and Sam with that same silver blade in his hand. Dean quickly looked over his shoulder and watched Uriel press his hand over a slice in his stomach that actually bled light. Zachariah straightened up and started to stalk toward them, very visibly pissed off, so Dean did what he did best and aimed his shotgun at the commanding angel. It wouldn’t hurt them, but, hell, maybe it could slow them down. Sam followed his lead and the both of them continued to shoot at both Uriel and Zachariah while they backed up to meet Castiel at the podium.
okay. “Yeah, I’m okay. Thank you, Castiel.”
“I don’t question the orders, Dean. I follow them.” Now, rather than offended, he looked pissed. “No one would ever make a decision like that unless our Father commanded it. If you value your life, you’ll never make an accusation like that ever again. I should report you for saying something so blasphemous.”
It was late when Dean decided to sneak out of his room because his stomach reminded him that he hadn’t eaten since the old ladies at church fed him lunch. He knew that Sam and Jessica would be in bed by that time and he prayed that Castiel was out on some official heaven business because he didn’t want to face anyone after that whole…fiasco. Now that hours had passed, he realized that, yeah, he acted like a stupid kid. He should’ve manned up and told everyone the truth then and there, not hide out as if that would make it all disappear.
a witch and she needs to be punished for that. But I haven’t heard about the severity of her punishment. That is left to those of a higher rank.”
"I'm confused." Castiel spoke up and the two men looked toward the backseat at him. "Why don't you tell the witches that you're both professional hunters? Why would you lie to them?"
When Castiel did exactly what Dean told him to do and actually kept quiet, Dean was pretty shocked. He thought that the angel would’ve disappeared and left Dean to himself or maybe gone to check on Sam in the library, but he stayed seated. As
Dean had no reason why he felt bad for the angel, but he did, and he cleared his throat. "That's pretty cool, man." He rubbed the back of his neck. "So, you really like us humans, don't you?"
Castiel peered down at himself before he stared at Dean once more, blankly and as if the answer was the most obvious in the world. “I didn’t wish to attract any more attention than necessary at the mass today. Humans tend to…flock around us when we attend masses.” Yeah, he could understand that. Most of the people at church were enthusiastic believers and tended to drop to their knees in the presence of angels. “And, obviously, I want there to be the least amount of stigma placed on you and your family as possible. Therefore, I changed my attire to something that would be considered…more casual.”
, Dean let his eyes sweep over what was in his line of vision. Despite what Castiel had told them, there didn’t appear to be any kind of wards to keep an angel outside—unless the wards were invisible. Dean didn’t think the witches would have that kind of power, but the demon that they sold their souls to probably did. Still, how the hell was he supposed to take down wards that he couldn’t see?
“I’ll wait here.” Dean spoke up while both Renee and Sam started to walk ahead. She raised a brow at him and he smirked back at her. “Trust me on this, sweetheart, you’ll catch diabetes if you listen to him talk with his
“No.” Castiel interrupted him and his brows furrowed. “No, if you prefer Cas, that’s fine. I want to make this as easy as possible for you and your family.” He then sighed softly. “I know this has been difficult. You and Sam have been…very hostile toward each other lately and I know it’s because neither of you are comfortable with my presence.”
Garrisons were stationed across the world, policed humans to make sure they were as holy as possible, and when people rioted...well, the riots never lasted that long. Dean had been ten and he remembered how he covered Sam's eyes when scenes of all the bloodshed and violence and bright angelic lights splashed across every station on the television.
The other man blinked in surprise. “Oh. Okay then.” He mumbled and awkwardly shuffled over to the barstool to take a seat. Then, he looked at Dean expectantly. “Is this better?”
“Do you have to do that?” Dean snapped. Castiel sent him a perplexed look and Dean waved toward his body with a scowl. “Can you wear a damn bell around your neck or something? You’ll give someone a heart attack if you keep popping up behind them.”
“I can put up wards.” The angel gritted out while he shoved a hand over his own glowing wound that stretched across his abdomen. “We should go inside now.” Then, he looked around and must’ve noticed how they were one person less because he asked, “Where’s Jessica?”
They made it to the Impala before Sam broke down and screamed.
Then, Castiel turned his head to look at Dean head-on and since when the hell did Castiel look so damn pretty? Pretty enough that Dean had to hold back the urge to reach up and run his thumb across the bottom of those luscious pink lips? “Thank you, Dean. That means very much to me.” He mumbled and Dean almost hadn’t heard it because he was so focused on how those lips moved. There was another surge of warmth that spread throughout his body and it wasn’t exactly affection nor did it spread in his chest. “You’re a very good friend.” He must’ve realized what he said and it took Dean to process it himself since he never expected Castiel to admit he saw Dean as an actual friend. The angel immediately balked and fumbled to say, “I didn’t mean to assume—I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said that to you.”
Meanwhile, Dean was kind of creeped out. "So, you sat around in the clouds and...watched us?" It was hard to picture some dude up in heaven who watched the whole world. "Why would you care about what we did? Don't angels think we're the worst since we messed up God's whole plan?"
“I will be.” Castiel answered after a few tense beats. Dean reeled back from his embrace and stared at his friend in confusion. “I rebelled, Dean. I…I can’t feel it yet, but soon I’ll start to fall. Once I’ve fallen completely, I’ll be a human.”
“Uh, you okay, Cas?” Sam asked carefully.
Jessica rolled her eyes. "Someone tell me why I agreed to marry into this family?"
Elizabeth took a deep breath and her smile turned a little nervous. “It’s nice to meet you.”
“I think we should definitely check it out.” Sam agreed and glanced at Castiel. “Do you want to come in with us? If you’re uncomfortable with the sulfur, you can stay out here while we scope it out.”
“Castiel, don’t you dare—”
killed Pastor Jim?” Sam snarled from beside his older brother.
Dean should have expected it when he turned around and Castiel was there to tell him, “You just did.” Of course, as any normal human would have, he had physical responses that he couldn’t stop even if he wanted to, so his heart rate kicked up a gear and he jumped a little when he spotted the angel who appeared out of thin air. Dean desperately hoped that Castiel would leave soon because the being hadn’t even been with them for twenty-four hours and he was getting sick of the whole coming out of nowhere deal.
“Uriel,” his deep voice demanded to be obeyed, “there's no need for them to do that in our presence. We are not to be worshiped. That is for our Father.”
He took note of that
“I could smite them, but the wards need to be erased before I can enter the home where I suspect the coven is.” Castiel explained when the two of them were beside the Impala and apparently angels have super hearing—but that shouldn’t have been much of a surprise.
Castiel, on the other hand, wasn’t aware of this because, when Dean and Sam stopped at a store for some supplies, he appeared in the middle of the aisle and, after Dean recovered from his near heart attack, informed them that a priest would house them for the duration of their hunt. The two would’ve been fine to sleep in the Impala since the weather was decent enough and they’d had worse before, but Castiel had no idea and made preparations ahead of time for them. As nice as the sentiment was, Dean didn't appreciate it and, okay, he may have been a little bitter about the earlier threat, too. Sam decided to prove he was the better brother and thanked Castiel.
“Let’s move then.” Dean grunted and stormed toward the entrance of the church.
“Huh,” Dean raised a brow at him. “Guess this whole world domination stuff is just another way to show us how much you care, isn’t it?” he shot back snidely.
you told them about it?”
The corner of Castiel’s lips turned upward a little. “Yes, I think I would like that.” Then he looked down at the ground. “Only if you’re comfortable with that and once you’re done with your work, of course.”
“I’m sorry.” The man above him suddenly sighed sadly. “I should have been there sooner. Maybe I could have saved her. No one—Jessica didn’t deserve that kind of death.” He pressed his face into Dean’s hair and took a deep breath. “I’m not sure I can ever understand how much you’ve lost today.”
“What the hell is this?” Sam asked and, from underneath the podium, he pulled out a…jar?
“Um,” Dean cleared his throat. The dude was spot on. “Sam’s just been high maintenance this past week. He’s like that after a bad case. It’s nothing about…” He trailed off when he noticed how Castiel looked unimpressed with his lies and coughed awkwardly. “Yeah, I’m just gonna shut up now.”
“We didn’t
“Technically it was my sweet daughter behind you that did it.” The yellow-eyed demon pointed out and Dean looked over his shoulder at the female demon who merely winked at him. “We needed your attention and it’s not like I can kill your daddy twice.” Dean’s head snapped around at that and the demon moved his head back and forth. “Okay, it was
“You told us so. Yeah, we get it.” Dean groused and then shot Castiel a glare. “And skilled warrior, my ass,” he snorted. “You used to watch us from up on high, remember?”
. And, yeah, you have to work with dickheads like Zachariah and Uriel and you wouldn’t be a happy camper, either. When he appeared and disappeared and his trench coat would flutter with the wind that Dean always assumed came because of his wings. There was this aggravated scowl etched onto his face and his voice was so much more gravely than usual.
anymore, Cas.”
Dean tried to fall asleep, but it never really came.
Sam smiled a little. "We need in the house to end the problem, but if we don't build some kind of trust with them, like Dean said, they'll kill us at the door. And we need in there to take down the wards, too," he added. "It helps sometimes to use the hunter card, like if we need information. Other times, it's better to lie."
The woman choked out a sob and ducked her head between her knees. Dean patted her hand that was still clenched around his sleeve before he withdrew from her grip and stood up to turn and face the two men that had walked into the room with him. Sam looked down at Elizabeth for a few seconds and Dean knew that Sam must’ve overheard his conversation with Elizabeth. Yeah, she dabbled with witchcraft, but Tammi had manipulated her into it probably.
Dean shoved some mashed potatoes into his mouth and tried to think of what he could say to Castiel. “You didn’t know. Honestly, I should’ve talked about it to Sam and Jess awhile back, but I couldn’t ever do it. Thanks for doing it for me, I guess.” He mumbled after he swallowed his food.
As much as he had hoped at the time, what fell to Earth hadn't been shooting stars or a meteor shower or any other scrap of a scientific theory. Hours after the first wave, they approached governments across the world and all claimed the exact same thing:
And for yet another reason he didn’t know, the
“You’re not on your deathbed. That status of your soul could change. I doubt it since, as far as I can tell, you are a good man, but it isn’t definitive. I see no problem with telling you that.” Castiel replied in an as-a-matter-of-fact tone.
Dean spotted another woman on her knees in front of a coffee table and he immediately noticed the black cloth thrown over the table with a familiar pentagram in the middle. The woman, with olive skin and dark hair, lifted her eyes which flicked black as they connected with Dean’s and a smug smirk stretched across her face.
Dean shook his head. “No, man,” he crouched down and started to throw his tools back into the box. The air tensed up and when Castiel shifted, Dean decided to make his peace even if it was bound to put him in deep shit. “It’s just…how can you guys do this and you haven’t even met God? Is He even the one that told you guys to take over the world or did you decide to do that on your own?”
“Yeah, you tell yourself that,” he mumbled.
And then they just…left. They vanished and no one moved for a few moments, as if they would pop back in the church and torture everyone until someone made a deal, but the church remained emptied of all demons. Dean slowly inched toward the ring of holy fire and tossed his flask of holy water onto the circle.
Castiel squinted and cocked his head to the side. “Cas?” he repeated questioningly.
It took him another few minutes, but finally he was able to stop crying long enough to say, “You don’t have to say sorry, Cas. None of this is your fault.” He laughed with as much bitterness as he had. “You should be happy you can’t feel this…
The insult went over his head because he frowned in confusion at Dean. "I don't understand. Why would I want to spend private time with the priest? And what is a...B.F.F.?"
Summary of the chapter:
From what he’d heard, none of this murder made sense to him and it probably didn’t make sense to Sam, either. No hellhounds were involved, so Pastor Jim hadn’t made a deal and ran out of time. He led a resistance, so unless another demon wanted his soul for more information, there was no reason a demon would kill him.
Honestly, Dean hated to hear this same bullshit that everyone tied in with the angels spewed, but he was way too tired to even bother with an argument. “Yeah, whatever you say, man.” But he did have a problem with how Castiel seemed to roll over for his superiors. He seemed like he really cared about humans, but he was too naïve if he believed the crap he told Dean about the bigger picture.
“Huh,” Dean chuckled. “Who knew that angels didn’t like cars?”
Before Dean darted inside after his brother, he looked up toward the window to the room that Sam and Jessica shared. There, in the window, was the shape of a woman. Before flames cascaded up and swallowed up the intruder, he saw the woman look down at him, but couldn’t see any more details before she disappeared. A second later, that window exploded.
Dean immediately understood the hidden message in that question, but he should’ve known that Dean would never ever rat Castiel out to his superiors. “‘Course you can, Cas.” He replied and threw a stick into the fire to keep away the chill.
“That was that special sigil that can banish angels.” He ran a hand over his face and shook his head. “Dude, Zach won’t be happy. We need to leave. We need to find someplace to hide out for a while. Is Jess at the hospital?”
"Well, I told the good Pastor that I'd try and I did, so that's that." Bobby commented and yeah, Dean was happy that at least someone didn't push him to join the movement. Bobby and Ellen supported Dean's decision to stay out of the way of the hurricane that was surely headed the movement's way. Dean just hoped they'd take the hint and get out before it was too late.
“Maybe I’m a dumb fuck, but what happens when all the seals break? Whatever the hell they are?” Dean questioned weakly.
“I need to see that.” Castiel said urgently and literally snatched the jar from Sam who blinked in shock. The dark-haired man examined the contents of the jar before he looked up at them, panicked. “This is holy oil.”
Castiel’s brows furrowed. “I’m fine—” Dean sent him another dry look and he seemed to understand. “Oh. You’re uncomfortable with my presence? If you prefer it, I can make myself incorporeal.”
The Impala pulled up at the broken down church and there was still some yellow tape around the place, but other than that and Castiel on the front steps, it was abandoned. Armed with holy water, salt-loaded shells in the barrels of their shotguns, and some paint for any last minute devil’s traps, they approached the angel who looked like he’d just sucked on a sour lemon.
And it was almost instinctive when he retorted with a coy smirk and said, “You keep up with that and you might get lucky tonight, Cas.” Fuck, fuck, fuck, did he actually say that out loud? What the hell? Oh, shit there was a circle in hell for someone that flirted with a damn angel of the Lord.
“There’s an
, but he had a funny feeling that they could, in a way, and maybe didn’t understand it. Or maybe it was just Castiel that felt love. He seemed to be about the only angel that was truly
It was still kind of awkward having a socially incompetent angel in the garage with him, but he didn’t want to hurt Castiel’s feelings, so he replied with a, “Yeah.” He turned back around to look down at the engine. “Now, sit back and listen to some Zep.” He blinked down at the machinery in confusion because he had actually cared about an
"I'm putting you in VIP tonight." Meg said flipping through the pages on the clipboard she was holding.
“No,” the other man answered, amusement making his voice fond. “We didn’t get drunk married. You asked, but I figured I should introduce you to my mom first.”
"I was fine with it," Castiel said shrugged his shoulders. "For a while at least, I never saw them kissing or anything so for a while I could just pretend like they were friends and Daniel was just scared of coming out to his friends so that's why he was keeping us a secret. One day around the end of spring break this year, he asked me to meet him up on the roof of the school; which we did sometimes when it had just snowed and stuff because no one else would be up there. He said he had someone he wanted me to meet and I figured that he had told his friend John about us, because if anyone it was going to be John since he was the nicest one of his teammates."
“Really, man,” Garth continued, cheerful as ever even though Dean had brusquely pushed past him on the way out of the bathroom. “The guy that does all of my work, he’s great. He specializes in cover ups too! He did this trailing flower thing on Bess’s side to cover up the scar from her accident. It's pretty awesome.”
"I'm s-sorry, Dean." Castiel said, sniffling and wishing that he had never been ripped out of Purgatory by Naomi because that punishment was so much more bearable than watching this. "I didn't mean for this to happen. I'm useless and too weak to help you, I should have ran here instead of flying."
to be, but Chuck Shurley had never been one for giving his kids the easy way out. And his mom had told him that there was no shame in being a twenty-one year old who still didn't have their life together even though he had just spent the last five years getting asked by everyone about what he wanted to do with his life and he had thought he had known at one point but now…
"I'm glad you were able to make it out, Rufus."
I had bounced around between jobs for a little bit, never making enough to afford more than a shared apartment with a room the size of a shoebox in the most horribly rodent infested apartment this side of the Hudson River, but I figured it was better than staying in a shelter; at least there I had a place to keep my stuff and door that I could shut everyone else out with. There were like six other people living there and they all rotated out depending on who could and couldn't afford to pay for their bed anymore to our shitty, slumlord super. But I lost my last decent job when I started hearing voices."
"Whatever it costs, I'll pay it."
"No, Crowley. I'm not at the house...where am I? At the gym, I just got done working out. The trainers here really ride you hard...yea...yea I'll call you when I get back to the house. Uh-huh, yes Crow. Yes, Fergus! Okay,bye."
"Speaking of showers..."
Haply I think on thee, and then my state,
"You should have said something!" Dean exclaimed, pushing against the other man's chest teasingly with the palm of his hand before he changed his mind and hauled Cas back in, pulling him close for another kiss. "Fuck it, we're both morons."
and didn't lose his best friend in the process; stuff like this only happened in sappy romantic comedies or 'Friends-esque' sitcoms.
"No worries, Cas," Dean said with a yawn, running a hand through the hair on the side of his head that had flattened while he slept before clambering to his feet. "Best nap I've had in ages. C'mon sweetheart, you must be starving."
The concession stand was selling cider and s'mroes, it was nice."
Dean pulled away from Cas quickly so that the other man wouldn't see the hurt expression he knew was on his face, it was silly. Castiel wasn't tied to him, didn't owe him anything so Dean didn't know why he had been expecting the other man to want to come back to his apartment when he probably had a big hotel room waiting for him somewhere. But he was going to make sure that Cas had a way to contact him and vice versa because Dean would be damned if he lost the other man again over something as stupid as not knowing his phone number.
His cellphone hadn't emerged again since Monday and Dean was pretty sure that it was dead by now anyway, but he could imagine the kind of frantic voice mails that his family was leaving for him. Jo was probably madder than a snake in a boot, Sam was probably pairing up with Ash to track him down via satellite triangulation or something else dorky, and Bobby was most definitely earning a few more gray hairs over this, but Dean couldn't even begin to picture how Cas was reacting to him not having returned yet.
Castiel managed to clamber to his feet and get his hands tucked behind his back with no issues, but try as he might he couldn't lift his head up so his eyes were focused forward and his posture was straight; it just felt so heavy and staring at Virgil's own dress shoes that were polished to a mirror like shine was just easier. He wondered idly if the older man rubbed canola oil on them before he left the house, but then shook his head to clear the thought because that was just silly; oil would make the shoes all slippy.
His glasses were slipping down his nose and when Cas looked up at him over them Dean thought he was going to come right there, this was all of his teacher and librarian fantasies paired with his secret kink and he didn't know how long he was going to last with Castiel stroking him and teasing him wearing those fucking panties before he came all over the other man's chiseled face in a way that would make porn stars jealous. Dean let out a strangled gasp when his partner bobbed down on his dick, taking in more on that first pass then should be humanly possible, before pushing Castiel down and back onto the bed, kicking out of his jeans and pressing his mouth hungrily against the other man's, tasting salt and rain and all of the little things that made kissing Cas unique and addicting.
Castiel took a deep breath, reaching out and opening the door of the Impala, letting the cold winter air rob the vehicle of the warmth that had started coming from the rattling heating vents. "I did it to myself, Dean. The scars, I did it to myself."
But Toots had also been the mother figure that Dean had desperately needed. The one who told him it was okay to cry and held him when the nightmare remnants of a hunt woke him up gasping and sweating in the night. And she’d also been his fiercest protector; getting into John’s space and knocking his hands just that little bit off target when he aimed a slap at Dean and flat out flinging a vamp across the room on Dean’s very first hunt when he’d frozen out of fear as John yelled at him to ‘Do it! Cut the damn thing’s head off!’
"Present?" Castiel muttered against his lips, draping his arms around Dean's neck so that he could play with the short strands of hair at the back of his head.
Rufus just gave him a sad look and shook his head, striding purposefully through the door before seeming to shrink in on himself once he took his first step out into the hallway. His steps became more of a careful, awkward shuffle that made the house slippers that he was wearing shush softly on the linoleum as Castiel watched him edge out of sight toward the end of the hallway where the showers were. The older man was muttering curses under his breath about all the women on this ward always ganging up on him and Castiel felt like something really must be wrong with him if Rufus thought that he was the one who deserved pitying looks; he didn't want to hide how he was feeling about Dean, but he didn't know if he would ever be able to not hide.
A fucking psychopath, that's who. An inconsiderate, asshole who didn't care how many people he took down with him on his path to self-destruction. Dean had met a few of those in his time and he had run as far and as fast as humanly possible, to this day he still wondered how close he had come to getting some permanent affliction and Bobby's fears for his safety didn't seem so absurd then.
"Yea, its fine," he mumbled, smoothing out his list and crossing off a couple of the things that Gabriel had managed to bring him already; toiletries, socks, and boxers because his brother had just bought brand new packages of those for him since there was no way he could wear the older man's. Castiel pushed the list across the counter towards his older brother and offered the battered pencil back to Bobby. "Look, I just need a couple more things, my own stuff from the apartment."
Castiel nodded robotically, his face expressionless as tears began to track silently down his cheeks again. Sam felt useless because he couldn't even begin to think of how to help any of them, Gabe wasn't going to let him go after Dean himself and Bobby would kill him if he found out that he did it anyway. No, the only thing that Sam could do was wait and it was the worst kind of torture.
Dean had notoriously bad luck with relationships. His last serious one had been in Kansas and it had lasted for six months right after high school. He had been ready to turn it into forever with the other man before he walked in on Victor with someone else and gave up on relationships for the next ten years or so until Cas came into his life. It was part of why falling so hard and fast for the actor scared the shit out of him and why he was so terrified of losing him now that they were together to someone who was more charming and more handsome and more British than he was.
Never having had a mother, Castiel is understandably wary of the affection at first, but after a few more weeks and a few more nightmares that end with the same comforting, familial routine, he adjusts.
“Hello?” the younger man answered, pushing his glasses back up his nose as he continued to look down at the white-capped water rushing by underneath his feet.
“Hmmmmm,” Dean mused, rolling the sip of coffee around his mouth as he pulled a considering face. “I taste….coffee.”
It was the first game of the season and the boy could only hope that the away games would be more interesting. There at least would be a change of scenery and other people to talk to; maybe he would get chatted up by someone from another school. That's seemed to be the thing to do.
"Come again?" He asked as Dean moved to lean against the window near where he was standing, shifting the bundle of clothes and bottles he was holding to his other arm so that he could reach up with his left hand towards Castiel's cheek; stopping his hand with a soft, sharp intake of breath and just letting it hover in the narrow space separating them.
"Can we go somewhere and talk?" He pleaded quietly with Dean, hoping that the other man could hear the sincerity in his voice.
And I would like to try gelato.
Dean nodded at his friend seriously.
wearing a stupid looking V-neck that would never in a million years belong to him. Cas was his and Balthazar fucking Roche could go take a flying fucking leap off of the closest cliff because Dean was not giving up on the actor like had on Victor without a fight.
"I'm sure that's not the only thing you'd like to do to our asses," Dick sneered, high fiving Crowley when the other man put his hand up beside him
"I said I'd take the test," Dean conceded slowly, tearing his eyes off of his boyfriend long enough to look at Tessa who nodded quickly in his direction before pulling out a paper with a date and directions on it.
the woman sighed, sounding like she was getting just as much of a headache from all of this as he was. "
"Adam, hey man." Dean looked around for Cas, hoping that he could pull this off without getting caught by the other boy. "Can you like, switch buses with me?"
"You're right, Mrs. Shurley." Dean said, grinning as he took the empty seat and started digging into the obnoxious looking pancakes that must have been his. "Meg was so much worse.'
"Nothing that he won't say to you tomorrow I'm sure."
“Nope,” Castiel replied, rocking up onto his toes as they stopped at their cars. “In fact, maybe next time I can just close and I can buy you a drink afterwards.”
"What if I tried now?" Castiel asked, he had nothing left to lose at this point. The love of his life had just told him that she had thought he was gay, that he had been too self-absorbed to take his chance with her when he had it, and that he was forever relegated to the friendzone, all in less than five minutes.
That was Sam; chivalrous despite the discomfort Gabe knew he had to be feeling. Now that he knew that the older man had been obsessing over him practically since they met and talking about him to other people on top of that, the other boy was probably really regretting that little public display of affection he had shown outside.
