Castiel closes his eyes as Dean dries his hair with the towel. It feels good. He realizes that he hasn’t had much physical contact recently aside from the usual pat on the arm or squeezing of the shoulder. Suddenly, he feels really vulnerable, as if the facade he’s been putting up for months is mere seconds from crumbling.
Dean hasn’t been at the station long. He hasn’t gotten a chance to go out on any serious runs yet, only a few traffic accidents here and there. Still, he could already say that he, Dean Winchester, loves his job. He enjoys screwing around with the other guys and keeping the rigs clean, neat, and maintained. He had really enjoyed his training and was happy the guys at the station seemed to welcome him pretty quickly, considering he was the resident rookie there. Yeah, being a firefighter was going to be awesome.
An hour later, Castiel steps back and looks at his work. He nods. “Not bad,” Castiel mumbles to himself. Suddenly, he hears a popping noise and scans the store. Shrugging, he checks his watch and walks into the back room again. “The last push, Castiel. We can do this,” he chuckles to himself and hauls up a box of costumes onto the desk.
Dean’s brows furrow. Did he just hear his name? No, he had to be hearing things. He clears his throat softly, looking around the room, and takes in the man lying in bed. He sees the man’s eyes closed and takes him to be asleep, so he turns to set the bag on a nearby chair.
It takes all of a few more grazes against Castiel’s prostate, and his cock kicks. “Dean, I’m gonna come,” he warns, his hole clenching around the other man’s fingers. “I’m, oh fuck,
Dean blinks at his own reflection as he wipes the condensation from the bathroom mirror. He takes in a breath of humid, steamy air and grips the sides of the sink. This was ridiculous.
Dean lifts his head at the sound of Castiel’s voice. His cock gives a twitch of excitement and a thrill he’s never felt. Pushing up from the bed, Dean eyes the door. “What was that?” Dean calls back, a small smirk on his face.
Dean coughs, nearly choking on his beer, spilling a small amount onto his shirt. Sitting up, he places his feet firmly on the ground and looks between them with wide eyes. “Whoa, whoa, whoa, no one said anything about kids.” He shakes his head. “How would that even be possible?” Dean sighs, slumping back in his chair rubbing his face. “We don’t need anymore Nephilims running around here...” He swallows hard before taking a large gulp of beer.
Castiel leans in close. “You’re supposed to eat the whole piece, Dean. Fill that mouth of yours. I know you can do it,” he winks, then leans back.
“Other than the additional power you’re talking about, that sounds like a regular human Dean. Except this one has bloodlust and fangs. Also, I’ll look into it. You know, earlier I was reading something in this book here,” Sam grabs a large book with a faded green cover, “it says that an angel’s Grace can heal and recover a human. What if we try that? You’re more than juiced up, and Dean isn’t weak.”
“Come on, Cas. Don’t be like that,” Dean grumbles at the angel, “and don’t slam the door!!!! Baby is fragile!” Dean moves around to the passenger side, “It’s okay, he didn’t mean it,” Dean coddles the car, wiping the side panel. Standing straight, Dean also surveys the surroundings. “Hey, about how long do you think Sam’s been gone?” Dean moves to Castiel’s side, trying to look through the windows from their current position near the car.
“Dean, the shower isn’t for me. It’s to muffle the sounds,” he grins, a mischievous glint in his eyes. Castiel wedges his leg further between Dean’s legs, finally making contact with the most intimate of places. At the same time, Castiel finds Dean’s hard nipple and pinches it lightly between his fingers.
Castiel rubs his hands together to warm up the gel. Then he goes for it. Castiel starts which Dean’s shoulder blades, gingerly at first. He massages the soap on the man’s muscles with the tip of his fingers, then his fingers, then his entire palms.
Dean decides to start where all good meals do; meat. He takes a breath, makes his way over to the store’s meat and seafood area, and looks around. There are so many choices. It never seems like there is this much food when he’s just picking stuff up for himself. He could do burgers, simple and easy, or steaks. But, those things seem
…” Dean groans as he feels the pressure building low in his groin as their eyes meet. His thrusts become deeper, more desperate, as he moves toward release. “Cas…” he hisses through clenched teeth.
it about Castiel? He couldn’t for the life of him ever remember anyone making him feel as on edge as Cas was. But the thing about it was, Dean didn’t necessarily dislike the feeling. It was invigorating in a way he had only ever found in his line of work. He shakes his head to clear out his thoughts and goes back to trying to focus on the television.
Dean slams the trunk closed and walks by Castiel, brushing up against him before opening the driver door and sliding in without another word. His mind is flooded with possible questions that Sam might have when returning to the motel as he starts the Impala quickly.
“I invited him here, Dean. What the hell’s your problem?” He looks to Dean, then back to Castiel. “I’ve never seen you this hostile to Cas in a long time. I think we need some help since it’s obvious that you’re not in your right mind.” Sam scolds Dean. “Thanks for coming out here, Cas.”
Castiel shivers and swallows every pulse of jizz down his gullet as he holds eye contact with Dean. Castiel can’t help but moan around the quivering flesh in his mouth. He licks at Dean’s spent cock, still savoring the flavor and recalling the sounds that came from his mate. He pushes Dean down his body and reluctantly removing him from his mouth. He slowly places Dean above his throbbing cock, teasing his hole with his wet tip.
Dean nods as he opens the trunk. “He’s not thinking right, Sam. Cas is going to get himself hurt,” Dean says as calmly as possible. Grabbing a machete, he holds it out to Sam. “And he’s lucky that blast didn’t do more damage than it did,” he finishes.
If he’s being honest with himself, he hasn’t been with much of anyone. When most kids his age were hooking up with each other, Dean was busy taking care of Sam and cleaning up his father’s messes. His father was almost like a second child, whether it be an unpaid bar tab or the scattered cans and glass bottles. After that, his schooling and training ate up his free time, so he didn’t have time to date. Truthfully, Dean doesn’t mind since no one has really ever made him feel as intrigued as this particular business owner.
“You’ve already drunk… There was a woman at a bar. You took her into the trees nearby, that’s how I found you. She was already dead at your feet. Then you came after me, and I needed to get you close, so I let you feed on me too, which knocked you out. Angel blood has that effect on monsters and people. I needed to get you here, and I knew you wouldn’t just agree to be chained up. I’m so, so sorry, Dean.” Castiel retraces the night for Dean, his voice tinged with sorrow.
Dean leans the broom against the wall before wiping his hands on his jeans. Walking over to the fridge, Dean grabs a beer. He takes a seat, tossing the bottle cap on the table before taking a drink. Shuffling some papers around on the table, Dean finds a take-out menu. “I don’t know,” he sighs. “He has some explaining to do about going down there to get you without back up, though...” He mumbles mostly to himself as he studies the take-out menu.
Dean nods, making another turn. “Just check out. I’ll grab everything from the room.” He replies, “I meant what I said, Sam. I’m going to find a way to bring him back.” He pauses, taking in a shaky breath before continuing. “I didn’t mean a deal. There has to be something back at the bunker…”
Sam finishes his salad, tossing the fork in the styrofoam container. “I agree. I am totally beat. Thanks for all the information. I have a lot to think about,” Sam nod at the two of them and stands. He takes the container to the sink, then leaves the kitchen.
“What are you doing, Cas?” Dean hoarsely whispers, their faces so close that his lips graze the angel’s. Castiel is too deep in thought to answer, and the tingling turns into a low pulse, which pushes from Dean’s brain and begins to flow throughout his body. The feeling is not painful, but quite the opposite as his hair, and other things, start to stand at attention.
“Who says I haven’t already started my homework?” Dean grins mischievously as his eyes search Castiel’s before wandering down to his full lips.
The small room continues to fill with steam from the running shower and begins creating a layer of sweat on Dean’s already warm skin. His breathing quickens as Castiel speaks. A low moan escaping his throat as he feels Castiel grip him. Dean shuts his eyes tightly in an attempt to calm his breathing. Sighing softly at Castiel’s words, he feels a frustration growing inside of him. Dean opens his eyes again, once more meeting Castiel’s lust blown gaze. Dragging his hands back to Castiel’s face, he pulls his mouth forward to meet his own. “Shut. Up.” Dean growls into Castiel’s mouth as he kisses him hungrily. He begins to pump himself into Cas’s warm hand as he bites down on Cas’s bottom lip, tugging gently.
“Cas, I know that I don’t talk to you much. Let alone ask for favors,” Sam begins his prayer, “but I need you right now. You’re the only one I can trust. Probably the only other person to care about Dean. Please come to me and lend me your aid.”
“Jesus, Cas, what the hell was that?” Sam says, still stunned. “How are you still standing?” He takes a visual inventory of the angel, a worried look plastered to his brow. Sam shakes his head. “I guess that’s just what you do, isn’t it?” Sam smiles at the man. “Care to help me out of here?”
“Fuck…” Aarons breathes. “Dispatch says they think they lost the guy that called. He wasn’t able to get out the back door, said it was blocked or jammed.”
“They should be there very shortly. Sir, has the fire spread into the room you are currently in?” The voice prompts, sounds of frantic typing happening in the background.
“Well, aren’t you just a ray of sunshine,” Dean groans, setting his phone down on the counter. He rolls his eyes to himself as he walks to his bedroom to change. He picks a green flannel with a dark grey t-shirt underneath. Dean wishes he could call or text Castiel a heads up that he was coming over if he was the type of person who didn’t like surprise company.
With a look, something unspoken passes between both of them. Perhaps an understanding of the situation, or maybe a calculation of the risk they are taking. Whatever it is, Dean nods his head. “I would be honored, Cas.”
“Mmm yeah,” Dean breathes. “Ke...keep telling me what you’re going to do to me,” he groans, cupping his balls as they inch closer to his body. “You wanna wreck this virgin ass?” A loud moan slips out of his mouth.
Dean rubs his face with water as he hears Castiel’s voice. “If that burger place is closed, pizza’s cool,” he replies before sticking his head out around the corner, taking in Castiel’s face and panicked expression. Seriousness washes over his face as he searches Castiel’s face. “What is it?”
“Listen! It’s because of this green-eyed angel that my boss is alive. I have to know who pulled his ass out of the fire. It’s the only thing that he's asked of me. Do you know he’s going to pay me even though there isn’t a store to work in? How can you deny me this?” Samantha rambles, leaning over the desk.
“How kind of you. Are you always this chauvinistic?” Castiel looks over his shoulder. He opens up the sausages. “How many do you want to stuff yourself with tonight?” He asks, looking down at the meat. Castiel doesn’t wait for the reply and dumps all four into the pan. He bumps Dean out of the way of the stove and starts the burner. After some time, the meat begins to sizzle, and Castiel watches it with a sharp eye. He pours some beer into the container, then places a lid on top, watching as the liquid slowly starts to bubble.
“I understand, ma’am, but unfortunately, I’m not allowed to release that type of information to anyone outside of the person or persons involved.” The receptionist informs the young women, sounding equal parts apologetic and annoyed.
Castiel laughs slightly as he starts to rinse the suds out. He groans again, massaging the slick product out of his messy locks. Blindly, he grabs for the body soap, knocking over the conditioner in the process, and cringes as the bottle falls to the floor with a loud thump.
Dean watches Sam breach the ground and relaxes slightly before looking back at Castiel. Dean feels concern wash over him again as his eyes look over Castiel’s body. “What the fuck were you thinking?” He snaps at the angel as his eyes narrow.
“This…” Castiel says, pulling Dean away from the counter and pushing him into the bathroom, closing the door behind the two of them. Castiel turns Dean, pressing him against the closed door. Castiel presses his lips to Dean’s, savoring the masculine scent of mahogany and whiskey. Pulling back for a moment, he breathes into Dean’s mouth. “It’s been so hard keeping how I’ve felt about you inside. All of these years… watching you from afar, but not acting on this… I’ve needed something more.” He presses his lips to Dean’s again, kissing him hungrily.
Dean sits on the edge of the bed, grabbing a towel. He begins cleaning Castiel. Dean looks over Castiel’s body, now seemingly healed. He rubs his hand over his hair, meeting Castiel’s eyes. “What just happened? Are you okay, Cas?” His eyes are full of concern.
Blinking himself out of his thoughts, he shakes his head a bit. Castiel was pure sex, and Dean was in way over his fucking head. “I’d hate for you to cook on my account. We could just order in if you’d like,” he offers.
“Yes, Dean. You are,” Castiel mumbles, licking his fingers. He reaches up, gripping Dean’s neck and pulling him against his chest. Castiel reaches back, trailing his fingers down between Dean’s sweet cleft, teasing his hole. Slowly, he fits his wet fingers into Dean, biting the man’s lower lip. “Looks like I got into you before you could get into me…” Castiel says, smiling and deepens his fingers, pulling Dean up his body. “Fuck my mouth, Dean,” Castiel demands.
Dean’s eyes widen, looking around the room seeing the state of chaos it is still in. Leaning down, he grabs a book close to him before setting it on the table. He rubs the back of his neck and shrugs. “Like I said, we had some things to work through,” Dean says simply. “What’s so different about these vamps? Cas mentioned one maybe being an alpha, but we’ve dealt with that before,” he replies, crossing his arms over his chest, hoping to change the subject.
Quickly turning, Dean looks his brother in the eye. “Sam, I can already feel the change, feel the need. I have to get away from you before I do something I know I’ll regret later. Just go on with your life and forget about me.” With those parting words, Dean is out the door, moving faster than Sam’s eyes can follow, leaving the keys to the Impala on the motel table.
“Hey, my name is…” She begins. Dean turns to her, placing a finger over her lips to silence the next words from her mouth.
“Cas, can you afford to do this? It’s not like it comes back instantly… it will take time to regenerate.” Dean counters.
“It has?!” Sam leans across the table, his excitement tangible. “You have to tell me, Cas,” he begs the angel for more details.
The light from Castiel’s body finally fades, his skin becoming cooler to touch. His breathing is labored, and he looks around the room, his mind and vision finally clear. Feeling the stickiness upon his skin, he stares at Dean standing next to the bed.
Dean wraps his lips around the glistening tip and moans at the taste of Castiel as his index finger goes back to work. He sucks gently as his finger makes a few more soft, lazy circles before dipping the pad of his finger in.
Dean cringes, listening to Castiel cry. “Hey, I know you don’t sleep, but maybe just laying down could help. I’ll, you know, stay down here and keep the fire going so we don’t get cold. Although, to be honest, there is a lot of room on this couch. If you’d rather not be alone,” Dean’s voice is even, but he tries for a comforting tone, hoping to talk the angel into joining him. Dean knows that he can’t help him unless Castiel wants help, and Dean doesn’t want to further the risk of pushing him away.
“I… I…” Dean stammers, caught off guard, but only for a moment as his rage flames more. “I trust you, Cas. Chuck knows I trust you. I just want ....” Dean turns away, a sob breaking from him. “I want you to love me, Cas. Only me,” Dean whispers.
“I mean, is Cas any good? I’ve never had a relationship with an angel, and there doesn’t seem to be any lore about the whole situation. So, yeah, for scholarly reasons, I’d like some details. If you wouldn’t mind, I did almost die after getting captured since the two of you decided not to tell me you needed some… uh, playtime.” Sam snickers.
Dean holds his breath, closing his eyes as the wind in the room whispers against his naked flesh. As the vampire blood runs through his veins, making each draft feel like fingers trailing along his body. He tries to think of anything to make his body calm down, but it’s too late as his nipples peak, and he comes to attention once again.
Showing quickly, Castiel exits the shower, his hair dripping, and it wraps it up in the towel. He steps into the boxers, stretching the band a little. "We're not quite the same size, Dean," Castiel whispers to himself. He pulls the shirt over his head and shimmies the sweats up his legs. Luckily, the pants are a bit larger, and they hang a little off his supple hips. "I think he'll have to retrieve these off of me if he wants them back," Castiel teases his reflection. He pads out of the bathroom and tosses a quick text to Samantha to pick him up at the hospital. He also tucks Dean's phone number into the overnight bag and takes a seat in the chair in his room. About forty-five minutes go by, and Samantha has him loaded up in her car.
Castiel returns a moment later, eyes on Dean at the door. “Here they are. I think I’d lose, well, everything if it wasn’t attached. You ready?” Castiel tilts his head, nodding at the door.
Dean nods to his brother in understanding, blinking away more tears as he heard his footsteps heading in the opposite direction. He shifts his weight pulling his angel’s limp body into his arms, hugging him tightly. “Cas, I need you to come back to me…I need
“Dean, slow, baby. Don’t choke yourself,” Castiel warns, his voice strained. “You have time to try again. You’re so good for me,” he whimpers and fucks himself on Dean’s finger.
Castiel moves warily towards the couch and flips part of the carpet over with his foot. Arcane symbols and part of the arc of a red circle are visible.
“I don’t know,” Castiel squeezes out, “just, started,” he starts to feel his lungs burn, and he takes even more shallow breaths. “Please, hurry. It’s starting to hurt,” Castiel begs, laying his face to the cold cement. The phone falls out of his hand, the voice lost to the abyss that engulfs him. Darkness takes over, and Castiel passes out, trapped between fire and a blocked door.
Castiel grabs Dean’s wrist, pulling him back onto the bed, and sets him on his lap. Opening the drawer, he offers the lube back to Dean. “You weren’t finished,” he looks at the other man with half-lidded eyes. “I want you to release inside of me. I want you back inside me, Dean,” Castiel whispers the last, pulling Dean’s shirt up and licking a line up his chest. Castiel feels himself stir, getting harder because of the handsome man straddling him again.
“Ask me if I care after I get you out of here,” Dean looks into the angel’s face, concern written all over his own. He backs the two of them out of the bathroom, cringing as he steps on a couple of shards of glass. Dean carries Cas over to the couch, a blood trail on the floor from his cut foot. Dean sits down, placing Cas in his lap. Dean begins to look over the angel for damage. “What happened in there?” He asks softly, his heart hammering in his chest.
Castiel can’t help but smile at Dean’s reaction. For the first time in months, he finally feels like he’s in control, and it feels incredible. He lowers his hands to the middle of the man’s back, his hands flat and massaging deep in his muscle. If only because of the logistics of the whole affair, the distance between them closes. He can feel minuscule water droplets land on his face as they rebound from Dean’s body. He lowers his hands to the small of his back. His hands are not washing anymore; they’re caressing. Castiel resists the desire to rub his erection against Dean’s buttcheeks. Some propriety is required of the washerman, after all. Except maybe too much propriety is overrated. His hands move to Dean’s waist. He leaves them there. No need to rush. This storm is heaven-sent. He leans. His lips are so close to Dean’s nape that he can feel the small hairs standing to attention. His heart is racing. He takes a deep breath. Closes his eyes.
“Yet I will embrace the pain willingly because this time we get together is more important than anything in the world.”
“Dispatch confirmed one person in the store. Fire seems to be growing pretty quick. They got some other calls about it, too.” Garth informs them.
Dean smirks at Castiel, his eyes silently begging the man before him. “I think I’m capable of meeting your demands,” he winks at the man as he nears the door. “Talk to you soon, Sweetheart,” he nods, slipping out in the hallway and leans against the nearest wall to brace himself. It was safe to say, Dean Winchester was royally screwed.
Dean narrows his eyes as he hears Castiel’s words and shakes his head. “And you think it would have been
“Ow, are you alright, Cas?” Dean asks quickly, standing still, waiting for Castiel’s touch, holding his breath.
Dean shakes his head, picking up his utensils. “Nothing,” he says, cutting off a piece of his steak. “I just like you,” Dean says, biting off the chunk of meat. He licks the extra juice off his lips, enjoying the flavor.
“You think it’s funny?” Spits Castiel, his silhouette dark against the flames. “When have you ever been mean to me? I don’t know, Dean, maybe for the last few months as you did your best to keep me off all the cases! Even the ones I had found! I got my grace back, I’m not dying!”
If he can manage to calm down, he’ll hopefully make his way through this evening and not make a complete ass of himself. He takes a deep breath to calm his nerves, and before he knows it, he’s pulling back into Castiel’s driveway. He quickly grabs the bags in one hand and the beer with the other, makes his way back up the porch and knocks on the door with his knuckles.
“Not a problem, Boss,” Samantha mumbles as she pulls away from the safe and closes it. “Try not to stay too late. I know you have a lot to do, but don’t forget to sleep.” She grabs her purse from the hook and heads out the door.
“How?” Dean repeats, furrowing his brows. “What do you mean?” He shoots, picking up his glass and trying out the new wine.
Dean lets out a breath he didn’t know he was holding at the sound of Castiel’s request. He immediately gets up from his place on the couch, swiping the blanket and dragging it with him over to his crying angel. “It would be my pleasure, Cas,” Dean sidles up next to the other man, his back to the cabinet, mirroring him. He puts the blanket over the front of both of them. “You can rest now Cas, I’m here, and I’m not going anywhere,” Dean croons.
“We’re not done here.” Castiel smiles at Dean, their cocks rubbing against each other, both of them weeping and throbbing. Castiel reaches down, gripping them together, spreading the moisture, and Dean groans at the pressure from his hand. “I’ve been waiting to take you like this for so long. To share myself with you.” Castiel takes his fingers into his mouth, coating them with his slick saliva, and his hand disappears between Dean’s cheeks.
Dean stands up suddenly, glaring at Castiel. He stares him down for a moment. Dean shakes his head as he bites his lip, still smirking, then clears his throat. “Fuck you,” Dean says before turning, bumping shoulders with Castiel. Snatching his coat and keys up from the bed, Dean walks toward the door to the motel room, slamming it behind him.
Samantha’s jaw drops as she watches Dean walk over to the car. “Is that yours?” She yells after him.
Sam walks over to the book covered table, sitting down and opening his laptop. He eyes the two men in the other room and attempts to give them the illusion of privacy. He pops in his headphones, turning the volume up on the computer while he looks up more information about the vampire nest.
Rolling over, Castiel groans, his coat disintegrated, shirt ripped, and ears bleeding. The wall he flew through, absolutely destroyed. He stands, looking around the room he finds himself in. There are what appear to be prison cells and a shocked Sam standing in one of them. Castiel slowly makes his way over as his body painfully repairs itself. “It’s good to see you, Sam,” Castiel mumbles.
Castiel squats down in the shower to pick up the fallen container and jerks slightly when he hears Dean’s voice so close to the door. “Yeah, Dean. I’m fine, just dropped the soap,” Castiel chokes back a laugh. “Feel like helping me pick it up?” He teases.
Dean’s eyes widen, and his blush comes back with a vengeance. He blinks a few times, clearing his throat, and shakes his head with a smirk, trying to be more confident than he felt. “Nah, only in my dreams,” he chuckles.
Castiel closes the distance, taking Dean’s chin in hand, searching his eyes. “I’ve always been one of the most powerful beings, third to God and his archangels. I lead armies, and I have amassed my own strength. Being around you, though,” Castiel leans in, lips close to the other man’s, “I feel powerless, tempted. I want to lose myself in you and care for you in ways only I can provide.” Castiel pushes his power into Dean again, making him cry out, the crystalline fluid seeping down.
Castiel looks at the motel door, then down to the ground. Guilt rips through him, making him shudder in the cold of the early morning. “I’m sorry, Dean. I didn’t mean to put Sam in danger and anger you,” he whispers into the dark. Then with the soft sounds of fluttering wings, he disappears.
Dean nods and smiles. “It’s a really nice place, I’m excited to try the food,” he says, his eyes wandering around before meeting Castiel’s again. He furrows his brow. “Wait, you’ve never been here with someone else?” He asks.
Dean swallows hard, watching Castiel. He steps closer and reaches out, running a hand through the dark, silky strands. “You sure? You don’t have to,” he says softly.
“You did it, brother. You got him out.” Benny gives his shoulder a light squeeze, barely noticeable though the heavy gear, and Dean just hopes that’s enough.
“I assume Crowley,” Castiel says the name like it has a bad taste, “meant that he’s heard this line or variations of it countless times in Hell. Or maybe from wayward angels. The fact that you chose to understand it as my own utterance is beyond my understanding. How, pray tell, would Crowley even have heard me say this. In what context?”
Castiel smirks at Dean, talking about his “girl.” He pops the next piece of sushi in his mouth, thinking about what really fills his time. After he’s finished chewing, Castiel clears his throat. “I run when I’m not overseeing the store, that is. I only have Samantha working at the store, and I fill in all the additional time. Before the fire, I was getting ready to hire someone else,” he drops his voice, the idea of everything just gone, striking a nerve.
Heat is the first thing that registers as Dean’s mind starts to come to. His eyes blink open as he takes in his surroundings, definitely not home. He glances down at the source of the warmth, and a smile creeps across his lips. This is only the second time he’s woken up next to (or
Castiel’s body tenses. Whatever that look was, it can’t be good. Pain as intense as the desire he felt earlier overcomes him. He resists the urge to walk after Dean.
Castiel ignores Dean and gets out of the car, slamming the door. Hard. He’s still upset at the man and only agreed to join him on this rescue mission because Sam might be in danger.  Dean tried to make light conversation but gave up after the first hour.  Yet the angel’s mood is as foul, if not fouler, as when they left the bunker.  He looks up at the cabin in the rapidly dimming light of the late afternoon: no lights on, no smoke coming out of the chimney.  But most importantly, no fresh footsteps in the snow.  If Sam was here, he left a while ago.
Shrugging, Dean starts sweeping the room. He looks up when Sam asks about Castiel. “I thought he was. Cas might just be checking something out,” Dean offers before turning his attention back to cleaning the mess. Dean tries to busy his thoughts away from the very same questions Sam had just asked.
“It’s fine, Dean. Please go fetch the food,” Castiel grumps. He strains his eyes, trying to spot the broken pieces of ceramic that obviously shattered everywhere. “What the hell was I doing last night?” Castiel muses, picking up parts of the cup. He tosses each piece into the trash and grabs the larger pieces out of the sink. Castiel dumps the drain catch next, then runs the water. Using the sink sprayer, he wets the surface, then wipes it with the kitchen cloth. “I’m a fucking mess,” Castiel growls at himself as his hands start to shake slightly.
Groaning at the assault of multiple sensations, Dean begins thrusting himself into Castiel’s hand, meeting his pace. Tilting his body slightly, Dean brings a hand to Castiel’s face, pulling it to his as he begins kissing him with desperation. Dean moans into Castiel’s mouth, slowing his thrusts, wanting to savor the sensation. Slipping his hand under Castiel’s trench coat, he pulls their bodies closer together. Dean places a hand on the small of Castiel’s back as he parts Castiel’s lips with his tongue. The smell and taste of mint invade his senses as Dean feels himself harden with each pump into the angel’s hand.
“A long time coming?” Castiel cocks a brow, holding onto Dean, steadying him. “Would you like a shower, Dean? I can help you get clean, and you can sleep afterward,” Castiel says in a soothing voice. He also notices the torn clothes all over the floor. “I’ll be sure to replace the clothes I’ve obliterated.” He smiles at the discarded clothes, then back to Dean.
“Oh Cas,” Dean breathes the words, his voice breaking and full of some rich emotion. Dean dares not to turn around, afraid that all of this is just a dream. Biting his lip, he reaches for the bottle of soap, passing it back over his shoulder, waiting for it to be just his imagination being cruel. “If you could be so kind,” Dean says, his heart hammering in his chest, as he closes his eyes.
Dean feels himself redden and nods, watching the host walk away before glancing up at Castiel with a smile. “You know your stuff, huh?” He says, looking down at the table, his eyes narrowing slightly at the chopsticks.
Castiel shakes his head, silently digging into his food. “Thank you,” he finally murmurs. “So what would you like to do after the meal?”
“It’s better if you don’t come. Dean, well, he drank human blood, Sam. There isn’t anything that you’ll be able to do to save him. I’ve already tried one thing, but it didn’t turn out how I expected. I’m going to have to try a different tactic, and I don’t want you to stop me.” Castiel explains, knowing that if Sam showed up, he’d make him stop. What Castiel needs to do next will not be humane, and it could hurt both of them terribly. “I’m hanging up now.” Castiel shuts the phone off, leaving Sam to sputter on the other end.
“Promise me. Promise me you will take me along again. I will go mad if I have to stay alone in the bunker.” His voice cracks.
“THREE TIMES, Cas?!?! What the hell!? In a row? No wonder I’m so tired, that’s a new record, even for me.” Dean tries to lighten the mood as he knows the other shoe is going to drop.
“I live alone, Dean. Who else would cook for me? Do you know how expensive it is to eat out every night?” Castiel says, watching over the food. He lifts the lid and pokes at the colorful vegetables, then dumps in the onions. Adding a little salt to the whole collection, he turns the heat down, letting it simmer for a bit, turning his attention to Dean.
Blushing slightly, Castiel wanders past the dining room and disappears into the kitchen. “Oh, uh, thank you,” he mutters while opening the refrigerator. Pulling out two beers, he crosses the room and grabs the bottle opener. He pops the tops and hands one to Dean and leans against the counter. “So, what made you want to get into your line of work?”
Dean drops his head. “Goddamnit,” he shakes the angel in his arms. “Why the hell do all of you have to be such bastards?!” He lets go of Castiel, walking away from him. Moving to the kitchen, he grips the side of the sink, trying to get a reign on his anger. Turning on the water, he cups his hands under and brings his face down, splashing it with the cool water.
“Yeah,” Dean smirks. “Sooner rather than later, I’m hoping,” he pulls his bottom lip between his teeth as his eyes flick over the length of Castiel’s body and find their way back to that intense blue.
“I’m sorry, Dean. I’m not giving you a choice here.” Castiel whispers, reaching up to touch his lover’s face. Dipping his voice lower, his words holding all the emotion and love he can for the man in front of him, “I love you, Dean Winchester.” With those last words, the angel disappears, the echo of his wings fluttering within the room.
Dean blinks a few times as he takes in Castiel’s request. He feels his cock twitch in curiosity, and he shifts in his seat as he considers the condition. Dean looks up to Castiel with wide eyes. “I haven’t… I’ve never done something like this,” he admits with a soft sigh. He worries at his bottom lip and rubs the back of his neck. Dean takes a deep breath, looking Castiel in the eye. “Okay, full disclosure. I’m bisexual, but I’ve never actually been with another man,” he nods.
“Damn, Cas, now is not the time to scare me. Enough with the doom and gloom, let’s dance.” Dean winks at Castiel, a grin on his face.
“Like hell you are,” Dean says, getting up from the table before walking to Castiel and closing the distance between them. “I don’t know where this bull shit is coming from, but it’s not happening.” He sighs, lifting his hands to Castiel’s cheeks, wiping the wetness from Castiel’s face with his thumbs. “Cas, I have made
“Thanks for the food, Dean.” Aaron greets him as he comes from the direction of the dorm. Aaron takes a seat at the table, and he bites into his breakfast. Dean nods and smiles back at him as he finishes putting the last plate away.
Dean raises his eyebrows challenging his younger brother. “And you might not like the answers,” he chuckles as he empties his glass of whiskey into his mouth. Dean swallows hard, setting the glass on the table firmly. He pushes himself away from the table, getting to his feet. “I’m gonna go grab some beers. Want one?” He asks.
Gripping Dean’s legs to keep him steady, Castiel searches his lover’s face. “Do you not want to do this?” He rubs little circles into the hardness under his fingers. Castiel tilts his head back, readying himself just in case.
“Dean, why are you acting like there could be anyone else for you? You don’t think I don’t see you and Cas eye-fucking each other every chance you get. I’ve caught you calling out for him in your sleep, Dean. Also, he’s not exactly subtle about his own feelings for you. He just didn’t know how to approach you with them. So is that what happened when I was sent away? Did he finally approach you?” Sam asks, a grin plastered on his face.
Next is the clothes. Something comfortable and loose. Most of the clothes Dean has will probably be semi-loose on the guy, he thinks to himself. Castiel’s employee was right in saying they were about the same size, but from what Dean had noticed, Castiel was leaner with a lithe runner's build. He shakes his head, clearing his thoughts, as he picks out a pair of soft grey sweats and an older, soft AC/DC t-shirt and tosses them in the back with a pair of fresh boxers and socks. Dean bites his lip before wetting them. Now or never, Winchester. He thinks to himself as he zips the bag up and grabs his things, mentally preparing for the range of possibilities awaiting him at the hospital.
Dean’s brow furrows, and looks at the kid in confusion. “Huh, this isn’t...how?” He questions. This was the furthest thing from a date, right?
“I’m still trying to figure out what this feeling is,” Castiel says, closing the distance between them. “It’s such a strong emotion, and truthfully, it scares me sometimes. My heart races, and it hurts. Do you know what it’s called?” Castiel presses his hand to his chest, looking down at it, not realizing how close he is to Dean until he feels the brush of Dean’s pants against his own. Feeling the body warmth radiating from Dean fills Castiel with something. Still, he is unable to convey what he’s feeling at that moment. He looks to Dean, begging his friend to help him, a lost look in his blue eyes.
Dean nods, starting up the engine before quickly pulling out of the parking lot heading toward the area they had found Sam the night before. His eyes lock on the road in front of him as he grips the wheel firmly. “So you think they have a whole giant... lair underground?” He asks, glancing at Sam out of the corner of his eyes. “You said there were ten or eleven of them, right?”
“Before humans became more… civilized, one of the angels went to Earth while humans were still learning to become more human. This angel fell in love with one of the male species and laid with him. The human began to change over time. It evolved to take the angel’s power. Eventually, it was able to accept our seed, and together they produced a child. When God saw what had happened, he destroyed the pair and the offspring. He declared that angels could no longer produce life.”
Finding a bunch of healthy food and scoring on a pack of bacon, Dean smiles to himself. “There is a lot of health food here. Also, something that looks like lettuce. We have bacon, though,” Dean says merrily. The words’ whiteout’ finally dawn on him. “Wait, did you say whiteout? We have to find Sammy, I don’t have time for t. I,” he finishes, extremely agitated.
Dean nods slowly. “She also warned me about getting you too…excited,” he mentions. He licks his lips before swallowing hard and taking another step forward.
Dean sighs, rubbing his face as he sits on the edge of the bed. He looks up at Sam. “Okay, here’s the deal. I don’t have an answer that you’ll like or understand, Sam,” he pauses. “So for the last time, Stop. Asking. Questions,” Dean warns as his eyes narrow, challenging his brother.
“That ass deserves worship, love, and I would serve at the altar. I would prepare you so well. Open you slowly with my tongue and hands. Savor you like a fine wine. Then, when you’re begging so sweet for me, only then would I breach you. Hot and tight, I can just imagine it,” Castiel whispers, and he slips himself out of his pants, pressing his cock to the glass. Precum smears against the surface. “Do you see what you do to me, angel?”
“Dean, I’m going after them alone. I’ve found their base. I’ve heard enough between you and Sam,” Castiel looks down, “if I don’t make it, you’ll survive my death. You have Sam. Together you can get through anything. I made a mistake. I shouldn’t have shared that side of me with you. I was extremely selfish, and it blinded me. That is why I left and only you calling out to me brought me back. I’ll always come when you call, even if it hurts me,” Castiel whispers the words between them, a single tear falling from each eye. The angel blinks, more tears falling to the floor below.
Dean pushes his fingers in deeper, not wanting to deny the gorgeous man. He moans, grabbing Castiel’s cock at the base and bobbing his head up and down. The noises coming from Castiel cause him to moan softly as he feels his own cock leak into his boxer briefs.
“Oh, sorry, man. Just figured this was like the first ‘I’ll cook and have you over’ kinda date thing,” the guy chuckles. “I mean, you have dessert and this awesome beer, I just figured.”
“I...I…” Dean blinks, unable to tear his eyes away from the man. It’s as though Castiel is a magnet pulling him closer and closer as his feet seem to have a mind of their own. He wets his lips and can feel his breaths becoming more and more shallow.
Nodding, Castiel’s smile thins out, and he runs his tongue between them nervously. “I might take you up on that,” he half-lies, “can’t have him in a bad mood, now can we?”
“Anytime,” Dean calls back with a smirk. He finishes his own meal, cleans up the mess on the table, and fumbles around the kitchen before finally finding the garbage can. His eyes narrow at the remains of what appears to be a ceramic coffee mug. He lets out a soft sigh to himself and tosses the breakfast garbage away. He finds his way to the living room and locates the remote where Castiel said it would be, and powers on the device as he takes a seat on the couch. Flipping through the stations doesn’t seem to stop his mind from wandering to unbidden thoughts of the man in the other room.
“First, I would kiss those lips of yours. Get them so swollen,” Castiel breathes, taking a step closer to the shower. He places his hand against the warm glass, watching Dean as he pleasures himself.
“Castiel… that power….” Sam begins, but stops, stunned at the scene of a naked Dean sitting on a very naked Castiel. The blanket pooled in the men’s lap. “Tell me you two didn’t… just….” Sam blinks.
Letting out a breath once he has the space cleared, Dean pulls at the door a few moments before it lets up, and he’s able to open it slowly. Scanning the smoke-filled room, and see a figure lying in the middle of the small room. Dean rolls the man over and hooks his arms under his shoulders. Quickly, Dean pulls the man out of the room to the relative safety of the alley behind the building.
Dean glances up, glaring at Sam over Castiel’s shoulder. “Fuck you, Sam. For the hundredth time. I’m fine.” He pauses. “I told you specifically not to call him.” He glares back at Castiel as he tries to steady his breathing. “Really? That’s how you wanna play this?” Dean’s voice a low whisper as he can feel his hands curl into fists at his side, biting his bottom lip firmly.
Castiel stands on the small rug, his toes clenching and unclenching the threadbare fabric as Dean prattles on. He feels his resolve wavering. What if Dean really just means this as a joke, and he makes things weird between the two of them.
“Good,” Castiel says, using the scissors and slicing down the side, baring one leg. Surprise fills Castiel’s face, as he begins to look around for something frantically.
“Making coffee, getting ready to go buy a new phone,” Castiel looks through the glass storm door, seeing a mess inside his living room. “Did I get robbed?” He asks, reaching for the handle.
Dean’s eyes flicker shut again as a shaky breath escapes him. He eases his grip but picks the speed up as his hips thrust forward. “Ugh, you know,” he sighs. “It’s not fair that I’m the only naked one,” he mentions, arching a brow as he meets the heated blue gaze again.
“All of the signs point to Cas, Dean. The bodies smote or pulled apart, but I’ve never seen Cas fight like this before. I knew he could be ruthless, but he’s always been careful around us.” Sam looks around the room again, seeing a familiar shape covered in blood and pieces of flesh. He gasps, surprised to see the angel lying in a puddle of blood. A large gash in his head and bite marks all over the exposed skin of his upper body. Castiel’s shirt lays in tatters, soaked a deep crimson. “I think I found him,” Sam whispers, pointing towards the form. He is silent and still, afraid to move.
Dean moves to the fireplace, putting his hand over the cold logs. “Dammit, Sammy,” feeling the cold through his coat, Dean tosses some kindling on top and lights it with his lighter. The fire catches, and soon the logs are alight. “A little comfort doesn’t seem so bad right now. I’m sure Sam will be back soon,” he says to no one. Standing up straight, he takes in the little cabin, hoping there is some food, as his stomach starts to make noises of protest.
Dean’s eyes widen as he flips into firefighter mode. “Fuck..no,” he breathes as he struggles with his belt and pushes the car door open, sprinting up to the porch without closing it behind him. He drops to his knees beside Castiel and immediately checks for a pulse and takes in a deep breath when he feels one. He cups the man’s face with his hands and runs his thumb along his jaw with the grain of stubble. “Cas, come on. Wake up for me,” he pleads.
Biting down on his lip, Dean’s eyes flick over Castiel’s body. He takes in a deep breath as he meets the blue of the other man’s eyes again and feels himself take yet another step as though the man in front of him was a magnet. “Well, that does depend on
Sighing in frustration, Dean pulls himself to his feet from the table. “Can you just drop it, so we just focus on the case, Sam?” He pleads, unsure how to answer Sam’s questions, realizing how hypocritical the words sound when they pass over his lips. “These bastards took you and didn’t so much as touch you. Do you think they’re trying to create more vamps?” He inquires, walking over to Sam as he reaches out for the broom. “Here, I’ll take care of it. Get some shut-eye. We’re gonna need to be on this in a few hours,” Dean says as a seriousness washes over his face.
Dean nods, setting his cup down on the countertop before walking over to his bed and sitting down. “No, I’m fine. I just gotta remember to not drink so much before bed, and whatever you do... don’t call Cas.” Sighing, he runs a hand over his damp hair looking at the ground for a moment before looking back to Sam. “Now, would you please go get in the shower so we can get a move on?”
"I have never wanted anything more. Straddle my chest. Fuck me, please fuck me,” Castiel begs, slipping his hands behind Dean’s knees and pulling him closer.
“Um, I think he’s good now. He said he was feeling better. I think he got it out of his system.” Dean nods with a grin. “He should be down in a few.” Dean cocks an eyebrow bringing the glass to his mouth, emptying the amber liquid down his throat. “Speaking of appetites, I’m starving,” he leans back in his chair, putting his feet up on the table. “Can we order some pizza?”
“Oh...I uh, I mean, yeah, I’m having dinner with someone, but he isn’t… and we aren’t…” Dean trails off, not wanting to make himself sound any more stupid than he already feels. But his cursed blush gives him away as the kid grins at him.
His presence does not go unnoticed by a few females nearby. The women seem to size him up, then one brunette gathers the courage and approaches him.
Castiel’s eyes widen, and his nostrils flare. “Meet me in the bathroom in two minutes, right after they bring the next course. We won’t have a lot of time, but I don’t think I’ll need it,” Castiel says, then stands abruptly, headed for the restrooms.
It’s hours later when he finishes. Sure as shit, the cause of the fire was at the cash register. Samantha was right. He should have let her clean. The power bar shorted and caught the rolls of receipt tape on fire. That pop he heard must have been when the electrical failed. Castiel looks down at his notes. Feeling almost ready to take on the insurance company, he grabs another coffee, then opens his wallet as it’s brewing. The small paper with Dean’s number taunts him from between a couple of business cards. Dean’s handwriting is startling clean and easy to read.
Sam’s eyes go wide, his mouth making a perfect “o.” “I have no words…” Sam flounders for something to say, remembering the mess in the room and all of the damage. Sam shakes his head slowly. “So you’re the bottom, Dean?” Sam finally teases, winking.
“Right, Cas. Is it all coming back to you now?!” Dean crowds in more, not sure if it’s the need to be near the angel or his rage, making it impossible to get away. Dean’s mind and body are so at odds, it begins to muddle his thoughts.
Dean looks at the angel next to him. “I won’t doubt you anymore, Cas, this I can promise you. I’m so sorry I thought for even a second that I meant so little to you,” Dean rests his head back against the cupboard. The noises in the cabin lulling him to sleep. Light snores start coming from Dean, his body relaxed next to Castiel’s, his head falling down onto Castiel’s shoulder.
Castiel answers on the first ring. “Hello, Sam,” trying to disguise the excitement in his voice. He knew the younger Winchester would call for his help, and he knows that Dean would disapprove.
Castiel hears Dean’s footsteps as he goes up the stairs. His hands are gripping the sides of the sink so hard his knuckles are white. He stares at his reflection in the mirror, his blue eyes cold. He can’t recall the last time he’s felt so angry. Was Ishim right? Is getting involved with humans to err? Castiel thought his feelings were clear. He opened up to Dean like he never has to anyone, and this is how he’s been repaid. Maybe this is not an avenue worth pursuing.
The coffee maker sputters out the last couple of drops, and Castiel takes his place at the table again. Gathering his contracts and notes, Castiel dials the insurance company. Waiting for a claims agent takes almost a half hour. By the time someone is on the phone, Castiel can feel frustration already creeping in. Trying everything he can to stay calm, the two discuss the fire, what caused it, and Castiel supplies the report number to the company to get their own copy. A few more hours later, the agent thanks Castiel and tells him that they should have some information for him in a few weeks. He thanks the person, and after hanging up, he throws his notes across the room, yelling as he does. Castiel’s anger spikes and he leaves the kitchen, entering the living room, and grabs the bottle of whiskey from a day ago.
Crossing the field as quickly as he can, Dean reaches the car and gently lays Castiel’s body across the backseat of the Impala. He emerges, wiping his forehead with his arm, and shuts the door, not wanting to make eye contact with Sam. He turns quickly to the driver’s door, “Let’s go.” He says softly to Sam, feeling like all the life had been drained from his body. He opens the door and slides in, slamming the door shut.
“Well, that was eventful,” Castiel coughs, then coughs a little harder. He turns around and braces himself on the counter, taking deep breaths to push the air through his lungs and silence the coughing. It takes a moment, then he reaches under the counter for some glass cleaner and paper towel. Turning back to Dean, he raises the products. “Always come prepared,” Castiel laughs. “Get it?”
Sam’s voice causes Dean to jump slightly as he slips off the bed, falling onto his ass. He groans, reaching for the discarded towel, quickly wrapping it around himself again as he clears his throat. “Yeah, I’m good,” Dean yells back to Sam as he pulls himself to his feet. Dean locates his clothes quickly, pulls them on, and decides to ignore the angry bite mark on his hip. Dean tucks his still erect cock into the elastic waistband on his boxer briefs. Making his way back into the kitchenette, he grabs his cup of coffee and sits down at the table, rubbing his face with his hands.
Sam stares at his brother, seeing the bruises and bite marks riddling his body. “Dean, who marked you?” His jaw clenches, anger filling his eyes.
Sam sighs, looking at the door. He climbs into his bed, pulling the covers up. “Dean, you can talk to me about anything you want. I’ll always support you,” he whispers as his head hits the pillow. Sam closes his eyes, and sleep takes over.
“I’m sure. This place is so tidy, I would take a chance to eat my lunch on the floor,” Castiel chuckles, gesturing around him.
“What it doesn’t know, can’t hurt? Can it?” Castiel looks at Dean, his eyes darken for a moment. “Here, give me your buns. I’m gonna put my sausage in,” Castiel jokes, holding up a piece of meat.
To the right, lining the walls are more shackles and other kinds of bonding materials. Dean laughs to himself because it reminds him of some kinky sex dungeon. He must have had a fantastic night, especially trussed up like this.
“I don’t know how many times I’m going to have to apologize for my actions tonight, but know that I’m doing this because I care about you.” Castiel pushes in, closer to Dean, his face right in front of the other man’s. Placing his hands on either side of Dean’s face, he holds Dean’s head still, willing Dean, through force, not to fight against his hold. Castiel’s blue eyes fill Dean’s vision, and a tingling begins in his brain.
The server comes out, looking at the empty chair. “Is everything okay?” He places the new dishes down, clearing the empty ones.
“Not always, and I had to get to the laundromat. I ran out of clean ones.” Dean fires back, slightly embarrassed.
Castiel hears the door to the restroom open, and he looks under the door. He grips himself a little tighter, then looks at his watch. It’s been five minutes since he told Dean to join him in the bathroom. Assuming Dean lost his nerve, Castiel tucks himself away with a sigh and exits the stall. He smiles at the gentleman and washes his hands. Castiel leaves the room, then walks back to the table, looking at Dean. Sliding back into his seat, he takes up his glass of wine and empties it, setting the empty glass back on the table.
“Dean, I didn’t know what was happening. I can’t just stay put because Cas sent me away. You may think that you have to protect me, but I want to look after you, too. Especially because I feel no one else will,” Sam says, then winces as he thinks about how many times Castiel has put his life on the line to save Dean, to even save him. He owes the angel so much more than he gives. He shakes his head. “So these vampires, they are nothing like anything we’ve encountered before,” Sam adds, walking over to the table, seeing the books all over the floor. “Dean, really… what happened here?” He gestures to the empty table, bending down and putting the books and papers back on the table.
Driving back to the motel, both are silent in the car. The fighting doesn’t start until their motel room door closes behind them.
“Always,” Castiel moans, “I want to do this the right way.” Snaking his arms up Dean’s back, he grips his shoulders and pulls the man slowly down onto himself, growling as the tightness of Dean’s ass envelops his twitching member. “Oh
Dean’s eyebrows shoot up in curiosity. “No complaints about that plan,” he smirks. “Just need to figure out how to log it,” his smirk widens.
Castiel smiles, shaking his head as he bends over. He places his mouth onto Dean’s chest, then travels down slowly as he sinks to his knees. Castiel lets his teeth graze over the front of Dean’s jeans, and he absently reaches for the spilled beer, looking up at the sexy fireman. “It’s not a big deal,” Castiel groans, then sits back on his heels.
“As you wish. Now, are you ready to continue this?” He looks to the other man, a mask of seriousness falling over his face.
Unable to bear his searching eyes anymore, Castiel lets go of the sink with a roar and punches the mirror. Shards of glass rain down as it shatters.
You’re acting strange, Cas has disappeared, and I’m left wondering what the hell happened here when I was teleported out. How are we supposed to fight these things when we are fighting amongst ourselves? I just want to understand something, anything, Dean.” Sam pleads with him, the hurt he feels broadcasting clearly.
Samantha nods, pushing off the doorframe. “Lock door, no alarm. Got it,” She nods. “Sure you don’t want me to pick you up some coffee then?” She sighs, “Or once again a fucking brush, Castiel,” She laughs. “I know you own a sex toy shop, but your hair looks like you’ve been fucked sideways.” She shakes her head slightly, eyes darting between the screen and her boss.
“How considerate of you,” Castiel takes one of the bags and looks inside. He barks out a laugh. “Can you fit a whole one in your mouth Dean? Or you have to take it slow?” He challenges with a knowing smile. “As for cooking, it’s always more fun when you have someone to cook for,” he mumbles, his eyes slightly sad.
“Check if there is kale in the fridge; a sure proof your brother was here,” he says. He means it as a joke with there is no mirth in his voice.
“But Dean, I don’t. I’ve been asking you to tell me. I don’t understand the anger you have right now. Sam says you’ve been acting strange all morning.” Castiel follows Dean closer to the bed, effectively trapping Dean against the nightstand and the two beds. “Please, Dean… talk to me. I might be able to help,” Castiel begs.
“This is called bloodletting,” Castiel looks at Dean while picking up a scalpel. “This is extremely sharp. You might not even feel the cuts. Now that you’re a vampire, you can’t die if I bleed you out, only if I cut off your head. I will still try my best, especially because we don’t know exactly how to get this out of you. We don’t know how deep the transformation goes, and I’m hoping it’s only to the blood.”
“Dean, you’re dodging your brother’s questions. Are you ashamed of what we did?” Castiel sets the beers on the table in front of the brothers and takes a seat.
Castiel exits the car as smoothly as he entered and smiles at Dean. “Don’t worry. I have it all planned for us. They have reservations by order, and I picked a great meal set for us. It’ll let you experience a lot of what they have to offer, and we end on steak. I didn’t want to take the chance of you going hungry if you didn’t like the food,” Castiel grins, stepping around Dean. He waits for him at the curb, letting his gaze wander once more.
Castiel shifts under the blanket, a slight moan escapes from his lips. “There. Like that,” he mumbles. “Dean, use your tongue,” Castiel hisses.
Smiling to himself, Dean steps into the warm shower as he feels his heart swell slightly at his angel’s worry and protectiveness. “I think I can handle a shower, Cas,” he smirks to himself. “Unless you’re ready for round two already.” Closing his eyes, he sighs as the warm water soothes his sore muscles.
Castiel gets to his feet and goes to the kitchen. He rummages in the top drawer and quickly finds pliers, then walks back to Dean and crouches.
“Yes, I am in the building. I tried to leave out the back door, but it seems to be blocked by something,” Castiel says, his heart starting to race. He tries to clear his mind of the feeling of dread creeping in, but it’s becoming harder as the room begins to heat up unbearably.
Breathing hard, Castiel sits up, pulling Dean into his lap. His cock still inhumanly erect. “Cas, what!?” Dean says, surprised by the angel’s strength and sudden action.
Dean sighs, running his hands through his hair. Was he wrong? Maybe he should have never said anything. What the hell would an angel know about love anyway? They’ve all been bastards in the past, what’s one more to the pile? Still incredibly angry and his heart still stinging from the games Castiel is playing, Dean makes his way up to the loft, daring a glance at the bathroom. Dean lets out a shaky breath, forcing himself to drop the argument when all he wants to do is break down the bathroom door and show the proud angel how much he means to him.
“Then, oh Dean,” Castiel presses himself against the glass, wishing to be in the shower with the sexiest man in existence. “Then, I would show you how to suck dick. I would be so gentle, treat you so good. You deserve only the best, gorgeous,” Castiel praises. Spreading his fingers against the glass, he braces his legs apart and slips his hand inside of his pants.
Running down the burnt-out hallways, Sam scans the rooms as they pass them. Afraid to alert their presence, he keeps quiet, silently praying that they find Castiel alive and in one piece. Sam knows that it would destroy his brother to see the angel dead, but lately, Dean’s been showing a lot more emotion where Castiel is concerned. He wonders what’s happened between the two of them. If they live through this, he’ll get his answers. Rounding a corner at the end of the hallway, they enter a giant room, completely destroyed. “Dean,” Sam breathes.
The ride home seems shorter than the ride to the firehouse. Stepping into the kitchen from the garage, Castiel feels a headache already starting. Taking a deep breath, he makes a cup of coffee in his Keurig and brings it with him to the table as he reads over the report.
“I have been nothing if not loyal. Yet one word from this hellish fiend, and you turn on me. Is this the extent of your trust in me?”
Dean thinks silently to himself. Clearing his throat, he looks down at the table seeing the light scratch marks he had made earlier as visions of Castiel above him come flooding back to him. He casually slides a book over the marks before turning his attention back to Sam.
He grins a sleepy grin to himself as the coffee maker's sudden silence pulls his attention, and he grabs his steaming mug and makes his way towards the bathroom. He stops on the way to turn on his sound system and nods to himself as the tune of Led Zeppelin fills the space.
Dean opens his mouth to argue more before he starts up the stairs quickly and begins making his way across the field to the Impala. He looks up, seeing Sam already sitting in the car as he walks by and opens the trunk depositing the machete and syringe.
Dean’s lips seal over the cut, taking in the Grace and making Castiel shiver all over. A moan escapes from his mouth as he pushes the man’s head closer, tipping his own head back and leaning his body against Dean’s. The feeling is blissful and strangely erotic. Making Castiel instantly hard and wanting. He wraps his arms around Dean’s naked shoulders, holding him tight.
Dean moans as he feels the pressure nearing his peak, and seeing Castiel lose it has him spiraling over the edge. He comes violently with the man’s name on his lips as he milks himself, gripping onto the tile. Dean sighs, leaning back against the wall, his chest rising and falling as he tries to catch his breath. “Holy shit,” Dean murmurs.
Spreading his legs wider, Castiel looks down his body, watching Dean work. He props one leg on the table behind them, giving the other man more access. He breathes hard and stares.
“I see. You don’t have to say anymore. I wish you and this young man the best,” Castiel ducks his head.
Dean grins, watching Castiel, and almost forgets he’s supposed to be leaving again. He clears his throat and nods, pulling his keys out of his pocket, making his way out the door to the car. Once he’s in the car, he grips the wheel hard in relative privacy and lets out a breath. Get your shit together, he chides himself. Just because Castiel has him feeling like he’s going through puberty for the first time doesn’t mean he has to turn into whatever clumsy mess that was in the kitchen. He shakes his head at himself and puts the car in drive, heading to the store.
Castiel’s mind recalls the moment Dean left it for him. He wanted more than anything to just say fuck caution and go all-in with this man, but something in his mind told him that he should play it cool. He knows that Dean could be so much more to him if he would just let the man in, but the last time he let anyone in, his heart was eviscerated.
“I didn’t do anything.” Castiel raises his hands, “see?” Castiel’s eyes are wide. He looks over to the bowl of hot water. “Dean… I’m going to clean you now.”
“Oh yeah?” Dean grins back and wiggles his eyebrows a bit, feeling more and more at ease around Castiel. He wets his lips, wondering where the night was angling to take him.
Dean sighs, removing his jacket calmly and hanging it on the chair in the kitchenette before sitting down. He rubs his face with his hands before looking up at Sam. “Cas and I had something we needed to work through. I don’t know why he sent you away like that,” he glares at him. “Why would you leave the bunker once you got back there? That was stupid, Sam. You should have waited,” Dean says, trying to keep his voice level.
Dean rolls his eyes at the woman and lets out a sigh. “Fine. I’m gonna go home, take a nap, and shower. I’ll head up there after dinner,” Dean relents. He reddens slightly with the knowledge that Castiel was apparently ‘worked up,’ whatever that meant after he had seen Dean on the security cameras. He tries to play it off as he moves towards the Impala, pulling the keys out of his pocket.
“No problem,” Dean grins as he picks up the pen and starts writing down his contact information before sliding it back across the counter.
Smiling around Castiel’s cock, knowing he’s the one responsible for this, he continues his work. Teasing with his tongue and nipping with his teeth, Dean quickens the pace. Using his mouth and hand, soon he has Castiel panting, calling out his name again. In a short time, Castiel’s cock begins to get bigger, and the angel’s body begins to shake.
Dean chuckles and smiles brightly, shutting the car door. “You’re awesome,” he says, joining Castiel beaming slightly, feeling lucky just to be able for the chance to get to know the other man and to go on this date with him. He takes in a nervous breath and holds out his hand to Castiel, “Ready?” He cocks a brow.
Dropping the scissors on the table, Castiel takes Dean’s face in his hands, pressing their foreheads together. “I promise you. I will not fail in this. I will get you back.” Castiel’s gaze burns Dean’s, the tension between them so thick; a person could drown in it. Castiel caresses Dean’s dirty face. “Now, let me get you cleaned up.”
“Hey man, what you do, or watch, on your own time is your deal. No judgment, but I didn’t take you for a tentacle guy,” Aaron laughs, making his way back over to the table as Garth rejoins them, scrubbing a washcloth over his forehead.
“Dean, I know you’re in the shower, but if you could hurry it up, I’d like to get in there soon,” Sam says through the door, unaware of what was transpiring between the two men. He walks away from the door, making a cup of coffee, and sits at the table, picking up a book about vampires. Cracking it open, he reads the passages within, humming to himself as he does.
Dean turns and smirks, “Yep,” his smirk turns into a full-blown smile as he absentmindedly trails his fingers along the shiny hood. “She’s my pride and joy.”
“Cas, we can talk about this,” Dean tries to hide the anger starting within him. How dare Castiel betray him like this. How could he chain him in a room like this, knowing what he suffered in Hell? “Come out from wherever you’re hiding, and we can make this right together, I know we can.” Dean strains against the chains again, trying to spot Castiel within the room.
Sam catches the cap effortlessly, grinning at his brother’s shock. He leans in a little closer, looking suddenly serious. “So, are there any special angel techniques?” Sam’s eyes give away how curious he is about the subject.
Dean groans, and his eyes roll into the back of his head. His mouth falls slack as he pushes forward into the welcoming heat of Castiel’s mouth. “Fuck, that’s good, Cas,” he sighs.
Dean kneels next to Castiel, “Hey, buddy, what did I do wrong? You’ve been in a horrible mood since we left,” he searches the angel’s face for some answers.
Dean licks his lips, his pupils blown wide. “Both,” he says breathlessly as he closes the space between himself and the bed, his thighs brushing the blanket as his eyes flick down Castiel’s body.
Dean’s eyes dart up Castiel’s body, and he abides, pushing his finger slowly in as he takes more of the thick cock into his mouth. He wants to be able to take all of it, really
Castiel walks back into the room, pizza boxes and a brown bag in hand. “Pizza’s here. I guess you can call me the pizza man,” he grins, looking down at Dean.
Dean swallows down his bite hard and reaches for his beer to wash it down. He swallows down the gulp and meets Castiel’s eyes. “Name it.”
one who didn’t know that he felt that way about me?” He sighs, shaking his head, picking up his beer, taking a drink.
Not going to lie, I was stalling on this chapter. I wasn't ready to post it yet. I hope you can forgive me. Here is the last chapter, enjoy.
Slowly, Castiel moves his hands from Dean’s hair to rest them over the hands on his own face. He smiles, turning his face to the right and placing a kiss on the rough palm he finds there. Castiel’s eyes wander over the other man’s face, and he licks his lips as he reaches out, slipping his hand under Dean’s shirt.
“There seems to be a power around this group, something abnormally strong. Since the last time you and Sam ran into vampires, I don’t want to take any chances. I can’t lose you, Dean.” Castiel stops, his words catch in his throat as he realizes what he just said. He looks to the ground, then back to Dean, his eyes a little wide, wondering if Dean understands. Castiel secretly hopes it goes over the elder Winchester’s head, like most everything else.
“I don’t have anywhere else to be, Sweetheart,” Dean returns Castiel’s grin. “And I don’t mind cooking. The nurse said you need to rest, right?” He lifts a brow.
After a few moments, he pulls away, healing the cut, and watching the Grace go to work. The effects are immediate. Dean’s muscles bunch and strain as he fights against the working power. He growls, his fangs extended, and he pulls harder against the chains, the iron hooks bowing slightly. Dean’s green eyes are tinged with an ethereal blue glow that moves from his eyes and begins to spread throughout the rest of this body.
The paramedic takes all of the info as another takes the man’s vitals, and Dean helps lift the man on to the gurney. He watches intently as they lift the man back into the transport, and he lets out a deep breath, finally feeling himself relax, just slightly.
The vampires appeared out of nowhere, and Sam and Dean didn’t prepare to take on what seemed like the entire nest.
Dean’s jaw gapes, but he can’t bring himself to look away from the other man. He can’t remember the last time he’s seen something so erotic. He takes a shaky breath in and feels himself swell in his jeans as his eyes scan Castiel's form. “Castiel,” the man’s name slips involuntarily over his lips.
Dean rounds the corner to the back of the building, and he scans the area. Jesusfuck. Someone put a fucking dumpster in front of the shop’s fire exit. He barrels down the side of the building and crashes into the barrier with the side of his body. “Come on!” Dean yells as the obstruction gives way after a moment, and he starts to push it out of the way.
Dean, weak from the power put into him, and the exertion of pleasure, continues to hang in the cuffs. His whispered words almost lost to the hum of the room, “You’re going to be the death of me.”
“I want you to kiss me, maybe whatever this is… we can get it out of our systems and get on with curing me?” Dean posits, “You and I are … well, there is something.”
The server walks away with another smile. A man passes the table and heads in the direction of the restroom, disappearing behind the door.
Dean’s eyes narrow, following Sam across the room. He scoffs before chuckling nervously. “Yeah, I can research too. Jeez, Sam,” he says defensively before taking a drink of coffee.
Dean glances at the restaurant, pulling into a spot. It is easily the nicest restaurant he’s been to, which he expected with the dress code of sorts. He puts Baby into park and cuts the engine, grinning at Castiel, as he slips out of the driver’s seat and rushes over, pulling the passenger door open for him. “Don’t laugh at me if I don’t know what to order, okay?” He smirks.
Dean nods in agreement resting his elbows on the table in front of him. His eyes watch the door waiting for Castiel to follow them in. He glances back at Sam. “I know, Sam,” Dean rolls his eyes, “worried or not, you should have stayed put at the bunker until Cas brought you back here,” he sighs.
Dean sighs, eyeing the empty room. He leans back onto the mattress, eyes steady on the room’s ceiling. Was it another dream? Why could he still feel the warmth of Castiel’s hand on his throbbing cock?
Dean chuckles softly and looks down at their hands bashfully. “Of course I do,” he says softly, feeling slightly more at ease, having Castiel’s hand in his own as they start for the entrance of the building.
“That guy walked in right after the server left. I was trying to wait for him to leave,” Dean says softly, watching Castiel. He shifts in his seat slightly, clearing his throat.
Observing his brother, Dean narrows his eyes, “Good. Let’s get moving before he gets himself nearly blown up again.” He opens the door making his way to the Impala.
The stale air insults his nose, and he moves over to the closest window, opening it quickly. Castiel follows suit and opens the rest of the windows, the warm air flooding the house with instant freshness. He takes a deep breath but immediately regrets it as he starts coughing uncontrollably. "Okay," he pants after he recovers. "No deep breaths yet," Castiel shakes his head as he enters his bedroom. He feels incredibly tired after the coughing episode and drops onto his back on the bed. In a short time, he's dozing.
“Oh, Jesus, Dean,” Castiel gasps as he enters the steamy room. He leans against the counter, palming himself. “You are delectable, angel,” he huffs.
Castiel answers Dean’s smile with one of his own. “Is that right?” He leans forward in his chair, and the server comes out with the next dish of sushi. Castiel nods to the man, and the employee leaves. “This is a fatty salmon,” Castiel nods to the orange fish with white stripes. “It’s delicious. They topped it with shaved green onion and soy on the side for dipping. Only dip the fish, else it’ll overpower the taste,” Castiel explains and turns the piece of sushi over, lightly tapping the fish into the sauce. He brings the piece up to his mouth and places it on his tongue, then pulls it back, closing his lips over it. He chews slowly, savoring the food.
Dean’s moans become louder as he pushes himself to the back of Castiel’s throat, savoring the warmth of his mouth. His breath becomes more ragged, and he quickens his pace as sweat beads across his chest. Bearing down on the headboard, he looks down at Castiel. Their eyes meet, sending Dean over the edge. “
“I can assure you that I am fine, probably,” he huffs. “That’s the first time I’ve awoken on my porch,” Castiel says with finality.
Fuck. Dean sighs heavily, staring at the empty seat Castiel occupied not moments ago. That went just about the way he thought it would. Dean looks at the table and decides to make himself useful. He clears off the surface, putting their dishes in the dishwasher and gets rid of the empty bottles, tidying up the kitchen. Taking a seat, Dean buries his face in his hands, unsure of his next move. He could just go to sleep in the room he was offered, or could just leave and try to forget about the other man. Dean sits for a moment and runs through his options.
Dean came out as bisexual a few years ago, and he didn’t care who knew. Also, it had hardly been news to the few people close to him. However, there was one problem and one thing making him a little nervous about this sinfully magnetic man. Dean has never actually
Still nothing. Castiel looks around again, hoping he missed a nook or cranny, but this place is barely big enough for the toilet and the sink. He cracks open the door.
“Cas, I’m a damn vampire. Now, even one of Sam’s vampire cures can’t save me. I’ve already drunk human blood. You’d be a smart angel if you just turned around and left me alone.” Dean fires at Castiel, trying to scare him off.
“I see you haven’t resorted to watching porn. Your self-control is admirable,” Castiel starts, as he rounds the couch, sitting on the far end. “I need your help picking up my car, then I should be okay. I won’t keep you longer than necessary. I’m sure you are a busy man,” Castiel says, smiling at Dean.
Castiel’s eyes widen, and tears quickly fill them. They fall down his cheeks, and he quickly wipes them away. “He’s real?” He whispers.
of the answers, Dean? Your word.” Sam glares hard, waiting for an answer. His gaze goes red, his heart racing and his rage barely contained.
“No, I don’t. Sammy was supposed to be here. He said he needed help on a hunt, but he wouldn’t answer the phone, so we came out here to find out what’s up.” Dean nears Castiel, conflicted emotions raging in his eyes as he throws a look at the angel. He kneels down next to the circle.
…” He says in awe as he buries a hand in Castiel’s hair. “Always…” Dean breathes against Castiel’s lips. His eyes roll into the back of his head as he thrusts deeper into Castiel, running his thumb over his swollen, sensitive tip. “Soooooo goood,” he hisses through a clenched jaw.
“Well whatever it is, I hope it goes well, man. But, word of advice? Chill. You seem way tense, and if you
“Pizza will get here when it gets here. We have plenty of time. So, what were you frustrated with?” Sam’s eyebrows shoot up. “He couldn’t have done anything to you, Dean. He wasn’t even around us.”
Castiel thanks the doctor, and when he leaves, Castiel pulls the blanket back and swings his legs off the bed. It's only been a couple of days, but the constant bed rest made his legs feel like jelly. Castiel holds on to the side of the bed until he feels more stable. He opens the drawer in the small caddy next to his bed. Dean's clothes are in a bag, and Castiel can't help smiling to himself. He's a little shorter than the firefighter, but he is a bit thicker, if not leaner than Dean. Slinging the bag on top of the covers, he opens it and inspects the contents. A soft and well-worn AC/DC shirt, a pair of sweats, socks, and boxers. Castiel can't stop the laugh that escapes as he wanders into the bathroom.
Samantha rolls her eyes, making her way back on to the sales floor. Her eyes roll again, involuntary at the guy waiting by the counter. She’s seen the man in the shop a few times before and thinks the guy to be a typical pretty boy. Taking a deep breath, she plasters on her best customer service smile as she rounds the counter. “Hi. Welcome to the Pleasure Zone. Sorry for the wait. How can I help you?”
He nods at himself after making sure his hair is appropriately fixed with the right amount of product. Shit, the guy will need clothes his employee had told him. Was it going to be weird if Dean showed up with his own clothes for him? Would Castiel accept them, let alone wear them? He lets out a relenting sigh and pulls a small overnight bag out of the back of his closet.  Going back to the bathroom, Dean puts some unopened toiletries in. He’s sure the stuff he has on hand is better than anything the hospital has.
Dean takes a breath looking over at Castiel. “Yeah, me too,” he nods in agreement, turning the key in the ignition, making her roar to life.
“Cas? Where am I? Why…” his questioning stops as he shakes the chains. Dean is angry, his memory a little foggy, and he wants answers.
Dean smiles brightly, following Castiel into his house. “Yeah, craft beer sounds awesome,” he nods. “I was going to say this earlier, but you have a great place here,” he compliments with a grin.
“Thank you, Dean,” Castiel says, a bright smile gracing his face. The moment passes in an instant as reality sets in. “We have to stop delaying this.”
“I suppose this is as good an occasion as any, huh?” Castiel’s eyes dart to Dean’s plush lips, slick with beer. “I’m sorry, I don’t entertain often. I’m not sure what to do in this situation,” Castiel reveals, breathily.
Dean immediately turns on Castiel, his eyes conflicted. “Is it true?!” he crowds the angel in front of him, his hands gripping the sides of Castiel’s arms firmly, fingers biting in.
Dean sighs, walking back over to his dresser. “Um, not as intense. The worst it’s ever been for me was when I realized how badly I wanted...
“Sammy, called you here? What did he want?” Dean starts, “You know what, I’m not sure I want to know. I’m sure it can’t be anything good. It’s just damn unfortunate since he’s out of the office at the moment. Would you like to leave a message and piss off?” Dean says, getting more incensed.
Dean’s eyes widen, and he feels a little like a kid caught doing something he wasn’t supposed to be doing. He swallows hard, blinking a few times before letting out a breath and nodding to confirm the woman’s accusation. “Yeah,” he manages softly.
The host looks between the two men and smiles. “This way, please,” he winds through a couple of tables and sits them at a private table in a quiet part of the room. “Your server will be here soon. Have you been here before?”
Thinking hard, the water muffling the sounds around him, Castiel reasons that he needs to apologize. Making assumptions about another is what caused him to move out here in the first place, severing ties with everyone he knew. Surprised how clear-headed he feels, he turns the shower off and exits the bathroom. Changing into sweatpants and a soft grey t-shirt, Castiel leaves his room and heads back down the hallway. The guest room door is open, and Castiel sucks in a breath. “Dean?” He calls out, hearing the water running in the other shower. “I really need to apologize,” Castiel says, his voice louder than the water.
Castiel opens wide to accommodate the girth of his Winchester. He learns quickly how to regulate his breathing. Digging his fingers in deeper, now that he has a better angle, he searches for the particular spot to drive Dean wild with lust. He moans his own pleasure around his lover’s cock, rolling his eyes up to look at Dean.
Dean clears his throat, and he nods, wetting his lips. “Right. Sure thing,” he feels himself flush a bit. “Um, here,” Dean finds a scrap piece of paper on Castiel’s bedside table and pulls a pen out of his pockets, scribbling down his phone number quickly. “Let me know if you need anything,” he nods, taking a few steps, still unable to look away from Castiel.
Blue eyes flutter open, and he leans back, looking up at Dean. “Yes, but I want you inside of me,” he whispers and pushes his boxers off his hips and kicks them off.
, he silently chastises himself as he lets out a breath, making his way back to the couch. Why? Why was this man having such an effect on him? He sighs, running a hand over his hair.
Castiel eyes the man in front of him, the noises triggering his dick to come to attention. “You moan like that all the time?” Castiel inquires. “Or only when sharing the space with someone else?”
Castiel walks through the open doorway and stops, looking at Dean. “What are you doing? Where are your clothes?” He looks up at the ceiling, trying to avoid the man in the room.
Dean makes his way around Cas, trying not to bump into him or the island. He pulls the cupboard open and pulls down two plates, and sets them down. He runs his fingers over the marbled granite before turning and leaning back against the counter, looking around the space. “I think my microwave is going to be hurt that I was even in a kitchen this nice,” Dean grins.
and finds his way up to the floor and unit that Castiel's mischievous messenger told him he was on. Letting out a nervous breath as he approaches the nurse’s station on the floor, he taps his knuckles on the desk, smiling politely at the nurse, trying to play it cool.
was being ridiculous, right? Letting out a sigh, Dean grabs his toothbrush and toothpaste and starts brushing his teeth.
Dean squeezes his thighs together at the thought. He picks up his glass and takes a drink, and licks the extra off his lips. “I’ll take that bet,” he pants.
Castiel moans loud, his body opening for Dean automatically. “Dean, more, please,” he begs, his mouth dropping open as Castiel begins to pant. “I want it so bad.”
“Jesus Christ, Sammy,” Dean sighs, rubbing the back of his neck. “There’s this thing he did and just…” He trails off, making an explosion noise, punctuating it with his hands. A light blush creeps up his neck as he takes a drink of beer.
Dean worries his bottom lip in thought for a moment. “Does that include the Christmas issue of Busty Asian Beauties?”
Dean chuckles, shaking his head. “The guy probably has like a million questions.” He grunts, sitting up on the edge of the bed before getting up and grabbing their discarded pants off the floor. Dean hands the grey sweatpants to Castiel and steps into his pajama pants.
Once off, he throws the lot as far as he can.  He cradles his knees to his chest, facing the fire, his back to Dean.  He can hear him rummaging over the sound of the crackling fire.  He looks around.  The place isn’t exactly modern, but it’s cozy.  It could actually be nice in other circumstances…   He shakes his head, not willing to let his mind wander.  He needs to start a dialogue. His logical angel self knows that, but his more human side wants to simmer in anger and self-righteousness.  He clears his throat.
Castiel loses a sense of time for a moment. When he looks up again, twenty minutes have gone by. He gets up.
“No, seriously, Cas, you’re not going to find them because I’m not wearing any.” Dean blurts out, his face colored with a light blush.
Castiel licks his lips, then looks at the table. “Well, as you know, Lucifer created Jack… and in the time I’ve been alive, only human females have borne children. I have heard some rumors though,” Castiel’s eyes flutter over to Dean.
“You’re right, you’re right,” Dean relents. He stands up, making his way around the couch. Slowly, Dean makes his way back over to Castiel and stands in front of him. He places his hands over Castiel’s where they rest on his legs, threads his fingers between the angel’s. “Can we start over? Preferably at the part where we were confessing our true feelings for each other?” Dean holds his breath, waiting to see what kind of action Castiel will choose.
Sam looks at all the felled bodies. Many of them are nothing more than burnt husks. Some are missing heads, but the wounds are jagged like they were ripped off. One body is hanging from the rafters, limbs missing, the head is gone. “Who did all of this, Dean?”
“You are so entertaining! You, my dear, and worth every penny and every ounce of gold in this world. Thank you for helping me when I’ve needed it the most. You keep going above and beyond what I require of you. As for Dean, I suppose we will see where the cookie crumbles. Now, I have to get some more rest, according to the doctors. I will be ready for Dean when he arrives tonight,” Castiel reaches over and takes Samantha’s hand, giving it a little squeeze. “I will update you on how Operation Destiel unfolds,” Castiel laughs again, thankful for the oxygen rushing into his lungs and calming the need to cough furiously. He knows he will have to get his shit together. Castiel has a Dean Winchester to seduce.
Dean watches Castiel and nods in understanding, and follows his movements with his piece of fish. He pops it into his mouth and hums softly, enjoying the new dish. He swallows it down and licks the extra dipping sauce off his lips. “Damn, that’s good.”
Castiel feels the tears well in his eyes, wipes at them angrily, and sends off the text. He starts to stroke himself, but he doesn’t want to finish alone. He knows Dean has to work, but maybe he has a second for a phone call.
Castiel crowds up against the back of Dean, whispering low. “Have you ever bottomed, Dean? Other than when I blew you the other night?”
“Laying it on a bit thick here, huh?” Castiel grins and samples a bite of his steak. He chases it with a sip of wine.
“Oh, that makes sense. I’m sure it sucked, though, having to start over like that,” Dean says, taking a sip of his fresh glass. “But I’m glad it gave me a chance to meet you,” he smiles.
“Right,” Dean groans softly, releasing Castiel gently, licking his hand clean before sitting back and pulling off his T-shirt and giving both of them a quick wipe down. He tosses the shirt, pushes himself up, and quickly undoes his belt and jeans, letting them fall to the floor and kicking them aside. He fumbles with his boxers, then he’s standing in front of Castiel, nearly naked and painfully hard.
” Castiel yells, his chest painted with a soft blush and his cheeks a beautiful rose. “Dean,” he says, his voice but a whisper as his body shudders with pleasure. “More,” he begs. “Deeper,” Castiel whines.
“There is no way you were actually able to…” Just as Dean’s about to finish his sentence, Garth joins them, a smudged phallic shape plastered on his forehead. Dean's eyes widen as he holds down the bubble of laughter from coming up.
Before Dean can react, Castiel is pushing him back against the wall by his shoulders. Dean tries to push against the angel, but Castiel is too strong. “Holding out on me, huh, Cas,” Dean teases, resting against the wall.
“What do you mean, he’s going alone!? We have to stop him. Did he say anything about where he was going? How can we track him, Dean?” Sam speaks a mile a minute, crossing the room to stand by his brother. “He can’t take them all out. They’re too good for that. Although…” Sam thinks hard for a minute. “Cas can smite with the best of them,” he lets that thought hang between the two of them.
Dean laughs, getting a little more accustomed to Castiel’s humor. It still causes him to blush furiously, though, as he crosses the space to the island and grabs the package of buns, unties it holding it out to Castiel. “My buns,” he grins.
There’s a soft knock at the door, and it opens shortly after. “Mr. Novak. Oh. I didn’t realize you had a visitor. Hello, Mr. Novak is due for a breathing treatment, so I’m afraid I’m going to ask you to leave until tomorrow,” the nurse provides with a smile.
Dean takes off in a sprint around the building. No. No way this was going to happen on his first serious run.
Castiel takes the blade and cuts up the center of Dean’s right arm, then the left. The blood flows immediately, and Dean doesn’t seem to notice he was cut until he feels the warm liquid begin to drip down his body. Castiel makes two more long, quick cuts down Dean’s chest, making him hiss, as his fangs extend, the smell of blood causing him to fight against the chains again. This, in turn, makes the blood flow faster from the wounds.
Going to the bowl with the water, Castiel dips the cloth inside; the water still incredibly warm. Slowly, he pulls the table closer to Dean. Taking the rag out of the water, he gently rings it out, then places it on Dean’s shoulder. Dean lets out a sigh but doesn’t make a move. His body tightens with the touch, making his member bob slightly. Careful not to brush against it, Castiel continues to wipe away the blood and dirt.
Castiel stares into Dean’s green eyes, savoring the closeness between the two of them. Even with Dean as angry as he is, the warmth of his body calls to Castiel’s passion, and he has some difficulty hiding it. Luckily the younger Winchester is standing behind him. Castiel locks down his emotions after a moment. The glint in his eye returning to the dull, bored look that he likes to wear. “Anything for you,” Castiel says, the message all for Dean, though.
“It’s alright,” Dean grins. “I was wondering if you guys have any new release DVDs in stock,” he asks, leaning forward on the counter.
“You came along, and you were all kinds of wrong and difficult. And you stabbed me. And you made my task impossible. And eventually, I realized that what my father had entrusted me, what I had waited for eons, should not come to pass. I rebelled. I followed you, and in my folly, I betrayed you. And you forgave me. I made countless mistakes, but you were always there, no matter what.”
“I remember having this awesome hot dream about Taylor Swift, I mean like, mind-blowing.” Dean shares, shifting in the chains, he can feel the drying wetness on his pants. “Oh, and I guess other things too.” A blush creeps into his face as he meets Castiel’s eyes. “I’m uhhh, sorry that you have to see me like this, man. Now, if you could just let me out and let me get cleaned up. I’m exhausted for some reason.”
Dean's heart threatens to beat right out of his rib cage as they near the building and can see the black smoke billowing in the sky.  Someone’s inside. Someone that might be trapped, injured, or…
Dean moans, taking in some air through his nose. He slowly pushes more of his finger in and bends it a bit, searching for Castiel’s spot. He pulls up a bit, swirling his tongue around the swollen tip.
“Hey Dean, I’m up in the Ozarks. I was trailing that werewolf, and I’m holed in some cabin. I’m really gonna need your help on this one, I think. Call me when you get this, and I’ve sent the directions through the maps app,” Dean hangs up the phone, trying to call Sam’s phone again, but he doesn’t answer. “Damnit, Sammy. Where the hell are you?” He throws the Impala into park, looking at the cabin in front of them. Snow is softly falling, covering the hood of the car. Turning to Castiel, he cocks a brow, “You ready, amigo?”
Castiel gently touches Dean on the forehead. Focusing his energy, he heals Dean’s wounds. It lasts but a second, then Castiel yanks Dean’s right foot to inspect his work. Barely visible scars remain. He shakes his head and sighs.
A bright smile widens over Dean’s face. He walks quickly, pulling out another t-shirt and pair of pajama pants. He walks over to the bed, kissing Castiel’s on the lips softly. “I love you, Cas,” he sighs happily. “I’ll be right back.” Dean walks quickly out of his room down the hall to the weapons room, grabbing the key for the cuffs and returning within minutes. He makes his way to the bed unlocking Castiel’s ankles, freeing them. Dean sets the cuffs on his nightstand before reaching up and removing the cuffs from Castiel’s wrist. He grabs the bottle on the bed, tossing it back in the drawer. He leans in and presses his lips to Castiel’s before pulling away, sighing. “We should go talk to Sam…” Dean swallows. “He’s been waiting….”
“Now you see, I would be delighted to leave, but as much as it pains me to say it, your brother is not an idiot. I’m willing to bet Hell there is a devil’s trap under this ugly rug.
Dean nods in agreement as he pushes himself off the table, wincing slightly as it creaks under his weight. He grins, looking down at the clothes scattered on the floor, and chuckles. “You owe me a whole closet at this point.” He starts shuffling toward the bathroom, his gait a bit off. A growling stomach draws his attention as his hand rubs over it. “I’m starving. I need food after a shower,” his eyes widen briefly. “And..uh, Sam?” Dean raises his eyebrows.
“Thanks. See if EMS can get behind the building. I don't wanna move him too far if we don't have to.” Before Dean knows it, Garth’s gone, and Dean grabs the supplies and straps the non-rebreather oxygen mask over the man's mouth and nose. He checks the valve, turning the tank on, allowing oxygen to flow through the tubing. His eyes scan the man's face for any signs of responsiveness. “Come on. Stay with me.”
“I will try my best to never leave your side, Dean. For as long as you’ll have me,” Castiel promises, his sincerity reflected in his eyes. “Now, you mentioned something about Sam?” Castiel smiles a knowing grin, cocking one eyebrow.
Samantha smiles politely. “Depends on what you’re looking for. We just got the new Casa Erotica volume in last week.”
Sam appears behind the vampire, one fast movement, and the head goes rolling across the ground. Still, he knows it’s too late, and as Sam looks down at Dean and at the blood smeared across his face, his eyes fill with tears and his mind races with ways to save Dean from his fate.
Castiel’s hand shakes as he grabs the bottle, making sure not to drop anything this time. Goosebumps are forming on his body, and he would be hard-pressed to say if it’s from the cold or the exhilaration of this moment. He gives the bottle a sharp shake. The cap flips open with a loud snap. The cool, pinkish body gel pools in his upturned palm, then he thumps Dean’s shoulder with the bottle, passing it back.
probably put in all of Dean’s special orders himself, including his most recent one. He scrubs a hand over his face before moving into his bedroom to get dressed.
Dean smirks. “Oh, they’re in the bathroom,” he answers. He bites his lip and takes a breath. “I said that I’ve never been with a man, not that I didn’t
“Yes, do it,” Dean pants, his eyes going even wider with lust. He can feel his body start to tremble, ever so slightly, as he slows his thrust.
Dean’s jaw closes as he swallows hard. He opens wider and can feel himself heat up, not taking his eyes off Castiel’s.
The door explodes open, and Dean grabs up a blanket a moment before Sam sees the two men in the throes of passion.
“Great. Mr. Novak dines with us frequently, but this is the first time he’s brought anyone with him. We just want to make sure you both enjoy your meals,” the server smiles.
Dean changes quickly and makes his way over to the bed. A wave of exhaustion hits him as his head touches the pillow. He closes his eyes, falling asleep quickly before a blue-eyed angel invades his dreams.
“You bet your ass I did,” Dean grins, pushing up from the table. “Five stars, bitches.” Dean pumps his fist in the air as he grabs his bag and makes his way to the dorm, smirking at the chorus of his crew's laughter.
Castiel looks down his body at Dean. “Porn isn’t real, dear,” he says, his breath hitching but still managing to sound matter-of-fact. “You know what is? My real need for you to fuck my face with that monster,” Castiel growls as one last spurt of cum drizzles out and onto Dean’s hand.
I would like to update this more often, but currently, I am up for a promotion and have been a little focused on that. Hopefully, after the upcoming occupational move, I hope to have more time.
To say that Dean’s first meeting with the insanely gorgeous man he pulled from a burning building went the way he imagined it might be a complete and utter lie. There was no way he was expecting what happened between them to have actually happened. The amount of tension completely caught him off guard and knocked the breath out of him. He remembers Samantha telling Dean that her boss had been ‘worked up’ by him. Dean had caught Castiel’s attention through the security video. But Jesus hell, the man was right out of one of Dean’s wet dreams.
Dean moans, pulling out of Castiel as he backs off, rolling off the bed with a hard thud. He grunts as he gets to his feet, looking at Castiel with worried eyes, his breath erratic.
“Names don’t matter. How about you and I get out of here?” Dean suggests, winking at the woman. Unfortunately for her, the vampiric suggestion overpowers her, and she complies, taking Dean’s offered arm. The two of them leave the bar, and he leads her into the trees nearby.
Dean falls back with a huff seeing Castiel is nowhere to be found. He rolls over and grabs his phone off the nightstand seeing no missed calls as he grumbles, tossing it back on. With a sigh, he pushes the covers off him and finds his way over to the coffee maker.
Samantha scoffs as she turns on Dean. “Listen, my name is not important. I am just the messenger. Castiel is the name you must remember, like it’s the last word in the world, and you’re the last dictionary. He saw you place that order the other day. My boss was working in the back and happened to see you on the shoplifting camera. I have never seen him so worked up about someone before,” Samantha shakes her head, smiling to herself. “The two of you have to become friends,” she says. “Or something,” she adds under her breath.
Castiel sighs. The silent treatment has its limit, and the quicker they can get this over with, the quicker they can be back home.  He crouches down to get a closer look at the snow.  Flurries land on his dark hair.
Dean nods. “I do. That’s when my microwave and I took our relationship to the next level,” he grins softly. “Don’t get me wrong, I could whip something up, but I guess I’ve never experimented much,” he says, shifting his weight.
“I did? Didn’t I? Would you like me to pick up where I left off?” Castiel inquires, hands already skimming down his stomach and down to his thighs, the movement very apparent under the covers.
Dean’s eyes narrow as he studies the face staring back at him, confusion washing over his own before quickly turning to frustration and anger. Taking a few quick strides, he nearly closes the space between him and Castiel. He glares at him taking in some air. “You didn’t answer the question.” He pauses briefly. “What are you doing here, Cas?” His voice a low growl before he licks his lips, never breaking eye contact.
Castiel smiles again. “I don’t know which I like more, Cas or Sweetheart. Additionally, I would like to assure you I am completely sober. The only thing the doctors have administered to me have been some mild breathing treatments, but they are useless around you. Dean, you simply take my breath away,” Castiel supplies.
Castiel watches the man come apart and swallows quickly as his mouth begins to fill with semen. He tightens his lips so as not to spill a drop and bobs his head, pulling the last of Dean’s load from his slowly softening cock. He takes a moment savoring how Dean deflates in his mouth and keeps an eye on the angel above him for any signs of distress or regret.
Dean’s head continues to hang, his breathing deep and even. He appears to be sleeping, probably exhausted from the vampire fights, the conversion, and the powers used on him. Castiel is gentle as he approaches the man and uses sharp scissors to first cut into his black flannel shirt. Cutting away the clothes wakes Dean, who begins to fight against his restraints. Castiel takes the scissors, placing them next to the bowl of water.
Dean watches Castiel and furrows his brow. “It’s going to be even better when you open again,” he says, reaching out and placing his hand on top of Castiel’s. “Maybe I could try and run with you sometime, we have to have so many hours of physical fitness per month, and I have a hard time fitting them in sometimes,” he chuckles softly.
Dean’s entire body shudders as Castiel takes the soap. He stands in anticipation listening to the sounds behind him, his ears straining. He holds his breath then flinches as the angel passes back the soap. Taking it back, “Thanks,” Dean mumbles, feeling unsure of himself.
Castiel turns back to face the kitchen sink and rests his hands on the counter, leaning on them. He can see his distorted reflection in the window, and he looks down. The tears keep flowing, so Castiel rounds his shoulder and hangs his head. He feels so tired. It makes no sense since he doesn’t sleep. Could it be what Gabe used to call “emotional fatigue”? He bites his lower lip but not quickly enough to prevent a sob from escaping him. Castiel takes a deep breath through his mouth and pinches his lips. He wishes he could just disappear somewhere. The cabin suddenly feels claustrophobic; Castiel wipes his face again, angry at himself. This is all a disaster. He sniffles. He’s so tired. Slowly, avoiding all eye contact with Dean, he turns around and lets himself slide to the floor, his back against the cupboard. Castiel grabs a dishtowel hanging on one of the handles and buries his face in it.
Sam walks up behind his brother, looking down at the both of them. “Dean, we have to take him with us. We can’t leave him here. Here, let me,” Sam bends down, lightly grabbing Castiel’s arm, looking over at his brother. “Dean, can I carry him out?” Sam asks gently.
“Dean, again, I’m sorry to have you in a place like this.” Castiel’s voice echoes in the room. “I don’t know of a safer place to keep you than here. I also have to keep other people safe from you, too, until I find a way to heal you.”
Dean quickly pulls away and tries to steady his breathing, locking on to Castiel’s eyes. “Terrible, actually, because I was worried about you all night. You can’t just do that, Cas.” Dean sighs, walking back over to grab his coffee mug. “I still don’t know what you were thinking rushing down there without me.”
Dean stands, sighing. “When have I ever been mean to you, Cas?” He turns, looking at the angel in front of the fireplace. “You know, you, of all the people in the world, make me wish I could read minds. I would be all over yours, all the time, learning everything about you,” he chuckles to himself, softly.
Dean's heart hammers in his chest as the rig speeds down the road with Aaron at the wheel. He’s conscious of his leg bouncing up and down but can’t seem to stop it and can feel the adrenaline pumping through his veins. Looking down at the screen on the dash, Dean recognizes the address of the structure they’re going to, and his heart sinks. He blinks a few times to bring himself out of his thoughts as he watches the world fly by through the window and takes a deep breath.
“Cas, this is great and all, but what are you going to do when all my blood is gone? If I change back into a human, I’ll die of blood loss.” Dean says, trying to bring some logic to the situation.
Sam looks over at his towel-clad brother, cocking one eyebrow. “Good Morning. How’d you sleep?” Sam finishes his cup of coffee, setting it down next to his book.  Then he turns his body in the chair, giving Dean his attention.
Dean narrows his eyes, taking in the landscape around him as he turns. Gripping the wheel, swallowing hard, as he listens to Castiel’s explanation. Dean exhales deeply. “Look, Cas. I appreciate you sent Sam somewhere safe, and it’s not your fault he was trying to get back to the motel…” he trails off, pausing briefly. “But if anything happens to him because I was outside of my mind…” Dean sighs again. “I was such a dick to him,” he says, remorse heavy in his voice.
“If you’re up for another round, I am.” Castiel smiles brilliantly at the other man, winking at him.
Dean chuckles and smirks to himself as he watches Castiel. “I hope you like it. I wasn’t sure what to get,” he admits, taking a sip of coffee.
“Yeah, Boss, he’s real. You’ll never believe who it is. Dean Winchester. The perv with the tentacle porn,” Samantha giggles.
Dean touches the angel’s fingers with his own as he lets him dry his own hair. “Okay, Cas,” Dean walks over to the fire, stripping off his wet shirt, hanging it on the mantel. He puts his hands out to the fire then bends down to remove his boots and socks, also hanging his socks up. Dean stands in front of the fire, down to his wet jeans, his back to the angel. He continues to rub his hands together, getting them warmer. Enjoying the heat of the fire, he begins to hum ‘Stairway to Heaven’.
Castiel rouses from sleep, looking up at Dean. “Angel?” He whispers. Slowly, Castiel lifts his hands to cover Dean’s. “Why are you here?” He questions, his mind sluggishly coming back online.
Dean hesitantly pulls away from Castiel but leaves his hands on his shoulders, quickly blinking away his own tears. He smiles weakly as he meets Castiel’s eyes. “Come get lunch with Sam and me, and we can figure out how to take these sons-a-bitches down.” He pauses, narrowing his eyes slightly, “together.”
“What’s not supposed to happen?” Dean looks to Castiel, his eyes sad that he’s caused him so much pain.
“They didn’t look like they were out to make new vamps,” Sam hands over the broom, walking over to the bathroom. He pauses, then heads to his bag, grabbing out some clothes. “I’m gonna get cleaned up, then sleep sounds good.” Walking back to the bathroom, Sam pops his head out. “What’s taking Cas so long? Wasn’t he right behind you?”
“I… uh…” Castiel shakes his head, looking at the table filled with books, and clears his throat. “No… nothing… I just thought it would be a good idea to share this information with you. I know you can take care of yourself, but remember that Death will take you and keep you. I don’t want to lose you prematurely. I’d like to hunt with you as long as I can, Dean. You teach me what it’s like to be human, even if I’m not. I don’t want to forget what these feelings are like. They mean everything to me, just like you do.” Castiel finally admits, looking at the elder Winchester, dead in his emerald green eyes.
“Yes,” Dean breathes. “Yes, Cas,” a moan escapes his mouth, surprising him as he watches the other man. His hand also seems to have a mind of its own as his grip on Castiel’s hair tightens, ever so slightly.
“Is something wrong, Cas?” He notices the angel staring hard at him. Dean starts to feel a little self-conscious and crosses his arms across his chest, his muscles flexing and twitching slightly, his body painted by the soft glow of the fire behind him.
“I see. I assume it’s fair to assume that Moose didn’t plan for me to walk in on your Brokeback Mountain reenactment.”
Dean’s eyes widen at Castiel as his breath hitches, feeling the pressure of the angel’s body leaning to his own. His eyes darting to Sam quickly, seeing he was still sleeping before looking back at Castiel. “Uh...Cas… we uhm talked about this.” He swallows. “P... personal space,” Dean stutters before clearing his throat. He can feel himself blush as he feels himself stiffening between their bodies. Dean closes his eyes tightly, trying to steady his breath.
Straining an ear, Castiel listens for Dean to step away from the door. When he’s sure he’s alone, Castiel runs his hands over his chest and up to his shoulders, squeezing slightly. Castiel hums low then leans against the wall and trails his hands back down his body. Grinning to himself, he thinks about Dean out in the living space, and although he said he was going to get off. He didn’t mean it. Castiel hardly knew the man out there. It would be insulting to jerk off and not at least offer a romp in his bed first. With that thought, he washes quickly and shuts the water off. He knows that he’s wasted enough time teasing the sexy man who’s vowed his help. Castiel grabs the towel outside the shower door and wipes most of the water from his body. His hair still dripping, he exits the bathroom and pads silently back down to his room with the towel wrapped around his waist.
Samantha grimaces. “I would advise against that, sir. It may look clean on the surface, but the danger is what lies beneath. People track in a lot of nasty things, but if you’re sure, I’ll be happy to take an early day. Thank you,” she smiles again, looking at the sunshine beyond the storefront. “It’s a really nice day. Maybe I’ll go on a picnic,” Samantha walks around the counter, disappearing behind the door and emerging shortly after with her purse. She stands next to Castiel, a brow cocked. “You’re sure you don’t need help?”
“I DON’T FULLY UNDERSTAND IT MYSELF, SAM,” Dean snaps, the words coming harsher than he intends. He sighs, getting up walking over to his duffel bag before grabbing his clothing. Looking up at his brother with an apologetic look. “I’m just going to go to sleep,” he says softly as he crosses the room into the bathroom, shutting the door behind him.
“It’s been some time, so start slow with me, okay?” Castiel asks and pushes the coffee table away from the couch with his foot. He hands the lube to Dean. “How do you want me?”
Dean moans as he starts to thrust slowly, building up his speed. He buries his fingers in Castiel’s hair. “Goddamn, sweetheart,” his breath hitches. “Dunno how long I’m gonna last,” he sighs, looking down at the beautiful man.
“Dean,” he whispers, shivering at how good the man’s name sounds in his room. “Fuck, I want you so bad, beautiful,” Castiel groans. Pushing up into his grip, he sighs as the dryness takes away from the experience. It’s nothing like Dean would probably feel like, he assures himself. “God, I want you so bad, angel,” he moans again, his cock leaking. Castiel’s free hand grips at the comforter but then bumps into something hard, his phone.
It doesn’t take long, and Castiel finds out how to send a video call request. He taps Dean’s name and then the green video camera and waits, the viewfinder framing his naked chest perfectly.
He closes his eyes and tries to scan the area, but he is overcome by dizziness instead of the usual hum. He leans against one of the wooden posts supporting the loft. It seems as though the floor is caving under his feet. The walls warp around him. He shuts his eyes tight, riding the storm. He groans.
“Dean, a lot has been done this night, but it’s okay. Mostly. What else do you remember?” Castiel probes further, seeing if he remembers the power used on him earlier.
“I assure you, I can make it look a lot better,” Castiel baits, slipping his hands under the blanket once more.
Sam stands, going over to his duffle bag and grabbing out his clothes. He walks over to the bathroom, peaking out his head from the open door. “I’m serious Dean, if you need to talk or need anything at all, we’re here for you,” Sam pauses. “I’m always here for you, Dean.” With that, he disappears into the bathroom, the door shutting firmly behind him. After a minute, music starts playing, and the shower turns on.
Dumping the water into the sink, Castiel turns the hot water on. The grime and blood make its way down the drain, and Castiel just stares at the running water, his thoughts racing through his mind. His hands clenching tightly to the sink. How can he get the vampire blood clean? Rinsing the rag, he fills the bowl with hot water again. Thinking aloud, “The next part of the cleansing may make Dean a little uncomfortable, but I’ll do what I can for him, and we’ll see what happens.”
Dean’s eyes narrow, and he tilts his head slightly. “You still woke up on your porch,” he sighs. “Smoke inhalation can come with some pretty nasty after-effects like memory loss and fainting,” he counters. “You just got out of the hospital, and I offered to help if you need anything. I picked up breakfast on my way over, and I can give you a ride anywhere if you need one,” Dean offers.
Castiel wipes his face with the towel. He extends his arms, resting them on his knees. He can see Dean’s feet up on the living room table through the space between the legs of the kitchen chairs. Castiel sniffles. Dean’s tone feels distant, but Castiel realizes that this will go nowhere if they both stay their ground.
“In what ways do you like me, Dean?” Castiel asks, finally looking up. He stops moving his fork and knife and waits.
“None, Dean. Get whatever you want to put in your mouth tonight, I’ll have it all prepared for you,” Castiel teases with a glint in his eyes.
Castiel steps away from Dean, seemingly unfazed by the kiss, and lets go of Dean’s head. Dean sags in the chains, covered in sweat and his seed. His pants are a ruined mess. Castiel shakes his head.
The drive to the station is a pretty quick one, luckily. It gives Dean some time to pick up donuts for the crew if he feels like it, and today he does. He taps his thumb against the wheel of the Impala as he pulls into his typical place and puts his order in the drive-thru. Shortly after, Dean’s pulling into the station with treats for the guys, ready and eager to start his day.
Dean snorts, snapping his hand over his mouth in hopes that Garth doesn’t hear and looks back to Benny, who seems surprisingly collected. He shakes his head, pulling out his wallet, and holding a twenty-dollar bill out to Benny.
Dean chuckles.” You like cooking, I take it?” Dean asks, raising a brow. “I wasn’t sure what you had on hand, and I didn’t want to drink your stash, so I got some more beer, too,” he mentions, holding it up slightly.
“With that flavor, it feels like a sin to put anything but the peppers and onions with it,” Dean smiles. “Can I grab plates or anything?” He offers.
“It’s fine,” Castiel replies, shaking himself from whatever this is. He meets Dean at the table, a small smile across his lips. “Thank you for taking the time to check on me. I am fine, though. There is no need for you or Samantha to worry about me,” Castiel chuckles while reaching for a burrito.
Dean clears his throat and shakes his head. “No,” he manages to rasp, taking in a breath as he feels a tingle of excitement shoot up his spine.
Dean’s eyes widen momentarily before shaking his head as he bites his lip. “Fuck you, Sam,” he chuckles as he picks up his discarded beer cap on the table and tosses it across the table at Sam.
Dean blinks and takes a thoughtful sip as he considers the question. He smirks. “Can’t say that I do,” Dean clears his throat. “Do you call everyone ‘angel’?” he questions back.
Dean nods in agreement with a smile, excited to learn more about Castiel. “Sounds about right,” he says, just hoping anything he shares doesn’t make the other man think less of him. “Anything specific you want to know about?” He shoots, taking another sip.
“I don’t know Dean, I feel something different with these vampires. I can’t really tell you what it is, but I’m worried for you… and Sam, of course.” Castiel blushes a little at the intentional pause he left in that sentence. “If something were to happen to you or Sam, I wouldn’t be able to live with myself. So I’ve decided that I’m going with you.” Castiel nods towards Dean, trying really hard not to comment on the vibrating bed.
Dean studies Castiel’s face and smiles softly as he realizes how full the angel’s lips are, and he can feel his heart rate rise again as he watches Castiel lick them. It was as if he is seeing Cas for the first time. Dean inhales sharply at the warmth of Castiel’s hand as it makes contact with his skin, his eyes widen at Castiel’s words. Before he can reply, he groans softly at the sensations.
Castiel returns the smile, looking around the small area. “Hello. My name is Castiel Novak. I’m here to pick up the incident report for my case,” he supplies.
“Hmm?” Dean raises a brow and can feel his neck and face flush under Castiel’s gaze. He takes an involuntary step closer.
Pulling away from Castiel, Dean crosses his arms over his chest. “What the hell are you doing here, Crowley? Can’t you see that you interrupted a really great team-building moment,” Dean growls, irritated that the moment was ruined.
Samantha has to stop herself from rolling her eyes before looking back to the system. “It does, apparently,” she shoots the man a fake smile. “Anything else for you today?”
Thankful for the distraction, Dean sighs as he grabs his phone and swipes to answers. “Hello?” He says into the speaker.
Dean’s stomach starts doing flips the closer he gets to Castiel’s house and wonders what kind of place the guy has. How is it decorated? But before he knows it, he’s pulling up in front of a beautiful home with trees and flowers everywhere. He’s distracted by the colorful blooms a moment before noticing a familiar figure, in an all too familiar position, on the porch.
“I’ll get it ready for you, but I am not going first. You’re worse off than me,” Dean disappears into the bathroom. The sound of water fills the small space. He comes back out with a towel, coming up to stand behind the sitting Castiel. He puts the towel to the angel’s hair, massaging his hair and scalp. “Here, this should help a little bit.” Dean’s fingers are gentle but firm, trying to get as much water out of
Dean coughs slightly, trying not to laugh. He nods and grins, as much as he can, with food in his mouth, finishing off the piece. He chews thoughtfully, looking back up at Castiel.
Dean nods as he pulls into the motel’s parking lot, feeling too exhausted suddenly to argue with Sam. He parks quickly, putting the car in park leaving the engine running. “Okay. Make it quick.” He says softly as he exhales, leaning his head against the cold glass of the window.
Sam stammers, mouth agape. He looks at Dean, then back to Castiel. “I suppose I do have some more questions if you wouldn’t mind,” he tilts his head, his brows coming together.
Yet for that split second before Crowley showed up, he experienced bliss as he had never before. As if this had been his true purpose.
Dean grins, watching Castiel work, letting out a low chuckle. His eyes follow the other man’s fluid and precise movements, and he’s almost hypnotized. His eyes flutter closed at the aroma of the food already filling the space. “That smells amazing,” he comments.
“I would give anything to get Dean back, even my Grace.” Castiel mulls over the idea. He’s never shared this part of himself, willingly, with anyone. It’s only been taken from him. An unnamed feeling washes over him. Castiel feels unusually optimistic, the idea that his grace could save Dean.
Dean jumps as the door slams open, “Jesus Cas! Maybe a little warning next time?” He stares at the angel by the door. “Did you find anything?” Dean asks, digging around in the cupboards and finding them to be rather stocked. “Always leave it to Sammy to be prepared,” Dean says to himself in a low voice. He grabs a couple of cans of vegetables and raids the fridge for more goods.
“I do believe that would be frowned upon,” Dean laughs, twitching in his pants slightly. He grabs another piece of fish, dipping swiftly and pushing it between his lips.
Dean’s eyes close tightly as he absorbs Castiel’s words and affection, his hands settling on Castiel’s hips. He gives a light squeeze before pulling away with a sigh. Walking over to his nightstand, Dean opens it quickly. Pulling out his gun, Dean checks the chamber by pulling back on the slide. Clearing his throat, he stuffs it into his waistband against his lower back and re-conceals it with his shirt. Dean looks back to Castiel, his face hardening in determination. “How do we get him back?”
you…” He answers, his voice low. He slides his soaked pajama pants and boxers down around his ankles before kicking them aside. Reaching into a drawer, Dean pulls out a pair of black boxer briefs and slips them on before walking back over to the bed. He climbs onto the bed and straddles Castiel’s hips. Leaning down, he kisses Castiel softly before leaning his forehead against the angel’s. “I’m going to try and get you off... see if it helps you any.” He wets his lips. “Tell me what you want, Cas,” he pleads.
you! Okay!? We almost lost you, and no one wants that. I know you’re an angel of the Lord, the most badass one I know. It doesn’t mean I don’t worry about you. It doesn’t stop me from wanting to protect you.” The words are out faster than he can stop them, and Dean just stares at Castiel.
Feeling emboldened by Castiel’s noises, Dean bobs his head a little faster, wondering what it’ll feel like to have the beautiful man come down his throat. How hard could swallowing really be? He focuses on his breathing, flicking his eyes up Castiel’s body, watching his reactions.
Another chapter because I've fallen behind posting. This story was originally written Feb. 1st, 2019. I gasped when I noticed a very iconic scene from the show that we had written years prior.... Emjoy!
“I… I’m sorry, I’m not sure what has come over me either.” Castiel says, dipping the cloth into the water a few times, and wringing it again. “There is an aura around you, different than usual. I’m not sure if it the new vampire power or something else…”
Castiel climbs into the back seat, still scanning the area for vampires. Satisfied that there they are alone, he leans forward, “Dean, it’s safe to go.”
“That I’m not the first? Was everything you said to me a lie, Cas?” Dean turns from the sink quickly, stalking the room and standing in front of the angel again. “Was it a game? Did it feel good to touch me? To see what kind of reaction you could get out of me? Fuck,
She nods, taking the card and sliding a slip of paper and pen across the counter at the man. “Just need your info on this slip, and we’ll call you to let you know when you can come and pick the order up.”
“Better things than protecting you, Dean?” Castiel’s eyes narrow on Dean as he watches him move over to the kitchen. “Dean, are you okay? You’re moving a little strangely.” Castiel stares at the other man, noticing a sort of stiffness to his earlier movements. “Are you hurt, Dean?” Castiel finally asks, deep concern in his voice.
“Sure, they’re up there to the left,” Castiel points with the fork, still moving around the food in the pan. He turns the heat off and watches Dean move around the kitchen.
Castiel is out of the car and to the door in no time at all. It only took that ghost of a grin on Dean’s face to put his ass in gear. He holds the screen door open for the other man as he unlocks the deadbolt. “I hope you like craft beer,” Castiel warns. “It’s all I’ve been drinking lately.” Castiel shrugs and walks into the house.
Dean shakes his head as he tries to follow along with the woman’s ramblings. “Whoa, whoa whoa… slow down,” he chuckles, finally pulling her out of the lobby into the parking lot of the station. “Let’s back up just a second. What do you mean he was peeping at me?” Dean raises a brow, shifting his bag slightly. “Not to mention you give a lot of orders to someone who doesn’t even know your name,” Dean challenges, crossing his arms over his chest.
He chuckles softly, shaking his head and blinking a few times before looking back up at Castiel. “No, I’m not hurt..just a little..uh...stiff..from...sleeping.” He coughs, rubbing the back of his neck again as he feels a heat rise to his face. Dean glances quickly to see if Sam is still sleeping and then shifts his attention to the window seeing the light starting to come through the windows.
Tipping his head, Dean studies Castiel. “Cas, tell me what’s happened. Why won’t you let me go? What have I done?” The panic is thick in his voice, and he is afraid of what his angel will tell him. He braces for the bad news.
“It’s hotter than it was a moment ago. I placed some fabric under the door to keep the smoke out, but it's coming in more than before—how much time before they are here. I don’t know how much longer I have,” Castiel relays as he lowers his body to the floor. The air is cooler and cleaner, and he takes small breathes as he watches the top of the small room fills with black smoke. His eyes start to water, and he begins to sweat through his shirt. This isn’t the way he pictured dying.
“You can thank him tonight. He’s coming to visit you after dinner tonight. I hope that’s your good hospital gown,” Samantha teases. “Castiel. I have to be honest. I have never seen a more perfect person for you. He is everything you’ve ever gushed about. I am totally on hashtag team, Destiel,” she snorts.
“I’m an angel of the Lord. I have lived eons before you came along, and I will live long after your bones have turned to dust. What makes you think I can’t handle a few cases?”
“Oh? Maybe this can be a teachable moment. I can teach you how to be the best bottom, but you’ll have to top me first,” Castiel groans, stopping Dean before he can get to the reservation counter. He wraps his long fingers around the other man’s hips, pulling back.
“I see that,” Dean says, raises an eyebrow, “what exactly is this place, Cas? I never even knew you had a hideout.”
“That’s good that he’s feeling better, Dean, but if he still has that venom in him, he could turn against us again. Are you sure it’s a good idea to let him out of the cuffs?” Sam asks worriedly.
Castiel blinks open his eyes, the sunlight blinding him temporarily. His vision blurs and slowly focuses on the face of a beautiful man. Castiel reaches up, his hand cupping the stranger’s face. Taking a shuddering breath, he coughs, his grip faltering. Castiel tries to make words, but his throat is parched, and his lungs hurt so much. He coughs a few more times and licks his chapped lips. “Are you an angel?” Castiel finally manages, his voice rough with smoke inhalation.
“You mentioned food?” Castiel turns his gaze to Dean, eyebrow cocking. “You can take a seat over at that table,” Castiel orders, taking a step into the kitchen and stops suddenly. “What the hell?” He sighs deeply.
Nodding without a word, Dean exits the car, swiftly shutting it firmly behind him. He makes his way into the motel room, walking quickly over to the beds stuffing any loose clothes in their duffel bags. Dean walks quickly into the bathroom, snatching up any toiletries, and returns to the beds stuffing them in his duffel bag. He makes his way into the kitchenette, grabbing the bottle of whiskey, taking a quick pull before capping it, and putting it in the inside pocket of his jacket. Wiping his lips with his sleeves, Dean pulls the papers and books together as his gaze catches the scratch marks on the table. He closes his eyes tightly, gripping the edges of the table as he sucks in a large breath. “Castiel, I don’t know if you can hear me, but I need you to be here.” He slams a fist down on the table, effectively leaving a crack. “You said you’d
>> Yeah, I got a new phone. The agent was able to save my number. If you need anything, you should be able to get a hold of me now. I’m sorry it took so long. I was a little preoccupied.
Dean’s eyes narrow, and he feels himself hardening at his angel’s demand. “Okay,” he says simply as his expression becomes darker and more severe as he leans down and begins kissing Castiel with hunger. Grinding himself into Castiel’s cock Dean moans into his lover’s mouth before pulling away. He lifts his leg over Castiel’s hips and pulls down the waistband of the grey sweatpants to his ankles. Dean removes his own boxers before he places himself between Castiel’s thighs. He leans in, placing his lips against Castiel’s once more. Dean slips his hand under the shirt’s fabric, and he grinds his hard cock against Castiel’s. Dean moves his hand down the length of Castiel’s body, takes his cock into his hand, and starts pumping him.
Dean begins kissing and gently nipping at the sensitive skin on Castiel’s neck. He lifts his head, looking into Castiel’s blue eyes. Dean pulls up his hand from Castiel’s member and sticks his middle and index finger into his mouth, wetting them, never breaking eye contact. He begins kissing Castiel again as he places his wet fingers at the opening of Castiel’s hole. Dean parts Castiel’s lips with his tongue, deepening the kiss as he inserts his fingers.
“Dean!” Castiel rushes to the man’s side, holding him up from the floor. He unlocks the manacles and slowly lowers both of them to the floor. He passes his hand over Dean's face, scanning for life, and is relieved to find Dean's lifeforce. Castiel manages to retrieve his phone from his nearby coat, sending Sam a message to meet him in the bunker, then teleports both of them to Dean’s room.
Allowing himself one small chuckle, Dean takes a seat across Aaron at the dining table and takes a sip of his coffee. It wasn’t just the work that he liked, he genuinely enjoyed his crewmates, and they made the job that much more enjoyable and worthwhile.
Dean kisses down Castiel’s neck, rolling the man under him. Still slowly working with his hand, he finds Castiel’s nipple, taunt, and hard. Licking it, and pulling another sound from the angel as he blows a warm breath over the bud. Castiel arches his back, gripping the sheets, the feeling beyond heavenly. Slowly, Dean moves his way lower, biting and kissing, until he gets to the crisp hairs marking the usually forbidden territory.
“Does that make him the babysitter, Cas?” Sam jokes, nodding to Dean, grabbing the bag with his salad in it.
“I mean, Dean. I don’t think he knew how you felt about him. Was he surprised when you … reciprocated… your feelings for him? I mean, did you? God, Dean, please tell me you didn’t leave the poor angel hanging… wait…. the scratches on the table. Who…?” Sam’s eyes get wide for a moment, the implications running wild in his mind.
Once at the store, Dean finds himself standing in the middle of the produce section with no fucking clue what to get for them. This should be simple right, Dean likes food. Grab a couple of things and bring them back to Cas’ and let him cook. However, he doesn’t want the food or cooking to take too long, and Castiel needs to rest, and well, Dean’s a lot of things, but patient isn’t one of them.
“Well, you might as well get it all off. It might prove more difficult the more this,” Dean motions to his pants, “dries. It could be like concrete.”
Dean shivers next to Castiel, not paying attention to what the angel is doing, as typical. “Damn, it’s getting colder,” Dean says absently. It doesn’t click in this mind that the shiver he felt was Castiel’s power and not mother nature. He wanders up to the cabin door, knocking hard. “Sammy, I’m coming in. I hope you’re decent,” Dean turns the knob, swinging the door open wide. Stepping over the threshold, he takes a wary look around the tiny cabin. “Hey, Cas, you might want to take a look yourself and see what you can make of things.” He calls over his shoulder to the angel standing at the car.
“Yeah, I suppose not,” Dean bites his lip, shaking his head. Would he ever be able to stop blushing around this man? More importantly, why was Castiel having such an effect on him? He pushes up from the chair and lets out a breath running a hand over his hair. Might as well go for broke, Winchester. “You know, I’m
A light sound of ruffling feathers answers Sam’s prayers. “Hello, Sam,” the deep gravelly voice is music to his ears as he looks up at Castiel. Tears streaming down Sam’s face, he is surrounded by a mess of papers and books, the aftermath of an earlier tantrum.
“Yeah, sure. Thanks. As soon as you get back, I’m starting the inquisition. So don’t take too long,” Sam almost pouts, realizing he let his brother get away and almost let him change the subject. He shakes his head, looking back into the book he was reading.
Blushing slightly, Castiel ducks his head. “I’m not done yet,” he says and checks on the links. Nodding, he reaches over and collects the vegetable. Castiel drops the peppers first, then sprinkles on a generous helping of cracked pepper. The contents begin to cook in a light flurry of action, and he pours in a little more beer.
Castiel moves to stand right in front of Dean, close enough that their breaths mingle. This traps Dean’s cock between the two men, but Dean can feel that he’s not the only one affected by this game. Castiel is just as hard. “Dean, you don’t have to say anything, but I’ll never force you. I can wait as long as you need.” Placing his hands on the other man’s face, he leans in. Dean’s fangs erupt from his gums again, and he tries to bite at Castiel, who steps away in time.
“That’s right,” Castiel whispers, his voice harsh with the lust he feels for the man in front of him. “Just let go, Dean.” Castiel slips his other hand under the waistband of Dean’s pajama pants, seeking out the hardness pressing against his leg. As his fingers touch the silky skin, he gingerly takes Dean in his hand, gripping slightly and tightens his hold on Dean’s nipple. “Show me how you feel,” Castiel says, attempting to coax a reaction.
“I’ll help you look, Dean. I want to bring him back as much as you do. I feel like something is missing from our family with him gone to us,” Sam whispers, “I’ll check us out first and stay with Cas in the car, but you have to stay here until I get back. Okay?” He asks, more like trying to get Dean to stay put for a moment.
“I have been waiting for you since time began. I have always known you would be in my charge. I waited eons. I fought wars, neared death, and the whole while, I prayed that I would live to accomplish my God-given duty. And then you came along.” Castiel smiles, but his eyes are filled with hurt.
Smiling to himself as he enters the living room, Castiel nods at keeping it together at the cellphone place. After the episode with Dean and the nightmares he had last night, he wasn’t sure if he should leave the house. He’s glad he did.
Dean swallows hard and stares in disbelief as he watches Castiel walk towards the restroom. He shifts in his seat out of anticipation and glances at his watch. He picks up his glass and drains it in it one go.
Dean scrapes away part of the trap, standing quickly; if Crowley acts like the bastard he is and does something stupid. He may be almost naked, but Dean knows he could still kick the demon’s ass. Without realizing it, he places himself between Castiel and Crowley, subconsciously wanting to protect the angel from any kind of danger. “Okay, it’s done, now go! I have some business to attend to.” Dean threatens.
Dean stares into the hazel eyes of the brother he swore to protect with his life, his words like knives to his heart. He swallows hard, nodding. “Alright, Doctor Phil... enough with the feelings, okay?” He sighs, glancing around the field before meeting Sam’s eyes again. “I get it. Now let’s go do our job, kill some monsters, and find Cas,” Dean nods, clapping Sam on his shoulder before turning, slamming the trunk down.
of mistakes in my life,” he pauses, wetting his lips, “but what happened between us, sure as hell wasn’t one of them.” Dean shakes his head, pulling the man in front of him into a tight hug, squeezing him firmly as tears begin to sting his own eyes.
Was this kid seriously trying to give him dating advice? Was he that obviously tense and worked up over Castiel? Dean sighs and nods, taking out his wallet and sliding his debit card through. The kid hands over the receipt as he loads the bags back into the cart. After he double-checks all of his bags, he pushes towards the exit.
Castiel shakes his head, then sips at his glass. Shortly, the server comes back and deposits two plates. There are two small piles of rice in the shape of an oblong oval topped with a piece of white fish. On top of the fish is a white shredded vegetable, and it’s drizzled with a dark sauce. “You can use the chopsticks if you’d like, or your fingers,” Castiel picks up one piece and shoves the whole thing in his mouth, staring at Dean.
“Ah yes. What the Hell I am doing here. Well, I could ask you the same question. See, I was summoned by your brother. The location and time were clear, and I’m never late. So you might want to question Sammy dearest,” he says.
“I...” Castiel struggles to find the right words. He can’t. “I don’t know what to tell you, Dean. The only person I’ve had sex with is April. And she killed me.”
The heat of Dean’s hands lingers on Castiel’s shoulders. He looks up at the man, a mix of emotions heavy in the pit of his stomach.
Dean moans, moving his second hand to his balls. “Whatever you want, Sweetheart,” he chokes. “So close…” he pants, his strokes and hips becoming more erratic.
something to Dean. It was so unique and fit him perfectly. He allows himself to close his eyes and think of the man's face now that he has a name to put with it, and yeah, it worked. But did he really dare visit the guy? Would it seem weird? Should he wait until Castiel is out of the hospital and a little more recovered? Would Castiel even remember him, let alone want to see him? Fuck, was it even normal for Dean to feel this worked up after one rescue?
The press of Castiel’s hands on his body almost completely undo him where he stands. Dean cannot stifle the moan that escapes his lips when Castiel’s hands are entirely on his body. “Damn, that’s good,” he says aloud, then groans, realizing he just said that out loud.
Looking around the destroyed bunker, the walls riddled with bullets and holes from the rockets that were lobbed at him, Castiel struggles to stand. The vampires were tough to kill. Even smiting them took some extra power. Underestimating what the leader could do was his biggest downfall and why he is as hurt as he is now. Castiel scans the bodies, searching for life or movement. Pleased that there is none, Castiel lays back on the floor, allowing the darkness to swallow him, but not before seeing a pair of beautiful green eyes.
Throwing the washcloth back into the bowl, it flies off the table with a loud crash, as Castiel grips up Dean, pressing him hard against the wall and between his own hardened body. He kisses him like a man drowning, and for once, Dean has a hard time keeping up. He opens his mouth to the angel, their tongues dancing. Dean pulls back with a gasp as Castiel’s hand finds his erection.
“He seemed okay at first, Sam.” Dean snaps back at his brother. He sighs, rubbing his hands over his face trying to calm his breathing. Dean looks at Castiel’s body as guilt washes over him. Looking back to Sam, he shakes his head. “Let me change, and I’ll meet you in the library in five,” he offers, feeling deflated.
“It’s been some years, but you seem very receptive to my teasing. I like it a lot, Dean. I wonder what other machinations you would be sensitive to as well,” Castiel muses, then winks. He nods to the other plate, ready to make the other two sandwiches. “This was a great idea.”
“Thank you,” Castiel returns, his cheeks heating slightly at the attention. “The food is so delicious, I just can’t stay away,” he laughs.
Dean’s eyes widen, and he nods, moving towards the edge of the couch, holding his hand out for the lube. “Yeah, hell yeah,” he grins before turning slightly shy but excited to try this with Castiel.
Mind spinning, high on arousal, and missing Dean something fierce, leads Castiel to do something that is probably not the best idea to have. Releasing himself, he opens a text to Dean, smiling to himself.
“Well, I guess that little heart to heart is over.” Castiel watches as Dean fights and struggles to get to him. As the minutes pass, Dean finally calms down, his breathing ragged.
Castiel watches as Dean becomes embarrassed and smiles at how cute the man looks when he blushes. “Thank you, Dean. I need to retrieve my car, and then I should be fine from there. I have to get a new cell phone and make some calls to get the insurance claim going. Do you know how long it will take for the incident report to be finalized?” Castiel asks, unwrapping his sandwich.
Castiel watches Dean disappear outside. He stands still for a moment, listening to the wind howling and the wood crackling in the fireplace. He feels empty. These worries have been eating at him for so long that he can’t let them go. The voice of doubt in his mind tells him that Dean only said what he did to placate him, to get rid of him. Castiel shakes his head, but the thought holds on.
Heading back into his bedroom, Castiel looks through the closet for some clothes. The phone store trip shouldn't be difficult, especially when he's looking forward to getting a new phone anyway. The call after getting home will be more challenging. Castiel hated dealing with professional stuff. If he could hire someone to manage that part of the business, he would, but he couldn't see spending a lot of cash now just to not deal with some red tape. Castiel grumbles as he pulls off his shirt and slicks his pits up with deodorant. Suiting up in a blue button-up and a pair of tight-fitting jeans, he draws on his shoes and enters the garage.
Dean blinks as his arms fall to his side. He looks around the steam-filled room, seeing he is now alone. Rubbing his hands over his face, he sighs. What the fuck just happened? It had to have been some crazy realistic dream. But since when did he have dreams about Castiel? And why had it been so...hot? He pulls off his clothes, gets into the shower, and washes up quickly. Breathing in the steam, he relaxes slightly. Dean gets out, drying off quickly. He blinks, looking around the room, and sees that he doesn’t have any clean clothes in there with him. Shrugging, he wraps the towel low around his waist and exits the bathroom. “Bathroom’s all yours, Sammy.”
,” he corrects himself. “Visit people we’ve rescued, I mean?” He finally manages, his eyes narrowing at his Lieutenant.
“As for the rest of what has happened, I tried to use the power that I have on you. It’s supposed to purge sins from people. It’s excruciating, normally, but on you, it had the opposite effect. I didn’t understand what was happening until you broke my concentration with a kiss. I’m very sorry about that. If I would have known…” again, Castiel is interrupted.
Dean’s blush comes back full force as he bites his lips and shakes his head, “You’re one to talk,” he huffs. “No one that I’ve ever seen has made a hospital bed look as good as you do,” he nearly pants.
Dean rakes Castiel’s form before walking up to him, grabbing the sides of his face and smashing their lips together.
“Good,” Dean says from around Castiel. This is the angel’s undoing, and he growls, coming hard down Dean’s throat, pumping his mouth, and holding the back of Dean’s neck.
“M’getting close, sweetheart,” Dean moans, feeling the pleasure and pressure coiling deep in his groin as his thrusts become more erratic. He can feel his breathing becoming shallower as his skin pricks slightly with sweat.
Dean’s body stiffens as Castiel slowly inserts his fingers into the other man’s body. Using his powers, he lubes his fingers, making it wetter and Castiel gingerly opens Dean up to him. Dean cries out as a pulse of grace fills him. He pulls Castiel closer to him, his cock straining against the angel’s stomach. “God damn it, Cas,” Dean blurts out.
“Sam! Watch your back!” Dean yells out to his brother as he takes off one vampire’s head. Sam turns at the last second, his machete catching the monster at the neck and cleanly severing the head from its shoulders. Dean smiles to himself, grateful that he warned Sam in time, but failed to see the other vampire coming at his back. Neither of them saw what was coming.
Castiel’s hands shift under the blankets, very clearly stroking himself. He arches off the bed, fucking into his grip. “You’re so hot,” he groans. “Fuck, Dean. You’re gonna make me…” Castiel whines.
Opening the door, Sam sees Dean at the table. He clears his throat, taking his clothes over to the stack of other things near his bed. “Are you researching?” Sam asks, turning around to look at his brother.
Dean’s eyes widened at Sam’s question. “Oh, come on, Sam,” he sighs, “Do you really want the details?” He looks at the entrance of the room before looking back to Sam, raising an eyebrow.
Yet as he does, he feels a little surge of courage. Quickly, before logic comes back to make him change his mind, he drops the towel, pushes the shower curtain, and steps in the tub.
Raising an eyebrow, Castiel brushes up against Dean to get to the employee. “Hello, two for Novak,” Castiel supplies.
“Cas, it’s okay. You had to do what needed to happen. Did the power work? Am I purged, or whatever? Can we just go home?” Dean’s voice relays the defeat and hurt he feels, the regret.
Dean’s breath hitches slightly, feeling Castiel’s hands on him. He wets his lips and swallows hard. He turns enough in the other man’s grip to meet his striking eyes. “Oh?” He says, raising a brow in curiosity.
“Team what? Destiel? Is that some kind of ship?” Castiel questions, mouthing the word again. It has a nice ring to it. Maybe he can pass it by Dean tonight and see what he thinks. Fuck! Dean is coming to the hospital. He is in no state to entertain a handsome man; how is he going to manage this? Castiel’s thoughts begin to spiral, and that familiar dizzy feeling takes hold in his head. He closes his eyes to still the world around him. “It will be very nice to see Dean tonight. I admit that I will have trouble containing my excitement,” Castiel shares with his employee.
Dean watches Castiel intently and narrows his eyes a bit. “Cas...” he says, taking a deep breath and putting a hand on the other man’s shoulder.
“Cas,” Dean whispers in the darkness, “thank you, for never giving up on me.” He bites the angel’s lips, pulling slightly and rewarded with a moan, his arms clutching at Dean. “I want to show you how much I appreciate everything you’ve ever done for me.” Reaching down between them, Dean takes Castiel into his hand, surprised at the weight and length of the angel’s tool.
“I see. Well, it’s nice to know that you’re open to new foods. The steak will be out next. They serve it medium rare here. I hope that isn’t a problem,” Castiel adds, sipping lightly from his glass. He sets it back on the table, crossing a leg over the other.
“Yeah?” Dean groans. “I’d say you got yourself a deal,” he sighs. He slows, only moving his hips, fucking slowly into his fist. Dean lifts his free hand and tweaks his left nipple, letting out a moan. “Didn’t know how hot it could be to be watched,” he bites down on his lip.
Following quickly behind Dean, Castiel reaches out and grabbing Dean’s arm, trying to turn him around. “I will get him back, Dean,” he says, his voice cracking.
Dean’s hand around Castiel’s throat makes it a little challenging to get away, and with him so close, Castiel can’t fight back or else take the chance of hurting Dean. Luckily, Castiel didn’t come here without a plan, and Dean fell right into his trap.
Dean takes his time putting his stuff away and sets up his gear, hoping he’ll finally see some action and get to use it. He listens to the chatter of the station and listens to his coworkers come and go. Maybe, just maybe, he’ll get to go on a real run this shift and get to show them what he is really made of.
“What do you have in mind?” Castiel asks, taking a mirroring sip of his own beverage. He places the bottle on the countertop and braces his arms behind him. Castiel crossed his legs at his knees, his thighs bunching under his tight pants. His arms flex slightly as they take his weight, and Castiel waits.
Dean’s eyes Sam seeing he now had headphones in. His gaze hardens once again as he looks back to Castiel. “Cut the shit, Cas,” he sighs, sitting down on the bed before rubbing his face with his hands. “There’s nothing to talk about, is there?” Dean smirks, looking at Castiel, silently challenging him.
The receptionist shakes her head and waves him off. “Now go before I wake Dean and tell him you’re here.” With those parting words, Castiel leaves the office. Before getting into his car, he looks up at the station’s windows, wondering which floor Dean is on. “He’s sleeping,” Castiel mumbles. He’ll text him later tonight; for now, he needs to look over the paperwork and call the incident in.
“He eats all kinds of healthy crap, and when he visits, he’s always trying to get me to try new or different things. I’d never tell him I actually don’t mind, and would, but he’s fun to mess with,” Dean laughs.
When he opens his eyes anew, the room is as it was. He takes a tentative step. Still wobbly, but it will have to do. He scans the room for his socks but can’t find them. He can do without. He slides his feet in his cold, wet shoes, throws his jacket on, and steps into the storm.
“I want that ass, Dean. I beg that you leave it for me,” Castiel pants, jerking against the glass. His cock kicks once, and he tosses his head back. “So hot,” Castiel groans.
The flutter of feathers wakes Dean, and he looks up to see Castiel’s blue eyes. He smiles, happy that the angel has returned, but it deflates a little as worry sets in. “Cas, did it work?”
easier on me?” He growls, walking back over to Castiel, and places a hand on his cheek as Dean’s face and voice softens. “Don’t ever do that to me again.” He stares into Castiel’s blue eyes, searching for understanding. “I thought I lost both of you, and then you just disappeared without saying anything.” He sighs, walking back over to the table and sitting down before taking a drink of coffee from his mug.
Dean’s eyebrows shoot up at the complexity of his younger brother’s questions. “Wow, Sam. I’m not even sure how to answer that.” He shakes his head as he chews on his bottom lip thoughtfully. Dean inhales before speaking again. “Maybe it started when he pulled me from hell…” He shrugs. “But when he looks at me, it’s like he actually sees
“Cas, it’s okay. You didn’t know what was going to happen. I’m happy that it wasn’t painful. Truthfully, I wouldn’t mind another ride on that.” Dean teases.
“You two have some explaining to do when we get back. What the hell happened? You know what, I’ll ask after we get out of here. I don’t have any weapons, and I don’t feel like taking on an Alpha vamp.” Sam pushes past his brother, surfacing topside. He starts walking over to the Impala, leaving the two men behind.
you, then I’m one hell of a disappointment.” Dean searches the angel’s eyes, their faces a breath away.
Dean snoops around the bathroom, finding some of Sammy’s body wash and shampoo under the sink. “Bingo,” he exclaims. Dean turns on the shower, testing the water. He sets it to warm, not hot, hoping to have time to wash up. Stepping into the water, Dean groans a bit as the warmth chases away the cold from the snow. He quickly washes up his hair, the water cleaning away the shampoo. Next, he lathers up his body with the soap. His mind wanders a bit to the angel out in the other room. Using the ability to talk to Castiel through prayer, he thinks to the angel. “Hey, you want to help me wash my back? I think there is a place I can’t reach,” he sighs, knowing Castiel would never take him up on it, but there was always wishful thinking.
Dean licks his lips and nods. “Yeah,” he says, rolling the bottle between his hands a bit, warming the slick liquid up, trying to steady his nerves. Dean pops the cap after a bit and squirts some out onto his right index and middle finger. He leans forward a bit and traces small, slow circles around Castiel’s hole.
Dean spins around, and the kid gives him a smirk and thumbs up before he starts ringing up his next customer. He rolls his eyes and makes his way towards the exit. As he’s loading the groceries into the back of the Impala, he can’t help but think the kid might have a point. Castiel was just a guy. An extremely attractive guy with striking blue eyes that
Dean’s eyes widen as panic spreads over his face as his angel disappears in front of his eyes. He looks to Sam. “Cas… he-he’s going to try to go after them alone,” Dean stumbles over his words before burying his face in his hands. A frustrated growl low in his chest as he makes his way to his duffel bag, getting his clothes out quickly.
Dean blinks, taking in Castiel’s words. There is a part of him that understands almost precisely what he is hearing, but how had he not seen it? How had Dean not seen the desire in Castiel’s blue eyes that were now burning into his? How had he not realized that he carries similar feelings? Dean brings his hands up to cup each side of Castiel’s face. He bites his lip and chuckles softly at the mention of the porn he had shown Castiel. Dean eyes the running shower before looking back to Castiel. “You, uh, don’t wear clothes in the shower Cas…” Dean breathes.
Castiel drops his hands and wraps them around Dean’s waist. “Stay the night, please?” He glances down between them, blushing. “I don’t want to be alone tonight, Dean,” Castiel whispers, his voice laced with emotion.
“The porch?” Castiel questions, looking around them. He squints into the sunlight. “Dean, what time is it?” He questions, pushing himself up. Slowly, Castiel stands and looks into his house. “What the fuck happened?”
“Then you don’t have to be,” Dean swallows, leaning down, pressing his lips to the top of Castiel’s head. “Of course I’ll stay,” he says softly, feeling slightly selfish but wanting to soak up any amount of time Castiel is willing to spend with him.
The woman types in something on her keyboard and looks at Castiel. “Ah, yes. Mr. Novak,” she stands, opens a small locked file cabinet, and hands him a rather sizable stack of papers. “Here we are. I’m happy to see that you’re doing well. Our Dean was a bit worried about you after he pulled you out,” she smiles again, her eyes glittering with something.
“Yes, you are acknowledging I asked for you? Or yes, you want me to continue?” Castiel’s voice dips low, his hands finally finding his hardness. His eyes darken as he tips his chin up in challenge.
The miles pass by in what seems an instant. The preternatural speed from the vampire blood is already taking hold inside. Loud music and laughter assault Dean’s ears. Unable to pull himself away from the allure, he steps out from the tree line, into a parking lot of a roadhouse-style bar.
“I don’t see anyone else here,” Dean agrees. He sighs softly, wishing he had the confidence to reach out, grab and pull Castiel into him. But Dean also knows Castiel needs to rest, and he doesn’t want to push and cause another episode. Dean clears his throat. “I could cook or grab us some dinner if you are hungry,” he blinks, looking back up.
Dean shakes his head, “Nope,” he answers, smirking. “This ass is yours until Monday if you want it,” Dean’s smirk widens.
“Okay, Mr. Novak. I have a crew coming out to the location. Is there anyone in the building at the moment?” The calm voice asks.
Dean looks down, lifting his foot. “Why did you punch the mirror? Was it something that I did? God, Cas. I’m so sorry about earlier. I know better than to let Crowley get in my head. I just, what we had… have…” He looks at Cas, hopeful. “I’m not deserving of you… I wish I was, I would give anything, do anything for you,” Dean leaves the words hanging as he watches the angel at his feet. He looks into the man’s eyes, losing himself in the blue gaze of the angel he lives for.
