"Sorry." Dean ran his hand through his hair nervously. "It's..it's okay. We, uh, we should go tuck in the kids now."
for him to wrap him up in his arms for once.
He poured the water over his head, the soap running down his bare shoulders, some suds snagging on the crusty scabs, and Cas sputtered as the water got into his mouth.
It felt good to be a good student, and Sam pushed him.
less enjoyable for Dean. The girl smirked hungrily at him before crouching on top of him and pulling down his zipper.
. The angel urged himself on and swiped the back of his hand across his eyes, and red smeared against his tan sleeve.
angels all being my kids. They sure act like it. It's just a little hard to imagine it's not just fifteen but fifteen hundred that are all mine." Chuck scratched the back of his head. "Not to mention all the humans..and all the..
Silence.
" Pardyin' pardyin',
"Dean," His voice was more of a raspy growl, as he ducked into the car and wrapped his arms around his chest, sliding him backward with a large grunt. Dean's right arm had been ripped clean off, almost all the way up to his shoulder, leaving just a small nub behind. Bright red strips of flesh hung like raw chicken strips Castiel had seen Dean cooking in the kitchen once, and his stomach knotted uncomfortably at the connection. He saw the severed bone poking out from the lump of bleeding flesh and felt his face grow tight.
"It's okay." Chuck sniffled. "At least they tell me that I make a mean chili."
"I know he has. He was a demon then." Dean said almost under his breath.
"I know. It's going to be over soon, I promise." Cas had to restrain himself from petting his wings like he was so used to, because the third and forth wings were around halfway out of his back, downy and wet and seemingly shapeless brown bulges.
The room was stuffy and Cas smelled bad, like soil and body odor, but Dean didn't mind. He kind of got where Cas was coming from when he watched him, curled up like a cat: knowing he wasn't in any danger, that he was just
"Do what?" Cas asked.
"Can I ask you- who's your angel, Chuck?" Dean asked, settling down a little more on the bed.
Chuck had spent a fortune to line his spare rooms wall to wall with new mattresses. But when he was fast asleep after a tiring day, most of the angels snuck into his room and slept on the floor in his room, or even on the bed with him if they were lucky enough.
Dean finally opened his eyes just a little and looked at Chuck.
Dean looked over, confused. "I...
, the angel's voice came from within Dean’s head. Their nonverbal communication was no longer a one-way street, not since their bond had strengthened, and Dean had let Cas in. It had come in handy on hunts, but it was moments like these that Dean cherished speaking with thought the most.
"Well, they're too young for the truth." Cas shot back, and Leo clung even tighter. "Cas?" He whimpered. Cas always felt a little closer to the little blackwing than any of his other children, but he wasn't sure why. Maybe it was because the angel was the youngest as well.
Sam was about to call it off, seeing that the boy was clearly upset, but bit back his words as Bobby spoke up again.
Castiel was holding one of the babies at the table, who was making a fuss because his teeth were already starting to come in. The kid was somewhat big, he had light brown wings that were flapping erratically. His legs, wrapped up in a yellow footsie covered in brown teddy bear faces, were kicking and squirming as he wailed and Cas tried to comfort him, giving him little toys to chew on or petting his ever-moving wings, trying to calm him down as he hummed to him.
Cas pressed his lips together. "I still don't know."
say something. Angel radio going quiet or something like that. It was strange."
Leo shook his head. "We need dad, Bobby. When I move them, I can feel the bones shifting around. What if I'm misaligning my bones or something?" He desperately reached for his brother's shirt. "Please. What if I can never fly again? What would happen to me then, huh?" His eyes filled with tears. "I'm already the smallest out of everyone. Please."
"I thought so too." Cas took his hand and got to his feet, rubbing his head one last time. "Were you sleeping?"
?" Cas looked very upset now. "And you were certain?"
!" Red said in amazement.
"Cas. Hey. Wake up."
She dropped her clothes to the floor and pushed Dean down on the bed, and he fell backwards with a slight bounce as she shoved him by the middle of the chest.
They way Dean ate made him sick. He devoured the three sandwiches he'd had, barely even taking the time to chew properly, even though he struggled to eat with just one hand that did not slow him down. After he'd consumed the three sandwiches at a rapid rate, and went on to pour the bag of chips into his mouth, polish off the entire rest of the jar of pickles and then, when everything else was gone, he shoved whole pieces of bread into his mouth by their middles, folding them over and swallowing them after only a couple bites.
Cas grumpily nodded and shoved the egg from his lap, much too roughly for anyone's liking, as Sam shot out to grab it. He was rushing away before anyone could comment on it.
"Yeah, yeah." Dean rolled his eyes, roughly setting the plate down just far enough away so that the ex-(sort of ex?) demon would have to inconvience himself by reaching for it.
"Cas, please." He croaked defeatedly, lying back down on the bed with a loud creak. Without saying anything, Castiel turned away and firmly closed the door. Instead of leaving right away, he found himself reaching up and lightly pressing on the door with the palm of his hand. He closed his eyes, and caught his breath for a moment. When Dean had been a demon, sometimes he had been so painfully like his old self that Cas could forget what was happening. He was very good at fighting things that changed him.
What was he supposed to do now? He was dangerous to himself, he'd be dangerous for these little angels...
Cas closed his eyes as a light breeeze played across his cheeks an combed through his hair. "I guess." He shrugged. Dean didn't move his arm, and Cas wasn't quite sure what to do.
"Thank you," Cas said softly. "I just...worry about them. That's all."
"Hell yeah we did." Dean nearly growled. "But god
Just the other day Cas had to get up on a ladder and yank a rattle from where it was wedged in the ceiling fan. Dean also would often wake up to find a baby had teleported themselves onto his bed and they'd be sleeping soundly and cuddled up to him, and he'd have to get up from his comfy bed in the early hours in the morning to go and put them back in their crib. Dean lost sleep just worrying about rolling over onto an unexpected visitor.
"Cas..?" He tried to turn his head, but a firm hand shot out and kept it in place.
"Organize a revolt in heaven, I guess. Against Metatron." Tobias answered. "Oh..I can't tell you..that much about that."
What the hell was he supposed to do with an ex-demon prisoner? Or an ex-angel who was falling apart at the seams?
"is it bad?" Cas whispered, running his hand along the egg's shell. "wings."
, where are you?"
It seemed to be perfect timing- when they arrived one day, the house was completely abandoned, collapsing tents still out in the front, flapping in the wind, the front door held ajar, and everyone was just gone. No angels, no Chuck. Sam even put out a missing person's report, but with no luck.
Flaming stars were falling. All of us are Lucifers now.
"Hello? Chuck, are you okay?"
Good thing one of the other bunkermen had probably grabbed the kid. "Shh. Don't worry about them, okay?"
!" He was about to call for help, but of course no one else would be able to see, hear or feel him. Cas still had just one thing- Dean's body. And he needed to bring that body to the medic's cabin immediately.
"Thank you for taking me in." Cas said softly. They stared at each other in complete silence for a couple of seconds, noses pointed at each other, Dean blinking and Castiel not.
!- and held him so they were barely at a hug yet. He lightly kissed his cheek, which was pink and warm from the dilated blood vessels. "I will still have to learn all of this." He added as an afterthought.
Dean screwed up his face. "Gross. And where is it, exactly?"
Dean shoved him off and stood a length away, pulling his gun out and aiming between his eyes. "Grab me like that again and I swear I'll blow your damn brains out," he growled.
"Come on, I just got my arm torn off, I think I'm allowed to be a little grumpy! Are
Calcifer pursed his lips. "Eh. Just trying to wait it out until someone's going to do something. And having a wicked good-looking vessel makes being human just a little bit easier." He winked. Dean was torn between hating him and liking him.
"Angels are rushed to grow up. We don't stay as 'useless' children for long. We don't
"You're
that someone else was handling Cas's kids. Pffft. No way.
It's fine.
"You've lost quite a lot of blood. When I finally got to you, I think you'd gone into shock as well." The angel paused and dipped his head in shame for a second, as if he were working himself up to say something. His tongue darted out to nervously lick his lips, and he seemed to be looking everywhere except Dean's eyes. "Dean, I...I just need you to know I did everything I could, and I tried everything I know. I couldn't fix it." Cas began reluctantly.
"So, by exploded, do you mean like, internal bleeding and something bursting, or full-on I have to powerwash the walls kind of-"
He gave me pancakes.
He let Dean wrap a towel around him, and Dean was reminded of what he was on bath duty for Sam when he was little. His black hair dripped onto his face and the towel and he shivered.
"We don't tell people about this right?" Chuck said, a small smile on his face. "That was a little weird. To say the least."
"Yes, you dummy." Dean smiled, and opened his mouth just slightly. He could see a white glow from deep down in Chuck's throat, and then behind his teeth and leaking out between the gaps, and finally a bright white light that twisted and sailed like some kind of bioluminescent mist made its way into Dean's mouth, and instinctually he breathed in. He felt Cas back again, his warmth filling his body and soul. He closed his eyes and breathed in all the way, until the very last little tendril of grace had entered.
And Dean could almost see Cas stiffen as he clammed up, zipping his lips and throwing away the key. It seemed to be his default for whenever things got too heavy on him.
were you thinking?"
"How the hell do you know all this?" Dean growled, his jaw clenching.
"It was just a dream." Chuck tried to be kind, and the angel's eyelids fluttered as he gently smudged his cheek with his thumb again. "Go back to sleep. I'm just making you all a little breakfast." The teen nodded and let go, and Chuck finally made it out the door, looking back at the room. People were draped everywhere like they'd all just passed out after a crazy party. Chuck smiled a little. It looked like this every day.
Chuck rattled out a sigh. "I know, I know. That doesn't add up. And if all these angels really are my..children..." He got a little pale in the face, and an angel who had been in the room rushed to his side and put a hand on his shoulder. "Are you alright, sir?"
Cas's face flushed red with an embarrassed blush and he looked angrily at Dean. "I don't think you understand the severity of the situation we're in! We are supposed to be thinking about taking down Lucifer and be saving Sam, not thinking about...
." His head gave a throb and Cas gingerly touched it. Being a human was absolutely dispecable. His eyes fluttered shut.
"I told you, the only thing they must consume is energy."
"This better be important. I'm taking care of four crazy-ass babies and I finally got around to sleeping, kid." Dean said gruffly, sweeping his tired eyes up and down both of them.
Dean punched his hand into his pocket and took out the bottle of pills. He raised his eyebrows and tipped the bottle just slightly to the side, as if he were saying 'oh, really?'. "And it's going to stay that way." He growled again. "You come to me if they start hurting. And I'll administer them."
excited to have kids -it was because it was the last thing that would ever tie him to being an angel. Without it, he was just a regular human.
Chuck shrugged. "It was weird. I finally had a vision that wasn't of you two. I saw Metatron in heaven, he was stealing all the graces of all the angels. And he claimed
"-Besides," Dean grunted when he'd finally drank his fill and he wiped his mouth off with the back of his hand. "I don't think I can 'murder the world' with only one arm."
!" Chuck exclaimed flusteredly. Yeah, definitely Chuck. "One thing only you would know is that you named your penis Mike Hawk in the fourth grade and you still think it's one of the funniest things-" He continued. But this was definitely not Chuck speaking this time.
His friend hadn't always exactly been reliable in the past. Not like it was his fault, though. Dean knew he
He groaned as his shoulder was nudged. He was especially tired from the babies sucking the energy from him. He came to half-awareness, he knew that Red and Bobby were still sleeping and safe in his arms, and Dean nudged him again.
“Hey, Dad?” Jack piped up softly.
"You're such a dork," Dean said softly, looking away. "C'mere." Dean grasped at thin air as Cas pressed his lips to his, a fleeting brush of his lips.
Dean shakes his head. “Nah. Later. Just wanna take a nap in my own bed for now.”
“I think that dog just took a shit,” Dean says, gesturing to a black toy poodle.
Then he starts walking. The adrenaline from the anger and pain wears off quickly and he’s left numb and empty. So he walks, until the daylight dims and the streetlights flicker on and there’s snow drifting down again.
Dean squeezes his hand fiercely.
“Cas,” he says, not sure of what he’s going to say next but determined to stop Cas from leaving until he can make him understand.
Dean wakes up suffocating. His cheeks are wet. He hacks his lungs up for a solid five minutes before he can breathe close to normally again. When he fumbles for his inhaler on the bedside table, he finds it empty. Something deep in his chest is aching. His sheets are soaked through with cold sweat and he’s shivering.
—though for different reasons than most people do. Back then, walking into a hospital had an effect akin to having his senses dialled up a hundredfold—every last atom crackling with the sounds and the smells of people being born and people dying, of people weeping and laughing and quietly praying.
“Sleep well?” Dean asks brightly.
Eventually, the coughing fit subsides. Dean struggles to catch his breath. Every inhale burns in his chest despite the cold air. He straightens up, wipes his mouth on his jacket sleeve. It comes away streaked with red.
The guy blinks at him. “Castiel”
He dozes on Cas’s couch for a while before he can feel it kicking in. Eventually, his sluggish brain quits fighting and quiets down into a smooth, calm rhythm. His vision gets clearer. Cas stands up at some point and Buster ends up in Dean’s lap. Dean strokes his head absently. The dog’s ears are velvety soft.
Guilt creeps up from somewhere low in Dean’s stomach, shudders through his chest and up into his throat. “I’m sorry,” he stutters. There’s more he wants to say, but just breathing is making him tired and all the words get jumbled in his head, so he just looks at Sam and offers another, “Sorry.”
Cas glances up from the keys, brow furrowed. “I don’t make anything.” Before Dean can respond to that, he locates the correct key and unlocks the door.
“Yeah,” Sam whispers. “I know.” He looks away and goes silent for a long time. When he speaks again, his voice is quiet and cracked. “Dean, you have to take care of yourself. I—You’re all I have left.” He looks back at Dean, eyes bright with tears. “You know that, right? I can’t lose you too.”
“Castiel,” he says, fixing his gaze out the passenger window to appear non-threatening.
“Dean,” Cas says. “Have you considered speaking with a therapist?”
They do, stopping for breath at every landing. Cas lets Dean walk mostly unsupported but stays close enough to catch him if he stumbles. By the time they reach the top, Dean is trembling with exhaustion. He’s still breathing though. “All right,” he gripes, winded. “Either someone fixes that elevator or I die up here because I am
, Dean thinks. He clears his throat again. This time, it’s entirely unnecessary. “Hey, well today’s your lucky day. I hear a mechanic just moved in next door.”
“I’ll be travelling to visit her in a few days,” Cas says. “I’ll be sure to pass along your compliments.”
“And you’ve filled out, look at this-“ Sam poked at the muscle around Dean’s abs, making the man chuckle.
“You gotta wait til they’re on hold man, you get yourself in trouble otherwise.” He told her, remembering the incident last week in which the client had demanded the manager and complained.
Cas caught his lips, driving all thought from his mind as his lips sent him dizzy with desire. Deft hands moved down his legs, gripping behind his knees to lift his legs up, move them until he was wrapped around his angel’s chest. Then he felt the head of Cas’ cock pressing against his hole, and he tensed momentarily.
Castiel seemed to be patiently waiting for him to figure himself out. The man was still watching him, but not in a way that made him feel pressured, oddly enough. Dean knew somehow that he would wait until he was ready to provide an answer. So he considered carefully. Castiel seemed to be trustworthy – not by anything he’d said or done, but just the way Dean felt. Then again, Dean wasn’t always a good judge of character. Should he tell him in a way that allowed them to have a conversation about it? Or just answer honestly? He couldn’t decide.
“Right.” Dean seemed flustered by the affection, a warm blush creeping onto his cheeks. “Well, here we go.”
“She wouldn’t take no for an answer.”
“Cas?”
5 - No re-entry to bunker before sundown.
He thought to himself, his fingers curling in his hair tight, just enough to cause a little pain – just enough to push back the sting at the edges of his eyes.
“Then don’t.” Castiel whispered back, worried. He brought his other hand up to gently stroke through Dean’s hair. “Stay here. Stay with me.”
“Both.” Castiel grumbled, levelling a glare at the man.
“Ngh-“ Dean bit down on his lip, trying to stay quiet.
“Fuck me, Cas.”
Dean thought, but he didn’t say anything.
It was, however, slightly depressing to see how little was in his pantry. Despite his shopping today, it was less than half full. Castiel was the type that liked to have a lot of non perishable food, just in case. Right now he barely had enough to last a few days, and he knew he would have to get more soon. He filed that thought away for later as he gathered the ingredients he would need from there and the fridge, dumping it on the counter top.
Dean just stared at them for a few moments, feeling a tear slip free.
Dean handed her the letter, bringing his hands up to cover the tears that were streaming uncontrollably down his face. He tried to count his breathing, slow it down, but he couldn’t. His chest was tight, too tight, and his throat was closing up. He could feel Sam’s hand on his arm, trying to pull his hand away from his face, but he wouldn’t let him. He couldn’t stop, he knew he was going to have a complete episode, and he didn’t want Sam to watch it. But he couldn’t say a word, because all his focus was on getting enough air and trying to ignore that familiar rushing sound in his ears.
Castiel and Sam both looked up at him in confusion. Jack just kept staring into his drink, oblivious in the face of the bubbles in his beer that captured his interest. Sam’s face quickly changed to a knowing smirk, however, that kinda pissed Dean off.
“Yes, Dean?” The low, breathy words were right beside his ear, sending a shiver through him.
Castiel groaned out, feeling Dean’s hand drop down to his pants. It was by far the strangest way of introducing oneself he had ever heard of, but he wasn’t complaining. Rather, his mind had changed direction, and now he was focused on removing Dean’s pants, nearly ripping the button off in his desperation. Dean chuckled darkly against his throat, pushing Castiel’s sleep pants down over his ass, stopping at his thighs. Thank god for drawstring pants, Castiel thought. Strong, sure fingers wrapped around his cock, and Castiel felt his knees go weak as a loud moan forced it’s way up his throat.
Cas didn’t reply, leaning down to brush kisses over his lips, cheeks, neck - anywhere he could reach, encouraging him silently to continue.
“Oh. Uh, sorry Charles. Guess I didn’t hear you.”
Short, imperceptible little rolls of his hips were rubbing their cocks together in a delicious way, and there was no denying that the angel intended on getting him off right there in front of everyone. The part of Dean’s mind that was trying to convince him not to do this had gone silent now, and it was only Cas’ full body on his that kept him from bucking into the angel, desperate as he felt heat working its way from his belly down to his balls.
Sorry it took awhile for this update. It’s been a hell of a week, and this was harder to write. I won’t go into what happened, but just want to say thank you for being patient with me. I appreciate every one of you reading this <3
Castiel reached forward and grabbed him, pulling Dean back to himself and holding him tight.
Dean had already seen the man write his number on the whiteboard earlier, and had saved it in his phone. While the class was doing the same, he glanced down to the scribbles he’d been thoughtlessly jotting down all day in his notebook. He frowned slightly, noticing that the page was full, and he read the words he had written for the first time.
Castiel was about to stand up, when Dean shot out of the chair with a spooked look on his face. Before he could stop him, the man had bolted to the door with Castiel hot on his heels. He reached out to Dean, trying to warn him to be careful, but the man had already thrown the door open.
Everyone nodded silently, and Dean was slightly surprised to see flashes of admiration in Bobby and Sam’s faces. He cast his eyes down, feeling like he didn’t deserve it. He hadn’t been able to keep Cas safe in the first place, after all, and the fear of what he would find was forefront in his mind.
Dean made his way over gingerly, and carefully sat next to Castiel, keeping a slight distance between them. He looked down as he wiped his palms on his pants nervously, trying to think of something to say. The silence stretched out, until finally Castiel spoke.
“You want to do what?” Dean asked, his fork full of eggs stopped halfway to his mouth.
Dean nodded slightly, but Castiel didn’t budge. He held his gaze until finally, Dean croaked out a response.
Dean felt like a bucket of iced water had been dumped on him. Sure, he’d never had experience with safe words, but after all his research on what they meant along with his discussion with Castiel earlier, he knew exactly what he needed to do.
Castiel chuckled slightly and shook his head. He seemed to take a moment to gather his thoughts, his eyes shifting up to stare at the sky through the canopy of trees over them. His hand kept on twisting the beads, undoing them from his wrist and putting them back on. Dean watched quietly, wondering if it was a reaction for anxiety, or if he was counting, or something completely different. Castiel always seemed to play with those beads whenever he was focused, or stressed.
“Nothin’s ever that easy. Not for me.” Dean choked out a half-laugh, half-sob. “Cas, I’m scared. This... it’s happened so fast and- and what if we lose it as fast?”
Dean didn’t know what to say to that. Was he really so bad that Sam felt that he was completely gone? He hadn’t realised how badly his depression was affecting not only him, but the people around him. Thinking about it, though, Sam was right. Things had become so different without him even realising. They rarely spent any time together anymore, and they didn’t have that same banter that they used to.
They spent the next half hour just walking peacefully, wandering the paths. Castiel questioned how he was feeling, and Dean answered honestly. He was calmer today than he had been in a long time and felt lighter. He told Castiel that he was planning to make a few changes to his room, and explained how bare it currently was.
“I will see you tomorrow?” Castiel asked.
Then Castiel breathed out a single word, his voice shaking.
“Not yet, Bobby, we’ve nearly-“ Dean started, not even looking up.
Dean growled quietly and, without warning, turned and moved toward the little cabin. Sooner than he had taken a few steps, however, a hand grabbed the back of his shirt and pulled him back.
Dean looked up once more, only to see tears running down Castiel’s cheeks. He reached out carefully, and slowly placed his hand on Castiel’s cheek, wiping the tears away with his thumb. Castiel sighed and pressed his face into Dean’s hand, sending a warmth through Dean for a moment – but he pulled away, trying not to notice the sad look in Castiel’s eyes when he did.
It wasn’t one-sided. Castiel was certain of that much when he felt the man melt into him, and he didn’t miss the soft whimper that snuck from the man, belying the hyper-masculine front that he chose to show the world. Despite that, a flicker of doubt made itself known as the man jerked back from him and stared in shock, releasing his hold on Castiel. He simply stood there and watched, not moving as the man took a step back, fingers to his lips as he stared with wide eyes. Several thoughts ran through his mind, chief among them being ’This is a really bad idea,’ yet they disappeared instantly when the man’s eyes darkened and he surged forward, arms wrapping around Castiel while desire and anger warred heavily in his mind.
“I would hope so, otherwise I haven’t been paying you the attention you deserve.” Castiel answered with a hum, his hand lightly stroking over Dean’s cheek before letting it drop again. “You really did do amazing in there Dean.”
“Don’t call me Ma’am. It’s Missouri.” The woman told him, but she was grinning.
The three man erupted into laughter as Castiel glared at each of them in turn. When his eyes met amused green eyes staring back at him, he couldn’t help the slight grin that cracked his facade, and he shook his head in defeat. As he walked with Dean back to his bedroom, he couldn’t help feeling that their two families converging was at once the best and worst thing that could have happened.
That made them both laugh, and Cas dropped his head back on Dean’s shoulder, for just a few more moments.
His speech was met with silence as Sam, Jack and Castiel stared at him, dumbfounded. He was shocked himself, the speech coming out from somewhere deep inside him that craved for just
Dean huffed out a slightly frustrated sigh, offering his hands out to the angel to hold onto. Castiel took them with minimal hesitation and slowly pulled himself up to stand, shakily.
“Here. They’re called Mala beads.” Castiel held out a hand for the beads, and Dean passed them over. Carefully, Castiel took the beads and wrapped them around the wrist of his good hand – the string stretched slightly, so that once twisted over his arm they settled comfortably around his wrist like a bracelet, a perfect match to Castiel’s. "They're designed as prayer beads, but you can use them to help you focus and fight the panic. Counting seems to help you.'
“I thought that if you were angry with me, I could stay away from you. I tried, Dean. But I just can’t. I feel… drawn to you, in a way I don’t understand.”
“I want you to take the rest of the week off.” Jody told him, her gaze brooking no argument. “It’s paid, and it’s not coming out of your leave, so don’t argue. I’ve sorted it out with the rostering team.”
“Yeah, well, just hope it’s enough.” Dean answered with a frown. Over time he had learned to somewhat accept compliments, but he didn’t hold a lot of hope for the outcome of this. “Hey, what do you say we go to the café? I’ll let Sam know where we are, and when he’s finished doing his student lawyer thing he can come meet us.”
“Dean.” Castiel’s voice was low, barely above a whisper. Dean made no movement, trying and failing to keep his breathing even. “Dean, look at me. Please.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Do you always carry lube and condoms in your toolbox?” He asked with a grin.
Though he had to admit it was also extremely confusing. Castiel had drawn a line, which was fine. But it was in opposition to the fact that the man had spent hours holding Dean the day before, watching him break over and over again and being so physically and emotionally close with him. Castiel had talked to him throughout, gentle and encouraging, and praising him repeatedly. Wasn’t that strange for someone who was just a work acquaintance?
“Do you think they were listening?” Castiel asked with a slight chuckle after they had recovered somewhat.
“Cas…” Dean sighed as he tried to chase those lips, but Castiel’s hands cupped his face and held him away.
“I got this Cas,” Dean growled, reaching a hand between their bodies.
. It is okay to say no.”
“No, Charlie, it’s not – look, I mean, he does look good, but it’s not that.” Dean took a breath, then huffed it out. “It’s just… It’s like this guy actually cares.”
“Yeah okay, get off me.” Bobby grunted, and Dean stepped back with a little laugh.
His room was clean – almost too clean. There were no clothes or mess around, but also no personal touches – he had a single photo frame on his nightstand, of himself as a child with his mother. There was nothing else to show that he, Dean Winchester, lived here. Thirty something years of life and nothing much to show for it that wasn’t hidden deep under layers of pain and self-loathing.
“I swear, I’m not gonna tease or joke. Just, come on, Dean. I’m your brother. Talk to me.”
“No, of course not! But it just… it happens. And I can’t stop it. I make mistakes and I’m stupid, and it happens.”
The elevator dinged it’s arrival and Castiel tumbled into it, his back hitting the wall as he slammed his hand on the button for his floor. Uriel’s dark laughter followed him as the doors closed, leaving him panting and trembling, struggling to remind himself to
The medics had jumped into action when they heard the noise, and the little girl was whisked away. Confused and crying, but safe and unharmed. He’d waited, and waited, watching the door, refusing offers of water – but when the rest of his crew had exited with the woman, he knew she was gone. He’d failed, and left a baby without its mother.
“Oh, yeah, um, I-“ Dean started.
Dean thought about it. Usually, coming from anyone else, he would say no, but this wasn’t a request. It was an order. He felt that he could, knowing it was something he had to do to be a good boy. And he knew if he could do it, Castiel would tell him he was good. He wanted that. Needed it.
“I’d probably still be a wreck if we hadn’t met.” Dean chuckled softly, thinking on how far he’d come since their meeting. “With you, I’ve learned so much. I don’t know what I’d do without you.”
Dean immediately stopped and did as he was asked. He listened as Castiel breathed slow and steady, and copied the action. Slowly, his breathing started to come back down, though the tightness in his chest remained. He hadn’t realised he was getting worked up, but Castiel had seen it – and that was exactly what he was afraid of losing, among so many more things to do with this.
“Yeah okay. Well, the first I heard of him was after Cas had a really bad day at work. He was pretty angry, and we-uh-“ Dean tried to ignore the flush that crept up his cheeks. “I calmed him down, I guess... Then there was an incident, I found him having a panic attack... Later he told me Uriel had threatened him that day, and the really bad day he had was because the guy was being a dick to him and ended up getting fired.”
“Just.. Last night, needed it...” Dean breathed, his legs opening as Cas slid down his body.
“Hm. Well, I think that you may have possibly had a panic attack.” Castiel continued when Dean shot him a look of disbelief. “Feeling scared, or terrified. Unable to breathe. Not being able to think straight.”
She paused, and dean dropped his eyes, his mouth twisting in annoyance. He wasn’t anything special, and he wasn’t as good as the others. Jody just had a soft spot for him; he knew that, no matter how much she groused at him. For some reason, she cared, and that scared him. Because he was bad, poison, broken. She would just get hurt if she cared about him.
Time passed, far more quickly than either Castiel or Dean wanted it to. It hit Castiel like a ton of bricks one Friday afternoon, when he was sitting on the floor with the man eating burgers. Dean was making his usual pornographic eating noises, and he tried not to laugh. He glanced around at the apartment - he hadn’t noticed before, but it nearly looked finished.
- but then he noticed that Castiel hadn't actually moved at all. He lifted his head to see Castiel frozen in place, a shocked look on his face. He wasn’t letting go, despite his obvious surprise, Dean noticed as he stared up at the man.
Wednesday was much the same, including when Castiel commented on his good work for the day. Again, Dean brushed it off and made a hasty retreat.
The four remaining paint splatters were red, which left only Castiel. One on his chest, one his stomach, and two on the back of his shoulders. Yet he hadn’t had a confrontation with him yet - he’d barely even caught a glimpse of the angel, ducking behind various objects, gone as soon as he’d caught up. That sneaky bastard had caught him unawares every time, and Dean found himself focusing directly on hunting the angel down.
He glanced up again, only to find Dean staring back at him with confusion. He frowned slightly, having expected either anger or sad understanding, but not confusion.
“Yeah.. Yeah that was later. When the cops got here he said it wasn’t over.”
“There’s more?” Castiel asked incredulously, his eyes widening at Charlie.
Dean couldn’t answer in words, even though he could tell Castiel knew the answer. He just nodded slightly, watching Castiel, waiting for the part where he decided Dean was too much work to be bothered with. But somehow, he didn’t seem to – a few moments passed, then he went back to the bandage and started to unravel it as though nothing had happened.
And it’s finished! I started this story in a great place... And finished it in a pretty bad place (referring to my life) but I hope that you have all enjoyed the reading.
He left the room at top speed, heading for the bedrooms, obviously to get ready. The trio sat staring after him for awhile until the shock wore off.
“Dean injured himself. I was assisting him to rest until he can continue.” Castiel answered Sam instead, not skipping a beat.
“You remember. Only, this is going to go a little differently. The way it should have gone, the first time.”
He knew it was unfair. He really did. But damnit, this idiot had made assumptions about him first, so he felt justified doing the same. Besides, he’d seen the price the apartment had just sold for, along with the expensive materials the man kept carting into the place, so he was certain he was pretty close to the mark.
Dean thought with frustration, but he didn’t voice his feelings or let them creep into his tone as he answered the client. He was getting better at doing that.
Eventually, though, Castiel needed to leave. It was midday by the time he left to pick Claire up, and he promised that he would have Sam and Jess over for a barbeque the next weekend. Dean was surprised at the offer, but not nearly as much as he was by Sam’s acceptance. Maybe Sam was starting to accept Castiel again.
“Jo-anna Beth, you leave that boy alone right now.” Ellen’s voice rang out through the café, and Dean had never been so grateful to hear it.
late.”
It was Castiel’s phone.
“It was on its way five minutes ago, old man. You were too busy chit chatting.” Jo grinned back from the kitchen, finishing by poking her tongue out at him.
“I’ll find them.” Sam answered shortly, then stepped out.
“Sure. I’ll, uh, see you tomorrow.”
“Yup. Mom died when I was little. It really messed Dad up, but..” Dean shrugged. “Sammy turned out pretty okay. I’m hoping he’ll come home for Christmas this year.”
“Boy, I swear if you don’t get your ass to bed, I will carry you there myself.” Bobby growled.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah. Yeah, I’ll stay.”
Dean frowned slightly, but he relented with a nod. By this point they had finished breakfast, and they rinsed the dishes off together. It took a bit longer than it should have, seeing as how Castiel kept flicking water at Dean, who retaliated by snapping the tea towel at his ass.
“This better be important, Sammy, or so help me-“
Dean grabbed his keys from the hook by the door and made to leave, but paused as Sam yelled out again.
“Doing what?” Castiel questioned curiously.
“No, dude, you don’t need to apologise.” Sam stopped him and shook his head. “I get it, you’re going through stuff. It’s just nice, feels like my brother is coming back.”
But, he supposed, at least he still had Sammy, and a few friends.
“Don’t be.” Castiel cut him off, voice low with with a distinct tone of barely controlled lust that sent shivers through Dean again.
“If you move again, I will stop.”
“I was... Sam and I, we were both firefighters. I was good, Cas, I swear. I was trained, we’d both been in it for years and we were experienced... Five years ago, though, we turned up to a house...”
“Yeah, Sammy’s a genius. He could do anything, that kid.” Dean grinned slightly, tapping out a quick message before he pocketed his phone again. “You should tell him. He doesn’t listen to me anymore.”
“Then don’t poke it! It freakin’ hurts man, just leave it alone.”
Dean melted into the kiss with a smile, then reached one arm around to pull his lover closer.
Dean looked away, though he couldn’t help feeling pleased with the praise. He wanted to make Castiel happy, and if a BLT sandwich did it, then what the hell. So instead of answering, he took a bite of his own sandwich, and they fell quiet as they enjoyed their breakfast.
Dean took a sip of his coffee then sat on the bed, setting his plate down on his knees. Castiel seemed to hesitate for a moment before sitting beside him, setting his own plate down on the table and wrapping both hands around his coffee cup.
“I’m not finished!” Sam yelled, standing up from the chair angrily. Tears continued to stream down his cheeks, and it killed Dean knowing he caused that. “You turn your phone off, we track you to the store, they tell us you bought a case of beer and took off looking like hell… And then what, you go and jump off a building?! What the hell, Dean?! Do I – Do we, mean nothing to you, that you’d just leave us like that?!”
“Dean, I would ask that you answer me.”
Dean nodded slightly, and Castiel smiled as he moved forward, almost closing the distance between them. They’d long abandoned their painting tools, and stood now mere inches apart. Castiel brought his hand up to Dean’s cheek, his thumb brushing over his bottom lip.
Cas frowns. Wordlessly, he goes back behind the counter again. When he returns, he’s carrying a steaming mug of coffee, which he sets on the table in front of Dean.
“Yeah, I just moved in yesterday.” Dean gets the door open, but the guy keeps on standing there staring at him. “I’m Dean,” he tries.
“Yeah,” Dean says. “Kid’s a genius. Just got accepted to Stanford Law on a full ride at twenty-two.” Even when he insists on playing the pissy little brother for weeks at a time, Dean can’t help but brag about Sam. Hell, he practically raised the kid. He’s earned bragging rights.
“Uh.” Dean’s memory has been bad lately. Last month was even worse. But how do you tell a doctor,
It takes less than an hour for Dean’s unbridled rage to turn to sour guilt. It sits cold and nauseating in his stomach, pounds behind his eyes like a nagging headache. He naps uneasily for a while until the pressure in his chest builds too high and then he’s clawing his way upright and toward the door. He knocks on Cas’s door, tries to shake the buzzing out of his head but the effort just makes him dizzy so he leans up against the wall and waits.
Eventually, he wakes up long enough to piss and brush his teeth. When he makes it back to bed, his phone is ringing. Sam.
He only gets as far as a tiny sip of air before his clogged lungs react and set him off coughing and gasping for breath. It goes on forever, until Dean is convinced he’s drowning.
, and I just kept thinking that wherever I ended up, I hoped it’d be…”
“Will you see your parents while you’re there?” Dean asks before he can stop himself.
“The walls aren’t well insulated,” Castiel says, opening the door to his place. “I heard music.”
They trade blows for a while. Then, when Cas turns around to find more ammunition, Dean dives out from behind cover and tackles him, knocking the snowball out of his hand. Reflexively, Cas throws his weight into Dean, knocking him off balance and onto his back in the snow.
When he opens them, it’s to darkness. He’s being shaken violently, a viselike grip on his shoulder.
“Jesus Christ, Cas,” he whispers.
Dean opens his mouth to argue, but she cuts him off with a stern look. He ducks his head and mumbles a “Thank you, ma’am.” Before he leaves, he digs a crumpled $5 bill out of his pocket and tucks it into the tip jar.
“What is it?” Dean asks.
“Dean,” Cas breathes. In the low light and quiet of the hospital room, it sounds like a benediction.
Nothing. Dean gives up. He goes back inside his apartment and shuts the door. Leans back against it and digs his phone out of his pocket to text Cas.
“Yeah. Yeah, much better.”
Bobby shakes his head. “I made a promise I’d take care of you. If you need anything, I’m here. Hell, I’ll even front you some money.” He pushes back off the counter, makes his way over to the register and pops the drawer. He pulls out several bills and returns to Dean, pushes the money across the counter towards him. “Call it a holiday bonus. But you need to take some more time, son.”
“Fine,” Dean says. “I’m fine.”
“Yeah, new place is all set up,” Dean lies easily. “Got anything for me to work on back there?”
There’s an indeterminate stretch of time where he drifts in and out of consciousness, waking up long enough to take a few sips of water or hack up what feels like half a lungful of phlegm, but never long enough to get a sense of the passage of time.
—elongating the vowels. “Is that religious or something?”
Dean shuts the door behind him and shakes his head.
Dean nods.
Anger sparks through Dean’s veins like a flash fire, sudden and uncontrollable. He shoves the pile of bills away forcefully. “Christ, I don’t want your money. Forget it.”
Dean tests the valve at the bottom of the radiator. The handle spins uselessly, clearly busted. “Huh. I think it needs a new valve.”
“How far is it to Lebanon, Kansas?” His voice is hoarse from disuse.
Sam’s eyes are red-rimmed and he’s frowning deeply. “Jesus Christ, Dean,” he says.
Dean whistles, impressed. “You must be making bank off these dogs.”
“Jesus,” he hears himself say. “No wonder you live alone.”
After he checks in with the receptionist, Dean waits in a hard plastic chair in the intake area until the nurse calls his name. She takes his temperature and informs him he’s running a fever. Then he dozes in the examination room until the doctor comes in.
Cas returns bearing a turkey sandwich on a plate, which he proffers to Dean. “Eat,” he urges.
“Hey,” Dean says, to break the tension. “Instead of freezing your ass off all night, why not come over to my place for a bit? We can order pizza.”
“Thanks.” Dean holds the ice to his knuckles. The cold soothes his stinging hand, but chills the rest of him. He starts shivering again almost immediately.
Dean is still trying to piece together the fragmented bits of his memory. “Whatcha doin’ here?”
There are no cars in sight. The road stretches out endlessly in both directions. Castiel picks one—left—and keeps walking. The thin trees quickly give way to vast fields of corn on either side. Castiel’s breath steams in the morning air. His toes have gone numb in his shoes.
Dean’s lungs choose that moment to stage a rebellion, and by the time he’s done laboriously hacking them up a couple minutes later, Cas has stood and put his scarf back on. “Thank you for letting me borrow your heat,” he says shortly. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
, Cas. Not depressed.”
He looks at Cas gravely. “Sorry, buddy,” he says. “Now you’ve definitely got the consumption.”
Cas finally looks away from Dean. “A sister.”
looks down at his apron. “Yes. Are you all right? You’re bleeding.”
It doesn’t last long before Dean has to pull away reluctantly or risk becoming dangerously out of breath.
“What’s it called?” Dean asks, taking another bite. “I’ll check it out if I’m ever in the city.”
“You’ve been exhibiting signs of clinical depression,” Cas continues earnestly. “It’s not uncommon during the grieving process to struggle with feelings of guilt and isolation. I think you might benefit from—”
Cas sighs, twists out of Dean’s grip. “Dean, that’s enough.” His eyes dart around the room, toward the door—looking anywhere but at Dean. “I’m meant to be catching a flight in a few hours. I’ll call and cancel. You shouldn’t be left alone in this state.”
“Nah.” Dean sits back on his heels and coughs into his elbow. “We can hit up the hardware store tomorrow for a wrench and a replacement. It’s an easy fix. I’ll bill the super when he gets back.”
“But,” Dean says haltingly, still trying to piece it all together in his foggy head. Just staying conscious is taking up most of his mental energy. “I didn’t know it was that bad.”
Cas reaches for his hand, and Dean lets him take it. “It wasn’t your fault.”
In the end, he’s too tired to be more than cursorily irritated at Cas, and he falls asleep soon after.
“Mine too,” Dean wheezes.
He stalks away, not bothering to turn when Bobby calls after him. Shoves his way out the door and around the corner to the near-empty parking lot. His hands are shaking. There’s something hot and overwhelming bubbling up in his chest, threatening to burst.
“Under your tongue,” Cas instructs. “Normally I’d suggest smoking since the effects are more immediate, but I’m almost certain you’d keel over and die if you inhaled anything other than air right now.”
“Did you take your full course of antibiotics?” she asks.
he missed his bed. He’s out like a light within moments after his head touches the pillow. When he sleeps, it isn’t the restless, consuming unconsciousness of the half-dead he’s become used to, but the easy and comfortable doze of an afternoon nap.
“Weird name.” She tests it out—"
“Hey,” Dean says, clearing his throat when he hears how groggy he sounds. “Everything all right? Thought I heard something.”
He opens his eyes. The night sky fills his vision, an indigo sea strewn with billions of glittering lights, cold and immeasurably distant.
Sam takes pity on him then, reaching out and planting a hand on Dean’s shoulder, giving a reassuring squeeze. “It’s okay, Dean,” he says. “Go back to sleep. It’s okay.”
“You wish, buddy,” Dean says. Then: “You seriously don’t make any money off the dogs? Ellen can’t be paying you that well.”
Dean sighs. “Yeah,” he says, and means it. “Yeah, I’ll talk to him.”
“Right,” Dean says awkwardly, pushing the door open. “Well, see you later Castiel.”
“Uhh,” Dean says, stupidly.
“Whoa,” Dean says. “Are those all for places in here?”
Sam presses on. “Dean, I’m worried about you. I know you’ve had a tough time coming to grips with what happened, but you have to—”
“Come sit down,” he orders. “Are you sure you’re all right? You look exhausted.”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean says, equally quiet.
Cas releases Dean’s shoulder, puts the back of his hand to Dean’s forehead. He frowns and cocks his head. “You have a fever.” In the darkness, the shop seems smaller than it is, and the quiet rumble of Cas’s voice only serves to intensify the feeling. It makes it hard to think. Dean shivers, and Cas’s frown deepens. “The antibiotics should have started working by now.”
—soft flannels and t-shirts and denim.
“Happy New Year, Dean,” Cas says.
Castiel looks puzzled, then surprised. “Oh.” He holds the wrench out. “If you wouldn’t mind.”
“I’m Ellen.” She slides the cup of coffee coffee toward him across the counter. “Well, Dean, you’ve either got great taste in coffee or just didn’t notice the Starbucks a block over.” She fishes a muffin out of the display case and passes it to him. “First one’s on the house. Welcome to the neighbourhood.”
Dean replies,
Dean shakes his head and stalks away out of the park. He gets the sense he’s moving slower than he should be. He can’t feel his hands or feet, but he keeps moving, fuelled by the cold rage in his stomach.
He gets flashes after that—a din of several panicked voices and white hallways. The prick of a needle in his arm. A haze of masked faces above him and the sharp scent of chemicals. He searches for Cas but can’t find him. Then he’s dragged back down, down under the black water, too deep for anyone to find him.
“Dean?”
“Huh.” Maybe the guy’s parents are super rich or something. Or maybe he deals weed for a living. It feels like the more Dean learns about Cas, the less he knows. It’s an uneasy thought, so he doesn’t pursue the subject any further.
Dean sighs, but there’s more exhaustion than irritation in it. “Sure, kiddo.”
Silence, too long for Dean’s liking. Usually he can’t get the kid to shut up. Then: “Are you okay? Sure you don’t want to fly out here tomorrow? I could come pick you up—”
—a shiny silver Toyota—
Then the door opens and Cas enters, holding a paper coffee cup in one hand. He startles visibly when he sees Dean on the floor. “Dean. Are you all right? You should be in bed.”
Then he hugs Dean, folds him up in his giant arms—and Christ, it’s still hard to believe his kid brother is this tall—and hangs on just this side of too tight and too long.
somehow, too tight.
“Cas.” Dean’s sluggish brain can’t think of much else to say.
“No problem,” Dean says, stepping toward the door. “I got my key.”
Dean decides to go to work instead of dealing with that can of worms. He puts his jacket back on and takes the bus to the garage. It snowed again last night, and the bus’s tires slip in the fresh accumulation more than once on the way.
Dean blinks until the darkness resolves into the low embers of the fireplace and twinkling coloured lights hanging on the walls. Cas is hovering in the centre of his vision, a dark silhouette against the dim glow lighting the room. The shop is quiet, the crowd dispersed.
“Fuck,” he wheezes painfully, to no one in particular.
Some time later, he wakes up slumped over with his head pillowed on Cas’s thigh. It’s getting dark outside, and the apartment is bathed in the orange glow of lamplight. Dean feels warm. Cas is stroking Dean’s hair absently with one hand and holding a book in the other. Where the cuff of his sleeve is pushed up, Dean catches a glimpse of tattoo.
He puts his phone back in his pocket and goes to lie down on the bed. The agitation drains away and he’s left empty, exhausted. Dean sleeps.
They grab coffee from Ellen’s and walk together to the hardware shop two blocks down. Inside, Cas pretends to look interested in power tools while Dean picks up a pipe wrench and searches for the right radiator valve. The clerk behind the counter curls her lip and glares at him when he hacks into his elbow for several long moments before pulling a couple of twenties out of his pocket and handing them to her.
Now that he’s getting his breath back and the rushing of his own heartbeat in his ears is starting to die down, Dean realizes how quiet it is. The sound of his breathing echoes loudly through the empty studio apartment.
Cas chuckles. His eyes light up when he laughs. Dean vows to make him laugh as often as possible from now on.
The next time he comes back to himself, he’s lying down again but his bed is shaking and shuddering beneath him—
“You have a brother?” Cas says, concern turning to interest.
Dean tries to argue, to think of something else to say, but he’s mostly asleep already, and by the time he has a thought half-formed, Cas is gone.
Cas looks away and runs a hand through his hair. He sighs deeply, then stands. “Please, take care of yourself,” he says, without looking at Dean. “We can talk when I get back.”
Dean looks up. Backlit by the kitchen window, Cas is surrounded in a halo of light. His nose is red from the cold and his hair is a mess. Dean doesn’t think he’s ever seen something so beautiful in his life.
“I think so? Might have missed a few days.”
is take care of people. Looking after people’s dogs so they don’t have to give em up or pay someone to look after them during the day. Working at Ellen’s for free so she can spend the weekends with her daughter. Saving my goddamn life when I was too stuck in my own head to do anything about it myself.”
He waits, and gets no response.
“Nah, I’m feeling much better,” Dean says, resisting the urge to cough.
She pours the coffee into a paper to-go cup and looks at him over. “Saw you hauling boxes out there yesterday. You’re new here?”
He thanks her and takes the seat next to the fireplace, where he sits and warms his hands on the mug of coffee without really drinking from it. After a while, Cas comes through the door with several neighbourhood dogs in tow. He chats with Ellen for a while by the counter, then looks over and spots Dean.
Dean doesn’t let up. He struggles upright, takes Cas’s arm in both hands and turns the forearm upward. The pinkish scar tissue is barely visible under the intricate design of Cas’s tattoo. Dean traces it by touch, a vertical line extending from the base of Cas’s hand to the rolled cuff of his sleeve halfway up his forearm.
Cas meets Dean’s gaze. “Yes,” he says. “I suppose so.”
“Can I help you?” Dean says.
“I was freezing all night,” Cas grumbles. “Are you all right? I heard you coughing.”
Eventually, a car appears in the distance, coming toward him from the opposite direction. As it approaches, the car slows, then stops parallel to him. The front bumper is dented in more than one place. The window rolls down and the young woman sitting behind the wheel raises her sunglasses to look at him. She takes in the sight of him—mud-streaked and covered in scratches from his night trekking through the woods—and her eyebrows disappear behind the fringe of her dark hair. “Uh, do you need some help, dude?”
The first thing he sees is the picture. It’s a little faded with age, and the corners are crumpled from where Dean shoved it back into the box. He lifts it out of the box and straightens the edges carefully, reverently.
“Sam.” It takes a lot to muster the annoyance to make himself sound stern. “Lay off.”
“Dean? Wake up, Dean!”
“Um, like forty-five minutes? But you’re walking the wrong way if that’s where you’re going. Here, hop in.” The door locks pop up with a
Sam must read the confusion on his face. “Yeah, idiot. You almost died. Of
Dean doesn’t really want to abandon his warm fireside chair, but he figures the fresh air will be good for him. And, if he’s being honest, he’s missed spending time with Cas. Outside, it’s snowing lightly. The cold air burns in his lungs and he starts shivering almost immediately, but it’s nice to be out of his apartment.
“Waiting for you.” Dean’s voice sounds garbled and bleary in his own ears. “To apologize. For this morning.” He hopes he’s making sense.
It’s a start.
“Huh?” Dean says, perplexed. It doesn’t make sense. He’d been taking his meds. Sure, the coughing up blood part was a little concerning, but he doesn’t think he felt like he was
“That had better be pecan,” Dean says, shrugging out of his jacket. He removes the surgical mask and savours a breath of clean, unobstructed air.
. Dean wonders if he was born into a religious cult or something. “Are those all your dogs?” he asks.
Alone, then—alone, and most definitely human.
Dean sinks back down into blissful unconsciousness, but this time he tethers himself to Sam’s hand on his shoulder—a buoy on the waves, keeping him from being pulled in too deep again.
He picks at the blueberry muffin. It’s delicious, but he doesn’t have much of an appetite. The coffee isn’t bad, and he manages to drink most of it while it’s still warm. When he feels marginally more awake, he snaps a picture of his new place and texts it to Sam, making sure to keep the untouched boxes and obvious lack of décor out of the frame as best he can. He showers, lukewarm because he can’t figure out how to adjust the tap quite right. Digs around in his duffel for clean clothes. Makes his bed. Looks around at the boxes surrounding him, sealed with tape.
“Good,” Cas says, but his words are warped and muffled by the sound of rushing blood in Dean’s ears. “That’s good, Dean. Just breathe.”
Dean reaches across with his other hand and takes Cas’s forearm, caressing the place where he knows the scar is hidden under his shirt and tattoos.
—the cluster of barely-there freckles on the bridge of Dean’s nose, the slant of his honey-toned eyelashes against his cheekbones, the delicate pink of his earlobes.
By the time the bus deposits him back home, Dean feels worn-out enough to sleep for a month. The trip up the stairs is excruciatingly slow. Back inside his apartment, he pops two antibiotics with a sip of leftover beer, takes a hit from his new inhaler and crashes out on his bed fully clothed.
Cas hums thoughtfully. He’s looking distantly out the window.
When they get to the park, Cas lets some of the dogs off the leash. He smiles watching them run and play, so wide Dean can see his gums. His teeth are as white as the snow slowly gathering in his untidy hair.
The dark shadows under Cas’s eyes are more pronounced than usual. He’s still wearing the same scarf and hoodie he had on last night, which leads Dean to believe he slept in them.
“It’s been closed for quite some time now.” Cas is quiet for a minute, then: “Anna fell ill a few years ago and wasn’t able to keep up with the demands of running a restaurant.”
When the bell hooked to the shop’s front door jingles, Bobby looks up from behind the counter. His eyebrows lift in surprise when he spots Dean.
and carries it back over to the bed. He lowers himself carefully down to the floor, leans back against the bedframe and sets the box in front of him.
He nudges the last box out of the way with his foot and flops down on the futon, taking stock of his new home. The kitchen faucet drips rhythmically. A single window above the sink looks out on the street below. Paint is peeling away from the walls in some places to reveal patterned wallpaper underneath. The few pieces of furniture he’d kept from the old place—his bed, a nightstand, coffee table, and TV—are far from enough to give the impression that a functional adult lives here. He hadn’t even kept the TV stand, which was stupid, he knows, but it’s too late now. It’s donated or junked along with everything else. The ten or so boxes piled up near the door are all that’s left.
Cas sits up straight, sets his book aside, stretches his neck and checks his watch. “Still half an hour to go. You haven’t missed it. How are you feeling?”
Cas whips his head around, glaring. “Dean,” he says sternly. “I really don’t think—”
A knock on his door at nine the next morning rouses him from sleep several hours earlier than he’s accustomed to. Dean rubs at his aching chest and tries not to feel queasy at the sight and smell of the congealed half-eaten pizza still sitting out on the coffee table. He throws it out before answering the door.
Dean meets the intensity of his gaze without hesitation. “Hey.” Not searching, not pressuring. Just signalling that he’s listening, whatever Cas wants to say.
That night, Dean dreams about his dad. His phone is ringing and he knows it’s important but he can’t get up, arms and legs too heavy to move, throat too dry to do more than whisper. Then there’s a knock at the door, and the sound of his dad’s voice, slurred and moaning: “Come on, Dean. Open the door, kiddo. Please. I’m in trouble out here. Dean.” Panic mounts in Dean’s chest. Something’s out there, coming for him, but as much as he struggles, he can’t move, can’t call out for his dad to run. He’s completely paralyzed.
, he thinks, with a pang of frustration at his younger self.
“It’s my pleasure,” Cas murmurs, sitting back down next to Dean. Buster lifts his head from Dean’s lap and sniffs at the plate hopefully.
After an eternity, his body comes back online enough that he can turn his head. His vision is hazy, but Dean would know the thin, long-limbed figure next to him anywhere, as easy as recognizing his own face in the mirror. He blinks until the pinkish blur resolves into his brother’s pale face.
The only elevator in the building is out of order and Dean’s place is on the fourth floor, so he wedges the box under his arm and slogs up eight flights of stairs for what feels like the hundredth time today. He’s out of breath by the time he gets to the top, sweating from the climb but still chilled by the December air outside. He pushes through the door to his apartment, sets the box down and coughs into his elbow. Digs out his inhaler and takes a drag. Holds it in for ten seconds and then lets his breath out. Clears his throat a few times.
“I just really think you should come out here,” Sam says. “We’re going to Jess’s parents’ place for Christmas dinner. I know they’d love to meet you.”
They take the second-floor exit and stop in front of unit 203. Cas pulls a keyring overflowing with dozens of keys from his pocket.
Cas frowns. He approaches Dean’s spot by the fireplace. “You shouldn’t be out of bed,” he says, disapproving.
. “Sam,” he says. “Where’s Dean?”
Dean doesn’t see the snowball coming until it clips him hard in the shoulder. “Oh, it’s on,” he declares, and whips another one at Cas’s face before ducking behind a nearby bench to take cover and restock.
“Dean,” someone says, gravelly and irritated.
. He holds Dean’s hand between both of his, gripping tight. His face is wet with tears and his lips are moving, but Dean can’t parse the words, so he just gives Cas’s hand a little squeeze back and lets the darkness take him again.
Dean shakes his head. “Come on, Bobby. You know I need the money. I need to get back to work.”
Cas sighs irritably. “Right. I suppose I’ll be freezing my way into the new year by the time the superintendent gets around to it.”
—the question that’s been dogging him since he woke up: “I can’t work out why he brought me back, Sam. I went willingly to the Empty. I had made peace. There was nothing left unresolved for me. It doesn’t make any
“Thank you,” Cas says, offering him a hand up.
“Wait here,” Cas says, like he thinks Dean has places to be. He disappears behind the counter for a minute and comes back with several ice cubes wrapped in plastic wrap. There’s a clean dish towel draped over his arm. He covers the ice with the towel and hands it to Dean. “For your hand.”
Cas actually smiles. “Thank you. I’d like that.”
“Get off me,” Dean says, shoving Cas back with both hands and climbing to his feet with effort. “I’ve been
“THC oil,” Cas says. “It’ll help you relax and stimulate your appetite. You’ve lost weight since we met.”
Dean takes the wrench and Cas steps aside to let him in. The layout of Cas’s apartment is the mirror image of his own, but the contents couldn’t be more different. Coming from such a strange guy, he’d expected a mess, but Cas’s décor is refined and minimalistic. Most of the hardwood floor is covered with a thick, soft rug. Aside from a simple pine bedframe, table, and sectional sofa, the only pieces of furniture are the floor-to-ceiling bookshelves lining every wall.
Dean opens his eyes and all he sees is white. It feels like a dream, the way he tries to move, to talk, but his brain won’t connect to his numb body so all he can do for a long while is blink and breathe. Dean experiences an immense rush of gratitude that he’s even capable of those things. A rhythmic beeping comes from somewhere to his left.
“Thanks, kid,” Dean mumbles. He clears his throat. “Just been getting extra into the Christmas spirit lately, y’know what I mean?”
“She cooks a lot?” Dean asks, drawing up a spoonful and blowing on it carefully before taking a bite. Even as awful as he feels, the soup is delicious.
There are several people hovering above him. Dean doesn’t recognize them. Something is strapped to his face, over his mouth, tight and constraining. He lifts his hand to remove the offending object, but someone catches his hand.
he doesn’t say
“Dean?” Sam says, quiet. “You sound awful.”
At his feet, a fine spray of blood coats the muddy slush.
Cas observes him thoughtfully for several moments, then stands and disappears into the kitchen. He returns bearing a small glass bottle, which he unscrews before drawing up half a dropper full of amber liquid. He holds it out to Dean. “Here. Take this.”
“It’s been out of order for more than a month,” Castiel says. “The superintendent is on vacation and probably won’t call anyone to come and repair it until January. I hope you enjoy cardio.”
Cas nods—not necessarily agreeing, just showing he’s listening.
“Hey.” Dean gives Cas’s hand another squeeze. “Look at me.”
Cas tucks Buster under one arm and they resume the climb up the last four flights of stairs. Dean breathes heavily through his nose to hide the fact that he’s winded. Christ, Cas walks fast. He clears his throat several times to keep from coughing again.
Cas cocks his head, caught off-guard, but stays silent.
Cas is sitting on the sofa, with his head tipped back in contentment. “That’s much better. I loathe the cold. Thank you, Dean.”
“What?” he snaps.
“Yeah,” Dean says. “Guess it’s back.”
Dean breathes hard, winded. Cas is suspended above him, holding himself up on his palms, flat in the snow on either side of Dean’s head. The vapour from their breath forms a single cloud in the narrow space between them. There are snowflakes in Cas’s dark eyelashes. Cas parts his lips and Dean tips his head up, fighting to suppress a cough.
His hand goes to Dean’s elbow and tugs, attempting to pull him up, but Dean resists. He grabs Cas’s wrist. “Cas,” he says, imploring Cas to understand what he’s trying to say. “I didn’t mean it. I was an asshole.”
He turns his phone off after that. It doesn’t do anything to silence the ringing that continues, loud and incessant, in his dreams.
—they don’t know how he’ll recover from that yet. Cas, where are you?”
Two days of sleeping and diligently taking his meds later, Dean still feels shitty, but at least marginally less like he’s going to suffocate from walking ten feet to the bathroom. He manages to shower, then sits on his bed and surveys the boxes stacked against the wall. Okay. He’s twenty-six years old and he can’t live out of a duffel bag forever. Just one. He only has to start with one.
. At least Castiel seems harmless enough. A little eccentric, but Dean’s dealt with much worse.
“Hm.” She seems unimpressed. “I’ll write you another prescription. Some people find it helpful to set an alarm to remind them to take the antibiotic as recommended. Or you can take it with breakfast and dinner every day.”
“You made me soup?” Dean says.
Cas gets his hands under Dean’s armpits and hauls him upright, braces Dean against his chest to keep him elevated. The change in position lessens some of the pressure in Dean’s chest and he draws in a couple of weak, gasping breaths.
Dean opens his eyes. Cas’s face is hovering above him, pinched and birdlike. He’s got Dean by the shoulders and he’s shaking him. Again.
“Dean.”
“Dean?” Ah, shit. One word in and Sam already sounds worried. “You were gonna call when you finished moving all your stuff.”
Dean shivers. It’s freezing. He gets up, grabs a beer from the fridge and cranks the radiator higher. He sits back down on the futon, hooks his phone up to the wireless speakers and turns his music up loud enough to drown out the quiet.
“Dean,” Cas says, still just as quiet, but something in his voice commands Dean to look at him. “It wasn’t your fault.”
Cas answers the door, clutching a wrench in one hand and looking more irritated and unkempt than usual. He’s wearing a hoodie and scarf and his nose is red. “Oh,” he says, brightening up considerably. “Hello, Dean.”
“So what’s your name?” The young woman glances at him, eyes narrowed, as though she’s only just realized letting a strange man into her car on a deserted road might not be safe.
He drifts in and out, dreaming—the blood in the snow, the look of shocked hurt on Cas’s face, and always the phone ringing in the background like a buzzing mosquito. When he’s not shifting between uneasy dreams, he’s shivering and sweating and coughing, coughing, coughing. His chest burns even when he lies very still and concentrates on breathing as shallowly as possible. He takes his antibiotics whenever the alarm goes off. Sips some water when he remembers. Texts Cas back when he wakes up with three new notifications checking in on him.
For the first time in months, Dean feels like himself.
Someone is calling Dean’s name from very far away, staticking in and out like a call breaking up.
Cas gives a bitter little laugh. “I’m certain I won’t. They don’t want much of anything to do with me.”
That’s a bit irritating, but what the hell—Dean’s not opposed to a little recreational substance use once in a while. He takes the dropper.
Buster, it turns out, is a greying Jack Russell. He growls at Dean and takes a few, uncertain steps backward. Dean kneels down and holds out his hand, which Buster sniffs cautiously before wagging his tail happily and licking Dean’s fingers.
“And your parents?”
Dean recoils. “What the hell, Cas?”
, like some maiden in a fucking Victorian novel. They said if Cas hadn’t found you—” He breaks off and blinks rapidly, swallowing visibly several times.
“Yes,” Cas says. “Beautifully. My parents wanted Anna to open her own law practice. She opened a restaurant instead.”
Inside, his apartment looks distinctly different from how he remembers leaving it. His bed is made. All the trash that had collected while he was sick is gone. There’s food in the kitchen—bananas and tomatoes ripening out on the counter, along with what looks like a homemade pie.
Cas doesn’t answer, too busy banging around in Dean’s cupboards and drawers. Dean is too tired to question it, goes back to sit on the futon until Cas brings him a steaming bowl of chicken soup.
“Fuck it,” he says to himself. The weak rasp of his voice echoes loudly in his own ears.
Dean swallows and licks his lips. “He used to call me when he drank too much, or if he needed anything. It always got worse around—around the time of year my mom died. This time it was every night. For over a week he called me every night, until one night I just. Didn’t pick up. I was tired from work, tired of dealing with him. He needed me, and I didn’t pick up. So he decided to drive himself home instead. Crossed the center line of the highway and collided head-on with an eighteen-wheeler.”
“Hey, be careful on the highway,” Dean says to Sam. “I’ve heard they ticket dangerously slow drivers these days.”
Dean drinks. The cool water helps soothe his throat and get a little moisture in his mouth. He licks his lips. “Sammy,” he says, and it comes out a little more human.
He goes next door again, knocks and waits. He shivers in his thin hoodie, shuts his eyes against the bright fluorescents washing out the hallway. Then he’s struck by a sudden epiphany: it’s the weekend. Cas isn’t home. He’s down at Ellen’s.
“My dad drank,” Dean says.
“It sounds like you’re very close,” Cas says.
A pharmacy is conveniently located next door, so he fills the prescriptions there. He checks his phone while he’s waiting to pick up his meds and finds a missed call and a text from Cas.
He hangs up. It’s after three in the morning. He stands, stretches, coughs into his elbow. He’s too warm now, heat buzzing under his skin, so he cranks the radiator back down.
Cas looks away. “I nearly failed,” he whispers. “For a while, I was certain I’d lost you.”
“Yes,” Cas says, sifting through the keys.
“It was a long time ago,” Cas murmurs. He falls silent long enough that Dean isn’t sure he’s going to continue. Then: “My parents are very wealthy and influential people. My life with them was unbearable, pre-existing clinical depression aside. The future they carved out for me was not one I could pretend to want, and there were times when I didn’t see a way out.”
There it is: the dreaded follow-up. Dean swallows. “Dead.”
—and pulls it to his chest, flattening Dean’s palm against his breastbone. The heartbeat there is quick and fragile as a hummingbird’s wings.
Dean nods in vague agreement.
Cas brushes past him without invitation. He sets the pot on the kitchen counter and starts pulling things out of the bag—cough syrup, lozenges, another bottle of THC oil. The distinct scent of broth wafts through the small space.
Dean shakes his head, makes to push Cas away but he must be weaker than he thought because all he manages is an ineffectual shove at Cas’s shoulder. The movement makes it hard to breathe and Dean loses some time trying not to suffocate.
” Dean takes a breath. It’s easier like this, whispering into the half-dark. “Spent most of my childhood babysitting his ass, looking after Sammy when he couldn’t. Sam resented him for it, but I never did. He’d been through some shit in his life that… Well, just believe me when I say he was a good father, all things considered.”
“Huh?” Dean says, digging his keys back out of his pocket as Castiel and the five dogs squeeze into the alcove with him, stopping in front of the door to the apartment next to Dean’s.
Cas’s teeth clack together audibly. He blinks.
Castiel stares at Dean for another minute too long, then nods. “Dean.”
Dean opens his mouth, licks his lips and draws breath, meaning to say something to the effect of
“Let me know if you need anything else,” Cas says, before leaving to wipe down tables.
“I’m not going anywhere,” Dean vows, with as much conviction as he can muster. Then, because he’s determined to wipe the expression of tormented guilt off Cas’s face, he bats his eyelashes and heaves a breathy sigh. “Not with my guardian angel looking out for me.”
The next day, Dean coughs awhile before getting out of bed. It’s always worse when he first wakes up, after all the nasty shit has had time to settle into his lungs overnight. After taking a hit from his inhaler, he makes it as far as the kitchen before he realizes he has no idea which box he packed the coffee maker in. Groggy, he gets dressed and fumbles his way downstairs and across the street to the coffee shop he remembers seeing there yesterday. It’s warm inside, and there are colourful Christmas lights and garlands strung up on the walls. It’s tacky, but in the homey sort of way Dean likes. He orders a black coffee and a blueberry muffin from the woman behind the counter.
He’s giving Dean that irritated owl look again. His eyes are very blue and the staring is getting weird. Dean wonders if he’s high. On the spectrum, maybe. “No.”
He wonders how far up the tattoos go, imagines them wrapping around strong shoulders and across a broad back, meeting in the smooth divot between shoulder blades. For a minute, Dean gets lost thinking about what it would be like to trace the patterns with his hands, warm against the soft expanse of Cas’s skin.
Cas watches quietly as Dean pulls a stack of books out of the box and sets them on the floor next to him.
Finally, Cas looks at him. His eyebrows pinch together, appraising Dean with a mixture of concern and intense discomfort. Dean gets the distinct impression that the idea of staying here with him is incredibly unappealing. He doesn’t blame Cas for it.
“Go away,” Dean mumbles nonsensically. His mouth is bone-dry, his voice cracked and garbled beyond recognition.
“Thanks,” Dean says.
“It’s not the first time you’ve told me that,” Cas grumbles. He comes over toward Dean, peers curiously at the picture in his hands. “Is that your father?” he asks.
Dean shivers. Cas’s apartment is freezing. He kneels next to the radiator and checks over the nuts and air vents while Cas hovers above him. “Got a pipe wrench?” he asks. “Not much I can do with this one.”
Dean huffs loudly in exasperation, but Cas nods sincerely and says, “Of course, Sam,” like he’s taking a vow or something. Then they shake hands.
Cas looks up from his book, blinks, then sighs sharply and pinches the bridge of his nose. Dean knows him well enough by now to interpret the display of irritation as profound relief without hesitation.
in tattoos, wrapping around his forearms in intricate black-and-white spirals.
“Yeah,” Dean sighs. “I guess it is.” He takes a moment to inhale, slow and deep. Then: “Hey, would you mind grabbing another box? It’s about time I unpacked.”
, his name tag says.
Cas tenses and moves to pull away. “Dean.”
He nods again, and then she’s ushering him back out to the waiting area.
Sam understands him anyway. “Not a chance, asshole.” He reaches for the bedside table and grabs a paper cup, brings the straw to Dean’s lips. “Drink.”
He’s lying on his back. The earth beneath him is cold. A stone—or perhaps a root—cuts painfully into the flesh next to his spine. With effort, Castiel rolls to his hands and knees, then stands. The ground sways under his feet and he closes his eyes again for a moment to steady himself.
In the low light, Cas’s eyebrows draw together in birdlike confusion. “Dean, we haven’t spoken since yesterday.”
Cas looks stricken. “Dean, I—”
Dean sighs. “What is it, Sam?”
The guy watches while Dean unlocks the door, his expression a blend of confusion and annoyance that makes him look a bit like an owl. “I haven’t seen you before,” he comments, in that same dry, abrupt tone.
. He hasn’t eaten since he awoke in that empty field a day ago.
“Really?” Cas looks skeptical, but the frown disappears. “In that case, you should come walk to the park with us. It isn’t far.”
Or maybe he’s underwater because the sound is muffled but also he’s—drowning. He can’t breathe. Can’t breathe.
He wakes up alone and finds himself surprised by how good he feels. Granted, he’s still exhausted and dealing with the lung capacity of an eighty year-old lifetime smoker, and even the thought of trying to get up and shower by himself makes him want to pull the covers over his head and hibernate until spring, but his head is clear.
“Uh.” Dean contemplates telling the guy to fuck off. For whatever reason, his idiot mouth keeps talking instead. “Our house burned down when I was a kid. Mom didn’t make it out in time. And, uh, my dad was in a car wreck a couple months back.”
“Ellen made it,” Cas says. “Sam insisted on the flavour. Would you like some? There’s whipped cream in the fridge.”
Cas does.
“I’m sorry to hear that.” Cas is quiet for a minute, then: “What happened?”
Dean stumbles to the bathroom and shuts the door. He splashes his face with cold water, then rummages through Cas’s medicine cabinet for painkillers. There are several orange prescription bottles with Cas’s name on them, and he’s reading the labels before he can stop himself. He recognizes the names of antidepressants, mood stabilizers, and anti-anxiety meds. Christ.
“Yeah,” Dean says. Then he sets the photo on the nightstand.
“It’s all right,” Cas says, offering a sad little smile. “She remains quite successful. She’s published several bestselling recipe books.”
“Fucking finally,” Dean breathes, as they reach his door.
or anything.
“We’ll take it slow,” Cas says.
“Finished unpacking already?” he asks.
Another pause. “Dean—”
Cas sits next to him and gestures that he should eat. “It’s my sister’s recipe. I’m afraid this is a pale imitation of the real thing.”
Dean means to politely refuse until he realizes he’s hungry for the first time in recent memory. He takes a bite and sighs in contentment. It tastes better than anything he’s eaten in weeks.
Dean can’t remember the last time he ate breakfast or dinner, but he nods obediently.
“Jack?” he calls again.
“Yeah,” Sam says. “Yeah, okay.” The sound of his breathing comes through the line, and for a moment Dean wishes intensely that his brother was here. “I just want you to be happy. You know that, right?”
“Dean,” Cas says, softly.
—the precise arch of his lips and the immaculate cut of his jaw, the kaleidoscopic colours of his eyes, shades of green and grey and gold that Castiel had spent twelve years struggling to name.
He picks up. “Heya, Sammy.”
“Tylenol.” Cas’s voice is a low rumble. He doesn’t look up from his book. “In the medicine cabinet.”
—when he’d held his arms stiffly at his side and patted Sam gently but awkwardly on the back
Then Sam drives away, and Dean and Cas are alone on the slushy sidewalk outside their building.
Dean hauls the last box up by himself. Bobby offers to come up and help Dean start unpacking, but Dean thanks him for everything and insists he’s got it covered from here. After making Dean promise to call if he needs anything, Bobby claps him hard on the shoulder, gets back in his truck and drives away down the slush-covered street.
The guy turns around. He’s got untidy dark hair sticking up in every direction that gives him the impression of having recently been struck by lightning. There are dark shadows under his eyes and a few days’ worth of stubble shadowing his jaw. His brow is pinched with irritation.
Dean flops down perpendicular to Cas. The couch is much more comfortable than his futon. Exhaustion hits him like a brick wall and it becomes difficult to keep his eyes open. He rubs wearily at his temples, where he can feel a headache starting to build.
Sam huffs a dry laugh and shakes his head. “Unfuckingbelievable. You really think you could get away with almost dying and I wouldn’t come see you?”
Dean nods, tips the mug toward Cas in appreciation.
Dean can’t, but he leans against Cas and tries to match the steady pace of his breathing anyway. Focuses on the thrumming of his heartbeat against Dean’s shoulder, faster than it should be. He’s too worn out to cough anymore, just wheezing and convulsing ineffectually, which he knows scares Cas because of how his grip tightens on Dean’s arm when it happens. He doesn’t have the breath to apologize.
Dean shakes his head. He can’t look at Cas. Can’t feel his fingers or his face. Too high to cry, then. Perfect.
“Jack?” The sound of his own voice, rough and papery, jars him—he hadn’t noticed the profound silence surrounding him until he’d broken it.
Dean hangs on.
“Ellen doesn’t pay me either,” Cas says, reaching over to scratch Buster between the ears. “I offered to look after the shop for her on weekends. That way she can spend time with her daughter without worrying about finances."
Castiel glances down and looks surprised to see the dogs there, waiting patiently. “No.” He offers no further explanation, but follows Dean into the building and heads for the stairs.
It’s the guy from this morning. His hair is still a mess.
“Okay.” Sam doesn’t sound convinced. He’s quiet for a while. Dean can picture him clearly, sitting at his desk with his brow scrunched up, chewing his fingernails anxiously.
When he can’t stand languishing in his cramped apartment a second longer, Dean bundles up in warm clothes and heads downstairs to the coffee shop. Walking down the stairs leaves him dizzy and breathless, which he chalks up to sitting around on his ass and not eating enough.
When he wakes up, the light coming in through the window above the sink is twilight-grey. He sits up, coughs hard into a tissue and throws it away without looking. Brushes his teeth and downs a couple of swigs of beer to dull the lingering coppery taste in his mouth. Despite having slept, the figure in the bathroom mirror looks pale and haggard, the eyes sunken in. Dean splashes some water on his face, uses his wet hand to attempt to flatten his hair.
Cas kneels and scratches the dog between his ears. “He likes you.”
“Really? Where?”
“Are you done?” Dean is too hot and too cold at the same time, but he feels energized for the first time in days. “Listen, I don’t know where you get off with this psychoanalysis bullshit, but it seems to me like you might be projecting. Just ‘cause you’re clinically off your rocker doesn’t mean I am, pal.”
“Are you serious?” Dean says. “All you ever
He doesn’t dream.
Sitting on the floor in front of the radiator is a welcome reprieve after all the walking he’s done this morning. Now that he has the right equipment it’s an easy fix, and within half an hour the thing’s chugging out heat again. Dean is drenched with sweat by the time he stands and turns back to Cas, although he still feels chilled.
Sam shoots him a look that says,
“Huh?” Dean says, brain struggling to come back online. “You work here?”
Cas shakes his head. “No.”
enjoy cardio, even under the best of circumstances. Castiel, on the other hand, walks like it’s a competitive sport. He doesn’t seem at all winded by the stairs. One of the dogs—a pomeranian—struggles to keep up, so Cas stops, bends down, and tucks the dog under his arm before picking up the pace again.
“Yeah,” he says. “Just moved in across the street.”
“People here really trust you, huh?” Dean says.
He pushes the door open, and the gust of warm air that greets him makes him shiver violently. There are only a few people inside. He sits at a table by the window, under the row of colourful twinkling lights, and stares out at the snow while he waits for his hands and feet to come back to life.
Cas shakes his head. “I told you, they aren’t mine. I look in on them during the day, while their owners are working.”
Dean means to apologize, but Cas is gone before he can find the words.
Cas removes his coat and folds down gracefully to sit beside Dean. They sit in silence for a minute, and then Cas reaches over and takes Dean’s hand. His thumb strokes the ridge of Dean’s index finger, which sends sparks of warmth skittering through Dean’s arm.
“My radiator stopped working.” Cas looks down at the wrench in his hand. “I have no idea what I’m doing.”
When he opens them, Cas is watching him again. “You should eat more,” he says. “You don’t look well.”
Dean gives a little wave.
“Any idea when they’ll be fixing the elevator?” Dean asks, trailing up the stairs behind him, keeping enough distance so he doesn’t trip over any of the dogs.
“I was not always this way. I’ve learned patience, strength, understanding - all through a lot of failure and hard lessons. But being strong does not mean that you cannot feel your emotions. Part of being strong is acceptance, along with being patient and understanding with your own self. I did not understand that, before.” Castiel took a breath and brought his eyes back down to meet Dean’s. “I had someone to help me. I would like to offer you my assistance, albeit in a slightly different way, if you would find it helpful.”
“Mhmm. As soon as my legs start working again.”
John Winchester shows up at the apartment, wanting to know why the work is taking so long. Things quickly turn volatile, and someone from Dean’s past shows up.
“Holy shit...” Cas blasphemed, eyes widening at the clear expression of pleasure on Dean’s face.
“Nearly sundown.” Dean changed the subject rather effectively, his gruff exterior back now that he was dressed properly. “We may as well forfeit, considering I think we broke half the rules.”
He couldn’t help the whimper of fear that escaped at the sight of several sharp knives. As he watched the man select a rather large, ugly looking weapon, he couldn’t help the tears that fell, or the way he wished he was home, safe in Dean’s arms.
“Yes. It helps me stay on schedule.”
Dean wondered as he felt Cas’ free hand move up, over his body, further up his chest - it paused as Cas made sure the others were intent on the movie - then simultaneously, the hand clamped down over his mouth, and he felt a sharp pleasure-pain against his neck. Cas bit down, hard, and sucked at the spot to form a bruise within moments.
“Mmm.” Cas hummed around his cock, the vibration sending shocks through his body.
“If you need a break-“ Castiel started again quietly, but stopped when Dean shook his head. “Okay. But please ask if you need something.”
“Yeah, well.. Shut up.” Dean grumbled, making Sam laugh. “Just go order pizza.”
“Sam said he had an idea for tonight.”
Sam called for the nurses, Charlie was crying into his shoulder, Sam started crying too – Dean could barely keep up with what was going on and it started to hurt his head, to be honest. Then the nurse came in and asked him fifty million questions, making Dean answer each one and sometimes repeat his answers.
“I’m sorry, you know. About yesterday. You shouldn’t have had to do that.” He took a deep breath and glanced at Castiel. The man was staring at the water, just watching it thoughtfully, not responding. “I just… I’m not great with a lot of things. I lost something, and I guess it just got the better of me.”
“Stop that! Ah, man, it’s so good to see you, been too long.” Another round of hugs.
Moments later he was pounding on the locked bathroom door.
“There really isn’t much to tell. I work, I come home.” Castiel answered as he picked up his roller and started to paint the wall again.
“Cas?” Dean called as he stepped out of the elevator. “Cas, where are you?”
“Yes, Cas, yes, want you to come, come inside me, please,” Dean begged, finding purchase for his hands on Cas’ upper arms, gripping hard as he rode that edge, desperate for that one tiny thing that would tip him over the edge...
“What? No, no, I’m fine.” Dean answered.
Dean nodded slightly and stayed where he was, standing awkwardly by the door. The longer that the silence stretched on, the more Dean’s head swirled with guilt. He knew that Castiel had drawn that line, insisted on distance between them. He obviously didn't want Dean as anything more, but Dean had put them in a situation where Castiel had reacted. He shouldn’t have let this happen, shouldn’t have let himself so close. Now for all appearances Castiel was struggling with something that he shouldn’t have needed to, and Dean blamed himself for it.
“C’mon, Cas, where are you..” Dean muttered to himself.
He heard a door open and looked up – only to see Sam entering the room, his eyes wide as saucers as he saw Dean awake.
Dean paused, sighing softly as he dropped his roller onto the empty paint tray. He grabbed the can of paint and started to refill both their trays. Castiel could tell that he was thinking, choosing his words carefully.
That time, Sam shot a very surprised look over Cas’ head, completely forgetting the tv as he stared at his brother, waiting for the inevitable Dean-pushes-Cas-away moment.
“....yes?” Cas answered slowly, with a frown.
, he thought as he padded out of his bedroom and toward his kitchen. He sifted through a cupboard until he found a small box of teabags, figuring he might as well try to relax with a warm drink. He already knew that he would be dragging his feet to complete the ten-hour shift waiting for him, let alone the shopping and laundry that he knew he desperately had to do.
“Hm.” Castiel stared into the now empty cup. “Listen Sam. Why don’t you come over. I don’t think Dean will be working today, somehow, and he’ll be more comfortable here. You can talk about everything and figure things out.”
“Cas?” He queried, trying to keep his voice from betraying his roiling emotions.
Dean was saved from answering by Jo’s hysterical giggling as she overheard the conversation. His coffee cup was placed on the table, thankfully with minimal spills, as Jo doubled over laughing. Dean just rolled his eyes yet again as he waited for her to stop laughing enough to actually be able to speak to Castiel.
Dean started to stand, but was shocked when a hand on his shoulder pushed him down. Jody had reached across to stop him standing, and she currently had confusion and anger written on her face.
After a few minutes Castiel finally raised his head and dropped his hand, letting out a long breath. He glanced over at Dean, who was comforted to note that his eyes were back to their normal blue shade.
“You have nothing to apologise for.” Castiel spoke again, glancing at Dean. “Do you remember what I told you yesterday?”
“How do you make things sound so formal?” Dean questioned, though it seemed mostly to himself. “I- yeah, I’d like that. We can do that.”
“Sure, sure.” Gabriel grinned, waving him off as Dean helped him up. “Someone has to bring me sweets in jail, I suppose.”
And last, if you are struggling with anything, depression, anxiety, anything like that - there is never any shame in seeing a therapist and you may find you will feel so much better if you do, so just do it, please. It can be hard, it might take awhile, and it can be scary, and that is all okay. Once you find the right combination of therapy and/or medication, you feel like yourself again, and it really is possible to be happy.
“One of?” Castiel pulled back and stared at Dean, raising one eyebrow.
“Yeah.. Yeah, next time.” Dean replied breathily, watching as he pulled a bottle of astroglide from the bedside table.
Castiel told him, then seemed to hesitate. After a moment of searching Dean’s eyes, he sighed and leaned forward, to press his lips to Dean’s forehead in a gentle kiss. He lingered slightly longer than could be considered normal, then leaned back to meet Dean’s confused expression. Castiel smiled lightly, another tear slipping free at the same time.
“Oh, Sam? Do you know where my beads are?”
“Of course.” Charlie took the documents and tucked them away in her bag, before leaning over Michael to take control of the laptop. As she typed, Michael’s face paled. “Just in case you had any ideas to not return Cas’ money, I’ll just sort that out for you. Okay? Okay.”
“What? No, no it’s not-“ Dean stopped, noticing the look Sam was giving him.
Dean had nothing to say to that, shocked into silence. If what Castiel was saying was true, that meant that upper management had stepped in and threatened his job. Dean frowned as he wondered – then he remembered the last time that he had tried to talk to Castiel and been interrupted.
“Seriously?” Dean asked, his eyebrows shooting up. “Let’s discuss the second part in private… but she’s seriously going to jail?”
“Shut the fuck up would ya.” Dean snapped at him, then started sucking a mark roughly into Castiel’s neck.
Castiel smiled back, this time accepting Dean’s assistance as he leaned on the man, relying on his support to trudge slowly over to the elevator. They had spent almost a week at the hospital, during which Dean had never left his side. He had worried about the cost, at first, until Dean had assured him somebody else was footing the bill. He wouldn’t say who, though, which was concerning him somewhat.
”I’m sure I gave you your fair share, man, don’t worry ‘bout it.” Dean chuckled once he calmed down.
“Are you okay, Dean?”
It goes without saying, but don’t try that last bit at home. Anal tears aren’t fun. >_<
Blinking in surprise, Dean looked up at the man. He hadn’t realised how late it had gotten, but the clock on the wall showed it was past ten. Jo had long gone home, telling Bobby to call her if anything turned up. Sam was passed out on the couch, snoring softly with his feet hanging off the edge. Kevin had laid out a sleeping bag on the floor and was face-down, sleeping silently.
Dean hummed quietly to himself as he moved bacon around the pan on the stove, the scent of sizzling bacon making his stomach rumble. He glanced over at the coffee machine, nodding to himself as he saw the pot had filled with the fresh batch he’d put on ten minutes ago.
“Dean.”
“…I’m sorry, Cas.” Dean looked down again, feeling guilty, but also shocked that Castiel had quit over him and what had happened.
“Okay. So talk to me, then. Whatever’s on your mind, just tell me.”
Mercifully, that was the exact moment his phone decided to ring – both men stepped back in surprise as ‘Heat of the moment’ started blaring from Dean’s phone. With an apologetic look to Castiel, Dean answered.
Dean rummaged through the bag for a few minutes – it held his phone, his notebook, his wallet – It looked like pretty much everything he’d had on him that night was in the bag - and thankfully, his mala beads. He sighed as he slipped them back onto his wrist, the familiar weight comforting. He didn’t miss the look that Sam had on his face though, that simmering anger again, and he frowned.
“Oh my god, you punched him for that?” The woman rolled her eyes mockingly, and Dean went from uncertain to immediate dislike of this woman. And her kid, for that matter, who was standing behind her with a smirk. “Don’t you know that just means he likes you?”
“Alright, you two. Time for bed.” Bobby grunted quietly, walking over to where Dean and Charlie were hunched over a map.
The feeling as Dean slipped the ring onto his finger was indescribable. It was more than a physical feeling, it was his heart exploding with love. There was a moment of silence, again, before finally-
Castiel groaned as he came back to consciousness, for the third time. As he cracked his eyes open, his first action was to glance at the window - it was dark outside now, and he felt the first relief he had in hours. Dark meant night, and night meant sleep, hopefully. He glanced around, mercifully finding himself alone. It appeared Uriel would give him a chance to rest before starting the torture again.
“Cas, Cas, please, need you now... Please, Cas....” Dean begged in a shattered voice, hips trying to push back against Cas’ fingers in desperation.
Dean sat at the table, head down, just staring at the phone in his hands. He felt... numb. Like he should be doing something, saying something, but he couldn’t force himself to do so much as move.
“Exactly.” This time Sam gave him a warning look, one that said don’t-you-dare-argue-this.
Dean dropped his eyes then. Oh, he remembered. But he didn’t particularly want to. He was always more violent with Cas than he was with anyone else, excepting Sam. It was something he hadn’t wrapped his head around, hadn’t tried, hadn’t wanted to. The why of it.
Castiel huffed a small laugh in response, relinquishing his nipples in favour of tugging at Dean’s shorts, his mouth following a trail with hard nips and gentle sucks toward his target. Dean gasped as he realised where the man was heading, his hands shooting up to tangle in the dark, messy hair.
Only for a short, brown haired man with champagne eyes to fall straight into him and knock them both to the ground.
Castiel just frowned at him, not understanding. He thought it was quite understanding of Michael to have let him off the hook the way he did. And, after all, he had spent the money on this place knowing that he wasn’t going to run the business, so it was only fair that he pay it back. Wasn’t it? And Michael wasn’t controlling him, just.. making sure he didn’t tarnish the family name, he supposed. The look on Dean’s face, however, and his next words, planted the first seeds of doubt.
“Good. That’s very good, Dean.” Castiel answered, and Dean let out a soft sigh, glad he had answered correctly. “Tell me; do you know what happened, before? Can you talk about it?”
“Oh, yes, I forgot I asked her to retrieve this for me,” Castiel noted as he laid his parents’ will on the table.
“Did you jump?” Castiel asked quietly.
Cold fear flooded through him as he felt his back foot slip on the edge of the platform. He reached out to grab something, anything, to stabilise himself and stop him falling over the edge – but of course there was nothing there, because he had picked the one spot with no barrier. All he could think as he started to fall backwards was how disappointed Sam would be.
