"Worse, among them they have Asgardians, with powerful tech." Tony winced. "I guess that if magic is science we don't understand, what they have is magic. There could even be other alien involvement. If so, we are definitely not ready. And we're vulnerable here. The tower's an obvious target. We need to move."
Tony was just pouring himself a second glass of brandy when Steve arrived and came to lean companionably beside him against the side of the truck.
He nodded.
Tony nodded. "Yes."
Finding him first was likely to be more problematic.
"Don't be too sure of that."
Tony curled in on himself, trying to control his thoughts, his breathing, his heart rate, the cold fear that gripped him.
Steve heard harsh breathing, then a voice, much higher pitched than the Hulk's usual growl, saying, "Giant Cap help Hulk?"
The first thing he was aware of after the cold and empty dark was that his whole body was shaking and shivering, in retreat from a sense of losing something profoundly important. Something that had been snatched away from him when it was just within reach.
"General Fury?"
"They can subpoena you. And don't tell you'd lie under oath in court because I know better."
Steve didn't have the option of running.
"They said AFOSI."
Steve shrugged. "Before the serum, women didn't want to date me and I wasn't the sort to pay for it, even if I could have afforded to. After the serum – well, by then I'd met the only woman I wanted to spend my life with. I'd plenty of opportunity when I was with the USO – but that would have betrayed what I felt for her."
Wind clutched at them. Jan was still hanging onto him, her head buried in his chest, and he was forced to put his free arm around her. Turning his head towards the front of the plane he saw Shuri and Betty, each with one hand hanging on to a handrail, the other holding the parachute harness, lift the prisoner between them, and fling him through the open hatch—
There was no reply.
Inwardly, Tony groaned. As if he needed another worry. Plainly, here was yet another organisation looking for its own super-soldiers.
But Hank hesitated. "Steve...?"
"You were careful not to mention which birthday party you were celebrating when the helicarrier went down," he said. "Just how old are you?"
"You've just flown four thousand miles," Iron Man's voice said. "And you're not checked out on them – not that they're difficult – but nope. Not now, anyway. Ah, there they are." A trio of SUVs with the Stark Energy logo on their sides came swinging in through the hangar doors and drew to a halt where Iron Man was standing. Robots were already unloading the luggage from the jet's hold.
He'd told Rhodey it was a rain check. "Postponed but, yeah. I was going to call you this morning, but something came up."
There was a dark shadow in the spa. Someone – a body? – was floating face down in the still water.
"Not possible, Colonel." The man who answered was tall and wide-shouldered, but he wore his too-expensive black suit and designer sunglasses so unhappily that Steve knew he would be happier in any other clothes. Possibly jeans and a tee? Or maybe uniform? Battledress?
"One hundred and twenty-two minutes ago I became aware that the number of SHIELD agents watching the tower had been increased from the standard two to twenty-three and that they had been supplemented by what appears to be an unidentified army unit," Jarvis stated. "So far they have not attempted to enter or to interfere with visitors or staff. When it was plain you were not ready to handle the matter, I alerted Ms Van Dyne, or rather, the Wasp. She is reconnoitering."
"Hey," Tony said, after giving them both a decent amount of time to enjoy the kiss. He tapped Steve's arms with his fists. "Let go. C'mon, Cappuccino. Sooner we get this done, sooner we can sleep."
Then a voice – he thought it was White Wolf's – barked what was unmistakably an order in an unknown language.
After a minute or so, he rolled onto his back and lay still, exhausted with the effort.
"Why are you here?" he asked in as near a normal voice as he could manage.
"Perhaps. Are you afraid I will attempt take the three Stones you carry from you? No, Mr Stark, the Time Stone is already too much of a burden. I do not envy you."
Fury had taken over the tiny office of the New York SHIELD co-ordinator. The whole operation, which normally had around thirty staff, was now accommodating a couple of hundred, all busy yelling into their phones or tapping frantically on the screens of their smart phones.
"No," Steve said. "The Leviathans crash-landed and the Chitauri troops collapsed before I gave the order to close the portal – it was how we knew Tony – Iron Man – had succeeded."
"Yes. From our real job. The Avengers were created as a response team to an alien threat."
"His name hasn't come up," Natasha replied. "The same can't be said of the Air Force Chief of Staff: he's part of the Pentagon cabal who're out to take you down and get their hands on Steve."
"Iron Man?" he said into his com-link. "Gonna need your help."
"Where's Steve?"
"Tony? Tony!" The voice was familiar and close at hand, and there was a hand on his shoulder. It shook him gently.
He dismissed such thoughts as unimportant right now. What counted was survival. He was cold, but not as cold as he might have expected. And hungry. Ravenous, in fact. His injuries were painful but not unbearable, though they might become infected through contact with the estuary water.
"You really think I could be Director of SHIELD?" Pepper was suddenly breathless.
Betty was frowning. "If you didn't know who I was how can you be sure who my father is? And so confident he had nothing to do with your powers?"
"Is that our target?" Steve asked.
"And if he's not conscious he can't tell them," said Clint, nodding.
Yogthulu's head moved from side to side, its massive pincers stirring the air less than a foot from Tony's face. He heard the armour clank behind him so Steve was moving it by sheer muscle power. Somehow, without looking, Tony knew he had halted just behind his right shoulder. Clea, an expression of determination on her face, stood a couple of feet away. Jean, she informed him telepathically, was rising into the air at their backs.
Tony had made damn sure that salary kept growing. She also owned a good deal of Stark Industries stock, and he intended her for the board just as soon as he could wrangle it.
"It is a deadly poison to everyone else."
"Two would be enough," Steve said, even as he felt the Wasp lift away from his shoulder.
"Shhh. Go to sleep."
"Unless they also wish to waste time and energy fighting the winds I would suggest the calm at the centre, where they are also protected from any attack."
"You wouldn't believe me if I told you. And I'd rather Fury didn't know, at least for the moment, that I'm back. Will you do that for me?"
The glare did not lessen. "Really? The quantum bridge."
"None of your fetishes are secret from me, Tony."
"And me and my own team. Which, considering who they are, means that I need to get to the Tower right now and find myself some clean underwear."
Tony snorted. "Pepper would tell you she wasn't anyone's 'girl'. She certainly isn't mine any longer. Nor Stark Industries CEO." He waved his hands wildly, spilling whisky on his worn jeans, the floor and Steve, but not appearing to notice. "In fact, she isn't anything to do with it... me... us. Not anymore."
Danvers strode across the tarmac, heat haze rising about her like the foam around Aphrodite, as if she owned the world. Steve, at her heels, his face carefully expressionless, could only admire her
"But we haven't even got a teleport," Hank wailed.
"That's
Tony had carefully laced their fingers together, tugging gently at Steve's hand.
"Does Jarvis have standing instructions about when to panic?"
Steve smiled at him, "Thank you, Happy." The shield felt good in his hands, comforting and familiar. Equally familiar, though, was the prickle of awareness, of unease. Since the serum, that instinct for danger had seldom let him down.
His hand struck something, which moved away from him. He stopped, bringing his body upright to tread water – and his feet hit bottom. His ankles were tangled in something, but when he stood up the water only came halfway up his chest. A step forward and he could grasp the broken branch, floating in the water, which was undoubtedly what he had hit.
Only the tiny green figure leaped into the air at a speed impossible to follow. There was a sharp cracking noise, followed almost immediately by the appearance of a small hole in the wall – not Hulk shaped, Steve was relieved to note.
"Never mind that now," he said, reaching for a towel and pushing it into Steve's hands. "Dry yourself off. I'll go check what food we have."
you for it. It was just sex," he repeated.
"Will Thor detect a glamour?" the Ancient One asked.
So just how far did Tony and Jan really trust Betty Ross?
Oh, he was going to have words with Captain Rogers.
Tony thought, with a growing feeling of relief and amusement.
By all logic, the fugitive knew, he ought to be heading into the city, where it would be possible for him to buy clothes – and shoes, he really needed shoes – and to find somewhere to hole up and consider his options.
Hank was going to murder him. Not that he wouldn't deserve it, but he still had far too much to do...
"Bit scorched," Steve said, blinking in the blinding light of the ARC reactor and the repulsors, trying to mask the fact that he was shaking with relief.
"I've killed assassins before." The man's hands, large and calloused, spread wide. "But everyone's in debt to you right now, including me. That makes me twitchy. So I'm out to pay off as much debt as possible."
It was enough, though. The vehicle cleared the roofless walls and rubble by a totally adequate three inches, allowing Tony to turn it in a wide circle. He scanned the compound-turned-battlefield thanking (problematic) deities for the white suit that identified Steve in the gloom. To Tony's profound relief, he was still on his feet and fighting.
He should have been excited about her being here, had been excited about the private movie party to come, but his father's announcement had left him feeling flat and empty.
"Miranda has answered, sir."
It was something from memory, though, because there was an occasional discordant note, a fluff that somehow made it even more endearing. Steve guessed that it was something that, if he hadn't skipped the last seventy years, he would have recognised.
"If there wasn't a government program," Jan said, "and I don't see how there could have been because those things cost a bundle – more than you can hide under today's level of research appropriations – then it must have been bought from an outside supplier. And the ones we know about are years behind NASA itself."
There was a long silence. Finally, "It may have been me," Tony said, his voice choked.
Tony stilled, but his grip on Steve did not slacken. "And if I am?"
"Positive. Call him and ask."
"Then, back home, yeah, I was affected by what had happened, but I had Pepper and Rhodey and, above all, my work – and the prospect of revenge.
Steve leaned over his shoulder. "It's been wiped?"
Panic gripped him. As his feet hit mud, he kicked out frantically, arms and legs flailing in desperate attempt to reach the surface.
"Get out of here! The gas—" Tony struggled to his feet, with outside assistance that he presumed was Bruce. And where was Steve anyway?
There was no answer from Steve.
At least half the bulbs had blown some time in the past, so the place was only intermittently lit.
Steve threw White Wolf's gun to Tony who caught it in midair with his right hand while pulling the yoke back with his left and stamping down on the left hand pedal.
them?" Tony asked sharply.
"Hi, Pep," he said brightly. "Just checking that you got my message, and asking that you get me the names of the PR people I got out of bed last night."
"We went on a few dates. She's my friend, and a member of team Iron Man. But she really wants to be a SHIELD agent—"
Behind the afterimages, Steve saw the helicopter thrown across the sky by the repulsors, saw the beam projector on its belly exposed, and the missile, accompanied by the glowing fireflies of the Jericho weapon, strike the projector.
"Well," Hill said, with total composure, "I suppose there are comparisons between New York and Anhk-Morpork, but I see a distinct lack of wizards here, Stark. Unless that's how several of these things came to vanish." She put her head on one side and eyed him dangerously. "Director Fury wondered if you could ... explain ... that."
"My money's on Nat."
"And Captain America? Is he still in Stark Tower? Or has he 'evaded surveillance' too?"
"Scanning isn't violating anything. At least, not if it's undetectable. Let's do it. And start breaking through their firewalls. Mentions of 'vibranium' or, of course, me."
" he added as Steve kissed them. "I won't have it, Steve. I'm a middle-aged ex-arms manufacturer with a machine in my chest keeping my body alive. I've wasted most of my life and now I'm on borrowed time. You're young and talented and a hero and so many things I'm not, and you haven't had the chance to live: depression era slum kid, impoverished student, soldier in wartime, man out of time with PTSD, mourning his past. So..." He slid his fingers sideways to stroke Steve's cheek, ruffling the short beard. "Promise me."
"I said 'a rain check' not a cancellation," Tony protested. "You can't get involved, Rhodey. Neither can Pep."
Tony looked sternly at Steve. "I take it there isn't pizza?"
Steve was still trying to recover as Thor leaped down and tossed his reins to Sif, before reaching up to Steve, who slid down into his friend's waiting hands. Even then, his legs almost gave way under him.
"What is Thor's reaction likely to be when a second hammer arrives," she asked now. "Will he be able to trace it here?"
Steve took over the cooking, at first groping his way through the small selection of recipe books available but then showing increasing skill. That must have been something he had learned before the ice, like his ability to swim like a fish or to drive the SUV down the disused forest tracks at speed. He certainly could not have learned to play the video games to which Tony had introduced him, but his extraordinary reflexes and obviously high intelligence gave him advantages that Tony had to stretch his own long-term skills to their limits to counter.
While most of the warriors ignored them, others fell in with their escort as it moved forward in formation towards the gates leading to the outer compound, which were already topped by warriors armed with bow and spear. The lack of guns bothered him for reasons he could not immediately identify. His first act in defending a place like this would have been to place snipers on the walls and he was sure that White Wolf would be just as tactically aware.
For a while they followed a gravelled track at a slow pace, Tony looking to his left, then he turned suddenly, making Steve grab for a handhold. They bucketed across rough pasture, where the only sign of a track was some crushed and flattened grass which disappeared into a line of trees.
"I had hoped," Tony went on, "that we were, if not friends, at least team-mates."
Iron Man hovered in the air above the mist that lay over the cemetery, the tops of the monuments standing like rocks in a white lake. Captain America stood on his right boot, an arm around his shoulders, feeling slightly light headed.
"Already done, Steve."
"No, for the Financial District," Iron Man shot back. "And that means I can't shoot it down—"
Tony took the wheel and they left the airport with only a perfunctory check of their papers. And then it was Tony who broke the silence, picking up almost exactly where he had left off hours before. "So, you and Pepper. You got on okay?"
"We notified the Colonel an' he's supposed to be bringing in a replacement workforce," one of the men offered.
Hunter was yelling something in Wakandan, and the Hatut Zeraze responded so the air was filled with arrows and spears, which Jarvis, who was certainly running the suit, ignored. The explosions wouldn't even dent the armour, but those tipped with vibranium steel...
"I am Iron Man."
or at least cast someone other than Leo as Abagnale, because then no-one would have noticed how easy it was to be a pilot when you weren't, and the airlines wouldn't have tightened their internal checks and I wouldn't have had to be so free with the bribes. C'mon, let me do the eyebrows. Please? I've watched Pep often enough."
"Remember to hack the alarm. We don't want to wake anyone," Steve said as he leaped down to land lightly amid the plant containers on the roof terrace outside Tony's suite. He was already reaching for the handle of the French doors when Tony's urgent voice snapped over his earbud, "Cap! Wait!"
It seemed to be enough. The Wakandan warrior lifted his spear and stepped aside as T'Challa ploughed past him, Tony still in tow.
He turned back; Steve was leaning on one elbow, looking at him rather fuzzily.
Ignoring both touch and words, though that was becoming harder and harder, Tony said, "That fucking serum doesn't make you invulnerable. Thought I told you not to throw yourself on the wire for me again."
"Still alive. He's under constant guard by my sisters of the Dora Milaje – who still do not entirely believe that T'Challa gave me permission to speak in a language other than Hausa and to non-Wakandans at all. It has not gone down well with the Council either. Luckily, they don't know about Pym."
And the SUV and the men lying around it – vanished.
It was Fury whose voice they heard first. "Captain America was dead, in every sense."
"Anthony." Both of them jumped at Howard's voice. "I need a word with you in private. Steve, I'll be back in a few minutes. Meanwhile, can you manage on your own?"
For over ten years it had been his sanctuary from people – somewhere he had total control over who he saw or spoke to, a retreat where he could lock everyone out, even Pepper. Sure, Pepper, Rhodey and Obie (damn his black soul) had all spent nights in the guest rooms, and there had been a long succession of women, few of whom he could remember, sharing his bed, but they had never been there long enough to disturb the peace of what had always been his safe place
"He's made
"Whether it is or it isn't doesn't matter," Bruce answered; "the
"You are not of this dimension."
He certainly hadn't been capable of undressing himself, so Steve must have done it... and he wasn't sure, right at this minute whether he was annoyed about that or the fact that Steve had left him his boxers, which sorta diminished the hotness and he shouldn't be thinking that being undressed by Captain America was hot, even if he hadn't woken up—
Right now Sam was out looking for Bucky, proving his loyalty. When they found Buck – if they were still alive to find him, which was in doubt with Ultron on the loose – he would have the basis for a new group, one that came with much more comfortable – acceptable – feelings...
It was the man from the flying sail ship; Tony refrained from asking him where he was keeping Puff the Magic Dragon on the principle that, in the circumstances, he might just produce him. Instead, he raised the faceplate and the armour's force shields at the same moment so that the warrior could see his face without compromising his own safety.
"Possibly the most exclusive restaurant in the world. Nearly-as-rich-as-me guy I know hired a five Michelin starred chef and most of her staff to cook for him personally, but she only came on condition that she was allowed to keep her sous chefs and apprentices, and to run a small exclusive restaurant for them to keep their hands in. Rich guy lives up top, the restaurant's below. There are also four private dining rooms that were leased to friends of the owner. Mine is available to other people – at a huge cost – if I'm not in California. But if I am here, I have priority, whether someone else has tried to reserve it or not. I rang Miranda this morning and told her we'd be here around two. And we're on time." Tony steered the Ferrari down a short tunnel and into a cleft in hillside which had been roofed in some transparent material and park in a wide space with a discreet plaque marked AES. "Come along. Miranda hates for the food to be kept waiting."
"Of course not. I told you yesterday: I'm finished with Fury, with SHIELD, but ..." The anger died away as suddenly as it had come, or perhaps he had gotten himself under control. Now he just looked weary. "But SHIELD found me, thawed me out, staked me, gave me a mission..." He shook his head. "It's difficult to let that go. Dang it, they own the apartment where I've been living, even the clothes I stand up in. Maybe they do have a right to think they own me."
"Where he was seriously injured, acquired that damn device in his chest, was tortured, saw the man who saved his life killed..."
"I'm fine," Steve said. "Tony will be when he gets some sleep."
"Do you have... prisoners?"
Climbing carefully to his feet, he staggered over to the wet room Pepper had insisted he install, shedding his clothes as he went.
"And thank you for supporting me in there."
"I'm gonna introduce you to Thor Odinson, so you can compare notes about fraternal treachery," Tony told him. "Loki's his adopted brother too."
"I have evidence, Pep."
"We cannot use it while we are still moving."
"Magic?" Thor asked.
"Your father?" Steve asked Betty, who nodded. "Is he why you're here?"
"Yes, but I don't see..."
Tony sat, on the nearest surface, which was the edge of the bed, but his mind was elsewhere, imagining his friends on Jan's private plane, sitting on the tarmac in the middle of nowhere under the blazing African sun, waiting for something... anything... to give them a chance to help. Bruce would endure that patiently. Hank would lose himself in the math of his latest project. But Jan would have fretted and paced and driven them both mad, just as he would have done.
And got that wide smile that was so unlike the plastered-on grin of the propaganda films. "Just a Brooklyn kid from the '40s."
Steve glanced sideways at the long green cloak lying on the bed and said, "Are you trying to disguise me as Fandral?"
Dragging himself onto the mud, he found himself crawling over a dead body. He jerked back from the shattered torso, as his stomach finally rebelling and emptying itself over the corpse. Though it seemed to have little in it but water.
Tony hit the Penthouse button.
"When I was captured by the Ten Rings," Tony ploughed on, ignoring the protest because he was pretty sure Steve didn't really mean it, "one of the tortures they used to try and force me to build weapons for them was to hold my head under water."
They were followed by a thunderous crash as the released waves pounded into the base of the cliff. A little water leaked under the door, but it held easily.
Was this landslip as convenient as that blocking the valley mouth? And why had the track led here?
"An accident of genetics," Natasha said.
"Then c'm here."
"Tony," he said reluctantly. "If you aren't trying to seduce me, I think you'd better back off a tad."
Clea blasted the Doombot's head into smithereens, but it was too late.
No, this was the Natasha he had first met, red curls falling about her shoulders, her face younger and deceptively serene.
"Well?" The Panther asked sharply, plainly wavering between suspicion and eagerness.
But he didn't think he would find peace.
"Hold it!"
It seemed like an ideal opportunity for a weapons test. "Hawkeye, remember those new explosive arrows I told you to be careful with. Now might be the time to use them."
"Oh, one of Hank's cronies." Tony hoped he had managed the right dismissive note. "That can wait. I need to shower, change and get the Bots working on new armour. Nat, Barton, I suggest you do the same. Well, not the working on the armour, obviously. Thor, I'll show you to your apartment. Unless gods don't need to bathe or sleep."
It was a warning.
When Thor had gone, Tony put a couple of shots of brandy in a big mug of black coffee and sugared it heavily, then made his way back to the master bedroom where he sat watching Steve sleep, sipping at the alcohol-laced coffee and trying to decide what he should do.
Except that his right back and side were a mass of bruises, black and yellow with red-brown streaks of newly-formed scabs.
"You are distracted, your Excellency," Clea interrupted. There were beads of sweat on her forehead and, though the glow of the necklet had faded a little, she was still plainly in pain. "Once you have mastered the artefact, Stark will do your will."
Rhodey, in full War Machine armour, was standing ready to assist if something went wrong – he had, he had said, seen Tony's prototypes in operation before, thank you.
"Pretty please. I need to keep him sweet for when I make my application to join SHIELD."
His Van Dyke, now neatly trimmed if a little short, was growing in properly, and he was delighted with it. Steve, on the other hand, continued to shave, though his head hair was now nearly two inches long and was looking untidy. Tony's urge to run his fingers through it grew stronger the longer it grew...
Part of him ached to call Pepper, have her come here, to comfort him with her familiarity.
But Jarvis was overriding him. "Ms Romanoff and Mr Barton are now crossing the lobby towards your private elevator. I instructed the security guards to let them through. I trust this meets with your approval?"
Steve may not have understood most of that, but he didn't argue. Even as he struggled into the suit, which didn't seem particularly heavily armoured, though he trusted Tony, he heard the thwump-thwump of a helicopter. Both men looked up to see it passing overhead, heading out into the bay.
"The organisation which imprisoned me?"
Tony waited for the next group to approach, and then beckoned them forward. Only one broke ranks in the rush back into the jungle – a middle-aged woman, short and portly, her hair elaborately dressed – and she ignored him and ran towards T'Challa.
Only before he'd gotten the top button undone, he saw oncoming headlights reflect from the rocks and scattered fragments of metal, which must have come from War Machine rather than the car.
"Yeah, sure, grows like weeds. Disguising you is a bit more difficult, but change into this uniform, and wear the hat and tinted specs at all times. Lucky your hair's so short now – if you apply this brown eyebrow pencil I stole from Pepper, no one will realise you're blond."
He wanted a partnership with Sam, but the other man seemed content to follow him without asking too many questions. Unlike Tony... and Thor, Bruce, Natasha and Clint, come to that?
"You can't be certain of that."
T'Challa chuckled. "I am. It is a great honour, sister." He held out a hand to Steve, who clasped it warmly. "I am overjoyed that the reports of your demise were greatly exaggerated."
"No you may not. I need to think. Give me some loud metal, Jarvis, and I don't want to hear from you unless less there's an immediate threat or Air Traffic Control needs me to re-route."
"It's problematic whether it ever was really alive at all," Tony said, "but if it was, it, like the Chitauri themselves, died or deactivated when I blew their station or ship or whatever it was to its component atoms. Or when the Black Widow closed the portal. I wasn't timing it." Couldn't, actually, as he'd been unconscious at the time.
That was good. They'd talk about that later. Now he'd just wait for the meds to take effect, then ask Steve to get him that promised coffee...
Hunter actually growled. "She is my sister. Little more than a child."
Pepper was chewing on her lower lip, a sure sign of her distress. "SHIELD's been keeping you alive, not trying to kill you."
"When Pepper arrived at the Tower she was trailing two SHIELD agents," Natasha explained. "Jarvis spotted them and Clint identified them. They would have been following the limo as it left, because they couldn't see Potts wasn't in it. Something has delayed them, hopefully not fatally." She pushed one of the gunmen with her toe, but he did not stir. "We'd better get out of here."
"You had your own followers," Steve pointed out.
There were definitely only two people – gods, whatever – on the beach, one taller than the other, both glowing white against the darkness of the cold Pacific as the wind-driven breakers rolled on and parted for them. The shorter of the two men had a hood thrown up against the weather, or to conceal his identity, but the other was unmistakeable.
Jean had sighed with disappointment, offered little in the way of explanation to Summers, kissed Steve and Tony – and Gene, to his obvious astonishment – on the cheek, waved goodbye and left with the spandex-brigade via Illyana's unreliable transport. Tony could only hope they had returned to Xavier's safely.
Even as he stared the armour flowed out from the arc reactor and embraced him. Though this was far more advanced, the look of it was close enough to the 2012 Iron Man armours to pass muster at a distance.
"God, what a mess," was Clint's opinion, when the explanations has been given, the briefing finished. Tony had somehow managed to push away his personal pain, and force himself back into a semblance of detachment.
"Nah. I'll just leave that to the top brass," Velasco said. "But I wanted to meet you anyways, Stark. No, not about offensive weapons – that isn't my responsibility – but about adapting your repulsor technology to move heavy loads for the engineering crews. Comes as near to anti-gravity as anything I've seen. And that demo just now makes it seem you've gotten full control of it."
"Does it matter?"
Two men came barrelling out of the pavilion and passed her on either side. One was carrying a gun that was all too familiar from encounters in Wakanda, the other – and he was tall and powerful, taller and more powerful than Steve, perhaps even as tall as Thor – was pulling a long bright sword from its scabbard.
That evil tasting coffee. Sure, Jan had made it, maybe, but he bet it had been Steve's idea to dose it with sedative, and if he hadn't already been so tired he'd have spotted that he was being distracted.
"This is all my fault," he said bitterly. "I thought I had an agreement with these people – plainly, I was wrong."
"I have a right to be angry. He... he deliberately committed suicide on the smallest of chances that I might live for a few more hours."
It was gone.
"I'm sure you're going to conspire against me, but I'm putting off letting you compare notes as long as possible, so—"
"I wonder if you and Tony will be able to help me check something out," one of the voices said. It was a vaguely familiar voice, but the pounding in his head was not helping him identify it.
Exaggerated by unwanted attraction.
"You owe us one, Stark. So do you, Rog— Stevens." Hawkeye followed her.
But Bruce drew back and gave Tony a stern look, which, of course, had no apparent effect. Indeed, Tony was on his toes and almost bouncing with excitement. "Got another present for you and Hank, kiddies. Steve, could you carry that crate for me – no, that one – and we'll go see our resident biochemical genius."
"Is that any way for the CEO to treat the Chairman, I ask you, Pepper? Particularly as he comes bearing specifications that are going please the board and earn us lots of lucrative contracts and even appease the military."
"Because I recognised them," Steve said tightly. "I'd seen them before – at SHIELD HQ."
There was a short silence, while Tony rubbed his face with his hands and tried to get his temper under control. What was more, in instructing Jarvis, he'd forgotten the most important command of all. "And, fuckit, trace Steve and Jan."
Shaking his head, Steve did the only decent thing he could do in these peculiar circumstances and followed the dance of light across the floor, until the doors of what appeared to be a private elevator opened to admit him. As he stepped inside and the doors slid silently shut, Steve thought to ask the question that he should have asked immediately: "Why call me? Miss Potts—"
"If what is causing this is physical, I will find it," the doctor said. "If not, then our friend here will have to apply her 'heal the spirit to heal the body' philosophy though it will be interesting to see her attempt it on an unconscious man."
Gritting his teeth, Tony put all his strength to the task. He was soon panting with the exertion, but half a dozen efforts opened the crack to maybe ten inches, and there it stuck.
Tony frowned to himself. The name was familiar. Someone else had mentioned it and not that long ago. Wait! "She was one of the crew of that nut Richards' backyard rocket that exploded in orbit," Tony said.
"Jarvis," he said, "I'll need some clothes."
"If I know all this already, you'd better get to your point, because I'm bored with this conversation."
"There are people in there," Tony said, after a short pause. "Jarvis is picking up life signs."
By the time the details had been finalised and the prisoners handed over in return for a signed document from Fury with the guarantees T'Challa needed, Wakandan engineers had entered the vibranium mines and located the projection device – or its remains. With T'Challa's permission, Tony packed the pieces carefully and had them loaded onto Jan's plane, in the hope that he and Hank and, with any luck, Erik Selvig, could make sense of them, and with promises of Wakandan help, if required.
Which had sort of led to him misleading Pepper, if not lying to her directly.
"She doesn't need to. Jay, check on a Twitter hashtag called 'herospot' for sightings of the War Machine armour in the hours before we were attacked. See if there are similar hashtags and check them too. Also, Facebook. There are bound to be dozens of pages tracking superheroes. See if you can plot War Machine's path and trace it back to source."
If she wanted to assume he only meant himself, she could do so. But he hoped she might share her feelings as he was sharing his.
There was a hiss of annoyance from Bruce, but Steve just said, "How many people were broken tonight because I just happened to live in that apartment block?"
The ice was accumulating in Tony's guts, grinding glacier-like along his nerves.
Tony had just finished disposing of Steve's clothes when the man in question padded into the living area, clad only in a towel.
Jean had raised herself on her elbows, which was more than Steve could do. "You are not Victor Von Doom," she said. "He's dead. He created you and others in his image and let you all believe you were the real Doom. But you aren't."
Carefully, he climbed out of bed and onto his two feet, clutching the headboard as the huge room began a slow spin.
As far as Tony recalled it had clouded over around midnight, but some of that cloud had been thin. However, he was surprised that even one person had been neither asleep nor parked in front of their television screens. "Anyone see a boy on a bicycle too? Everyone was as jumpy as hell that night. I'm surprised they didn't see everything from the Four Horsemen to the Millennium Falcon."
They'd learned to recognise his own snark long ago, but Pepper still chided him about antagonising the press corps. He could handle them as well as she did, but it was a chore he'd rather avoid.
The stars were still bright on what was presumably the western horizon but there was already a touch of light behind the high hills to the east – and was that a higher, isolated peak? He blinked, and there were only stars.
And the air was full of tiny, repulsor-missiles, the Jericho in all but name and size, swarming like fireflies towards the bear-dog thing which batted at them like a kitten trying to catch butterflies.
"I cannot." It was a soft growl, sexless, powerful, not in the least human. "You are not of the priestly house, not of the Panther tribe, not of Wakanda."
And the eagle prow twisted towards him, as lithe as it the thing were alive. Its eyes were red jewel, and fire burned in their depth. Its wicked beak opened, revealing a black tongue as it shrieked.
"Hank's experiments started because he's obsessed with trying to communicate with ants," Janet van Dyne had said, those months ago, over dinner in an exclusive Manhattan restaurant that was now rubble.
Bored, excluded, and deprived of the resources of both internet and gym, he had made his way out into the noonday sunshine, hoping to be able to at least run himself to exhaustion – but that wasn't possible in the confines of the valley.
Tony slumped, rubbing his hands over his face. For a moment there he had felt that all the profound exhilaration of working with the Avengers again. But now it was gone, and all the weight of the changed situation lay on him. Because he had sent them away. For their own good.
There was a sharp crack, which Steve instantly recognised as a detonator. He half turned, to see a wall of flame bellowing towards him.
"I'm just scraped and a bit bruised," Steve protested.
"Jarvis?" Steve said sharply. "Is—"
"Great." That meant that the version of Jarvis downloaded into the suit was strictly limited until he could exchange information with his main servers. Tony peered into the darkness. "Anything on sonar?"
was Tony's thought. Instead of voicing it, he inclined his head towards the sword. "Some weapon. What's it made of?"
"Sir, Ms Potts left a message—"
Despite his care, he must have made some sort of noise, for the black clad figure disassembling what looked like a futuristic shotgun looked towards him, thrust the weapon haphazardly into a canvas bag, grabbed it, and fled across the roof.
"Anything I need to know, Jarvis?" he asked, with his mouth full, knowing the AI could pick out his voice amid the babble.
Because that was how SHIELD was playing this now. Of course, the World Security Council, the governments they represented and therefore, presumably, SHIELD wouldn't want anyone to know they'd been ready and willing to nuke New York.
Unable to find controls anywhere outside the spur tunnel, they left the 'door' open and went to find the others.
"I didn't..." Steve gasped, "have the right... to be angry... or jealous.... then...."
Steve's eyes were closed, and when Tony lifted an eyelid, the eye inside stared sightlessly back at him. He felt desperately for a pulse, but there was no movement under his fingers.
He could see the haze over LA now, below and to his left, and he adjusted his course slightly to swing out over the Pacific. He had timed it just right: the sun was sinking low, laying down dazzling light on the waves.
He supposed he did too. "We've had our own problems with a faction in the Pentagon," he said carefully.
The silence stretched. It was Steve who broke it. "So where
"I may be completely wrong. So much has changed over the last seventy years – but I was in England a while during the war, and the address is like nothing I ever heard or saw there."
It was only when they were nursing a second helping in tiny leather tots that the Panther began to speak. "One day, perhaps, you will hear the full history of Wakanda's past, but, for the moment, all you need to know of that is that we are hidden by the power of the Panther god and his... high priests... for one important reason: in the heart of this mountain lies a vast lode of pure vibranium."
"Can we talk here?" Steve asked.
He tumbled naked into bed, and was asleep immediately.
Yogthulu jerked backwards
"I may try something new. Jarvis, will you put up a menu for me?"
"Sourced from here in the USA," Pepper's voice interrupted him, rising on a note of near desperation.
"So how did you find out about the gas?" Fury demanded.
"—pterathopter—" Tony corrected, but he too was wary.
"Yeah. It's bad," Tony admitted. He kissed Steve's cheek, in what he hoped was a gesture of comfort. "But you can't change human nature or social structures easily. Even though power never attracts moral people, we've made progress."
There was no weight. The abyss was gone. So were the wind and the snow and the thunder of the train. He couldn't see Bucky, couldn't see anything, but both his hands were now being held, and he lay face downwards, on something soft.
Damn the man's iron control. Tony's eyes only had to drop a little to know how much will power those three words had taken.
"From Dad? Not likely. But I can try to find out where he is and what he's up to. Oh, I won't do it directly," she added, as Jan and Tony both started to protest, "but I still have contacts in the Army and at the Pentagon, friends I grew up with."
"They detected you last time," Steve pointed out.
Behind the faceplate, Tony's smile was grim. "I won't need to, thanks to T'Challa." He triggered the boot jets and flashed westward and southward. Not that he'd any intention of destroying the portal, or, at least, not until he'd seen what lay on the other side.
"The light from the ARC reactor stops Pepper sleeping."
"Just so, Captain. However, Ms Potts wishes to speak with you. She is in her office."
Steve thought. It was not a comforting idea.
"The Panther God must have cancelled his magics, whatever they were," Tony said.
A doctor – not Strange – was said to be on their way, though no one would tell them from where.
This was Tony, and Tony's favourite tactic was...
Steve, white-faced and terrified, shook him so hard Tony's jaw set in an obvious attempt to stop his teeth rattling. "What the
"For you, perhaps," Steve replied. "We may need umpires. In which case, you have Natasha and I have Tony. Fair?"
Bruce sighed. "That's what he said."
AWOL for like for seventy years? And officially declared dead. Produce his birth certificate, Colonel, and I'll match it with the official declaration of his death from the Chief of the Casualty Branch. I'm sure Dad must have kept it somewhere.
"Recalibrate."
He slid his right hand across to his left wrist, careful not to disturb the blanket. He could just disappear into the Quantum Realm and—
"I'll courier the samples over to Hank right now. He works the same sort of hours you do. And after you eat, you might look in and see if Steve's asleep. If he isn't he'll probably be glad to see you. I did my best, using all my fatherly experience—"
"Then I'll start with how White Wolf got his filthy hands on T'Challa and, incidentally, me."
It occurred to him that Nat would have known that Pepper had facilitated her employment at SI and would therefore have speculated, even if she hadn't been told, that Pepper had been working with SHIELD. If so, why hadn't Natasha warned him?
But it was just a dream. Not a flashback but an ordinary nightmare.
"I wouldn't be too sure about that," Tony said.
Tony had been so surprised that he could cook that Steve wondered what he thought people ate in the thirties – probably that Steve had been in line at the soup kitchens all the time – but his mother had always had a job and as soon as he could hold a mop or a knife he had earned extra money in Brooklyn eateries. Of course it had been mainly washing up and chopping vegetables, but he had kept his eyes open and added to his basic home-cooking knowledge by observation.
Tony's stomach was churning as he watched the limo come slowly down the ramp into the Tower's private garage. He had not spoken to Pepper since their break up, but he wasn't able – or, indeed, did not want – to avoid the scheduled Stark Industries Board meeting.
"Yes. Well guarded. We... or rather my mother, and I would not argue with her on this... believes it is not of the Nine Worlds, but will not say what she thinks it is to anyone but my father. All she will tell me is that it could pose a threat to the universe, perhaps to all the universes."
"Never heard of them," Tony responded, because he hadn't, and he thought he knew just about every acronym the military had come up with. Which was a lot.
In panic, Steve looked back just in time to see the Hulk lift Tony from the floor, a massive hand grasping so much of his t-shirt that Tony was gasping for breath from that constriction alone.
Tony made a cutting motion with one hand that he knew Jarvis would pick up and the line went dead. "Steve?" It was lucky, he thought, that Cap was sitting down right now, because he looked almost as if he was about to faint. Indeed, Bruce had risen to his feet and moved quickly to his side.
"It's certainly above your pay grade," Danvers admitted. "Above mine, as it happens. I should report this to the Secretary."
"Open the doors, Jarvis," he ordered, and dived towards the dark hole that opened in the cliff face below the house, the transporter units lining up to follow him.
"What they need is a helicopter," Jan decided. "If possible an amphibious one and even better if it's been used for air-sea rescue. There's a guy in Norfolk hires out retired Sikorsky Pelicans for marine research and oceanography. If necessary we can get a pilot for them too. You can leave getting both of them to me, Cap. But you'd better talk to Barton and Romanoff."
Natasha frowned at him. "What about Potts?"
Tony, even if he'd ever had the right to think of Tony as his—
A warrior – the one who had thrown his spear at Tony, presumably – had just landed only feet away, blade in hand.
"Carol? Thought you were..." There was a noticeable pause. "...back east."
"Hank!" Jan was exasperated. "What have I told you about keeping your ant colonies confined to their tanks?"
I thought Dad had created a new element, but suppose he had analysed it instead? I really need a good look at Cap's shield.
"Yes. Some time ago. He isn't like Tony. Being a hero isn't a necessity for him – just taking care of me. He thinks I'm wonderful."
The hands withdrew, and Tony whimpered in frustration, but there was the sound of a zip, a mutter of impatience from behind him, then a finger rimmed and penetrated, cool with lube...
"None." The word was reluctantly bitten out.
Iron Man somersaulted and shot back through the hatch.
He didn't want to kill, because no one – with the exception of one of the would-be kidnappers' own – had actually been hurt so far, and this was going to be difficult to explain to the police in any event, but he had to disarm and disable them quickly, or the other two would be gone with the woman, so he couldn't be particularly gentle.
"I am sorry, Ms Potts. I am afraid that is not possible," Jarvis answered, before Tony could recover his wits.
"Tell him," Tony said, letting his eyelids fall.
Steve ran forward onto the terrace to watch the bright dots of light that marked his flight.
T'Challa's mouth twisted. "It's a decision I have to make as the ruler of Wakanda and not as the brother of Shuri," he said. "And, thank you, Black Widow, but I cannot place Wakanda in SHIELD's debt so soon after their incursions."
"If I knew that, what we do next would be a lot simpler," Steve admitted.
The nearest car door clicked as it opened. Cold metal hands slid under Steve's body.
Tony groaned, and laid the tablet aside. "That's what Gene – the guy who sent it to me – thought. He was wrong. Not for the first time, either."
"Ah," Maria said, as if in revelation. "Of course, you were an artist."
There was a pause while Jarvis, who operated in nano-seconds, contemplated the pun. "At once, sir," he said, finally.
"A commission interview. A kindergarten wanted some murals painted, and that, at least, is something I'm qualified to do, so..." He shrugged. "If the police have my bike they must be puzzled by the drawings I'd done."
"Lieutenant Storm have any suggestions?" Steve asked, snatching back control of the conversation and wishing very hard that Tony was here.
In the event, he didn't bother. There were several sets of unidentified fingerprints on the letter, but the real surprise was the envelope, which only boasted a single set, different from those on the letter itself.
Steve noted.
"I repeat: why?"
Because the mind and emotion was the Steve he knew but something, perhaps 'soul' after all, was too large and complex for any human, even for Steve.
"How much protection and firepower does this give you compared with the normal suit?"
Tony grimaced. "I did. But that went dark a few days ago, probably disabled by accident by engineers Rhodey let fiddle with the suit. Unless it was Valesco... I had an upgrade prepared, but then Rhodey and I had words." He shrugged.
"Then let me talk to Howard. Howard?"
Steve frowned. "What?"
She was on her way back, an offer from Toyota in her briefcase, but still too far away to get caught up in this, thank all the gods in Asgard or anywhere else.
Jarvis's scans provided the location of slowly cooling bodies but no sign of actual endothermic life, other than themselves. If there had been any bats here, they had probably decided to be elsewhere, probably in advance of the human invasion of their territory. Though the lack of guano made it unlikely there had ever been any at all.
"Are you sure he's dead?" Natasha demanded, scepticism plain in her voice. "After all, he was supposed to be dead for seventy years."
Pushing down panic, he scrambled to his feet with a little yelp of pain as he stood on some shards of... plastic?
He found Steve and Bruce seated at the breakfast bar, amid the remains of what looked like an extensive meal. They moved together to clear him a space as he hitched himself onto a seat and allowed Bruce to place a mug of coffee in front of him.
Steve crossed the room to stand in front of a large shrouded piece of equipment whose shape he clearly recognised.
Steve's eyes flew open. "I was never in Ireland. The Republic was neutral in the war, Tony," he said sharply, then, seeing the other man's grin. "But you knew that."
"No, but it'll stop us being discovered by a lost walker. And might stop a casual inspection."
Storm muttered something that sounded like, "Too early," but Steve persisted, hauling him to his feet and hustling him into the aisle.
Danvers' eyebrows shot up, even as Jan said, "Here goes nothing."
He was fascinated by Tony, awed by his brilliance and courage and horrified by his reckless arrogance at the same time. Everything he had been told about him before they met had suggested he embodied all that he hated about the twenty-first century, and that seemed to be confirmed in Stuttgart and on the helicarrier. When they had started working together away from Loki's influence, fighting at each other's side, they had been instinctively in tune, a disturbingly perfect partnership.
"Tony, you haven't slept for nearly three days and during that time you've been pitched down into a cave, possibly concussed, and assaulted by the Hulk. I let it go earlier, but right now you have a choice of walking to your bed or being thrown over my shoulder and carried there. Which will hurt, believe me."
"Of course I can. I'm good. Shower sounds great." Though it cost him effort, he pulled himself free of a dubious-looking Stark's grip. With a shrug, the other man led the way out of the circular room and into what was plainly a well-equipped workshop.
Tony shook his head. "You're out of your depth, Fury. No, no, I am too. Whoever did this is either in touch with the Chitauri and whoever was behind them or is smart enough to analyse the Chitauri material and put together those bombs within a few weeks of the invasion. That makes them smarter than your scientists—"
But no one, not even Tony, was listening to what Rhodes was saying any longer. Steve had started to move even before the door to the lab was flung wide, setting himself between Tony and the strange figure in the opening, outlined by the bright light behind it.
Rhodey glared at him. "It's education, man."
"Tony was only twenty when his parents died."
"Can Huginn and Muninn speak to the Prince of Lies even on the Isle of Truth?" the enormous man asked.
"I'm going to reprogram that A.I.," Tony muttered but his heart wasn't really in it. Indeed, if Steve could be diverted by this idea he ought to be grateful. Anything was better than confessing his real suspicions to him. He raised his voice, "Rhodes still has the War Machine armour. I need to keep tabs on it."
"You think?"
"Jackson's company makes air conditioning equipment," Pepper announced serenely. "Jack, this is the infamous Tony Stark."
The warrior let the dog go. It leaped straight for Steve, teeth bared. Steve spun sideways, fist striking out at the dog's throat.
Tony made an annoyed, dismissive motion with one hand. "Just because Pepper isn't here doesn't mean—"
"You," Hennis growled, nodding towards the elevator control panel, which had less than half a dozen levels marked: the garage, the lobby, the executive suite, the research centre, and the penthouse. "Take us up top."
"Coffee," Tony pleaded, trying for pathos because it appeared to have worked last night.
Natasha was shaking her head. "They can't have shut it down. SHIELD's intelligence is dependent on its computers. They must have found a way to strengthen their firewalls and lock you and everyone else out."
"Using Pepper," Tony corrected.
Steve was trying to hold Tony's gaze, so was caught by surprise as the covers were heaved over him.
The hand closed round the artefact. There was a ring on its finger, a yellow gold band with a jet-black stone set amid sharp points...
"Wow!" Dr Ross said, her eyes on her friend. "Turns out seeing is believing. Love the suit, Jan, and I want those wings!" Plainly remembering her manners, she turned to Tony with a smile on her face. "I'm so very pleased to meet you, Mr Stark," she said. "I won't offer my hand until you're out of that armour, but Bruce and Jan have both spoken so often about you that I feel I know you."
"Mr Stark is in conference."
Pepper closed her mouth, then grinned at him. "Let's go somewhere we can, like, talk."
"You can't just throw him to his death," he said.
Even as he spoke, the aircraft started to veer off, but one of its rotors clipped the electronic shields.
Tony groaned. "Medieval technology is."
"Jarvis, is Tony asleep?"
So it was possibly just himself and Jan left in the game, three if they could count on Okoye.
Steve raised an eyebrow at him.
Tony took an involuntary step backwards.
"Me tied to the bedstead," Tony elaborated. "All laid out for you on the mattress. We don't actually have any bedsteads but I'm sure we can get one somewhere. All brass shafts and balls..."
"You bet," Tony said, with his wickedest grin, but he was asleep before Steve returned.
Steve sighed and, laid down the charcoal and not-paper on which he had been drawing, leaning back into the pile of cushions at the raised end of the recliner that Thor and Hogun had installed beneath a transparent canopy on a balcony that thrust out towards the sparkling sea.
"Can we trust this T'Challa?" Natasha asked now, her eyebrows up in her own special brand of scepticism.
"I don't know what happened in those places," Steve said, "but you push people into a corner and they stop playing by the rules. Like—"
"Your decision," Tony said. "Keep your current office. I'll see your PA moves to something more suitable. Meanwhile, send in your contractors. Jarvis will keep an eye on them and make sure they don't miss anything."
He and Tony exchanged glances with a single thought: that their escape had been detected—
"You can laugh, but she accepts my assurance that I wasn't sleeping with you."
Steve, though, had dropped both his hands and was looking at Tony's revealed chest in a kind of horror, not at the arc reactor, which he was on record as finding 'beautiful' but at the bruises and scrapes that covered every inch of skin.
"Are you crazy?" Pepper demanded.
She really shouldn't – it was so much fun watching Steve snark at them without them realising it.
Was it instinct, or something more?
Then it didn't matter; the door to Tony's suite and the interior door to the lounge were standing open, giving a view all the way through to the French doors onto the roof terrace, and it was beyond them that an indeterminate dark shape was rising out of the fog.
"Just as long as I'm M rather than Moneypenny," Steve retorted, reminding Tony that Bond was at least one modern icon to which Steve had been introduced.
"Tell that to NATO," Bruce said.
"And you can? See in the dark, that is?" Tony asked, even as he obligingly climbed out of the driver's seat and let the Wakandan take his place.
That Tony had spoken so admiringly of Betty's beauty – and he had not exaggerated, or not very much – was definitely not influencing Steve's judgement. He wasn't jealous, or scared of losing Tony. Not at all.
Tony dived for the trunk, laying his fingertips against almost-invisible sensors. The trunk sprang open and there it was, the case containing the lightweight version of the armour. It couldn't provide the protection or the weaponry of newer suits, but it had repulsors and a link to Jarvis and Tony had practiced donning it so often now that it would take him less than a minute.
"He is summoning the... I do not know the English word... the magician who prepares the Heart-Shaped herb."
Iron Man reached out with a gauntlet clad hand, plucked one of the guns pointed vaguely in his direction from the hands of a SHIELD agent and casually bent the barrel with a twist of his fingers. "I don't take chances with 'fragile'."
? I have more fashion sense. Besides, the aerodynamics are crap."
He glanced at his watch. Tony should have been out of the spa by now but was probably waiting for that Martini he wasn't going to get. At least not from Steve. Or, if he really was that stiff, he might have had problems getting out. He'd better go and lend a hand if necessary.
He could not yet foresee the end, if there was one.
Work helped a little. The cabin had internet connection from one of the Stark communications satellites, enabling Tony to work on current projects, to keep his hands and mind busy. He didn't really have time to get back to the artefact he had thrown into his backpack, though it preyed on his mind when he wasn't in the cabin. For some reason, he didn't want Steve to see it. It had been the tipping point of his break up with Pepper, and he was determined that history would not repeat itself.
"This body is over ninety years old," Steve said, repressively.
Steve didn't see what happened next for he was running back across the roof to leap into the light well. He landed between the paws of an all too lifelike statue of a giant panther. He paused a moment to catch his breath , then spun and raced towards the light, to the temple entrance, where he could see Okoye struggling with the soldiers while the Hatut Zeraze were split between guarding Tony and Hunter. She had, he hoped, drawn their attention for just long enough.
He didn't need them. Any of them.
They were right behind her as they started down the steps, but Lieutenant Storm stopped so abruptly that Steve almost ran him down. "Wow! What the hell is that?"
"I haven't. But of course people are watching you, Tony. You're important."
Tony, though, Tony was trembling.
"I am an Artificial Intelligence, Dr Ross," Jarvis explained.
Tony said, "I think you'd better get that aircraft of yours into this hanger. Not that that'll do any of us much good if that really is a tornado-spawning mini-supercell up there."
"I'm not entirely surprised," Jan said. "He flirts with everyone, and we've eyed up both the male and female talent and rated them with marks out of ten at boring parties. He has to be careful about his image, though."
Tony rolled his eyes.
As Tony's concentrated features emerged from his scratching pencil, he wondered if the original Steve Rogers had shared this skill. Was it what Tony and Howard had called his ability to fight – muscle memory?
Both men expected to be shot at as they descended through battering hail and wind at the co-ordinates where contact with Hawkeye and the Black Widow had been lost, but Jarvis still could not locate any body heat, any sign of life.
"Even after Steve and Bruce?"
"Don't know what that means. But you shouldn't be doing this."
Iron Man landed them both next to the limo just as a couple of SHIELD helicopters raced over the horizon. Happy was still covering Pepper with the shield, the case containing the suitcase armour at his feet, dented but unopened.
"The scientist who discovered Susan Storm's DNA sample was missing," Jan said.
And that was Tony, only just making himself heard over the screams, shouts and warning cries from the crowd.
Steve, now bareheaded, glanced towards him, then, as Tony attempted, not very successfully, to apply the air brakes, vaulted easily on board.
Watching Steve closely, he saw him frown in puzzlement, then his eyes widened as he understood. "You'd do that?"
Tony opened his eyes, blinked the room into something approaching focus, sat up, slapped his pockets, and then asked Steve to toss him the suit jacket he had discarded on arriving back in the penthouse from the boardroom. Seconds later, he had found and extracted his cell, his fingers shaking a little as he flipped through the menus. His heart was racing with excitement, or was it dread?
Bisexual, they called it now. Back before the war, he hadn't been able to put a name to it. All he had known was that to act would have been to dishonour all the Christian morals his mother had tried to teach him.
"Jarvis!" Steve said sharply.
Steve was frowning. "Sleep here? In your bed?"
"Are you just going to sit there naked?" Steve demanded.
Tony nodded. "He's driving the truck and it's his phone I have a lock on. And Thor knows him. Jarvis, put him through."
Steve showed no signs of returning to consciousness, except occasionally writhing in pain.
They were making their way back to the SUV when something large and black – a giant crow, perhaps, because something was flapping in the wind – came swiftly out of the murk towards them.
"You did? What was it? C'mon, Brucie baby, tell Uncle Tony."
And how had this time's Nat and Tony known about this place?
One of the other mercenaries laughed. "Sure, baby, as American as they come. Not."
"Your will is locked in my briefcase. That is the hard copy of the contract you asked for before you disappeared into wherever it is billionaire superheroes go to get away from it all."
"Wait!" Thor caught hold of Iron Man's arm and held him against the strength of the repulsors. "If the winds and the lightning do not destroy you, our enemies may."
"Finished," Tony said, signing the final paper with a flourish. "I've made two amendments, here and here."
"We'll be making a lot of enemies here at home.”.
He opened his mouth to comment but Pepper was off again. "Tomorrow can we fly out to it and see if General Fury will let us on board? I still need to impress him like wow! And don't think I've forgiven you yet for letting Dad send me off to California without you. You owe me, Tony Stark."
"T'Challa is."
"T'Challa," Tony greeted, with no surprise left in him. "This is unexpected, but welcome to Avengers Tower."
"Of course. She said that you were a very polite young man – that's good for a ninety-something old man, right? – and that you ate a lot and had better taste in art than I do."
"Will do, Boss, but the conversation seems kinda heavy. Do you need backup?"
"Down, boy," Jan said. "Remember she's taken."
Bruce looked from one man to the other, then smiled. "Since when did you two become a double act?" Then, at their identical wide-eyed innocent stares, he added, "So, it was the Other Guy. I'm sorry, Tony."
Tony raised a hand, waggling his fingers, and Steve hurried towards him, stumbling as he reached the pathway, and dropping onto the seat beside him, so their shoulders brushed.
He did not know if he could endure the pain of never seeing them again.
"Shrinks." Tony couldn't keep the disgust out of his voice. Pepper had kept trying to get him to see an analyst, but he wasn't about to waste his time with someone nowhere near as intelligent as he was. "Hadn't that still-in-the-forties shtick taught them anything? Anyhow, you lost Steve with that ploy. But I want to know Peggy Carter's true status; deceased, insane, senile, brain dead, taken over by aliens, whatever. And evidence that I can believe and, more importantly, that Steve can trust."
"Just talk to her first. If she really wants me to throw you out, I'll send you to join Bruce and his colleagues, though you'll probably be bored out of your mind. But she won't."
"With that explosion in New Jersey you'll be on your way there – or you ought to be."
Then the hands were back, and cloth was being wrapped round him – the comforter from the couch, probably – then Steve's arms slid under him, lifting him.
And why was he sleeping in his clothes?
"I thought leviathan was a sea-monster," Steve said, pedantically deciding that he was going to continue to call them 'troop carriers'.
The gun whined. Tony flung himself aside, but something invisible caught him in vibrations that threatened to shake him apart. The last thing he saw was Steve charging towards the self-styled White Wolf. Then the shaking threw him into the dark.
It was good to be alive, after all.
"I'll speak to him, Jarvis. Voice only. Wait until I give the word." Tony glanced round. "I'd appreciate it if you let me handle this. Without commentary."
"Well I know that now, Stark. I made it my business to track Pepper down and she'd been attending classes in LA when she was apparently with me."
Tony sighed. "Yes, I was. I guess I am. Have been. You need – needed – to face some uncomfortable facts, Steve. I'm still not sure you have."
More displays were appearing. All he needed now were the repulsors... and there they were, if at minimal power. Still, he could move upwards. And there might enough power to extract sufficient oxygen from the seawater to keep him alive – not to mention remove excess carbon dioxide before it killed him.
"Oh." Much as he tried to keep it in, a huge grin spread over Tony's face. "So can we have engagement celebration sex?"
T'Challa hesitated. "Are you sure that would be wise?"
He waited until Tony had shambled off towards his own bed before shedding his uniform and peeling away the dressing. The bleeding had, as he had expected, stopped, and by peering over his shoulder into the bathroom mirror he could see that the scratches were already scabbed and healing, though the bruising would not, he supposed, look its worst until morning.
"You don't know if I can drive," Steve pointed out. "In fact, I don't know if I can drive. Why are you so antsy, Tony?"
Okay. What now? Despite the pea-souper – a description that stabbed at his heart because he had learned it from Peggy, Peggy who had drowned in this very lake – he had to be close to the shore. Not to mention the hotel pier and the boats moored to it, but he was darned if he could see any of them. Or the lights of the hotels and houses, which had been so obvious earlier. No moon or stars to give him a direction, either. Nor could he see the glow from the fire, though he could smell smoke in the air, turning the fog into smog.
"Not everything is about you, Tones."
"I don't know," Tony admitted. "EMP maybe. I don't dare get too close until I do know."
Though Steve didn't have his shield with him, his arm moved defensively across his body, as if he was still holding it. "He doesn't want to be found. Not even by me. If he even remembers me now."
"He also collapsed in your workshop." Howard was suddenly looking grimmer than Tony had seen him since the Makluan invasion. "But if they were draining his blood and extracting the serum so that it was at low levels—"
Steve looked up the heavens as if in supplication. "I don't know what in... heck... you are talking about. This gets crazier by the minute."
"At least you might have given me some warning."
"Let's blow this joint, Cap" he whispered in Steve's ear, as he teased the buckle open, unclipped it from the belt, then hooked a fingernail into the catch on the edge, pulling the hair-thin wire free. "Close your eyes."
"Director Fury was right about one thing: the universe beyond Earth knows we're here, and that we're outgunned. The Avengers are all that stands between the human race and hostile beings with weapons in advance of our own, not to mention their allies on Earth. Yes, they have them; some of them Enhanced and some not human at all. Avengers business, which I should be taking care of right now."
Maybe he was wrong. It could still be coincidence. He must have further evidence before he acted...
Tony winced, not sure which circumstance was more ominous. He said: "Don't disturb Hank. When Jan gets back or calls in, tell her Steve's alive and so am I. You don't need to tell her to call me because she will anyway."
"Except I'm driving," Bruce said cheerfully.
Tony was glad he wasn't and hated himself for being glad. There were things he ought to say to Steve, that he wanted to say but somehow couldn't get past the voice of caution in his own head, telling him it was too soon, that it might not be real, that Steve was going to see through Tony's own masks and realise his mistake.
"We'll cross that bridge when we reach it."
Iron Man made the short flight to his own landing pad, where the bots stripped away his armour, though he waited for Steve to join him there.
Only they didn't hit the ground.
With Jan's fists still locked in his shirt, Steve was forced to drop his shield and reach for a hold in order to save them both as the main hatch opened.
Forty-eight... forty-nine...
"Pep—"
Tony could have stayed there forever, but his phone started warbling the 'Jeeves and Wooster' theme, which meant not only that Jarvis wanted to talk to him, but that his phone was suddenly receiving a signal.
Tony looked doubtful. "SHIELD may have briefed her," he said. "I would have done, in case the press contacted her for a quote. And you're pretty unmistakeable, particularly to someone who... knew you that well."
"And you Avengers weren't?"
"You said we'd talk. I'm talking. Not heard much from you, though. Am I keeping you awake?"
"A puppet of the Pentagon, then," was how Natasha dismissed him.
Memories came flooding back.
They hadn't discussed that and he wasn't sure he wanted to tell Tony, but the other man was now looking at him with growing interest. "I had an interview."
"It will be working for you. But many of the streets are blocked."
"Steve..." Tony whispered.
Tony said, "I know."
"They didn't know until I arrived there," Tony's voice said from behind him. Steve looked round in time to see him shrug. "Just another coincidence."
How had they moved the hammer?
How far ahead?
Tony put down his fork and eyed Natasha suspiciously. "Why the Attorney General's office? I mean, apart from the obvious: that the Justice Department is advising the White House and the Pentagon on their legal disputes."
Gene had replied.
Guessing that so curt a message conveyed something White Wolf might be expecting and, if they were exceptionally lucky, might have issued the orders that had brought the warriors here, Steve nodded curtly, though he was prepared to draw the gun the instant any of the warriors showed any signs of suspicion. But White Wolf's taciturn manner now played into his hands. The warriors fell into place around them, plainly an escort and probably not ceremonial one, Steve suspected. He squeezed Tony's arm again and stepped forward, letting a pair of warriors lead the way.
"Let me worry about that. You do your job, Agent." That last word was, he supposed, a risk, but he calculated the odds of her not being an agent of SHIELD as vanishingly small.
"Can't find a pulse. Guess that serum's not so hot after all."
"Not according to his commanding officer. Who is spitting mad about it, though not as mad as Lieutenant Storm, apparently. He’s spent every moment since protesting his orders, with his CO backing him up – he's the one I've gotten all this from. Only about forty-eight hours ago Federal agents arrived and frog-marched Storm onto a plane."
"I don't think so. When I looked for it it had vanished. Maybe SHIELD had something to do with that." At least, that was what Tony hoped, but other things had vanished after the Battle of Manhattan, things much bigger and marginally less dangerous.
But, even as he came level with the helicopter Iron Man fired not the weapons, but the repulsors.
"You'll give yourself indigestion."
"He wouldn't, would he?" Jan's expression was sympathetic, but she said, "I wasn't going to but... Steve, Pepper spent over ten years trying to save Tony from himself and failed, totally, even when they were together. The only person who could exercise control over him, and even then only in subtle ways, was his mother. His relationship with his father was, well, complicated."
He sipped the alcohol and waited.
Steve nodded.
Avengers.
He swarmed it at speed but, remembering the shots, he paused just below the roof and peered cautiously over the lip...
"Oh. In that case, I might just be able to help. I used to be Chief Security Officer there. Of course, if you're asking me to breech security there..."
"Wait," Storm interrupted. "What Moorcock connection?"
Tony shivered at Steve's unexpected touch, losing the thread of what he had been saying. If Steve moved his hand down few inches he was going to be... totally incoherent, probably. Damn it, he'd never expected Steve to come on to him like this... and it was playing hell with his resolve to keep this... this relationship... platonic long enough to let Steve realise his mistake and, hopefully, be satisfied with their closer friendship—
Maybe, if he concentrated...
Steve noted approvingly that she had no doubts about their ability to deal with the guards. "Perhaps none. If it's like the last one I encountered, it has its own self-destruct system. Maybe we can trigger it from this side."
The vehicle had stopped in response to the sirens and two cops were hotfooting it towards them. Steve hurriedly closed his eyes and tried to make himself smaller, nudging the hammer until the blanket covered it, but closing his hand around the handle.
Unfortunately, one of the things that his father had been right about when he spoke of Captain America was his inability to follow orders if anyone at all was in danger. And Steve had never forgiven himself for James Barnes' death.
"Do not touch the ring." The voice was harsh, coming from an inhumanly tall figure in strange, spiky black armour that had appeared from nowhere. Even with the head of Yogthulu in the room, he filled the rest of it.
"For the moment, yes, Miss Potts."
"Most of the people will be out fishing, and the children in school," T'Challa told them. "Still, be cautious. This way."
"Stark, wait! Do you even know where the sacred mountain is?"
Steve's hand had tightened around his. "You can't suspect a coup, Tony. Not here. Not in the States."
Why had Fury kept insisting that he was?
He had no more time to experiment with the vehicle controls. Tony aimed it straight at where he thought the gates of the inner compound were situated and gunned the engine. With his thumb, he shoved the gun's control to full and aimed at the gates as they emerged from the twilight, firing a long burst, raking from left to right.
"Then I'll leave it to your silver tongue," Steve had retorted in a mixture of irony and relief. "Though I can think of better uses—" He had been stopped in mid flow by one of those 'better uses' and they hadn't wasted the rest of their time together talking.
"If you cannot see the display," Jarvis said, "it would appear that I did not deploy the filters in time... Also, the room is full of some sort of gas. My analysis is not complete, but it appears to be toxic—"
Hill said the last thing he expected. "The arc reactor went critical."
And Tony gawped. He wasn't sure what he had expected, but it was not an ancient-looking ship floating about six feet above the surface of the sea. It was brightly painted in red and black, its high prow carved into some kind of bird – an eagle, maybe – with an even higher stern. Its single square sail, made of what looked like unbleached canvas or linen, stood out in a curve, as if in a high wind. A long banner, red without device, also streamed forward. But the ship didn't move. And there wasn't any wind.
A compromise candidate after the two front-runners for her party's Presidential nomination had cut each other's throats by digging too much dirt on each other, she had, to everyone's surprise including her own, been elected by a small majority in the Electoral College (though her majority in the popular vote had been larger.)
"What? Steve—?"
"Loki."
Tony dived, pouring on the power. He might just make it—
Iron Man, his bright armour blackened with soot and scorched from who-knew-how-many close calls, fell from the roiling sky to pick up Steve and carry him to the helicarrier, now acting as field HQ.
Inwardly, Steve winced. He knew that city and state governments were often corrupt – he'd seen enough in Europe, let alone growing up in 20s and 30s New York – but hearing Tony talk so casually of 'buying' Federal support hurt. He didn't need his faith in government – or in Tony, come to that – undermined any further.
"Such a mouth on Captain America," Tony complained. "Still, if there's a sewer there's way out – though we don't have a geologist's hammer or a poster of Rita Hayworth."
"Pepper." He succumbed to temptation and took hold of her shoulders, shaking her slightly as he said, "Pepper, I – was – not – sleeping – with – Steve... or Rhodey, come to that. How long have you known me? Ten years?"
They all knew by now that he was here.
Tony opened the faceplate of the armour again. "When is Coulson's funeral?" he asked. "Or memorial service. Whatever?"
"Their standard 'inform HQ on sighting' is in force, I believe, sir. Also presumably for you, Ms Romanoff, Mr Barton and Doctor Banner."
"Jarvis is speculating."
He jerked back, treading water.
The silence stretched. "How the hell did you know that?"
had with that nuke over Manhattan."
Tony reached out with Extremis as they rolled sideways, realising was Steve trying to avoid crashing through the roof. Trusting that Jean had this, he cut the power to the boot jets.
"I know, I know. But Pepper probably isn't going to see it that way," Steve said. Her reaction was something he was not looking forward to. At all.
"Nah. Just in time," Tony answered, as the armour closed around him. "Robbie, make one circuit, so we can drop, then go high and wait for my call."
Nothing happened.
"My loyalties are divided? What about yours? Where am I on your list?" Pepper shot back angrily. "This... this obsession was bad enough when it was just Iron Man – I could live with that – but this Avengers thing – and Steve—"
It seemed like a long time before Steve knelt and placed the posy of tiny blue flowers below the headstone. He remained kneeling, head bowed, for another minute or so, then rose and looked about him wildly.
"And let Nat have a copy once you're sure it's safe, Jarvis," Tony ordered, "and send a record of this briefing plus your video of the attempted kidnapping and the helicopter-submarine to the Tower, marked for the urgent attention of Barton and Romanoff. They may have some ideas."
His phone broke into his thoughts with the opening riff from
Out of the corner of his eye, Steve saw Tony's mouth twist. "Th't wasn't how he saw it."
"A matter of honour," Steve said. "He was used to bring you here. It's a debt he had to pay."
"I took my PhD – it's in particle physics, by the way, Stark – at University College, Oxford," the Panther said. "So yes; it would be difficult to avoid such a universal undergraduate icon."
Steve thought, even as he shifted into the embrace, burying his face against Tony's shoulder. "I wasn't just angry. I lost control," he admitted. "I can't afford to lose control. I hurt you. I could have seriously injured you – or even killed you."
"Fine, fine," Tony said, trying to scramble to his feet even as Howard grasped his arms to support him. "Just a tumble."
Steve took a deep breath. There were things he had to know. "What happened after I... left?"
"Mr Stark has no respect for motor vehicles – or, at least, for other people's motor vehicles," Happy replied, without even a flicker of a smile. Steve was beginning to suspect the nickname was ironic. "Ms Potts now, she appreciates good cars and good driving."
Tony grinned at her, showing all his teeth. "Maybe the world needs insane. Who am I to judge? I never had a chance to be normal."
he thought,
He carefully turned what he hoped was one hundred and eighty degrees and swam back along his previous path.
? Inquiring minds want to know."
He could not resist answering with a teasing reference. "It's a Monty Python monster."
That, too, felt like betrayal.
"Stark responding," he said.
"You mean apart from Stark getting what might be expected from rushing in bull headed as usual? No one. Why was he there, by the way?"
Steve's back was so beautifully sculpted in bone and muscle that Tony caught his breath. The bruises were pale yellow, almost invisible because the rest of Steve's back was a patchwork of pink, newly grown skin – dear God, the damage had been even more extensive than he thought...
Ours are wider, Steve thought, and that was surprising enough to keep him silent as he followed Okoye between the trucks, keeping their heads well down.
Tony waved a hand at him even as Jarvis said, "Already on my way, sir."
Jarvis's voice spoke over the crackle of the flames. "Indeed, Captain. This is the Air Force officer who introduced herself to Mr Stark as Colonel Carol Danvers."
"And you were 'unavailable' all yesterday, according to Jarvis. Now the internet is full of rumors of your possible death in a road accident, which, considering how you drive, is by no means unlikely—"
"You think General Ross is involved?"
"A hundred feet, maybe. What's the plan, Cap?"
"You've given me good reason to be cautious."
Which was ludicrous, because Tony being here wasn't going to make this right, or even explain it.
"I think by then he was probably having too much fun to stop."
"No. The suit did not leak. Jarvis! Was the armour's integrity breached?"
"But don't always succeed," Bruce retorted. "Do you have any word on the others?"
"Don't remember. Some soup kitchen somewhere, I guess."
White Wolf shouted something, but was cut off abruptly at the same moment as Tony came to his feet between the warrior and the gun.
"Bast? If that is still your name? What do you do here? Have you hidden this little kingdom since before my birth?"
"And you said nothing? You let me drag you about the sky, spent the rest of the day and half the night moving bodies and rubble? Dear God, Cap, wasn't that suicide attempt off the hangar roof enough for you?"
Once Rhodes and Lori had gone, the former clutching a map of the area with the position of the armour's electronic signature marked, the latter to make her excuses to her family and employees, Steve took Tony's hand and led him into the living area.
"No!" Tony interrupted him. "There's some sort of toxic gas on the fourth and probably everywhere by now. And a body in the lobby. Possibly one of yours."
"It is not an invitation that has ever been extended to members of our governments," Ndungu added dryly.
"Be careful," Tony said, "and yell to Jarvis if you need help. Bruce would never forgive me if I allowed you to get killed."
"I didn't have a choice about it!" Tony was finally on the defensive.
Two of the men were struggling to shift one of the small crates towards the portal, but were staggering under the impact of the Wasp's stingers.
"Yes. He's been here most of the time since he brought you to Asgard, but the Lady Frigga has an appointment today that she must keep, and Thor and Sif – I suspect they would say they are protecting her, but they are also witnesses if Loki—" Fandral put out a quick hand, stopping Steve's involuntary move to rise with astonishing strength. "No, rest easy. You are in no danger from Loki, though he undoubtedly would take revenge if he could for your part in defeating him and his allies."
"I'm sure she does," Steve muttered; he was not looking forward to meeting Pepper Potts.
He counted down the fifteen seconds the burn should last in his head, then added another five to be sure, before rolling away from Steve and to his feet.
"I don't need your vibranium – I roll my own," Tony retorted. "I was
and spoke to the Wakandan leader, who gave a nod of appreciation in Tony's direction.
"If they speak truth. Which is their function," Frigga replied.
"Would you rather have this one?" Steve asked, the words muffled by the top half of the White Wolf suit as he squirmed into it.
He'd thought he'd forgotten what this felt like, but the memories came flooding back, and he wanted it, wanted it so much, and he couldn't wait, didn't want to wait...
"Doom's dead," Tony said. He was finding that, like Jean, he could sort of reach into the Doombot's – and it was a Doombot – electronic systems but could not control its mind. Damn it, there were just too many organics.
"Won't that be harder, now he's dead?" Clint asked, leaning his chair on its back legs and putting his feet on the table.
Tony looked back. Lights blazed in the darkness, growing ever closer. He said, "Back in the States, when you interrogated me, you had a cloaking device. We sure could use it right now."
The sun was dropping towards the sea when they finally climbed back into the Ferrari and set off towards Malibu.
"Right, Jarvis, let's find out what the damage is, and sharp about it."
"I didn't know that last," Jan said gently. "But this time he was with Thor. Short of being there yourself, that's the best protection he could have." She paused, her eyes resting on Steve's face.
"However, we are now here to extend an invitation to you to travel to Wakanda for negotiations concerning the supply of vibranium."
Below him, the jungle was coming to noisy life as evening darkened about him. It was a primeval landscape, empty of technology and human life...
It was only as he closed the doors behind them that he realised that they were not the only people who had headed out here to take advantage of its privacy. One was his father – who he would never fail to recognise, even if, as here, he was only a shadow against the light from the window behind him – but the others were unrecognisable, the glowing tips of a cigarettes visible in a couple of hands resting on the balcony safety rail the only nearby light.
He woke to a clatter in the kitchen and the smell of coffee, which set a precedent.
"I wouldn't know, sir, but it
"That's real neighbourly of you, Mr Stark. Guess we'll do just that." Jackson's pilot hurried to her aircraft.
It was a woman's voice.
Steve supposed that a first name wasn't giving away the Wasp's identity. He hoped.
Together.
"The arc reactor exploded. An accident you assured me couldn't happen," Fury said.
"Solves one problem. What about the portal?"
Tony took a deep breath and said, "We weren't dating, Pep."
"Sir."
As they had been talking, more Wakandans began to emerge from the shadows, though Hank's appearance had once again sent them into retreat. Okoye waved and called out to them in Wakandan, though this innocent gesture seemed to cause intense confusion.
Instantly, Iron Man whirled about, putting the armour between the explosion and Steve, as the shock wave tumbled them across the sky.
Steve shrugged. "Tell me about it. When I knew Howard he was much younger than Tony is now, and, on the surface, they were very alike. Below it," he shook his head. "I don't think I ever got below Howard's surface, but he came close to ruining my chances with Tony."
"I have no intention of using the Stones," Tony said quickly. "One experience was enough, thank you. They should be returned to the place and time they were taken from."
Steve pulled the stick over to the right, shoved the wing-beat lever to its fullest extent and gently pressed his foot down on the right hand side of the rudder bar.
Steve mumbled something in which the words, "Peggy", "date" and "home," were the only ones intelligible.
"Yes, sir."
"I don't know what you are talking about," Tony said airily. "There's no such thing
"Colonel, get us out of here before the drone self destructs!" Steve ordered.
Tony glared at him. "Don't humour me, Rip Van Winkle." An idea occurred to him. "Anyway, I intend to close the meeting before I open it—"
"Physically unhurt," Tony elaborated, his voice echoing from Jarvis's local speakers, a fraction behind the voice in Steve's ear. "Mentally completely incapacitated. I will never criticise cheesy sixties sci-fi TV shows again. God help me, that was a
He handed it to Bruce with a pleading look, even as Steve said, "Close your eyes, Tony," and emphasised it with a gentle hand brushing down from his forehead. Tony shoved ineffectively at the heavily muscled arm, more to maintain his independence than because he expected – or indeed, wanted – to move it.
Hennis stepped back hurriedly.
"I could always carry you," Steve said, with amusement.
It occurred to Tony for the first time that sitting through too loud music he didn't like must bother Steve, and yet he had endured hours of it, just to be with Tony. "Damn. I'm sure Jarvis and I can work out a way of isolating you from the racket," he said, squeezing Steve's hand. "Hell, I'll even wear earb—"
"He was going to kill you. And me," Tony pointed out.
been played, that Ultron actually came from the Mind Stone. And we got the Vision. And without Vision, Ultron would still be in play, and none of us would be.
Whatever Fury had to reply was lost in the roar of Iron Man's jets as he rocketed away towards the horizon.
Then the weight lifted away abruptly, without any apparent effort and he was treated to the pleasant sight of shapely black-clad legs taking up a fighting stance.
Before Steve had made up his mind to ask again where they were going, the car halted in front of heavy metal gates in a high fence following a strip of cleared forest that ran across the valley. Tony honked the horn and the gates swung open enough to let them pass, though he stopped briefly and exchanged a few words with the guard who came out of his post to greet them.
"Now, Anthony."
Coughing up both and then fighting to catch his breath in the thick fog, he trod water and tried to get his bearings, but his face started to sting painfully. He took a couple of deep breaths and ducked under the water which was already soothing the rest of his heat-scorched skin. It had also, probably, put out a few flames.
"Mine," said Hank. "Take it. You can load that onto the plane and there won't be anything around to trace back here. The truck'll be more useful to us, given a lick of paint. Also, the helmets will be an excellent disguise."
"Burst laser or maser transmissions?" Tony asked.
"The winds obey me," Thor replied, "then suddenly they rebel. Each time I turn the storm someone or something turns it back towards the north and west. I ask the winds to die, they obey, but then strengthen again. Someone with great power is fighting me for control of the storm."
"Computer?" he said. "Can you give me a report on the possible security breach."
"You don't need to protect me from myself," Steve went on. "I wanted you from the moment I saw you, though, to be honest, the first thing that hit me after the lust was dismay that being in love with Peggy hadn't cured me of wanting men."
"I texted Bambi to cancel that when Jack agreed to give me a lift," she explained, waving a hand at the bemused-looking craggy-faced man who had followed her out.
"What is it?
"You'll tear the wings off!" Jan gasped.
Then Bruce said, "But he's right, Steve. Look, back in the 30s, if a friend of yours or your mother's couldn't have paid the rent, wouldn't you or your Mom have offered them the couch or even a piece of floor to sleep on until they were back on their feet, however long that took? And wouldn't you have accepted that help if the circumstances were reversed? The only difference here is that Tony has money to burn – but it doesn't make any difference to the sentiment behind it or his generosity. He has invited us
T'Challa looked up sharply. "Steve?"
"Jarvis, do we have anything on Sparky?"
"You could always put my clothes on over your clothes," he suggested. "They're big enough but not too big."
Next morning, over breakfast, Steve had just announced that Jarvis had broken the encryption and was busy sorting the clear language files into order of importance when Tony came in, his cell in his hand. He was frowning. "I've had an urgent message from Stark Special Projects in Seattle. I need to fly up there and sort them out. Sorry." Though the words were addressed to the room in general, his eyes were on Steve.
"That is not true. There is no USA source."
It squirmed in his hand.
"Where did you go?"
It was a helluva thing to be spending your nineteenth birthday party avoiding the girl who'd been one of your best friends through high school, who'd covered your butt on innumerable occasions, who'd saved your life in the flying battlesuit that you'd built for her at her request – he wasn't mean enough to call it nagging – and who most people, including her, assumed that you'd eventually marry.
He shouldn't have done any of it, but, oh God, he had never been so elated. He was not going to feel sorry. He was never going to feel sorry.
"He's filled me in what happened during the time I was in Asgard," Steve replied, trying for neutrality.
"You've never seen me with a one night stand," Tony said sharply. "Steve, what happened that night shocked me. Not because you're a man – I've had affairs with men, a couple of them serious. But I was in a long-term relationship with
Gratitude was natural.
Tony shivered, but "Together," he said.
The man who had just caught the shield on the rebound wore a pair of old blue jeans, now soaked in blood, and a leather jacket open over what had been a white T-shirt, but Tony would have recognised him anywhere. No one else moved with such combined speed and power.
"All because you trusted me," Steve said, and left the "Why not now?" unspoken.
"Sir?"
"You know what it was? Who the woman was?"
"Don't forget inviting Loki and the Chitauri to invade Earth."
"And where did you hear about that? No, Steve, not precisely. But close enough, I guess. I need to be sure of my own control, in case it happens again. I can't afford that weakness. But you were never meant to see that, Steve. No one was. And SHIELD couldn't tell you about it because I never told them, never told anyone the details."
"I overheard you arguing with Miss Potts," Steve interrupted. "She was angry with you for exposing yourself to danger, and I've made that worse."
she is. It's not as if she doesn't have an apartment a few minutes walk away and a house out on Fire Island."
Maybe he'd better just lie low for a while, let the serum heal his injuries, and learn all he could before deciding what to do.
But it was not because he was walking away from his friends, his rescuers. After all, he was leaving for their own good. And this was the same unexpected feeling he had had as they had driven to Xavier's, a compelling need to rush back to the house, a feeling that had eased as they drove back.
here and I must report that your – it was you, Wolfy, wasn't it? – hospitality wasn't what your envoys promised."
Tony shook his head. "He was dead by then."
"It's heading over Battery Park," Steve said.
"Tony?" Jan's voice said.
"Nothing on radar," Jan added.
"Yes," Tony said slowly. "I remember Natalie." He was beginning to be worried where this might be leading and wished he'd brought Pepper, or possibly Steve, with him. "Are you sure it Pepper who recruited her? I thought she'd been sent down from Legal."
Jean looked puzzled. "But I could read his mind," she protested, "though it was the strangest I've encountered. He certainly believed he was Doom. The woman with him was shielded, but what little I could read suggested something even odder. I don't think she was human."
The beam struck the shield and bounced back, the vibranium steel alloy doubling and redoubling the power. It struck War Machine exactly where Tony had intended, on the faceplate, sending it, and whoever was inside it, tumbling through the air. Tony, who was looking for it, saw the lights behind the helmet's eyes go out and punched the air in triumph, even as the flailing War Machine hit the valley side in an uncontrolled roll, dived downwards, still under power, and crashed into the rocks of the currently dry creek.
Happy glowered back. "You think I shoulda hit the bike?"
"Stark?" T'Challa's big hand was gripping his shoulder. When Tony looked up he found the Panther hood thrown back, and a worried look on the monarch's face. "Have I made the right decision? Are you sure you're up to this?"
"So am I," Steve said. "And that it appeared out of nowhere in a city with water on two sides and a major canal cutting through the isthmus. The beast must have crossed a dozen major highways without being spotted. Jarvis and I have been trying to track where it might have come from, but, while the Internet is full of monster sightings, there are none recently in within three hundred miles of Seattle that could have been this one."
A leap took him above the line of fire even as the automatic weapons clattered.
Pepper turned to look at him directly. "Steve, he wouldn't understand that. The money's not even small change to him. What is important to him are the Avengers. He isn't willing to let go of you all anymore than he's willing to let go of Iron Man. What's more he's never liked SHIELD or Director Fury; keeping you, Natasha and Clint Barton off SHIELD's payroll is another way of thumbing his nose at both. He'd've tried to detach Phil, too, if he'd still been alive. And if he could bring Thor back from Asgard, he would."
Tony thought about the crates of vibranium, about what Natasha and Clint might have learned in Washington and what Pepper might be doing there, about accelerating the StarkEnergy programme, about getting Erik Selvig to look at the remains of the portal, about the SHIELD agents stationed outside his building, about the meetings he had to attend, the research he needed to do and about Steve's death and the decisions he would have to make about that, sooner or later.
"I need you to be alive," Steve said, "and— Well, you scared me."
"We have a few of our own. But Fury isn't the only one who can set traps. Let me go first. I have the protection of this metal suit."
It should be easy to find him.
In the aftermath of the devastating events at Panther God's temple, there are still enemies for Tony to face, some of them unexpected...
He did so.
Bruce leaned across and tapped a touchscreen.
"Facial features identical, height identical, muscle and weight twenty per cent below records."
As they stepped onto Bifrost, the mist vanished. When Steve had first heard about the Rainbow Bridge, he had pictured it as a true rainbow, with the seven colours arching into the sky. This, though, was flat, with thin lines of colour sparkling through frost, reaching out over the abyss to the golden dome with what looked like a giant sundial gnomon on top. From what Volstagg told him, this was Heimdall's observatory.
Tony flew alongside the plane all the way back to the States, though occasionally he left piloting the Iron Man to Jarvis and tried to drift into sleep.
Damn it, he had to stop comparing every woman he met to Peggy who had, with her usual pragmatism, fought through the rest of the war, changed agencies, changed again, helped set up SHIELD, become a high ranking agent, then head of the training section. The fact that the file had said nothing at all about her personal relationships suggested to Steve that whoever had compiled it had omitted that material to protect him.
"I'd cut the wire." God, how naive had he been?
about a band of powerful wizards after the battle of New York, even during a memorably rowdy discussion about
"Steve! It is you! I thought something awful had happened to you. You didn't answer your phone and Tony was acting so strangely whenever anyone mentioned you, I suspected— Have you spoken to Tony yet? He's in Seattle, mainly."
"Anyways, he probably already knows where we're going," Steve pointed out peaceably.
Judging by Steve's position, leaning against the door frame with his arms folded, showing off an inordinate amount of muscle, that suspicion was returned. "Name's Steve. Function: cook and bodyguard," he said, ignoring Tony's grimace in his direction.
"Place we can eat great food and can't be disturbed. Besides, I want to give the Ferrari Zegato a run. You're going to love both, Steve. Let's go find out what Ann-Marie thinks is fashionable for a Californian Fall."
"Stark!" Hill snarled, but by then Iron Man was a streak of white light against the stars.
"Wait for me." T'Challa lowered the roof, pulled the eared black hood over his head, and took an inhumanly long leap onto the tree trunk, running swiftly along it and disappearing into the forest.
"What, helping me stay alive isn't of use? Don't answer that! Try this instead: Steve's a New York boy. He made his way back there because that's where he feels most comfortable – and then we just happened to save each other's lives. He watches my back, I watch his."
There was no response.
He could breathe but the air tasted odd.
"Tony!" Steve said sharply. It bothered him that Tony, who was the smartest man he had ever met, did not believe either of them had a soul – did not, he suspected, believe in God. Howard hadn't, and that should have sent Tony into the arms of the church if nothing else did, but in this case it really was like father, like son.
Steve said nothing. Nor would he meet Tony's eyes.
And this was an upmarket hotel in the twenty-first century, in a bed that smelt of sex, and that was Tony sleeping beside him.
There was no sign of a single whirring flying monofilament blade and the Iron Man HUD showed nothing.
"I'll send Happy on some errand or other," Tony decided. "You can travel with him. Save on expenses because the airlines can't charge for an ant. You know, you're going to have to be careful with this when you go commercial. I'll get Pepper to— Or perhaps I won't. You want Jan with you?"
Steve had no idea where the Asgardians had their farms and factories, and no ships sailed the bright seas or aircraft flew the skies, carrying trade goods.
"You... don't have to..." Steve gaped, even as he thrust into Tony's hand.
"I could have told you that would happen."
And then they were under fire.
"It's on your head. All of it."
It was not an argument Steve could deal with right now, but it told him something astonishing about Tony's feelings for him. He said: "If you feel like that, why did you reject me last night?" and if his voice wobbled a little, it was no more than Tony's had done.
Jan broke off from enthusiastically kissing Hank to remark, "You should have filed a flight plan, Carol. As for yours, Tony, it's safe in the Van Dyne Enterprises hangar. My plane is still in Washington. It's all spreading confusion to our enemies."
Hank blinked at him, and Bruce flung up his hands in a gesture of despair.
"It's not really your field."
Pepper frowned at him. "I do not forge your signature, Tony, though I am often tempted. If your signature is on that contract, you signed it."
"These might." Tony put a pile of printouts and a thumb drive carefully on Pepper's desk. "Production specs for the repulsor lifting gear. You just attach an even number of units to the sides of whatever you want to move. They've got a linked limited AI. No doubt the design department will want to add bells and whistles, which will leave you plenty of time to get the factory in Seattle to tool up, for marketing to put together a dog and pony show, and for you to start discreet negotiations with the military but I need you to hold back on the latter for at least a month."
But leaving Tony behind hurt. Tony was his only friend in the world... no, that wasn't fair to Howard. Howard had been just as kind, and even more understanding, despite being justifiably uneasy about taking on SHIELD.
Happy drew in a sharp breath and put down the boot case. "What hit you?"
Steve ignored him, stepping through into the room beyond.
"I seem to recall something about 'no'."
Tony had designed a new one, with better armour yet more flexible, and not so anachronistic, in a style he much preferred. It was in his suitcase now and, no, he wasn't going to wear that to dinner or even take it with him. The shield, though, that was different. He needed that within reach.
"The Board is going to discover that it has no stake in Stark Energy sooner or later," Tony retorted. "And what the hell are we paying off all those Senators and Representatives for, anyway? You might remind them how those funds are going to vanish if they rat on us."
"You've given me so much," Steve said into his hair. "Let me give you something in return."
"Shh. Shh," Tony kissed the tears leaking onto his cheeks. "You should have told me. It doesn't matter to me. It's you. Just you."
Carter looked... almost relieved. "Not for a long time," she admitted. "She died when I was very young."
There was no time to reply because the tumult of water was already up to Steve's chin, the thin fuselage walls caving in under the pressure as it sank down towards the bottom.
"At once, Steve."
"Who was being tempted by what?"
And there had been times, recently, when his old instincts had started to stir, to suggest that there was something trailing him in the shadows.
He did wonder if Tony had noticed that the further they got from the cabin the more jumpy both of them became. If it had just been him, Steve would have understood it better, at least at first, because he didn’t know these woods. He could have easily become lost, but Tony could find his way home in the dark.
"The person who should be in this body," Steve said. "I – we think that when Tony touched the artefact it brought me here. Can you help us reverse the process – send me to wherever I was and bring him back?"
"Things got a little hectic around here. To be honest, I'm surprised there was anyone here to save when you arrived."
"He offered me one and I refused. I don't have a licence for one."
Natasha, on the other hand, had decided to travel back to the 1960s, in a tie-dyed dress that came to her ankles and, God help him,
And no one mentioned eminent domain.
Steve said, from behind him, "Don't blame Tony. According to Thor, I really was dead, for a while."
Steve was drifting through dreams of great black cats with green and yellow eyes, of the flash of guns and rainbow light and dark wings, of a train racing above a snowy abyss and a huge tree spreading over a darker, deeper place; and voices, a menacing deep growl, and the seductive voice of a woman both spreading cold into his heart, and a much loved voice, shouting his name in anguish – he fled from them toward wakefulness, but each time he understood that these were dreams, and he was reassured and fell back into them.
"Steve! Let up. I'm fine," Tony snarled right back through clenched teeth. "Talk about over-reaction!"
"But it's not what I wanted. Or what you needed."
Those weren't the only things from the mine that were loaded onto the plane. The four crates containing what turned out to be refined vibranium were also placed on board before T'Challa's people left, along with a note from the Panther himself, which said, simply: "Because you didn't ask or try to bargain for this. And because I want you to succeed. Guard it well."
"She has heard of this Henry Pym," Okoye said, "and would be grateful for his assistance."
Pepper looked wildly about her, and her hand reached for the tumbler he had left on the dressing table.
He made his decision. "There's a bio-engineer called Helen Cho," he said. "Keep an eye on her career and arrange a meeting when you think the time is right."
"Wake me when the pizza arrives," Tony said, around a yawn. "And brew up some coffee. I suspect this is going to be an all-nighter."
"Not done arguing about that, Steve." The old, familiar, mockery was back in Tony's voice.
"I need to see Steve first." Not that he had any intention of going to any Charity Gala. Not tonight.
Still no reply.
"You're rolling your eyes, aren't you?" Tony said. Then, "Let's go and find if our celebrity as superheroes, or at least yours as the symbol of American rectitude, will get us access to the footage. Otherwise I may have to get Jarvis to hack it."
"Hey yourself," Steve replied, forcing himself to smile back.
When the bright mists cleared he was still clasping Thor's arm, but the angle was different – wrong. He was lying flat on his back, propped on huge, soft pillows—
"I can't tell you."
Ahead of them, the track ran through a gate in a high thorn fence and on into a large clearing, filled with a village of circular mud huts thatched with grass. Except that the walls were not mud but some material that glowed warm gold in the rising sun and the thatch
Because he knew that no one could hear him, not even the ever-present Jarvis, he screamed in rage and terror.
He'd been fucking pathetic last night. And he was lucky to be waking up at all. Those were things he could not say to Steve. He
"Iron Man, remember?"
Still no memory but, even though he felt a stab of distaste, the pistol fitted comfortably into his hand. Despite its soaking, it seemed to be in working order. He fired a single shot to make sure, and was startled by how quiet it was.
That made Tony laugh, then started him coughing, which, damn it, was so painful he wasn't able to conceal it.
Yet, though he was exceptionally busy with the rebuilding of the tower (and, where he could help, with the rest of Manhattan), pulling apart what he had been able to salvage of the Chitauri tech, upgrading the armour, setting the research department straight at least once a day and laying the groundwork for the next but one innovation in personal communications, part of his mind continued to speculate about the attack on Steve's Brooklyn apartment.
Tony groaned to himself and slowed noticeably. "Jan? Or Hank?"
"My guys didn't wait for me to say anything. Nothing could have stopped them tackling Doom. I suggested telepathically to your Dad to leave them to it. I stole your location from his mind. I'm sorry, but—"
"Will that be all, Mr Stark?"
Margaret Carter's headstone was simple; it showed her name, her birth and death dates, and the simple inscription: "She fought the good fight."
Pepper looked as if she was going to cry and that brought Tony's first wince.
Howard sighed. "That is not going to make your friends less suspicious, Tony."
"What?" Tony was startled.
"Ho! Iron Man!"
If he ever saw Tony again, because his chest was tightening, and he couldn't seem to find his way out... The water was thick with mud and debris and he only had one hand free and his lungs were crying out for air...
Thor sighed and shook his head. "I hope against hope that I do not. But I fear that I what I suspect is true: that Karnilla, Queen of the Norns, is not dead, as Loki assured us, so many years ago, but hidden here on Earth, even from the eyes of Heimdall, for if he knew she lived the alarm would have been raised. As for the stone – it is as dangerous as she is, nearly as powerful as the Tesseract."
For half a heartbeat he considered responding, but it wasn't worth the risk. It was years since he'd felt that particular need...
Jan smiled mysteriously and said, "It must be seriously annoying to Tony that you don't notice." Then, before he could reply, she glanced at her watch. "Is that the time? We might even have been missed. Let's go find out."
"I... Yes, but... you shouldn't... there's Pepper."
she asked.
Steve was still watching him closely. "I think you need a long soak in a hot tub," he said. "Jarvis, could you fill the bathtub, please."
For the first time in what seemed like years, Tony found himself smiling as he made his way to his workshop.
"Captain Rogers has overriding access to all Stark Industries assets," Jarvis replied.
Would that man have fallen in love with Tony? There must be some way to give him the chance, to give him back the life...
Steve shook his head helplessly. "This... is all... so damn... weird."
Impossible.
Steve bit back, "Jarvis tricked me," and "There wasn't anyone else." Instead, he looked straight up at Tony, and, without trying to control his expression or the emotion in his voice said, "Because someone very clever worked out how much I know about losing people. And what it's like to be totally alone."
There was a slightly uncomfortable silence as Tony called the elevator, which lasted until they stepped into the car. At once, Pepper spoke, but not to Tony. "Jarvis, could you ask Steve to come to the Penthouse. I need to talk to him."
Only the last thing he could remember wasn't a glass of something alcoholic, but a masked man in white.
Steve remained silent, breathing slowly, trying to control his rage.
"Which I can't sell without your – either of your – agreement."
"So did my Dad," Tony snapped back.
Tony was laughing as he hitched a hip onto the edge of the laboratory bench and said, "Okay, Jarvis. Put him on."
"I coulda told you that," Steve said. "And I've known him less than a year. Which means you must have known how he'd react from the start."
"And they have something that looks like a variant on Chitauri weaponry," Hawkeye added, as a final explosion shook the world about them.
And Tony, for one, had been doing all he could to encourage that attitude because the fewer people who knew that truth, the better.
Thor?
"In a metaphor for your long term memory," Xavier replied. "It seems... rather empty."
Yeah, right, maybe, "That timing sucked so much," wasn't quite right for the occasion, particularly as he didn't want to criticise Pepper – had no right to criticise Pepper.
The helicarrier was hovering with a few feet between its keel and the surface of the upper bay, the downdraft from the rotors raising spectacular clouds of spray that masked its shape from the shore.
To what? Not their escape, obviously.
"No, you can. You just won't." Rhodey's voice dripped with disappointment.
"We're still looking, and Jarvis is also looking from the other end, trying to track the state of Ross's project or its spinoffs."
It was high quality paper and the print quality was also excellent, probably from a laser printer.
"Please."
"Not sure how we're gonna get the stain out," Tony said.
It was followed closely by shock, for this was a Natasha he had not expected to see, not the lean fighter, hair tightly bound, grief and worry lining her face, her eyes always suspicious.
Tony rounded on him with an expression of what Steve could have sworn was relief. "Everyone has a fucking choice, Rogers! He made his bed, now he can lie in it!"
"Start the coffee machine, Jarvis.
"So," Tony continued, looking about him with distaste. "Where are we?"
When he'd seen him in that block of ice he'd felt pity – and the reminder that a reputedly 4F guy had been subjected to a super-soldier process, cured of all his ills and transformed into human perfection had given him the idea that he might be able to cure himself using Extremis.
Of course, if he was carrying his phone and if he could get a signal which was unlikely to say the least, he might have been able to call Steve or Bruce. However, that phone was sitting taking voicemail in the lab in Stark Tower, because it might be tracked by GPS.
The said Miss Potts – and he was sure now it must be Miss Potts – gave a small exasperated sigh. "You mean he's deliberately pissing him off. You're well out of that, Captain, though being a spectator can be fun and seeing Tony lose occasionally is always worthwhile." She offered her hand. "I'm Pepper Potts."
"Fat chance. We're trapped here."
Tony resisted smirking. It took a real effort, but he managed it. "Oh, and when you tell Fury about this, you can also tell him to keep the blonde who looks and sounds like Peggy Carter away from Steve."
"I do not need a name. You may address me as 'Computer.'"
"Is it always like this?" Cap – no, Steve, because Captain America would never allow himself to look so young and vulnerable – asked.
Steve was red-faced but otherwise unharmed, as the armour's computer confirmed. He tried to stand, but the armour hampered him so much Tony had to grab an arm to help him. "What was that about, Tony? The armour is there to protect you."
Steve sank down next to him, his shoulder brushing Tony's. "That was astonishing," he said. "Maybe I should pass the shield to you." Then, again, "It wasn't James Rhodes."
He wished he'd thought harder about agreeing when Tony had proposed this hike to a stone outcrop he had sworn was called the Devil's Ironing Board. Steve was not sure he believed that, any more than he believed that Tony did not have some ulterior motive. Tony knew he enjoyed walking, and being together, and, all too possibly, that he didn't like Tony going off on his own. He needed to be there to protect him.
There was a squeal in the background that did not sound like either Thor or Selvig, even as Dr Foster said, "Yes. Yes, of course. Thor, honey, don't crush the cell. It's fragile, at least in your hands."
"They're less competent than I am, and I'm not treating eye injuries," Bruce snapped. "Good evening, Director." Bruce's hand tugged insistently at Tony's arm, and he responded to it while really, really wishing he could see Fury's face.
His interpreter gave a small laugh.
Tony swallowed, and began to pick carefully at the tape. Finally, he was able to strip the dressing away.
"For me. They think that by holding me they will stop progress, keep Wakanda and its people in the past while still holding onto our technological lead on the continent. They are quite wrong." That barb seemed to be aimed at White Wolf and the man who placed it seemed surprised that it went unanswered. He was frowning as he turned to Tony. "But you were accompanied here." His intense gaze switched back to Steve, silent in the White Wolf suit. "Hunter, what have you done with Mr Stark's companion? His freedom was to be guaranteed too."
Tony didn't struggle but instead said, earnestly, "Steve, listen to me. You know your metabolism's accelerated, that you need more calories per day than most people, right? And that if you can't get those calories your body compensates? But if that goes on long enough, the serum will start shutting down unnecessary functions, the way it did in the ice. Hunger may be one of those. You've got to let me go get you some food... chocolate and Powerbars to start with, then we'll weigh in with the proteins. Now, let go, huh? I'll be back, promise."
Hunter raised an eyebrow at him.
"They aren't after my tech," Tony said. "Or information about... well, anything in particular. Which is damned insulting."
Tony took a couple of steps towards Steve, hands clenching into fists. "It was his choice to put himself at the mercy of the Air Force. I've asked him to quit and work for me often enough – and he knows whether he does or not he'll have the best legal protection that my money can buy. He also knows, better than you do, Rogers,
"Jan, if anyone tries to go through the portal, stop them!" Tony ordered, preparing to blow a hole in the rock wall.
"There was something outside – above the lake – a moving light. It looked like it was heading for—" He paused as realisation hit him. "It looked like it was heading for the cemetery."
"Uh-uh. Not my business. Rhodey made his position quite clear, just as I made mine."
A woman was waiting for them in the drive, her smile wide. She was neat and slim, dressed in jeans cut for riding and man's sports shirt.
What Clea said was, "And if there is not? If there is no blame in staying here with your soulmate?"
"What about you?" Tony shoved back Steve's cowl, making him wince. His fair hair was matted with blood. "Damn it,
Steve let out a breath of relief: Tony was actually going to tell him. "So what is it?" he asked, trying to keep even a hint of accusation out of his voice. "C'mon, Tony, you've obviously been sitting on something. Now give."
"I don't know. From here that cloud looks more in Nassau County than to Queens, maybe. Bruce left a couple of hours ago. Said he was going over to Culver University, wherever that is."
"Stark, Wakanda doesn't officially exist. It's not recognised by the UN or by the World Security Council."
Once Marilyn's concerns had been dealt with, Tony detailed some further changes to his will.
"Yeah."
The house felt empty.
"How the hell do you know? You've never met him."
"Teach me," he whispered.
There was silence as everyone contemplated this ridiculous idea.
"Or maybe the Chitauri
"Tony, I—"
Jean took a breath. "I don't control—"
He was too great a problem for Tony and Howard to deal with, for all their confidence in their own judgement. They were taking too great a risk for someone they didn't know and had only met a couple of days ago.
It didn't seem real.
They'd order pizza when Tony was awake to eat it; if he still needed one of his favourite comfort foods at that point.
It was a revelation.
"Or why you overdid the hostility to Natalie Rushman, another SHIELD agent, despite having given the order to hire her. But you thought you were safe because I don't take an interest in hiring anywhere outside R&D, right? Same with the
"Howard, I'd like that." He made a quick and simple decision. "I guess you'd better call me 'Steve'." It was most acceptable of the names he had been offered.
"Asgardian magic," Tony said, as he lifted Steve in his arms. "Thor must have called his hammer. Which, unfortunately, exists in two versions right now. The god of thunder and lightning is going to get a different kind of shock when a duplicate turns up." He chuckled. "Oh, I wish I could be there to see his face..."
"I'd prefer it."
One of Natasha's eyebrows was disappearing into her hairline. She turned to look at Clint, who had widened his eyes.
right, I call the fourth amendment, so produce your warrant. If you do have the authority to search this building. Which I doubt."
Dropping to one knee, he pulled up a chunk of grass, then scraped away a little topsoil to reveal concrete beneath. Raising his head to the level of the pathway grass, it was easy to trace its course to the creek in the slanting evening light.
"I know of something that could set off such an explosion," Fury said, forestalling Tony. "So does Stark. But if it was that, someone or something brought it here and it into contact with the leviathan."
The Panther looked back at him from where was pulling away a tarpaulin and extracting a white cube with a hollowed out centre. "Patience," he suggested, placing it on the smooth part of the floor. A touch to one side, and it sprang to life in light and heat and a semblance of flame. Next he unearthed a trio of carved wooden stools, then terracotta flasks of water and boxes containing what turned out to be the Wakandan equivalent of field rations, which were self-heating and which Steve pronounced to be "excellent".
Of course, he wasn't going to be able to sleep right now, and he was determined to be around to mock Steve if... when... he failed to talk the Panther round.
Behind this motley crowd rose a massive building made of some black stone, sitting on a podium carved in low relief with stylised big cats – lionesses or leopards – with wide steps rising to a portico where squat, fluted pillars fronted another wall, though the carvings, if there were any, were in shadow. The actual entrance to the temple was through the mouth of a giant snarling stone cat.
"Jarvis, analysis."
"Yes, Ms Van Dyne." Jarvis's voice from the air made everyone except Steve and Jan herself jump. "The express elevator will be with you shortly."
Tony was inclined to agree with her. "The odds are against it. What about White Wolf?"
"Ross is obsessed with Cap and the Other Guy," Tony said. "He doesn't like me but I don't think trying to kill me is a priority. Certainly killing Betty isn't. Nor does he have access to the type of tech used in that attack or that Steve, Jan, Hank and I saw in Africa. If he still thinks Steve is dead he certainly wasn't privy to the attack on us by the War Machine armour. To which he never had access."
The elevator doors slid open.
"Yeah."
weaponry; you think of that?" Tony retorted.
And a feeling of disappointment. Always disappointment.
They exchanged identical glances that might mean anything or perhaps they were just electing a spokesperson. If so, Natasha got the unanimous vote.
Tony decided to take this in stride, and limited his reaction to a raised eyebrow and a deep breath. "How long do we have, JARVIS?" And, if his eyes were pricking with tears, he was not going to let them fall.
"I was... I dunno... relieved. Profoundly. Shocked, too. I'm kinda used to dealing on my own. With Steve. Yeah. It was, y'know, Steve. He's my—"
Tony had reached the window. The blinds were open but there was no light in the room. His own lights picked out the edges of furniture, reflected off a television screen and a mirror.
He shook his head, not in negation but in puzzlement. "I don't know what you even mean..."
Tony took a deep breath and steadied himself. "We'll meet in half an hour in the Avengers' conference room. Jarvis will inform everyone else and direct you there. Jarvis, that includes Hank. Tell him to bring his guest. Oh, and provide coffee for everyone."
He had anticipated that he would run into language difficulties or, even worse, a security cordon that excluded him at the research centre but, though no one seemed to speak more than an odd word of any language he knew, he was greeted with obvious respect, and led quickly through the building.
He was lying flat on rear seat in a moving vehicle, wrapped in a soft blanket.
"Tony, I've known you less than a week and I don't buy it either."
"What do you want to know?" he asked cautiously.
And Steve wasn't just talking about his father, was he?
Steve took a flying leap that landed him on the jetty and sprinted towards the French doors. "Wait—" Tony began, but then Steve was inside, without even a glance behind him.
Steve had never tasted food like it. Tony had plainly briefed Miranda, for Steve's plates always held at least three times as much as Tony's. His own wine glass was filled with the appropriate amount for each course, but Tony, apart from a glass of champagne with the crayfish, stuck to water.
To Steve's relief, neither Storm nor Danvers had any objection to getting out of Dodge.
"Doctor Ross? The cellular biologist? I've heard of your work."
"You should have realised Pepper was under duress."
Being here with Stark was dangerous. Staying within reach of an organisation controlled by a shadowy political body willing to destroy New York, and that regarded the Avengers as a danger to mankind when it wasn't using them, had seemed stupid then and seemed stupid now. It was the reason he and Romanoff and Barton had scattered in the first place, with Tony's money behind them and Tony's expertise to remove them from SHIELD's computer records while his device was still in place in the Helicarrier. He'd also created new identities for them. Maybe the Widow and Hawkeye were still together. He hoped so.
"Bucky?" Steve snorted. "I grew up with Bucky. Since I was three I spent as much – more – time with his family than I did with my mother because she worked so hard. His mom even looked after me sometimes when I was sick and my mom had to be on shift. When I wasn't in his apartment, he was in ours. He was
Moments later, the place was silent. The only things Tony could hear were the harsh breathing of the gunmen, someone whimpering with fright and the occasional thud of falling plaster.
"You don't believe someone else—?"
"An invitation?" Thor asked, "Should we accept it?"
Tony saw Jan's eyes narrow in anger. He said, quickly, "Jarvis, have Ms Potts' luggage brought up out of store, and any of mine that she might want to borrow. Also, alert Happy that I need him. He's to meet me in the garage."
He took a breath of clean air. Two. Three. Then it wasn't darkness, or silence. Instead there was the glare of streetlights, the mellow glow of the reception lights through the glass doors and the gleam of car headlamps, plus the sound of running feet.
"I don't want—"
Clint snickered. "You sound like an Agatha Christie novel. What body? There's no record of a body."
"What are you going to do with him?" Steve demanded, getting unsubtly in their way.
He broke off as, out of the corner of his eye, he saw the War Machine's guns unfold from below shoulder plate; the car surged forward in response to an instinctive shove of foot on gas pedal. "We're in trouble."
Steve took one look and pulled off the road, even as something came flying straight at the window. For an instant, he thought, "Grenade!" and he slammed on the brakes – but, unless things had changed drastically in seventy years – grenades weren't that small and certainly weren't green—
"At least three of them. They grabbed us just now and interrogated me with a rather effective truth gas. And they have serious tech, Jay. Some sort of stealth device that absorbs light and sound or maybe bends it. They fled when SHIELD arrived in quantity and armed to the teeth, so monitor SHIELD channels to find out if they're still in hot pursuit. The bad guys can't be more than a few hundred yards away."
"If you were going to get pneumonia you would have got it in the Arctic Ocean." Tony was looking anywhere but at Steve. There was something in his voice that alarmed Steve, but before he could identify it, Tony was continuing, "Think you're up to a short flight?"
"I already have to deal with you being the absent chairman without our LAX team and your personal pilots reporting a missing seventy million dollar aircraft."
"No, you don't owe me. Friends 'owe' each other nothing."
"At once, sir."
Steve ran his hand once more round the edge of the shield, then put it back against the wall. "Not half as much as you being here does." He moved to stand looking down at Tony, aching to lean over and kiss him, but not sure whether it would be allowed. Instead, he folded to his knees beside the chair, so that he was no longer threatening – or tempted – and their eyes were nearly on a level. "Thank you, Tony. For everything. And you had every right to be angry."
"Jarvis is hacking the service databases now," Tony said, more calmly. "They're our best bet."
"Ouch!"
Carefully, Tony eased his phone from his pocket. The screen lit at his touch, but there was no trace of a signal.
"What?" Tony sounded half-asleep already.
Yet he was continually putting his own life on the line.
"Plotted," Jarvis said, as the HUD lit up.
"Not exactly, sir."
"I didn't expect the explosion," Tony protested. "In fact, I don't even know how it happened."
"Just exploring the possibilities," his father said placatingly. "Tony, why are you so defensive about this man?"
"Not spectacularly." Though he had, in fact, taken no more than a single mouthful of the Scotch, as Tony spoke a wave of dizziness swept over him, leaving him trembling. Fuck it, the stimulant T'Challa had ordered his personal physician to give him must be wearing off. He was going to have to speed things up. Gathering his wits, he straightened and placed the glass carefully on the dressing table. "What are you doing packing at nine forty-five in the morning?"
"Okay, Jarvis," he said. "Let's take a final look at those specs before I transmit them to Seattle. And I'll need a base on the West Coast for a while. Have the Malibu house prepped."
Tony felt a surge of panic: was Steve going to walk away from the Tower for a second time? In just his speedos? No way.
"You want me to check if this Sharon actually exists?" Tony asked.
The light cut off abruptly. He felt the scratch of Tony's beard against his neck, the press of his body against his back as his arms slid around his waist, the softness of his genitals against his thighs...
"It would be easy enough to work out," Tony replied. "You have to be in the top thirty on the Forbes Rich List to afford one of your rooms, and living in California to make use of it. It's not usual for the same dining room to be available for months, and everybody and his mother knows I'd moved to New York for that period. Someone with a lot of money, even by my standards, was prepared to block book the room and actually use it, so that they'd know when I was there."
"Outside mike on, Jarvis. Jan, where are you hanging on?"
"Master. Yogthulu. I call you." The voice, cracked and lifeless, came from across the room, from the battered head of the Doombot.
"Didn't seem like the sort of commander his men would question."
Tony thought, as he slithered towards the shield.
The pool was close by but the spa was over eight feet in diameter and the jets had stopped automatically a few minutes ago.
Steve did not look at all convinced, but so long he didn't think to ask whether the explosion had done so much damage that the armour might have sprung several leaks unless he surfaced at once – or Jarvis didn't rat to him – he would have to accept it, because Jarvis always told the truth.
"I needed to think."
Tony shrugged. "He may have forgotten about it. It was over twenty years between the base here being decommissioned and his death, and he'd been pretty much soaking himself in alcohol for at least three quarters of those years that I know about."
"I was disguised."
Steve shifted restlessly in a seat that had somehow reclined into a real – if slightly narrow – bed. He couldn't complain that it wasn't comfortable because it was, like nearly everything associated with Tony, luxurious.
"He isn't telling us everything, Cap."
Tony muttered something unintelligible, his fingers biting into Steve's bicep.
It still left room for too many thoughts. Life here was good, but it couldn't go on forever. Sooner or later – probably sooner – Tony was going to realise what a fraud Steve was. And he was still struggling to accept what Tony – and Howard – had done to protect him, not to mention the risks Tony had taken. He remembered vividly how abandoned he had felt when Tony had vanished, leaving him alone in a world he didn't understand, in the care of Howard, whom he hadn't quite trusted.
Okoye's nose wrinkled, as if the words had brought a bad smell into the room. Her lips pursed.
Thor.
"Promises, promises."
This Sanctum was apparently older than that in New York. The walls beside a huge fireplace seemed to have been repaired by Roman brick and the door jambs were rough-hewn stone. Its resident Master was a genial African who ushered them into a bedroom where Tony was able to lay Steve down on a bed. He and Natasha stripped him of his nano-suit and tucked him in without another word between them. The suit had closed the hole and absorbed the blood, and there was no longer a wound or even a scar on his shoulder. Only his undershirt still showed a small bloodstain.
Stark must have put him to bed after he'd passed out.
And on those displays black clad SHIELD agents were piling out of their SUVs, weapons that he did not recognise in their hands.
Who wasn't going to answer that one. But it was obvious that Jan wasn't going to keep that information to herself, and Steve was looking distinctly uncomfortable.
"HuffPo?
"Hush." Jan drew the blanket over him. "Humour me. Rest. You don't have to sleep if you don't want to..."
"Don't bet on that." Tony's voice was grim.
"I can't stay here," Steve said. "I will not place you in danger, Tony. This place is vulnerable. Both Loki and Ultron targeted it."
With Tony armed and reasonably safe, Steve concentrated on disarming and disabling as many of the warriors as he could without killing any of them. He could not take such chances with the dogs.
"You may not want to drive straight to the garage, not if you want to keep Steve's presence secret," Howard said. "The computer has just reported that Pepper has arrived – and, of course, you ordered that no one should be allowed in—"
It didn't startle him the way his surroundings had, which was odd, and the man in the suit was younger than he had somehow expected.
But Tony was under no illusion that anyone outside Asgard would be.
"May O'Hara, Fox News: By what right have Stark Industries appropriated national icon Captain America?"
The next four days passed in a dream of pleasure. Even when they weren't naked in bed together, they usually managed to be skin to skin in some way, often just holding hands or cuddling together on the sofa. Tony felt that perhaps Steve had found some peace. Well, he hoped he had found some peace.
"What?"
Steve thought. Then,
He said, "I'm not letting you out of my sight – not when you're doing something that might be dangerous."
She seemed resigned to it.
"And Cap?"
It also isolated them from each other.
"Sure, Tony." Steve's arm was round his waist again, supporting him as they made their way up the spiral stairway. This time he did not protest, let alone push him away.
Despite there being only two people seated at the end of a table that was designed for twenty, its marble top was almost invisible under the scatter of takeaway containers, paper bags, bottles, glasses, porcelain plates, exquisite Chinese bowls, silver flatware and cheap wooden chopsticks.
"You get Dad's message, Lori?"
Two figures were forming in the centre of the room.
The second floor of the Executive Residence had two human heat signatures. The one in the East Sitting Hall he presumed to be the President's. The other was in one of the bedrooms. If that was who he thought it was, he might be able to get in without lasering any locks.
." There was love as well as exasperation in Miss Potts' voice. "You've sent the Avengers away, made yourself the only visible target – and I could have come home to bury you..."
"Jarvis, physics doesn't work like that. If nothing else, every single fuse and transformer should have blown and if they didn't then the wiring would burn out."
"Forget the wildlife. Is Fury armed?"
"You're far too calm about this. Suppose they try to sequester the Iron Man?"
There was much muttering around the table and angry glares directed at the Ancient One as well as at Tony and Natasha.
It was Thor who answered. "Captain Rogers was healed in Asgard. It was he who sent me to turn the hurricane aside."
Reminded, he reached up and took the tiny communicator out of his ear. One of the first things he'd done when the Battle of Manhattan was over had been to tear apart one of the SHIELD earpieces and remake it smaller, neater and
Which was patently untrue, but Steve sensed that Tony was not in the least scared for either of them, so he held back.
"What do we do now?" Jan asked.
"Peggy Carter."
"Run!" he snarled, pushing her back towards the doors because he couldn't leave Happy like this and—
"Well, we weren't, not exactly. Colonel Danvers asked a favour of Tony Stark. There's a question we wanted to ask you about your sister, so he asked her to trace you and ask it. She went to your last C.O., who's a friend of hers. He told her you'd been shanghaied. She came to us looking for help and, between us, we managed to trace you here. Colonel Danvers and Captain Rogers are going to come into the open so you can see them. Please don't shoot at them. It'll only cause more trouble."
"Or how Madame Masque had gotten hold of one?" Howard asked.
Steve bristled, the first sign of real animation that he had shown. "That wasn't Bucky, but the Winter Soldier. The brainwashing. And—"
T'Challa gestured to the open door. "You will find computers with access to the internet inside."
"He didn't have the opportunity either," Tony admitted. "Or when he did there were more immediate topics to discuss." He sighed and slumped back down into his chair. "The timing suggests that that monster in Seattle may finally have convinced Fury that there is a leak in his organisation. Step one would be to close down their computer network in case they'd been hacked."
"It's not that simple, Thor."
Yes, Steve – he presumed it was Steve – it had better be Steve – had moved away. Possibly out of the workshop and out of his life.
Inside the armour, Steve was shaking with terror. When this was over he was going to give Tony the tongue-lashing of his life, but right now he wanted to grab him and fly him hundreds of miles from danger. Except that he no longer had control of the Iron Man armour. Not that he had had much control of it before.
Once the introductions were complete, Tony called the meeting to order. "T'Challa," he said, "you plainly didn't come here to sample our hospitality, so—"
"Sir," Jarvis said urgently. "The vehicle was a diversion. Seven contacts, all reading baseline human, are making their way towards the portal."
After about thirty seconds, a female voice said, "Foster. Who is this?"
And so it had proved.
"Anything else?" Natasha asked, with a raised eyebrow. "Fury's phone number? Everyone's security passwords? The helicarrier overrides?"
Not that it would, because the choice wasn't going to be his.
Maybe it would have been better never to be found, because he couldn't bear to have his chance of happiness snatched away a second time...
Howard winced, but did not argue. "Bruce?" he suggested.
"You're squandering assets like there's no—"
"Thor had information I didn't," he said, defensively.
"Do you think they were spying on us?" he asked, remembering uncomfortably how close he had come to breaking down in Tony's arms yesterday.
It took all his willpower to shake his head.
"Jury's still out on that," Clint said. "I'm reduced to attempting internet genealogy with Jarvis's help. How sad is that?"
White Wolf snapped a single word which stopped the warrior with his hand hovering over the light in Tony's chest. "You're awake. Interesting," he said, in English, and Steve wished desperately that he could see his face behind that mask, to judge his intent.
"Neither was the one they moved into," Tony said dryly. "Luckily, by then they'd moved again."
T'Challa inclined his head. "As you say. I thank you for this service, and so does my Council."
He had not slept well, the nightmares that had begun to fade back at Stark Tower returning in full force, but this time he had found himself back in the laboratory where he had become Captain America, with the dreadful pain of the transformation wracking his body, with his friends – Peggy and Howard and Erskine and Bucky and, God help him, Tony – drinking champagne and ignoring his screams.
"Bother." The milder Jan's expletives, the more strongly she was feeling. She looked down at herself and winced. "Hank needs to make some changes to this fabric," she said flippantly. "The rain's turning the yellow bits of this costume transparent. Don't suppose you're going to be a gentleman and lend me your metal suit."
All the same, Steve wiped the controller clean of his fingerprints – just in case – then heaved the unconscious body of its nominal owner into a sitting position, propped it against his own knee, and used its right hand to manipulate the controls.
"Is that why you stole it?"
Thor grinned at him, the battle light in his eyes. "They will not want for it."
"And you people have just admitted that you're not OSI."
"Lunch," Tony said. He took Steve's hand and allowed himself to be hauled to his feet. "And horror is probably right— what the—?"
And then, suddenly, it was growing larger and heavier, pushing his fingers apart. Moments later, Janet Van Dyne, clad in a blue pants suit – with ripped sleeves that were definitely not fashionable revealing the gleaming metal encasing her arms – was standing in front of him, her waist solid and warm against his palm.
Wordlessly, Steve opened the top drawer of the bedside table, took out the StarkPad inside, and put it on the bed besides Tony.
Assuming she was speaking of Loki, of whom she still appeared fond, Steve held back any further questions.
"Not in New York," Steve said. "Or Kansas, come to that."
"I had help," Tony said. "Guy called Yinsen. Saved my life by sticking an electro-magnet in my chest, kept me sane while they tortured me, helped me build the miniature ARC reactor and the armour, helped me escape, gave his life for me..."
"Air Force?" Steve asked.
"When you said 'vibranium' I knew it was a purple-tinted silver metal with some unique properties, and when you said, 'Wakanda'..." He hesitated. "I take it that's a country, but... it scares me and reassures me all at once."
Everything was suddenly clear, though, by God, it was a stretch. "You think it has something to do with that hurricane heading for the east coast."
Lightning strikes? But lightning didn't normally aim for people.
"I'm sorry to hear that. Tony was counting on Xavier."
"Pep's fine," he answered lightly, and truthfully. "Overworked, but which of us isn't?"
Hennis's lip curled. "Rogers is AWOL from his US Army unit."
Sooner or later, everyone betrayed him.
Tony winced. "Whitney wants to kill my Dad, because she blames me for what happened to her Dad, who's sorta in the same state you were twenty four hours ago. She thinks that would be the best revenge on me."
Tony's plans are in motion, but there is no peace for him on the West coast.  Meanwhile, Asgard is not a safe a haven as it might appear.
"You're the one who's lived his life in a media storm. I don't want to do any damage to you or your company—"
A tornado of light materialised, joining the centres of both circles and Tony imagined he could see figures within it...
"What? Why would you do that?" Thor asked, apparently for all five of them.
"Too many people knew that secret already," Tony said and, Christ, he could so easily have told Pepper, but it was only by promising Bruce that he would keep the information to himself that he had finally persuaded him to accept the Oklahoma refuge. He kept to the letter of that by not telling Hank and Jan – and later, Steve – where they were going before taking them there. "But it's a place that's no longer as safe as it might be. When we find Bruce, I'm going to try to persuade him to stay at Avengers' Tower – if you were there, it might make that task easier. And the facilities are great."
"Steve?" Even as he spoke, reality came crashing in. He blinked Hank Pym into focus. "Hank." He sat up abruptly. "What's the word on T'Challa?"
Tony's frown did not vanish. "She did? I thought your team was up to their necks in negotiations on the Stark Energy foreign subsidiaries and you needed to ride herd on them."
Hill shrugged. "Once Fury knew Stark was coming back to New York he set a watch on Stark Tower. Once we saw Hogan and Potts were heading out through the Holland Tunnel, he figured this would be where you landed, even if your ultimate destination would be McGuire Field. Stark wouldn't have been allowed to land there – currently nothing is – but no one could stop him landing here. And no one is going to delay him with red tape on his own airfield."
They needed allies. The people lurking in the jungle didn't act like warriors; they acted like people who wanted to help, but were scared of the Iron Man armour. He could hardly blame them for being scared of something designed to be scary.
"SHIELD is still maintaining that there were no casualties," Tony said, leaning back against the lab bench.
There was a moment's silence, time enough for Steve to mentally cross his fingers, then the reply came, "Nothing. Guess it's a wash," and he didn't know whether he was relieved or annoyed.
"For that, Director, we'd have to be under your command." The amusement was back, in force. "If you should happen to discover who set that booby trap, I'd appreciate you contacting Stark Tower. Now, if you'll excuse me..."
"When he has time to think about it. I couldn't take care of the company all day, and then take care of Tony. I just couldn't, Steve. I wanted someone to, just occasionally, take care of me."
"Now that I have to see," Steve said, as they skimmed through the swirling fog, which would hide them from prying eyes. No doubt the Iron Man sensors allowed Tony to steer accurately. A stray thought caused him to ask, "Can you actually roller skate, Tony?"
"I guess. Maybe. A little. Not clearly."
"Tony, what the devil...?"
"You're so... kind. The girl tried to kill you."
"Now," Tony said, "did you find anything for dinner, or shall we call for takeout?"
Steve fought to control his breathing. "I think I had a right to be angry," he said. "In the garage, you brushed me off," he went on, knowing he sounded petulant and not caring much in the tumult of his feelings. "When I got out of that car... seeing you alive... all I wanted to do was go to you. I'd been... worried."
"I wasn't—" Steve began, but Tony overrode him.
"No trace, sir. The computers in any one unit may be connected by fibre optic cable, but they could not network between the ground and the helicarrier," Jarvis said. "They may have resorted to sneakerware."
"Just tell him," Tony growled. "Jarvis, am I losing my touch?"
Somehow or other Thor's voice was clear despite the thunder.
Tony could think of nothing to say to that, though his thoughts were racing.
"I'm sorry, Colonel," Suit-and-sunglasses said, sounding not in the least sorry. "I'm also a Federal agent and I am in charge here. You'd better just stand back and let us get on with our jobs."
"Nope. Sometimes the stock market drops and then it gets really exciting. Better this than a Board meeting."
A signal. He only hoped it meant what he suspected it did.
"That wasn't a normal Doombot," Tony said. "It was a mixture of tech and programmed organics. That's why Jean could read its mind and I could sense the tech, but neither of us could control it."
"Furthermore," Jarvis continued, huffily, "there is no county stated – it should be Hampshire – or its abbreviation 'HANTS' and, even worse, no postal code – the equivalent of a ZIP code."
"We'll get rid of it. Thor will go with you for protection."
"I've pushed my authority beyond its limits," the Colonel said, "and I think MacTavish knows it. He won't want the responsibility of having Storm and the girl around – won't want to know anything about them. He'll let me carry that can. The prisoners are a different matter. He'll hold them as long as he can, officially at my request, unless you want to take some or all of them with us for interrogation?"
Except Steve's, he couldn't – wouldn't – go in there. Not now.
Pepper's face fell. "I thought— What, something came up? What am I, chopped liver? You talked to Dad
"A rush of internalised homophobia?"
doesn't trust."
Tony felt his shoulders tense, though he tried to keep his voice steady. "Gee, and here was I thinking Iron Man was a national icon too. Or maybe an International Icon. But Captain Rogers is on the Avengers payroll, not on the Stark Industries payroll."
The inside of the metal doors gleamed bright at one end, while extensive living accommodation had been laid out at the other. What was presumably mining equipment took up a considerable area, as did a second – and even less salubrious – living area surrounded by a roof-high chain-link fence, though the gates to that stood wide.
That would be the evacuation alarm. Everything was going to T'Challa's plan. With the assurance of a man on his own ground, he set off towards what Tony presumed was the nearest exit.
"Bees can only sting once before they die. If I'm anything, I'm a wasp. Probably
"Effectively," Steve replied, equally quietly, but showing no sign of flinching. "I wasn't going to let you go in alone – and Happy's a great guy, but he wouldn't be any help to you if something goes wrong."
As they worked, Natasha asked, "Do you have the stones?"
Again and again it seemed as if he had found whatever it was he was searching for and again and again it rejected him, was left behind or disappeared into the darkness. Except that something was following him, trailing behind him like a comet's tail. And it was growing...
"You told him we were meeting Steve."
Now it was Tony's turn to stare out to sea as the sun rose behind them and laid yellow light on rock and sand.
Danvers' expression hadn't changed. She just stared him down until he paused to draw breath, then interrupted with, "I need to know where he is, Stark, because the Air Force isn't telling."
Tony's pulse was thundering in his ears. "He isn't." His voice seemed to come from someone else. "He's never coming back. He... he's dead. I led us straight into a trap, and these damn fools followed and now Bruce is missing too. I was in too much of a fucking hurry, but Earth's vulnerable, we're all vulnerable, and it takes too long to synthesise vibranium and we just don't have the time—"
"Is it not? When your minion
Another voice – male, English, but not Falsworth – said, "Did he hurt you, sir?"
"Are those even real?" Steve asked suspiciously.
"If it is on computer or somewhere with paper records and public researchers I can commission, then yes, Captain."
"Do you know what she wants to talk to me about?"
"You're as obnoxious as Steve with the orders," Tony said, putting his glass on the table and reaching for the butter.
Nor was this the only corpse on the mud flat. Though it was still dark and the stars and lights of the building were hazy, probably because the atmosphere contained smoke and smog, he could see surprisingly clearly, easily locating the dark bodies against the darker mud.
"There is a call for you, sir, on the secure line from the Tower," Jarvis's voice said softly.
"The fact that I'm standing here talking to you proves you wrong," Tony snapped.
"Angry sex can be good," Tony said, trying to make light of it.
Footsteps approached, loud enough to be made by boots worn by someone heavy. Something metallic poked into his shoulder.
Happy muttered something that sounded distinctly like, "Fuck scientific funding."
"Or where the cops can intervene," Bruce contributed. "Do I do a right here, Steve?"
"Probably, but it was Cap who suggested we take a spare arc core with us, told us where to find one and how to change it, if necessary."
"You weren't thinking of having a reunion without us?" Clint asked, right eyebrow up.
The bed was huge. Tony had had it specially built and the bedding had to be tailored for it. Pepper had always said it made her feel like a Hollywood starlet sleeping her way to the top, and Tony had always responded with "casting couches are smaller." Now he pulled back the corner of the sheets and sat Steve down on the edge of the bed. "What's with the face fuzz?" he asked, rubbing a thumb against Steve's upper lip. He frowned. "Fuck it, that moustache is waxed."
"Bodyguard," Steve said, at the same moment. He smiled at Okoye. "We have that in common."
"SHIELD took advantage of Steve and tried to hold onto him by feeding him misinformation. I resent that, by the way, on principle. No-one – least of all Steve – should be lied to just because they're useful because, you know, they become less useful that way."
Only Betty let go of her handhold, not of suit-and-sunglasses. She disappeared out of the hatch still hanging on to the unconscious man.
"It wouldn't be the first time," Rhodey pointed out.
"Sir, I believe Ms Van Dyne—"
"I might have an idea about that, Your Majesty," Tony interrupted. "You are the king of Wakanda, aren't you? T'Chaka's son?"
Steve was grinning down at him. "Tony, sweetheart, you may not have noticed but you're in my bed."
"Apart from being bright, beautiful, and blonde? She seemed nice. And sensible."
"Well, if that isn't Stark he has the snark down pat." The voice was Clint's.
Without thinking, Steve took it.
Almost at once, the mists rose up and surrounded them. Above them, Jean was burning, a great bird of fire to light their passage. The red-gold light rolled off the swirling fog, revealing nothing.
"So we are not under surveillance?"
"I don't see the difference, Mr Stark. Just who is financing the so-called Avengers payroll?"
Then, as they rounded a curve, a flash of sunlight on glass suddenly transformed Steve's perception of the rock face, and revealed the shadows as windows and the stone blocks as buildings.
"Yes, Lin?"
"You were the voice in my ear," Clint said, "warning us there would be a diversion."
"A design a friend asked me to look over," he said lightly. "I owe him a few favours and he's a biochemist, not an engineer."
Steve was now sitting up in bed, his arms round the tent made by his raised knees. "So that was how they knew where you were. And that car is – was – identifiable if they knew you had one."
"No and yes." He was going to be bawled out by Jan, but there was no use delaying it further. "Could you get Jan and Hank right now? They'll need to know that Steve's okay." Even as he spoke Tony was wondering why it hadn't been Jan who called him.
"The hell you say! Bellini's withdrawn his agents and I've got the whole shebang locked down on their orders. What do you want me to do?"
"And what do you want?"
Betty smiled. "We all know about that."
"You should see my Mom and Dad's old place. Makes this look like a Staten Island studio."
Steve dived under the Hulk's dangling hands, sliding face down across the floor to fling his arms around Tony and frantically roll them both away from the Hulk...
"I'm flying the plane," Danvers called back. "Jan is acting as co-pilot, unless you're checked out on civilian jets."
Betty made a very unladylike noise. “So you take care of yourself too. Jan's worried about you."
Too late.
"No? Tell me you haven't got your shield. And that's the Harley Dad built for you. I've taken out SHIELD's bugs by the way—"
