I fucked up again, Steve. Maybe I always will.
He pries Tony’s hands from his arms, and it’s only when Steve holds it up and forces Tony to focus his gaze on him that he realizes that they’re bloody. He rubs Tony’s back, whispers, “It’s alright, Shellhead, it’s alright.”
Steve smiled. “Love you more.”
Steve is glad that Tony’s sunglasses are perched on top of his head rather than sitting on his face. Under the brightness of the natural light, the lines of Tony’s face are more pronounced, and there’s a tiny freckle that’s appeared at the edge of his cheekbones, close enough to touch the beginning of the goatee.
Tony nudged him with a socked foot and dropped to his knees. He grabbed the end of Steve’s t-shirt and pulled it over his head. “Strip and turn around. On your hands and knees.”
“And so, around and around it goes. What is it that Americans say? Wheel keeps turning?”
Like a newborn child, all he could see were colors and shapes of memories he couldn’t fully comprehend. His brain was fucked, just a set of nerve endings that failed to separate substantial memories from feelings.
His chest ached like getting slammed with a repulsor to the chest. He cleared his scratchy throat, smiling when Harley and Morgan scrubbed at his face. He turned to Peter with blurry vision. His head felt so heavy. “He loves you. Always remember that, please.”
She was spitfire with pitch black hair, like the somber mood of these meetings. “I hate that I do that. That I’m an asshole to someone else just because I’m hurting. I don’t know how to stop.” She nodded, setting the group to move on.
He missed that. It was sometime last year. The second Sunday of June. Summer in the U.S.
“I wish he made himself into an AI.” Morgan twisted her lips and tossed the sketchbook with a pout.
But it wasn’t because Steve’s heart broke at the sight of Peter sitting on Tony’s chair. It's awful to be the one who survived to deal with the loss. The dead? They don't have to deal with that.
Christmas comes, and stays for the next six weeks because both Tony and Morgan refused to take down their tree. The Christmas lights still decorated the poles of the veranda. Steve decides that he’d like to keep them there because in the evenings, they all share hot cocoa and watch the snow fall from the sky.
“Fine.” The man eyes Tony with a suspicious glare, but doesn’t disagree once Tony starts rolling his sleeves and digging his fingers into the car. “But you better not make it any worse.”
“Keep calling me sir.” Tony turns around with a glint in his eyes, he grabs Steve’s hand, intertwines them, then leads them towards the side of the house.
He takes a final drag from his cigarette and makes the move to toss it out when Natasha grabs his wrist and takes it from him. She stubs the butt on the case and pockets the remains. “What happened to your manners? Tony would kill us both for littering.”
He swallowed and it felt like forcing glass down his throat. He should apologize, but he didn’t know how he could be sorry for this.
And where was he, Steve wonders. He knows where he was, and can pinpoint the exact coordinates. He remembers the temperature walking around the Highlands, thinking, always thinking.
Erskine, soft-spoken and meticulous, hangs around Savage Mountain because the common folk at Timely confuse his worldly curiosity with being a mad hack. Tony still isn’t sold on the medical experiment that saved Steve’s life. But one is told they cannot bite the fingers that feed their mouths.
It always got better before.
Tony was sure he’d lost Steve, even before he bled out on the Courthouse’s steps. All evidence pointed that it may not be true, but Tony didn’t have the courage to ask. He tilted up, counting the lines on the edges of Steve's eyes.
“Wow.” Morgan ripped the wrapping and started at the necklace in awe. She held it up for them and they all chimed happy sounds.
Behind them, the sun sets to the horizon as the lake rocks in a gentle rhythm. The sound of the chirping swallows and bluebirds are drowned by the cheers of their friends.
“It’s yours,” Tony insists, voice low. Steve detects a waver there, as if Tony is unsure that is true even in their history, but he nods in determination and repeats the statement. “So take it.”
“I like the burn,” Steve moaned, pushing back. He shifted his weight on one hand and grabbed his leaking prick with the other. “I like when you fuck me open.”
“Steve,” Tony says, voice low. “I was rude. I’m apologizing.”
The world kept spinning, around and around, on a set path around the sun. Steve's own course was astray. He's just a burning star now, cycling through space until he reached his end.
Steve spares a glance at Rumiko. A question.
Witnessing death for the first time didn’t change him. It should have. But it didn’t. Instead, he didn’t take the subway anymore. It was his first experience with death, and like a rite of passage, more death followed.
His shirt was rumpled. Two buttons were missing, and while he didn’t bother rolling up his sleeves, one of the silver cufflinks was also absent. There were sweat stains under his armpits and his goatee had been transformed into a full beard. There were crumbs from the toast he tried to eat hours ago. A day ago, maybe.
Five years gone by and his mind still stubbornly drifts to fights the rest of the world no longer remembers. Perhaps, never knew, because the events of the Bunker were never made public. However, it remains as a steady film reel in Steve’s mind. Mistakes and regrets flow in a continuous loop, and it’s like he’s spent the last half decade stagnant and unchanged.
All the tools on Tony’s favorite workbench were still there, untouched. A screwdriver, a pipe wrench. Even with the kids coming down to the workshop, they’ve respected Steve’s wishes to not mess with Tony’s favorite worktable. Harley and Peter now had free reign with the bots, suits, and machinery as long as they checked in with Steve about their projects. Morgan took over the sofa and had her own sketchbook there now.
“Because I saw you across that first day and you were lonely. As I was,” It says, cradling Tony’s face. They cannot kiss. Tony ignores the desire to hold this creature, keep him. “We studied the town. Relationships, kinfolk. And I don’t know, there was something about you that I liked. I saw the way he looked at you, and I wanted to know what that was like.”
“So are the hummingbirds,” Tony observes, using his hand as a visor. He has a soft smile on his face when he glances back at Steve, communicating a thousand things at once. But all Steve feels is satisfaction, happiness that this is his. He has somewhere, someone, people, he belongs to and who belong to him in return.
Steve sighed. Sometimes he wished he could just keep Tony chained in the workshop. Steve would fight all the battles himself if it meant keeping Tony safe.
“I came chasing after a dream.”
“It could be, you know.” Steve says. “It could be easy.”
“It didn’t use to be like this,” Tony replied.
Another train passed through.
He didn’t know if it was selfish for him to wish it was slower. Just so they could have more time together. Steve’s a greedy bastard but that’s what happens to desperate people.
He was in the safety of their bedroom so he let out a muted wail and dropped his head to the wall. His entire body shook and he felt like vomiting again. Slowly, he turned back to the mirror and placed a hand to his middle.
He watered the plants on the kitchen counters and cut off the dying leaves. He didn’t want to snip the greenery, but it had to be done. Cutting off the dry leaves would allow the remaining foliage to grow. Steve took the kitchen scissors and cut half of a drying leaf then waters it.
. He bites his lips and focuses his efforts on scissoring Tony open, prodding and poking until he finds that sweet spot. Steve rubs it over and over just for the joy of hearing Tony’s response. He’s pleading now, saying he wants to come, promising he’ll be good, and Steve imagines that Tony knows it’s him doing this—knows it’s
This was him. Tony could see it clearly now. There were no masks to hide his face behind. Everything he’d done… he needed another drink.
Instead, Tony clears his throat and continues. “Then I was alive. I was awake. There was you waiting in the hospital room trying to make yourself appear smaller. Newsflash baby, it doesn't work with your shoulders." He huffs a quiet laugh. Steve's own heart is stuttering, making leaps across his rib cage. It's ache with the memory of that time: Tony alive but out of reach, and then, there's now. "There you were, like you were waiting for me to meet you here." Tony glances at the lake. The trees are withering with each day that autumn passes. Home, is all Steve thinks at that moment. Tony unlinks their hands and reaches to cup Steve’s face, smiling. Waiting all this time. “I'm alive, and now I see another beginning. Another universe coming to life."
Sometimes, Tony would be on SI business across the globe and return home with several vinyls. Then, he’d put it on the record player and sway with Steve. He laughed and joked every time Steve stepped on his toes. Even after almost two decades together,  Steve never learned how to dance. He was content on following Tony’s steps, drifting around the room with hands on each other’s waist.
Tony didn’t meet most of what Steve read about. He was lucid, talkative on some days, though lately, he’s been quiet, energy coming in bursts. He still listened to the kids’ days and tales attentively.
I don’t have to open my eyes to know Steve is watching me.
Tony huffs, it’s almost like banter, but he knows they’re balancing on the edges of the cliffs. One word is all it would take to fall into cutting words and raised fists.
Now, he’s gone, but Steve hasn’t trained his eyes to look for other things.
“Is that a challenge, Stark?”
Tony stares at him, and Steve meets his eyes. Tony can’t forget those blues.
“Steve. Do you know that saying about the grandfather’s axe? What do you think is happening when you keep using BARF? You stop reliving memories if you change them.” She inched forward, her high heels echoing in the workshop. “JARVIS, what’s the stats on Steve’s usage.”
“Oh, fuck.” Tony cuddled closer, resting his head on Steve’s shoulders. “We got one room down for the housing warming party. Next time, I want the bed, Rogers, so you better set up the bed frame after this.”
He gave a snort, focusing on the blood oozing from his palm. Tony was anything but that—a resurface cut. Loss was more like a Jericho missile being dropped on Steve’s chest.
But that might not be true. Steve’s still stubborn, even if the lines on his lips are a little softer, even if his eyebrows aren’t furrowed. They’ll talk in circles just like they did in the Mansion. The fight bleeds out of him, and Tony surrenders to the lull of Steve standing close to him.
“She ended up coming to the Compound with me,” Tony says, suddenly looking faraway.
He learned that there were over five million people riding New York City's transit per day. Five million people is the size of a small country and he was the only one to witness the woman step down the ledge.
But in the end, Tony relented on white: let there be light.
His children showed up to the workshop one by one. Peter’s first, then Morgan, finally, Harley came crashing through with his bedhead and cowlicks. It’s like seeing Tony all over again.
Outside, a speeding car flashes a rosy tint through the window. The shape dances across Tony’s cheekbones. He’s handsome, and his bones are lived in, like he’s settled into himself as sure as daybreak.
Steve chuckled, light and dirty. He felt it all the way from the pit of his belly to his toes.
Tony plops down on the right side and dumps his bags to the floor. He strips off his jacket, then his shoes follow.
Tony forces himself to smile back, heart-pounding, wondering why he’s still mourning.
When the truck troddles through the gravel, Steve sees them all standing by the lake. Their heads all turn towards them, waiting.
“It doesn’t go well when we try to talk.” Steve grabbed a cup from the cabinet, dipped it into the water, and washed Tony’s hair. He was focused on the task, scrubbing Tony’s hair with gentle hands. He washed off the shampoo and did the same with the conditioner.
“Jesus, Tony.” Steve swayed closer. He didn’t even feel this apprehensive when getting the serum. At this moment, he stood at the edge of a precipice, shocked with hope and yearning.
Better than lying here, beside Steve, digging up parts of what is left of himself, grinding it into dust.
“You gotta.”
I plaster a smile on my face and turn my body towards Steve.
She’s been there every Sunday, showing up after lunch and checking in with the kids.
Tony Stark doesn’t do that anymore. I didn’t listen, and I paid the price. Even now, I don’t know the currency to gamble on when it comes to Steve.
He wonders if Steve observed their last breath, if Clint or Bobbi spat on him, tried to reason, or were they so absolute in fury that they stayed silent. If Clint screamed when his arms were taken. If they forced him to watch Bobbi die.
“I’d rather not have them wait at the hospital. Come here.” Tony beckoned him forward, kissed him long and deep. This wasn’t right. Tony didn’t have to kiss him like this—like goodbye, because they had all the time in the world. “I’ll be okay, baby. Can’t let Morgan grow up without me. Can’t let any of the kids run you down and bully you into spoiling them.”
But Steve’s been gone too long to know these days, he supposes.
“I will,” Steve promised with a nod. He glanced at the sky, an endless blue, just like the day of the funeral. There’s nowhere else for him to go. “You wanna help me out with the garden?”
He really should stop lying to himself. Everything’s changed now.
Half the town, shocked and inspired into praying for their deceased, didn’t question their origins. They treated the returnees like messiahs and offered them fruit. Stared at them in awe.
Words fail him, so he stays silent. Tony is just a few feet away from him. He reaches past Steve without a word, and pulls the trunk open, settles his bag beside Steve’s shield.
“Ah.” Tony doesn’t look disappointed, but his shoulders slump down.
Tony pulled at his hair, demanding, “Fuck me, Steve, come on.”
“My height should have nothing to do with who I am in the big spoon-little spoon debate, thanks very much.” Tony is still in his robe, beard ungroomed. He sticks out his tongue, and damn, this is Steve’s favorite sight.
Steve bites his lips, feeling his face heat, suddenly, he’s too aware of the proximity between them. It’s just like being in the car all over again. Tony, there, alive and well, and somehow talking to Steve. The smell of his aftershave and grease mixing together.
It was just a two minute video, yet Tony’s life spun across the axis. Steve watched Tony’s expression turn from nonchalance to confusion and hurt. Finally, as Maria’s face came on screen, it settled into rage. Tony stood quietly, wiped his hands over his jeans, then grabbed the whiskey bottle and began drinking. Steve watched his hands shake on the bottle.
Steve stands at the cliff. Rumiko glances at him. She nods.
“Still being mended. And our friends are here to do that work,” Steve corrects, because despite the trouble that the New Avengers run through, there are pockets of kindness that Steve has witnessed throughout his time in Tahoe.
He's waiting for his tissue energy to deplete. For organs to dysfunction. For glycogen to eat itself up, for his muscles to weaken and break. He doesn't need them anymore.
He knew he’d always hold onto Tony—the memories were marked and branded to his brain. There would be no forgetting for Steve.
“Nope.” Steve smiled, bending down to kiss Tony’s mouth.
“No, no, we’re
Steve shrugs and pretends he’s unaffected by the question. He runs a finger down an aloe vera leaf.
I want him to do it, but I don’t say that.
Bruce laughs. “It’s a rather boring answer, Steve. But to be frank, and I can say this now,” he offers another smile. “World ended, but it feels like I’m finally understanding myself, you know? Did there have to be a crisis for me to learn that I was scared? Maybe. Somedays, I still am. He brought me home. I’ll always be grateful for that.”
It’s the complete opposite of what Steve feels.
Tony chokes down the groan. It’s just neurons firing across his body, forcing him to respond. The pleasure. It's just brain activity. Sections of his cerebellum processing the movements, the stroking inside him, reducing the feelings of fear and dread, stopping the humiliation and deep-seated despair for a brief moment in time.
He’s gotten better these past couple of months. He still thought of Tony every day but with some sort of reluctant acceptance.
Barbed words aren’t enough. He kisses my neck and sobs.
They stayed quiet, letting the hum of the bots and the machine wash over them.
“Love you more, my Red Hot Lover.”
“Tommy Shepard and Kate Bishop claim to have seen Mr. Parker in the outskirts of town.”
“It’s alright, Steve. Sometimes we leave so we can come back,” Natasha says, voice undeservingly soft. “So we know it’s worth coming back.”
“A date, or—” Tony bit his lips, looking at Steve with conflicting emotions. One moment, Tony’s eyes flicked down to his lips, then the next, he’s looking at Steve with pained nervousness. “Whatever you want. Whatever you want to give me.”
Steve’s mouth opens, his tongue peaks out, and he’s rising up on his knees, kissing Tony, rubbing his biceps, falling forward in an embrace. They kiss, on and on, touching pink-red bruises, scratching each other’s scalps. Tony feels the heat in his belly grow again, feels it all the way down to his toes.
“You have to take care of yourself, Tony,” Steve scolds, a crease appearing on his forehead. He runs a finger down Tony’s cheeks and traces the outline of his lips. “I’m here now, don’t worry.”
The pans sizzle.
Last time he heard, Clint was travelling, gallivanting around the world, just like Steve.
Tony’s still trying to convince Rhodes to join the team. But so far, they had Sam Wilson, a friend from DC, joining them for aerial support. Bucky was recently cleared to join the team.
He looks at Tony and sees a man who knows himself, all the rotten, ugly parts. He thinks of Tony at the Compound, content and happy with what he has despite all the loss. He’s living with himself, all the jagged parts be damned.
Tony’s face was so gaunt, but he’s still so handsome. Just as gorgeous as the first time Steve saw Iron Man flying in the sky. “Take care of yourself, please, baby. You need to be okay. Because if I go and you’re not alright. I’m not gonna rest, Steve, I’ll haunt you. I swear I will.” A fleeting smile appeared. “Be good, Avenger.”
“I was planning on it,” Tony pointed at his shoes.
He was here for a serious conversation. “Hi, Tony.”
“You hurt, I hurt.” He pulled Tony his chest, capturing him in a tight embrace.
There was a flash of light before the clouds started pouring. They walked across Manhattan and paused in the middle of the road, laughing and smiling at each other. It was that moment, Carol said, that she knew she was in love with Rhodes.
He kisses Tony’s back, licks the sweat off his neck. Behind him, Steve rocks his hard dick on Tony’s lower back, he’s circling his lips as if to announce how pleased he is with Tony’s despair.
“You’re only trying to get out of chores,” Riri says. “You don’t need help.”
“Shut up,” he gritted out.
When I’m bruised and bloody, Steve supports my weight in the shower and kisses my neck. He takes me apart like fucking is an apology.
Steve padded to the bathroom, stripped, and turned on the shower. He examined his face in the mirror, index fingers going to black bags under his eyes. At least he shaved two days ago. His eyes were caked with crust and his eyelashes were clumped up from all the crying he did today.
“And he’s a hundred times better than anyone else.”
Steve stared at the photograph every morning. Somedays, he wanted to turn it over, face the frame down so he could stop trying to relive that day.
“That’s because I’m the romantic one.” Tony laughs and shoves his side, an attempt to tickle him. Steve makes a face, tries to slip away, he does not appreciate being tickled, but Tony’s prosthetic arm is strong, and yes, indeed, while Steve can break away, but he doesn’t because Tony’s face splits into a grin and Morgan’s setting her burrito down to join Tony’s forces.
What if it returned, what the fuck was he going to do then?
Tony snorts. “Ok. Alright. You say you’re good. I’m fine too. You understand why I say that’s a difficult question?”
Tony grunts, pulls a few  inches away to pinch Steve’s side, then kisses him again. “It’s never been like this, though. Are the chickens gonna be alright?”
“Harley,” Steve wiped the sting from his eyes, but the fat lot of tears rolled down his cheeks anyway.
This isn’t about Tony at all.
This wasn’t the warm reaction he was hoping for.
Be safe
Steve’s tongue laps at his hole, distracting him from thoughts about the future, of what might happen after they fuck. Tony can’t help but wish that Steve would stay. Use the damn toothbrush because it’s still here. Tony can’t manage to get rid of it.
Steve.
“This is what I mean!” Morgan shakes her tiny fists. “I’m calling Peter. I don’t care if he has to bring Johnny Storm over.”
He’s tired. The more he resists, the more it hurts, so he forces his body to accommodate Steve. He turns to his stomach, grits his teeth, and wishes for it to be over.
“I don’t know how to do this. I don’t know if I want to do this anymore,” Tony cried, scratching at his arms. He was restless. He wanted to be up and on the balcony, away from Steve. But his body refused to cooperate. “Sometimes I think I’m jealous of you,” Tony admitted. “Of how you’re motivated to do what’s right. Of how you’re so sure, Steve. But what's right isn’t always what’s best, and I don’t need you to understand that. I wouldn’t have changed a damn thing. In fact, knowing what I remember now, I’d do it again, and I can’t be sorry for that. But I am sorry about what happened to
“You have his memory and so much more, Steve.”
“We were supposed to be a happy ending. Tony said we’d have a happy ending.”
Once he’s finished, he sets it in the case and paces across his room. It’s a double bed. He spent nights there, tossing and turning, rationalizing all the reasons he shouldn’t tell —
Tony's grabbed purchase on his shoulders and like the good boy he was, met Steve's brutal thrusts. His lips were slightly open, a moan on his lips.
Steve felt like dying, too.
I’m just a living repulsor bomb. I think I made Pepper one too. But I’ll fix her up.
“You ready?”
“Well, that’s fine by me, kid, but you’ll have to ask your father about that.” He points at Tony with a shrug.
It still pulls at his heartstrings when Steve ducks his head and meets his eyes.
He worried about Tony, wanted to sit Tony down and check if he was alright after the fiasco with Doom.
“Forgiveness doesn’t take a lot once it’s asked for.” Tony levels him a look.
“It’s gonna happen sometime, baby.” Tony huffed, his breath cold on Steve’s neck. “And loving you has been a privilege. It is, Steve. After Afghanistan, I didn’t think I could have this—have love, have a family, have a man who would care for me and weep me. Love. To grow old with you, it’s been a dream, baby. To look at myself in the mirror and see all these wrinkles in this old body and remember that shit, we did it. We loved each other. I love you. You love me. What a life, Steve. It’s been a good life. It still is, baby.”
steve,
They measure him up, and he can see it in their eyes that these women, as young as they are, already know loss, and they’ve likely seen battle from the way they hold their bodies tight at his arrival. Both flank slightly closer to Tony.
He shouldn’t be so maudlin. Better to save these thoughts for after—when he’s eventually crawled home, pulled off the scratchy sheets from his bed, and forced himself to sleep.
He is one lonely, angry man.
Fuck. If Steve didn’t have the serum to assuage the bursts of headaches he had received in these last 36 hours, he’d probably be throwing up all over his desk. Somehow, after months of research, they found this grainy recording of Howard and Maria Stark.
“Thank you.”
It was another boring Tuesday.
Steve takes a seat, and his knees knock Tony’s own under the table. He heaves a heavy sigh. “If you’re going to be like this —“
Tony eyebrows raised high, almost comically. Then, a wide grin spread from his face. It’s like feeling the sun and its warmth again for the first time since going under ice. “Really? Are you—”
Steve strikes a pressure point and slaps me across the face hard. His ring cuts my face.
“I’m not even dressed,” Steve says weakly, trying not to smell himself. He’s not trying to be argumentative. He’s just caught off guard. Why now? He shuts his eyes, thinks of so many mornings with Tony in bed, their windows open, eyes catching at the little old hummingbird hung on their tree so many months ago.
“Alright?” Tony turned, eyeing the hand still on his shoulder. Steve squeeze it before stepping back.
“What are you saying?” Steve paused, hands on his hips. He looked powerful. A man with authority. Tony always admired him. But something seemed to have dawned on him because his eyes widened, and his lips tried to work, but no sound came out. The fight seemed to evaporate from him.
“I’m sorry, Harley. Sir only wanted it to be played once. It was programmed to be terminated immediately after viewing.”
He doesn’t remember when he last had a meal. He threw Its beans away. Put the iced tea down the drain.
Tony glanced at Rhodes and Pepper. Both averted their eyes and glanced at the open windows instead. Outside, New York kept screaming, rocking around in this blue-green sphere.
He places a hand behind Tony’s back, rubs circles, whispers about how he wants Tony better, wants Tony to please stop crying because he’s damned tired of hearing the sobs and the screams.
“That wasn’t your vows?” Steve jokes, laughing though it. He pulls Tony closer to him and laces their fingers together.
“Stark,” Miss Barnes interrupts, sharply. She gestures to Tony’s horse. “It’s not Peter. It’s Ben Parker.”
that circle around his head like an evening routine.
“Workshop?”
“Another intervention,” he said, trying to tone down the accusation in his voice. He sat back on the sofa. Tony used to nap there in the afternoons.
The man shrugs, shoves the cigarettes in the front pocket of his t-shirt. “Your loss. There’s a party inside, if you wanna pass through. Rum, beer, some blow. Tony Stark fucking around with a toaster. If you’re into that shit.”
It was a beautiful portrait—he looked handsome under the title:
“No.” He barked out. “I’m fine. The routine of work is helping.”
Steve drops a kiss on his sternum, murmuring, “I’ll lick you open. Is that okay?”
The conversation shifts to Riri’s latest armor upgrades, and when she asks FRIDAY to pull the schematics above the dinner table, Tony jokingly threatens her with a wooden spoon. “Dinner first, work later.”
“We never really leave parts of ourselves.”
Some old fool visited me a while ago. Uatu sees the universe and all its possibilities. He showed me something. Us. What we could have been. There were so many moments we could have done better. I tried my best. I did. I did.
“Is that it?” She turns back to him, and it’s so much like that time all those years ago back on their way to New Jersey. “I suppose running away could be about survival.”
“Bullshit. Captain America is here bullshitting us.” Aisha took her sunglasses off for the first time, her eyes were swollen and bloodshot. “You don’t believe that so don’t try to convince us with any of your speeches. You’ll never be whole again once half of you is buried, so please. Do
Steve grimaced. He stood, pushed forward, and occupied Nat’s seat on the side of the bed. He reached over, slow, letting Tony stop him in case he didn’t want to be touched.
“Not ready, we know.” He glared at Steve before marching out of the living room.
There isn't a winter. Nevermind that he's only been here for five weeks. Summer is endless, but it's not like the blistering humidity of the East Coast in August. Los Angeles has a different life blood. It's multicultural, like New York, but the enclaves and villages are all spread out, unlike Manhattan, where you can walk two blocks and be in Harlem then in Morningside Heights.
Steve backs away. He should be used to waking up alone, but it never gets easier. Eat alone. Sleep alone. Be alone. It isn't difficult. Not at all. But it isn't pleasant when there's no distraction.
I hate what we’ve become. I hate how I’m still angry. I hate that I can’t tell you when I’ll forgive you. I hate everything that’s happened. I hate how we’re here. Hating is tiring and I don’t have it in me to fight you anymore.” And for the first time, Tony thought that was unsteady, unknowable, because this was everything Tony’s wanted to hear, and how could Steve say this now. “I am furious, Tony. But when I close my eyes, I just see you in your armor and I don’t know if I would have stopped, if I would have dropped the shield if people didn’t stop me. I
“I like you very much.” Steve emphasized each word. “If it wasn’t obvious.”
It doesn’t matter.
Steve smiles at the memory of Morgan handing him the polaroids of both him and Tony sitting by the fireplace, lounging at the veranda, sitting by the lake: Tony’s back across Steve’s chest, Steve’s hands around Tony.
He shifts and goes for the easier route. “I’m going to see the country.”
Steve’s insides twisted up. He wasn’t sure how much of Bucky was still there in the programming. Natasha has warned that “Bucky” may no longer exist and went as far as to note that Bucky died when he fell from the train. He’s been HYDRA’s guard dog for seventy years. But Steve couldn’t give up on him.
This is everything he’s ever wanted, but he can’t shake the feeling that this is undeserved.
What a profoundly awful moment to have Steve stand before him, cradling Tony's face as if he was something precious and worth saving. There was nothing more devastating than having those eyes on him, Steve whispering, “Oh, Tony —”
“Right.” Tony avoids his eyes. “But I’ve learned. Gotta keep your mind and body in good condition.”
“I’m glad she’s in my life.” Tony’s eyes look rather misty. “And Kate, too. She’s the daughter of an old businessman I knew in another life. They’re heroes in their own right. But they grew up too fast.Sometimes I wish they were just normal. Did normal things other kids of their age do. Well, as normal as you can have now, I suppose.”
But now, there’s nothing here for him. Other than canvas and paint set by the window, the room is devoid of personality, anything that would have made it home. He used to like this place, decompressing here when the world got too loud.
Steve would have to start his day soon. Maybe, he could get a run in. Lately, it’s been harder and harder to get the motivation to leave the bed.
“Seeking you. Needing you, desperately. I don’t want to lose you.” Steve’s voice was wrecked.
“Good.”
“Honey, huh?”  Rhodey snorts  and good naturedly pulls Tony into a headlock followed by a tight hug.
“Steve?”
“A good man, then.”
Steve walks the streets, keeping an ear out for house parties that Tony Stark is reported to attend. Just when he thought it would be another useless night, he wanders down the street and a man offers him some weed and a pack of smokes. “Looks like you could use it.”
Tony blows out a deep breath, then says, overly casual, “Yeah? They played it at Carol and Rhodey’s wedding, you know.”
There’s still blood on the cell’s floor. There’s no utility in cleaning a pigsty when it’s serving its function.
She kissed Morgan’s head.
The two boys stuck their tongues out and engaged Tony in a conversation. They always wanted their dad’s approval; wanting to discuss new projects, how to improve their robots, whether they’d be able to use a part of JARVIS’ code for their own AI.
Stop, Tony doesn’t say, because he knows it’s futile.
There’s a few hollers from the distance that turn into amused laughs.
At Tony. At life. At himself.
He wants to tell them all to go to hell and forget that he ever suspected something was wrong with Steve. Live in the fantasy that the pigs never feasted on his rotting body. Lie to himself, move North, to a farm, and be with Steve. They can have it. They can, if Tony chooses to willfully ignore that It is merely a facade.
Steve is left to follow.
“Superheroes still need to do Literature homework,” Bruce says, leaning back against the chair and glaring at Riri and Kate.
“Odd things are happening around here, Stark.”
“I can’t promise that.” He sobbed out the words. “Don’t leave me. I can’t. I can’t do this without you.”
Tony’s nodding because he’s lost in that shade of blue. Blue, like forget-me-nots. Blue, like the color of the cowl. Blue, like how Tony feels now.
Steve came, and he’s still goddamn lonely and desperate with wanting, and seeing her kiss Tony reminds him that this isn’t his and he should never pretend.
“Well, you’re my teammate, so it’s my business.” He jutted his chin out, irritated. “Please take care of yourself, Tony.”
“Cap? What are you doing here at two in the morning?” Tony stood in front of the penthouse elevator with his head tilted, both hands on his hips. “Why are you blushing?”
Tony shifts, moving face to face with Steve. In their boots, they’re the same height. Equal in length, twin frowns streaking their faces. Steve shouldn't look like this, mouth pressed like a hyphen, like he ate something sour. Tony's seen Steve displeased, witnessed him cry late in the evening, bark orders in daylight.
He read the files many years ago in a SHIELD office. The serum enhanced recovery and healing abilities. Steve’s fallen off a building, got stabbed in the stomach, mangled his legs, and everytime, the serum helped him bounce back. Physically, he wasn't hurt, but everyday without Tony felt like dropping the Valkyrie down into the Arctic. He was always cold and miserable.
“Sometimes, it’s hard to sleep in a new place,” Steve offers with a shrug. “Tossing and turning.”
Steve puts his hands on Tony, lifting him up from the floor and hoisting him up to the bed. Tony backs away to the pillows and Steve’s just right behind him. Looking at him. Always looking. It’s a never ending observation with Steve.
Steve settled Tony on his feet, turned him around against the tiles. He took the washcloth and began scrubbing Tony’s back, unhurried. He kissed Tony’s shoulders, the middle of his back, before dropping down to check his hole. The water was already washing away his come. Tony clenched and a little dripped out.
He points up at the sky, tracing the lines from one point to another. “That’s Cassiopeia, and there we have the Dippers.”
Tony spiraled, filtering memories that had to do with Steve, and relived them.
“I wasn’t complaining.” Tony hums and circles his arms around Steve’s back. He mouths small kisses on the nape of Steve’s neck. “But we got chickens and you’ve planted the herbs for summer. We have two horses. A goddamn barn, Steve. Next thing I know you’ll be into making tea blends and mixing your own soap.”
“You’re in denial, Steve. You can’t go on like this any longer.”
No bloodied knuckles needing to be wrapped or bones needing to be set. No shots of adrenaline so they can continue to fight. No organs falling off a teammate’s torso. No children going off to war pretending to be men.
He nodded to himself and walked away. His feet took him to the rooftop.
He looks at the window. The moon is high again, and how many times did they share an evening in bed wrapped around each other?
“Get up.” Carol threw the door knob on the foot of the bed.
welcome.
“Well, it’s not really important. But uh,” he scratched his head, spotting a crow hopping on near their feet. “Nat and Bucky are dating, I guess.”
This is a different fight, one they’ll both lose.
“Yeah, I’ll tell you everyday. Starting now.” Steve sat on the chair, pushing the other on with his foot so Tony could sit. “You’re a good man, Tony.”
Steve laughs and shakes the water pouring down his head. “You’re the one who invited them.”
“Yes. Thank you, Ru.” Tony smiles, voice in awe, like he’s been given a gift he could never have asked for. “Thank you. For giving me this.”
“I want dad back.” She repeated the words over and over again until she finally passed out from exhaustion. “Please.”
Blind spots, too.
“You love it.”
He takes another sip from the bottle and stares at his schematics with glassy eyes.
He wants It to be safe. It isn’t Steve. It could never replace Steve, even as an exact copy. A copy of a copy is just a copy. Tony should lie to himself, lull himself in the dream deferred. Claim It as Steve. Claim It as his.
Steve doesn’t bother telling Samuel that Tony’s already had three cups just from lunch.
Morgan rushed awake with a cry. Peter, god, he looked like he aged five years in the last three days. Steve knew this kid, he put it on himself to take care of his siblings. Steve tried to offer an encouraging smile as Peter slid beside Morgan.
Tony dropped to the bed and cried himself to sleep.
It was that righteousness that Tony loved— still loved— and sometimes he wondered how that was still possible. People chose their hells though, and grief was a specific mode of torture.
“Avoidance, hmm, just like someone we know.” Riri laughs.
“Well, marry your man, Barnes, and you can make the same statement.”
They walked out of The Plaza side by side, close enough that their shoulders touched.
An image of Tony popped up. Alive.
“He’s gone?”
Steve just wants an unassuming love.
Steve tried getting Peter and Harley to join him for morning runs around a track in Red Hook or in the High Line but they slept late and preferred sleeping in. All Steve’s attempts to institute a bed time was ignored.
“You’re gorgeous, sweetheart,” Steve said. He kept fucking hard and deep until he spilled inside Tony.
Now, if he closes his eyes, he listens to his heart thrum in a steady rhythm. That will have to do.
“I can’t lose you. Please.” His vision was blurry and his eyes stung, but he refused to let go of Tony’s hand to wipe at his tears. “I can’t make it without you, Tony. I’m not half as good without you. I can’t do this without you.”
Tony pauses, pensive for a moment, likely lost in thought. He shakes himself. “Don’t tempt me! I’m retired! But, but, but, I could be persuaded to consult and oversee the building of a headquarters….”
“Time of Death is 2:37pm,” JARVIS added in a quiet voice as if trying to respect the moment. He almost sounded human.
Tony wondered if her pain could have been measured. If he could scavenge the blood long erased from the platform and inspect how much more he could withstand before he reached that moment too.
Tony always got obsessed with a project. Got fixated on making things right, letting it consume him until it was his only thought, the last refrain on his head, echoing over and over.  But now, he didn’t care. Nothing mattered.
I can be happy when I stop thinking.
Found an old hole and this old computer. All fine. I'm simplifying the suit. Salvaged stuff. Can make a scrap out of nothing. You said that to me. Once. It's diminishing. My brain…. I —
“Seat yourself,” the barkeeper calls out, and Steve, alert as ever, falls back to his seat with a deep breath.
When the silence gets too much and the music no longer offers any comfort, Tony drops a set of bills, too much to cover their dinner, and stands.
“You’re encouraging me to hack into SHIELD?” Tony smiled. It disappeared once he saw the first page on the manila folder.
It wasn’t worth it.
Veranke stops struggling, she smirks, and Tony has no doubt that It, Steve, whoever he is, Pitt'o Nili. A man with so many names, is an excellent fighter, just like his Steve.
“No, wait. JARVIS can you get it back?” Harley made a sound of protest, shooting up to grab the helmet.
Steve,
“Yes, the rest of it. I’ll fuck you like this for the rest of our lives. You’ll suck me, fuck me, kiss me, love me for the rest of it too. We have all the time in the world and the rest of our lives.” Tony reached in between them, jerking Steve’s dick. “Come, Steve. Come.”
“Yeah. But they don’t belong to me,” he huffs. “In a sense, I kind of want to tell you, that yes, they’re mine.”
“Alright,” Steve looked at the clock hanging from the mantel in the living room area. “Time for school.”
“Miss you.”
“Do you want breakfast?” Tony parroted back with a smirk, still just in his t-shirt and boxers. “I’m finally getting somewhere here, Cap. Let me at this for a few more minutes.”
He was inclined to put a bullet in his head and make his own Pollock on the bathroom mirrors. Hooking himself to terminal stations and wiping away the data wasn't enough. Maria Hill was right, he should have just taken the gun, blown his brain out, and let them all deal with mashing the rest of his bits. He should let the red drip along with the hardened water spots on the bathroom mirror.
“Yes, you did,” Tony says, kissing Steve’s cheeks, the bridge of his nose, the line of his jaw. “And we haven’t broken it in yet, baby.” He spreads his legs wider to reveal a blue plug, reaching for it with his flesh hand. With an exaggerated pop, he pulls it out demonstrating his twitching hole. Empty.
Steve sees red and he’s overcome by this feeling of defiance and need to protect. He doesn’t even know he’s doing it, but Tony takes his fists, uncurls them, and squeezes them. He gives Steve a concerned look. “I’m good. I really am, don’t worry.”
Because nothing happened. Tony will never know and Steve won’t tell him.
“I’m from New York.”
That’s the thing about resilience: you bounce back. You can take more and more and more and more. You stitch yourself together and the bruises eventually fade. Who cares about the scars no one can see.
“You know, you make really good waffles, Steve. That thing you do to make it all fluffy, I could never get that right.” He kissed Steve. “Breakfast?”
He pats Steve’s ankle, makes him remove the boots. Tony peels off his socks. Navy blue. Tony got it for him just months ago.
“You would have not,” Steve measures out. His feet take him closer to Tony, and when their bodies are only a hair apart, Steve grabs him by the waist and pulls him up. He slides in, unable to wait, groaning at the feeling of Tony all around him.
“You’ve said that.”
Steve who chokes him until he whites out and comes untouched.
“It’s not your fault.”
The trunk closes with a sharp thud. Steve sags with relief, wishing he could search Tony’s eyes for a clue of what he’s thinking.
“Ah,” the man chuckles and gives him a mocking salute. He’s not sure if he’s supposed to be insulted. “Thank you so very much for your service.”
I’ve had over four thousand hypotheses about you. Starting that day we found you in ice. Greatest day of my life, Steve. That’s the scientific method. Ask a question, establish a hypothesis based on preliminary observations. I can't get past the first step and I've given up on trying to understand. Categorize you. I found long ago that you defy any boxes. Maybe if I tried harder, I can boil you down to your atoms. Study you in a vacuum. I’m still trying.
“Do you have her,” he can’t help but ask.
“I’m remembering. I get flashes. Memories, I think. It loops and loops. I keep seeing death. Steve.” He choked on the final word.
“I’m not Tony! Just kill me! Give me mercy. I’d rather die.”
Even in darkness, he's that ring of light that surrounds the moon, and Tony's just a moth who spins around him. He's always liked to fly and he's always been fond of handsome, almost untouchable things. But there is this surprise, always, when Steve gives in, meets Tony's greediness with his own stubborn need to please and pleasure the world around him. Tony's lost again, just a waddling thing in this moment, revolving around Steve, again and again. True and certain, the same way he knows nothing good might come out of this tomorrow.
He’s imagined those words, all the filthy things Steve tells him now, for years. But never like this.
Tony leans forward, his hands, in a steeple prayer in front of him. He claps it twice, then rocks it across the middle of his mouth. “Fine. How are you?”
“Can I, please?” Steve fists the base of his cock, trying to stop himself from coming too quick. God, he wishes for a bed. Next time, he promises himself, next time they’ll use a bed and he’ll open Tony up for hours before showing him how loved he is.
To hear Tony’s voice again somewhere other than his dreams and memory…
I think that covers it.
“How could you—” Mayor Danvers repeats again and again, a group of women are holding her up, disgust and confusion on their faces.
“Yes, boss.”
“Yes.” Steve nods, slowly.
It was difficult. It still is.
Jessica Drew narrows her eyes. “And who made you Sheriff?”
“Sorry.” Tony frowns, looks away again. There’s a tremble to the way he holds his body tight against the chair. “I really am.”
Tony stands still, utterly useless to see the scene unfold. Reed Richards appears and somehow expands, stretches longer and longer until his body is wrapped around Veranke.
When they return home, they set the table for two. Tony’s
“It’s already morning,” he tutted, sending a digital clock towards Steve. “4:11am to be exact.”
Natasha leaned forward offering Morgan a large box wrapped in cartoon reindeers. “So I guess Morgan’s gonna get all her presents first. Here you go, my dear, from me and Uncle Bucky.”
It had to be the end of the universe for Steve to let Tony back out into the field.
Maybe they’re the same.
Maybe he always knew, even then, in the beginning, It wasn't Steve.
She asks him about his “man.” Steve stutters his reply, saying there’s no man at all, it’s not like that between them. She’s not amused with his response, but continues the conversation like a bliss isn't crawling over Steve’s face. Mostly, Steve listens, as he does, asks a little bit about her life. All of her closest kin survived the Decimation, a miracle, she insists, then makes a motion to the ceiling.
“Lunch?”
Steve would be pleased if he could feel any emotion other than rage or misery. His life was a pendulum swing between wanting to punch a hole in the wall and the desire to just not exist.
“Do you ever really know a person?”
Steve cradled Tony’s head, ran a hand through his wet strands, and grinned. “You look good there, Mr. Stark.”
A beer he didn’t ask for is set on the table. The barkeeper shrugs, says, “looks like you need it, bud,” then he turns back to scrubbing down the tables across the room.
At that, they stay quiet and smoke and smoke and smoke.
He had to go over to the lake, say something, anything—but he couldn’t find the words. He blinked, once, twice, before turning to Nat.
Another sob escaped him and he bit at his knee hoping it would distract him from the tightening on his chest. His heart shivered with each passing day. He wondered if it was even there at all.
He’s pathetic, like a grieving widow.
I’m on the run. Shouldn’t email.
Steve sniffled, with a sad smile. “It’s alright. Come here, Harley, let’s listen to it together.”
“I wish I could,” Steve admits. He has to shut his eyes for a beat.”
Rumiko puts her index finger to her lips, signaling for Steve to be quiet. “Baby, he’s here.”
What's left of his world
“Fuck, Harley, stop being a dick,” Peter whispered harshly, surprising them all.
Tony closes his eyes. The women of the town accost him.
“JARVIS, lock up BARF so I can’t access it again. Use Tony’s voice command as key.”
They claim to remember their lives clearly, spewing town gossip from months ago.
Then, an arrow is shot from above, its head hitting the Skrull’s forehead. Bullseye.
Missing Tony Stark was like living with a missing limb. Steve was in constant agony. This was what dying then waking up the next day to live it all over again. It’s pitiful.
“J, load up the original
“You know, you’re acting like babies are something we can order online.” Steve grinned, dropping his forehead to Tony’s. It was sweaty from the suit and smelled like dust. “I’m assuming that unless you figure out a way to get one of us pregnant biologically, we’d adopt or get a surrogate?”
Tony nods, mouth twisting down. “It’s been hard. With Clint —“
He takes Steve’s left hand and puts it to his throat.
Tony crumbles. Inch by inch until Steve’s pulling himself up, grabbing his shield. Tony scurries like that damned pack of rats from earlier, and calls for the suit.
He met the kids in the living room. Morgan’s hair was still wet and dripping over the back of her white dress. She opened her arms and held onto Steve’s legs. Harley padded over, eyes grim and stood beside Steve.
He had a problem. He knew this. He'd known this all his life.
Slowly, Steve slips back inside him.
Natasha squeezed his bicep before opening the cupboard. She poured two fingers of vodka in Tony’s Captain America mug. After all these years, they still had it.
“Fine. I can do that.” He glances at Steve in question. “You alright to stay for another day or two?”
“I like this song,” Steve offers, and the statement sounds too forced even for him.
She nods, content watching them. Rumiko is no longer fingering herself. She sits cross-legged and observes Steve with some form of detachment and curiosity. She doesn’t say anything else, and Steve wonders again whether this entire night is for Tony’s or Steve’s sake.
He remembers the time when he woke up from ice and Iron Man—Tony—had been the first face he’d seen. It must have meant something, right? A decade and some change together—they've had other loves, seen each other's pitfalls, and still he's here in this moment, feeling like he's being cut open.
I place the eye on a glass, half empty glass, and watch the water turn pink.
Once again, autumn will bleed into winter and the cold will freeze the lake. They pull the canoe from the dock to enjoy these last fall days, when the water is still warm enough for a swim.
“God, I want to hate you so bad. I can’t. I can’t — ” Steve curled his body, wrapping his arms around Tony’s back and neck, holding too tight, like he was afraid Tony would disappear. He’s crying. “I don’t know how I can keep
It’s just, well, it’s Tony. He wants to part away better than they did last time.
“Honeybear!” Tony climbs out where he’s trapped between Steve’s arms to hug Rhodes.
Now, Tony only knows the cruelty of those hands. Again and again, Steve spanks him, hard, until he’s likely black and blue.
“I’ll keep an eye out. Promise.”
I think it’s a load of shit, but I’ve learned to hold my tongue. Otherwise, Steve will make me stick it out and cut it himself.
He looks like he wants to say something sarcastic and clever, maybe something along the lines of the godliness of the serum, or Steve being made from the bottle. Made and unmade all the same. Tony simply nods, then shimmies deeper into his cocoon of blankets. His hair, still tap, sticks up with cowlicks.
“You’re hiding.” Steve grasps Tony’s hand and pulls him into the workshop and to the upstairs flat. Steve struts up the steps with the confidence Tony doesn’t feel.
“That’s it, baby, just use me,” Steve said, captivated by the way Tony threw his hair back and groaned. “Take what you want.”
“We gotta debrief,” Steve said, voice hoarse. He ignored the twitch in his chest at the sight of Tony. His hair was matted with sweat and dirt. A drop of perspiration trailed down his temples, but he was grinning, proud, unlike the tense months that led up to this moment in HYDRA’s main base.
There was nothing to say.
Maybe, one day, he could stand in this mirror by himself and smile genuinely. For now, he shivered and stared at himself.
You did.
Every Friday like clockwork, Tony will twist his mouth and proclaim Dutch Honey has no actual honey and he much prefers real honey that comes from bees, thank you very much. Then, Steve and Morgan both have the answering reply:
“Here I am.” Steve heaves a half sigh, half broken laugh. “Here. Thank you. Just, thank you, for everything. For sharing this life with me. Your kid.”
“Hell no, Peacher Castle ain’t no Peacher. Besides, I think the Avengers of the West can handle anything, isn’t that what Ulrich wrote?” Red Wolf says, examining Tony with curious eyes.
“What’s goin’ on?” Tony looks down at the seat belt as Steve buckles his own.
That’s the issue. Nothing was ever going to be good again.
He snorted softly. Natasha always reiterated quotes verbatim in difficult times as if others have already said what they were feeling. He couldn’t capture grief, though. Words were just an approximation of the feeling and if Steve tried, the only way he could describe the loss of his husband would be being torn between wanting to follow him and die too, and then being fucked with grief because his kids needed him.
“You want to take it for a test drive?”
He deposits himself right on Tony’s thighs and kisses his temple.
always been a selfish man
You were supposed to be
Yeah, he’s probably not coping well. Rationally, he could understand the danger of using the tech. It wasn’t Tony, it wasn’t ever going to be Tony, again.
“Sttt—” Tony’s writhing against him, trying to sit up.
“It’s hard to come back when you know what it’s like to have left.”
It’s a question with no answer.
The conversation seems to flow easily among them. Natasha is more subdued, eating slowly with impeccable manners. Steve wonders if that was part of her training in the Red Room, too.
“I’m coming, fuck, Tony.” Steve thrusted twice, trying to suppress his orgasm. “You first, come for me.”
Fine. There. Happy?
“God, you’re the little spoon and no one believes me.” Tony wraps an arm over Steve and pulls him closer, letting their lips meet for a peck.
“No, not overbearing, but you don’t have to carry all of this yourself you know. You could actually talk to your kids, instead of saying you’re alright. Instead of telling them that everything’s fine. They’re not stupid. They know… They’re worried about you, that’s all. You can’t pretend that you’re okay in front of them. They
Tony winked at him, thrusting his hips forward. “Now, I think I told you to do something for me, baby.”
Steve, impatient and hard ever since Tony landed on the roof and took his face plate off, removed his fingers and shoved in.
“Okay, okay, the rest of our lives.” He threw his head back as Tony hit his prostate over and over. Dizzy with relief, Steve reached up, grabbing the tie again and mashing their lips.
The kid, no older than ten, begs off being helped, but Tony soon convinces him to clean and put gauze over his scrapped knees because that’s what Iron Man would want. The kid soon agrees without much protest, and they’re all back at the mart purchasing a small first aid kid. The kid stoops down the side walk and places his legs over Tony’s thigh.
Steve swallowed, his throat ached all over. “Alright, my babies, yes, Harley, you’re still my baby, always. Are you all ready to go?”
Yet Steve can’t even pull the visor down to look into his own eyes. He breathes in and out, once, twice. Then he puts his seatbelt back on.
Tony stared at the mirror above the fireplace. He didn’t realize his nose was bleeding. That must be the copper taste on his lips.
Suddenly, Steve’s transported to a memory of him and Tony at Clint’s far, a stack of logs and an axe between them. Steve, heaving with anger and needing to break something, Tony, justifying and trying to get Steve to listen. Steve, too stubborn to hear the words leaving from Tony’s lips. Tony, too heartfelt, a man with so much heart, begging him to understand. He just wanted to have a defense system. A suit around the world, he said.
“Huh,” Riri and Kate both say at the same time.
Steve shifts back, pulls Tony’s shirt up, exposing his flat stomach. He kisses the valleys and grooves there, circling his belly button, before inching his way down to Tony’s half-hard cock. Steve smiles. Tony is groaning and trying to sit up again. He trails down Tony’s abdomen, licking his lips then runs his tongue over Tony’s shaft. His dick is throbbing, but he ignores it, focusing instead on getting Tony harder. Steve licks up and down, circling his thumb and index finger to jerk the length before sucking on the head. He groans, willing to take Tony in deeper.
Winghead,
“Here, at home.” Steve shakes, and Tony takes his hand and twists the ring on his finger. He can’t help but wonder what he did to deserve so much happiness in a life full of grief.
The mission was a close call. Tony’s a hero. But he didn’t always have to act the part. When a huge chunk of building dropped on the Iron Man suit, it felt like watching Tony fall out of the sky again.
He used to love their brownstone. They’d have breakfast on the terrace, surrounded by large sycamore, but most weekends, they’d take their meals in the rooftop garden, admiring the blooming carnations.
“That isn’t —“ Steve tries, sparing a quick glance at Tony who’s dutifully ignoring them. There’s a line of motor oil on his forearms. Steve swallows. We’re not —“
“Yes?”
“They did return from space! Mr. Richards can stretch on and on, it’s fantastic,” Tommy says, gesturing with wild hands. “And I haven’t seen Mr. Grimm or Mrs. Richards, but that’s only because Johnny promised me that Mrs. Richards is invisible.”
Tony leaned away, an inch or two, and kissed Steve’s nose. “I’m alive, Steve. I’m healthy. I’m gonna grow old with you.”
In all the ways possible. He should build a machine that runs projections of everything that involves Steve Rogers, but Tony knows that half the fun of being with Steve is never predicting him, even if he is predictable.
It’s mortifying for the world to know him, and it’s even worse to know himself.
For Steve, it’s rather complicated. He’s so used to running, and he wonders what home could be like, if one is still able to rebuild it after burning the structures down like a goddamn serial arsonist.
No, they didn’t know where they were. Or who he was with. No, FRIDAY couldn’t track him. They don’t know, they don’t — he wasn’t dead, he couldn’t. Steve hadn’t apologized for being a miserable asshole yet, and Tony’s supposed to call him out on it and they’ll fight about it again, that’s how Steve had imagined it, so Tony couldn’t be dead, he couldn’t —
“Wrong question, maybe,” Riri says. “Do you still consider yourself, Captain America?”
All too quickly, guns are pulled from their sleeves, and shots are fired.
“Because—”
“No. I’m sorry to wake you,” Steve measured out, feeling slightly awkward and annoyed that he had to be here at all. If the world wasn’t so fucked, then maybe Tony’s parents would still be alive and he wouldn’t have to tell Howard’s son that his best friend, Bucky Barnes, was the one who orphaned him.
“In one of the boxes? I don’t know, I can’t think, don’t ask me. Fuck me. Now.”
Sorry, told you, memory makes a man sentimental.
“You have his nose, and his mouth. But only when you pout.”
There was Tony coming out of the ship with Nebula in tow, and then Steve followed Danvers into a ship heading to The Garden.
There’s a crust of dried blood on his cracked lips. He doesn’t know how he’s supposed to react, whether Steve shows him this for pity or punishment. But tears pave down his cheekbones, stinging the cuts on his face. He has a full head of hair now. His beard is grown, thick hairs untamed, sticky with spit.
Steve pulls his fingers back, stroking Tony’s lower lip, his goatee. He rubs the bridge of Tony’s nose with his index finger, tracing a straight line from the space between his eyebrows to his cupid bows. Steve bends, offering another kiss that feels too much like a farewell.
“Not sure about that, Cap. I’ve got sin I need to repent for.” Tony rewarded him with a forced grin that seemed misplaced given the dire situation they’re about to run head-first into.
Home is what soldiers looked forward to; it’s a dream to chase. Back in the Army, men of all walks of life held onto this idea of home. It’s true now.
“That's what being an Avenger is,” Steve says.
“I’m appalled that you’re so nonchalant about this happening on a regular basis.” Steve says, not letting go of Tony’s fingers. He intertwines them, feeling bold and reckless. “You should stop hanging around here.”
I smell like come. It drips down my thighs. I don’t express displeasure anymore. Steve is still on top of me.
Any bone that’s left must be decaying in the mud. Gobbled up until it’s white as ivory, dirtied as pigs roll in their waste.
Its cloudy haze is easily washed away by the breeze, as if the sea is scolding them for smelling like anything else.
Tony forces himself to breathe in and out. He sets the wrench down, kicks the hammer beside his foot, and opens the door.
Steve ignored his throbbing dick. Instead, he pressed a finger to Tony’s open mouth. Tony grabbed his wrists, sucking and lathering Steve’s fingers with spit. He drew his hand back to press wet fingers on Tony’s hole. He lifted Tony’s thighs up to stare at the winking hole. He still had Steve’s come from earlier caking the rim.
Steve grips his shoulder. “Lead us home?”
Tony closes his eyes. He can’t look.
“Did dad tell you what we meant when we did this?” She pressed her fingers to his knuckles. One, twice, three times.
He gets dressed and checks out of the motel. He smokes and checks his phone. There’s his sparse exchange with Natasha that dates six months back, but other than that, there’s no new messages, no missed calls.
He could go on, drinking the days away until his organs failed to function, but he won’t.
Red Wolf ties it.
She opened the box and looked at the set of knives. She’s been eyeing Natasha’s collection and begged Steve for them. He and Tony have long accepted that their kids were never gonna be average, no matter how much they tried to raise them as normal as possible considering that their parents were Iron Man and Captain America and their godparents were a set of assassins and superheroes themselves.
“Yeah, you’d know, wouldn’t you?” He raises an eyebrow. A solider sees another solider. This is familiar. War starts, war ends, the world spins. Soldiers try to adjust. Sometimes they fail.
There’s a puff of air on his hole, then a dry finger circles the rim. It presses in, slow.
“If I kill you, it isn’t punishment,” Steve says. “You know what you did. Your people. Coming here. Ruining us.
Tony died on a Tuesday.
Steve smiled. He still had things in his life that belonged to Tony.
S-T-E-V-E.
The Compound. Our team. You.
“Thank you,” she says in Arabic. “Do you have family?”
There were shock impulses from the wheels, high vibrations that sounded like waves. Only this time, the train blared, wailing loud from a short distance. The conductor must have seen her because the ringing continued like some formidable warning.
Or was one of us always fated to fall? I am guilty, Steve. It's my fault. That’s on me. Something crazy happened, though. You, that version of you, said "I believe you." That's all that mattered. You. Hearing the words come out of your mouth in that baritone. I almost believed it too. But you and I talk both in our suits and the distance grows, grows, and grows. Strange said some bullshit about the Invaders coming back because it's the will of the people. Regret makes us all wish on wishing bones.
“You know I do,” Tony throws a hand over his eyes. He can’t look at Steve. He’s close to breaking apart. This is worse than the Mansion. Steve’s on him again, hands all over him, but this time, it’s softer. It hurts just as much.
He swallows like a starved man. At least he’ll know what Tony’s come tastes like. There's a greedy part of him that says
“You,” is all Steve says. He might never stop being in awe when it comes to Tony.
Then, gone.
Tony comes, chanting Steve’s name the entire time like a man attending church in devotion. His orgasm hits him hard. It’s a release he didn’t expect tonight and it feels damn good to be battered and fucked and owned by Steve.
He laughs because Steve’s smiling,  dropping his spit on Tony’s parted lips. Yes, spitting in this context is much better. Tony hums, reaching up to thumb Steve’s cheeks. He’s blushing down to his chest. Tony tweaks his nipple, earning a drawn out moan. Steve shifts again, further down, dragging his mouth over Tony’s pecs, twirling the tip of his tongue on Tony’s nipples. Steve looks up, his hair’s a mess, imperfect and Tony loves him. He does. He won’t stop.
“I wouldn’t be having fun if you’re the one hurting yourself, though.” He gives a quiet, entertained laugh, and pats Tony’s face, smearing spit and dried paste onto his awaiting mouth. “I promise to take care of you.”
But Steve doesn’t ask. Instead he says, “ok, ok,” like a broken record. They stare at each other from across the table, daring the other to move first. Steve hedges closer, leads both of his arms across table. “Let’s eat.”
“Yes, yes, there—keep going, you can go harder, please—” Tony bites his lips, and Steve’s lost on him, reduced to following directions.
I shake my head and wonder when I decided this form of freedom with Steve’s hands around me was better than the cage they place the rest of my people in.
As if on cue, Tony’s stomach rumbled.
“Pepper, just let me have this.”
The ocean keeps running to the shore, then back out again. Again and again, there’s that push and pull of dropping dead in the shoreline, then rushing back out again. He looks at Tony, anxious.
Is that it, Steve. Is it. Our home is in ruins. Funny, our portrait still hangs even after the destruction. Even after I threw you across the hall and you punched me in the face and I wish I grabbed your by the shoulders and kissed you stupid instead. Bite and make you bleed some other way.
He’s an outlier.
“I want to go to the roof.”  Tony was propped up on the bed. Blue lips. Steve kissed them every morning. And he’d do the same tomorrow.
He grabbed the tequila, pouring generous portions in the glasses, and placing them all in a tray. He returned to the sitting room and almost laughed. They were all poised with their feet planted to the floor, arms open in invitation.
“When you live, when you’re the one who has to bury the body and go on with your life, you’re at the mercy of grief. And it just goes on, and on, and on, Peter.”
Steve gave as good as he got then leaned away momentarily to place the vibranium ring on Tony’s finger. He had to make a risky bet with T’Challa to get the material, but it was worth it.
“Didn’t work on you.” Tony says, as if making an observation he’s just realizing now. “I guess I’ll have to turn up the charm.”
Steve tilts his chin and leans his forehead against Tony’s own. “Come on, please, we still have us, don’t we?”
It's all country roads without any surprises. Steve prefers the quiet openness of these highways, where there aren't trucks and cars eager to cut him off, or large signs noting another of the same seven fast food chains.
the song goes.
He pulled Tony into a hug and buried his nose over Tony’s hair. He’s been complaining about migraines and headaches the past couple of months but that seemed like a side-effect of not sleeping.
Maybe the time would come.
He lifts his hips, getting more comfortable, and Tony’s eyes catch the glimmer of the Colt revolver with a ten-inch barrel. Stark made. But only for Steve Rogers.
New life, the waitress in the cafe had said, and he tries to hold onto the phrase, hoping somehow the sentiment would transfer when he enters the gates of the Compound.
“Well, fuck, Captain America proposed to me, I just had to say yes and drag him to city hall as soon as it opened.” Tony laughs, likely recalling how he rolled out of bed, pulled Steve into the shower and got them dressed in record time.
“But. You two already took the jump. That’s a brave step, trying to be whole again, finding purpose. We have to keep going.” Steve finished, hands in his pockets, balled into fists.
I don’t think I’m alright. Steve. It wasn’t supposed to be like this.
Steve holds Tony up, pulling him to his chest. He holds Tony tight, kissing his shoulders, his neck. Steve wants to bite and mark Tony’s body—wants evidence that Steve is here. Maybe tomorrow, Tony’ll look in the mirror and wonder who sucked the red bruise. Maybe Tony will go to the Mansion wearing a loose shirt that exposes the column of his throat and will point it out. Maybe Tony will blush and wink at him, and Steve will know it was him that kissed it there.
He grabbed the razor and tossed it to the garbage. He stared at the electric toothbrush for a beat, then laid it on the counter. He’ll recycle it later.
“Yeah, it still is,” Steve finally answers now, shaking the memory for review at a later time and stumbling over his words. “There hasn’t ever been a place that topped that day - that time. Uh, dish.” He looks up at Tony, heart in his throat with stupid, fitful hope. “Maybe when we head back east, we can stop there?”
Steve was shushing him and then half of his body was inches from Tony’s.
And so he swallows.
“Are you angry?”
“Still, it matters. Your hurt matters.”
Instead, Steve will stay quiet and wait for Tony to explain. People usually did that. They start talking to fill the silence. Steve will wait forever if he has to. He’ll suggest that Tony stop partying so much. It isn’t any acceptable way to mourn. Maybe Steve could show him healthier ways to deal with grief? He’s experienced losing parents, too. He even watched his teammates in the Army get blown up and sometimes put bullets into their own heads. Steve has it all planned. They’ll share some burgers. Have a milkshake, then he’ll offer to walk Tony home. That’s it. No funny business.
Morgan grabbed his hand, putting her tiny one over his large palms. She led him to the sofa and sat beside him.
“Yes.” Tony rolls his eyes and opens the dishwasher. “But I’ve been told there’s something useful about teaching kids responsibility and not letting the bots do all the work for them.” He turns to Riri. “Besides, when you leave and go off to college, how are you gonna ever wash your own dishes?”
Now, home felt like a prison. He walked around the brownstone feeling heavy as he opened the cabinet and dug out four plates for the table instead of five.
Steve,
“Thank you for your support,” he says because he has nothing else to say.
“No apology needed, don’t sweat it.”
It was time to open the presents. Steve couldn’t postpone it any longer, so he squared his shoulders and turned to Natasha. She’s nursing her second glass of vodka.
Steve took it with a grateful smile. “Yeah, whatever else this turns out to be, you’ll do good in the world, Tony.”
Tony swallowed, surprised to still see him here. “Steve?”
He couldn’t tie his entire personhood and purpose to serve. Not anymore. Not since waking up.
He hates driving. He drove a humvee in Desert Storm but at least there wasn't traffic. Los Angeles freeways are always backed up, anywhere he goes. Steve soon gives up and learns the side street routes that take him from Wilshire to Venice. It's a straight route from Washington Boulevard.
“Captain Rogers,” JARVIS announced from one of the outdoor speakers. “I cannot detect Sir’s heart beat any longer.”
Steve nods, shoves the last piece of bagel into his mouth. “Yes.”
“It made sense then. Now, too. A man still running.” Nomad, a man without a permanent home, he expects her to say. But instead, Natasha adds, “wanderer, traveller, because you have to, need movement to survive. In the older days, they categorized tribes as sedentary or nomadic. The latter moved to follow the livestock. It's survival. I get it, Steve. You don’t have to explain to me.”
They had been in the Mansion to talk, one final time. Steve was pointing his fingers at Tony, just inches away, screaming at the top of his lungs.
Steve would never hurt them.
No, yeah,
“But how? You’re alive? How is that possible?” Tony can’t help but reach for him. He wants to grab Steve’s lapples.
“It doesn’t have to be,” Steve pulls him close, buries his nose on the column of Tony’s neck, peppers kisses in the sensitive curve of his ear, then Steve’s licking and tasting the sweat from their fight earlier.
The paste tastes of peanuts and something heavier, chalkier, like milk or powdered whey mixed in.
“We’re already married, and we’ve already exchanged rings. But I wanted to do this for you. For us. Have another picture perfect moment for that never ending collage you make of us. There’s pictures of us all around the house. Taped to the fence, sections of the garden, in the shower. Everywhere I turn, there’s you. And I thought, hell, might as well have a wedding photo top it all off.” Tony grins at him, and there’s tears in his eyes. “Well, Bruce is here in ceremony to tell me when to do my vows because I’ll talk forever if I’m not prompted.”
He follows the child’s gaze back to the sea, forces on the smell of the ocean, and takes his time eating after realizing that there’s no hurry to get to the port because there’s no next mission to lead. He chews slowly, watching the child, wondering who he’s supposed to be now.
Steve circles the cut on my jaw, then digs his fingernail into the slit. He sighs. “Good, good. That’s exactly it. Keep it like that, alright?”
“God, all this time and you still never learn.” Tony takes another bite and shakes his head. “It’s because you just boiled all your food growing up and didn’t have salt, huh?”
“Thank you, I’ll use it later.” Steve’s gaze softens in increments. He’s been glacial since this entire Registration Act bullshit started, since they can’t talk without resorting to unveiled insults or worse, fights that end in cuts and bruises. It’s like watching the ice caps from the mountains melt. It’s a pretty side from a distance. But Tony knows better. Up close, the snow is sludgy revealing patches of land that's covered in grays. He traces the slope of Steve’s face and Tony thinks,
“I was hoping you’d still be asleep. I ran out to get bagels from that place you like on 43rd Street.” He held the bagels up.
“What?”
He turns on the radio. After a beat, the static goes away and the music starts. With a quick start, he thinks Tony might like this, though he’ll probably make fun of Steve’s vehicle choice.
“Certainly, sir.”
“No, Harley. I’m just not—”
Tony hoards all of Steve’s items, however small and insignificant they are to him. In those nights sleep refuses to come, Tony wraps himself in Steve’s blanket and tries to forgot how Steve used to hold him down, wrap a hand over his mouth, and  fuck him into the mattress.
, you’re huge. Fuck—fuck—” Tony’s hands reach for him. Steve doesn’t know what he wants and he can’t ask, so Steve lies to himself, tells himself that Tony wants to feel his face, wants to crash their mouths together.
He stripped the bedsheet and pillow cases then dumped them to the laundry basket along with the comforter. He took the mattress and its box spring and removed it from the room. Steve breathed deeply.
He couldn’t make empty promises. How many times did he have to beg, scream at the world, yell and pray at a God he’s been thought to seek during difficult times.
No, this is Steve shaking his head and twisting his mouth because he knows he’ll win. Without warning, he spits on Tony’s stomach. It's warm. Steve hisses as they both watch it trip towards Tony's chest. Then, he does it and again and again. Three more times in quick and consecutive. Methodological, because it’s Steve. He looks at Tony’s messy chest and stomach, glowing with pride. As if to say,
He doesn’t ask why it’s being sold to him, of all people, but Steve spares a smile and nods in understanding.
She didn’t have to do that. It set Steve on edge even though she was only trying to help. He couldn’t explain it. He appreciated Pepper’s care and support, but he couldn’t stop feeling like he was fucking up. As if she needed to check on him. Confirm that he was alive and the kids were alright. It’s as if Steve couldn’t take care of them. And he could, dammit.
“I’m going to have a word with whoever coined that term and demand they retract it. You’re a sweetheart. A fluffy, gooey, feeling marshmallow. You can wear an iron suit, it can’t hide the fact that you’re a good man. Iron Man, a superhero.”
Natasha shut the faucet off and leaned against the countertop. Steve mimicked her posture.
Tony’s mind whirls. There’s that distorted image of Steve pushing his hair back and saying
Steve moves faster, hitting Tony’s prostate, hoping that the marks will stay until he gets home and can trace the lines.
“Going across the Great Americana and all that jazz. You know, eat, pray, love, finding ourselves and whatever else people call it these days,” Tony offers offhandedly, already focusing on identifying the program with the engine.
“I was paralyzed with fear!” Steve's hand slipped from Tony's face, down his shoulders, then his arms. His fingers skimmed the bandages on Tony's wrist until he found Tony's hands. He laced them together, not tugging, just touching.
” He read outloud, cheeks turning red. “Is he serious?” Harley turned to Peter, then Natasha before glaring at Steve. “You’re kidding right?”
He drops his face to his hands and hides. “Ok. I’ll do better. I will.”
Steve was planning to build a deck and an urban garden on the rooftop.
I kiss a line down his stomach.
Tony follows the order, rocking his dick on Steve’s stomach. The first drop is warm, gooey, and tastes absolutely nothing, which is very much like Steve. The spit drips from Steve’s mouth unhurried, languid, and Tony groans when it hits his tongue again. Steve smiles, a little upturned curl. Tony would follow that curve anywhere. Except. Well.
“That wasn’t you!”
“And you say it ain’t like that, huh?” The man laughs and claps Steve on the back. “We’ll bring you a beer.”
He’s hit with a pang of jealousy, but perhaps that’s an incorrect assessment. It’s a sour, bitter fruit learning for something that he can’t have, so he’s resigned as a voyeur to this domestic family the rest of them have.
Steve’s shield was raised. His eyes blown and blue, a striking contrast against the burning buildings of the city.
Steve took it after throwing Harley a confused look. Mark XLII pulled him up until they stood close, Steve’s chest and the armor plating touching. Then, the suit pulled him into an embrace.
“Our kid,” Steve repeats in wonder. He closes his eyes for a brief moment, tears falling once again. When he blinks them open, Tony’s got a smile on his face.
Steve bites his lip, “Honey, look at you, look at you. I—”
Thor drops to the ground.
“Where’s the lube?”
“God, Tony, don’t joke now.”
Steve sighs heavily, and shoves his large hands under Tony’s jaw. Presses. Hard. Until Tony’s groaning and his mouth opens to a small circle. Steve tips the glass. “Swallow, come on, you can do it, you’re so good at that.”
“You guys staying in Mrs. Love’s hotel?”
Steve punches my face. My shoulder. My stomach. When I’m on the ground, he kicks me repeatedly. I don’t beg. I don’t tell him to stop. Maybe I’ll die this time.
The Winter Soldier—no, Bucky—got off of the motorcycle as the car crashed into a tree. Howard Stark begged for help and Bucky punched his face until he stopped breathing. Maria Stark was next. Another blink, then the tape sizzled into static.
Her red roots have grown past her ears, but she's kept the blonde coloring of her hair. It’s long and braided to the side. She looks at him cooly and settles her muddy shoes on the dash. Steve pretends to be annoyed, but it's short lived.
Tony leans against him to whisper, “it really was over coffee, though,” and shares a secret smile with Steve.
He reminds himself that this isn’t Steve. Not the Steve he’s known half his adult life. Not even the Steve who straddled his prone body and punched his face bloody while the rest of the world burned.
There’s a framed photo of them at some gala. Tony’s in a suit with Rumiko in his arms.
“As you wish, dear.” Steve glided in until he bottomed out.
The road stretches for miles. Beside them, the car zooms past a series of trees he cannot name. Further and further, they continue west until the sun begins to set.
Steve never hated himself as much as he did in that moment when they all saw Tony’s dead body in Steve’s arms.
Tony turns his head, glaring at Steve but pushing back against Steve’s hips. “What are you thinking about now, huh?”
“And what are you doing, exactly?” Steve dropped another kiss, this time on Tony’s nose. He smiled, giddy and drunk with love.
“No,” he called out, his voice shaky and reverent to his own ears.
You’ll be alright, you have your Papa with you.
It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t.
Steve pulls Tony’s legs up, forcing him on all fours, wraps a hand on Tony’s half-hard cock.
Steve tries not to blush. “Army. Captain.”
“I still have your toothbrush too.” Tony confesses, and feels stupid and ashamed because Steve left and they’re fighting, and yet he’s here about to stick his dick inside Tony.
He glances at her, nearly in tears. “I’m fine.”
He nodded, looking at the river in the east so he could avoid Tony’s searching eyes.
“Alright.” Tony accepts the explanation with a nod. “But that’s not what I meant. Why Steve? You didn’t have to.” he gestures at the room, between them.
A tongue flicks against his hole, and Steve’s diving in, stubbornly trying to milk another orgasm out of him. Tony sags as Steve clutches the back of his thighs, pulling his legs wider and wider apart.
Peter announced himself with a sigh. He sat on the wicker seat, all the green vines in the background climbing the walls frame him. “You should work on it again. He’d like that.”
A song he didn’t listen to anymore. Steve told the kids to turn it off once he heard the first three keys. “Now, Peter. Please.”
Yet, it’s only now that he realizes that all the motels, the hostels, and park benches that he’s slept in were just places.
Tony pictures his pout and the way he played with the sand. Leaning forward...then nothing. There’s a hazy image of Steve looming over him, but that’s likely when he carried Tony off to his car.
He didn’t stop the sob that escaped him. Steve could barely see. His vision was blurry with tears. He got to the showers based on muscle memory.
Tony told the kids that Steve signed up for the army despite being rejected several times and became Captain America just on stubborn will.
Tony couldn’t see himself as anything other than who he was at this moment.
“So, you missed something while you were away on business.”
Bruce takes the final roll of bread and promises to go over some math homework with Kate after dinner. They stand, stacking used dishes in a pile.
But fucking up once is all it takes to crumble.
, then he’ll bend over to just whisper Steve’s name again and again until that’s the only thing he knows. He wants to hold Tony down, pin his wrists above his head, tear off that stupid blindfold that looks like an accusation and throw it under the bed.
Now, there’s this archive in his brain that reads: TONY STARK, in large, bold letters, and it contains all their memories in a loop. These days, Steve finds himself perusing the most awful ones.
“Well shit,” Tony deadpans, his shoulders shaking for a brief laugh. “We can’t do easy, can we, Rogers?”
Nevermind, you don’t want to hear it. Won't talk about it. Not when you can't be here to yell at me. No use in scrawling it on paper when I'd just rehash the event to myself.
Me inside you, maybe.
“Harley,” Steve gritted out, pinching the bridge of his nose. “Don’t mess with your dad’s stuff.”
Missions were going well. They haven’t had a mission as catastrophic as the Chitauri. Most missions were espionage which was more of Bucky and Natasha’s specialty. Sometimes they grudgingly worked with SHIELD on international issues. Other times, they offered their services and power for assisting with natural disasters and humanitarian efforts like hurricanes or earthquakes. Tony threw money on rebuilding cities with green energy, but he also helped on with on-site clean up as Iron Man. Sometimes they had the basic, local villain like Doom or Osborn.
“You truly are.” Steve grins and rucks up his hips.
“This is so impractical, Tony.” Steve caught another button into his mouth, opening it with his teeth, revealing Tony’s chest. “Wearing a dress shirt as we move?”
Steve was high with giddiness when they met the surrogate a few weeks later. They screened all potential candidates and made the selected surrogate sign an iron-cladded NDA and paid her a hefty sum.
I don’t think I can forget how to spell your name.
Despite the bags under his eyes, Tony exults energy, and he appears awake. Well-fed. Steve can’t stop himself from turning his gaze to appreciate the lines of Tony’s shoulders and chest.
He groaned, pressing his fingers to the bridge of his nose. He couldn’t see her. He couldn’t think. But most of all, he needed to stop being a mess. He knew this, understood with conviction that he needed to be Iron Man.
“You’re leaving tomorrow?” He reaches for the bottle, uncaps it, then takes a sip. She doesn’t offer any to Steve. It wouldn’t have any effect anyway.
Maybe he should have planned something more grand. A trip to Paris where he could propose on the Eiffel Tower or while drifting down the Nile. But Steve never fancied himself romantic. He loved Tony everyday, that’s all that mattered. Simple.
“Till the end of time?” Steve barked a wet sob, “Alright, I like the sound of that.”
“Uh, no, I haven’t been not in a while.” Steve finally answers. He flexes his hands on the table to stop himself from reaching for the back of his neck.
And now they’re here—in the hospital. Tony was about to go into surgery and he had cancer. What the fuck was happening? How did Steve miss this? Life was going too quickly. Maybe he got complacent, too delighted with his family life. He couldn’t help but wonder whether they’d be able to detect the cancer if he was more attentive.
The serum was supposed to heal him, yet there’s a gaping hole in his chest. He kept bleeding all over; the wound didn’t scab over.
Steve pressed forward, pushing inside. He didn’t stop until he was fully seated. Then like being in the battlefield, they worked together. Tony pushed out, squeezing his hole as Steve pulled away.
They were still babies to Steve. Might always be babies to Steve forever even if they kept getting taller. Even if their voices get deeper and they don't want to talk to their papa about childish things. They were
Morgan was sitting on Carol’s lap getting her hair braided. No matter how many times Steve tried to get the dutch braids right, it always turned into a mess. Tony had been better at it.
“No, don’t.” Steve gave a laugh, and it sounded jagged and unbearably wrong, because out of the both of them, Steve was the more honest man. “You — it was all you. Me and you at the core of it. I wish I could hate you.” Steve walked to the windows and roughly drew the curtains back. “Do you know what it’s like to have your blood on my shield, how worthless of a man I felt? I could have killed you.”
I don’t know why.
His cock stirs, but he ignores it and scrubs himself with vigor. Water splashes as he steps out of the tub. Steve dries his hair and torso. Little drops of water run from his shins to the floor, but he pays it no mind, only to realize that he’s left his clothes in the room.
Tony knows Steve’s body like he knows the armor. Steve’s about to come. He moans, opens his eyes. The first thing he sees is the red of Steve’s lips, the pink hue of his cheekbones, and the blue of his eyes. “Oh, Tony, fuck, sweetheart, Tony. Tony. Tony.”
Tony rolls his eyes. “I assume you’re talking about me?”
He’s just a man now.
Steve pushed past him and dragged him further inside. He forced Tony down the sofa and walked into the bedroom.
“Like it’s mine.”
She leads them through the halls until they are on the east side of the Compound. Beyond the automatic double doors is the track and field.
It’s not even Ben or Rhodes anymore.
In short, life seemed too easy. It’s as if Steve could have anything he wanted.
“A great celebration,” Thor’s voice booms.
He’s always frozen in time, it seems.
“So, how’d you get Stark to settle down?” Samuel asks, bringing him back to reality. Samuel adds, tone playful, “Don’t ignore the inquiry, boy.”
Steve,
“But we’ve done so much good these last few months. Life’s alright. Shit.” Tony wiped his forehead, laughing. “What I’m trying to say—what I mean—you’re a good friend. One of my best friends, really. You’re important to me. But I’m a selfish bastard and I always want more. Not saying I’m not satisfied with what we have. You're wonderful. Amazing. I’m happy with that, really. But uh, I can’t deny that I want more. So, if you’re interested. It’s there. I’m offering.”
Tony nods, and then he’s turning away again. Again and again, Steve might never get used to it.
The shower is too hot, but when he twists the knob, it’s too cold, so he settles for the former, hoping that somehow it’ll wash away the sore ache on his neck. There’s a small shampoo bottle and a bar of soap. There’s only one, and it’s already been used by Tony. Steve bites his lip, takes the still wet soap and runs it along his body.
delete
“Would look better on dad,” Harley said.
“I’m serious, baby. This is just a narrative arc, you’ll be okay. Just one of many. You have to live, Steve. I need you to be okay, Steve. Please.”
The cook is speaking from the circular windows on the kitchen’s double doors. The barkeep raises an eyebrow, and Steve shakes his head. No need for more alcohol.
Tony wasn’t here. Tony was missing. Tony had gone to space.
“I know. I believe it. No one could ever tell you how to do anything.”
He rolls a cigarette, smokes, and lets the sharpness of the tobacco dull the despair sitting on his breastbone.
But he’s crying.
“I’m no gentleman.”
It isn’t them.
“Look at where we are, Steve. It’s always been about him. Your love is a monster.”
The sound of the ocean hitting the shore is dulled out by the conversations around him. It used to be hard, at first, when he got the serum. He’d hear everything in his proximity, even a whispered conversation. When he woke up in the new century, New York was too loud, too bright, too much. He focused on something though, a single heartbeat that anchored him.
Everyone has their assisted seats and dedicated role to the team. He knows there hasn’t been any other world-ending crisis, and if there was, he hasn’t been informed.
Tony forces the paste down his throat and manages to repeat the act until the cup is empty of paste.
“She lost her father when she was younger, and then, her mother by the Snap.”
The world turns and turns, like grief doesn’t stick to their bones.
He shut his eyes and let the water wash over him, wishing it’d take away the guilt and the maddening grief that followed him like an angry gray cloud.
Let him feel it. It was supposed to hurt.
it’ll be over soon, Steve.
“You don’t think people can change?”
“Did I?”
“I reckon you all are doing great work,” Steve replies.
Samuel raises an eyebrow. “Ok, just Steve, then.”
Tony smirks. “Some people would say yes. But that isn’t true. You know characteristics of a person. You were in the Army, I’m sure you know how to profile someone. But to know someone deeply? I’m not sure that’s possible.”
He knows it’s not useful. Not five years later with thousands of days in between the bunker and Wakanda and now. The four seasons had already passed, and then it passed again, and again.
He pulls away just a few inches to kiss the space under my eyes. “Good morning, Tony,” he says, voice wistful.
He was always level-headed, patient with his younger siblings to a fault. Goofy, always grinning.
Once he is settled, he starts the car and pulls into the highway.
He should feel wrong. Guilty. There’s a lot of things that Steve should feel, but he can’t manage to summon any remorse for yearning to be inside Tony, to kiss his brows, to shower him with love. Protect him. Tell him that he’s good.
“Sorry.”
His tongue feels heavy.
Someone was talking, introducing a new attendee, asking them about their week. It was polite and not at all what Steve wanted. He wanted to jump out of a building and have his body burnt. If there was a God, maybe he’d see Tony. If heaven didn’t exist and there was only hell, and shit, he’d probably end up there, he hoped Tony would welcome him with open arms.
Steve, you have to know that.
“Steve,” she choked out. Steve turned, catching her eyes both hard and filled with tears to the brim. “Move over, let me help you. Come on.”
“It’s me, Steve,” he insists, begging. “Tony, please. What are you saying? It’s me.”
It’s only when Tony felt the wetness sliding down his neck did he realize that Steve was crying, too, then he said, “When I learned you were in a coma, I — I couldn’t breathe. I couldn’t. I don’t want to lose you. I — I haven’t lost you, have I?”
“That’s right, Steve.” Tony said, cuddling in closer.
Steve sighed heavily, looking up at the clear blue sky. The jasmines were all in full bloom, bright white petals opening on every tree. The breeze blew its fragrance and the scent hit Steve with the memory of Tony planning the Compound’s construction. “But they’re not Tony.”
They stood side by side watching the rest of their team and family loiter around the penthouse. The Christmas tree was huge. Fresh. Purchased from a farm upstate.
“This is just one of many, Nat. I keep thinking about how this is just the first without him. There
“Christ. You don’t have to sound so earnest about it.” Tony laughed, patting Steve’s thigh. Steve felt the heat of Tony’s hands all the way to his belly.
Steve held his breath. Everyday was like standing at the end of a cliff and waiting to fall. “He gave me a list of ideas for the next few Christmases, honey. He picked that one out last year—before—” Steve choked, then shook his head, annoyed his voice was failing him. The team was here to see Steve lose it. He didn’t want to look up and see the pity in their faces. Fuck. He focused on Harley, ignoring the twist in his gut.
Riri, Kate, and Tony zoom past them without acknowledgement. They jog at a steady pace with Kate leading them.
It doesn’t resist Red Wolf’s lead. Natasha keeps a loaded gun on Veranke’s head.
Steve relaxed his throat, tilting up for Tony to slide further in. He groaned as Tony hit the back of his throat. Again and again, Tony slipped inside like it was his goal to bruise the back of Steve’s mouth.
“Oh, don't look so earnest now. And you mean we, right, Cap, because I assumed we’d be doing this together.”
Tony’s mentoring a couple of kids like Miles Morales and Kamala Khan, offering them tips and advice. But mostly, Steve’s witnessed Tony chew his lips in worry for the two kids. Being a parent seemed hard.
Steve washed the soap off.
He sips his coffee. It’s strong, and black. No cream or sugar, and the roast is made in the house. Tony would love it here.
It starts quiet. A few scant drops that turn to a loud hiss, and he's pissing all the water Steve forced him to drink. He’s frozen in shock, but Steve kisses him as he trembles in agony.
Steve watched, awe-struck to see Tony Stark in his element. The word genius didn’t cover it. He was more an enigma, something Steve didn’t even try to name. All words failed him. He watched Tony pace across the room, swiping his hands on the holoscreens to expand them and bring them forward. He talked to J, running scenarios and summarizing files. At some point, the holoscreens followed Tony as he brewed a cup of strong coffee.
Steve bent down to pepper Tony’s face with kisses. Tony licked the water on the seams of his lips and opened his mouth up for Steve. Their kiss turned heated and Steve couldn’t take it anymore, so he pulled Tony from the floor. “Wrap your legs around me.”
“And how’s that going?”
They’re all just lonely architectures now.
Sometimes Steve doesn’t have to explain himself, and sometimes they don’t prod. They just sit in this aged granite observing the lake from where they sit cross-legged. It’s an arresting sight.
What do you call two people learning to be around each other again? Ceasefire.
Sometimes grief made bitter men.
This someone was righteous. Had a stubborn jaw, but a nervous undercut to his seemingly confident stature. Captain. Someone in the military who looked out of place. Steve, who moved to LA to find something—someone. Tony recalls this Steve guy saying
He phoned the receptionist with shaky fingers, holding the receiver between the muscle of his neck and shoulder. His other hand was still stapled and he was learning to appreciate the way the distal phalanges curved, like a quirk of a familiar smile. Only, he didn’t remember what smiling felt like. Pride didn’t even make him smile anymore.
His saliva hits the edges of Steve's cowl, dips down the sharp slope of his nose, then onto Steve's cupid bow. Damn, he didn't get it on the "A.”
He’s silent about it, too. Meticulous. Steve doesn’t lose control these days. His hits are measured, calibrated for me to withstand and heal from.
But air leaves his lungs and it’s hard to breathe with Steve lingering behind him, a shadow that follows his every move.
Three years later, here he is, still standing on the edges of the workshop. He stands there, trying to be level-headed.
I think you laughed your way down my throat. Your lips on me. You inside me.
“Tony,” Steve said, helpless. No, he had to focus. He squared his shoulders and addressed the doctors. “What’s the plan of action?”
“Gag gift from Rhodey.” Tony rolled his eyes. “My honeybear thinks he’s being funny.”
“Take your time, it’s fine,” Tony replies, turning to his side. He blinks at Steve, almost like he’s stunned to see Steve still standing there.
“I wish you could say the same thing about my life, Nat.”
can be replaced. They can be dumped and remade. You’ll find one in a similar shape as long as you pay them enough. I know that as Director of SHIELD now. Even I can be replaced. Someone else can pilot the suit. But you? There’s been Captain Americas after you, but they weren’t Iron Man’s friend. My friend. Fuck.
“For what?”
“Hmm, I guess.” Tony was still flustered, eyes darting all over the park. “I mean, with the way you were following me around like a puppy, you were borderline obsessed.”
Sent: 1:29am
The foundation of the Mansion is still here but the interior is rotten. Rats scurry off. Cockroaches ignore them.
“What,” he says because Tony’s standing on the edge of the dock with a suit and Rhodes is beside him, followed by Carol. Bruce Banner is there too, and he’s waving at Steve, beckoning them all forward.
They needed to unpack. Tony said they could hire movers, but Steve wanted the whole moving in together experience—choosing the decor together, selecting which cabinet to put the dishes in, and arguing about where they should place the two plush chairs. Should it be by the fireplace or by the windows?
The kids’ conversation washed over them. All the while, Tony eyed him over their heads and mumbled a thank you. “How about we all stay in bed today? It’s Monday anyway, boring Monday. Let’s just stay here and have a movie marathon.”
The sound of gunshots echo, shocking Tony back to Steve lying in a pool of his blood.
Steve knew the signs. He read the stupid pamphets the doctors handed him after every hospital visit. He just wished he didn't have to see it, wished that the inevitable would never come.
Tony goes to the empty saloon, ruined by the battle, and snatches a bottle. He drinks on the porch, watching the rest of the town cry and shout.
“Yeah, well. Dinner at 7. Communal kitchens.” Tony walks away without a backward glance. His shoulders are set tight, his head held up high as if he’s addressing the board, and not a teammate or an old friend.
Tony remembered that had his faceplate up, crying, begging Steve to tell him what they could do. It was coming in pieces now. There was a photograph of the Avengers hanging on the walls. Steve had thrown the shield down. They’d been punching each other. Reaching no conclusion. Walking out of the Mansion without a second glance.
Steve watches the condensation drip from the glass, like tiny tears falling. He drinks, sips, and doesn’t bother looking at the menu. He isn’t hungry, but he should eat. There’s a slight pang in his stomach, but it’s easily ignored. It’s all fuel for his body at the end of the day. He drinks until the last drop, then shortly, another beer is set, the empty glass taken away.
“So you’re thinking the worst.”
“Yeah? How’s it here?”
You wrote me a letter first so I decided, why not, what do I have to lose now. Already lost you. A dead man can’t write back and unless a miracle happens (doubt it), you’ll never read these.
It’s been forty-one months of holding his breath and waiting for the thread that tied him to this world and Tony to snap.
“You’re talking about him, I know.”
“No. No, Tony. I just mean. Fuck, I’m getting this all wrong.” Steve paused, rubbed the back of his neck. “Tony. I said you’re important to the team. But not just that. You’re important to me, Shellhead. Uh. Tony. I care about you. A lot. Seeing you hurt, I hurt, too. Don’t know if that makes sense. You hurt. I hurt. I don’t like seeing you in the hospital.”
“I was trying to make amends. I was already remembering things then, Steve.” His eyes stung, but Steve forced their gazes to meet. Tony wanted to look away, but he couldn’t.
There was once a time when he wanted this in the safety of their home, if not in the tatters of their decaying friendship.
But they were Tony’s favorite part of this entire house—a place they built together with the hopes for a future.
Tony watches Steve die again.
Steve shifted forward, holding Tony’s body closer to him and intertwining their fingers. “Everything will be fine.”
A single thought haunted Steve: he would live a longer life than he had known Tony.
“You like that?” Steve pulls off, kissing Tony’s pubic bone. His face looks so open, like he’s pleased to be taking Tony apart.
“I know.” Tony sighs and unbuckles his seatbelt. He presses the window half-way down. There's a set of cows resting on the grass. Steve wants to suggest they see them, make a joke about both of them being city boys, but he doesn’t. It doesn’t feel right.
Extremis dumped data, confirming this was Steve Rogers. Flesh and blood. Tony wasn’t stuck in the labyrinth of his memories this time.
Steve doesn’t hate her. He
He kept most of the fan mail in his room and hung up his favorites in the office. There’s one letter thanking him, Steve Rogers, not Captain America.
I accept this fate because there’s nothing else for it.
Steve isn’t a good man. Tony’s wrong. Steve is full of wanting. He might do something terrible to get what he wants. He’s always walking that edge of taking what he deserves because he goddamn almost died and sacrificed his life for a country. He finds himself revolted with the thought of not asking for permission.
Steve interrupted. He was biting his lips and kept shaking his head and refusing to meet Tony’s eyes. “Not right now.”
“Wooing you. Hoping like hell you’d fall in love with me.”
He wants to press his face to the crook of his arms, wipe away the dampness there. Hide. But he doesn't. He puts on a brave face, nods.
Silence embraces them, and Steve stands there, waiting for direction. He twists his fingers, then stops, annoyed with himself. He breathes out, tries again. “Do you need help with anything? Anything I can do?”
Steve tries to breathe through his teeth, but it’s hard because it feels like he’s been punched in the gut with his own shield. And then he falls, falls like he’s being pushed by no enemy, no villain, no one but himself.
as if the statement sufficed as an invitation to two people he’s never considered friends. Allies and teammates, yes, but they were Tony’s people.
Steve kisses him, sweet like he’s afraid to break Tony, and it’s so different from the daily beatings he had endured when he first woke up, limbs aching from disuse.
A little bit like the song, yeah.
“Relax,” Rumiko whispers, squeezing his bicep with a nod at his flagging erection.
“I’m sure you can talk her ear off about it, but it’s up to her.”
“I came on my own.” Steve raised his hand to stop the door from shutting. He had that concerned quirk in his eyebrows, and Tony remembered that there had been a time when that look made him feel safe.
The warm and loose feeling is crawling up his spine and it makes Steve a little braver, a little bolder. “It sounds like you haven’t had many people care about your life, then.”
We’re a dying breed.
He knew he was being needy and he’s been clinging into Tony since he was first diagnosed. Natasha and Pepper both agreed that Steve was like an emotional octopus, getting all his arms and feet all over Tony and refusing to let go.
Steve breathes shakily, then shakes his head, utterly determined to make this right, to be deserving of this. He wipes his damp hands on his jeans and follows Bucky out.
Steve's jaw was clenched and his eyes narrowed. Tony hated how he could be reduced to silence when Steve looked at him. He thought Steve might tackle him down and choke him.
Steve nods, willing his vision to return. How many lives lost in an instant, he wonders. He knows the numbers. He does. He’s seen it printed on the paper.
“I didn’t come here to apologize,” Steve finally said. He lied prone, his fingers idly scratching the sheets. He shook his head.
And then, she was gone.
The city swallows him down. The skyscrapers loom and reach for the sky. Below, he’s just another faceless man. He’s a survivor of the Snap, Decimation, Disappeared, the Blip…whatever people are calling it these days. Steve only knows the gut-wrenching twist in his stomach. He wonders how many more days he can ignore it.
The room is warm, but he isn’t a fool because this Steve can’t give him anything without demanding something in return.
He listened to the conversations around the table, chiming in and nodding at the right places so it didn’t look like he was lost in memories again. On his left, Bucky nudged him, pushing the plate of corn tortillas towards Steve.
“It’s fine.”
She’s happy. She had promised that
Victor leaves, then it’s just Steve and Tony.
Extremis informed  him of the date and time. He’d slept half the day away.
“Steve, I’m sorry,” Tony said, completely broken. That was another memory that appeared before he started drinking. “I’m so fucking — I couldn’t take off the mask.” Tony set a hand to Steve's wrist and pressed on it, feeling the pulse of his heart.
He’d like a dog in the house. He never entertained the idea as a child, but now, Steve understands the appeal.
Harley sat beside Rhodey and engaged him in a conversation.
Steve was warm, ran too hot, and Tony always pressed closer to him, a moth to flame, orbiting around Steve until he burned.
If only life is easy. Straight-forward and simple, no catastrophe every Tuesday afternoon. A quiet, uncomplicated life.
And you don’t, Steve almost replies, but he bites the inside of his cheeks and waits for Tony to continue. He’s got no right to be bitter, but in truth, he’s out of his depth. Tony is correct. He doesn’t know how they run the Compound without him. There are things that Steve needs to get used to. Or not, he remembers, he’s not staying, after all.
“Tony, you couldn’t have known.”
“It’s good!” Steve says, and this is familiar. Their taste palates are completely different, and it was always fun when Steve came home with random take out and Tony would school him on what was good, and what was awful. Apparently there was such a thing as “authentic Chinese food” and the stuff that Steve would grab at the Chinese Expressway at the corner for 34th Street didn't qualify as authentic.
“I’m on my way to the greenhouse, if you want to come,” he says, pointing at the cottage-like structure down the road.
“Why couldn’t he figure out how to cure himself, then? Why? Why’d it have to be him?” Steve spat the words out, voice shaking with rage.
Nnno.
“No,” Steve says easily with a smile. “You married me the day after I proposed. Ready to start a life with me. It’s everything I want.”
Back then, there were so many times he thought he overstepped and believed they were fighting. Now, not so much. All those little arguments between them seem minuscule, like little creeks in the valleys compared to the distance between them now… They have an ocean of unresolved problems, and while Steve’s swam out of Potomac, he’s never liked the feel of coming up for air for the first time.
His man was so strong, not just in the face of an alien or a villain, but when they encountered adversity, Steve always looked to Tony for guidance.
“Thank you. That was… You’re perfect.” Tony’s smiling, fucked out. Then, softly, he adds, “You really are. Truly.”
They're not so far apart that Steve can't smell it in his mouth. Steve is glad he's stubborn enough to hold his ground, to stand by his assessment: Tony doesn't want anything to do with him now, and he's only here, in this moment, because of Tony's generosity.
“I don’t doubt it. Humans have that ability to keep going, roll with it.”
You know how I was telling you about Namor? He’s still an ass.
He frowned, before his eyes flashed to Steve. “From
There’s Tony with a duffel bag in his left hand, sunglasses on his face.
Tony placed a hand on Steve’s cheek and turned his face. Steve balled his fists over Tony’s hospital gown, letting the tears stream down his face. “It’s gonna be alright, Tony.”
“Were you in India for long?”
“You’re finally ready to settle down, Mr. Stark?” Steve pressed another kiss, this time, on the bruise forming under Tony’s eye.
Tony was cold and he thought that the balcony door might still be open, but he didn’t want to check. That required moving.
“He’s not —“
The marathon was over when Tony died.
“It sounds like you missed seeing my handsome face.”
“I love you too, Tony.” He sighed, closing his eyes. The sun washed over them and life was good—
Steve mixed the pancake batter and made eggs on the other pan. The bacon sizzled on the back burner and he ran up the garden rooftop to fetch some white carnations. He wasn’t gonna cry. It was gonna be alright. It was gonna be a good day. Tony’s feeling better today. They’ll spend the morning in bed and just be happy. Yeah, Steve could do this. He’s not crying. He’s not.
“Your dad will always be with you. With us,” Steve swallowed, squeezing the kids’ shoulders. He looked at the set of photographs on the wall, chest heaving. “It’s true. Everyone will say this to you. He lives on through you, through us, through our memories. There’s a million and one things I could say to you kids. I’ll tell you all about your father. Everything he
“Tony. You’re gonna get grease all over the bed sheets. Again.” Steve grumbled about Tony’s dirty clothes almost every other night. But he really didn’t care. It was part of their routine. Bicker about the sheets, argue about who’s turn it was to take out the trash.
No body recovered.
“Quid pro quo,” Tony hums, closing his pocket tool box and hoisting up his track jacket.
Sometimes he found himself wishing to see Tony.
“That isn’t what I meant.” Tony begins walk down the street and back to the little hotel.
“Uh, my head hurts.” Tony crawled into bed with a groan. “I swear, I’m gonna need prescription glasses because my left eye has gotten a lot more blurry this past year.”
Out from a distance, there’s someone on the guitar playing cover songs of the latest hits, or at least, Steve thinks. He doesn’t listen to much music these days. His mind is occupied by other things, like planning, and Tony, Tony, Tony. He thinks he knows the song though, a tune he used to hear while in the streets of Brooklyn. A feature about a soul with good intentions.
He nods at all the right places, hums when he should, he’s on autopilot now. He wants to pay attention, he really does, but he finds his mind drifting to Tony, just a few floors above them.
“We should have talked sooner.”
Waiting for his turn.
He wondered if this how Natasha Barnes felt when they showed her the late Deputy Barnes’s scalped head.
“Tony made me promise to make sure that you take care of yourself. I’m not breaking that.” Pepper narrowed her eyes for a moment, then turned and left the penthouse. He knew she’d return soon. No apologies. No hard feelings.
They could leave after this, but that means a longer drive, and another day gone by. Soon, they’ll make it West and back. Steve keeps his mouth shut and alternates his gaze between Tony charming the waitress and the rest of the town milling about in the main square.
“I was being sarcastic...” Peter twisted his lips. “But no, it helps to talk to someone,” he added, pointedly.
“Hi, baby, it’s me.” Tony sat down on his favorite chair in the workshop. He spun it over, arms leaning against the back. “Left you a little something. I miss you already. I’m still here but.”
He had hoped Tony would help, but more than that, he wanted Tony to know the truth.
He fists his dick and presses in.
“No, it’s alright. Leave it.” Tony stops him with a light squeeze. “I like it.”
They dismantled S.H.I.E.L.D. Maybe it was never meant to last. They have Osborn — can you believe it, out of all the people they could have chosen, they put Osborn in charge.
A portrait of Tony Stark hit
Steve didn’t have that anymore. No silent conversations. No hand to hold.
his mind supplies, who blushes like it’s still the 1940s and who’s made him breakfast.
“Come on, Winghead, you didn’t come here to share the couch and catch a movie.”
Steve hums, waits, the expression on his face lighting up in dark amusement. He traces the bruises on Tony’s face.
Steve grins because Tony calling him his husband never fails to make him feel safe, like all the painful, rocky roads of life led to this. “Hmm, I think you’ll look better in the bee suit.”
Steve kissed him back anyway.
Steve choked up on the words swirling in his mind. He flattened his tongue, swallowed. He didn’t want to sob. Not today. No, no. He wasn’t. He nodded, determined, and placed a tortilla on Morgan’s plate. “Thanks for being here. Merry Christmas. Let’s eat.”
Tony’s bastard brain betrays him because he fucking loves it, he moans, panting like a cockslut when Steve rubs two fingers on it smear it over his pointed nipples. He leans over, follows the trail of spit until he’s just above Tony’s lips, boxing Tony in with both arms. Steve kisses his lips, chaste and gentle. He inches away, dropping spit on Tony’s mouth. “Please, yes, please.” Tony swallows it all, greedy, he’s always asked for more. Never knew when to quit. Steve’s his worst habit. “I do, I do,” Tony mumbles, slurping and licking the taste of Steve’s saliva from his mouth.
“Fuck it, feel free to go in.” The man grabs the longboard by the stairs and passes him.
Always,
“Sir, Ms. Romanoff and Mr. Barnes are out in the lobby and on their way up.” JARVIS announced.
The rooftop was in perfect planting condition because Tony installed an invisible fortress around their brownstone that controlled the rooftop’s temperature. It was a year round greenhouse and Steve’s perfect, considerate husband built it just to support his hobbies.
“Steve?”
It’s just fresh flowers, picked from the Compound’s gardens. Here he thought that room sat in this moment of time, unfinished, decaying.
He padded to the bathroom, brushed his teeth, and hopped from one foot to another. He looked at himself in the mirror, tilted his head, and examined himself.
Haven’t drank since that one night I spilled. Fuck it, I had to give your shield away. Give more parts of you to everyone else. Let me cope. I wake up everyday feeling drunk, lost, and hung over. Maybe loss does that to a man.
“Oh shut up, Steve.” Bucky opens the door and hops out. “Before you even feel like you should have done more, just enjoy this. You can plan your 10th or your 25th.”
“Listen for once in your goddamn life. If you’ll be out there, traveling, doing whatever it is you do, I want you to be safe.”
He breathed in and out, steadying himself. He needed to get his shit together. It was unacceptable to break down in front of his kid. It was Christmas; they were supposed to be happy.
But he returned.
“Yes, well.” Red Wolf scratches his head and points at the Mayor’s office. “Danver’s late husband, Colonel Rhodes, seems to have appeared at their house early this morning.”
“Fine.” Steve dropped a peck on Tony’s waiting lips. “Can I fuck you later? In that big mattress of yours? Or maybe suck you off while you tinker in the workshop? Will that do?”
It was like opening the manila folder that contained information on "Anthony E. Stark '' as curated by SHIELD.
“The bluest eye.” Steve kisses each one until I blink my eyes open. "There they are.”
It’s winter in New York. I had some down time today. Yeah, what a surprise. I finished all the paperwork at the helicarrier so I busted out my jeans and sneakers and walked to Mosco Street. Out of the armor for the first time in a long while. It’s probably not good to show myself without the armor. Everything could go wrong. I count the hours when there isn’t a crisis. Everything’s gone to shit, Steve. My Avengers—
“There aren’t answers for that,” Steve said. “We’d go crazy trying to explain why.”
“Look at me, please, Tony.”
“All for you.”
They’re inside the Mansion. Steve has Tony pressed to the rubble, broken wood and plaster digging onto his back. He could push Steve off if he wants to. Steve might be an inch taller, larger in mass, but with Extremis, Tony could have their positions flipped.
Steve uncapped the bottle and drizzled some lube to his finger tips. “Mr. Stark can learn some patience.”
Tony might know the averages of his questions. He might be able to spit them out on the drop of a hat, but he isn’t like Steve. He’s not counting the days since he disappeared without the shield, nothing on his back except the snow clinging onto his uniform.
“You.”
The blood oozed from his hands, dying the white of the bedsheets with the color of the suit.
Steve thanks her, already noting how much time left he has to eat. Perhaps, less than an hour. Then he’ll hop on the train that’ll take him out to the ports.
Steve walks further into the house. It’s a lovely home with nice wooden floors he’s only seen while working odd jobs and construction in the Upper East Side. There are large double doors that lead to a massive deck and then, further down is the gateway to the beach. It would be a dream to wake up here if the place isn’t littered with drunk people grinding on each other. A woman in a neon bathing suit winks at him before kissing the pierced woman beside her. He passes them without a word, too strung on
steve, steve, steve,
“Aren’t you angry?”
Steve inches forward, recognizing the man. He leans over and kisses Tony’s temple. It’s disgusting. His lips are too thin and his teeth are uncharacteristically straight. Tony looks up at him, taps his arm, then leans over to snort a line. Tony comes back up and the woman grabs his face with these hot pink fingernails wiping at the blood on his nose.
The tears flowed. Steve shook his head trying to regain his composure, but he didn’t have to, right? He just lost Tony fucking Stark. The kids were crying and holding onto each other. Bruce wiped at his fingers. Natasha tilted her head, fists clenched. Thor arrived late, as always, but had a hand on Clint’s shoulder.
Steve stops in his tracks, letting the sound of Tony’s answering chuckle wash over him. He ignores his stuttering heart and turns to Natasha in question. “Are you sure it’s alright? Is he —“
“Impatient,” Steve nips his groin. “You’ve always been impatient.”
“Make space in that big heart of yours to love another human being.” Tony pulled Steve into the building. They made their way into the showers, stripping efficiently and washing the grime from their bodies.
“No, nope. They’re all you, baby. I’ll fight you till the end of time.” Tony rubbed the back of Steve’s neck, a gesture of comfort. It was all wrong—Tony was the one with a tumor with the same exact size of Steve’s entire world.
“Tony, I’m so sorry. I’m deeply, deeply, sorry. I’m so—” Steve pushed off from the couch and forced himself to stand on rocky legs. He just witness a man learn about his parent’s murder. There were no platitudes to offer.
He suggested they get a place together—not the Tower, which was attached to SI and the business world, but something that belonged to them. Steve wanted a place they’d build together.
Then, he shaved and ran out onto the Compound’s yard, heart in his throat as he stood in awe and nervousness when the spaceship landed to reveal a man he thought he’d never see again.
It’s one of those nights where he’s mulling over history by going through his mental archives. His memories are pristine documents that he turns over and peruses as part of a nightly routine. He tells me things I’ve said before. He describes the grit of my voice as we fought in the Mansion, then later, the rubble from our battle site, and how I stood with my gauntlet’s fired up, against him.
“Just life, huh?”
He shoves two fingers roughly inside Tony's hole, staring at Tony all the while. There's only the sound of his fucking, a squelnching sound that used to make Tony so hard. He's still hard. But, he can't look at Steve anymore. He stares at the ceiling, puts a hand on his cock, and jerks it.
Tony breathes in and out, then looks through the crowd. He winks, likely at Morgan, Steve doesn’t know. He can’t take his eyes off Tony. He turns back to Steve, face erupting into a laugh.
“It’s alright, I’m not going anywhere.”
Tony stares at him for a moment, but he soon falls back asleep, head pressed against the belt. Steve smiles, fond, then shifts him so that Tony’s more comfortable.
Getting to the last button, Steve leaned away to admire Tony’s flushed face and heaving chest. Steve traced the scarring on Tony’s sternum with a finger tip.
The following morning, Steve wakes to the breeze drifting in through the crack from the glass door. The pale blue curtains blow back and forth.
“I’m done.”
“Should we, I don’t know, talk?”
“You look so good like this, fucking yourself. Take it Steve, take whatever you want. I’ll give it to you. Anything. Whatever it is.”
“I don’t smoke.”
Tony hisses as Steve drags his thick cock against his balls. He looks down at his broken feet, focusing on the missing nails.
Four fingers.
“That’s good, Pete. That’s good.”
“I had to tell them that I’m Iron Man.”
He gave the hand to Tony who eyed it with a flirty grin. He paused for a moment before slobbering over Steve’s cupped hand. “Captain America is such a bastard.”
A forced grin appears on his face, his gaze unwavering.
Steve felt cold with grief, walking around his home with all of Tony’s inventions loitering around. He couldn’t even talk to JARVIS without thinking of him.
Some moved away from town and into the mountains or the Capital, swearing that the returned were the work of the devil.
It would take him less than half an hour.
“So, what happened after you found Riri?” Steve presses, shoves food into his mouth so he doesn’t say anything else.
Steve cried, holding onto Morgan, tight. He’s always been careful with his strength around them, but he wished to God they weren’t in the workshop so he could smash all the suits to take out his resentment.
After Siberia.
“You okay?”
They burned Tony's body but maybe even then, the particles and molecules making him up will go into the universe and transform into something else. Hopefully, something beautiful and worthwhile.
It’s getting cooler. He shifts to the side, sits up, and tucks Tony’s spent dick inside his pants. With nothing to clean them up, Steve grimaces and wipes his hands on the inside of his t-shirt. Tony is still asleep, even with all the proding, so Steve hoists him up in a bridal carry and makes the short walk back to his car.
“Nothing is ever easy,” Steve murmurs to the empty room.
“Sweetheart.” Steve drops his head, mouths at Tony’s thigh and there’s a wet spot on his jeans now.
“Shut up, Buck. You’re just mad none of your lines don’t work on Sam.”
“You can say it back, too.”
He doesn’t ask where the rest of the team are, who is still alive.
It was raining outside. A dull drizzle, like the beat of a dying heart.
Tony corrects the placement of her hands though, and congratulates her when she meets her mark.
He bawled, head hanging low, vision blurry with tears and suddenly, he was shaking with the force of his cries. Steve pressed his fists over his eyes. The back of his hand was cold, alleviating the heat and sting from his tears.
There are tears in his eyes, and he shouldn't be crying because he's endured worst in the field as Iron Man, for fuck's sake. But humiliation washes over him, and Steve, no, the man with Steve's face, is murmuring about bad behavior but Tony can't focus long enough to listen.
