‘Leaks are very much the matter at hand, little brother. You seem to have come into contact with several… undesirable witnesses to what they, falsely I’m afraid, believe to be definitive evidence against certain people. Not Gruener, I grant you —’ he added, in answer to Sherlock’s distaste, ‘but certain other parties. These people to whom I refer are not to be trifled with. It would behoove you, therefore, to avoid dragging any peripheral names unnecessarily to light. Nor would it be especially wise for you to jump in where you might much more profitably
John bristled, settling back into his seat with a little huff of, ‘Bloody hell. You two never let anything be simple, do you?’ He measured his breathing for a moment, and Sherlock wondered if John was sufficiently annoyed by the conversation to drop it now and take it up with Mycroft at a later date. They had about ten volumes apiece of artwork and pathological narcissism to read.
) or another such enemy had selected a magnet, south to south, with which to attract his worst qualities and send them all flying off dangerously in opposite directions. The question was not why Violet was not sickened, repulsed, by the thoughtless, hideous cruelty of her lover, but rather how to convince her that her obsession for Gruener would outlast her utility to him; that when that happened, the
The worst part was, she was a charismatic young woman — the kind of girl he could see hosting out-of-control, tabloid-bound parties, hands dotted with real diamonds twirling real champagne, being pandered to by all kinds of celebrities and rich daddy’s boys in clubs; the kind of girl who would be high as a kite four nights of the week and whose friends would shoot up while sprawled on her expensive sofa but not wonder if she’d made it home safely or had ended up choking on her own sick in an alley.
‘What time is Gruener expecting you?’ he asked, rather than anything close to what he wanted to say.
A bit upset with myself that this Mary wasn't quite as S3 as she was S4, and then not even that? And in fact, while I'm listing grievances, bit sorry that Molly didn't get as many lines as the boys. Being a fem-identifying feminist writing from cismen's perspectives? Headache, at times.
with dead certainty, that he wasn’t wrong here: it wasn’t a request that Sherlock was
It wasn’t good, not even a little bit good, that John thought such things — not ever — not even to himself. But once, not so long ago, Sherlock would have immediately accepted it: the idea of their bones, their hair, their remaining organs putrefying and crumbling after death into a single embrace of matter was simply the logical terminus of the completeness he felt every time he was near to John. It was wrong, he was sure, to want such a thing. Fortunately, it seemed John was just as bad as himself.
‘But always here?’
‘I don’t understand,’ John repeated.
‘I’m fine,’ he protested, even managing to make it sound light. ‘They’ve found me a spare roll-away bed: living in the lap of luxury here.’ But she clearly wasn’t about to budge without a better reason. He lowered his voice. ‘I just… I have to stay to make sure he doesn’t trick one of the interns into giving him the good stuff.’
Comments always appreciated.
They didn’t kiss goodbye.
occurred to them, and that he had been among those patients to bring the fact to their attention. ‘
‘Will we?’ asked John, finishing off his beans.
Lady Morcar’s missing jewel came to be in the bowels of a parrot several miles away across London, and to ensure that no blameless party is held responsible for the disappearance. That’s
And however successful he might deem their intercourse of this morning, the dread lurking in his chest cavity revolved around the fact that it had been a success
He had wanted to go out. He made himself do that too.
’ —Anne Sexton, in
‘Yes,’ Sherlock confirmed. ‘Only someone determined to get the carbuncle exclusively would do such a poor job of faking a burglary. Horner either is or isn’t a cunning burglar, but he cannot be both. Meanwhile we still have no evidence to free him, nor of the current whereabouts of the jewel itself. If Ryder had intended to sell it and live off the profits, he would hardly have turned up to his shift today, to say nothing of his appallingly obvious guilty demeanour.’
, said John’s voice in his memory. Suddenly even the previous evening seemed continents away.
that?’ John wondered. ‘During sex doesn’t usually count, Sherlock.’
‘Long, tedious shift, patients all unspeakably boring; spilled soup on your shoes, had replacement takeaway lunch with’ (he swallowed down the errant panic in this burgeoning deduction) ‘someone you know. Tube horrifically busy — replacement works on the Circle line backing up service through the major central stations.’
The man’s hand splayed across his raw, blistered cheek, but even through his fingers they could see the disfiguring gash was gone.
Like a long, stretched-out downbeat, Sherlock’s quiet, ruffled breaths sent reflexive shivers of gooseflesh where he was tucked in below John’s chin. At least, stilling, John told himself it was reflexive. He waited.
‘Nah, no, it’s… I just don’t think it’s my colour.’
in his ears, listening to Sherlock describe the warped, broken, inherited and utterly individual shitshow that was John Watson, addicted to adrenaline and violence, apparently — (god, the number of people he’d thought about punching just today) — a junkie waiting to break free, just like Sherlock was a junkie, deep down… what a fucking pair.
He managed to smile again, awkwardly, as she — ‘E’ — walked past a few moments later, stepping gingerly over the teenage staffboy who was now mopping up the rest of the spilled mess.
) tipped up at the side, and then he rocked forward. ‘I can work with that.’
– and he won’t stop…’
After a while, when night had come on properly and the windows rattled every so often with a gentle shudder of autumn wind, he looked across to find Sherlock standing at the desk as he put away his bow.
Sherlock scowled. The nurses had been infuriatingly unforthcoming in response to his requests for reading material, case files, their own histories, or anything of even the remotest shred of interest.
Baker’s face was creased with shock and almost comical disappointment, and John intervened, hoping to force him to come down, on one side or the other. ‘I think Sherlock said you bought this bird for your wife, Mr. Baker?’
“Okay. We’ll still surprise Maggie but we’ll have her tells us her limits and what she’s comfortable. That way you don’t have to feel guilty because we’ll be prepared.” Sherlock nods.
She wraps her arms around him, nuzzling her face against his shoulder. "Okay."
Sherlock hums. “Why is he so mean to you both? I thought you all loved each other.”
Mycroft frowns, shaking his head. "G-Gregory, please, it's not his fault."
"Mm a place Sky told me about. Members only club for the wealthy and horny." He smirks.
'Losing was never an option.'
Dominic nods and sighs. “That’s good. I just want to make sure they’re okay as well. I don’t want them getting lost.”
"Really?"
He smiles and sips his drink. "You must be really good to get the lead."
She blushes and whimpers.
"And we couldn't plug our ears because our fingers were so frozen. God, the longest fifteen minutes of my life." John grins.
"Mm." John smiles.
"God, your fucking mouth is always so good.." He groans, rocking his hips.
“Yes.” She moans, not realizing how wet she’s getting from being so relaxed.
"Oh god." She moans loudly, legs tightening around him as she listens.
He licks her face and nuzzles her back. ‘Mm. Alright.’
He kisses his head. "I love you too."
“Alright.” Margaret nuzzles John.
“It’s complicated, a man called Archduke Franz Ferdinand was assassinated. Germany and some of the central countries in Europe fought against the rest of the world. They lost.” Sherlock explains.
“So be angry with me. Be frustrated at me. Hate this situation that we are both in. But don’t you dare think for one moment that I regret the pups you carry in your womb because if you truly think that you don’t know me at all.” He stares down at John. “Just because I don’t tell you something does not mean it is because I want to hurt you or because it’s from a place of malicious intent. It is because I’m trying to manage your stress levels because you can’t seem to do it yourself. You charge headfirst into danger and it’s one of the things I love most about you. But this isn’t just about you. It’s about our pups. Keeping you and them safe is my number one priority. Nothing will ever come before that. I cannot lose you. I would curl up and die right then and there if you were taken from this world. I would have no reason to live. No will. No purpose. No hope.” He takes a deep breath.
Greg holds him tightly and rocks slowly. "I-it's okay. E-everything's alright. I-I've got you that's all that matters right now.." He rubs his back.
John pulls his trousers around his knees and lays on his back, opening his legs as wide as he can for Sherlock. “Do me. Take me. Please. I need to feel you.” He begs, leaning up and kissing Sherlock hard, not caring if his fangs were away or not.
‘Mm you know it takes hours to satisfy me.’ She purrs and strokes him.
Sherlock smiles and wraps his arms around him.
He hums happily and kisses him back.
'That's perfect. You're perfect.'
They all wake just before dinner.
Molly's eyes are already closing against her will. She struggles to keep them open. "Thea..."
John chuckles and goes.
He blushes and kisses his head.
He moves to tickle his sides.
He moans loudly and licks up her juices as she comes.
"So fucking hot."
Michael smiles excitedly.
She takes his hand and leads him upstairs to their bedroom. She pulls him close and kisses him. "What do you want?"
Greg shrugs. “I do feel alive.” He hums, watching Crystal go through the book.
"I'm glad you're okay too." She smiles softly. "They had to take out my appendix. It ripped open I guess." She hums.
Leave a comment and let us know what you think!
“Wow, he is smart.” The girl blinks.
“Some of these things may surprise you. I figured everyone I worked with saw me as a stuffy old man.”
Back home John's mum frets over them. John hugs her close. "Here," he says softly and hands her the envelope, "Sonogram pictures, and their genders. Remember, we don't want to know."
The other man walks away, as if in a daze. Sherlock's act drops as soon as he's gone. "Mmm... given the thickness of the wallet in his pocket, he probably carries a wad of condoms." He mused. "He shaves all of his body hair, probably to avoid leaving DNA at crime scenes... that hair was a wig, and a bad one... I could see the discomfort from wig rash from here."
Sherlock gasps and moans as he’s filled.
He kisses him back softly. "I love you.."
“Mm..” She hums softly and wraps her legs around his waist, pulling him closer as they kiss.
Michael hurries over to her, holding back his worried and relieved tears.
"Good boy." He praises and kisses his cock.
“Fine.” She frowns.
She kisses along his jaw and straddles him.
Sherlock whimpers and presses a kiss to his neck. "I love you.."
“Fuck.” He groans, voice getting rougher the more he gets turned on.
"Mm medical school pays off in mysterious way." He chuckles, continuing to stimulate him.
"Talk to me, love. What are you worried about?" He hums and rubs his back.
Sherlock smiles softly and nods. “Okay.”
Mycroft sits in the back with John.
"I love you.." He rubs her back.
"At least we wouldn't have to walk it." He chuckles.
"Mm, still my favourite place to eat."
He moans and arches his back. "You. I belong to you."
He hums and gives her hand a squeeze before letting go.
Their energy relaxes just by being near him.
Greg moans loudly around Collin as he's denied his orgasm, his hips bucking up into Mycroft.
She blushes a bit and nuzzles into him, relaxing against him.
Mycroft bites his lip, not sure if he should tell the story. “She fell in love with the wrong person. It made God angry. He cursed Camille to be like this. Soulless so she could never go into heaven or hell. He sent Camille’s lover to reside in Hell. We’re going to raise him.” Mycroft explains.
He smiles. "I'm cancer free."
“Ah, yes, Nina. She’s very sweet.”
'Yes, Daddy. My cunt i yours. Just for Daddy's cock.' She whimpers, pussy dripping wet again.
Sherlock swoops in and kisses John deeply, holding him close.
"Not my fault. You get me so wet Daddy." Violet sounds like a whore when she moans as he moves the thick heavy plug. "Just thinking of you putting your cock in me and filling me up with babies makes me drip."
"Who's Mike?"
The tiger tenses as the sound of boots get closer.
Pete watches, a bit in awe at how in shape he is.
“I can’t believe I’m fighting this hard for someone who’s acting like such a prick.” John rolls his eyes. “I’ll behave.”
"Mm, but I want my little slut to be comfortable. What is it that you want most?"
After what felt like ages, his lips sore, and Sherlock's legs certainly asleep, he got up and offered Sherlock a hand up.
He gasps and moans loudly. "Yes sir, please. Fill me up one more time. Please."
“If he lets me fuck him, I’ll let him use Sherlock.”
He smiles softly and nuzzles him.
“Daddy takes such good care of me. Opens me slowly. Fucks me so nicely. Pushes his big cock so deep into me. Makes me feel so good. I love it, Daddy. I love you so much.” He whimpers and rocks back into him, meeting him thrust for thrust.
After placing orders for their mains — John jumped in first, which of course meant Harry, giving him a look, followed and stubbornly ordered some hotpot thing that would take
‘For what? For traumatising your daughter and potentially dislocating her shoulder?’
As John had hoped, Christopher melted at this and made quick, messy work of getting them both up the stairs, losing their clothes along the way.
) people heaving adrenalin-soaked breaths in his ears.
Billy was successfully not selling his charity newspapers (already met his quota; required to stand outside for another eleven minutes; recently had his hair cut short (though still greasy), by a short woman with long black hair, his girlfriend then, left-handed and — pregnant) outside the Tesco Express.
shut behind him — he was wide awake. He felt keyed up, itching to drive fast and take screeching turns, to gamble (he’d missed Sunday’s poker game with his unit), to go say ‘fuck you’ to his heredity and get blind drunk and prove that he didn’t need a family as much as he needed to feel pride in his work, and maybe himself. But not tonight.
Instead, settling down with fresh tea a minute later, John picked up the Guardian from beneath the pile of other papers and post they had in today. Truthfully, Sherlock had fallen asleep last night before the food had even arrived, after John had shoved him towards the bedroom to get changed out of his suit. (It had gone to the cleaners today — the good ones, who owed Sherlock a favour — but even so John apologised thoroughly for the musty, machine oil-drenched smell. Too bad there was no client left to foot the bill.)
Sherlock blinked. He didn’t — He checked to see if the page had been inserted as something of a joke or… or publisher’s gimmick, to be printed at random on some romantic commercial holiday to boost sales with random proposals to and from unnamed lovers, but the page was sewn in with the rest, in the same font and spacing as the next page (‘Chapter 1: A Study in Pink’) and Sherlock was speechless.
As usual, Sherlock bolted almost before they had fully braked; as usual, John thumbed the requisite notes from his wallet, grunted some farewell, and followed. The door slammed shut, and he started. Watching the cab pull away, he had the sinking feeling that he had left something on the seat, or, a dreamier sensation, that he’d been missing something fundamental – his watch, perhaps, or his shirt – all day, and that Sherlock and Mr Ramani and the cabbie had all been too distracted or too kind to say anything.
John’s stomach lurched at the wrongness of Sherlock lying, propped up, on his back, eyes shut: he slept at odd angles, nose and mouth squished as he drooled directly onto the mattress or pillow, knees bumping John’s in the night. Recently, anyway. From now on.
‘Good walk?’ John inquired.
Pivoting into the room like a man whose knees were splinted into leg-length plaster casts, Baker regarded them both sheepishly. His wig-like ginger-blond hair was untidy in every direction, while his well-worn jacket sleeves were dappled with mends and almost transparent threadbare patches. He was about six foot tall but seemed, with his elbows and nose and feet and ears all protruding knobbily, at least eight, like a Punch puppet on stilts. He seemed as surprised to be standing in their living room as John wasn’t to remember he had run from someone as unintimidating as Sgt. Challa.
The sounds of gathered breathing and the occasional rustle of cloth and bodily movement brought Sherlock into one of the open spaces in the main assembly hall, where a group of three monks in turmeric- and wine-coloured robes were working, knelt low over patch of floor and surrounded by small bowls. Sherlock looked around, unsure if his appearance was violating some sort of regulation about outsiders. Several more monks were seated, legs crossed, in another circle, each with a candle set before him, eyes shut: presumably, praying (though given the hour, Sherlock wouldn’t have blamed them for sleeping, as he wished he could). It occurred to him that he had no idea what they prayed for, or how, or to whom/what deity or force. Since nobody seemed especially alarmed at his appearance — he had left his shoes, as requested, outside — , he moved around the outside of the hall, amidst an array of, no doubt meaningfully-clad, statues, circling the low-inset floor to the best of his ability in the ascetic semi-dark.
, there it was: Gruener’s boasts of being himself a craftsman of the very art he collected, the difficult work of replacing the photographs without help, Molly’s chemistry, Suze’s injuries. (Wagner?) Developing fluid, but – no – more effective, more… craftsmanlike, acid (ferric or nitric, depending on the artist’s preference for medium). Or even – he dusted over the label on the bottle in his Mind Laboratory –
person he’d basically forgotten since Sherlock had come back. Another email he ought to send. Though, then again, he doubted (knowing the Major’s reclusive lifestyle, after everything that had happened) he’d be willing to come to London just for a pint and a catch-up.
A horrific gentle noise behind him made him twist, immediately alert, to see where the darkness of the street nevertheless glinted on a tiny pool beneath his open window. The laces of his shoes were swaying with each flurry of rain, dripping.
The film was what was probably deemed a dark comedy, considering the verbal abuse several of the characters were hurling at the man with the stammer, and the fact of the criminal scheme at the heart of it, but Sherlock found himself sufficiently entertained to stay awake. John, of course, was… more than sufficiently amused by the time the familiar-sounding English actor screaming to find his wife (an actress not entirely succeeding at a posher accent than her natural speaking voice) rather than his duplicitous mistress in the study.
With a shuffle of shoes on the carpet, Ryder stood, then, apparently deciding John wasn’t about to throttle him or throw him to the floor, practically ran out the door and was swallowed up by the rain.
After a moment, John stepped around him. ‘Right, then.’ He kept his tone in check, but his strained patience was almost palpable. (Thai: even with their contacts/favours, it was hardly the cheapest meal for a non-occasional dinner. And out of the way from the flat, hence his delayed return time.) ‘Well, I’m starved, so don’t mind me if I don’t pretend to be above human food.’ He moved around the kitchen with his usual ease, shoulders more tense than a single minute before, almost certainly rethinking his remarks about voluntary celibacy, but thoroughly determined not to show his disappointment as he gathered a plate — no, two plates,
, Sherlock replied instantly, ‘Only the moment before I disarmed her, just after Miss Winter began to move on Gruener.’
to debase himself to.  ‘I’m not some sex-crazed bastard. I haven’t ever forced anything on anyone, least of all you. Now, I’m going to bed. Goodnight. And if and when I want something, for the record?
Mycroft smiles. “That’s good. I have somethings to say to Sherlock, it would be good for you to hear them as well.” He says softly.
"I believe that is everyone."
With all our love,
Veronica sits in Sky's lap and nips at her lips. Sky purrs and pulls her hair.
“Care to tell everyone why they’re here?”
"You both thought you were being sneaky but I know what you did at the table at the pub last night when you thought no one was watching." Sherlock whispers and smirks.
Sherlock sends a picture of Rosie and Mrs Hudson to John as proof.
“Anything for you, baby.” He kisses his head, rubbing his belly protectively.
“I’ll donate like last time. It’s not a big deal.”
“Boyfriend?”
"It's okay. I've already seen it. It doesn't make a difference now." She hums softly and leans against him.
“Would you?” Mycroft asks happily. “How is that possible?” He asks.
"Mm, I'm not sure that would fly here. But I can take you outside. There's an alley behind here."
He moans and opens his mouth for him.
Michael smiles softly. "You can get some work done as long as we can all have dinner together."
"I think it's time for a tour of the house." She smiles and nuzzles him. "Brilliant idea, dear. You have plenty of time before dinner." Mrs. Brix smiles.
"Mm yes."
Sherlock gently eased him onto the bed.
He smiles softly, dozing off a bit.
She blushes and cuddles into him.
“I have scarring over my back. I can’t really feel much skin wise but I can feel pressure.” Sherlock nods.
“Mm alright.” Eli nods.
He holds him close.
Violet starts to wake, yawning.
"Thank you." She smiles and eats slowly, not having eaten in days.
Sky looks at Zack as he reads the letter.
He blushes and whimpers as he rolls his hips into her. "Please.."
"But why?"
"Yes, of course, My." Greg whimpers softly and spreads his legs. He picks up his pen and tries to work.
She giggles and squirms ticklish. She pulls him up and kisses him deeply pouring all her love and affection into it. "You're fucking perfect. No matter if we're in here or out there. I love you so much. So so much. There's nothing I wouldn't do for you. Nothing." She mumbles against his lips.
"That's brilliant." Collin smiles and looks over at Mycroft and Sherlock asleep on the couch. Greg hums and opens another beer.
“Mm of course, love. My pleasure.” Violet kisses him deeply before kissing Sherlock and leaving.
"It's funny. I've been good, haven't wanted a single drink until I found out I was pregnant and couldn't drink."
Open up your plans and damn you're free.
He smiles softly and unties him slowly. He rubs his arms and legs, giving him a full body massage.
"You still look handsome."
“I.. this was before I got involved with the mob and everything and I.. I was just so fucking scared. She threatened Greg too. I.. fuck, I didn’t even know who he was and she threatened to take him away. I.. I didn’t know what to do so I did what she wanted.. I stayed away.”
“What do you need?” Eli rubs Mark’s nips and waist.
He kisses him back and smiles.
"I love you, too. So much. So so much, Sherlock.." He mumbles against his lips.
"It'll go beautifully."
She smiles softly and relaxes against him.
“Never been sledding.” Sherlock looks over at John. “What’s it like?”
Michael frowns. "I-I c-can't. My s-stutters too bad."
“Mm?” John hums softly.
Greg laughs and shakes his head.
He smirks and holds her head. "Good girl. Open up for Daddy."
Mycroft nods. “I had some business in a children’s care home. Whilst there I found Anthea. I adopted her from the age of eight. Now at the age of thirty-eight, I want to adopt her fully into the family. You’ll always be my daughter, Anthea.” He explains softly. “I couldn’t tell anyone here in case... well, Sire, you heard what Augustus did. I didn’t want Anthea to have a prize put on her head.”
Sherlock moans loudly, holding onto John with his legs since his wrists are bound.
“Did he give you any hint to what the case was?” John asks.
He frowns. "What do you mean?"
Greg cries out as he's filled. "Fuck!"
“Such a good boy. A good like cock slut.” He rocks up into him.
Sherlock smiles and closes his eyes.
He smirks a bit. “If you stop by, I’m sure we can cross off some other firsts for you.”
Sherlock whimpers as he feels John filling him.
Sherlock nods. “There’s more chance of him listening to you than to me.” He says softly. “I’ll stay here with the kids.”
He frowns. 'I love you and I don't want you to be in pain and I know that he can help you.'
"Mm hello, darling.." Gita hums and smiles softly with her eyes closed.
"Ooh that's hot..." Sherlock moans.
“What are you thinking of name wise?”
“I want to take you to that museum.” John nuzzles her.
Mycroft sighs and leans his forehead against Greg's.
Sherlock is a drunk happy mess. He giggles looking down at Mycroft in his lap. "Yer awesome." He slurs a bit.
Michael stares out the window as they're driven.
"What is? That I happen to find you handsome and charming or that I've never gone out with other patients?" She raises a brow.
He flips them over and straddles him. He pins him to the blanket and grinds against him mercilessly slow barely giving him any friction. "Just because I want you to fuck me doesn't mean I don't want dominance." He smirks and rocks his arse slowly against his trouser covered cock.
"I love you, too.." He kisses his cheek.
He stands and smiles softly. "Thank you, Sky."
He blushes and climbs into his lap.
Even the wrong words seem to rhyme
"I changed it before I came in. Wouldn't want to injure your delicate sensibilities." He teases.
"Mm this is my favorite part." He smiles softly and kisses his neck, massaging his back.
Greg gets into bed waiting to curl himself around Mycroft.
Greg starts opening him with his tongue. He squeezes his arse as he fucks him with his tongue.
And they told the world just how you felt
He mewls, kissing him back desperately.
"I've missed sucking you, Daddy.." She mewls. "The last time I got to suck you was when you knocked me up.."
"Maybe if you were more careful." Turk says before leaving, closing the door. "They weren't up to me." Sky sighs and rubs her face.
“Ah.” John thinks for a moment. “Maybe no wine tonight so we can talk.” He rethinks it.
"Mm.." John pinches Sherlock's nipple gently between his fingers. "I want to hear you."
Michael bites his lip and nods, smiling a little. "We'll finish the game."
He kisses her head softly.
Sherlock smiles. “Well go get some toys. And I’ll meet you at Morna’s.” He smiles as he heads back to Morna’s rubbing his stomach. He arrives there and smirks as he sees Morna. “Are you ready to have so many Gods and Goddess fill you up, my slut?”
The kitten hops into Sherlock’s lap and curls up happily.
He lets John lead him to their bedroom.
Sky whimpers as she listens to them, cunt leaking heavily onto the ground.
Mycroft sighs. “I can’t figure out what he took. John just texted me. He said Sherlock came to for a bit.”
Michael pulls his fingers out when he’s done preparing him. He rubs his thighs gently. “Good boy. Just relax. We’ll take it slow.” He smiles softly.
“So tight.” He groans, slowly rocking.
She gets up and gets some biscuits from the cupboard before sitting back down.
Sky cries out and comes hard into him. She lets go if his throat and lays him down. She massages his wrists, arms, and shoulders from the cuffs earlier. She kisses his back rubbing it as well.
BOOK-LOVERS
Cricked neck. Constricted feet. Olfactory nerve wincing: scent of overpriced
John was an absolute marvel. He seldom appreciated how astute he was, how perfectly sensationally
Chapter 13: Sherlock
Lashes flickering minutely over rolled eyes in I-knew-that-git-couldn’t-manage-a-subterfuge resignation, John licked his lips.  (A tableau of gesture: a dumb-show that even Sherlock could interpret as vexation.)
) ‘but I realised almost as soon as I got back to my flat that it wasn’t the same one! I was gonna bring him back to my sister but I didn’t get the chance! Please, sir, you
Surprised, this time John laughed with her, a proper giggling enjoyment. When he’d regained his poker face, he shook his head. ‘The, er, DIY idea is a no-go: Sherlock ruled it out.’
‘It’s no use, Ryder. We know everything.’
Trying not to be put out, John returned to the newspaper, now slightly crinkled from where his own hands had been gripping it a little too tightly. He read, and then re-read the next sentence until he could be sure he wasn’t about to jump Sherlock in the back of a cab at just before 9 a.m.
Lo, an east wind coming...
, ten sodding minutes in which they could actually make something of this unbelievably long day and just kiss
‘Doctors make the worst patients,’ she chided in a carrying voice, knowing it was one of his least favourite expressions of all time, and he smiled indulgently and prayed for patience. Or a text. Or a waiter.
Shoving these nauseating suppositions away, Sherlock swiftly yanked plastic ties around two sets of hands, another around AGRA’s feet, then (certain they were tight enough – if that was possible –) sprinted across the room and knelt at John’s side. ‘There’s a studio, off the hall – his workshop, certainly gloves. There should be a sink as well, a kit –’
‘Exactly,’ she exhaled, wearily going to the kettle that had just popped. Then, meeting his eyes again for a second as she reached to grab the box of Yorkshire sachets — ‘Oh thanks,’ she added reflexively when he ducked over and got the milk —, she went about pouring the steaming water with the look of a woman who is absolutely bursting with questions.
‘No,’ Mycroft sighed. ‘It’s what you think of yourself.’ He raised an eyebrow pointedly, then turned on his hideously under-scuffed shoes (no legwork) and made for the door. ‘Do have a care, Sherlock. Not all fences are as easily mended as those between you and Dr. Watson.’
shielding Molly (who, though she could almost certainly get herself out of harm’s way, was nevertheless a vulnerable target, and – from the sound of her shallow, choked breathing, beginning to panic about her odds of ending up in a fire-fight). Sherlock was displeased with the odds himself, as it happened, but he knew something that no one else in the room did – a feeling that so seldom got old, and never in circumstances like this, when his knowledge was decisively to their advantage…
Assuming (rightly) that John wasn’t about to respond to any of that, Sherlock went for a different tack. ’Surely we’ve met our collective familial obligation quota this week.’
Without even bothering to roll his eyes, Sherlock noted, ’It would be the perfect place to implement the plan.’
That voice.
defending ‘national industry’, and how much teasing he would have been in for on the cab ride home; the absence of the sound grated worse than St Clair’s shouting.
‘Chelmsford,’ he admitted, allowing some of it into his voice.
The polite composure with which Sherlock enunciated this statement struck John first as hilarious, and second as staggering. Uncertain, he searched Sherlock’s face for anything like a joke. In its place he saw simple fear.
‘Wahey!’  Stamford shouted gleefully, coming over to grin and lift a pint in Sherlock’s direction. ‘You made it! Good lad.’
Then again, not
John stopped moving his fingers. ‘So much for enjoying the moment.’
couldn’t find their way out of with a map. Now we’re here to help and you’re saying you want us to go for a walk?’
– careful!’ – but of course John knew what to do, grabbed Ryder before his knees hit the floor and managed to lift the apparently invertebrate man entirely undignifiedly into Sherlock’s chair. The rattle and
She turned her bright, intense gaze toward him, and he felt instantly that she was the sort of woman who got what she wanted, through sheer force of personality rather than tricks or ploys. And her cheekbones…
‘Baron Gruener is “fond” of racing horses (not cars or dogs), enough to be co-owner of at least two winning thoroughbreds in recent English and French contests. But his interest is far more on the training side than that of an inveterate gambler.’
John waits, because he knows—from both sides of this kind of conversation—that he should.
‘Well, if you’re offering,’ joked John. ‘And,’ his eyes flicked up to Sherlock, ‘a gin-and-tonic for this one.’
Excellent. Everything finally according to plan.
‘Yeah, sorry, just…’ An unwelcome idea was burrowing into his brain, shifting his guilt over the last three mad minutes and instead prodding memories in what had seemed to be separate areas until they were forming a mildly infuriating conclusion. He fished out his wallet and grabbed the takeaway bag with his food.
(John had rotely kicked off his shoes into the dark space behind the landing door where a small avalanche of their mingled footwear again, after a long reprieve, rested. Only a minute later, when he realised the reason – or one reason – for his tense expression was the stench of his shoes, did he retrieve the pair from the pile and carry them up to his room, to rest on his open window-sill, soles upturned.)
‘John Watson, I am not some little old lady on death’s door!’ she scolded, placing her hands firmly on her hips. (She probably danced better than he did, at any age.)
‘Exactly,’ rumbles Sherlock, rolling over petulantly onto his stomach and thrusting an arm under his pillow. ‘Your very
With a drenched, reddened hand he deftly pushed the cell-door open, and stepped in. Almost noiselessly, he leaned over the small man who was currently curled on the cot, asleep. All four spectators shuffled in close, Bradstreet nearly blocking the view of his curious and now technically superfluous juniors. John crossed his arms and waited.
‘The book — the galley copies, I guess — came today.’
, John had directed. Yes. Adjusting a dial on the well-nestled surveillance box in the… lower bit of the dash thing (cars: irrelevant), he suddenly was inundated with the crunching of shoes on pebble and two sets of respirations (one slightly faster than usual, one steady).
Maybe he’d send her a text, just to check in and… well, apologise, for everything. He had another hour before his shift.
, with a mischievous twinkle in his eyes. ‘“Famous Doctor Deaths, and How You Can Too”: required right before you start seeing patients as a junior doctor for the first time.’
‘Are we pooling our siblings now too? Does that mean I can send you to lunch with Harry?’
. ‘Fuck,’ he repeated, his nails biting into his own palms through the sheets he was now gripping to keep from touching himself.
‘Did you honestly think she was a nurse? Are you that obtuse? “Mary Morstan” wasn’t even her real name!’
John kicked the door shut behind himself, then inclined forward, kissing Sherlock, sucking his tongue in a way that he felt helpless to respond to except to sit on the bed which was suddenly behind his calves and take John with him. The weight of John on top of him, one knee on the mattress between his thighs, felt both soaringly new and vividly familiar, a continuation of the previous night, and suddenly Sherlock felt hot, overheated, frantic to find all the places of John’s body he hadn’t touched and remedy his oversight,
Ryder, the bird did come here, before it went on to a new home. In the company of a police sergeant from New Scotland Yard.’
‘Not hungry.’
in mind when I was writing this chapter.
He didn’t mention the years she’d been in Florida married to a murdering drug lord, though Sherlock would have.
‘I sincerely hope that was not meant to be from Stamford as well.’
Standing by the shut door, he meant to say, ‘We can either talk about this now, or we can talk about it later, but we
As she reached up to replace the sugar behind a frosted sliding panel, he noticed small pinpricks in the crook of her elbow.
He’d explained, briefly, the plan. Sherlock’s version of said plan was, for once, appropriately simple: impersonate a private wealthy (read: dirty old pervert) fan of Gruener’s work, looking to collaborate on a project around Gruener’s collection. If there was an opportunity, John would meanwhile sneak a peak at any secret books, boxes, containers, apparatuses, or anything that looked promising; if he didn’t get a chance, they’d both memorise as much as possible to relay to Mycroft the moment the interview here was over and Sherlock was safely out of his costume and back at Baker Street. (It was distantly funny to him that
Sherlock’s real laugh, though, was deep and a tiny bit stupid, wrinkling his face as his chest rumbled with genuine mirth. When he laughed, Sherlock sounded drunk, more so than when he was actually past his alcohol tolerance. And somehow his laugh itself was intoxicating. For the full silent half-hour or so after Mycroft’s hurried exit, John had attempted to sift through newspaper notices, while largely just staring at Sherlock, whose laughter echoed in his ears. And Sherlock’s prolonged inattentiveness had the reverse impact of holding John’s attention hostage. Even amidst her honking, singing, and one-sided conversing, Flint had seemed just as interested, nipping at Sherlock’s hair and collar (grating once along his bruise and making Sherlock hiss) until he gave in and scratched her chin. (John had to remind himself, absurdly, not to be jealous of a
‘How do you mean? Something Flint said?’ John’s tone was amused – he had, in spite of his early protests, rather taken to teaching. (This was not surprising: John was a nature leader and fixer, and took particular satisfaction in seeing the direct impact of his efforts. Hence why Sherlock had agreed to eat the bread roll at lunch.)
‘No, she wasn’t.’ That… that wasn’t possible. He’d practically married the woman, been in her flat (in her body), gone away with her for a weekend, learned her family history and met her friends — what little there was — and by god, if she’d been lying too —
John was sitting in his chair, unconsciously at work in his mission to wear the fabric beneath his thumbs away at a rate disproportionate to the rest of the upholstery. He was also regarding Sherlock watchfully.
. Yes, yes yes, I fear you
‘This works in our favour, of course,’ Sherlock reminded them. ‘He’s not so obsessed with privacy that he’s going to take your phones off you – he’s old-fashioned. And he’ll be so preoccupied with wedding matters that he will welcome the opportunity to discuss his despicable hobbies rather than his pending nuptials.’
However ostensibly neutral his words were, the implication in his note of accusation was clear. He had used just such a tone multiple times in the more recent years of our companionship, almost always to imply that my attentions were straying from their rightful object (viz., himself), and onto less appropriate claimants (usually a pretty young woman).
Sherlock instantly broke into his well-rehearsed explanation: ‘I only intended to lie down for a few minutes. You do still occasionally have nightmares when you sleep alone. It seemed prudent —’
— the ringing became a shrill shriek of a commuter (the Thameslink train to Elephant & Castle) approaching —
All in all, a perfectly ‘respectable’ street: the little garden whatever-you-called-it thing sticking out into the road to funnel traffic only one way at a time, thus preventing motorists speeding through as a detour; trees every few hundred yards, on alternating sides of the street; even their mark — the yellow-brick Edwardian house just here by the railway overpass — probably cost more than he could afford (even now) to pay (on his own); the flat in-set, wide, racing green door was neither chipped nor splattered (though, of course, there was the habitual accumulated exhaust and dust that coated the facades and lungs of all London. Across the street, he noticed, was a far nicer house, with bay windows just in the shadow of the elevated tracks, with lace curtains flung aide in the windows and a pretty spray of bright flowers behind the half-height iron fence. (Gruener, Sherlock would have suspected even had he not already known this to be true, would keep this place as a property for himself or for discreet guests — a luxurious residence with all the touches of the domestic that would satisfy short-term occupants. Only short-term, naturally, since the comings and goings of the three identical attached — and internally inter-connected — homes directly opposite would arouse suspicion in the curious, given enough time. (People always needed so much
‘Of course.’ Naturally. John was a social creature (and, at times, he had a divertingly inaccurate sense of his relations with others: this, within recent memory, had been one of the factors that made Sherlock deem it impossible to know how John truly felt about him).
•	John smelled like sweat and something else approaching an oaky malt [
‘John, I’ve already read and commented on every page —’
‘I’ll try,’ he murmured, feeling desperate, though whether he wanted John to hear him or hoped that he hadn’t was unclear even in his own mind.
There would be impressions on John’s hip later where Sherlock had been gripping him tight, though his brain had never processed doing so as a conscious decision.
‘No…’
‘C’mere.’ (John was reduced to contractions and what he could steal back of his own oxygen. A fact about which Sherlock did not felt even remotely contrite.)
and then, eventually,
Of the sluggish apperception dawning with the speed of an actual
The only difference was, some people had the sense to run in the other direction.
It is my greatest joy and privilege to help you.
pounds, Sherlock…’
‘How often do you stay at the Cosmopolitan, my lady?’
‘Dr….’ Baker considered them both, then settled correctly on John, ‘Watson, I must thank you for contacting me. I can only imagine the trouble you put yourselves to.’
‘Yes, yes, obviously you would have to be so entirely sensible to stimulation as to make daily life impossible, if that were going to get your blood up! Move along, please.’
‘Was that all? I thought you were going to ask me about the rugby league Gwen and I are starting.’
‘…and several of the other ladies from the chorus line have taken ill, but it really was only for a day or two. I expect it’s going around, you know, this time of year. All this damp and people not wearing proper coats.’
— the man behind him, the beefsteak (former soldier) who’d held him breathlessly, in ordinary working clothes — scattered, not after the woman, through what was now only a lazy aperture in the gate but, heavy-footed, in the opposite direction through the alley towards the parallel street, in the same direction as —
‘The impact isn’t spread over a wide area. It’s tightly focussed, so there’s little or no energy transfer,’ Molly reasons. ‘You’re falling because you were pushed, not because of your injury.’
victims. He didn’t recognise her.
‘I won’t presume the red wine at a place like this is even remotely decent, so —’
’Sherlock,’ says John’s voice, hardy and full of pride, calling now from above the tracks, above the waterfall, out of sight. ‘My love, you’re going to have to climb.’
John hopes his face doesn’t look as heartbroken as he feels just in that second. ‘Not possible,’ he whispers. And he kisses him, quietly but with as much calm and certainty as he can muster. Rosie is enamoured of Sherlock, gazes in awe at him when he does experiment or goes on a whirling rant—sometimes literally twirling about with her in his arms—about just about anything; tells him every single thing she sees as they walk or take the Tube or stroll through the shops, and giggles delightedly when he deduces embarrassing things she only half understands about the people around them. Only John has ever been so devoted an audience, and in return only Sherlock has the stamina for some of Rosie’s less coherent, abrupt-ending narratives.
— dismissive, unaware,
‘Not particularly.’ He took off the jacket (expensive to dry clean, even if it was only for costume) and handed it to her. ‘Don’t get that dirty.’ He pushed up the bottle-green faux-wool (itchy) sleeves and threw open the first of the two 140-litre wheelies.
He felt pliable, warm, tired, and… he turned his face into Sherlock’s shoulder and smirked. If people had talked before… ‘Well,’ he muttered, to the ceiling.
in John’s face – directed at
After a long moment, Sherlock shifted his own weight fractionally, away from John. It seemed like a dismissal, so he took it.
For some reason, this — this one detail — suddenly set John’s face into a riot of twitching anger, until he could no longer restrict the reaction to his face — had to be on his feet —
When Sherlock rested his forehead against John’s, John emerged from the early stages of sleep, long enough to sigh, and smiled just perceptibly at the edges of Sherlock’s sight, before sinking in relaxation once again.
A year. A year ago.
‘Yes,’ he nodded, frowning, clearly unsure what John meant by this seemingly obvious and random observation.
of the plan. The two of us, against the rest of the world. It’s dangerous, of course it’s “dangerous”, that’s why we don’t let idiots do it.’
Things were still tentative and delicate enough that instead John merely looked away, looked back at Sherlock’s frown, nodded impatiently (at himself, at Sherlock, at this case) and stepped out towards the door. No kiss.
John folded onto the sofa and set his tea on the table. The rain seemed to be slowing outside, but then, he admitted internally, he had slept through the evening. He listened to the street and Sherlock’s breathing.
Since he only skimmed (alright, deleted) the monthly clinic newsletter, he had no idea what she was talking about, but he tried to make a noncommittal noise that allowed her assume whatever she liked.
‘Sherlock? Can you come in the kitchen for a minute?’ His tone left no room for argument unless Sherlock had invisibly slid into a full strop, which didn’t seem the case just yet.
As he lifts the outer layers off and gets her down to a striped, stained top that she
Another buzz, just as he was just locating the sunglasses that were the current fashion with heterosexual urbanite men of his general age-bracket. (Suze would no doubt approve of such sartorial trendiness.) Then he smiled. John never failed to astound him.
The sounds of his gasped air, of the foil wrapper, the plastic bottle again, of Sherlock’s suppressed panting, of the hum of gathering traffic out on the street, of Mrs. Hudson’s television downstairs, all felt blurred and dimmed as John rolled the condom briskly on and adjusted up onto his knees.
‘“These two latter things are, indeed, the only absolutely necessary gift that we should claim of art. The picture-book is not, perhaps, absolutely necessary to man’s life, but it gives us such endless pleasure, and is so intimately connected with the other absolutely necessary art of imaginative literature that it must remain one of the very worthiest things towards the production of which reasonable men should strive.”’
in my life determined to lie to me? It wasn’t enough to face Moriarty, for you to throw yourself off a building? Had to go and pull another trick?’
to be outside while John and Molly were effectively alone in an ambush –
In the stark light of the bathroom, he waited while the water jumped, then eventually climbed in. The hot spray scalded his skin. Closing his eyes, he was glad of the opportunity to let his body drift fuzzily through the steps of shampoo, soap, and rinse, so he could concentrate on figuring out if they had just made a
[Showdown.]
‘Are you getting out or what? I’m freezing my arse off out here.’
He couldn't breathe for a moment, throat and fists tight. ‘I…’
‘I did have to fight him and a few other blokes off once they saw how you look freshly kissed,’ John deadpanned. ‘But this is just me seizing every opportunity to get you while I’m taller.’
‘—I can send a car, where —’
‘So,’ he tried, because they had been sitting in silence for more than a solid minute now and he supposed it was his turn. ‘This is a pretty decent step up from my usual takeaway sandwich.’
Sherlock snorted. ‘They never are —’
, instead of
‘Nothing,’ replied Sherlock instantly, but his weight shifted to his other foot; John thought unbidden of an angry crow he’d seen in the park ruffling its feathers haughtily as it landed on and then promptly took off from a wad of chewing gum.
‘Subtle,’ John remarked.
He had halfway given in to the reflex to lean forward and kiss Sherlock before he realized, with a pang, that Molly could see them and stopped himself.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. ‘Three-and-a-half pints and a third of a basket of chips makes you talk nonsense.’
And his gaze went, as it so often did (even when they were covered up beneath shirts and jackets) to Sherlock’s scars: pink-turning-to-pearlescent, a patchwork of shimmering lines and blotches and burns… John’s free hand was providing leverage, soothing Sherlock’s heaving ribs with his palm, but his thumb was smudging the end of the worst line — a deep, deceptively-gently curved lash reaching almost from his kidney up to his right pointy acromion where it stuck out like the tip of an epaulette. It would have hurt.
‘Which “they” are you referring to?’ Sherlock drawled. This was an entirely extraneous line of inquiry, since clearly he and John would not have allowed matters to come
a high-functioning sociopath,’ John declared, with sweeping, certain decisiveness. The air in the room changed, shifted like the breeze before a storm, the scented gust of fumes and heat before a tube rushed blazingly onto a platform. As though the entire conversation hinged on this and this alone…
‘Who’s a pretty parrot?’ sang the caged bird in Sergeant Challa’s hand.
Clearing his throat, Sherlock muttered, ‘Obviously I don’t have to–’
The constable returned, huffing slightly, staggering as he lugged a sick-bucket that sloshed water over both sides with each step. Behind him emerged a second young officer, a plain-clothes sergeant John vaguely remembered as Paris or Priya or Paula. She brought forth a neatly folded greying towel.
Chapter 2: Sherlock
‘I’m really not bothered when those kinds of people come knocking at my door, or convinced just because they offer to pay to get things sorted their way. But I know a bad man when I see one, Violet — a dangerous man. And when the cleverest person I know thinks someone is bad news, I try to listen. So… just keep that in mind, yeah?’
John spent the better part of the next hour bracing himself for Molly’s phone call to tell them that, in fact, she was begging off, that she couldn’t do it, couldn’t bear it, that she’d see them around. An hour later almost on the dot, then, John was more than a little impressed to hear and then see Molly reclimbing the stairs, this time carrying a bulkier, dizzyingly-patterned overnight bag in one hand and a laptop bag in the other.
) and clutching the wire tightly, draped the cloth over it. He then toasted them with the cage (which sent Ovid squawking and springing excitedly), and clumsily left without another word.
‘Bradstreet and Peterson are expecting us,’ Sherlock repeated evenly. With that, he swept out of the room, leaving John blinking across the empty whorl of his bed after him.
‘Promises, promises, John.’
He ignored Harry’s bark of disbelief that he would storm off, ignored the head server who muttered something as he marched past about whether ‘sir needed a taxi?’.
‘No?’ John asked, eyebrows raised. (This single word was too polysemous, too difficult to parse.)
As I kissed him, with the sparks of affection and hunger which he alone excited in me, I allowed inwardly that perhaps he was partly right after all.
‘There’re always two of us,’ John grins, eyes not leaving Sherlock’s, present like the weight of his head on the pillow next to him. ‘Don’t you read the blog?’
, and waited for the barrage of stimuli to pass, ceasing…
With a steady look, Sherlock gazed back. ‘No. Even
‘That’s good!’ Molly mumbled encouragingly — or as encouragingly as one could with a mouth full of curry.
They’d been through the teeth-gritting, embarrassing frustration of the catheter and then the discomfort of having the sponge bath, but John was sure a private toilet visit was climbing high on Sherlock’s unspoken list of desires.
with each other, they still somehow tried to hold each other at arms’ length — but he didn’t want that. He couldn’t stand the thought it, of not being able to gather Sherlock up and just hold him, gangly limbs and surprising heaviness and birthmarks and scars and curls. He didn’t
‘Didn’t Stamford just have his birthday? Are you entirely certain he isn’t taking advantage of your offer to treat his friends?’
John was still standing there, watching him, stranded amidst a sea of tile and sterilised furniture, but some of the warmth in his expression seemed to be receding.
‘I didn’t,’ he admitted candidly. ‘Next to nothing, for ages. And what there is now is really only because I just send cheques off to cover my debts. Plus I haven’t seen an accurate rent statement in about six months, and that’s
you’ve had working on this ought to be sacked.’
Clocked Mary across the temple, only a
‘We’re a couple,’ John burst out, bluntly. His face was nearly twitching with rage. He hadn’t even meant to say anything, to anybody, because he wanted what they had for himself just a bit longer, for a million reasons half-romantic and half-defensive, and yet here he was, gripping Chez Francine’s thick cream tablecloth with enough force to tear it in half, suddenly wanting nothing more than to tell everyone within earshot that Sherlock was absolutely infuriating, surprisingly good at blowjobs, and probably in love with him.
‘In that case, I believe I interrupted you prematurely. Please continue.’
‘You’ve been here the whole time, but,’ Sherlock croaked, eyes transfixed with looking at their entwined limbs, ‘it’s not — it is irrational to feel that —’
The safe territory of deflection allowed them both to breathe normally again.
‘Why don’t you—oh, sodding hell,’ he mutters, as Sherlock disappears into the bathroom and answers only, a second later, with the sound of the taps springing into gear.
John waited for the end to that thought. When none was forthcoming, he allowed himself to breathe a little easier. ‘Our invite get lost in the post?’
Ms. Cheyenne moans and picks up her phone, calling her daughter.
Chloe smirks and pushes in a third finger.
He chuckles softly. 'That is a plus.'
"He accepted me within minutes of meeting me.. He.. He actually wants to be a part of my life.."
'Cause I'm a hopeless wanderer
“Is that a threat or a promise?” Margaret smirks.
He smiles and pets his head.
“Thank you John. For trusting me.” Sherlock says softly. “Why don’t you hand me my phone and I’ll book a flight to Transylvania?” He asks. Moving his hands down to John’s hips, he encircles John with his arms and keeps him close.
Gita goes and hugs Chloe as Chloe's mother comes over to hug him. She's crying nearly hysterically happy and sounds incoherent as she congratulates and thanks him.
"Have I told you yet today how sublimely perfect you are?" Greg fixes himself up.
Sherlock bites his lip to muffle his moans as he comes into him.
Collin smirks and strips Sherlock, kissing him teasingly.
She moans loudly as she feels him fill her.
He kisses the backs of his thighs and strokes his cock between his legs slowly.
Greg nods and stands slowly. “Just let me stay close to you.”
Greg chuckles and stands his ground, hugging his friend tightly. “I’m sorry.” He whispers. “I’m sorry I said mean things to you and Sherlock.”
"Our childhood. When my mother would sing to us and we'd bake sweets together. What about that?"
“As long as you like me more than him we’re fine.” Sherlock smirks.
"Mm.. You'll have to join us sooner next time. You missed all the fun."
"I'd really like it if you went with me. Thank you. It's not a lot of stuff. Barely a suitcase actually."
"I love it when you're so needy." He kisses him hard as he pushes two fingers back into him.
John smiles and kisses his cheek. "Mm.. Good."
Sky whimpers as she’s spanks, pushing her arse back for more as he air is cut off even more. She relaxes into her sub state even more, knowing the more submissive she is the more likely they’ll be to fight over her.
Mycroft groans as he pushes deeper into her, coming and filling her even more.
“Lock her up. Now!” Mycroft snarls.
He smiles a bit. "Why is that?"
She smiles and strips down, getting ready for bed.
Mycroft growls and bites at his neck as he pounds into him.
He blushes and whimpers softly. “Sorry, sir.”
He rocks his fingers, sucking on her clit.
“Yes, sir. Want to take all of you. Please, sir.” He gasps as he feels him sinking deeper.
Mycroft frowns and pulls away. "Gregory.. What's wrong?"
He finishes his drink as he waits, trying to think of a good time to get Carol and Sherlock together.
He smiles and nuzzles him back. "I love you."
Jean hums and rubs his back.
John hums and nods as he listens. “You don’t have to drink it, Sherlock.” He chuckles softly.
“I don’t know. I talked to Greg and he’s not there so maybe his sister? Greg is mad at you too so don’t expect an cases anytime soon.” Molly frowns. “What did you do, Sherlock? You really hurt him this time. Almost as bad as when you..” She tears up, couldn’t finished and say jumped.
“Yes absolutely. I can do that,” John sighs with relief. He shuffles them both so they are lying the right way and he takes the lead, head on a pillow and pulling Sherlock against him protectively. “This feels so weird, getting to be here on your bed like this.” He grins against Sherlock’s curls, looking about in awe. His hand strokes absently at Sherlock’s shoulder and brushes gently against the edge of the scarring on his back.
He whimpers as he stops. "Please!" He begs.
“Not at all. I’m on my way out as well.” Magdala nods.
John looks up at him. "Okay..." He says, not completely sure if Sherlock actually means it.
She whimpers softly and looks up for a kiss.
**Mm. I would love that talented mouth wrapped around my prick.. --MH**
She blushes and whimpers.
He blushes and whimpers softly, his mind starting to slip into submission.
Sherlock and John cuddle Greg.
"Don't you think I've tried?" John mutters.
John nods. "Alright. That's good then. We still have to talk to Greg and Mycroft about it at some point though."
Sky drops to her knees and takes Turk’s cock out, taking it into her mouth and moaning around him. ‘Fuck my face, darling. I’ve missed your cock down my throat.’
He smirks. 'Mm, I'll let you suck me off before we go. But you are not allowed to come. Understand?"
Margaret blushes and giggles in his lap. “I’ve had a long long time to practice.”
John feels a bit better but still not quite himself. He's still quiet and pliant.
“You did so good. So hot and perfect. I love when you come.” Greg grins, groping her breasts.
He smiles softly and opens his arms.
“How is he?” Mycroft asks on one of his visits.
He blushes brighter
She moans, bouncing on his cock.
He moans breathily. "Christ, Sky.."
"God, you feel so good, Cecil.."
Mycroft sighs as she leaves, leaning against the desk. "Christ.."
"Seems like your husband is having fun." James chuckles and looks over to Sherlock who is sitting in a plush chair with Lydia sitting in his lap, squeezing her arse as they kiss.
He moans, opening his mouth obediently.
“Dark.” She moans, getting wetter for him.
He blushes and nods.
Sky smiles softly and kisses him before kissing dark. “Thank you.” She mumbles to both of them.
He smiles and leans against him.
He moans and comes again as he’s filled.
Mycroft nods. "It sounds delightful. Boiled potatoes, mashed, baked? Roasting takes so much time." He smirks.
“If anything happens to Mycroft does that mean you’d die?” He asks quietly, not sure which parts of the myth are true or just that, a myth.
“She does. And she talks about it. About her life before.” Margaret nods before getting out of the car.
He frowns. “Of course not, I made all that up.” He’s still convinced that John is actually straight.
He circles the table to reach her back and carefully takes out the glass.
He groans as he starts to thrust into her.
He kisses him back happily.
He smiles softly.
"I think we're up to 4 years now? Or is it 5?"
Sweet nothing.." She sings as she drives into the city.
He rocks his hips slowly and kisses him deeply.
She arches and comes hard around him.
"Mike.. please, I'm close.."
Sky leans against him, having to stop a few times during contractions.
“Such a loud slut. What if someone hears?”
“Good girl.” Sky smirks and pulls out of her, letting the dildo cum over her belly.
Anthea goes to hug her immediately.
He moans loudly, arching off the bed. "Fuck yes. Use me."
He smiles happily and hums.
"Gladly.." He moans and takes Mycroft into his mouth.
He blushes and nods. “Yes, sir.”
"Oi, don't get all snarky at me after you've been begging me for a case all day." Lestrade said, snarkily.
"You're so adorable." He chuckles.
His eyes slip closed and his lips part slightly feeling Mycroft's lips barely touching his collar bone. "Okay.."
“Oh wow!” Maggie gasps, genuinely surprised. “Thank you all so much for coming!” She smiles, knowing most of them have wanted an excuse to fuck her for ages.
“For the most part.” Pythia smiles. “Our mother was a witch. She made a deal with a pagan god that she’d give him the results of her first pregnancy as payment for powers. She had an orgy with him and a few of his brethren. She got pregnant and got her powers. We were twins. So they raised us together. Part human.” Mrs Hudson says. “And part not human at all.” Pythia hums.
He blushes and moans breathily.
‘I’ll go look for the man.’
He blushes brightly. "I don't know if I can come again for a little while."
“Tell me.”
She hums softly and relaxes against him.
He smiles and goes to him, curling up in his arms.
"Nothing in particular. See anything you like?" He smirks.
“Yes. I rarely have pain now. It also makes me feel less panicked if something brushes against my back.” Sherlock hums, watching John.
He smiles and relaxes against him.
He growls softly. "Here. Now."
He blushes and nods. “Yes, sir.”
Please don't take my sunshine away
Dominic holds her close.
“Mm so handsome.” He smiles as he looks him over.
“You don’t have good experiences with therapy, do you, John?” She asks curiously.
He moans and comes on command.
“Come here.” Greg pats his lap as he sits.
"Oh fuck yes!" He gasps and arches.
'I know you want Jake.' She smiles softly.
"Gregory?" Mycroft enquired as he answered the phone. "Is everything all right?"
"Your whore, Sir.." He gasps out, his cock leaking.
“Thank you.”
John smiles softly and squeezes his hands. “I’m glad it’s better now.”
He smiles and looks up for a kiss.
She gasps softly and mewls needy.
Sherlock nods and sits up as much as he can, wincing. “Thank you..”
He whimpers and whines a bit, rocking his arse.
She whimpers and presses against him as the contractions start.
John's fingers card through his hair and groans as Sherlock's tongue glides against his own.
John brings the toys over and slips the cock ring over Sherlock’s cock. “So pretty.” He kisses Sherlock’s cock.
"I don't know. Last I heard he was headed to Kazakhstan."
“Why are you here?” Greg asks, wiping his eyes.
"Let go. Piss your pants in front of us."
Crystal moans. “Happened... in the past.”
“I’ve got you, love. We’ll help you.” He slips his hand down to rub her cunt. “We’ll make you ours.”
"Find out who he is and where this mans family is. We might make it in time."
“If you would. Please.” She blushes.
“Good boy.” Eli holds Mycroft’a hips, , watching his cock go in and out of Mycroft’s hole.
He kisses him back. “Mm. I can have been a bad boy if you want, sir.”
He deepens the kiss slowly.
"Need something?" Jason purrs.
James smirks and takes his cock out, holding teasingly in front of John's mouth just out of reach.
“Whatever you want.” He nips and bites at his neck.
Sky puts an order in at Angelo's for some pizza to pick up.
"Yes! I love it! I can't get enough of it."
Mycroft reaches down and gathers up some of the come and slick on the bed, then from Anthea as Harry pushes inside. He takes the mixture and smears it over his cock, and over Harry's pussy. She was wet to the touch, but something about using his come felt right. With a feral groan, he pushes inside her.
“Okay, baby.” Cecil reaches for the lube.
Sherlock closed his eyes and tried to suppress the shudders.
"I'm so sorry. I'm so so sorry." Greg sympathizes. "Keep talking to me. What happened next."
"I got hooked... I used my stipend to fund my habit." He bit the inside of his cheek. "When that ran out, I turned to sexual favours, and escort work, and ... Porn."
Cecil moans as he starts to thrust into him, making him fuck the others harder.
Tears come to Greg's eyes at Sherlock's incredibly sweet gesture.
She smiles softly.
“Let’s plug you up and clean you up before relaxing.” Issac kisses his back as he slowly pulls out of him.
She smiles and relaxes against Nico who smiles and rubs her back gently.
Zack smiles and offers his hand. "Pleasure to meet you Mrs. Brix."
“I’ll show you everything. But you should rest right now. Growing so many babies will take a lot of energy.” Sherlock nuzzles Mycroft.
"I've.. Christ.. I've never had this much money.."
Mycroft kisses his neck and chest.
She moans and arches, pressing against him.
"Very good, love." He picks up the lube and lubes his fingers. "I'm going to prepare you for the vibrator now."
He takes a breath and nods.
Jean makes soft pleasure noises, letting James set the pace.
Jean hums as they follow the girls. "Where did the other three go?"
"You could come if you want. I mean as my date that is." She blushes.
you get me pregnant again, it had bloody well only be one. Not
“Probably cause he figures you and Mycroft are a couple. Little does he know I’m your husband.” John chuckles.
He blushes brighter. “If you think that’s enough for now, we can put a cock ring on me, sir.”
He's excited about the opportunity to be in the thick of it again, to be saving lives. He can just imagine the adrenaline of working in trauma again; no more runny noses and physicals. He tucks the number into his pocket before standing up and heading to the room with his next patient. He'll give them a ring after work and see what exactly is involved. Whatever it is will have to allow for him to be there for Rosie.
“Coward.” Sherlock sets his tea mug down when someone knocks in the door. “Whoever shot you was a coward. If you're going to kill someone at least have the decency to look them in the face as you take their life.” He stands and goes to retrieve their takeaway.
"Yes well, not everyone requires shots at half three in the morning, brother mine," Mycroft says as he turns around and heads back to his car, underlings following at his heel.
John takes the beads, feeling the old familiar weight in his hand. “No you don’t have to pray. I’m going to kneel in the spots and pray. You’ve probably seen people pray the Rosary to Mary. But there’s another set of prayers mum taught Harry and I that you use the beads for as well. It’s called The Chaplet Of Divine Mercy. Since the first number is 10 and it’s the station Jesus is being crucified on I think it’s The Chaplet of Divine mercy and not the regular Rosary because the main prayer for The Chaplet Of Divine Mercy. It’s “For the sake of his sorrowful passion, have mercy on us and on the whole world”.” John says and the church lets out a big settling creak at that exact moment as he finishes the prayer. He blinks a bit and looks around. “I’m just gonna take that as a sign we’re in the right track.” He chuckles a bit nervous.
“Your cock is literally all the way inside me and I never want you to stop fucking me. Of course I love you.”
She smirks and licks her lips as she sees him on his knees. "Mm I'm sure if you really want it a thin little piece of lace isn't going to stop you. You're a smart man. I'm sure you'll figure something out." She gasps and moans softly as he rubs her.
“Can I help you with this, love?” He hums softly.
He smiles softly and nods.
Sherlock smiles. “I feel like I could stay here forever.” He says softly. “It’s beautiful here.”
He smiles shyly and nuzzles him.
He lets out a strangled cry as he comes again, hardly anything coming out.
He lets out a small gasp. "Good."
"Only if it's no bother..."
One of the men tries to argue. “She didn’t safeword yet.”
John stills for a moment, looking at the wanton angel beneath him. "Beautiful." He begins to move.
"Of course."
Mycroft keeps teasing him.
"You're welcome, dear. How are you feeling?"
Rose works on it and frowns. “It.. It’s being suppressed.”
‘You really think something like that could take out a vampire as powerful as her?’
Sherlock is still asleep.
She mewls and does as she's told. She fucks herself with her fingers and gets impossibly wetter, dripping onto Michael's mouth.
Sherlock blushes as he sees what's happening, hurrying down to them.
"Of course."
Eli smirks and turn on the vibrating plug.
"I love you."
He kisses his head and falls asleep against him.
“Still going to pump more babies into me?” Sky purrs softly as she relaxes, belly swelling again as she grows the other babies but slower this time.
Sherlock feels a bit foolish now.
He smirks and kisses down John's
Pete whimpers and holds onto him.
Sky cries out and comes hard, squirting as another ball pops past his cervix.
Dark catches it, dropping it to begin eating.
“I think you should come over here.” He licks his lips.
“Put the lid on first.” Margaret nods.
"Why.." he asks again, "Why did he do this to you? And... when you say he touched you," John's heart flutters in fear, "what do you mean."
Sky goes and curls up on top of him.
Mycroft rocks his hips, panting harshly.
"What's that, love?"
Mycroft cries out loudly and pushes back against him.
He rocks against him.
“I know but still. I’m here if you want to talk. You’re my son’s match. You’re my son as well.” Magdala says softly.
He smiles and snuggles closer. He presses his face into Mycroft's neck. "Alright. Let's do it.. Let's raise a child together.." He mumbles into his neck.
He slowly takes his cock into his mouth, looking up at him.
"Mm.. S-seems as through the gauntlet has been thrown at our feet.. S-shall we accept the challenge?" Greg rolls his hips into Mycroft's palm.
He moans breathily as he kisses him back.
He gasps and moans sharply. "Oh, Daddy!"
“I think you can guess.”
He blushes and nuzzles up against him. “I don’t mind.”
"Besides you'll have grand babies to keep you on your toes." She giggles.
"Put the plug in and be a good little bitch."
Mycroft’s muscles relax, his head dropped forward and his body left to hang freely, as he pants heavily.
Once his orgasm finished and he comes down from his high, he pulls out of Morna’s mouth, and letting his limp cock hang in front of her to clean off. “Boys, boys. Stop. Sleep for now. You have a busy day ahead of you being the prized sluts of the kingdom. You too.” He says patting Morna’s cheek as he climbs off her.
Sherlock moans and whimpers. "Greg.."
He frowns deeply and pulls him closer into his arms. "Christ, I'm sorry.. I'm here if you need to talk about it."
He kisses her head again softly.
He smiles softly, rubbing his back soothingly. "Missed my chest as well, huh?" He chuckles softly.
Greg hums softly acknowledging Mycroft. He holds Sherlock and continues to rub his back.
He blushes and moans loudly. "Fuck.. Yes, God yes.."
Jake and Jean groan as they come hard into her, pressing deep.
She marks her and smirks.
"You're so handsome. So gorgeous."
He smiles and hums as they all play.
He blushes and kisses him back. "Damn me for having such a sensitive neck.." He grips Sherlock's hair tightly, tugging on the curls. "Mm.. But you've got your own sensitive places, don't you?"
Greg nods. “But I didn’t upset her did I?” He asks softly. “Will she still want to teach me after I was rude?” He asks softly.
"What do you wanna watch?" She hums as they sit in the sitting room.
Lydia hand Mycroft a cup of ice chips and a spoon. "Feed these to Sherlock. Slowly. And Sherlock let them melt on your tongue." She goes over and pulls the scan up on the computer.
"I've got you." He adds a second finger.
He smiles and kisses her head.
"Such a good girl."
“Mm I do like feeling the back of your throat on the head of my cock.”
“You might want to hold onto something. We’re going to push that cum so far in her it’ll never come out.” Sherlock smirks and grips Mycroft’s hips, setting a punishing pace.
Sherlock scrubs at his face. "It started in University..." He mumbles. "My tuition was paid, and I had a stipend for food and essentials. I was offered drugs at a floor party."
"Only because she loves garlic bread," John says softly under his breath. He's thinking of how he can hide vegetables in the sauce.
Sherlock nuzzles him and smiles.
"It's not my main field but I've had to help Lydia a few times when it's short staffed."
"How was your day?" She asks softly, smiling.
Mycroft Snickers. "Yes, he seems... Very happy with Doctor Watson. We'll see how it plays out."
Maggie nods and leads him over to a different patch of dead grass. “I want you to focus on what being alive feels like. The warmth and beauty and joy. Then say the words as you focus on the patch.”
“Maybe that’s a conversation for when we’re not in front of your parents.” John rubs his hand over his face.
“I like you too. A lot a lot.” He blushes, sounding like a school boy with a crush.
"Yes..." Sherlock replies.
“Some times I can be dominant..” He whimpers and kisses him back.
"It'll be okay. I think."
“Oh hey.” Carol smiles then frowns. “What’s the matter? What’s with the face?”
'Hush.' She blushes brightly.
He moans loudly and arches as he finds the angle to hit his prostate.
He smiles and gets into the car.
He hums softly. "Mm. Time to get up."
“It’s kinda my job, love.” John chuckles. “Are you okay with the twins?” He asks softly.
Sherlock blushes and smiles happily. “Thank you. I’ll see you later.”
Greg is silent for a moment before he chokes out a small sob. He breaks down, clutching the handle to the oven as he cries.
John hums softly. “You two rest, I can handle myself.”
“Just breathe.” She slowly rocks it.
He blushes, a shiver running through him as John holds his hips.
He blushes and mewls.
“Love the way you feel inside me. So big.” She moans breathily as she rides him.
“Yeah?” She blushes a bit and nuzzles him.
Crystal was in charge of the America’s like Mycroft is in charge of the UK. she doesn’t get in touch unless there is news or an emergency.
"Need your cock, sir.. please.." He grinds against his lap.
"Mm if you want it so bad fuck yourself on me. Ride me." He smirks and sits back, stroking himself to tease them both.
It was too easy to see: they were both too stubborn, too similar. He saw across his vision a parade of the same type, the kind of broken couple they encountered in the casework, leaving behind indifferent lovers, secret lives, pools of blood. Fleeting.
They never quite slept, so eventually, when Sherlock rolled, stiffly, face caked (more palpably than visibly, in the darkened room) with his own and John’s tears, John forced himself back to waking, swung his legs around to sitting, then considered the time. Very late. Too late for delivery – anything decent, anyway. Jesus, he was really getting too old for this. Well, in a couple of hours, the earliest street market vendors would begin to claim the High Street; and in the meantime, there was bound to be a food truck or 24-hour express shop somewhere. Years of practice told him they would regret indulging a post-case deep sleep without at least trying to eat something.
(See the end of the chapter for
Stirring slightly, John had frowned into his pillow, but soon sunk back into fretful sleep. Sherlock had laid his hand solidly on John’s hip, feeling himself electrified at such a touch, but had managed to repeat, clearly, ‘
‘Please, Sir James, begin at the beginning and omit nothing.’
John was watching him attentively now, brow drawn down over his face as he listened. The warmth from their still-tangled arms prevented a shiver that threatened to break under his skin.
had he been thinking? Or rather, how had he so catastrophically and categorically allowed himself to
By now, the scars across his lower abdomen and back were an open, undiscussed secret between them — it would have been impossible to keep them hidden without disappointing and/or offending John, who valued (though, or for precisely that reason, held in suspicion) trust and vulnerability, who wanted to know everything he didn’t know already about Sherlock’s 797 day time ‘away’. So Sherlock kept them hidden whenever possible, even from John, even though the damage was in every sense done. But he could at least give this to him, however much uncertainty was mixed with his (incalculable) other responses.
A few more meaningless words had been exchanged between the humans, before, with a brisk tug, the woman had pulled Fred in the other direction.
Sherlock frowned. ‘People in
’ commanded Sherlock furiously, and John couldn’t wait any longer either, pulled his fingers out so fast it provoked in Sherlock a startling cry of shock and the ghost of a pain (which was, of course, at this stage, only identifiable as the absence of pleasure).
The clock gleamed
‘Cos I really want to fuck you.’
Sherlock would wake him in the night to demand to know what all this sudden (really rather astoundingly good) sex ‘meant’, nor had he had really been
Gruener screamed.
— Jane Austen,
Suze was going to turn up and try to get some sliver of revenge, obvious to anyone not
‘They’re
Chapter 12: *John*
fairly ambitious… ‘—Shut it.—But what I’m saying is, I can handle that, whatever you want. God knows I spent the better part of two years thinking I’d never be able to have sex with anyone else ever again…’
‘A dragon for you to slay.’
,’ John repeated exhaustedly, and Sherlock’s focus snapped back to the tense lines of around his mouth. ‘But I don’t want to count on it every time.’
) that would, he imagined, crystallise into a perfect paragraph of abuse he could hurl at Sherlock the moment they were both back at Baker Street. Several times he grunted furiously as he remembered the really spectacular
, assuming that Sherlock would have both wanted to be at and have been shunted to the front of that particular bureaucratic queue.
‘Send me those photos,’ Sherlock instructed bitterly.
‘I saw him approximately fifty-one minutes ago.’
He clenched his hand to crush his frustration into a compact controllable ball. He didn’t want to have this out in a cab, or as he hurried along (he assumed they’d be hurrying, or what Sherlock imagined in his warped, distracted, case-driven mind was a normal pace) down a stuffy posh hotel corridor. No: they would be home,
options) were rapidly narrowing. John, hand still outstretched, palm up in placation, no doubt – indeed the narrowing of his eyes proved – was having the same thought, if along slightly different lines considering he knew of one fewer person that was currently present. But John, reflexes notwithstanding, could hardly prevent Suze from harming Gruener while simultaneously fending off Mary
Before he could stop himself, Sherlock said, though it mattered to no one at all, ‘Ovid is male, John.’
, so he pushed the heel of his hand up along John’s testicles (‘UGH!’) and swallowed nothing while John jerked,
His eyes are closing. He just wants to sleep.
‘Whatever hell I’ve been through, he deserves a lower one,’ she spat. ‘And Porky told me you know about some barmy girl who’s got herself engaged to him? Must be deaf, blind, and off her bloody head. Not that it doesn’t happen to the best of us, as much as the worst.’
There was no reason to feel the sudden swoop of jealousy at watching John’s hand appear in the wing mirror, helping Molly out and away towards the house. Little rational reason for the anger at being told, effectively, to stay away while
‘Ah,’ Sherlock clipped, looking up from his phone, ‘good. Burglary’s already been picked up by the online press, and one of the less worthless constables informs me that the Countess has already phoned to
‘But what about you, dear?’ she asked, peering into his eyes with concern. ‘Won’t you come home and sleep — just for a bit? And I wouldn’t mind staying so you wouldn’t worry. Or Molly could do it! That girl keeps odd hours, I’m sure she could pop by for the night. You look done in. It’s not good for you to sleep in a
,’ he added, as Sherlock’s flippers slid under his own normal ones, ‘feet are freezing, you wanker.’
Clicking shut the violin case, Sherlock suddenly marched across the room, headed — evidently — for the bedroom.
). ‘Because I have lied to you, on
?!’ blurted out someone he had not met (early thirties; loud, already on his third pint, much too into football, unfaithful to his girlfriend — who was conspicuously absent —, and otherwise all-around cocky), one person over on John’s other side, sandwiched between a woman (a nurse from Barts) and an even younger man (a technician, also at Barts). ‘What, from Baker Street, you mean?’
The man with whom John had been speaking backed up a step, and taking one last sip of his pint, added the empty glass to the accruing stockpile of foam-streaked vessels waiting for collection. (It might be interesting, actually, to discover the effects of alcohol on sweat and the breakdown of both/either on fingerprints…)
‘What do you want?’ he demanded quietly, but not – John noted – fearfully. Then again, if Sherlock’s details on the drug den Mr Ramani was apparently running from the basement were accurate, Sanjay Ramani had seen far worse than a consulting detective and his (armed) GP.
Outside the station in the muggy, overcast morning light (he supposed they were in for another storm), he stopped beside Sherlock on the pavement. ‘What are we going to do now?’ he asked him.
‘How fortunate, then, that you are still with us to lead by example.’
(Sherlock is wordy.)
, the difference on his fingers (or mouth, or eyelashes) of the pungent dripping mess that could coat your hand
‘Audio surveillance equipment.’
Sherlock was watching him warily. John’s skin itched; he felt more naked now than he had in the shower under the glaring bathroom light. After a moment, he moved round to the far side of the bed, picking up his comb and sitting on the edge of the mattress. Sherlock chomped his sandwich in silence behind him. John tried to reconcile the immediate strangeness that had crept into the room with him and his barely contained giddiness that Sherlock had invited himself into John’s bed.
‘I’m not interested,’ John cut across. Sherlock was, he could admit to himself at any rate, mildly surprised. ‘Do I need to be worried about her coming to kill either one of us any time soon?’
’ he added for emphasis, as Sherlock let John’s penis slip almost completely out of his mouth before swallowing him down again.
hours, if you counted the interval and travel, which he absolutely did. He also resented slightly that he had liked the concert (haughty audience aside) and, though he refused to admit it to Sherlock, it probably was better to spend £40 on taxis and a whisky at the orchestra rather than on successively sloshed pints and darts wagers with the football crowd of a Friday evening. At least once in a while.
John resisted for a moment, because it would be easy to pretend — for now, or forever, even — that he’d been winding Sherlock up. The whole reason John refused to speak to reporters, didn’t discuss Sherlock and him with his mates, bristled and, all right, lashed out a bit when people
in the corner of her mouth, despite (because of?) the sudden increase in people-to-gun ratio in the room. A woman who had been in John’s life (in his bed), who had come so close to standing beside him in another church to make such different pronouncements (promises indeed) – every resemblance to that dangerous figure, and none.
he tried again,
, from a high-functioning sociopath, then thirteen months and 4,600 miles from the one person who might reject that epithet.
John resisted the urge to kick him. ‘And so, what's the plan? Because rushing in when you have no idea where he keeps his records or, for that matter,
waiter (or the Scotswoman yesterday, Christ, what was wrong with him) like he was some randy bugger, no better than the paedo Austrian bastard he was scheduled to be spying on in only a few hours’ time.
John didn’t bother to ask how Damery knew his title, merely returned a polite, assured, ‘Afternoon,’ as he also shook his hand. (Sherlock wondered if Damery had chosen ‘Doctor’ over ‘Captain’ for any specific reason, or if he had been tipped off by Mycroft.)
Years or aeons later, Sherlock hummed softly, ‘John,’ and then, when this had no effect, tugged faintly at him, his voice thrumming in the cords of his neck, ‘John, stop.’ Instantly John withdrew his teeth and tongue but didn’t, he wasn’t sure he physically
but didn’t look up. It was nearly half-eight — definitely time for Sherlock to be needing some painkillers.
led to the infamous pieces of legistlation to which the even more infamous Labouchere Amendment was added -- this, aka 'the blackmailer's charter', was to become the legal grounds of 'gross indecency' on which Oscar Wilde was convicted in 1895. And thus the 'great slamming shut of the closet door' (to which Watson, maaaaaaaaaybe is referring in the honest-to-god ACD canon story 'The Adventures of the Three Students' (pub. 1904), when he
John took the kit without words, opened to find water, cream, gauze. ‘This is going to hurt.’
‘Right:
Paris?’ he asked instead, which was ludicrous as that was indeed the Eiffel Tower’s foot glimpsed in the corner of the shot.
understand so little? It wasn’t for
‘Fantastic. Because I would quite like to have sex with you later, if you fancy it.’
She rolled her eyes again, and for an instant he caught a glimpse of a spoiled child who had never been told ‘no’.
He didn’t wake completely, even when a shot of lightning broke the purple-orange city sky. After a moment, though, he looked dozily at Sherlock, who had mashed himself into the bed in angles that seemed impossibly uncomfortable. His hair really needing cutting – the thick mussed dark curtain of Sherlock’s fringe was nearly long enough to cover his eyes. (He almost expected, with the comic book surrealism of being not-quite-awake, for Sherlock’s next exhale to lift a few strands of curls in a shivering gust before they fell back onto his face.) His chin was tucked tightly, gracelessly, into his neck, his mouth open slightly, while the swell of his shoulder gave way to the gradual ebb and flow of his breathing. Lightning flashed; Sherlock inhaled. John found himself counting the long slow seconds until the thunder, watching Sherlock’s chest fall as the house shook and his nose rattled. The same basic animal fear, that the thunder would shatter the windowpanes, that Sherlock wouldn’t exhale, met the same exhilarating rush of pure loving gratitude when the windows didn’t shatter and Sherlock did breathe, the feeling that, contrary to all disastrous possibilities, they were somehow continuing to survive.
Watson stubbornness, damning them all to fates they made for themselves.
—From ‘Song. Love Me A Little’ in
* * *
‘Where and
Just at that moment, thankfully, Sherlock re-joined the world of the waking, and the glaring question on Molly’s face subsided, like so many things, in the whirlwind of Sherlock’s presence.
saw this chapter are entirely my own fault -- and do let me know so I can fix them.
‘Suze,’ John said, and Sherlock wished he could see him, but he was nearing the front of the hall now, ‘Suze, he is going to go to trial, I promise you. He is not going to hurt anyone anymore.’
With an eye-roll of profound impatience, Sherlock waved his hands in the air, ‘I heard every massacred ‘d’ and ’t’ that died on her tongue —’
?’ John revelled, face now breaking into all the lines and creases of its topography in the smile the spread across his entire face, beautiful in its earnestness, in its
Clutching the gemstone tightly to her chest, the Countess stood momentarily and went to the sideboard below the window. Illuminated by the evening glow, she unlocked a drawer, placed the gemstone carefully inside, then secured it again, before returning to sit opposite him once more.
A few references here to Sherlock's prior relationships, from the timeline of this story -- and now canon-noncompliant (post-series 4). It's not much so if you haven't read the previous two parts of this series, you should be fine, but if it doesn't make sense, that may be why. [I hope that's why.]
finished admiring your own reflection, brother mine, you allegedly have a “case on.”’
For all the obvious ways John could have rent this flimsy second-hand account apart (including with his literal fist (
Sherlock froze for a full second by the window, then sat (
This, coupled with Suze’s information (and something, some stray fibre of relevant data that had lodged itself in his subconscious but had not quite surpassed the threshold to full awareness — i.e., an intuition), convinced him that they should waste no more time. So he’d played until the sun had descended beneath the earth (or something), thinking…
‘Me too,’ she nodded.
‘Charming,’ John noted dryly, staring as Sherlock’s now-orange dyed fingers emerged wetly from his mouth.
, even the unknown Henry Baker and the falsely accused John Horner, whose spectre seemed to loom at the corners of Sherlock’s consciousness repeating, ‘Innocent, innocent,
‘Hiya, Harry,’ he came forward, leaning to kiss her offered cheek when she decided to drum her bright black nails on the thick white tablecloth rather than get up to hug him. ‘Sorry I’m late.’
Molly, and himself. He’d resisted the idea that they were at all similar for so long, uncomfortable and — if he was honest now — afraid of what such a comparison would ultimately say about him. But maybe the reason they were here, at 6:22 on a blue-and-grey Sunday morning with the lights off, eating breakfast without clinking their cutlery to avoid waking anyone in earshot, was something strangely unique to themselves. For longer than he’d known her, Molly had… the only word for it was
, a part of who you are! Sure, why not pick and choose! Easier to get by if you’re only gay when you’re so far in the closet you’re in bloody
When Sherlock had entered the room, Mycroft had met their guest with a handshake, but now Sir James’s hands were tucked, with (his pockets and rear coat flaps attested) a lifetime’s habit of placing them promptly out of the way. He stood to attention, but his posture was relaxed, even elegant. More to the point, the fact that Mycroft, who usually radiated coolness, had stood board-straight when Damery entered and then had immediately excused himself and
. Nevertheless I confess to you, I,’ (Damery’s brow knitted, and he looked as though (had he been a man less in control of himself) he would have wrung his hands) ‘I fear our impending crisis is not to be prevented. In three weeks, a young woman’s future —‘
This was perfectly true – John, though awkward in terms of fluency, had a fairly passable memory from his school-age German classes.
Thick-lidded and disorientated, he woke in the middle of the night to trembling windows and the muted hiss of incessant rain outside.
Out of bed for under half an hour and John already felt six steps behind. Not the most promising start to his day.
kitchen, their plates, their chairs, their hands, their hours, their work, their flat,
, as an affluent woman, who is accustomed to getting what she wants – in this case, a rare form of anatomically-correct pornographic art. He needs to believe you are worth his time, but he will be more inclined to show-off for you – which is, I must stress
There was then a companionable silence, a pause of mutual agreement; that we were both silly men, that we ought to put off more reading and instead partake of a mild afternoon with no cases, no patients, no black moods to attend to. At last Holmes set his pipe on the resting dish on the table before us.
‘Goodnight, John.’
‘Sherlock,’ he heard himself begin. ‘I think…’ He looked up, and saw Sherlock several yards ahead already flagging a taxi.
, but he’d already had one more. Several more. Eventually they were going to run out.)
He really didn’t give a shit whether Mycroft’s scanning gaze attributed his tone to his night’s lack-of-sleep and the kink in his neck and bags under his eyes, or to the fact that he hadn’t properly heard Sherlock’s voice utter more than a muffled groan in going on thirty-six hours, which was the longest stretch since the period when he was never going to hear Sherlock’s voice in person ever again, or to the dust-up with his sister, or to the gnawing fear in his gut that said he couldn’t live like this, under
‘What on earth are you talking about?’ I demanded.
, wanted to abolish it from any mouth except his own.
John instantly came there, setting the pitcher down on his chair (he would likely sit on it later and then be annoyed with himself for forgetting) as he strode briskly forward, smile warping his face into a mash of emotions that was nearly ugly but was so, so dear that Sherlock wondered if people spoke of having their hearts broken with joy. Mind flooding with relief, his arms (pain be damned) tilted up to take hold of John’s elbows — they hadn’t kissed, hadn’t embraced, had barely
(See the end of the chapter for
Mycroft chuckles softly. "Wasn't my doing." He murmured. "My prying assistant is ... Thorough."
"Mm you like it." He smiles and kisses him.
“Mm. No idea who they belong to.” He grins.
“Mm stretch yourself good for me. You know I can’t help myself when I’m balls deep inside you.”
John laughs. Sherlock’s phone on the bed side table starts to vibrate.
He chuckles and swims over to her. ‘I know you’d rather have me like this.’
He smiles. "We should join the others."
He smiles. “I always liked the reptile room.”
"You were just trying to make me feel better. You wanted to help me. I just some issues with myself that I struggle with but I never ever ever want you to feel like I'm pushing you away. I just needed to think and straighten out my own mind.."
‘Stacy..’ He mumbles quietly, shaking his head.
"Mm. Please." He smiles.
He nods and hands him the key. “Whatever you want.” He smiles and nods, dropping the towel.
“Perfect.” Greg nods. “Do you want to shower first or straight to bed?”
John's fingers dip between Sherlock's arse cheeks, then back down his thighs before John is turning them so his back is pressed against the wall and Sherlock standing under the water.
John pulls back and grins. "You are so fucking gorgeous." He twists his hips slightly.
"That's right. My good boy. Mine.." He fucks him harder rubbing against his prostate and strokes his cock between them.
'Daddy..' She whimpers.
"R-Really? Over furniture?" Sherlock smiles softly, feeling a bit better.
"Love?" John nuzzles him and pulls him closer.
“Please, Dark. Please fuck me. I need it. Need it so badly.” Sky whimpers, still riding Michael as she begs for more cock.
"Nothing just..." she titters, "he brought you chocolate. You can't tell me you didn't notice how flushed he was. If ever there was a time to bond, well, it would be soon. Sherlock. He'll be needing it. And, well, you tolerate him, as much as you do anyone else. More so even."
He blushes, his cock still leaking against him.
Jake blushes and smiles, still hard from when Benny was stroking him.
Peter smiles shyly, holding out his hand for them to shake. “Nice to meet you.”
"We'll find her. I promise. And when I do she's so fucking grounded." Mycroft growls.
“That was after our first case.”
“All yours, sir.”
“Myc. I need your help. Please.”
John drags blunt nails over Sherlock's thighs, backside, and up his back.
Mycroft blushes and smiles shyly.
She wraps her legs around his waist and sinks down onto his cock. She arches and moans as she holds onto him.
"It is. It really fucking is."
"Seriously? That's brilliant!" He smiles brightly.
Michael bites his lip as he watches.
“Mm where do you want it?” John hums as he kisses Sherlock’s shoulders behind him.
He smiles and holds him close, having missed him being in arms length.
"Christmas is coming up. Do you have any plans?"
“Come on!” Michael grins and leads them out. Sky disappears quickly.
He giggles softly and nuzzles him.
“Please.” Sky mewls.
"Happy?"
‘Whatever you want. Whatever will be easier for you two.’
“Mm slut.” He chuckles and kisses him.
He washes and rinses John several times until John’s skin starts to turn pink from scrubbing. He swallows down the anger at himself for allowing John and his pups to be put in harm's way. He was going to kill Jim, rip Jim’s throat out with his own teeth. “I’m sorry, John. I’m so sorry. This whole mess will be over soon. I promise.”
"Please let me suck you first. Just a little. Please." Violet begs and licks her lips.
Collin is laughing and crying as he cuts onions.
He cuddles up to him.
“I liked it. A lot. I like being pregnant.” She blushes brightly and smiles happily.
He whimpers and kisses him back. "Please.. I want to feel you.."
Duke smiles as he watches them.
He kisses his head softly and holds him close.
He blushes and kisses him back.
"Brilliant." She smiles and hands him his coffee.
“We don’t have to do penetrative sex tonight. There are plenty of different options. You could even fuck me if you wanted to.” Greg chuckles softly.
“Hey, you’re up..”
John gets up from the chair. Placing a hand on his head, fingers buried in his hair, he begins pacing.
Chloe smiles brightly. "Look at you!"
He smiles and kisses him. "Thank you for running with me. It was lovely."
She nods and smiles.
John returns to his mouth. "Sherlock.”
He blushes at the praise.
He whimpers and nods. "Yes, sir.. Makes me so horny.."
He blushes and cries out as he comes hard.
Mycroft hums and stretches up to kiss him once naked.
He hums and plugs him up with a vibrating plug. “There you go baby.”
Jean hums softly as he sits on the couch.
"Betas?" John and Mycroft both say, turning to look at the lanky detective who was currently in the process of leaning forward to rub his face on John's stomach.
Crystal looks through the drawers and cabinets, picking out some things.
I love you just the same as I did the day
Mycroft nods, “you’ll get better. Stronger.” He says softly. “You always were strong Sherlock. Even before I turned you.” He says softly. “When you were dying, everything else was telling me their sob stories, you were asking about mine.” He whispers. “Can you remember?”
"You think I came here without dismantling your big Brother's precious bugs?" Jim giggled, madly. "Oh, Sherlock, you silly goose." The term was almost... Affectionate. "Now. Do as your *told*." That dark look in his face again.
Mycroft smirks. “Go ahead, Chris. She’s ready for you.”
"I'll take your arse and let Michael take your cunt."
“That’s right.” He smirks and fucks him faster.
Sherlock hums and smiles. Greg hangs up after talking to Donovan.
John smirks and licks his lips.
He pulls him closer and sucks on his tongue. “You’re not going to break me.” He mumbles, nipping at his lip gently.
He frowns. “I thought so..”
John smiles softly. “You’re so cute.”
"I love you."
He smiles shyly as he turns around again.
“Love Daddy.. so much..” He mewls against him, rocking his hips.
He hums and kisses him back happily.
He relaxes his throat for him and moans around him, his cock leaking.
Both of John's parents hold him close for a long while. When John's hips become too sore from sitting his dad helps him up the stairs while his mum helps get him into the bed that smelled like his mate.
He strokes him faster as he fucks him with his tongue faster.
“You as well, cadet.”
"Mm lead the way." John smirks a bit and Greg blushes.
John frowns. "I.. Excuse me?"
He blushes and nods, moving onto his hands and knees.
“You make me feel so good.”
Violet blushes brightly and cuddles into him, still completely naked.
He whines a bit. “Want Daddy’s cock.”
She gasps and moans breathily. "Please. Use me. I'm yours."
She looks at her and smirks back. "I'd love to find out."
John frowns. “Is it Greg?” He asks.
He moans breathily. "Thank you.."
John watches Sherlock, and smiles softly, he hums, happy to see Sherlock like this.
"Do you want some tea, Mikey?" John hums.
He nuzzles him.
Sherlock blushes brightly and mewls.
He nuzzles him as the car stops.
“Why do you think that is?”
"Mm well I wouldn't mind taking turns fucking each other until you figure it out."
He hums. "Probably.."
“I’ll tell her about me, but you need to explain what is going on with your emotions. I don’t think I can explain it well enough.” Mycroft frowns.
He hums and looks up at him. "Sorry.. They're just so perfect.." He smirks and continues to kiss down his body, nosing at Sherlock's cock.
“O- Okay.” Mycroft blushes. “Forgive me, Sire. She could always have a human child, Sire. Like I did, adopt someone.” He says softly.
'We would make great use of you here, Sherlock." Mycroft smirks. "How is John?"
"Yes, please!"
"Am not.." He nips at his collarbone and rubs his thumb over his nipple.
“Oh my god..” He groans, letting his eyes closed.
“Was there a triggering event that made you feel like you needed to take your daughter and flee?” Dr. Monroe asks. “Did something happen that made you fear for you or your daughter’s safety?”
Mycroft blushes. “I think I can deal with the weight. Would it change anything else of me? My err libido?” He asks.
He smiles and nuzzles against him.
He nods. "I'm sorry I caused such a mess.."
He turns to Magdala and frowns, “you know what your family is right? Vampire protectors. Even since the Watson that Camille fell in love with.” He explains. “You can stay for as long as it takes to teach John how to control his magic and how to succeed you in being the vampires’ protector.” He explains as he looks over John’s shoulder to Magdala.
John’s body relaxes and his mind slips from his body, only seeing patterns and hears a soft white noise.
Sky shakes her head. “I think that’s all for now.”
“Oh he does.” Irene nods.
“You’re going to be a daddy.” He laughs and stands, pulling Sherlock close and kissing him deeply.
"Okay." She smiles and blushes.
“Seems so,” John smiles down at her, still perfectly happy on his chest.
“I should have know something was wrong. I didn’t make the estate safe enough. I failed.” Sky frowns.
“Perfect cocksucker.” He groans and fucks his mouth.
"Takes all the pressure off performing." John agrees, "are you going to see them again?"
He leans down and kisses Sherlock again and then stands. He gasps softly as he starts to piss on Sherlock.
“Alright then.” He smirks and holds him tighter, snapping his hips as he fucks him rougher.
"Brilliant!" She smiles.
“Like that plan? Or do you need a bit more now before then?”
He frowns. "John.." he sounds a bit broken.
He cries out and comes hard.
Morna sits up slightly and cuddles Sherlock and Mycroft close. “Don’t let him in. He’s... John, my babies. Where are they?” She asks.
She smiles and nuzzles him. “It’s your fault, ya know.”
Jean smirks. "Mm, I'll have a go."
He pulls her hair, growling a bit.
“I know what you said.” John nods. “But I will not be looked at like a worthless omega because my alpha looks nearly starved.”
He whimpers and moans.
"He's probably too nervous to."
He smirks and fucks him hard through his orgasm before coming hard into him, filling him with his cum.
She sinks down into his cock.
John comes out of the bedroom a short time later, dressed in a new pair of trousers and button up shirt. He's got his IDs for work already hanging around his neck as he checks to make sure he has everything. "All set? Got your backpack?" He asks Rosie.
‘These women are brilliant..’ Dark mumbles, relaxing.
He nods and takes her hand. "Thank you."
He smiles and kisses her back. "I think I can get you lot tickets for the front." He hums softly. "I'm not sure."
He puts his hand on Michael's arse, nudging the plug. "Order what you want, babe."
He blushes and smiles.
She cries out and comes hard, squirting over her hand.
"You're all plugged up and ready to go, aren't you?" He smirks as he feels the plug through his jeans.
He blushes and smiles.
"And that's...fun?"
“Good. Would you have liked anything done differently?” John gently rubs his scalp.
He frowns deeply. "I.. I don't know."
"Good boy. Again." He nods.
He nudges at his hole and kisses him deeply.
He smiles down at him before leaning in to kiss him.
Greg cries out as he comes down Sherlock's throat.
He cuddles him, rubbing his back gently.
Sherlock frowns and shakes his head. "Why?"
[Someone needs to invest in velcro instead of buttons, then you wouldn't have to repair it so often.]
Sherlock turns his head to kiss John.
He smirks and kisses his forehead. "Oh, did you think I'd let you come?"
“That’s right. Just feel.” Darius kisses Dark’s neck and jaw as he moves with him. He strokes them with one hand over Sky’s belly and rubs her clit with the other.
He smirks and kisses him deeply again before sinking to his knees.
"Of course, baby.." He put a piece of chocolate between his lips and leans into Sherlock like before.
He smiles and hums. "Mm. Yeah. Let's go."
He blushes and opens his mouth for him.
He blushes and smiles softly.
“We’ll make it.” He repeats, sounding more confident.
John beams and opens his arms for her. “Lydia.” He calls.
“I’m sorry.” Magdala frowns.
"Yes!" He moans loudly and arches.
He smiles and moves to start massaging his shoulder.
He slides his tongue into her mouth hesitantly, wanting her to be comfortable with this.
"These." Sky blushes and holds up a pair of sparkly black heels made just for him that go perfectly with his booty shorts.
“Mm good.” He chuckles.
He blushes. "Sorry it's a bit messy."
“Oh yes.” Morna moans and arches, rocking her hips. “Love the stretch.”
“Cool.” Greg says not interested. “I want to leave. I don’t feel safe.” He states.
“Mm, that sounds like a brilliant idea.”
He holds her close, falling asleep with her.
"'M its fine." Sky shakes her head. "I can't believe you. I just.. I can't fucking believe you." Lilith snaps.
“Mm I know you do, baby.” He smirks as he sees the other people watching them. “You always out on such a nice show.”
He whimpers and nods, clenching around the plug.
“You’re going to have to do better than that. Go home, think about what you’ve done. Realise that most don’t get a lifeline like I’m giving you. So take it and run. Sherlock, John, take Greg home.” Camille orders, “I need to speak with Mycroft and Anthea.”
Violet mewls and tips her head to give him more room.
Michael smiles and kisses him back happily.
“Ah I see. What did she tell you when she asked you to come here?” Sky smirks.
She giggles and smiles.
They thrust faster.
Charlie smiles softly, running his fingers through George's hair.
"You're getting hard from the thought, aren't you?" He smirks.
Jared barely notices, getting lost in the pretty Christmas lights outside.
“That’s never stopped me from helping anyone before.” Crystal shrugs.
He blushes brighter and chews his lip.
'If you want to. I could use a cuddle...'
He mewls and climbs into Darius’ lap.
He noses against her neck, humming.
He thrusts harder into her.
"We've barely started again and you're already so needy." He licks his lips. "Cover your cock with the hat, sexy."
He switches between their cocks, taking them deeper each time and moaning around them.
“I have an idea but I need more data first. The Alphas had surrounded that woman because they smelled her heat. Someone took them out. The interesting part is the scent gland removal.” Sherlock hums, eyes closed.
He blushes a bit and licks his lips.
He blushes and whimpers breathily.
Sky moans and whimpers as her arse turns darker shades of red, fat drops of her juices dripping out of her pussy.
“One minute I’m happy, and the next I’m sad. I’m constantly starving, but I don’t want to eat anything. And I want you to fuck me, but I’m way too hot to be touched. And I’m going to be huge. I know it. I can feel it. I’m already bigger now than I was with Percy. And what if you don’t like it when I’m big? What if you don’t think I’m attractive anymore. What if you go out and find a different omega. Or a woman. And I’m left here again all by myself with pups to take care of.” Sherlock rambled on. “What if this doesn’t take? What if something happens and I lose them? I shouldn’t have told Percy. Not yet. Maybe not until it’s born.”
