“Cassie, it’s your turn,” Balthazar said as he straightened his coat.
Dean let his eyes close for a long moment, content to let the bone-deep exhaustion wash over him again. He felt his mind begin to drift backwards into sleep. Dean briefly wondered how Sam knew spread their ashes before his eyes shot open.
Sam looked up at Dean’s sudden statement. When Dean failed to comment further, Sam nodded and sat back in his chair. They sat there for a while before the nurse came to escort Dean back to his room. Dean knew like he knew before they had made the trip. Cas was still here and he was fighting.
Anytime Sam mentioned his guilt from not visiting the farmhouse when they had first moved out, Dean would plan a visit for the bunker instead. Dean was always saying it was much easier for the retired hunter and former angel to visit them than it was for Sam to hand-over his responsibilities at the bunker. He drone on and on saying both of them missed their friends and they enjoyed catching up with everybody in person. Plus, Dean always mentioned how much he loved road trips, even ones as brief as the two-hour drive to the bunker. Dean, Cas, and Jack came for at least a few days almost monthly after moving out.
“Hey Dean, what brings you in today?”
He didn’t want to hold Jack. He hadn’t held Jack a single time since the day he was born. That was something he made sure to try to avoid at all costs. It blew his mind that he seemed to be the only person in the bunker to remember that this was Lucifer’s son who had nearly gotten them all killed simply by existing. Mary, Sam, and Cas all doted and fawned over the kid but Dean didn’t want to be in the same room as Jack. Yet, here he was cradling Rosemary’s baby.
He found the card and handed it over to Brandon. Chad turned and appraised Dean for the first time. His eyes lingered in various spots including below the belt and gauged him in newfound interest. He smirked a cocky grin at Dean that looked dangerously like flirting.
Dean thought.
“You mean you didn’t talk to me about possibly moving before making the decision because you thought I was gonna stay at the bunker no matter what?” Dean asked accusingly.
Dean watched the Cas trace the jagged cut. He winced again over a tender spot before readjusting the torn t-shirt back. Cas glanced down as he layered the shirt. Dean saw his eyes catch on the burn and quickly look away. His eyes drifted to the space around them. He looked at the plants and tried to peer over the grass for the stream they could hear.
When Eileen arrived at the bunker a few days later, a hesitant knock echoed throughout the room, Dean watched Sam’s hands trembled as he climbed the steps and reached to open the door. Sam had started his vigil by the staircase that morning and throughout the day, Dean, Cas, Jack, Mary had joined him as the clock ticked down the minutes to Eileen’s arrival.
“She have a PhD?”
“Does Jack sleep in his own room or does he sleep in the same room as both of you?”
“Like Hell you will. Your stubborn enough to run your ass into the ground and then what?”
“He’s in another room.”
“Those are yours. If you hand me Jack, I can finish feeding him.”
Two rigid circular pads braced either side of his knee to lock it in place. The pads also would adhere to the wrap he would have to put on his knee. The knee was weakest point of his leg and thus needed the most support because it had taken the full force when Dean landed after being thrown by the explosion. The femur would benefit from the brace too as it took some of the pressure off the bone and onto the brace. It also stopped it from shifting too much.
Dean focused on Jack who was still sleeping in his arms. Rowena’s hands were raised in the air and a small wisp of white grace poked out of Jack’s mouth. Rowena said the final line again and motioned with her hands and the grace edged further from his mouth. Rowena began to lure the grace into a large vial on a chain. With a final tug, Jack’s grace was completely free. The room shook violently for a brief moment and Dean watched as every single protective ward and sigil washed away. Instead of focusing on the lack of protection, Dean turned his attention to Jack.
“Don’t you want Jack to take the game seriously?”
Dean thought when Cas looked confused and on edge. The step Cas had taken towards Dean was now taken back as Cas put distance between them.
“Did you mean…we?”
At the hospital, a paramedic explained that Cas had been hit by foul ball when he hadn’t been paying attention. They were worried Cas would have a concussion or worse so they brought him to the emergency room when he got knocked out. Ketch had been grossed out by whole ordeal and left an unconscious Cas to the paramedics.
“Sam said what now?” Dean asked puzzled. Sam knew he had taken Cas house shopping the one time but the way Mary was talking made it sound like…
Most of the time however, Brandon was helpful. He gave Dean lots of free insight and tricks to help with their home improvement projects. He was sincerely interested in hearing about renovations, and they even talked about kid rearing a time or two. His youngest son Clayton was only a year older than Jack. Recently, Brandon encouraged Dean and Cas to considered signing Jack up for their preschool play group thing that Natalie and Matt from the farmer’s market also had their youngest in.
The drive was peaceful despite the early winter chill that hung in the air. The house was on the outskirts of a quaint little Middle-America town. The further Cas drove, the more Dean’s stomach twisted in anticipation. The town was cute and charming. There was a downtown area filled with bricked store fronts and restaurants that segued into a more modern part of town with well-known grocery stores and shopping centers before being surrounded by houses. They drove out and away from the town to reach the house.
He recognized three of the four instantly. The fourth was a petite dirty-blonde who saw Castiel and smiled before shifting into a slight frown as she studied him next to Dean. She looked a little confused by what she saw and turned her head questioningly to the angel next to her. Dean had seen every vessel but there were so many of them he struggled to recall the name of this one.
were Dean’s only thoughts as he was thrown across the clearing like a fly being swatted by a tornado. He flew to the other side of the clearing before landing with a loud snap, unimaginable shooting pain, and blacking out. Dean awoke with a ringing in his ears, heart racing, and tried to take stock of the clearing immediately.
Instead of responding, the Impala sped up to pass a minivan and tractor trailer with a press to the accelerator. Sam grew more suspicious as Dean changed back to the right lane and glanced over his shoulder to see if Cas followed him.
“You’re not taking your pain meds and you’ve stopped doing your physical therapy.”
A few more hours were spent letting Jack get down and dirty with the animals. When they finally left the barn, there was a large petting zoo with more goats, sheep, and friendly cows moving from kid to kid. The owners had bag full of feed available for purchase to entice the already overweight livestock. Dean bought them each a bag so they could feed whatever they wanted. Jack giggled in delight as one of the cows slimed his hand and then the side of his face. It didn’t take long for Jack to be begging for a pet cow and the contrast in Cas’s and Dean’s face about that idea was enough to send Sam laughing.
“What?” Cas asked as he looked up sharply from staring at Dean.
“That’s easy enough.”
“I don’t know, Dean. It seems like you’re going to be doing a lot trying to live two lives. I don’t know if that’s the best idea. I mean the workload alone and having to fix the house.”
Dean called out when he had made it up a few steps, “Thanks for coming back to us… I mean Jack. Thanks for coming back for Jack.”
Dean’s eyes shot open and he looked up to meet Cas’s. Cas was alive and looking at him like he saw directly into his soul. The familiarity of the stare was comforting. Still as blue as he remembered too. His voice was rough and lower than normal from lack of use but it was still Cas’s.
Sam spent a brief moment checking out Jack’s toy bin before moving to the bookshelf. Besides the not-missing-bet book, the bookshelf underneath the TV was crammed full of inconspicuous, normal stuff from Cas, Dean, and Jack. DVDs were of the family variety with the exception of Die Hard and Legally Blonde. The record player sitting on top of the bookshelf had an old James Brown record still sitting waiting to be played.
“Not much to be honest. I remember calling out to the angels. I remember Billie telling us she was going to reap us. I remember looking at you. You looked scared. Then, nothing.”
With a step forward, Sam was gone. Dean waited by the rift for a few hours and watched it shrink until it closed completely. Left in the library, Dean was truly alone in his thoughts. He had already spent hours watching nothing happen but now there was no going back.
The next day Dean woke up and made a conscious effort to do better in regards to Jack and Cas. If Cas saw him trying, then he wouldn’t try to leave again Dean tried to reason. Sam had told Dean long after Cas’s bags had been returned to their proper place the night before that he needed to figure out how to be around Jack not just for Cas but for all of their sakes. Mary told him (gently) to grow up. Neither of them knew that Dean had overheard Sam and Cas’s conversation last night.
Sam cut off the thought.
The other thing Dean found he was doing, though not nearly as intentional as not letting Jack go, he was following Cas around the bunker the entire day. Whatever room Cas was in, Dean was in. Unlike most of their time before, Dean was the one struggling with personal space which shrank over the course of the day. Now, as the minutes of the of the last few hours ticked by with quickly, mere inches separated them now. Cas didn’t seem to mind and Dean wasn’t going to draw attention to it.
Sam thought. Maybe there was something up with his brother.
Please feel free to leave kudos or comments!
“You need rest-“
It wasn’t until they saw the house when they had to move him into a nursing home that they realized how much damage had been done after years of neglect. The beloved house had fallen apart. It got quiet not long after that. The youngest got teary eyed as he made his way out the door and Dean felt the urge to hug him. Now, he felt like he had to fix the house up not only for Cas and Jack but for return of happy memories. The kids kept glancing back at the house until they disappeared down the gravel driveway.
“Yeah sure, I can totally buy you dinner. Wait not tonight. I kinda agreed to this thing with Sam... So raincheck maybe?”
Yep, Dean’s brain is well and truly fried.
“That is a better and more effective control method than better than regular pepper spray,” Cas said unperturbed. He closed the door and turned fully to Mackenzie who didn’t lower the bear spray. It was awkward for a moment.
Mary and Eileen both insisted they go. Two of the toughest women Dean knew would be needed during this expedition. Eileen explicitly stated she would not sit back when people were in danger this time no matter how much Sam wanted to protect her. Sam and Eileen signed rapidly during their argument but when Eileen flashed a triumphant smile, Dean knew she had won. Sam really had met his match.
Glancing out to their large front porch now that Jack had been tucked into bed, Dean was greeted with Cas in just his yellow sweater and jeans watching the sun set. The sky was a beautiful blanket or purples, pinks, and oranges. The budding maple that dominated the front yard even seemed livelier from the gorgeous day after such a thorough rain. Despite this, evenings still cooled off rapidly and the cold was setting in fast. Dean put on his jacket, slipped on some shoes, and stepped out onto their front porch.
“Um- You know that book you let me borrow?”
“I’m better now, Old Man. Missed your face,” Claire said she turned her smile towards Dean, “Hey Hasselhoff, I’m glad to see you didn’t kick the bucket.”
“Oh, I’m sure Dean is the one who counts himself lucky. Especially with how in shape you’re getting Cas. Those thighs are meant for crushing-”
He saw Cas first. His eyes were wide in horror and disbelief. He had been leaning against the edge of a table across from a young girl seated in a chair in the middle of the circle of on lookers. Dean didn’t recognize her. She was young, around Claire’s age, and tiny in her too large clothes. Her black hair framed her face which wore a terrified expression as she sat in front of Cas.
Eileen did concede that if something more was happening with Cas and Dean, Cas would have spilled the beans to her a long time ago. Sam finally had a chance to tell her about the weird bet with Claire which Eileen thought was a cover for something too. Nothing else to do or say they climbed into bed after a few minutes of silent. Sam’s thoughts raced around a track unable to find a way off. They just kept repeating on a loop in his mind.
Dean was exhausted but he gave his strength willingly because Cas asked him to.
Yelled another part. This part of his brain said he wasn't asking for much.
“Guys,” Sam interjected, “Eileen and I are more than happy to help you set up.”
Cas had been so relieved that Dean offered to take him the next day that he was still excited the following morning.  Cas’s mood immediately lightened the cloud that had been hanging over both of their heads. Dean was determined to make the day good and not be a jerk that he tried to keep the smile on the whole day. For the most part, he did so. The only thing that felt the wrath still burning in him was the houses. Frankly, most of the houses sucked and he made sure that Cas knew his opinion. He ignored the fact he wasn’t moving out of the bunker despite what part of his brain kept saying.
Cas had been talking to Dean through the door trying to lure Dean out to grab the food he had brought. Dean was fighting in his tipsy state to get the brace off. If he was going to enjoy the night, he was going to do so comfortably and that did not include a rigid brace. Dean was balanced at the edge of the bed when his vision blurred and he lost his balance. The fall caused Dean to shout out in pain as his leg collided with the floor and he blacked out for a moment.
“You misunderstand. We did not come here to kill him. We need him. God has clearly abandoned us and our powers are stretched thin. We need him to help rebuild and restore Heaven.”
“About an hour and a half. We tentatively have an appointment at five but I can cancel it if you aren’t up to it or don’t want to go.”
Relief spread over Sam’s face instantly. Sam probably thought Dean just needed a night away to clear his head. He retreated with a smile. Dean clicked the door shut and locked it a few minutes later. He didn’t go to Story Time. He didn’t tuck Jack into bed like he usually did. When Cas came knocking on the door around 8PM, he let the knocks fade away slowly. Sam took all the energy from him and he no longer felt up to looking Cas in the face.
Well, you can’t exactly have caterers come to the super-secret bunker.
Dean is a damn good cook, so Cas is almost as excited for the food as he is for the company. (Almost.) Of course, with them, dinner usually leads to other things, and Cas is most definitely looking forward to
All day, the two argue over the subject, in whispers and silent looks. In between, they close in on the demon, working the case with Dean and Cas, one getting scowls and the other soft, sympathetic puppy eyes. By late afternoon, Cas is thoroughly confused.
“That’s kind of you to say, Dean.”
, he thinks.
Dean stood in front of the mirror, hair still wet, towel wrapped around his hips. He poked his belly, but shrugged, genuinely unconcerned. Retirement had robbed him of his abs, now that he wasn’t digging up graves and dragging 200 lb corpses around anymore, but he still looked pretty good. Picking up toddlers all day helped a bit, as did jogging with Cas every other day, and swimming with Sam and Jess twice a week. Trying to keep up with a mermaid in the water had to count as a workout. Plus, he still tried to hit the gym at least once a week, though he’d successfully avoided the yoga class Jess taught there for nearly eight months now. He had to draw the line somewhere, dammit.
“Hey, don’t judge me, dude.”
She tilts her head and looks at Cas with soft, sympathetic eyes. “We never have to play guessing games, because we can tell when ‘I’m fine’ really means, ‘I’m still really annoyed about that thing you said this morning’.
about my life. They both thought they loved me, but how is that possible, when they didn’t really know me? Dean’s the only one who knows
Wouldn’t
The team voted on each item as it was completed (thumbs up for approval, or comments for suggestions to improve), and one of the most popular photos was Tobias’s Teddy Bear Hunt. #
“Spoilsport,” Madison pouts.
decorations. Incorporate honey into some of the food somehow? Like honey tarts,
I’m ordained.
Dean couldn’t help but smile at that. “Yeah, they definitely are. I know it’s only been six or seven months, but I think Sammy’s a goner. I bet he pops the question before New Years.”
Apparently, Dean’s withering glare isn’t enough of a response, so he continues. “Of course he knows. Hell, I met the guy through Charlie, I’m sure she told him all about me.”
Dean:
relationship, and it doesn’t succeed, then I will still be your
It's baby time!!!
Dean shakes his head, mouth turned down and eyebrows furrowed. “I dunno, man. I think they’re pissed at me for going out last night. Like, I got the impression at breakfast that they thought I should have stuck around the motel with you, maybe?”
friend. And I will always be your angel. No matter what.
This ended up being Benny posing in front of his fire truck, in kale booty shorts and kale suspenders, with Emir, shirtless but in normal fireman’s pants, boots, sunglasses, and suspenders, holding the erupting fire hose in the background. It took a long time to get a shot where neither man was laughing, and where neither Bella nor Sassafras were in the frame, since both dogs kept trying to chase the water or eat Benny’s kale outfit. The first seven pictures were great, but it would have been hard to come up with a believable explanation for a granite pug and a smoking, red-eyed Rottweiler leaping through the air in the background. Eventually, they had to call Ellen for help. She brought over two huge burgers, which occupied the dogs
entirely straight, but his attempts at flirting were always brushed aside with a joke, or a “buddy”, and he’d only ever known Dean to date women, so Cas gave up. Sure, Dean was an outrageous flirt, with literally anyone, but that was just his personality.) Still, Cas can’t deny that he feels a spark between them. Enough that Cas has jerked off to the thought of him many, many times over the years, and certainly over the last several months. And now, with Dean spending more and more time here, bonding with his kids, cooking in his kitchen. It’s all so perfect. If only.
They meet up at Cas’s house a few days later, and Benny’s concerns are confirmed. The exterior wall will need reinforcement, in the form of a very expensive steel beam, but Dean is happy to draw up the plans and gives Cas some free advice about building the outdoor kitchen, too. There’s some fond catching up, and even a little tentative flirtation, but soon enough, Cas has to cut their meeting short to go pick his kids up from day care and school. Dean notices that Cas seems a little harried, the closer they get to the end of the meeting. Cas mentions that it “hasn’t been easy”, raising two small children by himself, but he never says anything about their mom, so Dean doesn’t ask. Maybe they’re adopted, or maybe he had them with a surrogate. None of Dean’s business either way.
Melandriel explains that she was the one who gave Sam the head’s up about Castiel’s memory wipe, and reminds him that he can reverse the process, but that it will give him both the good and the bad memories. Cas studies Melandriel’s face, searching for something, before he asks, “Forgive me, but how are you involved in this? You’re not a cupid, and most angels have had . . . ulterior motives, when approaching me.”
Biting back the dirty innuendo on the tip of his tongue, Dean just grins. “Hey, can I talk to you in the kitchen for a sec?” Cas looks slightly concerned, but nods his assent, and they get up from the couch. Neither of the kids even turns their head.
Jody goes straight to the (bull-headed) source, and tries to talk some sense into Dean.
of weird GISH-related stories.
“How’s that for a distrac . . .” Cas begins, but he’s cut off by Dean’s mouth against his. It’s sweet and gentle, and a totally different kind of passionate than their ‘friends-with-benefits’ kisses usually are. By the time they break apart, their car is almost back to the bottom of the Ferris wheel.
favors, with mini honey dippers attached? Use honeycomb beeswax candles for
The two sheriffs stare at each other, aghast. “What the heck was that?!” Donna hisses.
The more they talk, the more Dean is intrigued by Cas’s kids. He hears so much about them, and they’re clearly Castiel’s whole world, outside of his writing. One evening, he’s Facetiming with Cas, when Jack wanders over and asks who Cas is talking to. When Cas explains, Jack climbs into his dad’s lap and says hello, with a cute little wave. Then the kid launches into a full conversation, like it’s the most natural thing in the world.
That was four years ago. Since then, Cas has focused entirely on his kids and his career. He’d already published two of his six-book series by the time Claire was born, and managed to get the next four done before Jack came along. The books were quite successful, and the sale of the movie rights ensured his financial future, even if he never wrote another book. Of course, he
Without any hesitation, still staring at the TV, Claire answered, “Yup. You ever think about marrying my old man?”
“Stop. Breathe.” Charlie did. “OK. What are these ‘things on a list’? How does a banana bikini help a charity?” Charlie pressed her lips together in excitement and grinned at him. “So, there’s a registration fee for GISH, and part of that money goes to a charity called Random Acts. Also, some of the projects on the list are always about raising money for charities, or donating stuff, or volunteering somewhere.” Dean opened his mouth to ask another question, but Charlie continued, her excitement visibly ramping up again. “BUT a lot of the items are fun, creative, silly stuff. Like, you have to carve a famous person’s portrait into a green pepper, or make and eat a sandwich with your feet, or stage a flash mob at the Post Office.”
So when Cas shows up in the Accounting office one day (looking for Lee), Dean invites him to join some of the other employees at the bar after work. His reply is really non-committal, so Dean assumes he’ll blow it off, but Cas actually does show up. He’s a bit awkward and quiet, and yeah, he makes a couple of weird comments, but Dean’s always had a thing for the strong silent type. He’s pretty annoyed that Cas is paying so much attention to Lee, but Dean’s not going to give up so easily. He tries to bum a ride home from Cas (and maybe a sleepover), but Charlie cockblocks him at the last minute, insisting that she’ll drive Dean home. In the car, Charlie admits Cas is “dreamy”, but thinks there’s something kind of creepy about him, too.
Understanding dawns on Dean’s face, followed quickly by indignation. He spins to face the women. “I am NOT a cheater! How could you even THINK that I’d do that to Cas?” He looks up, when Cas clears his throat. “Oh yeah, right. And we’re not a couple! We broke up over a year ago! Jeez!”
Soon, Dean finds himself tagging along on trips to the park, and the fair, and mini-golf. Sam starts to worry that Dean’s getting too involved for a platonic friendship, but honestly, Dean’s  . . . happy. Happier than he can remember being in years. Would it be better if Cas were more than a friend? Sure. But honestly, this is 50% of everything Dean’s ever wanted, and it’s not like there’s any other likely prospects on his radar, so he might as well enjoy what he has. (OK fine, his radar is turned off. Has been since that first lunch with Cas, 6 months ago, but who’s counting?) He introduces Sam to Cas and the kids, and they all get along great. That eases a lot of Sam’s nagging concern, but he offers a few more pitying looks at Dean instead.
OK, that head tilt never fails to be cute, but Dean is not going to be swayed this time. “I don’t know, ANYTHING? You didn’t have anything at all to contribute to the conversation?”
Charlie:
“Nope. Never. Dude, don’t you remember how much I flirted with you in college?”
maker? What the hell is a pie bird? And why a Roomba? You don’t even have any carpets
Donna: Awwwwwwwww!!!!! You guys!!!!
Dean blinks at him. “The fair? YOU want to go to the State fucking Fair?”
Jack comes home from visiting Jody, Donna, Claire, and Alex, and has painted nails. Cas & Sam love it. Dean is freaked out and worried about what people will say / how they will treat Jack.
“Maybe you should take it as an indication of just how badly you fucked up this time. You do kinda treat him like crap, Dean.” He finally asks Dean point-blank if he wants a relationship with Castiel going forward, and if so, what kind. They fight, of course (because Dean has a black belt in denial), but after a few minutes, Sam just sort of deflates. He shakes his head, his eyes wet, and takes a deep breath.
Sam: Dean's best man
ever stopped you before? Not that I’m slut-shaming!”
Cas flashes another dazzling smile at him. “My pleasure, Dean.” He continues humming off and on as he eats, tapping his foot and tilting his head side to side, in a lazy sort of chair dance. As he swallows his last bite, he looks up and sees Dean aiming a rather skeptical frown at him.
tell one another the whole truth). They argued now and then, but it never lasted long, as their lives were so interwoven that neither could imagine a world without the other. When they grew older and started dating people, every partner was aware from Day 1 that Cas was a priority in Dean’s life, and vice versa. This resulted in more than one breakup, when the person grew jealous, or expected all of Dean or Cas’s attention, all of the time.
for them!”
Oh for fuck’s sake. Dean’s had enough. “You
“Of course not. I love you.” But there it is again. ‘I love you’ said with utter calm, with almost no inflection, no facial expression. Cas isn’t insulted that Dean would imply he doesn’t want to spend time together. He’s not shocked that Dean would suggest such a thing. There’s no urgency. He’s not worried about reassuring Dean. It’s just a flat statement of fact.
ring bearer. You guys OK with that?
Chaos ensued.
“Last night was a disaster. Jack asked why you weren’t there SIX times, he didn’t want to help me cook, and then both kids hated their food.”
Charlie was not reaching, and still looked dismayed. She shook a grey to-go cup at him. “Dude! Zoe brought me Chai tea, like, 5 minutes ago,” she whined.
Dear Diary –
The kids of Cornucopia had arguably even more fun than the actual team members during GISH week, helping in several items. The largest group effort was for Garth’s item
Abby grimaced at Castiel, manicured brows raised up high. When Cas shrugged, the demon turned her gaze back to Charlie, who was starting to look like she might throw her phone across the room. Charlie rarely got mad. “OKAAAAAY, wanna share what’s suddenly got you so pissed off?”
Cas does so, then grabs dishes from the cabinets and sets the table, without being asked. When he turns back to fetch silverware, he catches Dean staring after him, a soft smile on his face.
“Exactly,” Dean agrees. “So we’re gonna clean this place up, together, and then we’re gonna take all this stuff downstairs to the bowling alley.”
“There you go, then.”
“My grace is a gift from God. It should not be squandered.”
You can just dye white roses or hydrangeas or whatever, Cas. Or you can buy fake
“No, no. He’s never really had any conversations about sexuality in any of the books. Definitely no evidence of homophobia or anything like that. He’s friends with a couple of queer characters, and he’s always been very supportive of them.”
Cas’s eyebrows shoot up, and Sam snorts into his coffee cup. Melandriel sits back and plays with the mostly full cup in front of her.
Are you doing any other decorations, or just flowers?
“OK. I’m gonna go tell Claire about stuffed ‘matoes. Bye Dean!” And just like that, he wriggles out of Cas’s lap and runs off-screen, calling for his sister.
“Dean, you flirted with everyone. Hell, I’ve seen you flirt with Charlie!”
There was pie, and laughter, and quite a bit of snark at the diner. Jack may or may not have been responsible for Dean’s apple pie dematerializing from his fork, every time he tried to take a bite. Sam and Jody may or may not have sat very close together in the booth. Later, they all piled into their respective cars, and headed home, after many hugs and promises to “revisit this karaoke thing” again soon. When the boys were finally back at their motel, and everyone went to bed, Cas settled down next to Dean, to meditate and read while Dean slept. Except every time he glanced over at Dean, he found his eyes open, staring at Cas, with a soft smile on his face. After the fourth time, Cas tilted his head and furrowed his eyebrows in question, but all Dean said was, “I can’t believe I get to have this. Have you”. Cas ducked his head and smiled down at his book. “I told you, Dean. Good things do happen.”
going on between them. If this shit was on Dean’s Dr. Sexy soap opera, the two of them would be screwing in a janitor’s closet before the second commercial break. Unless . . . maybe Cas isn’t allowed to, uhh . . . “fraternize” with humans? I mean, I know there’s a big prohibition against Nephilim, but that wouldn’t really apply here. Even if it did, Cas has rebelled against Heaven a hundred times by now (mostly for Dean, actually). Maybe he doesn’t think Dean’s interested? Let’s face it, Cas isn’t great at reading people. Can’t take a hint to save his life, and he promised not to read our minds years ago. And it doesn’t help that Dean lays on that macho, straight-as-a-ruler, chick-magnet crap pretty thick. Maybe Cas doesn’t realize it’s bullshit, and he thinks Dean really IS only interested in women? Plus, Dean’s so convinced that he’s unworthy, even if he were head over heels for Cas, he’d probably never make the first move. Bravest man on Earth when he’s fighting monsters, but put him in front of a real chance at happiness and he’s 100% chicken shit.
Dean’s eyes make a slow crawl up towards Cas’s face. “Thank you for cookin’. Smells good,” he mutters.
The singers returned to the table, surrounded by loud applause. Sam stood up when they got close enough, and wrapped his long arms around Jody. He murmured something into her hair, too quiet for anyone else to hear, then looked up at Jack, Alex, and Claire. “You guys brought the house down. That was fantastic!” he said, finally releasing Jody. She pulled him back down to kiss his cheek, then weaved her way back to her side of the table, only to be elbowed and aggressively winked at by Donna. Cas stood up as well, and wrapped his hand around the back of Jack’s head, leaning forward to kiss his forehead. “Beautiful, Jack. Absolutely beautiful.” he said, proudly, then turned to Alex and Claire. “And you! Alex, I had no idea you had such a lovely voice.” As he sat again, facing Jody, Cas met her eyes and held them for a long moment. “That was truly amazing, Jody. I feel like you’ve given me a gift.” Jody’s smile was big and warm, in response, though she waved him off.
She chatted while she made the drinks. “So, when are you gonna join my boxing class, man? You don’t do yoga, you don’t don’t lift weights, you might as well box.”
mowed his lawn or done his laundry, without using his powers”.
“All the more reason to do what you want. You don’t have any clear rules, and your dad’s not reaching out to offer any. And if he’s a big fan of Dean’s, he probably wouldn’t object to using your powers to enhance your relationship, anyway. Michaela uses her powers all the time, and it’s
Dean scoffs. Eileen waits. She’ll sit there for an hour, if Dean doesn’t answer; he knows she would. That woman is patient as a rock.
Dean huffs a laugh, bloodshot eyes rolling back in his head. “Who knows why Cas is ever irritable? Grumpy is kind of his default setting. Sometimes ya just gotta give him some space, and spend your time somewhere more . . . hospitable.” He chuckles into his coffee, and Donna and Jody share a dark look.
“We weren’t! And now we are,” she smirks, raising one hand, palm up.
He got Sam and Cas to join him in ballerina drag, and they went to Esther’s house, because she always has candy. They didn’t warn her ahead of time, and when she answered the door, she laughed so hard she nearly peed her pants.
Dean’s baffled look starts with Sam, then migrates to Donna, then Jody, then Cas. Cas shrugs. Dean looks back at Sam. “My who what now?”
Later that evening, Dean gets a text from Cas.
Charlie:
without sleep - Just kiddin (sort of)!
: Gage was Dorothy’s mom’s maiden name, and
Dean must notice the reluctance painted on Castiel’s face, because he leans in and resorts to flat-out begging. “Just get your memories back, Cas. Please? You can tell me to fuck off if you want, once you remember. And hell, maybe you will. But shouldn’t you have all the information first, before you throw me to the wolves?”
“Bad dream?”
“You wha . . . ?” he breathes, turning his head to face Cas, mouth dropping open.
“Not really.”
(He didn’t. Pretty sure he thought about it, but he
Jody: Dean's matron of honor
This one was also Zomo’s, and since pretty much everyone in Cornucopia had a good stash of Halloween costumes, there was no shortage of kids to hold signs. Plus, costumes allowed equal opportunity for everyone to be in the photo, since pink hair, horns, fur, and beards could be easily disguised or hidden. As word spread, they ended up with far more than 15 children wanting to participate, so they had a big group photo, with 15 of the kids in front, holding the signs. The picture ended up featuring Christopher Simon (his Monopoly Man hat covering up his nubbly horns), David the Little Rock elemental (Thing from Fantastic Four), Ewen (Barney Rubble), Meriel (Betty Rubble), Robbie Collins (Olaf from Frozen), Rose Collins (Elsa from Frozen), September Juno (a priest), Tuesday Kuraci (a bunny rabbit), Aeryn Kuraci (a pink-haired unicorn), Wyatt Foundersson (a bearded Mark Twain), Endra Rivers (Wonder Woman), Echo Andoren (cowgirl), Gates Tran (Willy Wonka), and Melissa Boyce (Johnny the gorilla, from Sing). All the kids were beaming, excited about having their photo in a contest, and the 15 up front even more so, very proud that they were picked to hold the signs. This was the last group item the team did, and when it was done, Zomo knew he’d be playing GISH every year.
steal some scrubs and sneak into the delivery room,
Charlie snorts. “Has
Are you kidding? I totally expected him to
Cas squints, hesitating. “Vegetables . . . don’t have eyes, Dean.”
Dean snickers. “You like me a little sticky though, dontcha Cas?” he says, winking.
Dean casts his eyes to the left and right, his hands lifting briefly off his jeans. He sighs and drops his voice to a mumble. “You look at me like you’ve never seen me before. Like you’re looking right through me, and I don’t know what to do with that. I can’t live like that!” He lifts his chin and meets Castiel’s eyes again. “Even if you tell me it’s too little too late, and you don’t want me. At least you’d still . . . you’d still know me.”
“Well, I’m great with crafty stuff, and anything to do with sound editing or recording, but I’m kind of an introvert. Anything that requires being the center of attention in a crowd, or getting a tattoo, or approaching strangers on the street, I’m not gonna be much help with.”
Finally, Cas steps forward and smiles that smile that’s only ever been for Dean. “I have no intention of leaving, Dean. There’s nowhere in the universe I’d rather be.”
********
Dear Diary –
“I thought we weren’t talking about sex.”
He looked good!
“I’ll help your dad any time he needs me, kiddo.” He meets Cas’s eyes on the screen and holds his gaze for a moment, before looking back to Jack. “And I’ll make you stuffed tomatoes next time, OK?”
. Dean sighs.
Dean’s eyes darken at the angel’s stern tone, pupils dilating and smile widening. He’s always loved it when Cas gets all Badass Angel of the Lord-ish. The hunter clenches his jaw and breathes through his nose, willing himself to calm the hell down, and nods.
As it turned out, their random 15
Four days in, Sam and Dean were knee-deep in marshmallows, building a 3 foot tall version of the Acropolis of Athens. It shouldn’t have taken them 4 hours, but Dean kept eating their building materials. Watching his brother snip a marshmallow in half with (now, very sticky) scissors, Sam chuckled and arched one eyebrow. “You’re totally signing up next year, aren’t you?”
Dear Diary –
Everyone wrote down their first songs, then argued over getting everyone on stage together for “We Are Family”. Eventually, however, it was decided to be too much of a karaoke cliché, and the motion was voted down. (And sure enough, another group sang it, a few hours later.) Jody, Sam, and Dean carefully explained the mechanics of karaoke to Cas, and he watched the first performer closely – an African American woman in her late 30s, singing “Hello” by Adele. Claire leaned across the table towards the end of the song, and squeezed Cas’s hand. “Don’t worry, they get more fun as the night goes on.”
Dean is blushing again. He doesn’t handle compliments very well, but he certainly deserves them. OK, so Cas may or may not offer more compliments than strictly necessary, just to see Dean blush. Maybe. They both seem more relaxed by then, and lunch goes better after that. They talk about Cas’s progress (or lack thereof) with his current book. He tries to gloss over the details, but the truth is, he keeps imagining gay sex scenes for a character who he’s always written as straight, in the previous books. Every time he tries to write a scene where Michael picks up a woman, it comes out as cheesy and inauthentic. Which is weird, since Cas has written plenty of straight sex scenes. He’s even written straight hookups for this particular character, in the past. Eventually, after skirting the issue several times, Cas confesses his consternation to Dean, embarrassed. Why won’t his characters just do what he tells them?!
Claire:
“Of course, Carnegie; have a seat. Dean – quit harassing my customers.”
I’m beyond happy for you two - Mazel tov!
Yeah, like a beach wedding, or rustic, or something cute like Meant to Bee?
The four of them launched into the opening chorus of “Seasons of Love”. Dean looked at Donna and hissed, “What the hell? When did they practice together?” Donna grinned back and shrugged. “Well, it’s not like Jacky has to
mention my feelings again.
After a quick brainstorming session with Sam, Charlie quelled Melanie’s suspicion by telling her that they had a “pilot friend” who thought this whole GISH thing was adorable and offered to help with private transportation. (Technically true, since they didn’t specify what kind of transportation.) The “pilot friend” was actually two Cornucopia gods (Eastyn and Dio) and two demons (Abby and Meg), who each agreed to teleport 2 or 3 of them, in costume, to Hanau and back. The four “pilots” dropped the players off and hung out in a biergarten for an hour, before flicking them all back home.
Cas is rubbing a hand down his face.
This one involved Garth, Charlie, Jess, Aileen, Dylan Perrino, Echo Andoran, Endra Rivers, Eli Clooney, Gates Tran, Wyatt Foundersson, Aeryn Kuraci, Ewen & Meriel (the Selkie kids), Tuesday Kuraci, September Juno, and Myeko Watanabe. The pillow fight went on far longer than necessary for the photo, and three pillows were killed in the process, but it was a great time.
at anyone else since he started sleeping with Dean. As of last week, the two of them have been unofficially monogamous for a year. They don’t discuss it, of course, because Cas is damn well not going to jinx it, and Dean has still never even hinted that they should be a real couple (though literally every one of their friends and family members has).
It was a perfectly normal Friday in June when Charlie bounced into the tattoo shop, cell phone in hand. Well, perfectly normal for Cornucopia, anyway. A goblin stood in the doorway to Castiel’s studio, wearing only a pair of jeans and an Oakland A’s baseball cap, t-shirt bunched up in his gray-green claws. He was half-turned toward the couch in the lobby, where Dean sat, shaking his head and chuckling.
“And you’re absolutely sure he only sees you as a friend? Have you ever talked about it?”
Dean’s being a real dick about Mom. He thinks it’s cold-hearted of me, not to be concerned about where she goes, or when she’ll be back in touch. He acts like I’m a jerk for not obsessing over her, like he does, but he doesn’t get it. I never knew Mom. I don’t remember her AT ALL. (I mean, who remembers anything from the first 6 months of their life?) Even growing up . . . Dad hardly ever talked about her, even when he was around, so the only real stories I heard about her, were from Dean. But Dean only had 4 years with her, so his only memories are happy, little-kid stuff. He never knew her as a person, not even a little bit. He put her up on a pedestal and idolized her over the years, and even I could see that. So to Dean, he’s losing his mom all over again, whenever she takes off abruptly, or doesn’t answer her phone. He’s hurt, and scared, and worried. But to me, “mom” is kind of an abstract concept. She’s just a person. Hell, part of me sees her as just one step above any other hunter we know . . . extended family, maybe, like Ellen? But honestly, I’m closer to Jody than I am to Mom, and she’ll never even hold a candle to Dean, or Bobby, or Cas, as far as I’m concerned. So no, I don’t really mind that she didn’t stick around the bunker. You can’t miss what you never had, right?
“I’m not terribly worried about the cost. I don’t plan on moving anytime soon, but if I ever do sell this place, I suspect this renovation project will add significant value to the home. Do you have anyone you could recommend, as an Engineer?”
“Hello? Yes, this is Castiel. Is everything OK? . . . . Oh no, OK. Yes, of course. I’m on my way. Thank you.” He hangs up and closes his eyes for a second, sighing, before across the table to Dean. “Dean, I’m so sorry, but I have to go get Jack from daycare. He’s having a meltdown, and the staff can’t get him to stop crying.”
How do you tell if the damn Trickster god is being sincere??
The brothers sit down to strategize like they’re on a hunt. Sam makes lists, they brainstorm, they look through angel lore, and by dinner time, they have come up with a game plan to convince Cas. Sam prays to him and asks Cas to come meet him in a park in Lebanon. A few minutes after Cas arrives, Dean pulls up in the Impala, directly in Cas’s line of sight.
While there, Cas learned that nearly all remaining angels (even runaways and those in exile), had returned to Heaven in the wake of Chuck’s Big Reveal. Their total population was now 27, not including Michael. It was known that Michael / Adam had left the Cage, but no one had heard from him. Naomi continued to run Heaven, where they were attempting to consolidate everyone’s personal heavens into a linked community, to keep Heaven going with limited angelic power. Castiel did his part to assist in the process, spending several weeks among his angelic family, stitching Heavens together and attending planning meetings. It was boring, but necessary work, and Cas felt he owed it to the angels.
), and sets up a day to check out Cas’s kitchen reno plans.
There’s a lot of prolonged, silent eye contact. These two are old pros at the staring contest, but it goes on even longer than usual, and Sam wonders if that’s a good sign or bad. It’s hard to tell with Cas. Sam studies the ceiling, the bookshelf, his shoes. He starts to imagine elevator music playing in the background. After a while, it gets so uncomfortable that Sam is about to clear his throat, and that’s when Cas finally stands up. “I need to think about this,” he announces, and heads towards his room.
Jack opens his swollen little eyes to focus on the screen, and his sobs immediately taper off in to sniffles. “Dean?” he says, in the tiniest, most unsure voice.
(Thank you to everyone who took photos of Jared Padalecki's feet at the Seattle Marathon, so I didn't have to guess what brand to use!)
Castiel shakes his head slowly. Madison sighs. “Zoe needs to stop beating around the bush and just tell her, for crying out loud. Maybe the next tattoo should say, ‘Please be my girlfriend’ in big block letters.”
“Honey, is this just about missing that time with the kids, or is it Cas, too?” Eileen signs as she speaks.
Snorting, Charlie twisted on the couch to face the door to Cas’s studio. “A super fun, creative contest for charity that you should absolutely do with me, and not lame out like your killjoy boyfriend!”
Dean’s chest hurts. “Ohhh! No, sweetheart! I didn’t go away. It’s only been a week! Remember? Your daddy had to take Claire to gymnastics, so I picked you up from school to help him. But now gymnastics is over, so Daddy can pick you up every day, again. I’m still here, and you can talk to me whenever you want to.”
What wonderful news! Blessings on both of
Can rested his palm on the side of Dean’s face and smiled gently at him. “It’s for a good cause, it will be entertaining, and it will make Charlie very happy. And besides, Dean, sometimes silly and goofy is good for you.” Then the angel’s smile widened, and he tapped Dean on the nose. “Boop!”
OK people – we’re definitely having the wedding at the bunker, but that’s
im good. But the whole feelings / talking / relationship thing is my
Eventually, Castiel got better. He went back to work and started driving Claire to school. He started cleaning the house and cooking on his own again. He smiled and laughed without that empty, haunted look in his eyes, and he stopped locking himself in his room for hours at a time. He played with Claire. He took better care of himself. He was OK. So Dean went home.
As far as Cas was concerned, after he killed Belphagor and helped close the Hellmouth, he returned to Heaven to reconcile his feelings over Chuck’s betrayal and reconnect with the remaining angels. He also made it a point to visit Bobby, Mary, and John, on Sam’s behalf. (Naomi had been careful to warn everyone not to mention Dean, so Castiel’s time in Heaven went relatively smoothly.)
Everyone they knew had commented, at some point, on how different the two men were, but it worked for them. They protected each other fiercely. They balanced each other out, and brought out the best in one another. Over the years, they developed such a profound bond that nothing could drive them apart. They were straightforward, even blunt with each other, and they never lied (though they didn’t
The other crowd-sourced kid item was perfect for Cornucopia.
This is the story of what actually happened at Donna's birthday karaoke night. (This one's a real chapter, with a plot and sentence structure and everything!) Don't worry, we will return you to your regularly-scheduled texting format, after this.
“So this happens a lot?”
Dean pulled the cup carrier just out of the angel’s reach. “Are you talking to me, or the coffee?” he asked, suspiciously.
Love it!
“Charlie still has no idea?”
Dean and Castiel have always been a package deal, but they weren’t always a couple. They grew up in the same town and met in 6
The kids barrel into him as soon as he reaches the door. Jack wraps himself around Dean’s leg like a koala and won’t let go, so Dean is forced to limp across the house to the kitchen, dragging one very heavy leg, and carrying Claire in one arm, groceries dangling from the other one. Cas takes one look at him and bursts out laughing; a long, loud laugh that overtakes his whole body. The kind that he very rarely gets from Cas. It’s beautiful.
“What’s wrong with you?” Dean asks, shaking his head.
Donna was followed on stage by a middle aged brunette man, who probably should have stopped drinking an hour ago. He stumbled and slurred his way through “Shake it Off” by Taylor Swift, but it was still pretty entertaining.
Charlie’s phone showed a web page with a big, bold header saying “GISH”. Below the header was some text that Dean didn’t bother reading, followed by a photo of several people in evening gowns and tuxedos, drinking wine at a table . . . but clearly underwater, in a swimming pool. Just below that one, Dean could see half a picture of a woman in a very odd-looking bikini.
Crowley’s a demon? Seriously? Dean invited a demon to his wedding??
As she sucked in a breath, preparing what was clearly going to be another rapid-fire, run-on sentence that Dean would not be able to follow, he lifted his hand from Charlie’s arm and raised his palm in front of her face.
Sam abruptly stops giggling. “Wait, you WHAT? So you
What if Gabriel’s not just fucking with me? I mean, his flirting is constant and WAY over the top, but he’s so outrageous about it, he can’t possibly be serious . . . right? Except, I’ve seen him interact with a lot of other people by now, and he doesn’t do that shit with anyone else. I mean, a little bit (he’s still Gabe, after all), but nowhere near the level he pulls with me.
know a lot of babies.)
“Mhhmmm. So as long as you can’t see the veggies, you can pretend you’re not eating them, is that it?” There’s a glint in Castiel’s deep blue eyes.
********
See, the thing is . . . I’m a little surprised too. God knows Dean was shocked (and hurt . . and pissed) when he found out that I didn’t look for him. Fight # 42,857. But what I never told him, was that I wouldn’t have survived that experience again. I think I forced myself to shut it out and leave my whole identity behind, rather than face the grief of losing my brother again. Compartmentalization, I think they call it. Because I’d gone through it all before; years ago. Before Dean went to Hell, even. Back when Gabriel put us through that Mystery Spot bullshit. Seeing Dean die 100 Tuesdays in a row was unbelievably traumatic, but when he died that last time, on Wednesday, and he stayed dead . . . I think I kinda lost my mind. I remember feeling like every single person I loved had died, like I’d lost literally everything, like I couldn’t rest until I found a way to get Dean back. Hell, I acted like Soulless me, now that I think about it. I was a single-minded machine, hunting down “Loki” at all costs, no matter what. Bobby was all I had left, and I completely iced him out. When I finally got my hands on Gabriel / Loki, I cried, bargained, begged him to bring Dean back. I was a basket-case.
At first, they’d hooked up now and then, when one of them had a dry spell, or needed some stress relief, or sometimes, when they were just drunk and bored. Then, Dean’s hookups with strangers and casual acquaintances started to taper off, and recently, Cas realized that Dean hasn’t mentioned sex with anyone else in quite a long time. Cas, of course, hasn’t even
Claire dashes back down the hall, as Dean steps forward, grinning, to take her place. “Bye Daddy,” Dean teases, in a much lower voice. He leans in for his own, significantly longer kiss, only stepping away when Claire’s impatient holler echoes from the mudroom door.
“Night, Sammy.”
“Well, if he is so interested in you then I bet he wouldn’t mind having you part-time.”
“Dating. You don’t date. Maybe that’s what I should do. It didn’t work out with Ishim and I dated him for four years. Caught feelings for you even though you don’t want date me. Tried to go on a date with another guy and got hit in the head. Baseball is right too. Three strikes and you’re out.”
“He said he didn’t like dinosaurs or cats, Dean.”
Sam managed to tear his eyes away from Eileen to see Dean had his hand resting on Cas’s shoulder and chuckling at whatever Cas had just said to him. The laugh lines around his mouth and eyes crinkled in well-worn delight. Cas was beaming at Dean clearly happy at making Dean laugh. Jack had woken just enough Sam could see his blues eyes shifting around but hadn’t lifted his head from where it rested against Cas’ neck. Dean used his free hand to ruffle Jack’s hair briefly before turning to Sam and gesturing towards the door.
“Tummy time is very important for a developing brain, Sam.”
sincere apology. I would never mean to insult your car’s dignity by comparing it to my
Dean struggles with his promise to do better with Jack and Cas before his life gets turned upside down permanently.
“I was but Castiel walked right past me earlier without more than a goodnight chat and has yet to reappear to my party. Came to see what you did to set him off.”
“I wanted to show you what was waiting for you out there.”
This Cas felt the weight of the world and Heaven on his shoulders.
“I’m fine.”
“So, you’re not going to say anything?” the man sneered at Dean again.
“Oh yeah, better taste and they can be twice as big. The kids raise ducks for 4H and sell the eggs at my wife’s stand for some extra money.”
On Sam’s left, the dining room contained a sturdy, solid oak table with 6 matching chairs. Jack’s booster seat was strapped one. A simple chandelier lit up the room and the China cabinet sat in one corner not far away.  He knew the kitchen was connected to the dining room in the far-left corner of the house and the washer dry were tucked into a tiny laundry room under the backside of the stairs directly off the kitchen.
In Sam’s hand was a paper that looked like a schedule and a manila envelope. Dean had forgotten about the weekly schedule for everybody in the bunker. He hadn’t forgotten that Sam had been the one to send Dean on the errand to buy a bulk quantity of those stupid envelopes to catalog cases easier. He wanted the ones with the tabs.
“I’m gonna head to bed. If you need anything at all, just knock first, okay?”
Doctor Sands then had Dean practice adjusting the brace in front of him and the nurse so they could check that he would be wearing it on correctly. Each movement was painful. Every bending or tug at the brace to get it sit right rocked him to his core. Dean’s hands went through the motions but defeat weighed heavily on Dean’s shoulders and mind. When the brace was finally in place for a second time, it felt overly rigid especially the circular parts on his knees. He was able to note some relief too as the pressure worked but his leg had been pushed past its limit for the day.
“Cas harvests the honey and works with the bees but he technically trained me as his backup if he’s ever sick which he better plan on never being. Got a whole manual in a binder and everything. I mostly build and install the hives. Then, I help with the packing the harvested honey and anything Cas needs at the booth. Cas does all the playing with the bees. It’s his business. I just help.”
“Dean, makes an excellent pillow in Jack’s humble opinion,” Cas had joked.
Dean snorted at that, “You really want to go there? Let’s go to Heaven right now and take a poll. I bet Baby that you would get ‘most likely to start a rebellion’ in a landslide.”
Dean could feel Cas sitting nearby watching him like this was his favorite show. Cas always watched intently when Dean fed Jack even though Dean didn’t understand why.
Sorry for being late to post! I would love to hear your thoughts about this chapter or what is to come!
Cas asked if he should accompany them since he knew the most about angels. He had hesitated when asking with a quick flick of his eyes to Jack to Dean and then back to Jack. Sam considered for a moment before looking at Dean. Dean had bristled again at the thought of a very human Cas going up against angels. Dean knew it was illogical to feel more protective over Cas going than the others but they had years of fighting as humans. Cas’s first human showdown certainly shouldn’t be against crazed angels ready to smite him on sight.
Sam grabbed the first-aid kit and dragged a chair over to where Bobby stood near the rift. He gestured for Bobby to sit in the chair. They made eye contact for a few solid seconds before Bobby sat down, grumbling and cursing the whole time. Sam evaluated the wound and began to grab things out of the kit.
Despite it going from a frigid winter to an early spring, Dean would be drenched in sweat by the end of everyday he spent working on the house. His back-up knee brace and replacement pads saw more use too because Cas insisted that Dean wash his regular brace more frequently after telling Dean how bad it stank after five consecutive days of tearing apart the floor in March. What had actually happened is that Cas brought his extra brace to him and said if he didn’t change it right there, he would change it for him because he stank like a rotting cow. Dean smirked the whole time he changed his brace which only served to make Cas roll his eyes in irritation.
Trying hard to ignore the spouses comment, Dean told him their rush to the ER. When he had finished talking, it felt like he had just relived the night over again in an exhausting feeling of Deja-vu. Dean glanced at Cas who was staring intently at Jack, watching every breathe rise and fall in that little chamber completely ignoring Dean and the doctor. Dean’s leg ached but he wouldn’t ask to sit down so he leaned a little more into his right leg. He had to stay standing for Jack the illogical part of his brain told him. He had to be strong when Jack couldn’t be.
No work on the house got done on these days either. Their time was spent focusing on getting Jack (and each other) through it. Dean would often lay on the couch with Jack pressed against his chest in the position that the doctor said was the most effective for opening airways. He would rub the palm of his hand in soothing circles trying to keep the fussy baby calm. Crying on these days was harder on poor Jack’s lungs and Dean’s heart.
Cas took a step towards Dean with one hand outstretched, “Dean, this is your home. We aren’t anywhere where people can see us. Nobody will know about your physical therapy happening in the living room unless we tell them and I would never without your permission. I want you to be comfortable enough to do anything you want in
“This is frankly rude and disrespectful. I hope your OTHER patients are receiving better care than-”
When the receptionist asked Dean when he would like to return Bruiser, Dean said he wasn’t planning on it. That was the truth. He never planned to return Bruiser to begin with but he had called the shelter looking for answers. After hearing more about Bruiser’s life, Dean knew he couldn’t abandon the poor guy like all the people did before.
Dean saw flashes of every moment Cas deemed important tangled together. He saw Cas’s early rebellion, his doubts, their fight to seal Lucifer in the cage the first time, his war with Raphael, trying to kill the Leviathans, Cas killing Dean a thousand times, their year in purgatory, their failed escape and reuniting, the angel wars, the Mark of Cain, Chuck and Amara, Jack’s conception, Kelly’s death, becoming human, raising Jack, spending time in the bunker, Heaven dying, their family and friend’s desperate efforts to save the hunters in Apocalypse world, Jack dying from losing his grace, the demon attack, how the angels could save Jack, Billie chasing them, how and why each angel was pulled, and more of each moment back into the universe.
worried it will mess him up? It’s messed me up and I was an adult. It messed other me up. It messed Claire up. It messed Alex up. If you try being honest with yourself for five minutes, you’ll see it messed you and Sam up. Do you honestly want him to grow up here and see same things you and Sam saw? Do you want Jack to think this is normal?”
“Yeah well, somebody had to. I tried to call Meg but she said she was out of town.”
It wasn’t a secret that Cas wanted to be an angel again. It wasn’t a secret that the humans who loved Cas the most wanted that for Cas too if it would make him happy. They loved him in any way he came including him being human but Cas wanted to be an angel again.
It took Dean less than ten minutes to diagnose the “clunking noise” Cas had described and another twenty minutes to complete the large mental list of everything that should be fixed in the truck to make it safe. Dean was busy snapping the coolant hoses back into place when he felt the urge to talk.
He got to know Charlie and Bobby better and found himself hanging out with them even more. He got Charlie started on superhero movies and Game of Thrones. Hearing her call Geoffrey a dick made Dean laugh until his stomach hurt and reminded him of the good old days. When she heard about LARPing, she got positively giddy and Dean promised to help her and a few of her close friends find an event when they were ready.
Dean sucked in a breath trying to refocus after the two blows the stomach and the vibrating pain from his leg. In a matter of seconds Dean had been overrun, like the useless hunter he was. Part of him was ashamed to be taken down so easily. The other part of him acknowledged that the way four of the monsters had immediately swarmed him, it almost seemed like a coordinated attack.
Cas never looked so hopeless as Jack continued to barely suck in feeble breathes. Charlie grimaced and held her stomach. She pulled her hand away and revealed blood from where her stitches likely ripped again from the demon attack. Alex was on her in a second and looking at the wound after Claire shooed her away from the cut on her forehead. Kaia was slumped over in exhaustion in her chair.
Two hours before the end, Dean found him in sitting on Cas’s bed with Cas sitting next to him. Between them, Jack practicing sitting up and playing with a rattle toy that doubled as a pacifier.
Dean’s arms raised to show his empty hands and he stood stock still. Mackenzie told him not to move so Dean didn’t. His fight instincts immediately kicked in but he forced himself to remain still. Obviously, someone had gotten to (or into) Mackenzie and Dean didn’t want her to be lost the fray.
Jack bounced away from Eileen and Dean lifted Jack onto the tailgate of the truck they were all just leaning against. He had been signing all the words he knew about bees to Eileen who had watched with a smile at her nephew’s attention. The smallest hat with netting was carefully place on Jack’s head with the netting rolled up to sit on the brim of the cap. Dean held up one tiny glove and Jack slide his hand into it. The second glove was held up and Jack put his other hand into it. The smallest flannel was slid on to Jack and Dean rolled the cuffs back to Jack could find his hands again. Jack flexed his little fingers experimentally before rolling the netting over his face with a smile.
They were survivors though and they bounced back quickly. They filled the bunker with laughter and noise again soon enough. He liked them but that didn’t stop him from missing the quiet comfort of his former home.
On the other side of where Sam and his family were setting up, a man and woman introduced themselves as Brandon and Jaqueline who pointed to a large group of nearly identical boys including Jack’s friend Clayton from as their kids. Jaqueline, who had been giving the kids orders to chill out when they had first arrived, smiled at the sight of Dean and the Cas. She kissed Cas and Dean on the cheek and handed the young baby girl in her arms to Dean. Dean smiled brightly and took the young girl from Jaqueline without hesitation. Sam watched as his soft-hearted brother started talking to the young girl couldn’t be more than 10 months old.
The last time they saw the curly haired reaper, they were debating which Winchester she would throw out into the void once and for all before Cas killed her by stabbing her in the chest with an angel blade. Or he thought she had died but here she was standing before them.
“Everything’s fine.”
“Hey, Cas maybe we should tell him that God’s name is Chuck and he’s has had a few boyfriends.”
Rowena was casting the spells to save everyone. Charlie could barely walk and needed to help Rowena. Cas was holding Jack who needed to flee when Rowena was done with her current spell. Kaia needed to be there to close the rift and she need Claire. Alex was needed for the triage. Dean’s bum leg was still adjusting to the brace and life without a crutch but he knew he had to do it. He didn’t want to do it but what other option was there.
“You don’t like smoking the hives at all,” Dean interrupted as he wrapped a few of the straps up.
Sam had drifted off to sleep when the creak from the second story made him blink his eyes open wearily. He hadn’t anticipated falling asleep but something about the continuous excitement of visiting his brother, Cas, and Jack for the last few days combined with a full stomach and soft couch had lulled Sam to sleep like baby. He woke up not knowing how long he and Eileen, who was still wrapped around the pillow, had been passed out on the couch. It couldn’t have been long since there was no sign of Dean or Cas.
"Everything okay, Jack?" Cas asked.
How was he supposed to explain to an older than dirt but human for three months and two weeks former angel that friends, especially two guys, don’t massage each other? Definitely not on the thigh and knee either. Letting Cas massage him was well past the boundaries of normal friendship that Dean understood. This was too far and too much. A step over the line Cas and Dean weren’t supposed to cross because Cas was his best friend. His buddy. His pal.
The rift began to shimmer as somebody tried to come through and come through they did. Sam emerged with a gash on his cheek a clutching an unconscious woman Dean didn’t recognize. His eyes were wide with fear and exhaustion. Alex rushed over and took the woman from Sam. She struggled to bear the weight of the woman before she got her feet under her and began to drag her the makeshift gurney. Sam began to talk while walking back towards the rift immediately.
“Not without you, now let me see,” Dean retorted firmly.
“Jack isn’t dead. He’s just a baby and he’s fighting to stay alive. So why don’t you do something useful and help him out,” Dean replied angrily. The whole plan was failing. Nobody had reappeared from the portal since Jody and Donna had the last time. For all Dean, knew, Sam, Eileen, and Mary were fighting against angels at this exact moment. Jack’s breathing was so harsh that he could hear him gasping behind him.
Cas stopped the thought in its tracks and turned to Ketch to learn more about him.
“I’m mo-“ Cas started.
Dean thought.
Dean would have to split himself.
“I’m fine.”
“We followed them in. We need to find Castiel right now.”
Dean didn’t know when he had stopped listening to the nurse and turned to look at Cas. His mind had drifted off and he had focused on watching Cas leaning slightly over the glass incubator still too afraid to reach out and touch. Where were thoughts like this even coming from? That was his best friend watching their kid struggle to breath and Dean was playing make-believe. He needed to shove his weird, sleep-deprived shit down and focus on helping Cas get through this. Dean couldn’t help many people now but he could spare Cas from a little bit of pain.
“Where was I?”
The house came with roughly 12 acres of hilly land and dense wooded area. In the heart of farm country, the land was unusable for crops because of topography, a buzzword from the grandkids of the owner, and dense forests. The grandchildren told Cas and Dean that they had sold off the other 200 odd acres of land but none of the farmers or potential buyers considered the last 12 acres (house included) to be worth their time or energy.
Sam paused for a moment weighing his options. Dean recognized the wheels churning in Sam’s brain.
Dean had mixed feelings about the accountant look that Cas had been cursed with. Jimmy couldn’t have waited to say yes to Cas until he had changed out of his unflattering work attire apparently leaving Cas in horrible, oversized layers for literal years. Yet, the trench coat meant something to both of them deep down. That’s why he had saved it when Cas had gone into that stupid lake. It was a part of Cas’s identity for a long time. Sometimes Dean still expects to see Cas all dressed up with the trench coat, suit, and tie. It would be like the good old days when it was the three of them against evil. Living out of the Impala and Cas having the powers of Heaven. Life was simpler then.
The third hook up turned into four. Then, pretty soon it was the eighth and then the twelfth in less than two months. Those little hormones Cas had felt had transformed for an absolutely pathetic reason. Cas was fully aware that he was “crushing” on Dean. It felt like a middle school crush in that it was all consuming. The reason had nothing to do with the sex.
Dean twisted the handle and with a grunt threw his entire weight against the door three times before it begrudgingly creaked open and the rain outside splattered against Dean’s face. He turned back and was prepared to run back down the hallway to grab the discarded angel blade and gun but the shadow of Death appeared at the end of the hallway.
Dean thought.
Sam stopped talking when Dean glared at him. Part of him was pissed at Sam for even suggesting Cas was dead and gone. Cas was still here, Dean could feel it. The other part of him fractured inside at Sam’s words. If he could fall to his knees, he would have at the thought of Cas being dead.
Cas glanced at Sam and seemed to steel himself. He straightened up and turned his gaze at Dean. Dean locked eyes with Cas and found himself unable to look away.
Physical therapy went about as well as could be expected. Mackenzie laid into both Dean and Cas in the first five minutes about missing yet another appointment in less than two months and obviously not keeping up with his at home care. She wasn’t mad, just disappointed she had said which was worse.  Dean felt bad and promised to try harder to appease her. She made Cas promise to be a better partner and he did. She then had Cas pinky promise that he would force Dean to practice at home every night no matter what. Cas awkwardly locked fingers with Mackenzie. The pit in Dean’s stomach grew at the partial lie obvious to Cas and Dean. Once Cas had a house, Dean would be need of a new partner if he stayed at the bunker. If he didn’t stay in the bunker, then Cas could be his partner still.
“Oh and why’s that?”
The tell-tale creak of the stairs rang out as Cas started going up again before stopping a few steps up, turning around, and meeting Dean’s his eyes for one brief moment, “Not just Jack.”
There was a lengthy pause as Dean absorbed his words. That wasn’t the answer he had been expecting. Dean thought it would be much more like the grand bestowing of names like Cas had done for himself, Sam, and Eileen. A magical reveal to put everything into place.
Cas said it as a statement not a fact. His hands were folded in front of him, eyes blazing as he stared at Sam. Sam looked almost sheepish but Dean didn’t feel sorry for him because he was pissed too. Dean knew he could, and probably should, jump in to calm Cas down but Dean decided to let him at Sam.
Dean spoke slowly trying to maintain his composure, “So you regret being human?”
Looking to Cas who was finishing his rounds of hugs. He was eyeing the room apprehensively. His gaze swept over it searching and cataloging quickly. Dean recognized the look. He was in fight mode. He was looking at every angel and unknown person with precision. Until proven otherwise, everyone was put into the threat category. Some of the angels they had pulled Cas had killed. They had gotten lucky with Balthazar but their luck had been less than stellar in the last four months.
“Okay as long as you promise to wait until I’m done talking to ask questions or get offended.”
At the epicenter of the explosion lay one dead archangel and one dying former angel. Around them in perfect circle was charred grass and two sets of overlapping angel wings on the ground. The first sound Dean heard once the ringing in his ears abated was Cas gasping for breathes. The breathes were harsh but also so quiet- like they could stop at any time. The angel blade was still protruding from his chest.  He was alive but only barely so. Dean’s mind tried to understand what everything meant but found blackness creeping back into his field of vision.
Sam thought.
Dean rested his arms on the top of the Impala casually, “What’s it look like Sherlock? I’m going for a drive.”
“You’re great buddy. Give the rest of us a second to get dressed and we’ll help Daddy with the bees. Okay?”
“Chuck hasn’t been the most involved father and I don’t have a mother. If I was raised as religiously and strictly as we are saying, it would make sense that I stopped talking to my parents when I left their house or when we met. Then, we don’t have to worry about too many questions about my past. I’ve noticed people are less tempted to ask questions when people get disowned for things like a man loving another man or even a man marrying another man. Makes it awkward.”
Dean reminded himself bitterly for the uncountable time.
Their hangouts grew in numbers too. Cas got to meet Sam and his girlfriend Eileen who were now regulars when they went to get food or went out on the town. The more he grew to know Sam and Eileen the more Cas loved them. Dean wore Cas down about meeting his friends and Cas hesitantly introduced him to Balthazar and Meg. The look on Dean’s face when he found out that Balthazar and Meg were both crazy aerospace scientists who worked at the Museum with Cas after Meg took seven shots in a row made Cas laugh. Their circles started combine and Cas was weirded out when Meg and Eileen took a spa day together.
The next few days flew by. The first night they ended up watching Switchblade Sisters after spending the day reading lore and making the game plan. After the first day, most of their time was spent setting up the library for the spell which included moving the tables to the side, renewing wards/sigils, setting up bunker for the arrival if its new occupants, and running practice tests in anticipation of the event. Dean tried to force people to focus but Jody was person for keeping everybody on track them practicing a training run. Every second that Dean wasn’t practicing or reading lore, he was distracting himself by enjoying his time with everyone.
The rift shimmered again and Sam, Mary, and Bobby emerged slightly out of breath and much dirtier than when they departed.
Dean would be in constant danger of re-breaking parts of the knee from the small fractures and abnormal positions, his risk of infection increased, and he was facing more pain if the unsupported pieces shifted unpredictably or were over stressed. The entire knee needed to be held in place and the femur would benefit from support too because of the way it had healed.
“You know exactly what I’m talking about.”
“Sugar plum, don’t you even worry your pretty little head about that.”
At the top was random words parsed together almost unintelligibly. Apparently, this was a late stage/accidentally-abandoned-due-to-purgatory-and-hitting-a-dog translation based on the erratic scribbles. Dean almost unceremoniously shoved the page back into the notebook when a word caught eye. Pausing, Dean read the word portal again.
“Dean, can I ask you something?”
The silence stretched awkwardly for a moment as the insects buzzed in the background before Dean decided to speak up.
“Could you look possibly? There are families with children and good people stranded in that portal that can’t escape in the time they have left. Lots of good people will die-“
“You really think that the Winchesters are going to be happy if Jack and I left without a proper goodbye? Sam isn’t even here and I’m sure Dean will love the last time he gets to see Jack being him on his knees with a blade against his throat. Let me try to help them see the sense of having Jack tucked away safely in Heaven. Which would you rather have: three Winchesters chasing after you because they think you forced my hand or giving me two weeks to convince them that this is in everybody’s best interest? Taking Jack and I now would certainly be easier for you in the short term but do you really want to waste precious angel resources having to keep us from Dean, Sam, and Mary Winchester when the simple alternative is giving us a few weeks to say goodbye.”
The angels had heard and seen everything in Cas’s call so they knew all there was to know about Jack. None of the angels had mentioned taking Jack again. In fact, the angels had paid little attention to Jack at all. Hannah and a few others had awkwardly met Jack at Cas’s discretion before lunch but none of the angels spared Jack a second glance. Hannah confirmed that there was still no grace in Jack and it would likely take a few weeks’ time for him to replenish it fully. Even with Hannah being Cas’s number one fan, Dean didn’t trust the angels not to take Jack the second his grace started replenishing. They needed to work on a plan to keep Jack here in the bunker soon.
Cas and Eileen departed towards the swollen concession stand line leaving Sam and Dean to finish setting up the two chairs and blanket Eileen had brought as the game started with a shrill whistle. A glance at the field stopped Sam in his tracks.
Kaia sat up straighter and nodded. The young girl in front of him glanced once more at Claire before turning back towards Cas and Dean. She seemed to steel herself and met Dean’s eyes with a brave look. With a nod of her head, she looked like had more fight in her than she appeared.
Sam was happy though. Unbelievably happy with the time spent with his family. It was nice to forget about monsters and saving the entire world for a while. It was nice to watch Jack be a normal kid and get to see a town that had mostly accepted Dean and Cas as one of their own. It was nice to see his brother finally having the life he had always wanted. He thought all these things as he dressed for bed in their room after his shower.
Dean liked this Charlie. In her own way, she was a completely different person. She was grittier and less bubbly than their version because of the war and loss. But at the core she was still Charlie and Dean loved her already.
“Where are you going?” Sam asked from the other side of the Impala. His arms were spread out wide like bird. Cas had made his way to the driver’s side of the Impala and the door stood between them like a shield. Eileen was at Sam’s side watching carefully.
Sam paused at the end of his speech. The line stayed eerily quiet. Sam nervously glanced at Eileen who had turned her eyes back to Sam after Cas’s interpretation. She rubbed his arm in a comforting manner. Mary had her head turned and eyes focused on the wall as she listened intently for Rowena’s response already calculating their next move no matter the witch’s decision. Bobby looked stoic and ready to march into battle. Cas was already looking back at him with an expression that Dean recognized instantly after spending years fighting side by side. With or without Rowena, they would figure this out. They would figure everything out including how to save Jack.
The woman walked away leaving Cas alone with the open tractor and the uninhabited hive. Sam watched Cas’s face narrow in focus as he studied the hive. He set the gloves down near the opening and proceeded to put bare hand palm up in the hive and scooped a large handful of bees.
It took his brain exactly one fraction of a second for his easy contentment to be displaced with something grander. Suspicion, unease, and the thrill of solving unknown all rushed into him. He remembered the book and the bet and felt like he was wide awake.
“Do none of you really go to appointments by yourself? You’re almost forty Dean, didn’t think you would need Jack to hold your hand,” Sam said letting his tone come across as teasing while digging for more information. He wanted to get a small rise out of Dean to see if he slipped up on something.
“Fine, but you’ll have one week not two. We’ll come back and retrieve the Nephilim whether they are ready or not. With or without you, so plan wisely. If you try to run with him, we will bide our time until his grace goes off like a beacon. If anyone tries to kill more angels or keep wards against us in an attempt to hide the Nephilim, the first souls we let go as Heaven falls will be those you care for most.”
