“I think Mrs Hudson prefer us having a whole floor in-between. She wouldn’t like it if we switched rooms with Rosie.”
"Well, nothing says ´
Sherlock watches his red glans with heavy-lidded eyes, lips wet from saliva. Then he pushes forward, letting John’s cock slide in between his lips, into the wetness of his mouth. He hums and John almost hyperventilates from the sound of his voice and - at last - the sensation of it, too. Sherlock doesn’t move, only presses his tongue lightly against John’s frenulum. Waits until John’s breathing evens out.
John only joined once. The sounds of slapping flesh, the grunts and curses - it was like porn or a sex dream.
"Right.  She's not around, is she?
John knows he’s holding Sherlock to unreasonable standards with that kind of reasoning. But that’s just how he’s always seen Sherlock: like a demigod, a magician stepping into John’s life and turning everything on its head. Mostly in a very good way.
He doesn't ask.  There are more pressing questions, and sadly, he's not ready for that conversation yet.  Instead, he feels a restlessness, a need to do something other than regretting his inability to express the things he doesn't say.  He feels the need to move.
This was the norm, when they were teenagers. She’d practically moved in with Catherine and John came here too, to relax, feel at ease. They were always welcome at any hour, no questions asked.
The tomatoes are ripe, hanging heavy from the stems.
Sherlock doesn’t answer this. He just watches John with a peculiar expression, lips slightly parted.
Lestrade purses his lips, shifting his weight, arms across his chest.  "Uh, yeah, I'll have a word.  First responders said they hadn't disturbed anything."
Sherlock raises his eyebrows, smiling.  "Do people not read the papers or watch telly in Brighton?"
"Right," says John.  "At least now we're sure they're all hers, assuming that it's her card number."
“You seem to engage with the strangest people.”
“I did. Doesn’t mean he didn’t scare me.”
Normally, he would never have asked Sherlock to babysit, but he can’t end this conversation yet, not if he wants to talk, really talk with Sherlock about what they are to each other. He needs this time. He hopes Sherlock doesn’t feel John is somehow taking advantage of him. First thoroughly snogged, then left hanging with a rather impressive tent in his trousers - if John’s eyes hadn’t deceived him - and now suddenly babysitting. If he were in Sherlock’s place, he definitely would have had a few questions as to what had just happened.
John pulls away and glares at him.
"Of course.  We can probably find accommodation here at the Marina, but it's immensely boring.  Let's get a cab and go back to the pier.  There's surely an abundance of rooms in the vicinity."
"Oh, yes. I thought it best to save them all."  She hands him the hefty sack.
“Right,” John says again, slapping his knees.
“We’ve made some bad mistakes, but that’s alright,” John reassures him.
John returns from Harry’s late in the morning. He seems collected, possibly more at ease.
Luckily, John had been drinking quite a bit by that time, or else he never would have been able to touch Sherlock that casually or let his hands stay on his shoulder, squeezing a bit, as if that gesture held no significance.
“Why do you keep shutting people out, John?”
John is very quiet.  Even more quiet than the pigeons huddled up under the glazed roof, masterfully avoiding the spikes adorning every beam.  Sherlock deduces that he must be exhausted, without saying so.  He watched John doze fitfully on the firm booth seat at Majida's, so he knew John didn't get near enough sleep.  And soon enough, John predictably closes his eyes and shortly starts to sway and finally lean into Sherlock.
“I- I did love her. For a while. As long as Sherlock was dead. Then things got complicated.”
"No luck?"
Sherlock chuckles, low. “I know you like scented baths.”
He’s lost so much the past years. But he’s got his very lively, annoying and lovable sister back.
“Isn’t that what happiness should entail?”
“I-I beat him,” he croaks and he swallows again against the shame coursing through him.
He looks behind Harry, expecting Catherine to come to the door any moment now. Unless she’s out in the back, soaking up the sun in the reclining sun chair below the wisteria.
“So rude, John.”
John almost stumbles into the shower, feeling a stiffness setting in.  He should've been stretching after such a workout.  The steamy shower helps a bit, though.
“You didn't even tell me she was dead, John. Sherlock had to do that for you."
says Sherlock, pain written all over his face, and it wasn’t supposed to be like this. John’s words were not meant to hurt.
“We won’t discuss this in-depth today, but I want you to read this through and preferably write down your thoughts about these and bring your notes with you to our next appointment.”
"She's bloody useless as a witness!"
“Yeah, it really is.”
"Or trust," John counters.
Once, he tried out the casual touch. On his wedding day. After Sherlock had poured his heart out - a heart John could never get a grip on, only sometimes glimpsed between all the seemingly sociopathic antics.
Touching Sherlock could never be casual.
"So, what did you do this morning, when Brian didn't bring you the mail?" Sherlock prods.
Ella shrugs, almost imperceptible.
“You’ve never had anyone to confide in. I know, I understand. You could have had me.”
At the end of one of those awkward sittings, an unfortunate and familiar text alert triggers John’s latent jealousy. But he is trying to be a better man, so he rants at Sherlock about missed opportunities, and it somehow turns into a confession about his cheating on Mary. She’s there, listening. Tells him to be the man he wants to be. And then she’s gone.
“Oh, sure, go ahead.” Sherlock tilts his face to let John inspect the pattern from the stitches. “Be gentle, please.”
"The physical closeness, whispering in your ear, the target practise--it was all intentional to gauge your response," Sherlock offers, waiting for the inevitable disappointment, hurt and anger.  "The chase was fake--there was never any pickpocket!  I merely pointed you in a direction and watched your reaction, adding the lie about a knife to see how a threat would affect you."
"Oh, how so?"
The champagne brings a refreshing citrusy tang and a slight tickle of bubbles to his tongue.
He huffs.
“Yeah. There’s a lot you wouldn’t believe about Mary if I told you.”
“What I did to you-” he starts again. “ I- I could have ruptured your spleen, I could have-”
“I’m sorry, John, but it’s not in my abilities to help you with this.”
know what you're asking for."
One bed.
!"  He manages to sound appalled enough, since John immediately springs into action.  "A short man in a grey sweater," Sherlock says with urgence, pointing beyond the gathered crowd, towards the seaward end of the pier.
Sherlock saunters down the slope and out into the shallow water.  He walks just a bit too far out, apparently realising his mistake and making a jump to avoid the incoming wave, but ultimately ends up with his trousers wet up over his knees.  He laughs about it and turns to John, who meets his eyes with a genuine, relaxed grin.  Sherlock gestures for John to come join him.  John declines; he's rather content sitting there, watching Sherlock's striking silhouette against the glittering water.
When John's stomach loudly informs him it's time to eat again, he ventures out of the room.  He finds Sherlock sitting in the lobby, all warmed up in front of the open fireplace, a glass of brandy in hand.  Only now it occurs to John that Sherlock had managed to tie his shoes one handed--not elegantly, but sufficiently.  It's plain as day that Sherlock doesn't want his care or help anymore.  He undoubtedly loathes the dependency.
"Someone more sinister," Sherlock says, cryptically.  "Someone who would rather flaunt their accomplishments than cover them up."
“Dada-dada-dada!” Rosie is returning at full speed. John grunts and brings their foreheads together, pecks Sherlock’s lips and puts his jacket over his crotch, just before Rosie throws herself into his lap, narrowly missing his sensitive bits. Sherlock sees his discomfort.
It seems their silence has been building up recently.  It started during the trial, when Sherlock was focused, but short-tempered, and John was nervous as hell.  That kind of silence isn't particularly good.  It's a distancing silence, John is sure of it, but he doesn't really know what to do about it.
"There's a Lebanese place about three blocks from here.  The owner owes me a favour."
Of course. He was talking as if he still lives at Baker Street. In the back of his head he always does, but it’s painful to admit that he actually doesn’t.
The following wailing makes Sherlock want to help the boy follow his cap over the railing.  "Completely predictable development."
blamed me for her death,” Sherlock mumbles calmly into his ear, stroking his back. “You merely agreed.”
"Fight or flight hormones at play," Sherlock murmurs, a lame objection.
returning the grip. “Also I’m generally good at commanding people and pulling rank.”
"I suppose that would be a disaster," John says, jokingly.
This wasn’t supposed to happen. Sherlock promised to keep her safe, that’s the only reason she willingly returned to London. And now she’s lying dead on the floor.
“What you value in a relationship, be it a friend, family or a partner, and how well you feel that you live up to your own expectations of maintaining that relationship.”
“No, I’m not now. But I handed Rosie off as much as I could for a too long time. When I first was alone with her, when Mary left, I like to think I managed pretty well, considering the circumstances. But after she- I just- I just couldn’t. I didn’t feel anything about anything anymore. Just resentment and self-pity.”
“Let her walk, let her stray,” says Sherlock.
," Sherlock remarks.
"John, buy something you can grab.  I need to think."
Some time later, after downing a couple of glasses, he feels a relaxing warmth spreading inside.  What a feeling--sitting on the beach with windswept hair, listening to the loud rhythm of the crashing tide coming in.
He wonders briefly how high up the tide usually reaches.  Are they sitting above the waterline now?  Would their feet get wet if they stayed exactly where they are when the tide comes in, or does the water only rarely reach that high?
... " he murmurs in Sherlock's ear.  He leans away, raising an eyebrow in inquiry.
“Yes you do. I’ve seen it before. Not just me and Catherine. Obviously our parents, I’d never criticise you for that. I did the same as soon as I moved out.”
Sherlock shrugs, not meeting his eyes.
John nods, almost to himself.
“Oh. So you’re
Better save their time together to do something special, eat out, have a walk in the park. Do things that couples did. Living in peace and quiet, healing his damaged heart.
A slight, calm nudge with the press of a thumb had prompted Sherlock to part his lips, and a soft but insistent mouth made his own start to water, opening up fully, ready to take him in.
It has started to rain. He welcomes it. Lets it mingle with the tears on his face. He walks slowly to the city center and is both relieved and a little disappointed that Sherlock isn’t on the same train back.
,” Sherlock rumbles, and that’s all John needs.
At the beginning of November, Rosie empties the kitchen of all its boxes and bowls with a determined energy. She then proceeds to throw them down the stairs, one by one, watching in fascination how all of them tumble and bounce differently. She laughs uproariously when each item lands at the bottom. Sherlock, of course, chooses to let it all play out while he documents her deeds for posterity on his phone, smirking as he recalls it’s Guy Fawkes Day and silently applauds her destruction in honor of civil disobedience.
"Nope," says Molly, buttoning up her cherry patterned cardigan.
"He really wants to make sure you know he's dealing with The Case of the Missing Sea View," John tells Sherlock under his breath.
Sherlock blinks. Blinks hard, as a meaningless protest forms on his lips:  "I- I couldn't know that!  It was too soon!  That's why I brushed you off that first night."
The boy didn't actually sing that well, it was genuinely more screaming than singing, which was par for the course. He exuded raw energy, and the vocals gave vibrations to his throat. He strained his neck when he lifted his chin towards the mic, tendons and bulging veins visible. And his hands - the long fingers on his left sliding along the neck of the bass, while the right worked fast and hard over the strings at crotch height -
"He spoke in riddles."  Sherlock shakes his head.  "I don't know what he's up to."
been allowed to have this.  "We could always christen every surface in the flat, sell the footage from Mycroft's CCTV capture.  That would earn you a pretty penny, I wager, enough to find a flat of your own where you can woo insipid females to your heart's content."
It’s the shower situation that triggers the nervousness. The feeling of being found out, the fear of being caught with inappropriate thoughts, or worse, bodily reactions. He doesn’t ogle, he avoids letting his eyes linger anywhere near another body. It’s probably a very common behaviour in public showers, out of politeness, but his is imbued with fear.
"I see your point.  You want to be sure any arousal or feelings are genuine," says John, contemplating while kneading Sherlock's arse cheeks.  "But we're not in danger now.  God knows about Moriarty's next move, but there's no imminent threat here.  Nothing to cause an adrenaline spike.  We're not even in the public eye.  We're secluded from view by this bloody shrub.  No-one can hear us over the sound of the sea."  He chuckles a little and shrugs.  "Hell, we're not even deathly allergic to bee stings."
“You did what you thought possible, John. You were just a kid. No remorse.”
“I chose to not conform. I guess that’s what I did differently. Actually, I’m not even sure it was a
“Girlfriend?” he tries to divert.
Of course John doesn’t appreciate his efforts. There is an argument.
A week later, when Rosie paints the warm kitchen radiator with crayons that melt, Sherlock preens and considers it her first experiment. He documents, on her behalf, the way that the red and the blue crayon mix together to make a disappointing grey, rather than a vibrant purple.
"Now, make a list of the different supermarkets and shops."
John had moved to London, feeling bad for leaving Harry behind. She’d mostly stayed at Catherine’s and managed to come after within a year, living on people’s couches in various groups on the outskirts of society.
It is what it is," he finishes. The words he’d used to say to himself so often, since John had been engaged to Mary and drifted further and further away from him.
John puts his phone away.  "You got that?  Moriarty couldn't have done it himself.  I know he has minions, but they couldn't have picked the lilies from Brians' lot, since they'd been past their season by then.  You said it yourself, the flowers had wilted."
There's very few people about.  An elderly couple treads slowly on the walking paths, gravel crunching beneath their feet.  Otherwise, it's as silent as it can be in a park in a city centre.  There's a wind playing in the leaves of the elm they're sat beneath.  The rattling sound is oddly soothing.
“She wouldn’t understand.”
Sherlock is somewhat stunned by John's sudden command of the situation, but acquiesces.
"Of course.  You never mentioned how many of them there were."
”Nevermind. Forget I said anything about it.” Sherlock twirls and faces John straight on. ”The point is - never let fear override your judgement.”
that was pure sex.
John looks at him. Is Sherlock really surprised, or is he trying to make things easier for John?
“Loads.” John grins. “Meet you there.”
The sweltering heat has finally lifted from London.
The train ride is relatively short and efficient. They’re surrounded by tired commuters. John doesn’t ask what kind of expertise Sherlock thinks he can provide. They definitely don’t talk about what happened when they last met.
Sherlock stares at him. And suddenly John’s words seem inadequate. Not nearly enough.
Nevertheless, Sherlock is thankful for the hateful distancing, as it helps him in his struggle to retain his composure. But he’s aching to break their careful dance, to confront, provoke, shatter the walls they constantly put up to-
Sherlock crouches outside the door opening, spies the trodden mud, sighs deeply, then makes a show of exclaiming, "Oh, footprints!"
-"  He grabs his arse with both hands, pulling him closer until their pelvises grind into each other.  "- is a pretty universal response."
"Shukran," he says.
John’s mouth goes dry.
"Sherlock dismissed her first letter, because it wasn't, um, substantial enough.  But, she did write a second time and I... well, I misplaced the letter before even opening it.  So, yeah.  I feel very bad about what's happened here, and we just want to do our part to help."
"I am trying," says John, making a long, slow sweep over the area near Sherlock's ear, "to have a perfectly normal conversation with my best friend."
Ella says it calmly and neutral, but he still feels the need to explain himself.
Greg looks between them.  "Were you two in a pub brawl or something?"  When he doesn't get an answer he shrugs.  "Well, just keep me updated.  Donovan has packed up the gardening tools from Mr James' flat.  They're in the van outside.  You have my permission to take them with you to Barts."
John shrugs.  "None.  But, maybe you'd do well with some fresh seaside breeze to air out your lungs."
"Hm," says Sherlock.
John is tender-eyed.  He caresses Sherlock's hand.  Every touch sends a sparkle through him.  Electrodermal activity.  His sympathetic nervous system is highly aroused.  A polygraph would undoubtedly detect it.
Sherlock blinks, looks at John with a slight frown.  "I'm not sure," he says, looking back out the window.
"If you're on an MAOI, you should refrain from eating tyramine-rich food, which is essentially aged or fermented food of any kind.  Aged cheese, tap beer, red wine, air dried meat and um, Marmite, if I remember correctly."
Brian seems to have been an avid reader.  John peruses his bookshelves while Sherlock inspects the small dining table.  "You said more than twelve hours since death?"
He seems to gather himself. “I’ll readily try it out. Let’s go then.”
”It’s called codependency, John. It’s a thing. Ask your therapist. That’s what happens in dysfunctional families.”
Oh, how he loved Harry and her defiance!
When they’re admitted inside the treatment room, they’re already soaked, especially Sherlock in his towel creation.
He was positively surprised by the effect Rosie had on him, when John first moved back in. It was calming, having a nap on the sofa with her, kissing her downy hair, inhaling her baby scent. The weight and warmth of her small body resting on his chest was even more calming. It made him able to relax, to zone out without necessarily turning to his mind palace.
“I’m not your therapist, but I think it’s time for you to expose yourself.”
"Mr Holmes," she tries again.
He admires John's ability to fall asleep on the spot.  Naturally, it's a very useful skill when doctoring in a combat zone, where the shifts might be endless, and any small break needs to be utilised for maximum effective recovery.
"See?"  John grins.  "I told you you needed to get away.  You're not as sharp as usual.  Even Sherlock Holmes needs a little break once in a while."
“How do you see yourself in relation to that sort of behaviour?”
Sherlock steadies him with his left hand.  "You don't need to create excuses to touch me.  It's all right," he says.  "I can bring the backpack down for you, and you can sit here beside me."
John gives Sherlock a look.
Sherlock catches on quickly.  "Salt!  You mentioned salt!"
There are dogs on leashes barking, a low hum of polite conversation from all the previously hibernating people, suddenly out and about. The sound of a bouncing football, making eyebrows raise and frown, disturbing the relative calm. The athletic all-year-round runners now have to share the space with the suddenly health aspiring comfort joggers. There are birds enthusiastically chirping from the thicket. So much noise in comparison to just the other week. Ducks are making indignant noises from being chased by toddlers on the loose.
John nods.
“But?” John prompts.
John blinks.
"Good."
They don’t see each other ‘in a bit’, since Sherlock heads to Scotland Yard, to go through all the evidence from the case. He’s not at home when John returns with Rosie. They don’t meet in the evening, as John joins his daughter in slumber while putting her to bed. The next day Sherlock is at home, pacing the flat while John has long shifts at the surgery.
“I think it would be pretty tricky to
John puts his glass on the bedside table and lies down, stretching out.  "I feel like I need another nap."
"It seems I need to spell it out for you; I've never had a girlfriend.  There you have it," Sherlock says between gritted teeth, then adds, "It is an area in which I lack your ample experience."
“Oh.”
"Graham!  How may I help?"
John chuckles. So typically Sherlock.
“Don’t blame the rubbish collectors. It’s the aphids who absorb sap proteins from the leaves and produce honeydew dripping down. Sometimes it ferments by natural yeast on the leaves, but bees collect it anyway and then they end up drunk.”
"Well, at a first glance, that's correct, apart from the floor.  I'm going in."
Johns opens his mouth as if to say something, frowns. This really is terrible.
There's no logical reason to try to hide, try to go unnoticed. Of all the people who have ever shared a showerroom with John, probably no-one has even thought of his particular sexuality. People tend to generally categorise other people as straight, unless there's something contrary catching their attentio'n. Besides, he's out now... sort of. To two people. It's a start.
"Nope."
John blinks, remembering Sherlock's injury.   "Let me see your other hand."
"It's the timing, John!"  Sherlock says in a fit of pique.  "The letters started coming right around when Moriarty first turned up.  You heard her say it too...
John's eyes flick to their hands.  His thumb is resting right over Sherlock's carotid artery.  John blinks as if he wasn't aware he'd put it there.
"Sherlock, why did you call it 'target practise' when you came clean about experimenting on me at the pier?  I mean, call it whatever you want, I'd just say shooting gallery, as the sign said."
That's why he'd preferred closeted men. They would be content with discreet meetings and no strings attached.
But in hindsight, it’s just another tell that he didn’t notice in the moment. Mary had always wanted her independence. She’d been an agent and couldn’t be tied down bodily to an infant. She’d always been ready to leave him and Rosie behind, even before A.G.R.A. resurfaced.
She rises, giving them a wary look.  "Good night."
"Let's go back down to the beach then, shall we?"
"And she's positive that's what it is?" asks John, noticing how Sherlock's become significantly quiet after the pickled contents were named.  He's staring intently at his phone.
“Yeah, fine. It’s fine. More than fine.”
“Hmm?”
John's warm fingers drift back up to his cheek, then to this mouth.  "Swollen lips... "  A fingertip barely breaching the opening of his lips, but the association is obvious, the reaction instant.  "Increased blood flow."
“That was for real? I only thought it was Sherlock being hyperbolic on your blog. Then I definitely was better off in rehab.”
When they return upstairs, Sherlock has brought out his violin, but instead of carols he puts on a song on the speakers, playing along to an old heavy metal song.
“Creep. New week, new girlfriend. How many children were you planning to father?”
Sherlock actually sniggers. That’s a rare sight.
“Call the local police.”
“See, here’s the observation reported by the London Bird Club, while the London Wildlife Trust-”
John blinks, reluctant to let his gaze leave the horizon, clearly not in case mode.  "Oh.  Really?"  He glances at Sherlock, standing very much in his personal space.  "About what?"
- most people?  No,
Sherlock takes a sudden interest in his phone and begins texting away.  "Hungry?" he asks, as if he hadn't heard John's stomach complaining.
"I thought you punched him."  John gives him a measured look.  "You didn't, though.  You fell," he determines.
Molly startles.  "Oh, hello. I'm just having a little break, but otherwise, nearly done."
“I just let it all slide. With Catherine, when Mum died. With my wonderful landlady, Mrs. H, when Sherlock died. It hurt too much, to be confronted with the loss again and again. There’s a pattern to it, and I wouldn’t have seen it if not for therapy.”
If he hadn’t done what he did to Sherlock he’d be very tempted to come. To be allowed a valid excuse to be in his company.
Sherlock frowns.
And now it's John's turn to try to hold back tears.  Sherlock decides John needs an embrace.  And a kiss.  And a proper snog.  It soon occurs to them that they feel a mutual need to respect Majida's wish and promptly leave the restaurant, to go home and have a proper shag too.
The answer is obvious. He shakes his head, to John's visible relief.
But, somehow it's easier to deviate into meaningless banter than to continue prodding for information about Sherlock's sexuality and lack of relationships.  The razor is clogged, so he rinses the blade, letting some of his frustration pour out by casting unfair blame.
He rolls his eyes at himself. That one doesn’t look good. Why did he tell her that?
"Um, I think it's cheaper around here."  John is acting shifty.  "Back there, we'd probably have to sell your tie pins to get a room."
"I have permission to speak to potential witnesses, though with your inability to register anything even remotely out of the ordinary, I don't know if I should even bother!"
John grips Sherlock’s hair on both sides of his face and brings them together, licking into Sherlock’s mouth.
"  Sherlock grabs his hair.  "You don't know if it's toxic!"
"Yes.  Whether it's to throw you off, so he can do other crimes without you noticing, or just for the hell of it."
, however, to sleep on a pull-out in the residence of a woman who owes Sherlock.  What the hell did she do that she owes him?  But, if he can get Sherlock to agree to get out of London, anywhere that will bring a change of scenery, even for just a day, to get a break from the past week's growing insanity, he's actually very keen.
"Pardon?" Sherlock asks sharply.
"You did?"  John looks perplexed.
“You alright?”
.  Not like the frantic pace of Korsakov's
Today, he's put on the last acceptable jeans he has left, and he's wearing a tattered vest, which luckily, is well hidden beneath an old rusty red button-down that has seen better days.  He longs for fresh, cool air and wind, but mostly he wishes for an end to Sherlock's current nerve-wracking state.  He says he's bored, blaming a lack of interesting cases, but John doesn't believe it.
There's something about her that's grating on his nerves and the feeling increases when she smiles at him. "Now, my ride is here, I'll trust you with the key."
"I saw you speaking to Miss Cushing's sister just outside, when she came to pick her up," says John.
“I guess this means I don’t need to feel bad about missing your wedding.”
It's a simple question.  It's a loss of equilibrium.  John squeezes his hand.  A grounding point of contact.
"What?"  Sherlock wonders if he misheard the Inspector.
John finds his courage.  "You need a shave."
"No ripping deduction, then?"
"So what's up with the box?"
John bites his knuckles, still trying to keep things in, although he’s safe in Sherlock’s arms.
"Damn it!  So close."
“Spit it out, dammit! Are you saying you never wore protection?”
"Yeah, exactly."  John swallows down the baklava with a big gulp of water.  "No need to bribe someone to let you in, or place your people on the inside.  Of course such a code would be convenient."
“This,” Sherlock says, gesturing vaguely. “To make us talk.”
He gives her an expectant look, not at all satisfied with her pithy answer.
“We’re not normal, John. We can’t be.”
Sherlock finally finds his voice.  "You fled the flat."
I also imagine he would be a fan of Wendy Carlos, and I can picture him listening to
“I don’t know. That it was a mistake and it’s human to make mistakes.”
Ahead of them is a seemingly endless stretch of water.  The sea is calm, though the wind is constant. The waves break like white lace when they reach the shallow waters.  The sound, different from a sandy beach, is soothing, hypnotising.
Sherlock steps into the tub, sits down opposite John, the water reaching to his clavicles. He leans back and sinks lower, stretching his legs across, resting his feet on the seat, one foot on each side of John.
Sherlock seems to be in his element, commenting knowingly on the proceedings, asking about the products being used, while John struggles to stay awake. It’s exactly what John expected. He’s glad he didn’t skimp on this. They leave the barbers’ with baby smooth faces, smelling very nice.
"Let me help then," says John.  "Talk to me."
”I blamed you for her death,” he sobs.
Even though they’ll both be in swim trunks, John feels really out of his depth.
“That was a pretty shitty thing he did. Faking his death.”
John invites Harry to Baker Street for Christmas. It’s very informal. Only the usual fairy lights and some tinsel. Sherlock had actually wanted to get a tree, for once, and hadn't hidden his disappointment when John vetoed the idea as far too hazardous with a small, bright, inquisitive person apparently bent on self-destruction in the flat.
"Just a mo."  John pops out to the room and returns with the backpack. He ruffles around in it a bit, before he finds what he's looking for.  "Here," he says, lining up the shaving supplies beside the basin.
Harry had usually been skint. John had saved up as much as he could during his junior doctor years, and somehow Harry at one point had accepted it. Since they left home, they’d always had a frail relationship, switching between hostility, estrangement and jolly friendship. It was as though the stress at home had kept them united, and when they were free from it, they didn’t know what they were to each other anymore.
"You're lucky.  You could have gotten yourself a case of skiers' thumb.  This seems to be a mild sprain.  Maybe just a stretch of the ligaments.  Keep your hand above heart level and we'll find an ice pack for you soon.  I'll need to check on it later, keep an eye on any swelling."  John lets go of Sherlock's hand after the brief inspection.  "Now where did the bastard go?" he adds, still ready to take up the chase.
Sherlock returns with his trousers and a towel.  He lays the towel flat on top of the bed, then spreads the trousers evenly over the towel and rolls it all up tightly, using his right forearm to press down.
who’d betrayed
“No.”
“I really wish I knew what to do, but I know this is not the way. I can’t engage in this. It’s ruining us.”
And John is back in that inexplicable embrace.
“They’d been together all their life. They were what Clara and I could have been. You don’t remember her grieving?”
That could be nice, being back in Catherine’s garden.
Pretty alluring stuff for people like us. Only thing is, you have to lie a bit to yourself to be able to do it.”
John sips his tea and Sherlock eats two more cakes before John clears his throat, gathering courage.
He ends up sitting in the shower, sniffing a half full, half forgotten bottle of Herbal Essences, crying quietly, trying to not wake up Rosie. He doesn’t even know what he’s crying for. For the cracked facade that revealed a former assassin? For searching for something that he never truly wanted, and the emptiness and desperation when it wasn’t there anymore? For the terrifying thought of starting from scratch?
”And you felt it was your responsibility to correct that behaviour?”
“Budge up a bit, will you.”
This is what it must feel like for Rosie, when he pours water over her in the tub. It’s strange how the memory works. His Mum must have done this with him when he was small. He must have felt taken care of, as he feels now, by a complete stranger. He gets a bit teary eyed thinking about it, and then he feels Sherlock’s hand in his.
John pulls a pack of tissues ut of his pocket. He’s taken to carrying them around, lately. He blows his nose.
"And she won't like having you around while she does."
When Sherlock played along to the metal ballad it could have sounded something like
. She'd been a goddamned agent. She'd always seen right through him.
Sherlock had stared at him as if he’d said something unusually stupid.
John finds the date at the top of the paper and his blood chills. "That's the day Moriarty was arrested."
He manages to sneak around the corner just a few seconds before John.  He must have been slowed down while trying to identify the non-existent perpetrator in the crowd.  When John rounds the corner, Sherlock is quick to grab his arm.  "Down!" he hisses, crouching and pulling John down with him beside a bench.
Sherlock quickly searches the internet for the website while they're driven to the location.
“I don’t know-“
Sherlock is already peeling off the foil of another cigarette pack.  He taps the back to get a fag out.
"Actually," says John.  "I think I can finish up here.  Why don't you go have a chat with the still living tenant?  Maybe she's seen or heard someone hovering by the front door?"
"He wants to solve '
Sherlock inserts himself into his life anyway, with cunning help from Mrs Hudson.
John reddens slightly, so Sherlock abandons his fag and kisses him again.  And again, pulling him downwards until they're on their knees, holding onto each other tight.  When John pauses, and draws back a bit, Sherlock can clearly see the dilation of his pupils.  They're not anywhere near the parapet.  There's no danger at all.  Then John pulls him close again, and they're back to snogging, John's tongue in his mouth.  It's all a rush of nicotine and hormones surging through him, making him stupid and malleable--and he loves it.
After setting for the John redemption angle of the story I sought inspiration from the roundtable discussion on Three Patch Podcast,
“What?”
“I’ll think about it,” John chuckles. He loves chatty Harry. And now he can see her insecurities too, when he isn’t too wrapped up in his own.
.  Her in-laws have had trouble with it in their garden."
The sadness in John seems to transfer through the door and into himself. Like melancholia. A sudden lump in his throat. He leans his forehead against the door, rests his fingers on the doorknob.
"No, no," she shakes her head.  "I'm not suffering from dementia, as my sister would have me believe.  At least not yet. I might be a little scatterbrained, but I am still perfectly capable of distinguishing between flowers.  Brian used to bring me small garden flowers he'd picked.  Now, the funeral flowers were something else.  It was a bouquet left in a plastic bag, hanging from the front door handle, one afternoon.  White calla lilies and roses, though it was only rose stems.  The rose flowers had been cut off, like a
Oh, how he feels caught out. Did he say that out loud or is the heat in his cheeks that apparent?
“I should’ve been better to Mary. I really should have. She was different. I mean, I’ve always gone for the witty, no-nonsense girls. It probably hasn’t done me any good, ‘cause they tend to be frank and end it if anything’s not to their liking. But it’s what I like.”
The bottles are of course in there to provide the visitors with samples to make them buy the posh product line associated with the spa. It’s very expensive, but John sniffs them all, thinking they smell nice at least.
"I guess that's fair enough. And Sherlock, you're going to know everything I know." Sherlock begins to scoff and roll his eyes. "Yeah, get ready for a load of boring, banal observations. But everything that matters will be in there too. I'm sharing it all with you."
When he’s cooled off to near freezing he gets out of the pool, seeing Sherlock come sauntering towards him. He’s apparently got rid of his erection - hopefully not by actually releasing himself in the tub - since he’s wearing his towel over his shoulders instead of using it to cover his crotch.
Not the kind of deep void Sherlock caused when he jumped - that was insurmountable. It was dread, a slow death from inside, a completely purposeless existence. So much worse than any low point in his life before he met Sherlock.
They shower. John finds a hose and cleans off the bench. Sherlock unblocks the door.
"Um, sorry.  Can't do that," Molly says, a bit nervous.
John is a little bereft at witnessing Sherlock connect with another human being.  It's so rare.  John knows Sherlock is not without compassion, but sometimes envy creeps inside when that same empathy is not bestowed upon him.  He shakes himself of the odd feeling and focuses on filling his stomach.  John relishes dipping fresh bread in hummus and some of the best baba ganoush he's ever had.  They eat to their hearts' content, then curl up on their respective seats, drifting off to the soothing sound of Majida's light tapping on her laptop.
His smile is a little wobbly.
"No time to shower, only a quick change of clothes.  Besides I'm less likely to be accosted by nosy reporters if I keep this," Sherlock says with a smirk, indicating at least three days of growth covering his jaw.  "No hat, additional stubble, and I'll be practically invisible to those unobservant, superficially inclined hacks who call themselves journalists."
The scabs are gone, but the newly healed skin is red. The redness will fade, but John knows it will leave a scar.
He doesn't want to leave Sherlock by himself.  Not until they have spoken about it, for real.  He never answered John's plea of being included--it was just a long quiet walk to the restaurant.
Sherlock knows John treats his daughter with lots of love and great forbearance. But now Rosie has thrown herself into a fit and John doesn’t seem to have any energy left to help her calm down.
Also, there is definitely potential for more.
"I opted to spare him.  He offered us to move one floor up, to the Ibiza Suite, with guaranteed sea view.  I declined."
to fight you.” Sherlock scoffs, sitting up straight, suddenly very much closer to John.
Sadly, he's yet to have John in his bed.
"Are you texting Molly about the autopsy?"
He’d seen her tattooed arms from the window, but now, when she turns towards him, he can make out the large slightly faded X’s on her forearms, mostly amalgamated with the newer ornamental tattoos covering the full length of her arms.
John knows he can't keep avoiding this part of himself, keep dousing himself with liquor before he has the guts to come near another man in that way. He needs to break the habit, to soldier through. He needs to change his thought patterns, and with time creating new neural pathways in his brain. He wants to be able to live a life that's more than endurance.
“Or a concerned friend?”
Harry peers up at John as she picks a plump one.
When John had snogged that boy, when he had felt the masculine body under his hands, grinding against him, his fantasies were not just fantasies anymore.
She gives him a look, but reluctantly hands over the container.
That’s why he had stopped going to this aunt’s place. John knew, if Catherine had asked, had even looked at him, she would know. And that meant Harry would have known, too.
He does. Sherlock has always had an odd way of obsessing about things he’s interested in. John hadn’t understood he’d been the object of such obsessions, hadn’t thought this thing between them went back so far. Not for Sherlock. For a brief time he had believed it. Until Sherlock faked his death.
“Please, God, let him live!” John cries out in desperation and gut-wrenching fear.
John opens up the flimsy backpack and brings out the wrapped pickle-and-cheese sarnies.
“In what way?”
She’d made him see beyond his terrible loss.
There's a coffee machine and a kettle on a credenza that looks suspiciously like it came from IKEA, up against one of the walls.  John is happy to find the room is equipped with a mini bar as well, his liquid courage having dissipated greatly.  His mind is filled by a nervous energy.  He wants to quash that, just a little, so he pours some whiskey for them both.
John chuckles.  "You need the reminder.  Your gun safety is non-existent, and you know it, too."
"I would say returning depression, shame and denial is a more likely reason than being stupid," John argues.  "Few people lack that kind of self-preservation out of mere stupidity."
He slaps John’s other cheek.
"Sorry, no."
"He pushed past me and turned back towards land.  I called the police," says Sherlock, standing back up.
John proceeds to eats his dessert, noting Sherlock's hurried steps go down, and later coming back up the stairs, and the flurry of his coat passing in the hallway on the way out. This is the third time since they arrived here that Sherlock has left to escape his company.  John doesn't want to sit alone in their empty room.  If he knows Sherlock--and he does, he really does--he will stay out for at least a couple of hours.  Even if there's no London streets to roam, he will make his way through the quiet seaside area.  Alone, with only the sound of the sea and the traffic of the A259.
“I need time to do research. I’m not an apiarist. Yet.”
Sherlock shrugs.
Oh, she’s sharp today, bouncing the ball back hard and fast.
"I suppose they share."  She shrugs.  "There are locked storage buildings further up the path.  I've only been here once before, but he regularly brought me flowers from his lot."
"Yes."
with a susurration of cellos, everything slows, only to return anew with the dawn.  Such is the cycle of life.  He closes his eyes to hear the bees more clearly, rubbing the shell in his pocket.  He'd thought it would disintegrate with all the fiddling he did last night after dinner.  He'd walked in the dark, through fields and shrubbery on the slope above the cliff's edge, trying to clear his head.  He mulled over different future scenarios of development in his relationship with John, as he watched the passing car lights of the A259 below, and the Marina glimmering in the darkness beyond.
Sherlock almost whispers, "Possibly."
"I guess it's my roundabout way of telling you that you have my love and devotion," John says earnestly. "And exclusivity regarding the sex."  He leans away for a moment, quirking an eyebrow, waiting for a response.  "If you want it?" he adds carefully.
Only last time Sherlock bought chips, it was Mr Chamoun’s cousin serving. Sherlock quickly deduced Mr Chamoun’s continuing success in the fish and chips business had led to him upgrading to a proper restaurant, and that he currently was on vacation to be set up to marry. As expected, but nonetheless irritating. One more thing to put on his ever growing list of reasons why he loathes conformity.
"Well, the knotweed grew back with a vengeance.  So every time Miss Cushing visited her sister during the spring and early summer, Brian hacked away at the shrub."
John entwines their fingers and leans forward, his eyes twinkling with mirth.  "So what do you think:
Sherlock freezes.
“If I’m being honest, which I presume you want me to be,” Sherlock tries to backtrack. “It’s likely not going to help this conversation. You know I’m terrible at not insulting people, and-” he stops himself, sighs, furrows his brows. “I just did, didn’t I? Insult you.”
He’s efficient, but also loving. There’s so much love in his hands nowadays, a result from handling this precious little human being. At least he has that when he doubts everything else. A loving touch.
“Yeah.”
"Ah..."
John let the movements of the crowd pull him along, started working himself towards the area in front of the stage, filled with wildly dancing people, never taking his eyes off him. The beating of the drums and the vibrations from the base pulsated through his body, reverberating inside his chest. In that moment, there was no fear that someone would see or notice if they happened to touch his swollen state in the chaos. No fear of making eye contact, only a wild lust that overcame his whole being, wanting to touch and taste the roaring boy and his raw energy.
And John Watson walks out of their flat, forgetting his coat. Sherlock feels a bit unmoored by this conversation and its abrupt end. What the hell is John thinking?
"What?" asks John.
Sherlock just looks at him.
“You’re getting rid of the lab?”
"She did stay here for a while, but that was years ago, when she was settling the divorce."
"Why don't you fight back? Isn't that what you wanted me to do at the mortuary?"
The train is nearly deserted, the ride smooth.  The darkness outside makes it quite meaningless to look out the window.  Sherlock opts to study John's reflection instead, until John meets his eyes there.  There is a brief flare of panic before he decides it's better to keep his eyes closed.  It would not do well to let John know just how much he is observed by Sherlock.  At best, it would make him wary.  At worst, it would completely unnerve him and garner a fight or flight response.  Sherlock admits, only to himself of course, that his study of John Hamish Watson has increased exponentially in the months since Baskerville.  Sherlock was not wrong when he said he had only one friend, and that friendship becomes more dear, more
They need to sit up for the final rinse, first warm, then colder water poured from head to toes.
Majida laughs at his unfortunate pronunciation.  They kiss each other's cheeks.
"Well, who caused it, then?  You wouldn't be out here sneaking around in the dark unless there was some foul play to discover."
thing ever.
Sherlock looks at him curiously. Then he takes John’s hands in his, leans forward and empties the contents of his mouth onto John’s abdomen.
"No, Sherlock," he says sharply, but with restraint. "That's it.  You're done interacting with people for today."
He glances over at Sherlock to see how he's suffering the excessive warmth and is somewhat taken aback at how unruffled his friend appears.  Though he professes to care very little about general public opinion, Sherlock's seemingly indifference to his own looks isn't quite true.  John can see that he's taken a few seconds to put some product, or maybe just water, in his hair.  The curls are back to their usual defined and shiny state.  He also has his coat, the one John thinks of as Sherlock's own form of armour, bundled up on his knees. Can't seem to go anywhere without access to that bloody flattering coat collar, even though it's too hot to wear.
"No, I was horrified, so I threw them out before anyone else could see them.  Didn't want to worry my tenants."
John instantly pulls the razor away from Sherlock's face.  "Keep still!" he warns, then steadies the back of Sherlock's head, correcting his posture, before he starts anew.
Sherlock merely groans and turns back, burying his face in the pillow.
"We're having a conversation," Sherlock says slowly, neutral.
“Did you take a sample?” John chuckles. “Did you bring my spunk into our kitchen to examine under your microscope?
Wendy Badu places the container she's been carrying on the ground and crosses her arms.  She gives Sherlock a measured look, waiting for him to continue.
He leaves within a couple of minutes, cancelling the rest of his patients, blaming a stomach bug. He heads for Baker Street, stomach churning and heart beating hard.
Lestrade actually looks sheepish.  "Yeah, I wanted you to have a look first.  But, his team continues on from here."  He lays a placating hand on Sherlock's shoulder.   "You know I'm eager to hear your observations."
"Well, I'm lucky the firefighter's weren't as observant as you."
"First off, do you really suffer from tinnitus?"
He cherishes the usual sensations of warm fingers touching him, the gentle massage a relaxant. Today, there’s a heightened sensitivity in his left hand, where his digits had flown over the fingerboard for so long. Small sparks fly when the tips of his fingers are gently pressed, massaged in small circles. The light pain is not enough to produce the level of endorphin he craves, but it’s still something. Oxytocin, without personal attachment. It’ll have to do.
John breathes slowly in through his nose. He purses his lips, clenches his fists. "Please stop calling him that," he says tightly.  "It's not very professional."
They kiss, slow and deep.
“I know. Not- not for long, I promise. I just- I need to make a reservation. And take care of a couple of things. A week tops?”
“Alright, posh boy,” John says and kisses him on the mouth, grabbing the wild curls one last time before Sherlock flounces his dressing gown, heading for the bathroom to get presentable.
She stares at him. All his thoughts slow to a crawl due to the distraction provided by her very familiar eyes. Frowning, she draws in her breath, clearly about to ask him something, and just like that, Sherlock finds his voice.
He’d been afraid of inheriting such behaviours. Nature or nurture - it’s clear he has acquired some version of it.
He waves his hand, barely looking at her, quickly lets himself out and closes the door firmly behind him.
grimace.
He doesn't know much about gardening, but he's pretty sure, in more rural areas, one is supposed to burn the fallen leaves after raking them into piles, or something like that.  Yes, it's definitely too early in the season; most of the trees haven't even changed yet.
"When Miss Cushing retrieved the letters from the cupboard under the stairs, I happened to see there were rows and rows of jars with pickles of some kind.  Homemade, unlabelled.  And a couple of bags of empty glass jars."
It seems they’re about to get properly naked.
"I haven't heard of any letters," Miss Badu says.  "I'm not sure what you mean when you say funeral bouquet.  But if you're asking about threats, then I'd bet it's her sister.  I didn't want to be nosey and ask Miss Cushing about it, but it was clear from her sister's behaviour that she didn't like us.  She wasn't shy about rather having Miss Cushing in a nursing home.  Hopefully out of care for her older sister's wellbeing, but of course I suspect she mainly wanted the house sold.  The value has increased over the years, even if they'd probably need to do some renovations, if they were to put it on the market.  And we'd surely get kicked out then.  She's never liked us.  Brian helped Miss Cushing out, constantly.  He thought her sister didn't like him being in Miss Cushing's good graces."
"Brian spent the whole week Miss Cushing was away pickling in her kitchen.  He was in bit of a frenzy with it, but I let him be, since it was my stupid idea to begin with.  He thought it was a neat solution.  I think it eased his conscience."
The moment Sherlock takes aim, John leans in to murmur in his ear, "Always know where the muzzle is pointing and never point it in an unsafe direction."
One afternoon, Sherlock sends John upstairs.
Rosie is always a step ahead of them despite her short legs, when she’s not lingering at something interesting, trailing behind.
“You mean how do I support myself now that I’m not living on people’s couches? Jesus John, that was twenty years ago. Do keep up.”
"Oh, shit!" says John, stumbling out from the bathroom in a rush, struggling to unlock the glass door to the garden.  The manager's voice continues from the other side of the door to the hallway.
A long-reaching promenade, Madeira Drive, demarcated by pale green railings and tall, ornate lamp-posts, follows the waterfront, with part of the walkway currently fenced off due to a ferris wheel being under construction.
“Don’t keep things from me, Sherlock. Promise me you won’t keep things from me again. Not important things, like this.”
“You were in rehab then? I didn’t know.”
"I might have had a stern word with him."
are wearing me out."
They've reached the landing.  "She said 'garden flowers', specifically.  How so?"  Sherlock opens the door.
her."
The kiss is slow and exquisite.  The outer world fades away and Sherlock goes weak in the knees at the soft press of lips.  He wants to luxuriate in the utter perfection, but it's all too vulnerable, too uncertain.  When John takes his hand, entwining their fingers, Sherlock needs to step away.  "Careful, John."
“Weaning is a gradual process, you can’t just full on stop without complications. It can take weeks, months, even years to complete.”
One of the larger seagulls takes aim on the boy and swoops down from behind him. It makes a smooth fly-over, its sturdy webbed feet scrabbling at the back of his neck, hurling the cap off his head.  It immediately gets caught in the wind, and predictably flies over the railing and down towards the water far beneath the pier.
John laughs. At least there’s one area where Sherlock is inadequate. Sherlock’s brow furrows in confusion.
“God, Sherlock, if you could have seen yourself! You were
Those words had felt like a punch to the gut. As if Sherlock had always seen,
"No."  John shakes his head, licking his lips, trying to deny that Sherlock is spot on in his assessment of the situation.  "That's not... I don't... it's not like that!"
“I bet that would be frowned upon,” John says. “Not by me,” he adds, tentatively.
Her words seem to have a sobering effect on Sherlock.
*Phone call 2:30 am*
“Has been shot, I’ve just been informed,” Mycroft said briskly and he was not oblivious to the looks he was getting. “His husband too, if I understand correctly.”
“So you still would like to be friends even though I am not…well…” she stammered and Joan took pity on her.
“It’s just a matter of simply math, figuring the trajectory,” Sherlock excused, looking around, and then someone applauded.
“He does experiments with me out of school,” Sherlock said from his armchair, sounding offended despite not bothering to look up from John’s medical journal.
“What do you assholes want?” Joan bit off and Sherlock froze, nervous she’d done something before realizing this was a joke, they were all joking. This was friendship then.
“Dunno,” Sherlock watched Joan lie. Joan had never lied to her before, not like that, so boldface. Why was she lying? Joan had said she didn’t want to go alone because of the personal nature of the meeting- was she ashamed of what she wanted to talk about? Uncomfortable sharing? Sherlock had no experience in this but that seemed a reasonable reason to lie. She’d lied to Joan last week for the very same reason- to spare Joan’s feelings and to keep hidden something she felt uncomfortable sharing.
“No piano and no violin,” he asserted. “Nothing you guys already play.”
Chloe was standing by the taxi drivers when Hamish came out, waiting for him with a little white sign that spelled his name out in glittery letters. The nineteen-year-old grinned widely the whole walk to her and then dropped his luggage handle so they could hug.
“So I’ve been told,” he said modestly.
“Oh should I?” Joan teased as Mycroft flushed right there in their kitchen, the edges of his cheeks nearly matching his hair.
to the theater so you wouldn’t be alone?” Sebastian guessed and he practically roared with laughter.
John’s footsteps were ever recognizable, slow and steady on the stairs, accompanied by the rapid thudding of much tinier feet.
“I need an oxygen tank and four CCs of Saline,” John yells as he runs from the helicopter into base next to the gurney. He’s got his hands on some kid’s chest, staunching the bleeding as best he can. And it’s a kid really, no older than nineteen.
-call disconnected-
“Fine,” Sherlock brushed off, trying to control the urge to rub his sore back.
“The water is gonna eat me!” Hamish had insisted.
One day, John walked onto the rugby pitch for practice to find the stands empty. He ran to the front of the school in time to see Sherlock get into a black car, followed by a tall, ginger-haired man with the same cheekbones.
“It’s just-“ John made sure to look the taller boy in the eye. “Is he still married?”
“Forms in your bag, clean sneakers but it’s a Monday, and the ink on your palm is from the pen his secretary uses- it’s a very distinct fountain pen she got as a gift,” she ranted off and Joan just beamed at her.
“Sherlock, I want you-“ John tried to choke out and was cut off as he moaned again, Sherlock’s talented fingers,
“I got him. Stay here,” John instructed and he set off down the hall after his small son. It hardly took a detective to find the four-year-old crying underneath Greg’s desk. He was sniffling as John came in but as soon as he caught sight of his father, he began to bawl as though his tiny heart was breaking.
“How romantic,” John laughs, climbing into bed. “Now go get undressed so we can scandalize your brother.”
“I’m sure,” Sherlock said dryly and John let out a giggle. He stopped suddenly and brightened, as though his by an idea like a cartoon lightbulb above his head.
“When Mycroft?”
“No,” John said honestly, not breaking his gaze. “I have my eye on somebody else.”
“If he didn’t have a mistress, then who was he sending that jewelry to?” Sherlock puzzled, eyes unfocused.
They snuck into the house without alerting either of the mums. John took Sherlock upstairs to the bathroom, to check over his wounds. Mycroft went with them up the stairs but after a curt nod from John, he separated and headed towards his room.
I adore you.
“Of course love,” John smiled against the top of Sherlock’s head, threading fingers through his hair. “But it’s late. We’ll cuddle at home, promise.”
“Remember I spoke to you a few weeks back about that career fair-“
“It’s lovely,” Sherlock said, and meant it. Whereas her and Mycroft’s apartment was a bit bigger, they at least had their own bathroom, Joan’s home was obviously ‘nicer.’ It was full with soft, worn couches and chairs, with wooden drawers pushed against the wall and throw blankets littering every surface. It looked like a home people lived in.
“Oh hey, baby,” Joan murmured, moving up the bed to kiss at Sherlock’s shoulder. “What’s wrong, what did I do?”
“We’ll have to increase boxing lessons to twice a week,” he mused. “And your father will teach you shooting-“
Sherlock laughs, and it’s meant to be bruising. “No, you’re all I have,” he says. “And you’re still over there.”
,” Sherlock excused but John just raised one eyebrow.
“Sigh my name like that. Like it’s the best thing you’ve ever said.”
“What’s our plan for today?” Joan asked as they sat across the kitchen table from each other, both making steady headway into Joan’s breakfast masterpiece. “It’s officially Christmas break, and I believe I promised you some soil collection.”
-call disconnected-
“Yeah, that too. Fuck the man,” she agreed. “Right now though Marcie and I have something big we wanna do. So Title IX, which just passed, guaranteed complete and total educational equality, including athletics. We wanna get Bushwick to start a women’s soccer team.”
“You’re such an American,” Hamish laughed, pushing her right back. “Even your accent’s nearly gone.”
John sighed, lowering himself to one knee so they were eye-to-eye. ”Because Daddy and I are going on a little holiday for three days and that’s too long for Nana Hudson to watch you,” he explained for the fifth time that week.
There was a beat before a few girls at the front roared, “Fucking A!” and the room echoed it.
“I know,” Joan said, walking closer to her, “I was wrong, I know. It was wrong, Sherlock, I’m so sorry-“
-message deleted-
But he had John next to him and he simply held him, letting himself collapse into the older boy’s embrace.
Sherlock didn’t notice she was crying until Joan crouched down on the filthy subway floor to take her hands and whisper, “Shhh love, it’s alright,” as Sherlock wept and sobbed and let her head sink down into the curve of Joan’s shoulder in front of her. Joan reached around her back and rubbed just there, between her shoulder blades, as Sherlock cried into the leather of Joan’s jacket.
“Be careful, Sherlock,” John said gently after Connie Prince, after everything exploded in their faces. They were sitting on the sofa, Sherlock’s head in his lap, as John combed through his curls with lazy fingers.
“I really ought to find Joan,” she said with a start, she hadn’t thought of Joan for a good twenty minutes, and Cammy didn’t look surprised.
her somehow, so pleased with her. “And you should ask Mycroft about LalaBean.”
“Everything-“ John begged, pulling at his trousers. “Take everything off. I want to see you- want to fucking
“Marie?” Sherlock asked, turning to John.
Mycroft chided him. “Go talk to the boy.”
Watson. She wasn’t a dyke or anything like that. Joan was just…cool. She was bad. She listened to The New York Dolls and Suicide and hung out with the girls who skipped school and spray-painted slogans on the brick wall outside. And yet, she was a total paper shaker. She turned her homework in on time and tutored some of the eight graders and she never once pushed anyone in the halls.
“Well aware,” Mycroft said, turning around to head inside.
“And Cynthia, I’m sure you don’t mind staying with me?” Victoria checked and Cynthia nodded. “Well then, three double rooms, one night.”
“I remembered you asked me once, when we were still kids, to draw the pictures I trace on your skin when we kiss,” Sherlock explained, suddenly nervous. “It’s not much-“
to see you there. Both of you,” she added with a smile at Sherlock and then disappeared into the crowd.
“Come on, Sherlock,” John urges, pulling on a coat. “We should get going.”
It’s John’s turn to smile, a conniving smile that, should he have had a mirror, he would have been horrified to see on his own face.
“Not really,” he tried smiling. “It’s a dual program. I’ll be mostly in the medical tent. May never see combat.”
“It’s a little unbelievable to be honest,” she started, trying a smile. It didn’t quite suit her- Sherlock appreciated that. “We had just about given up, had started looking into foster care, when this tip came in from an anonymous source telling us to look in Florida. Even gave us a town, it was like our research was done for us.”
do family trips,” John reminded him. “You do now.”
He was in the den, pacing on the phone, when Anthea brought the boy in.
“Most people don’t take it very well,” Sherlock admitted, his eyes never leaving his hands.
“That was when I learned to handle a cock, if you were curious,” he offered offhandedly and John was filled with the sudden desire to track down all of Sherlock’s dealers and beat the living shit out of them.
“I did not, thank you for telling me love,” and there was no sarcasm in John’s voice, the sarcasm Sherlock had grown accustomed to when he told people of the little things he noticed, not like who had cheated on who and who had killed someone but who invented marmalade and the origin of Greek letters.
Mycroft was sitting at his desk when Anthea ran in. That was the first sigh that something was wrong, Anthea never ran anywhere. She met his gaze across his desk and she was flustered. That was the second sign.
“He’s eight; too young to ruin the illusion,” he insisted but Hamish only beamed at him from his safe perch in his uncle’s arms.
“Your sign came out the nicest of anyone’s,” Joan pointed out, nodding her head to where it lay on the table.
“Oh for goodness sakes Sherlock, what did you do?” he chided, voice placid and even, but Sherlock spotted the terror that flitted across his eyes.
“We can still-“ John tries and doesn’t finish, but the message is clear. We can still fuck, but then I go upstairs and you sleep alone. Like always.
“Teach me how to shoot,” Hamish offered. “We can drive up to the countryside tomorrow and we can work with the Sig.”
“Has nothing to do with this,” Moriarty insisted. “Unless you keep protesting. In which case-“
The kids were ridiculously adept at rafting considering how young they were and John had to laugh at how miserably he failed to move his paddle correctly. Sam leaned over to show him and John ruffled his hair, whooping as they went over a large wave.
Sherlock interrupted by clearing his throat loudly and holding out a fingerprinting kit in his outstretched hands. Hamish snatched it up without a word. John gave him a stern look meant to remind him of his manners classes and Hamish acquiesced.
“That is a fabulous idea,” John praised as Hamish preened and Sherlock looked murderous. “To St. Bart’s then?”
And then everything went white and Sherlock collapsed as Mimi asked Rodolfo for a match and John kissed him quietly as Italian filled the bathroom and Sherlock heard himself whispering,
she feel towards her friend- the closest one she’d ever had? Admiration obviously, Joan was hard not to be impressed by. Appreciation, yes, deep regard as well if she wanted to be perfectly frank. Sherlock hated most touch and yet she welcomed Joan’s, pressed into it, missed it when it left. She hated most small talk and “chatter” and yet she could listen to Joan talk about soccer or music for hours and find herself honestly enjoying it.
“Let’s get him home,” his Papa pushed, rounding them up, and his Daddy did not set him down, but instead only hoisted his up a little higher and followed after his husband.
But Hamish just shook his head, not one for vague philosophies. “Just wait till you hear the end,” he promised, running back to his stand to pencil in another note.
John’s breath hitched. “Wouldn’t dream of it,” he murmured and Sherlock grinned wickedly.
he let himself breathe out as the piece became calm, utter peace and safety and John let out a tiny gasp. He let himself get lost in a swirl of notes, following the pitch, lower and lower, in a spiral. That was why he loved to play. Few things cleared his mind so starkly. Heroin was one. John was another.
Sherlock looked at him, eyes blown and skin pale and sweaty. “I interrupted you,” he said softly.
“And I am yours,” John whispered back, as Sherlock reached down between them the stroke John off, long, languid strokes meant to pull him closer.
“It feels like-“ Sherlock struggled to explain, for once in his life utterly lost for words, and John kissed him again.
But that was how Hamish found himself on the doorstep of a flat in Bath two weeks later. He’d sat on his bed, staring at the phone number John had given him for hours until he'd gave up and decided he was better off just visiting unannounced.
What’s he thanking me for?
Both children nodded sagely and Sherlock released Hamish’s hand, freeing them to run amok. Which they did, professionally. With a weary sigh, Sherlock wandered over to the aforementioned bench where he sank down and watched the two children run wild.
Sherlock nodded and then the pain was like nothing he ever felt before, ramrod hot and twisting and he couldn’t
“Ah, overstimulation much?” John asked and Sherlock nodded meekly. “Don’t worry, it gets better with practice.”
“Lied, yes,” Sherlock said, his teeth leaving purple marks on John’s skin.
Sherlock couldn’t help it; he laughed. Hamish looked at him, confused, until Sherlock controlled himself and reached forward to ruffle his son’s hair fondly. “I won’t tell him,” he promised, stroking Hamish’s cheek with his thumb. “You are being very kind.”
“Now cross your ankles and hold your life vest, “ Sherlock instructed and James went down with a loud cry.
,” she giggled. “It’s so cliché.”
“You didn’t just think it was ‘just transport’ last night,” John reminded him, grinning wickedly and Sherlock blushed.
Hamish heard his Papa come back in and picked his head up minutely. “I didn’t break any of the rules,” he argued preemptively but John waved him away.
Mycroft said nothing for a long moment before squeezing her shoulder for the briefest moment and pulling back. “Invite her over sometime,” he said and Sherlock let out a breath she hadn’t realized she’d been holding.
“I got personal. Apparently you’re not supposed to get personal with hookups,” John confessed and Mary eyed him carefully. John had always been blunt with his feelings, not one to keep many secrets, and he knew it was a philosophy that served him well when Mary spoke.
Sherlock wanted to say, wanted to make clear, but Mycroft had warned him about that too. Mycroft had been the first to know, he’d found that magazine Sherlock had stashed under the bed
she said, partially just to watch Mycroft’s face pale with shame.
beautiful, you know,” he praised, rubbing against Sherlock at just the right angle that had the younger boy arching up for more contact.
“He’ll be down soon,” the teen said, getting up. “We’ll get your kids into the water as soon as they’re ready.”
TW: violence, swearing, blood (just a little)
Joan fished a flashlight out of her bag and clicked it on before asking, “Your old school? I didn’t know you switched here. Where did you used to go?”
“Where’s your Daddy?” John asked, turning back to the dishes.
“Alright, alright,” she backed off and the table laughed. “Anyway, there we were, when this lovely looking woman and her own son, just turned three, walked by,” she said, glancing at Mycroft who remained silent.
Mycroft paused, gathering his thoughts. There was a way to go about this and, as he so often did with his nephew, Mycroft felt out of his depth. It was a novel feeling. “Do you know Hamish, that your grandmother was once quite the celebrity?”
“The boy’s parents are fighting for their lives; perhaps he would be best-“
"You daft git," John grinned, rolling them over and straddling the genius himself. "How did you know?"
*phone call 12:51 am*
“You do the last bit,” John smiled indulgently, stripping off his own jeans and throwing them onto the same rock as their shirts. “I like watching that bit.”
Sherlock had rushed into the living room with everyone else and took a moment to find Joan in her own apartment. The blonde had ended up closer to the record-player on the other side of the room, but she looked up as soon as Sherlock found her, as if feeling Sherlock’s eyes on her skin. Sherlock’s heart was beating fast against her ribcage and, without intending to, one of her hands came down to cup the small of her stomach through her shirt.
John was being about the whole thing. He’d sat through Sherlock’s terrible attempt with just a grimace and since then hadn’t even bothered to ask. It wasn’t
Sherlock goes back to work, he has to. There’s rent, and bills and they need to be paid. John waves him goodbye, makes him bagged lunches like a housewife. Looks for locum work in the wanted ads. Cleans the flat. Cooks. Sherlock pretends he doesn’t love it, doesn’t love having John home and safe and his because John is miserable.
“Shit,” he said out loud. “Of course he’s a lightweight, why would I even believe him- Mary?”
There wasn’t anything special about the day. It was Thursday which meant Sherlock had double chemistry and Joan ostensibly had calculus but had skipped it like most of the other seniors, so they’d gone to find each other after class. Joan had wanted to check in with the dyke squad about a party they wanted to throw before the last week of class and Sherlock had waited for her, making small talk with Marcie, before Joan had caught her hand in her own and they’d walked the six blocks over to Joan’s little apartment.
“Look, I know what happened. He told me. I get you were drunk, but don’t you ever let it happen again, okay?”
” Sherlock breathed and then John dropped in front of him, hands working at his trousers.
” Sherlock gasped, surprised at the sensation.
” Sherlock protested.
“So,” Sherlock asked as John adjusted them to their usual positions, settling Sherlock against his chest. “Are we even?”
“Not that that’s a problem,” John said quickly, taking Sherlock’s hand. “It’s just you. I wouldn’t want to change you.”
It shocked Sherlock to realize that if John rolled on top of him right now, he wouldn’t fight.
“Mr. Humperdink?” Mycroft checked. “You mean the former bear spy, Mr. Humperdink?”
Sherlock was sitting Harry down on a chair. As John came in, he looked up and nodded. John took it as a sign to stand next to Harry and put a comforting hand on his shoulder.
Sherlock slips it on, the first piece of real jewelry he’s ever owned. “It’s perfect,” he promises, kissing John senseless.  John moans happily into his mouth and dislodges him.
“How do you know so much about growing up?” he asked.
“I’m old Sherlock,” John said gently, aware of what held him back. “I am ever so much more than twenty. I grew up a long time ago.”
“Molecule,” Sherlock amended from his seat by the microscope and Hamish nodded.
He’s come to terms with all of them, he really has. He can live with being stood up, forgotten, blue-balled and ignored. But he refuses to believe the last one is true. He refuses because, if it is, he may very well self-immolate.
They were pressed so close together; Sherlock could feel the brush of Joan’s breasts through their sweaters; could feel the heat of her palm on the small of her back. Sober, ever-affectionate Joan still was never this close but now, drunk and high, Joan seemed content to put all of herself in Sherlock’s space, smothering her in hands and the soft planes of her body. Sherlock felt overwhelmed but not trapped, found herself unconsciously pushing back into the firm press of Joan’s hands.
John bit his lip to keep from cursing. “Yes baby, we are. Did you need something?”
“I never paid you back for last night,” Sherlock smiled wickedly. “All that teasing you put me through. I think you should be punished.”
“-and here are some sandwiches,” John continued, handing a small, foil-wrapped, package to his husband. “And you have the snacks I gave you.”
John had never told her of their childhood nicknames for each other and yet she knew instinctively, as one who has grown up with fairy tales knows when they are standing before one’s own eyes.
Sherlock shook her head, glancing down at her hands. Her cuticles were chewed to the quick, nervous pedestrian habit, and they nauseated her too. Their bloody lives nauseated her. “I’m going in early,” she said. “It seemed to work best in avoiding the assailants last year.”
“Yes,” Sherlock panted back, hands coming down to work at John’s shirt, pulling it over his head.
Sherlock and John sat close together on the couch, watching Hamish with twin deductive faces the eighteen-year-old wasn’t even sure they were making deliberately. He tried to sit up straight in his father’s borrowed armchair and smile but he was pretty sure he only managed a grimace.
He felt his papa tense under him. “Daddy’s coming, love. He’ll be here in a few minutes. Now let Papa see your hands.”
“And we’re back online folks.”
“I’m a master at manipulation, John. I’m sure I can figure out a plausible reason why the imaginary man in the poles cannot bring Hamish a sibling,” he reminded him.
Joan nudged her back with a small smile. “I’m trying to be. The protest was beautiful though, wasn’t it?”
“Thank you, Mycroft,” his brother-in-law was saying, every syllable dripping with true warmth. “We cannot thank you enough.”
“Panic attacks, nightmares, rages?” she supplies and he nods, dumbly. “Oh love, let me make you some tea.”
“Wow,” he whispered, watching with wide-eyes as tourists streamed in and out of the shops. “I feel like I’ve stepped into the books.”
Sherlock stared back into Joan’s eyes, caught and overwhelmed herself and felt- “like this? Like how we are right now, my body feels so- full-” she stammered out, just to watch Joan’s pupils dilate further than she thought they could go.
“Harriet,” Sherlock clarifies. “It’s clear from your shoes she’s no better. Put her in rehab.”
And he got to relish his Da’s face of pure shock as he padded out of the gym and into the showers.
“Hi, welcome to the New York Radical Feminists meeting. I’m Marta, where are you guys from?” a slight, Hispanic woman asked them, several sign-up sheets in front of her.
Those words alone sent Sherlock back into pleasure, John sliding in and out of him, hitting that small bundle of nerves over and over again and he was still so sensitive from John’s mouth and he could feel it build, like fire growing hotter.
*phone call 8 pm*
Uncle Mycroft’s office seemed more menacing than usual as the cab pulled up in front of it. Anthea was at the front desk and at the sight of them she seemed to freeze.
“You don’t think I’ll make time for him?” Sherlock demands, angry.
“Fine,” John sighed, turning on his husband. “Would you like a pudding cup?”
Riley stood at the front of the group and Molly and Sherlock stood behind him, quiet. Molly smiled at some of the girls and they waved back, enthusiastic. Sherlock’s eyes seemed to find John almost immediately before pointedly looking away.
Just giving you all fair warning- I most probably will not be putting up a new chapter for the next two weeks. This week I have a work thing in Toulouse and next week I have a family thing in Atlanta (I'm headed back to the states! So happy :] )
“Lovely people,” she said happily. “And Sherlock, if you’re going to engage in such pedestrian behavior, have the decency to wear a higher collar,” she instructed, shooting the bruises along Sherlock’s collarbone an offended glance.
“We can’t have sex for the first time to
“I don’t
And because he really, really, wants just
“After he left, my father got to punish me the way he always wanted,” Sherlock spoke to the blankets. “It started with just slapping, and hitting and at some point, maybe four or five months after Mycroft went away, it became sexual punishment. I think that was what he’d always wanted from me, but he still built to it to where it felt like the next logical step. Soon it didn’t matter if I was getting in trouble at school or not. It was constant.”
Sherlock opened his mouth to correct the toddler but John shook his head vehemently and he changed courses. “Not important,” he brushed off instead. “The point is that swimming is something you should know how to do.”
“I’ll go slowly,” John promised, carefully slicking his fingers and then his index finger was circling Sherlock’s perineum. The two boys locked eyes as John slid one finger into Sherlock and the younger boy hissed.
It was clear Hamish was lost, but he complied in taciturnity. “What are you doing Sunday?” Sherlock asked conversationally.
“He’s just finishing a project, he’ll be right down,” Sherlock answered the unasked question.
Sherlock shrugged. “I am a genius,” he pointed out and John kissed him, chaste and soft, on the lips.
“Then you have nothing to compare it to,” Victor says. “No control group. What kind of experiment only uses one test subject?”
“John is the most common name in the Western Hemisphere,” Sherlock noted but John didn’t care.
“We only have a few minutes,” Sherlock said quickly, and then his cold hands were under John’s shirt, brushing against skin. “The staff patrols behind the dining hall every half hour.”
“Sherlock, breathe. We have a whole summer,” John promised and both boys could hear the unsaid promise of
John sighs, defeated. He doesn’t look 23. He looks eighty. “You can’t just exercise PTSD dreams away, Sherlock. Besides, my leg-“
“Oh shut up,” Sherlock smirked and John moved to kiss that smirk off the genius’s face when they heard a sound on the stairs. Both men turned their head to find Hamish standing there in his fire truck pyjamas, rabbit in hand.
“He was running away,” Sherlock shrugged.
“As much as the moon?” Hamish pressed and John nuzzled his nose.
“What do you want Sherlock?” John called out, rubbing at his eyes.
“I haven’t taken any drugs and no one is pregnant!” he yelled.
They swam back to shore and quietly collected their clothes, pulling them on over wet bodies. John handed Sherlock back his wet bathing suit and Sherlock took it with a wink that left John thoroughly confused. Wet and squishing, they made their way back up the road and Sherlock walked John to his bunk.
“When do you leave?” Sherlock asked once they’d thoroughly snogged.
“Tell Anderson to call a cab,” he instructed and Sherlock nearly screamed. “We need to go to Uncle Mycroft’s.”
. Then again, she had tried to kiss him. John threw back his drink and Sherlock followed, wincing at the taste. John had taken his inexperience into account and there wasn’t much in the cup but it stung all the same.
, and he spits on me. Hits me right in the face and then he bleeds out my arms.”
Never in Sherlock’s life had breathing been so magically less boring.
John nodded. The camp liked its entire staff to be in bed by one, so they’d have the energy to deal with their kids in the morning. “I’ll just have to run and pray,” John shrugged and Mike only shook his head at him, eyes still wide.
“Hullo,” she whispered, small hand snaking out to clutch at Sherlock’s extended fingers. John was vividly reminded of how she’d clung to Sherlock’s jacket not two hours earlier as he’d carried her from the rubble. “I don’t like it here.”
“Do you even
John was silent. There was absolutely nothing he could think to say to this man, forced to play father before he was ready, only to think himself a failure.
“Your brother is still sleeping with the DI, right?” Jim checked and Sherlock’s silence was enough. “Perfect. Now come, let’s take a walk.”
“Awwwww, tiny Sherlock feeding ducks.”
“If I didn’t tell her, I could leave today,” Joan sang right over her protests and she dragged her off the couch and twirled her around. “Californa dreamin’ on such a winter’s day.”
“I have someone who could drive us into town,” Sherlock offered lazily, lying on John’s bottom bunk, fingers playing idly with the chicken-wire of the bed above. “We could go to the cinema.”
loud,” Sherlock insisted.
Sherlock tented his fingers beneath his chin, thinking hard. He’d said he could handle it and by Newton he would. He’d just tackle it like a case. “Has she displayed any signs of returned affection?” he asked.
Eventually, Joan let go of her hand with a squeeze and got up to turn the record over. The first song on the B side was a soft number played out in synthesizer and hand-picked guitar before it changed. Joan looked at her from across the room, just in her underwear and an unreasonably fond expression on her face as she hummed along.
The interviewer walks in and freezes. “Bless my soul, John Watson?”
Do you guys know what's coming tomorrow? Take a guess. Go on, I dare you ;)
“Is this a limo?” John asked, sliding into the back. The seats sat circularly with a space in the middle for legs and a TV was mounted against the back of the car, showing news.
Sherlock reached up with long fingers to pull out a flower.
“Oh you don’t want me testifying about your character.”
“Last night, or this morning if you will,” Mycroft says and then, gently, “He’s still alive.”
He had hated to play. Father had made them, on one of his whims, and he’d hated it. Mycroft had chosen piano and Sherlock hated the prat for the way his fingers, thin as a boy of eight, had caressed those keys and earned him half smiles from their impassive father.
“Well, you’re very loyal very quickly,” she laughed and Sherlock just glared at her. After a beat, she raised her hands in mock surrender. “I don’t want anything with your pixie prom queen; criminal’s honor. And besides, I’m one of the good guys now.”
Best not.
Either way, I'll see you all soon! Kisses- Shay <3
Yeah, she’s hardly touched her phone the whole night.
Domestic, warm. Un-chartable.
“Excellent suggestion,” he bristled and Lestrade led them to the conference room, pretending not to notice as John threaded his fingers through Sherlock’s, squeezing down reassuringly.
“I know,” Brendan says and moves to ask who he is, but Sherlock is already gone, leaving Jane to explain.
“There’s always
“Yes it is, don’t touch them,” Sherlock instructed, sitting up. “And don’t change the subject. Now sit down with me. I am perfectly capable of helping you with anything you’d need your Father for.”
“Where the hell are you going?” John shouted at him, refusing to chase after the idiot.
out of the bunk. John couldn’t decide between tackling him right then and there and strangling him or straddling him. Instead, he pocketed his wallet and ran after the teen, cursing under his breath.
“Yes, but if there was a score card hypothetically,” Sherlock tried again, “would we be even?”
“Sherly, you’re coming too? Bitchin,” she cackled, and Sherlock tried a smile back. “Let’s fucking bail,” Marcie called out and the herd moved south towards the train station.
“Her name is Joan,” Sherlock volunteered softly and Mycroft didn’t move, both of them staring forward into the mirror and still not making eye contact. “She’s a year above me. We solve crimes together when we’re bored.”
John ran down, following the music as it got louder and louder, before he found himself surrounded by the rest of the Camp Baker staff. Someone handed him a coke can and he’d taken one sip before he saw someone wave at him across the sand.
position in government, Hamish must has exaggerated it in his head.”
“Victor wants to meet you,” he tells John as they sit in the back of the cab, wrapped in each other. “I invited him over for tea later.”
He almost didn’t notice his own hands which had crept up and were running up and down the pale boy’s thin arms, eliciting small moans and smaller goosebumps. He didn’t notice until they ran over four small bumps and his brain caught up with him.
John was awoken in the morning to the sound of one of his kids puking their guts out.
get off on the possibility of his kids being scarred for life by the sight of their counselor and a lifeguard pressed against each other but his rather treacherous cock was happily declaring just the opposite. With a self-satisfied smirk, Sherlock reached down to wrap one hand around both of them, aided by the soapy water, and John saw stars.
“I may have just created a monster,” Sherlock said, turning to John with huge eyes.
John stretches. “Shite, we were supposed to do something nice,” he groans, kissing Sherlock back.
“I just want you to be careful is all,” Mycroft continued, politely ignoring Sherlock’s shame. “You finally have a friend, and I wouldn’t want-“
“It is suspicious,” Sherlock agreed and Joan turned off the water, reaching out to grab her towel before padding out to find her clothes.
They don’t sleep but spend the night tussling in bed, Sherlock shrugging out of a chokehold, a tackle, a body slam, until John’s satisfied. Sherlock tries a kiss in one hold and John kisses him back and they snog as they wrestle, desperately hopeful.
“He loves you,” Joan whispered but Sherlock waved it away. It made the rest of the story harder.
“He’s okay, just a little shaken up,” his Papa whispered and Hamish reached his arms out from inside his orange cocoon.
“You wanna do the Dragon Challenge again?” she dared and Hamish held his hands up in surrender.
“Yeah,” John ghosted out, trying out a laugh. “But I’ve always been terrible about rules.”
“Yeah fuck, just like that,” Joan whispered, bending back down to take Sherlock’s mouth in her own, kiss her until they were both starving for it. “Exactly like that, so-so heavy, oh my god, Sherlock.”
Hello my lovelies! I'm afraid I have some bad-ish news. I'm doing Camp Nanowrimo, so I'm going to be a little crazy for the next month. Don't worry, the series isn't ending, nor is it going on hiatus. But these every-days posts are ending for a bit.
Happy Holidays, my darlings :)
“You need to understand,” John started softly, almost silent against the heavy rain. “My dad was my hero, all through elementary school. He taught me to kick a ball, took me for ice-cream, nursed me through my first crush.”
He wouldn’t have noticed them, wouldn’t have paid them the slightest bit of attention, if Sally had never spoken to him. But she had and now his brain readily supplied the unwanted images of Sherlock poised with a needle to his arm, sharp and stark and his breath caught in his throat as his fingers froze on Sherlock’s arm.
Sherlock opened his mouth to offer to play John the song on his violin when the door burst open and both boys instinctively reached for the covers, despite the fact they were both respectably dressed in pajamas
“No, no, I’m fine, promise,” Hamish assured as his father ignored him and set to looking for bruises and cuts. “They just sort of flung this at me and I figured I’d keep it cause we need new blankets after Da burned that last bunch in the fleece experiment. I’m okay, they never touched me.”
“-and after everything you said to me last year Mycroft! You held my hand while I came out, why can’t you do it too?” Harry’s voice trembled.
“Thank you for the very nice birthday present,” he answered politely, smoothing down his new scarf, and Sherlock bent over to kiss his head. Hamish reached up to grab his father’s head and manhandled Sherlock so he could whisper in his ear.
. “I was wondering if you could help me re-enact a crime scene I want to study.”
Mike looked at them, confused. “So what do you guys call each other?” he asked.
John was grinning like an idiot now and he did not care. “So this whole time you…Jesus. Sherlock, why didn’t you say anything?”
“What are you hummin, anyway?” she asked, spooning something into bowls, oh it was macaroni tonight, and coming over to curl across from her on the couch.
Harry’s not texting Mycroft.
She nodded at Joan who was sitting to her left and Joan cleared her throat over the din of the whole room talking and laughing at the same time. “Hi, I’m Joan. I’m a student at Bushwhick High.” She nudged Sherlock with her shoulder.
“That was rather the point,” she explained without explaining at all and John could only blink at her.
“Twenty-two!” Hamish informed him. “One for the whole class- even the boys.” He considered this commitment a second and then recanted. “Well, with no kissy stickers on the boys’ cards. Cause I don’t wanna kiss any of the boys.”
“Of course; what’s going on?” he asked and Hamish cleared his throat. He was prepared this. There was no reason to be nervous.
“Yeah, I have.”
Joan’s room was a box but, again, it felt warmer than Sherlock’s slightly larger box at home. Bunkbeds took up most of the space, with the bottom one now serving as a bit of shelf space, and the floor was littered with magazines, papers, Joan’s combat boots and jean jackets and, somehow, more throw blankets. A small window looked out onto the alleyway between them and the building next door.
Sherlock looked at the bear contemplatively for a moment. It was a light soft brown, with big button eyes and neat stitching. Soft, cuddly, but hardly fragile.
“How’s your day off going?” Sherlock asked and John groaned, letting his head sink into the space between Sherlock’s neck and shoulder as the lifeguard stroked them both lazily and mercilessly under the cold water.
Sherlock smiled at the name. “This camp employed nearly everyone. And it’s clear your mother would want you both working, I can spot second-hand clothes from a mile away. Don’t be self-conscious, most people can’t. The only people this camp doesn’t hire are kids with drugs or alcohol problems. And, don’t take this the wrong way, but you don’t seem rich enough for drug problems. So drinking it is.”
“But we’re changing it!” Hamish informed him excitedly. “Da is helping me transpose and we’re composing a bit.”
What's this? Two chapters in two days? I just can't stay away from you guys ;)
John looked up, meeting his husband's eyes, and Hamish watched them have one of their infamous silent conversations- the bane of the Yard. Hamish would never be fluent, but he could, after decades in the Holmes-Watson household, do a rudimentary translation.
“Well you certainly can’t say it’s not more entertaining,” Sherlock offered and his fingers drifted higher, inches from where John was suddenly getting interested.
“Are we going to-“ Sherlock tried awkwardly and John shook his head, smiling lazily at him.
“Mycroft I’m so sorry, I know this is all my fault. I didn’t think he would-“
“See what?” Hamish asked, trying to peer around his father’s legs.
The lights went down and the movie started. It was a mystery of some kind, and John suddenly found himself enthralled. His kids however, weren’t nearly as excited and he spent the first twenty minutes just getting them to shut up and watch. By the time he’d settled back in his chair, the movie was near midway and there was a chair next to his.
“That was insane,” Chloe choked as they worked on the “feast” at the Hog’s Head. “I can’t believe you made me do that.”
“Sherlock, I’ll be the first to know when he lands. You’ll want to stay with me,” Mycroft tells him, but that’s not why he wants him to stay,
"Of course it's Annie, do you think I've suddenly sprouted another grandchild?" Sherlock berated but Hamish stood up to make the re-introductions.
“Don’t be,” he smiled. “Always nice to be appreciated.” And with that he went back to Sherlock’s mouth, biting down on Sherlock’s already swollen bottom lip and Sherlock whimpered. John broke off to trail kisses down Sherlock’s chest as Sherlock’s hands sought purchase in John’s curls and John stopped at the rather obvious bulge in Sherlock’s pants before resting against it and breathing in slowly.
Lestrade hesitated and Hamish read everything in that pause. “You called my parents,” he intoned, shocked. “You called my bloody parents and told them I was almost kidnapped!”
“What?’ he panted out, his heart hammering inside his chest, the blankets a sweaty mess around him.
“Is that it, love?” John pressed, willing himself to stay patient with his child.
in a project?” Sherlock corrected carefully, not even bothering to correct the misused cliché. In truth, mice could probably learn stealth tips from Mycroft. “What project?” he asked, coming inside.
“It’s not an insult, sister-mine.”
“Is he alright?” his Daddy called over and Hamish blinked sleepily.
“Me neither,” he breathed and Annemarie shook her head in amazement.
John thought but he pushed it aside.
“You’ll see them at Christmas.”
Mycroft was not like his brother, in that he kept a semi-regular sleep pattern and so soon enough, he was climbing into his larger bed. Distantly, he heard the beginning sounds of a thunderstorm and sighed and he lay back. It would be horrendously wet tomorrow and that meant hair puff levels of dismal proportions.
In April, when they had been together for four and a half months and it had become clear that Joan was never going to ask for it, was content to live her whole life just making out with Sherlock on the couch and holding hands under the lunch table, Sherlock finally brought it up.
“Hey,” John says, voice no more than a whisper, lips chapped.
Sherlock closed one eye and then loosed the arrow. It hit the board with a thunk and the surrounding families fell silent.
Sherlock pursed his lips. “I’ll try,” he promised, squeezing John’s shoulder, before running off. Mike, John noticed, had pointedly looked the other way when Sherlock came to their table. Biting back a grin, John asked Carl to pass the meat.
“Jesus Christ,” John startled from the jolt of both pain and pleasure and with a bang Sherlock slid off John’s lap and onto the bathtub floor, hitting it hard.
Sherlock eyed the height difference between them and John blushed. “They’re hand-me-downs,” John reminded him and Sherlock meekly followed John into his room.
“You too,” Sherlock said and was surprised to realize she meant it. She tended to think of all of them, the dyke squad, the soccer team, the feminist club, as Joan’s friends and her acquaintances by association but it appeared the line wasn’t so clearly drawn. She did spend most of her waking hours in company of some form or another with these girls, it stood to reason she’d somehow find herself with-
“John, good to see you,” the boy- Mike- yelled over the music. He turned and eyed Sherlock. “Who’s this?”
“Aside from that and bunker-building, what are we doing this weekend? Any cases on, my favorite detective?” Joan asked and Sherlock let a small smile slip.
"Good," Hamish smiled shyly, a pleased blush flitting across his cheeks. "We wanna try and go to France or something for a week after term. Pa'll be all for it but Da might be a bit harder to convince."
John felt crowded, back against the wooden wall. Rescue boards and lifeguard tubes stood on either side of him, and Sherlock loomed above him, eyes feral. He was still wet, lake water dripping off him in slow rivulets, and John felt far too hot.
“Which hospital?” he asked, tying his trainers.
“Imbeciles,” he muttered and of course, that was the moment Mycroft and Harry chose to return from their walk in the garden.
and said instead, “-looking at me like- like you do and I wanted to kiss you. Not for you, but for me. I wanted it.”
“Naturally, I was mortified,” Victoria said, smiling fondly at Cynthia. “I apologized profusely on Mycroft’s behalf.”
“He told me he was getting clean,” he whispered and Mycroft just shook his head and John realized where Sherlock learned his
you pervert. What have I created?” John said, horrified, and Sherlock laughed.
Chloe giggled and took Amelia’s hand with only a quick look back. “Uncle Locky?” she asked, and Sherlock shook his head.
Sherlock hooked one ankle behind the swell of Joan’s back and pushed up into the feeling, Joan positively encouraging her with her blunt nails firm against the back of Sherlock’s thighs and then suddenly Sherlock was cresting, hovering on the edge of something she could only express in quick, sharp moans that bit their way out of her mouth without conscious thought before finally, utterly splintering apart. She nearly cut through her tongue to keep from screaming out loud and Joan stayed down through it all, helping her twist and undulate through one and then a second, mouthing encouragingly at her folds when Sherlock’s thighs tightened around her head.
John hated Year One. He stood out, like he usually did, in his hand-me-down clothes and his unbrushed hair and general skinniness. But nobody teased him like they had in nursery because of
“How the hell did you manage that?” John asked, not really caring, as Sherlock loomed over him in the small tent before settling down to straddle him, still wrapped in his sleeping bag like a baby.
Chloe and Hamish played so nicely together, at first he didn’t notice the woman sitting next to him. An unforgiveable offence really, but he’d been so absorbed in watching Hamish help Chloe climb the jungle gym and then go down the slide together with her, giggling as they fell in a heap on top of each other.
“Who woulda thunk the great Sherlock Holmes would enjoy sentiment so much.”
And with that he took John’s hand and leaned down to kiss his cheek chastely. “I much prefer our way,” he whispered.
“Language, Sherlock,” John cautioned and Sherlock shut his mouth, glaring savagely at the party.
John registers the pain in his hand, puts two and two together. “Shit,” he curses, dropping down next to Sherlock. “Shit, please, let me see-“
“It’s common, isn’t it, for teenagers to feel like no one understands them,” Sherlock said, letting it fall like a sigh from his cupid-bow lips. “I am actually entitled to that prejudice. I am singular John, can you really tell me you have ever met anyone like me?”
“I’m Sherlock, also at Bushwhick- “
“You really are above average sometimes, John,” he encouraged and John kissed his forehead, holding him closer. The message was rather clear. They sat like that in silence for a few moments before Sherlock finished his story.
“I tried!” Mycroft yelled suddenly, shattering his calm. The car was silent as the older boy regained him cool and went on, unflustered. “I told him you weren’t fair game. He laughed.”
“Do you want to hear me say it Mycroft? Fine- you were right!” Sherlock nearly shouted, shaking. “Want to hear it again? You were-“
“Beethoven’s fifth,” Sherlock confessed, reaching over to take her bowl, just to hold something warm between her hands. She missed her violin with an ache; it had hardly fit in the one suitcase they’d packed in a rush the night they fled. It had soothed her mind in a way little else had.
“I didn’t realize it’d be so fancy,” he confessed, glancing around.
“Relax, I’m a lifeguard,” Sherlock reminded him, unconcerned. “Besides, you didn’t strike me as the type opposed to breaking a few rules.”
“I don’t know where he gets it from,” he sighed, scrubbing his face with his left hand. “His parents work with dangerous criminals and he’s scared of
Naturally, the spell was ruined the moment he was noticed. “Papa!” Hamish cheered, running over to hug him, and John kissed the top of his son’s ever-higher head wondering absently, as he always did these days, whether today would be the last time his pre-teen son let him kiss him so easily.
“I lived for when Mycroft came home, because then it would stop,” she confessed. “But I hated him too, for leaving, for not seeing what was going on, for not saving me. So I fought with him and I pushed him away and soon he stopped coming home. It was just the three of us in the house- my mother and her secrets, and my father and I. It might have stayed that way for years, long past 14, but then-“
“Wow, how was that?”
“You are so beautiful,” John said honestly, feeding Sherlock a strip of chicken. Sherlock captured the finger in his mouth and sucked, a part of his brain vaguely aware that a half-hour previously, said finger had been in his bum.
“You moan like a porn star, do you know that?” John urged, swimming in close enough that Sherlock could feel his breath on his face. “I just want to record you and play those noises over and over again while I touch myself all alone-“
“The boys were a wreck after they carted your ass out,” Sarah tells him, drinking her wine. “Came in to see me every day, ask how you were doing. Like any of us knew.”
Sherlock studies her a moment. “Single, recently divorced, mild drinking problem. Works with ink, either a secretary or a journalist. Secretary more likely, based on the price-range of her clothes. Two cats. Abhors Classical music.”
(See the end of the chapter for
but caught with nothing else to say that felt big enough, or ready in any way to hold all these pieces.
“We want to go to a waterpark!” Cynthia said excitedly and four empty faces stared back at her.
“Same back in my old unit,” she supplies, taking stock of her new equipment. “I suspect we’ll do just fine.”
"Really?" John asked excitedly.
“Sherlock?” Joan said and Sherlock met her gaze to find the blonde smiling and on the better side of high again. “I changed my mind, just shut up and dance with me.”
“I forgot,” Mycroft excuses with a shrug, heading into the kitchen to make himself tea as though that is the only logical response to two naked men on his couch.
“Dad, Pa, thank you so much for making time for this,” he appreciated and John smiled back effortlessly, easy love radiating off of him.
-call disconnected-
“But he has Papa,” Hamish pointed out, giggling at a candid of a five-year-old Sherlock in the bath, wet hair plastered up into a Mohawk.
“Perfect for you and Mycroft then,” Victoria said and that was the end of the discussion. One simply did not argue with Victoria Holmes when she used
“And that’s your mistake,” Sherlock said. “You can be comically caught off guard when all our good-luck crumbles; I prefer being prepared.”
“One hopefully slower than the other,” Joan nodded. There was a long beat where all they did was stare at each other, the air around them nearly crackling, before Joan offered up a small smile.
“Well, you’ll get them,” Mycroft encouraged. “You’re doing wonderfully in French. And History is all dates anyway. I can help you revise if you’d like-“
“Fairs are for children,” Sherlock sulked in the front seat of the Chevy. It was just around nine am and they’d been driving for over three hours.
“Tea?” Victoria asked in lieu of an answer and that was the end of that.
“Yeah, I’m also close,” Joan said, “Plus, I got two guns with me to protect myself,” she rolled back her sleeves to flex her, honestly quite impressive, biceps. Sherlock pushed her.
Here Sherlock clucked his tongue, bouncing Hamish a little to send him into giggles. “What is this nonsense about water monsters?” he pressed. “That would imply there are monsters in all water. Are there monsters in the bathtub?”
In terms of an evil lair, there was a lot to be desired in the room Moriarty brought Sherlock to.
“I confess, I didn’t expect to see you home until late tonight,” he mentioned, the Mycroft version of a question. Neither of them bothered to qualify why he’d think that; Sherlock knew she’d left an NYRF flyer peeking out of her bag as much as Mycroft knew to take that for the hint it was.
Sherlock sighed, a smile playing around his eyes. “To die would be an awfully big adventure,” he said and it was because John knew he meant it, and because John loved him, that he burst into tears, burying his head in Sherlock shoulder, soaking his thin hospital gown through.
He’d never kissed anyone before but John would be a wonderful first kiss, he’d show Sherlock where to put his hands, he wouldn’t laugh and
“You’re better than heroin,” the younger boy told him and John grinned sleepily at him.
,” Sherlock ranted, flinging his hands up in defeat, and John laughed.
“You’re not going to like it,” his uncle warned him.
Sherlock leaned over and kissed his temple. “Don’t worry, I’ll talk to him,” he promised.
“Accident or illness?” Sherlock prompted.
about that, holding on to your best friend’s hand while her tongue was down someone else’s throat but Sherlock wasn’t going to be the one to raise that issue.
it was invented by the Chinese in-“
Sherlock could have laughed. “I suppose so.”
“Then Moran will try and convince you,” Jim said calmly. “He may not be very good at elocution, but he is
“I’m your only uncle,” Mycroft reminded him and Hamish chuckled, gesturing to a waiter.
“Yes,” Sherlock said as John barked out a “No!” The two men glared at each other, locked in silent conversation, until John finally nodded and Hamish scampered upstairs.
“I’m not like him,” he protested weakly. “I’m not as smart as him or as fast as him. I’m a Watson. At Queen Mary’s, that’s all they’ll expect of me.”
“Sherlock can I just explain?”
“The clay pipe?”
“We can totally take a Bronx team!” one of the girls shouted and laughter accompanied her pronouncement along with some cheers and one boo.
“I don’t smoke,” she protested to his wordless insinuation and he arched an eyebrow in response. “But I am happy for you both.”
“Fuck!” screamed John, because Christ it
Sherlock surveyed the scene, the blood, and the bullet casings before getting up.
“Does everyone know?” he sighed and Mary laughed softly as Riley started speaking.
“I live with my brother. It, it just wasn’t the best fit for us to live with our parents.”
They eat, conversation flowing easily between the three. Sherlock is silent, picking carefully at his food and holding back unpleasant comments.
And then he left John alone in the parlor, two tickets to the Hampshire fair in his hand and a bad taste in his mouth.
was the one being torn to bits, “are mine.”
“I wanna hear,” Harry asked, also noticing Mycroft’s change of face and he shot her a murderous glare.
“I tried to be something stable for him, after our father left,” Mycroft said, not looking at John. “I often think I wasn’t enough.”
“Do you get it though?” Sherlock begged, his eyes latching onto those oceans. “Do you get why I can’t ruin this? Why I can’t afford to make a mistake? You ruined me John.”
“Tell Dad I’ll be a minute,” Annemarie said calmly, smiling at Hamish for a beat. “Say Hamish is here and I took him to talk in the study.”
“Did you see me, John?” he asked as soon as he surfaced and John gave him a big thumbs-up.
Sherlock laughed and Joan lit back up, bouncing forward to take Sherlock’s hands in hers. “I don’t mind when you deduce me, though,” Joan said, looking soft, and lovestruck, and a little mischievous. So Sherlock kissed her.
she thought as stripped and tucked herself into bed, reaching to turn out the light.
“I actually have to run to the bathroom; do you want to come with?” she asked but Sherlock shook her head. She understood by now that going to the bathroom with another girl was part of some sort of pack-bonding exercise but she didn’t think she was up for it right then. The bright lights and Joan making conversation- it might do her head better to sit in silence for a beat.
“Actually,” Chloe started, climbing in and starting the engine, “most of the world drives-“
“Joan,” the blonde practically fawned and Sherlock held a grimace in her cheek. “That’s Sherlock, we’re friends from school.”
Hamish watched his father sadly. "It was a good game," he said, just as soft, and he saw his father smile, still looking down the hallway.
“Which one?”
The two families sat around the table, laughing and eating the various courses the waiters brought out to the garden château. John and Sherlock sat next to each other, holding hands beneath the table cloth, and Sherlock had hooked his ankle around John’s, keeping him warm.
“Sherlock and I will probably stay home,” John confessed, leaning against the doorway. “We’re a bit knackered.”
“Oh, Hamish,” he nearly whispered and he sounded close to actual tears. Hamish saw Sherlock subtly take his husband’s hand and John held it before continuing. “We never meant to keep you from her. When you were little it was different; we didn’t want to confuse you on just who your parents were. But we never meant to make you think she was something you had to beg for-“
“Sherlock?”
“No I’m not, I’m being sensible and besides, it’s never good to meet your heroes-“
“I said, do you want them to drown?” Sherlock said, eyes settling somewhere near John crotch and the counselor swallowed. “Because there’s no way I’m watching the water with you here, in that.”
“The meeting, Sherlock, the big important planning one. Kelsie and Marcie are probably ready to murder us, I hope they left without us.”
“When she spoke to you, her hands were in her pockets- forced casualness. You can see a little flutter in her breathing, that means an elevated pulse rate. And her pupils dilated, just a bit, when she was staring at you while we were checking out,” Sherlock explained from memory, not even pausing to think.
“Me and Harry’s room,” Joan said, pushing in the only door inside the apartment. “Well, just mine now but Harry’s whenever she comes back.”
“Just a small one. Cammy will set you up,” she insisted, nudging Sherlock over to the counter where Cammy, a girl Sherlock recognized from various placed about school with kinky hair in a pleated dress, was mixing drinks from the mess of assorted alcohol before her.
“God, I know.”
Anthea giggled as Mycroft glared at the pair of them. “Careful Hamish, I’m old enough to be your mum,” she reminded him gently and Hamish looked scandalized, but for the wrong reasons.
her brain whispered softly at her and she felt everything she’d eaten that day, half an apple, most of Joan’s fries and the water she’d drunk earlier, teeming at the base of her stomach. Joan had no idea, no one seemed to, all caught up in planning and organizing with Joan-
“From a pipe in the wall-“ John had started but Hamish had cut him off with a wail.
Sherlock glared at him as his insides sang. Of all the compliments John ever gave him, that one topped. The ringing endorsement that he was doing this right, that he was raising a small human correctly. And now to decimate that trust.
“It would seem so,” Sherlock nodded just as John came back with drinks.
When the phone rang, it was almost a relief and John thought they might actually survive this intact.
“I figured you’d tell me when you wanted me to know,” John said simply.
Sherlock would have stayed in John’s bed another hour or day, trying desperately to compose himself and cataloguing the different smells of John’s pillow, if John hadn’t poked his head back in and asked, “Coming?”
to tell them. I just wasn’t sure if you minded.”
“See you,” Sherlock said and then they hugged for half a minute- a quick press of Joan’s chest against hers, a whiff of Joan’s shampoo
“You look radiant tonight,” Sherlock praised as they spun circles, music twirling around them.
John shouldn’t have worried. Hamish looked like Christmas had come early. “I get to have a sleepover for a whole bunch of days?” he repeated, not believing his luck. “That’s the bestest thing that’s happened to me this whole entire day!”
the internet told him dangerously and he wondered. Just how much would John tell him?
“I know the important things,” Sherlock insisted, growing angry.
“It’s fine,” he said, taking Sherlock’s hand. “Some people are just scared of things they don’t understand.”
“Please tell me that is not human intestine,” the sixteen-year-old begged and Sherlock nodded proudly.
until he realized it was anger.
“Well, we’re just gonna have to make it memorable,” he grinned and Sherlock found himself grinning back. John’s moods were contagious, and he often found himself emulating them, be they happy, sad, or boy-in-a-sweetshop excited.
Sherlock grinned at him, black hair beginning to frizz from the heat inside the small tent and John wanted nothing more to kiss him. “Because the sight of you opening up beneath me would be enough to make me come in my trousers if I don’t distract myself,” he explained, not a hint of shame, and John honestly wondered if he’d died. He didn’t wonder if he’d gone to heaven or hell, he had a feeling they’d both look like this.
He was back a minute later with Mr. Wiggins, the stuffed bear, and he presented it to her formally.
John ignored the question and let his eyes rove over to Sherlock’s violin case. “He could take music lessons,” he offered and he heard rather than saw Sherlock’s eyes light up.
“Just read it,” John advised, reaching into the cabinet for spices that hadn’t been corrupted.
“That is fantastic reasoning,” Sherlock said dimly.
It was quiet dark in the room but Mycroft could still make out the look of pure pity the boy shot him. “No one ever cuddled with you, Uncle Mycroft?”
“I don’t-“ John tried and failed as Sherlock kissed him, his mouth all tongue and teeth and it was several moments before John could speak again.
“Who can talk to him, the bulldog?” Sherlock asked, genuinely confused. “There are so many issues with that, mainly that a bulldog cannot speak to non-dogs and that he certainly wouldn’t conceptualize loneliness the same way-“
“Yeah, okay,” Sherlock says and it sits bitterly in his mouth. He has never hated himself as passionately as he does now.
“Goodnight,” Sherlock echoed, still staring at him, and John felt the same goose bumps line his skin at the thought of those brilliant eyes on him.
ask ‘you would have been fourteen a few years ago, or thirteen, isn’t that rather young for a drug habit?’ or anything so hateful as that.
“I shall miss you like a wound,” John retorted, squeezing the pale hand in his. “But we don’t have to say goodbye just yet. We still have three hours after the kids leave tomorrow, during cleanup.” Cleanup was the most-dreaded part of camp, cleaning the bunks after the kids had all gone home.
-call disconnected-
John couldn’t help looking at the man, still a kid really of only 22, with a mix of sympathy and worry.
John thought he understood the parameters of their relationship. They were friendly to each other in the light of day. All the other counselors knew bright, amiable John had somehow managed to crack the odd new kid’s shell and that they were friends. Sherlock stopped by their table in the dining hall some afternoons to say hi. John waved at Sherlock in the lake from the gazebo when his kids had swim. They went on trips to ASDA together. But they certainly weren’t
“You were just sleeping,” John pointed out, one eyebrow raised and Sherlock backpedaled.
“Now you have to finish Oliver Cromes,” James demanded and it was John’s turn to flush, smiling softly.
“I dare say he has,” John cried, close to hysterics. “This isn’t a game, Mycroft!”
“I’m calling 999,” George finally gave in and Harry nearly stopped short.
“Okay,” John said again. “But I’m going to need alcohol.”
“I want to keep an eye on you,” Joan said, biting her bottom lip in a nervous tic. “Just till Mycroft gets home. I know you don’t want me arou-“
“So why do you hate him?” Hamish asked, switching the mixer off and placing it in the sink.
“Hey Mike,” John smiled. “You remember Sherlock?”
John woke up the next morning feeling slightly groggy and quite a bit uncomfortable. It took him a minute to remember his stunning realization from last night, and then he smirked. It wasn’t as if he’d never liked blokes before, and besides, this was camp. Camp didn’t count, as a general rule.
“Don’t be ridiculous John,” he brushed off. “Now have you finished counting how many petrol stations there are between us and my parents?”
“Getting my strenuous exercise,” John said, not a bit out of breath,
“We should go,” he said and John nodded.
John leans against him, resting his head on Sherlock’s shoulder. “We’re a bit broken to be parents, don’t you think? Me with my PTSD, you with your lack of understand of human emotions.”
“Anthea, my darling,” he cooed, leaning on the table to swoon at her. “You’re looking absolutely ravishing; is that a new haircut?”
“Great, great. Glad we all agree,” she muttered. “Okay, let’s get started. Brainstorming first, and then Ellie is on deck to teach us some rad protest songs.”
“Great, now let’s see if you can learn the chorus,” Joan said before singing at the top of her lungs,” You can talk to me, you can talk to me-e; when you’re lonely you can talk to me!”
“Sherlock, my kids are not more than five meters away,” John hissed at him, but he didn’t move Sherlock’s hand. The genius seemed to take that lack of action as proof the counselor was enjoying this far too much and continued, leaving goosebumps up the inside of John’s thigh, touching everything except what begged to be touched.
24 days.
to him. He was under no obligation to tell John anything about his past; they were hooking up for goodness sakes, not married. And yet John couldn’t help the tremor of pure, white anger that rolled through him as he wondered if Sherlock’s arms bore track marks and the realization that he’d never thought to look at them before.
“Mum, Dad wants to know when you’re coming back,” he asked before noticing Hamish, his blue eyes widening.
“Do you want me to suck you, baby?” John asked, swimming closer and Sherlock felt like he was drowning. “Do you want to fuck my throat until you’re screaming and pulling my hair out?”
They straightened and John grabbed at his hands, eyes darkening with arousal. “Let’s go,” he ordered, and wordlessly they left the party, unnoticed by their mums and siblings.
“I wanted you from that first day,” he said, locking eyes- grey on blue. “I used to dream about you, just next door from me, about your eyes and your chest and your mouth.”
"I have nothing on," he replied casually and his father smiled at him in a way that made it clear he wasn't fooled.
“Of course not,” Mycroft said simply. He tucked in the last strands and tied the whole thing off. He really was very good at women’s hair.
Tuesday class could not have gone by fast enough before Sherlock found herself putting her books away at four and glancing down the emptying hallways. She could just leave. Joan probably talked to a million people yesterday about the meeting. There was nothing stopping her from going home right now.
Sherlock looked at him quizzically. “Why?” he pressed and John could have hit him.
December blew in milder than expected but with a cold bite that Sherlock, in her coat grown too small for her around the ankles, hadn’t been fully prepared for. She took to nicking Mycroft’s oversized cable-knits and pairing them with an old pair of jeans to the effect that she came into school one day and Joan stopped her by her locker to go,
“Research,” John smiled and the idea of John, sitting in his bed in London reading how to pleasure Sherlock nearly sent the boy to pieces.
“Hello to you too gorgeous.”
“You tricked me,” Sherlock said, at last. “You tricked me, you lied to me-“
“Imma shower in the morning,” Sherlock said sleepily.
“Why?” Sherlock asked, honestly puzzled. “I never told you about my drug abuse. I told you never to talk to me again. I nearly killed myself. Why would you trust me?”
“You love Chemistry,” he said, and it wasn’t a question.
“Sherlock, tell me the dream. Slowly.”
Sherlock let out a laugh and Irene swatted him. “I am,” she promised. “The girl just intrigues me is all. I’ll have some inquires to make.”
and people loved him.
is Sherlock, the most brilliant man I know and you had best
John hangs three pictures above his bed. One of Harry and his Mum. One of his friends from The New London High School. And one of a boy, sleeping in the bottom of a canoe, inky black hair spilling into white wood.
, “you got them all right.”
“So did I?” Joan finally asked pointedly. “Did I upset you?”
“We could start running again,” Sherlock suggests over breakfast. He cooks, John still can’t move well. Cooking is just science, he reminds himself. But it’s harder- he never had to feed his experiments to John.
Sherlock can’t look at him, won’t look at him. “Would you mind if I invited Victor over for dinner?” he says, harsher than he means.
“Any of them look interesting to you?” John asked the boy.
“Yes,” he said carefully but the woman was barely listening, forging on.
Joan nodded her head, and Sherlock couldn’t see her eyes from here, in the poor light. Her own eyes were watery, and she swiped at them, stumbling back.
-call disconnected-
But mostly John never wanted to grow up because from what he’d seen of adulthood, it was rather awful and full of yelling and cursing and broken things.
“You’re an idiot,” he whispered, running, and he was holding Sherlock in his arms tight enough to break him, tight enough to snap his skinny arms and prominent ribs and Sherlock felt absolutely all right.
“Wait- increase?” John repeated, turning on his husband, but Lestrade was nodding.
“I’ve been learning Holmesian,” John said, smiling. “Did you know that ‘I love you’ in human roughly translates to ‘caring is not an advantage’?”
“If you get lost, we’re gonna meet back here at eight. Give ‘em hell!” Joan cheered and suddenly Sherlock was alive in a way she only felt herself get during a case. She felt the city shiver around her- New York breathing and angry and ready to get shit done. They’d gathered in the park and it felt like there were so many people here, all these bodies pushed close together with the same things to say. The whole block hummed with energy and anger and she let it fill her bones, let her heart pound in turn with the chanting, and she reached down to interlock her hand with Joan’s.
John spun around to face a girl,
“I’m waving my hands. Can you see- mmmmph!”
“Keep them,” Sherlock advised. “Wear them when you miss me.”
his thigh and moving, drawing tiny circles with his thumb on the inside.
and dear god, knee scratches indicative of heavy rugby playing. Great; Sherlock could not expect beating at home as well as at school.
“We’ll be fine,” she hissed, “if you stop talking and don’t get us caught. Now come on, they keep forgetting to fix this part of the fence.”
She shook her head. “Not really enough to articulate yet,” she excused and Joan only nodded pleasantly before suddenly switching gears.
Sherlock smirked at him. “Making it better.”
“They explained their lifestyle and they knew no adoption agency on this Earth would give them a child. But they also knew their own circumstances and that their baby would be loved and coddled and adored-“ she broke off and Hamish was surprised to realize they were both close to tears. “We ended up having six meetings before I agreed. I came to your flat a few times and I visited their work- I stayed behind the yellow tape,” she tried a laugh and Hamish laughed too, relieving the tension.
“Did you write that?” he asked the taller boy, looking up with stars in his ocean eyes.
Hamish dutifully opened his mouth as Sherlock set to measuring out the syrup. “Can I tell you a secret?” he whispered conspiratorially to his father and Sherlock nodded. “I was scared before but I’m not scared now.”
“I may have reconsidered my position on that particular issue,” Sherlock said, running a hand through her hair and Joan only watched her in amazement and, yes, no small amount of lust.
“I did,” Mycroft said primly as Hamish choked. “I went to Oxford like my mother. That’s the whole reason your father even went to Cambridge. Now eat your sandwich.”
At that he stopped, face turning white. “Sherlock, that’s a bear,” he whispered to the other teen. Both stared at the giant lumbering hulk of brown fur standing next to their car, staring them dead in the eye.
“Go get the thermometer,” John ordered, doctor voice taking over. He helped his husband ease their son from his own arms to John’s and then Sherlock was disappearing down the hall and to the bathroom.
“One day,” John muses, toeing off his shoes and trousers. “Maybe. Would you like to get married?”
“Are you seeing this shit?” Jeana asked, wide-eyed and Joan nodded.
And then Sherlock kissed him, working at his bottom lip, kneading it raw. He trailed kisses down John’s jaw and neck, nuzzling him shamelessly, and John keened. Sherlock bit down on the juncture between John’s shoulder and neck as he slid into him and everything went white.
John awoke to the soft feel of Sherlock running his fingers up and down his ribs.
“You idiot, it was a shark tank,” Sam shot back.
They find a janitor’s closet in the cabin next door and snog messily, hands everywhere, shirts rucked up and breaths coming out in short moans. Sherlock reaches down into John’s pants and jerks him off, fast and hot and desperate.
“He is,” John said smiling against Sherlock’s mouth. “Lucky for him though, I’ve always liked bad boys.”
“Unsourced but entertaining,” Sherlock offered softly from the front seat. It was dark outside the car, a faint twilight settling over the countryside, but inside the car was lit hazily and soft, the rumble of the engine rocking them all to sleep. “Anything else?”
The boxing gym was always loud this time of evening. Hamish bounced back on his heels, pretending to stare at his punching bag while secretly glancing at his father at the station next to his. Sherlock was utterly absorbed in his routine, boxing effortlessly with his bag, so Hamish felt safe.
“I love you,” Joan said now and Sherlock wondered if she was glowing. She felt lit ablaze.
“Alright,” he said, leaning on his thighs. “So Oliver was fully surrounded. But luckily, none of the assassins knew about the six grenades in his pocket, or about his ability to see underwater.”
But Hamish was standing there slowly going red. “You forgot. You promised you wouldn’t forget!” he cried helplessly and John turned to him immediately.
“Cambridge,” Hamish confessed softly.
“Not well, it seems,” she sniffed but John was pulling it all together now and he couldn’t stop himself if he tried.
“Hi there,” Joan said and this time, utterly without her consent, Sherlock started crying.
“I can waltz,” Sherlock offered and John laughed.
“It didn’t,” he laughed and John held him tighter. “But it was something else entirely. It made everything
“You can keep that one,” she smiled, waving her copy of the forged order. “We’ll hold onto this one for security. Have a good day!” she called back cheerfully as she swept out of the office and past Peterson with a little wave.
“If you insist,” John shrugged and proceeded to nip at one of Sherlock’s nipples, prompting the boy to let out a gasp.
“Alright guys, rise and shine,” John cried, and the fourth graders in their bunk beds groaned at him, burrowing deeper into their blankets.
“Same as I say I am in my letters,” Chloe laughed, nudging his foot with her own. “How’s Laurel?”
The couch Victor now sits on after shaking John’s hand. “Such an honor to meet you,” he smiles, and damn him, he has perfect teeth, “To hear Sherlock talk about you, I expected superman himself.”
Mrs. Hudson poked her head out of the door. “Sherlock dear, I need-“
“Sherlock?”
“Of course I did!” Lestrade admonished. “They deserved to know. And watch your language, young man.”
“Do keep your voice down,” Sherlock cautioned and suddenly they were by the lake. It spread out, still as glass, like a great beast and it reflected the night stars like a mirror. John felt his breath catch at the sheer beauty of it but Sherlock was already tugging off his shirt and tossing it aside.
Sherlock blushed. He knew he was rather
The phone rang a few times before his Pa picked up. “Hamish, what’s up?” John asked, a little out a breath.
“How was your day off?” Mike asked as John came to stand beside him, watching the scuffle in the small space between the looming bunk beds to make sure no one really got hurt.
As the sun came up and kissed their still-bare skin, they dressed each other, pulling up jeans and buttoning shirts. And then, hand in hand, they
“Harry-“
Joan squeezed their hands and then lay her head on Sherlock’s shoulder, the whole of her warming Sherlock’s left side. “I’m glad you were there.”
“I’m serious, I don’t really get ‘hit on,’” Sherlock explained over the din of the car. “I’ve been told I have somewhat of a cold face.”
“In ten minutes,” Hamish supplied. “But if you’re busy-“
John hesitated. “I’m not sure if we’ll be discharged until late tonight. Do you think you could-“
“Yes sir,” Hamish agreed and, with his hand in Laurel’s, they set off down the street. John and Sherlock watched them for a minute before closing the door and heading upstairs to clean up. John was washing the dishes when his phone buzzed in his pocket. He pulled it out and smiled softly before finishing up.
“I played it for you once before,” his husband murmured and John dutifully cast his mind back, coming out with only a hazy memory of Sherlock by a window, refusing to eat yet again.
“Only if you don’t let me watch,” John told him and Sherlock felt his ears go pink at the look in John’s eyes.
“What can I get you?”
“Need me to wake you up any particular time?” Mycroft asked, returning to his meal. Her own carton sat nearly untouched before her, barely picked at, while her brother’s gaped with only a few pieces left. Two years ago she would have made a joke but those had stopped being funny once they’d moved out here. Now, Mycroft nearly two stones lighter and still dropping, Sherlock didn’t begrudge him any calories.
“No sir; it shouldn’t boil over until Wednesday latest,” she clipped and then paused. “How is the child?”
“No more yelling at Papa,” he demanded and everyone in the room chuckled, all the tension drained.
Joan settled Sherlock next to her, their hands still interlocked, towards the back of the room and the room chattered amongst itself until a woman in a loose tan sweater with her black hair down stood up and the room quieted around her.
“Go on then, show off for me. How did you figure out it was the brother-in-law and not the husband?” she prompted and by the time Sherlock got to her soup, it had grown cold.
Sherlock didn’t look at John as he unscrewed a post from his bed,
Christ.
“Oh,” Sherlock says softly. They’re having sex and John is nestled comfortably under him, Sherlock rocking back and forth in gentle waves of ecstasy. “Oh that’s brilliant.”
“Then I suggest you pull over,” Sherlock recommended, his hand traveling back to John’s thigh and John did, pulling into an abandoned field.
There were a few minutes of blissful silence in which John tried to re-open his novel and Sherlock checked the fuel gage in the driver’s seat. Then-
“But nothing,” John growled and Sherlock stilled. “Never again, promise me. And don’t give me crap, we’re dating now, I can make extravagant demands.”
He oils his hands and lets himself inside, stroking and stretching and smiling contently as John’s breath hitches, as he pushes himself onto Sherlock’s fingers, begging for more. Sherlock kisses his knee, kisses the inside of his thighs, memorizes him. Over and over again. He can draw John with his tongue, with his mouth. He doesn’t need to when he has his own John, live flesh and blood, in a pool of need beneath him, whimpering as he rubs his prostate.
The dining hall had been rearranged with rows facing the back where a screen and a projector sat ready to show whatever movie the camp decided on. John’s kids settled themselves in the second row next to the other bunks of their age-group and John went with Mike to sit on either side on them, John all alone on the left side.
“Yeah,” he laughed, offering her his can and she took it gratefully, drinking. That was another wonderful thing about camp. No one gave a flying fig about germs. “They’re great kids.”
“Irene,” he greeted after a moment and he watched her mouth quirk into a half-grin. Her hair was down around her shoulders, ridiculous sunglasses obscuring her face.
There was a beat of silence in the car before Sherlock said, offhandedly,
“I can’t wait to see you in a suit.”
, leaving scratches on his back and sides, a mix of pain and pleasure. “I want you inside of me,” John finally got out, trying to finish Sherlock’s shirt. “I want to remember how you feel-
“If we wanted to make chocolate cake,” Mycroft snipped and Hamish seemed to deflate slightly. With a sigh, Mycroft tipped the bowl down the sink and turned to Hamish, a light smile on his face.
“Principal Richards didn’t give you permission for the soccer team,” Sherlock explained, waving her hand in a bored manner. “I thought he had to. Didn’t they pass a law or something?”
“Must have left them,” Sherlock’s voice shouted back from upstairs. She sounded a bit out of breath and that prompted a whole fresh wave of unwanted images. “Put them in the bathroom if you have a chance.”
Sarah runs out to meet them. The Afghan sky is black against the strobe lights and he can see her hair is out, she was asleep.
“You heard me,
“Fine, that’s fine. I don’t care if you hate me, as long as you’re alright, you’re safe. I would call him a hundred times if I thought it would’ve helped you.”
But Joan wasn’t listening, dancing with herself around the middle of the small apartment and singing aloud. “I’ve been for a walk, for a walk, on a winter’s day- c’mon Sherlock, the harmony is easy, you just repeat after me,” she cajoled and Sherlock glared at her from her perch.
“And I you,” Sherlock smiles, bounding out of bed. “Now get up so we can have shower sex and I can give you your present before our guests arrive.”
By daybreak Hamish’s fever had officially broken but Sherlock wasn’t awake to see it. John came in at nine to find father and son curling into each other, Sherlock curving over in his chair to slot himself between Hamish’s neck and shoulders, hands wrapped in each other.
so?” John really could hit him. “Why didn’t you call Lestrade? Or me? Or anyone?”
Without so much as a by-your-leave Joan had somehow managed to flip their hands so Sherlock was no longer supporting her but being dragged by her to the little makeshift dancefloor over by the record-player, yelling, for no apparent reason, “Sheepdog,” as they rushed over.
John was speechless at how fast the last two days went. He’d expected them to go fast, counselors weren’t allowed to leave their kids on packing day, and he’d spent that glorious Sunday sitting on top of one of the bunk beds yelling down commands. But Sunday night was well and here and the boys sat at their table in the dining hall for end-of-year banquet.
“Sally, of course,” Sherlock snipped, pacing now. He ran on shaking hand through his mess of curls, near tugging at it, and John wanted to hold him still and rock him but he was too scared to touch him. “What else did she tell you? That I’m incapable of human emotion? That I’m just using you?”
“Mycroft’s gonna kill me, isn’t he,” John said and Sherlock laughed weakly, his stomach protesting at the effort.
"No, I get that," Hamish agreed, cause he did. It was hardly the first time his parents had squirrelled away a phone, a handbag, or on one memorable occasion, a live parakeet. "But why a drugs bust?"
“Tolerance,” he laughed as they brushed their teeth, Sherlock wincing in the florescent lights. “I can hold more than you, you utter lightweight.”
Angelica was still laughing when they found her mummy sitting in the grass by the falls.
. Next to Sherlock was one of the girl lifeguards, a sweet if not rather mousy girl named Molly, and Riley. They looked a bit cinematic coming over the hill in the morning fog and John could hear the G221 girls running over to hug Molly.
“Run Sherlock. We’ll talk tomorrow.”
Hamish whimpered again in his arms and John was waking up, turning to face Sherlock blearily. “Sherlock, what on earth-“
had swept into their lives and John, John who knew Sherlock better than his own parents had, realized the self-professed asexual had fallen in love. He’d fallen in love with his clever bombs and his cleverer plots and Sherlock was running himself ragged, chasing shadows alone.
I got all your letters. Even the ones I never replied to. I keep them in a pile on my desk and when I’m sad, I read them. I hear your voice in my head, with your inflections and casual disregard. You’re so above so much else. It makes me wonder sometimes why you chose me, out of everyone. And then I remember you’re a pain to put up with and I laugh. We’re good for each other, you and I.
“Don’t pretend like you don’t know,” he chided . “Bad manners.” He got up to stretch and looked down at Sherlock, framed in moonlight. “I’ll be your wingman, okay?”
Sherlock clucked his tongue. “She’s doing just as well as she was when you called last month. Honestly John, I believe most people do not keep in such close contact with their surrogates.”
Hamish sniffled pitifully, looking up to meet his father’s eye. “Why were drugs trying to snuggle Papa?” he inquired innocently. “Did they want a cuddle pile?”
“I want to inhale you,” Sherlock tells him, kissing his jaw, hand working frantically between them. “I want you to sink so far into my skin, I can’t tell where I end and you begin.”
“No, but really,” John insisted, breaking off, and Sherlock whined as John’s saliva cooled on his neck, “when’s the last time you ate?”
“Sherlock-“ John gasped as they pulled apart to breath, ragged and steamy in the cold water. “What the hell are you doing?”
“God no,” he insisted and Chloe chucked her napkin at him. He threw it right back and then they nearly started a food fight, scrabbling with each other until they were crying with laughter and being asked to leave the restaurant.
, he thought. John looked so ordinary, short blonde hair, wiry muscles and big blue ocean eyes that swallowed unsuspecting sailors. And yet…
Yes, i know, we already did an art chapter. But I simply could not resist *mehehehehehe*
Sherlock thinks to bring John on a case during a stream of suicides that hide as murders. John is better than Anderson, better than anyone, and they grin as they run from scene to scene. A Study in Pink, John calls it and Sherlock loves him.
she thought with the same sort of wonder associated with Christmas.
“Why did we have a child, John?” Sherlock asked, voice monotone as though it came from somewhere dead inside him. “We could have just as easily gotten a dog. Or a baby tornado.”
Sherlock laughed in spite of herself. “You played very well today,” she offered politely. Cammy served as goalie.
They were so far out in the country the houses were far and few in between. So the white house flashing by right then was a godsend. Hamish took a long look as they passed and then tried to rattle off facts like his father.
“Papa come home?” Hamish checked in between shuddering breaths and Sherlock nodded, checking the temperature.
“Why?” Sherlock blurted before she could stop herself and Joan smiled.
“I notice everything about you, apple of my eye,” Hamish promised, winking at her. “Let’s say, dinner at eight? My treat, mon ami.”
, which was slightly above normal volume. “This is karma for your father, I’ll tell you right now. The man was a homophobe, so what should the universe give him but two gay sons.”
"Thank you," Sherlock nodded and swept off down the hall with a dramatic swirl of his coat. Hamish gave a small shrug, waved at Patrick, and followed his father.
Sherlock looked up and realized how peaceful they were, how quiet the room was with their scattered breathing and soft touches and he turned to face John properly.
Sherlock had expected to hear it back after the opera but it appeared John really didn’t know any Italian and he’d never said it again. So John never said it in fear of spooking Sherlock and Sherlock never initiated. That was a rule.
John could feel himself growing hot. Sherlock could manage on his own, couldn’t he?
She’d slept over Joan’s apartment the night before. Just to sleep, they both agreed- they knew sex would come with a wild array of challenges that neither one of them felt ready to navigate yet- but that didn’t stop them from kissing and rolling around Joan’s narrow twin bed until close to four am.
So I wanted to write about the Holmes parents for ages but we see so very little of them in the show, I wasn't even sure what to do with them. Hope this was okay!
“Yeah, not really subtle, are they?” Cammy agreed and Sherlock gave a small nod. “Though I coulda sworn Nancy wasn’t a dyke.”
starting to sleep through the night."
The boy was quiet as he came over, one hand out. “John,” he offered but Sherlock just looked as the offered hand like it was infected and John slowly lowered it.
“Yes,” Mrs. Emily brushed off and then lifted the first paper. “This one wasn’t so much disturbing as simply confusing. The children were asked to draw pictures of their families and Hamish drew this.”
“I wanted you so much, it hurt,” he said and John squeezed his hand, “like a rope twisting inside of me. And when we finally kissed-“
“Then why was he yelling at you?” Hamish whimpered, his sobs subsiding.
“I told you not to do anything
They split their time between the swings in the park and behind the library shelves. Sometimes, if John was really quiet and handed things nicely to Sherlock when he asked, Sherlock would read to him, on the floor between the biographies and the non-fiction. Sherlock’s voice had a soft sort of rumble to it that made the world come alive in his mind, made the characters dance before his eyes.
Sherlock did, his fingers working gently at the button and John snuggled up against him, his arm lounged against Sherlock’s stomach.
as she rested her feverish head against this arm and was wracked along with him, the house silent around them.
“She’s my best friend,” Hamish broke, sobbing, and Sherlock wavered. John could see it in his face; Sherlock had no resistance to Hamish’s tears. It’d taken them months to train Hamish to fall asleep alone; Sherlock always came back when he cried.
Sherlock looked up from the table, the table an exploded mess. “But I’m doing an experiment.”
John’s sweat radiating off him, could smell him. He smelled like grass and laundry detergent and sweat and
“Tell you that it’s okay, you’re safe now,” Hamish repeated carefully.
“Not bad,” he joked but Sherlock wasn’t done.
“Ye-yes” Sherlock stammered out, his fingers struggling for purchase on John’s wet shoulders before suddenly John was
“I honestly never believed I would meet someone like you,” Sherlock confessed in turn and they might have stood there forever had Sherlock’s brother not come over and placed a hand on the boy’s shoulder.
“Thank you so much, I just-“ Joan choked out. “Just doing my best.”
“Fragile, I know,” Hamish nodded, smushing the word together so it came out Fra-gel.
She heard the water turn off and Joan came out, waiting until she was wrapped in a towel and Sherlock was looking at her again to grin knowingly.
“182 days.”
“Yeah, I have.”
The room felt deathly silent, but blessed, clever Joan picked up right away. “I’m Joan, I’m also in high school,” she said, chipper and bright and moving the conversation away from Sherlock with ease. “Haven’t heard from my father in a long time, but my mother doesn’t live far from here. I coach the woman’s soccer team at my school.”
“Get dressed, you git,” John ordered, smiling madly. “We’re going to a fair.”
“Because I want this, more than anything,” John explained firmly, and Sherlock was reminded of just how
“Let it hurt,” he begged, throat raspy, and Sherlock had never been more turned on. “I want it to hurt, I want to remember it forever-“
“Two A* and one A,” Hamish clarified, face turning dark. “They’re not as concerned with Drama.”
“What are you doing looking for locum work?” she laughs, hugging him back, just as tight.
“You?” he checked and Sherlock didn’t even rebuke him for asking an obvious question. “Oh. It’s just- I’ve never heard it and you play us all your pieces. Even the ones Pa hates.”
“I’ll have to wash them eventually,” John laughed and Sherlock could have burst.
Tell me you’re being sarcastic.
“Ow, the fuck, Sherlock?” Joan yelped, rubbing her arm, and Sherlock pulled together her very best glower.
Suddenly Sherlock knew exactly what she wanted. So she leaned in the extra two inches, rested her palm against the side of Joan’s jaw and kissed her.
She spares him a half smile. “Should’ve guessed. She must be a lucky girl.”
I love you guys, you know that right?
Subject: Goldfinger’s my favorite
“I did tell him the connecting door was a good idea,” she murmured, not looking up, and Sherlock nearly collapsed in shock.
“I’d spit, but it might lead to questions,” Sherlock explained as John’s eyes darkened at the drop of white still hovering on Sherlock’s bottom lip. He wanted to lick it, and then immediately berated himself for the thought.
John was on the couch in the den and Sherlock sat perched in an armchair, fingers steepled under his chin.
“It shall be a new experience,” she tried to reassure her children. “Think of it as an experiment.”
. He wanted to peel Sherlock apart, layer by carefully-constructed layer, and see something real and raw and vulnerable and true and know he was perhaps the only person in the whole wide world to see that.
John could feel the wind cooling the drops of water on his skin. He should have been shivering. Instead, he’d never felt so hot, or so flustered, by anyone or anything in his life. Sherlock’s eyes never left his trunks, no shame at all, and John could almost feel phantom fingers on his skin.
“If this some sort of experiment to see how long it takes to drive your flatmate actually insane, then congratulations, you have succeeded,” he raged, throwing his hands up in the air. “I have now lost control of any moral impulses.”
John blushed crimson at this. “That’s probably my sister. She’s got a bit of an alcohol problem and all of her interactions with Hamish have been carefully monitored. He must have just heard us talking about her one time. We’ll talk to him about it.”
“Yeah?”
Hamish smiled indulgently. “It’s Tuesday, Da,” he filled in.
“We keep this up, the administration will have to start taking us seriously,” Joan interjected. “We can start pushing for funding, busses to rallies, better sign-making materials-“
“Are you alright?” John asked, leaning over. “John, remember, counselor-“
“She can keep sleeping in my room!” Hamish rationalized, trying to puzzle out the word ‘equipped.’ “She’ll share my food, I always have leftovers, and she can share a chair with me in school if that costs a lot. We can share clothes and if she wants a dress I can buy her one with some of the birthday money Uncle Mycroft gave me. I’ll take care of her.”
“Managing so far,” Sherlock agreed and Joan gave her the same smile that made her insides swoop down to somewhere nearer to her knees. It didn’t help to have Joan so warm, clinging to her with her small, sturdy hands, the fingers of her left tapping out the rhythm of the song on Sherlock’s wrist.
“Noted for future reference,” he whispered, his voice suddenly gone, and John laughed softly, sitting up.
“Um, there was a swing set in the yard, so maybe there are kids,” he tried and then shook his head. “I don’t remember anything else. It went by so fast,” he confessed but Sherlock only kept driving.
So that afternoon found her waiting outside Joan’s locker as the blonde put her books away and closed it with a slam. “If at any point,” she was saying to Sherlock as she slung on her bag and fixed her hair, “you feel uncomfortable in any way, take space for yourself, okay? Go to the library and I’ll come check on you or I won’t, if that’s not what you want. You don’t have to feel trapped or forced-“
“You’re joking,” she insisted, as the music played on around them. “You’re fucking with me. I know you’ve lived a sheltered life where music is concerned but you want to tell me you’ve never heard of The Beatles?”
“- so that’s how I knew the puppy was actually a kitty on account of how kittens have long tails but puppies have tails that look like stubs,” Hamish babbled, holding onto her hand, and Anthea was nodding politely. At the sight of his uncle, Hamish let go and raced across the linoleum, grabbing Mycroft by the kneecaps.
“Why do you haveta go to a hotel to sleep?” Hamish asked, tilting his head.
“You’re just cold,” John said and came over to fix his blankets. But Sherlock wasn’t tired now, no
“It’s not
John forgets his cane. John kills for him, for the first time but not the last. They shag on the living room floor in a haze of adrenaline and success, John’s mouth hot on his. John doesn’t dream.
John often found himself, at 3 am, standing in line at Tesco’s for things he didn’t need because Sherlock had asked him to. No- ask was the wrong word.
“Hey there kiddo, good morning,” a man said. Hamish had his eyes fully open now; they were in the back of a van and a man was perched on a box. He wasn’t a very scary-looking man, with a black knit hat and a clean-shaven face. He smiled gently at Hamish and the boy shivered back.
They ran to the lake, two weeks after the corpse in the tree, deep into July when the air hung heavy with heat and humidity. They sat by it, catching their breaths, when Sherlock asked.
Sherlock almost doesn’t meet him at the airport. But he does, because he’s a coward and he can’t leave John like he should. Like John deserves.
Hey Sherlock?
“I know,” John smiled, hand warm in hers as she helped him up from the muddy ground. “Lucky for both of us that I’m a big boy who can make grown-up decisions.”
“No,” Joan stated, hard. “I mean, yes to the liking you part. I do, a lot. I’m sorry about the office, you were just- holy fuck were you unbelievably sexy in there. But no, that is not why I hang out with you, you utter idiot.”
The music mentioned, in case you want to listen while you read (HIGHLY RECOMMENDED)
She backed into the house before Hamish could process the fact that this girl was his sister- or at least his half sister- and then suddenly there was a grown woman standing where she’d been. She was younger than he’d expected but her shoulder-length blonde hair was starting to gray at the temples and there were faint lines around her blue eyes. She took one look at Hamish before her hand flew to her mouth.
“Oh Chris,” John sighed, rubbing the small boy’s back as he doubled over. “What did you eat?”
“Hey there.”
Mycroft opened his mouth to answer but Hamish was already throwing himself bodily on the couch, scrambling for the remote. “Can we watch cartoons? Daddy doesn’t like me to watch cartoons on account of how they rot my squishy brain but Papa lets me sometimes when Daddy’s busy but Imma not posed to tell cause then they’ll fight and when Daddy and Papa fight, Papa’s face gets real red and Daddy laughs cause Papa’s short like me so he can’t even yell in Daddy’s face and then I hug Papa so he’ll be cooler like ice cream so can I watch cartoon?”
“Oh fuck,” Joan cried, biting her lip, and Sherlock swallowed a giggle at the curse. “Sorry. I’m such a spaz. Last year was a bit rough for me and, fuck it, I’m sorry,” she said, scrubbing a hand through her hair. “I swear I’m usually good with names-“
“You berk,” John laughed softly and Sherlock finally did look at him, face crinkled as he grinned. “Do you think I pretend to be a corpse for just anyone? Course we’re friends, idiot.”
“Dull?” he checked and Sherlock’s glare could have frozen lava.
“Jesus,” he muttered and god, it was so wrong what that tidbit of information was doing in his brain right then. Sure, he’d thought about his incredibly vexing and equally mind-blowing flatmate sexually before; he’d have to have been a bit less heterosexual not to. But for some reason, this little factoid, personal and
“I wanted to talk to you about something.”
“Alright love, alright.”
They stared at each other in the light of the streetlamp and the store windowfronts, the passing yellow and red lights of cars driving past, people brushing by on either side of them, trying to avoid the pool of vomit.
John paused at the door. “I’m shaking,” Sherlock admitted. He
“This is Sherlock,” Mary introduced and he could
Mycroft struggled with his phrasing, the words sitting awkwardly on his tongue. “Well, I discovered what an experience it was to love someone who loved you back,” he said finally, looking up at Hamish and the boy looked nothing short of moved. The silence held between them for a long moment until Mycroft looked down to Hamish’s hands and started.
“Right,” John agreed. “Well, some not nice men took Chloe too, only they took her for a long time. Daddy was able to save her. Now she’s going to stay with us until we find her family.”
that had never had any reason to be there before.
“Oh for Christ’s sake,” Sherlock finally gave up as John’s fingers flicked against his nipples for the fifth time. He moved over to straddle John’s lap, pulling him closer and rubbing together as they kissed, prompting moans from both boys.
“No,” Sherlock bit off and Joan took her hand across the table.
“This isn’t too much for you, is it? You just came to one little meeting and now I’m dragging you to protests and making you a part of the war counsel-“
“I’m not-“
“I still think we should take him to a hospital,” Sherlock put forward into the extending silence and John didn’t even turn to glare at him, focusing on rubbing the tension out of the six-year-old.
Wait, you could come to me for long leave?
“You’re brilliant.”
“Your family’s from England?” Joan murmured, turning to her.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Great detective work, lovely deductions,” Sherlock snarled. “Now let me have a turn. You’re here because your mother wants you out of the house while she fucks your neighbor while your dad’s on a business trip. You’re here,” he said, turning to Sam, “because you want to look cultured for someone, girl maybe. Don’t bother, your lack of a brain speaks volumes. And you,” he turned to Henry, “are here because you actually
It all rushes back in, but muted. “Where is he?”
“No,” Sherlock whispers. “It makes you alive.”
“That’s not what people normally say,” Sherlock murmured.
John smiled encouragingly. “Come on,” he said, standing. “Let’s get this flat back in order.”
a swimming costume Mycroft?” Sherlock baited and Mycroft bristled.
“He’s in his room?” Sherlock checked and John nodded, moving to set the table. Sherlock bounded up the stairs to John’s old room, knocking gently on his son’s door. “Hamish? It’s Daddy,” he announced and the door was thrown open immediately.
“You’re humming, you know?” Joan giggled at her from the stove, pausing in whatever cooking nonsense she was doing- stirring or something- Sherlock really didn’t pay much attention to the process until there was dinner in front of her.
Cynthia and Harry come in properly, and hug John properly, and cry properly. Sherlock doesn’t let go of his hand, claiming, owning. Cynthia doesn’t comment.
“You would without your cases; don’t deny it,” Hamish insisted. “Poor Pa’ll have to start shooting in the cabbage patch to keep his trigger-happy side satisfied. And I’ve got school. Besides, I’m alright. I protected myself.”
I was out of the country (on a camping trip myself- oh the irony) and away from my laptop. Don't worry, we go back to our usual schedule of rapid updates again <3
“Well perhaps not lining up…” John laughed, Mary’s
John’s ears tipped red and it didn’t take a genius to realize Sherlock’s plan was working. But he was rather speaking from the heart.
“No, just me,” John smiles as his skin bristles and leads the man inside, taking great pleasure in sitting him on the couch he had Sherlock begging for him on just hours ago. A pleasure that is significantly lessened as he somehow ends up on a chair facing the couch and Sherlock sits next to Victor, their thighs brushing.
“I wasn’t abused or anything,” he clarified, head resting atop Sherlock’s. “I just wasn’t ready was all. I was bit too young.”
Sherlock took a deep breath, steeling himself, and John wanted to tell him it could wait, he didn’t have to tell John now, but he did and they both knew it.
All that was left was Sherlock and the boy. Small like his mother, with her sandy colored hair and ocean blue eyes. Skinny, with a tee-shirt that hung loose and jeans that threatened to slip.
John stares at the man. He doesn’t even question how Sherlock knows he just spent his last visit with his sister helping her clean her own vomit off kitchen linoleum and holding her in his arms while she sobbed.
Never let it be said that all I do is make you guys cry. Occasionally there are sexytimes. The Nghhhs before the angst if you know what I mean ;)
she thought bitterly, her whole body vibrating.
“Mhhm, yeah,” John agreed, before gently dislodging Sherlock. “Now let’s go.”
John laughed, coming back to the kettle just as it beeped. “I'm happy to hear that,” he smiled, filling the cup and opening the fridge to get milk. He would make Chloe’s tea like he did Hamish’s, with too much milk and a healthy dose of sugar. Well, maybe not so much sugar before bed.
John washed the last of the dishes. “So why don’t you tell Marcie that you don’t want to be her boyfriend anymore?”
“You love it though,” Sherlock pointed out, nipping at John’s ear.
John looked at him as though he’d just been punched and the irony was not lost on Sherlock. He felt a bit of himself twinge as John’s eyes widened and then hardened. The boy was clearly no pushover.
“Lies.”
“I want to go home,” she said, with all the dignity she could muster, and Joan nodded.
“Yeah but you guys always wear suits,” John pointed out and Sherlock laughed.
“No, that’s bigger,” Sherlock explained, sliding into one of the long seats.
They have the party in large open tents outside, surrounded by the night sky. John sits next to Sherlock in the tux the younger man bought for him and feels absurdly posh. Sherlock laughs at his face.
There’s a bruise forming, still just red, and John curses again.
“Beautiful children,” the woman said suddenly and Sherlock’s breath caught.
Oh. Well that changed things. “Does your father know it was you against six boys?” Sherlock checked, actively trying not to see red, and Hamish shook his head.
“Sherlock, who is that?”
“That was an experience,” Sherlock said, smiling. “I do believe I like takeout, John!”
John looked over at the phone wistfully. “Should we call Annemarie to see how she’s doing?” he murmured, turning on the stove and pulling down a pan to start pasta.
“Shhhhhh,” John cut him off, closing his eyes as he sunk down on the couch. “Let me have this.”
. We have to go; I want to announce it to the club.”
. There was absolutely
“Excuse me?” Sherlock checked, but John could not stop staring at him.
She heard the meeting before she saw it, the door of 408 open and florescent light pouring out into the hall. The room was a jumble of noise, a madhouse of girls- and one or two boys- all sitting on top and around desks and talking with each other. Sherlock recognized a few of the school dykes in their collared shirts neatly pressed over flaired jeans, but there were many more she couldn’t place so easily- girls in checkered skirts and short dressed with headbands and some people were perched on the window smoking out of it.
“Sherlock?”
“It’s a bit ironic really,” Sherlock said and John hushed underneath him. “We all say it, and yet we all care about each other. Mummy used to say it to me as she tucked me in at night, and then she’d kiss my forehead.”
“That’s a big job,” John said evenly, looking firmly at the bear.
Subject: Bring out your dead
It was the same set of motions they found themselves performing most nights. Joan was smiley, and joking, and she teased Sherlock when the genius couldn’t figure out which spice to hand her after Joan asked her to pass the oregano.
“That’s Mycroft, polite to a fault.”
“Sherlock, you need to be careful,” Mycroft said softly, sitting down on the edge of the bed. Sherlock didn’t want him touching his stuff, fat, oily, bloody git-
“Wait a day,” Sherlock grumbled, sliding down in his armchair, “and Mycroft will just give them to us.
“And then she took me to coffee,” Cynthia chimed in. “We compared war stories.”
“Well?” John goaded, pushing Sherlock off the bed and occupying the Sherlock-shaped space in the sheets, arms folded behind his head. “Let me hear it.”
“Papa?” Hamish asked carefully, coming over. “Why do you look like Gracie did right before she threw up all over the recess yard?”
And he turned and ran back to the Manor, trying to pretend as if each footstep didn’t feel as though he was stepping on the fractured pieces of his own heart.
“I can’t,” Hamish insisted, verging on falling back into tears. “The water monster will eat me.”
“Oh,” he whispered, caught off guard and then seemed to refocus. “Uncle Mycroft!” he shouted as his uncle raised the cup to his lips. “Don’t drink that!”
“Still,” John said and Sherlock’s hand suddenly felt
“It comes from the water monster!” he’d shouted. “I know it! Don’t lie to me!”
“Please Sherlock.”
“Are you talking about the case?” John struggles to sit up but Sherlock is suddenly off him with a wet pop and running down the stairs.
-and falling back against the door, his face turning red. John’s face had been flushed and sweaty, his eyes wide in the dark and those
vivid.
Just don’t let this guy take advantage of you okay?
“A beer’s fine,” Joan said, never taking her eyes off her and the woman leaned across the bar to call out “two vodka tonics,” with a secret smile.
“Papa come home,” Hamish whispered breathlessly. “Papa come home? Check when Papa come home, Daddy.”
“I’m not upset at all,” Sherlock assured her. “But I may meet you after your little practice. Getting up before ten on a Saturday is the real crime.”
Now though, now with Joan’s warm rice inside her stomach, with Joan’s warm thigh pressed against hers as they turned to better see the screen- her body whole and hers and thrumming with energy, she felt those very steps in her own skin; watched with her eyes full wide in wonderment like it was the very first time she’d ever seen a man leave Earth so fully behind.
in there. I can’t believe it, I can’t believe you! Cool as a cucumber. You didn’t even flinch! Holy hell you are so brilliant!”
“Fourteen,” John admitted and Sherlock could picture John at fourteen, skinny as a bone and ruddy, blonde hair almost white.
“Excellent, I was just about to send another letter, I figured out the Crepsly case. Save myself a stamp,” he said cheerfully but the inspector didn’t smile back.
“I meant it more as an activity,” Sherlock said quickly, cutting her last pancake into bites. “Dinner out. Somewhere.”
“Where the bloody hell are the zip-ties?” he heard his Da yell from somewhere out further and then his Pa yelled back, “I have them. Talk to Hamish, he’s in a play tonight you giant idiot! How the hell did you forget?”
”Mummy,” Sherlock started to protest. “We have a lake right here.”
Sally looked incredibly uncomfortable, not meeting his eye as she spoke. “You’ve been hanging out a lot with Sherlock, right?”
“Children!” Cynthia called from the head of the table and the boys immediately swiveled. “Vivi and I had the most fantastic idea!”
“Be careful, Da,” Hamish warned, stifling a giggle, and he rung off. Putting the phone to the side, he took in a deep breath. The phone call had dispelled any nervousness he’d had. He was Hamish Watson. If his parents could take down dangerous criminals while chatting on the phone, he could handle a little school play.
“Alright then. I shall have the cooks pack a cooler for you boys,” Victoria agreed and John smiled at Sherlock.
“No, not you,” he snaps and John’s poor heart twists so painfully he can’t breathe. “She
“Drug’s bust?” Hamish repeated, utterly lost.
"Okay but no candles," Hamish cautioned. "Annie's going through a bit of a fire phase."
“Papa’s coming home later,” he insisted. The microwave beeped and he pulled the dish out, setting it down on the table. “Come eat.”
“Hey,” a woman suddenly beside her, short red bob and ripped jeans, spoke up. “Can I buy you-“
Hamish woke only once, at three am, with frantic eyes.
“Sher-“
Apollo 17 was the very last manned mission to the moon and did, in fact, occur on December 11th, 1972. It actually occurred closer to 7pm but that didn't feel like late enough at night for some deep, soulful confessions. But, honestly, New York gets dark early in the winter so- read it however you'd like it.
“You speak Italian?” he asked in wonder. It was just too
Later during their shower-hangout, Joan paused in her babbling over possible strategies and foot plays to peek her head out at Sherlock. “I’m sorry I didn’t say anything to you earlier; I only got confirmation from their coach like an hour before practice. Are you mad? We didn’t have anything this weekend, yeah?”
The one we took that last night, in my bed at the house. Where you have your eyes half closed.
And then John finally did kiss him, slanting his mouth to fit perfectly and Sherlock sighed happily into John’s open mouth as his tongue came out to meet his and they melted slowly into each other, fitting back together like puzzle pieces. Sherlock’s hand came up to nestle in John’s hair and John let his other hand trace patterns on Sherlock’s chest, trying for pirates off course, and Sherlock moaned appreciatively into him as he recognized the pictures.
