Dean, who first committed murder when he was twelve years old.
Castiel enters the bar, casting a subtle glance around to check the other visitors here. One woman sitting by herself, a pair of men who look very intoxicated and are in the process of kissing very passionately. That was it.
"Hey," Dean cuts him off, stepping up close to him and lacing his fingers through Cas's. "Me too. It's perfect." He gives him a kiss and sly smile. Then he steps away and shrugs off his jacket and flannel and pulls his shirt off over his head. In that moment, their eyes meet—Dean's are a dark shade of hazel-green now—and Cas doesn't see the demon-turned-human, the one tortured by his history; the one who decorated his skin with threatening patterns because he wanted to assert himself; the one who nearly killed Cas the first time they met.
A man approaches the site. He wears all black and has his hands in the pockets of his dress coat. He surveys the scene with utter apathy. He walks up to the passenger window of the hatchback and looks across inside. The woman in the driver's seat is bloodied and still, and surrounded in jagged pieces of glass and metal. She's been dead for several minutes now.
“A case.” She takes it in her other hand and holds it out to him. “I think I’ve got everything I need for it, but I wanted to run it by the expert” —she says it with a hint of sarcasm— “before I head out.”
This waking up, feeling disoriented and what he believes is called "drugged"—it's new to him. Angels don't experience things like this.
“You have any visions while you were at Stanford?” Dean asks as he washes blood and dirt off his hands and forearms with the frigid water from the stream. “Visions?” Sam doesn’t look at him as he pats the dirt over the werewolf’s grave flat with a shovel.
"You don't need to," Balthazar says. "I think I get it."
“I can explain, just—not right now. I’m a little bit cornered. By demons. Please, tell me there’s someone in the area.”
Dean smiles dryly. "Gimme a little more credit than that, Crowley. I have influence on what goes on in hell. Not many demons can say that."
His phone chimes with a text. It’s from his dad.
“Sammy?” Dean says, shutting the trunk. His brother looks up with feigned innocence. “Go fuck yourself.”
"Just for a ride, why?"
Disbelieving, he turns back. “Cas?”
“I was about to ask you the same thing. Usually when I find people sleeping in their cars on the side of the road, there’s a problem.”
In light of recent events, he hadn't been certain how to feel or if he was feeling anything. So last night he'd decided to go to a bar and see if he could pick up a woman to bring back with him.
33. Lawrence.
And it terrifies him.
“What the hell was that?”
"But I—you shouldn't be tortured for all eternity. Not after everything you've done to become human—"
"Hell? You want to show me hell?"
Dean smirks. “You have no idea. Consider it an occupational hazard. I’ll try not to corrupt Jack, but no guarantees.”
Dean pulls out of the parking lot and makes his way back toward the highway out of town. Before Bobby sent him to rendezvous with Jordan, he was headed to meet up with Jo and Ellen to work a haunted coal mine in Oklahoma. He’s half a day behind now, so even though the sun is setting, he figures he’ll spend the next five or six hours on the road to try to make up for it. He knows why Ellen wanted his help. Jo is insisting on helping, and Ellen is worried enough about whatever is in the mine that she wants backup, for Jo’s sake.
It rings for a long time, and then goes to voicemail.
"I'm trying to fix you, Cas. Just give me a moment and the poison will be out of your system. I can't keep this up for long. The Mark always pulls me back within a few seconds."
He and Dean don’t hesitate when he joins him in the bathroom. They start kissing, and running their hands over each other’s bodies, and pressing close enough together to feel every breath. Cas backs Dean up into the largest stall and locks it behind them.
No. The Mark has had a taste of its former glory. It thirsts for more, wills him to feel powerful again.
"I…I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm going to call help. You need—"
He eyes the other patrons at the bar. It’s a weekday, so there aren’t many. A middle-aged couple, an elderly man, a heavily tattooed woman. Cas looks down at his drink and slowly spins the stem of the glass between his thumb and forefinger, the base rotating on the slick surface of the bar.
Cas frowns, tilts his head. “You couldn’t have.”
Then he wakes up. He can feel the pain in his—Cas's—back, blooming, dragging him toward unconsciousness. He fights against it.
"See? Simple."
“I think I’m going to dig out my old textbooks. There are some forced entry protocols I can’t quite remember, and some physiology, too.”
"Of course I'm angry! My brother is still alive."
“How did you know I hadn’t talked to him in a while?”
"Well, we've got some time to kill. Come on," Dean says, giving Cas a pat on the shoulder before he steps out of the car and steps around the front of it to lean against the hood.
He stays there for most of the day, leaving only to buy a salad from a nearby deli before returning to the same seat in the library. She’s still there when he gets back.
“You’ve been sending me the visions about killing Lilith, haven’t you?”
“You wanna take that complaint to Chief Singer?”
"Only if you never get a dent in her."
Dean rubs a hand over his face and pivots to lie back on the bench. “I’m fine. It’s just… different, hunting without Sam or Dad. I guess got used to having my brother with me again.”
The motorcycle rider turns the engine of his bike off and dismounts, pulling his helmet off. He wears black jeans and a black leather jacket. His jacket is only halfway zipped, showing what he wears around his neck: a chain with a small, hooked blade as a pendant. Though most of his skin is covered, two buttons of the three at the top of his shirt are undone and a hint of black ink from several tattoos is visible at his collarbone. Another black pattern curls up his neck and behind his left ear.
“Dean.”
Dean pours the peroxide down his leg, and it still stings worse than he expects it to, momentarily lighting his whole leg with an intense burn. He lets out an involuntary growl and a,
He sets the child on the snow-dusted road and pulls a knife from the inside of his dress coat. He returns to the vehicle where the dead man still sits and he slits his throat. Without a heartbeat, he has to rely on gravity to carry blood to the cup he holds under the cut and it takes several minutes he tells himself he doesn't have.
Cas is almost upon him and he starts to turn, blade ready—and then he stops. The tip of the knife is just inches from the demon's back.
Dean snorts. “You can have all the pediatric calls. You know how I feel about kids.”
The dogs get along surprisingly well. If The Colonel is ever aggressive, Miracle rolls over immediately, and they never fight beyond that. They complement each other, Dean thinks. She gives him company, a friend, he gives her adventure, a guardian.
"What the hell are you doing, Crowley?"
Dean turns away dismissively, but can't help but look down at his hands, which he can see all too easily covered in blood. How many people has he killed since he was eleven years old? Hundreds? Thousands? How many times has he smiled as he fired a shot that blew out someone's brains or dug his knife into someone's neck?
"The King of Hell? What does that even mean?"
"Thanks." Dean starts to turn away.
When he's back in hell only a few minutes later, Crowley summons one of his hellhounds. He strokes her head, though doesn't look at her as he speaks. "Find Sam Winchester." He offers his right hand to her. "I know you can smell him on me. Find him and be ready, but don't kill him. Not yet."
All of his senses change. There is no touch anymore, no boundaries. He sees himself collapse onto the ground even though he's not looking.
"I know you think you are. But you haven't convinced me yet."
“Leave the cuff for now,” Dean says, reaching out for the oximeter. “Go back outside and get me a nebulizer and albuterol.”
He captured the last one instead of exorcising it immediately, and as much as he hates to keep it in its current vessel, he needs answers about this demon leader he keeps hearing about. He hasn’t heard a name, but she seems to be the talk of demon-town.
Dean looks at the asphalt beneath his feet.
As she turns to go, Dean leans against the side of the ambulance and calls, “Yeah, get out of here, Deputy Mills. We don’t like cops in our fire station.”
Without saying anything, Cas kneels beside him and reaches out to touch his forehead. Dean's left arm snaps up and he locks his hand around Cas's wrist.
"What is this?" he asks, more to the world than to Cas, who naturally does not know the answer.
“It may help,” Cas says, examining Dean’s handiwork.
“I hope I’m not intruding. I imagine you’ve had a difficult couple of days.”
"I've had a lot of indecision lately," he says with vague defensiveness.
Jack limps out alongside Garth, and the moment he’s away from the smoke he tears off his helmet and mask, sucking in the fresh air as if he’s never experienced it before, doubling over with his hands on his knees.
Dean cracks a smile and Cas realizes he wasn't as irritable about the whole thing as Cas had judged him to be. "No, you're right. I'd never really bothered to look up."
"Like I said, long story. But I am a demon after all, and the King of Hell at that. I have resources."
“Carve a pentagram into one and it’ll trap a demon in place while you exorcise it. Can’t move, can’t smoke out. Of course, it hurts their vessels, too, so we try not to use it unless we have to. But hell, sometimes it feels like we’re fightin’ a war, and we get desperate.”
In his periphery, he sees Bart stare at him for a moment. “What, so I didn’t do any good over there, either? We’re just all a bunch of senseless killers?”
"You're going to have hell to pay for that," Dean growls as he straightens and pulls out his own knife.
"You've got to be freakin' kidding me," Dean says under his breath as he looks more closely at the profile picture displayed. The man looks familiar, but it takes him a moment to place him.
Cas sighs in resigned aggravation and turns away. It seems like every time he's almost gotten through to the demon, everything falls apart. He can only hope that with time Dean will stop shutting him out.
He doesn’t bother driving back to his motel, just drives until he finds the parking lot of a long-since-closed gas station and stops, shutting off the car and digging a bottle of tequila out of the trunk.
The tattoos all give the same kind of impression that Cas had first gotten from the demon: cruel elegance. They're beautiful, like he said, but they seem like an overstatement, like—
"I've tried to teach myself the constellations," Cas says, staring at the sky, "but there are still so many I don't know."
He braces his brother’s scapula with one hand and takes his elbow with the other. “Deep breath, on three, okay?”
The girl whips around. "Uh—I—I don't know. Are you…are you a demon?"
“You’ll have to come by sometime. I’ll show you what really good coffee tastes like.”
“Oh, you know.” Max gets that smile on her face she always does when she talks about her girlfriend. “Not taking the SAT as seriously as I am, always trying to distract me when I’m studying.”
"Go," Dean says, looking up but not quite making eye contact with Cas. "Just go away for once. I'm done with you. I'm done with all this bullcrap."
Cas remains silent. He's not sure what to say.
"You know what I did. Don't—don't make me explain this.…"
Dean looks up and takes a deep breath, regaining his composure. "Well, I figure I've got some healing back, since, you know. But according to Crowley, your angel blade should still work."
Sam takes a moment to digest this, but at this point everything's getting so over-the-top that it doesn't take long. "Okay. But—why did you want to kill me? You said…you said you sent that—her—to kill me? And then saved me? I haven't…done anything."
"What are you not telling me?"
Cas cocks his head. "I believe it's an eagle from Greek and Roman mythology, but I couldn't tell you more than that."
The guilt Sam feels when he notices the change is exactly why he has to do what he’s going to do.
Jack frowns. “You don’t know how old I am.”
"No," he sighs, "not necessarily. Eventually I might tell him the truth. I just can't open with it." He takes Cas's arm and looks over at him. "Well, we know the address. Let's go, Ang—Dentist." He smirks.
His gut twists and sinks. He has a feeling he knows where they are.
"Is it?" Dean asks, and then the bottle bursts. Dean flinches and curses as glass and booze spread across the table. He turns his hand over and pulls a few shards of glass out of it. "I'm surprised I can still do that," he says to himself more than to Cas. His tone has lost its anger.
"They say it takes a long time to bleed out from the stomach," Dean says, though he moves his blood-covered hand away from the wound and pulls his jacket to the side.
He looks up to find a tall, decidedly gorgeous man pointing to the seat next to him. It’s not as though there aren’t other places to sit—he’s choosing specifically to sit beside Cas.
"He's not going to hell."
"Everything. Dean's a demon, like me, but not exactly like me. I'm a demon because I died as a human, was sent to hell, and had my soul warped and corrupted until I became a demon." He glances at Sam's horrified expression and adds, "That's normal. Dean, on the other hand, rather had…demonness…forced upon him. He's more volatile, more susceptible to emotions. He started acting different right after we visited your bar, and once you spoke about him as though you knew him—despite my efforts to ensure you two didn't have a meaningful conversation—I became certain you were the reason he'd changed."
"What, about Alastair? He already knows."
He pulls out his cell phone, which thankfully has some service even in this abandoned building, and calls Bobby. It takes him a moment to answer, and he sounds like he just woke up.
The angel pivots and catches the demon in his fist. A glow from Cas’s palm causes the demon to writhe, its roaring scream shaking the building, and it vaporizes. One of the remaining demons dives toward Dean, while the other attacks Cas.
Dean shrugs and starts to prod at Sam’s shoulder. “Can you move it at all?”
He raises his gaze to look at Cas.
“Don’t do this, Cas. This isn’t you.”
"Dean," he says desperately. Dean's eyes flicker and fall shut again. He's conscious on some level, but Cas can't tell how much. "I love you. I love you."
“Really well. I guess I was catching up. I’m surprised you’re not at the Hive.”
"Don't do this," Cas says, scrambling upright again.
"So did you." He sighs and doesn't look at Cas. "I don't know what the hell this is. I mean, I barely know you and I sure as hell don't know...you know, love. I'd be crap at it, anyway. Case in point," he says, gesturing to the room.
“Cas,” he says as he sits down. His dad raises his eyebrows, because he usually only uses his name if a serious discussion is coming. “How do you deal with feeling like you don’t belong anywhere?”
“He told me to give you some space yesterday. I was going to visit you in the ED when I got discharged, but he thought you might need time to process everything.”
Cas steps over and kneels beside him, putting his hands on Dean's shoulders and forcing him to face him. "Why did you do it? What happened?"
How can Crowley even be talking about the same person? Yes, when Sam first saw Dean in the bar, he no doubt had a frightening aura about him, but the person he'd talked to for a few hours last week…he'd been so human.
Dean shakes his head, but Cas can sense Dean watching him carefully as he turns Dean's arm over, as if he's hesitant or self-conscious.
Sam sighs. “I’m not going to let myself feel guilty about trying to live the life I wanted, Bobby.”
The angel sits on the steps of some building and watches people pass by in the cool morning air. He observes, he doesn't interact. Like a statue.
"Dean," the angel says in surprise. "You're the last one I expected to find summoning me."
"I kissed you for a lot of reasons. That…may have been one of them."
"No," Cas says firmly. "If I wanted him dead, he'd be dead already. Is that the only wound you got?"
× × ×
“Why are you saying any of this right now?”
November 1990
"So what, the poison didn't work? What happened? You don't just
, or the Swedes with
But he's already gone.
“I mean, yeah, but it wouldn’t be the same.”
“I only got woken up by one call, but I didn’t sleep very well. Just… anticipation, I guess.”
Thinking back on it, Dean never heard Jack get out of the ambulance. “Oh, Jesus,” he says, standing up. “I’m going to have to have a heart-to-heart with this kid or something.”
"Cas…hand me my phone."
The demon's glare turns into more of a shocked frown and he leans back slightly.
"It's because I haven't killed anything," Dean says. He's still on edge and he throws the towel back to the counter with unnecessary force.
Cas sighs. "I can't go back to heaven. Balthazar told them that I've been…'consorting' with a demon—you in particular. That's…that's an offense, even for me, and I'll probably be permanently exiled if I go back."
“Are you okay, Dean?”
When Dean finishes the pie, he slides off the hood of the Impala and turns the engine off, and with it the lights. Then he grabs a beer and takes a seat beside Cas again.
“Son of a bitch.” He glances at the darkening sky. “So, we’re in the final countdown here and it’s just you and me?”
He turns back with a cocked eyebrow.
They were en route to a collection of demon signs in southern Minnesota when they caught wind of a purebred werewolf preying on residents of a trailer park in Spencer, Iowa. In the past two weeks since Sam rejoined Dean on the road, they’ve been working with Bobby and Ellen to strengthen a network of hunters and get the word out about the threat of a coming apocalypse. The demons, they’ve decided, must have another way out of Hell, because even with the Devil’s Gate long since closed, the number of freak storms, cattle mutilations, and reported possessions has been climbing. And Cas tells him Lilith is breaking seals at an alarming rate—twenty-three down out of the sixty-six.
“Of course we do, but—you really just got hurt in a fire and now you want to smoke?”
Sam tosses the shovels into the trunk while Dean strips out of his bloodstained shirt and scrubs the dried blood off his chest with a washcloth. He made the mistake once of driving back to a motel without changing clothes after a hunt, and he had a lot of explaining to do to the cops when they stopped him for speeding. But it’s cold now, so even though he makes it fast, he’s shivering by the time he throws on a different shirt and his leather jacket on top.
"Crowley…was gonna kill me with some hellhounds. Then he decided not to and stopped them, then visited me at the hospital to explain everything because—he felt guilty, I guess? But he's, like, the king of hell and all, so…I don't really know. I'm insane, basically. And now an angel and a demon decided to pay me a visit."
"That's crap and you know it," Sam says immediately. "Don't you dare think I would rather still think you died in that car crash than actually get to know you. Even if only for a few months."
"Start with money. I usually run credit card scams. You can do whatever, just don't get caught doing anything that'll make the news. It's about that easy."
Cas scowls. "What? I'm not wrong—"
and I'm bleeding and I don't even know you and I…." He stumbles, even though he's just been standing still. Crowley—seemingly involuntarily—puts a hand on his arm to steady him, then removes it immediately. "And I think I'm going into shock."
"I know."
Sam cautiously slides the glasses back on, sees the hound, and immediately pulls them off again. "Why are you showing me this?" he hisses. This must all be some insane, drug-induced dream.
“Sure thing.”
“Well, I’ll be damned. Mr. College Boy remembers who I am.”
He asks for a second drink.
"I wouldn't ask for it," Cas says, moving to stand in front of him, "but this is because of you."
He sighs. "I never expected this to happen, Dean. I knew there might be…complications to using the Mark of Cain, but I didn't foresee this. I thought the two of use could go on ruling hell forever."
The bike takes off and Cas instinctively grabs onto Dean.
Cas glances at Dean, who's lost most of the color from his face. "Yes," Cas says after a moment's hesitation.
"You're not going to like any of them," he warns him. "You already know two. You can succumb to the Mark's temptation and everything will go back to the way it was. You get to live, but you'll be a demon. Believe me when I say that if you do that, there's still a place for you here. I can put everything behind us if you come back. But," he says with a let me finish look as Dean seems about to speak, "you don't seem to like that one very much. So. You could try to resist, as you have been. The noble thing to do. It could take weeks or months for the Mark to waste you away, but eventually it would. There would be a lot of margin for deviation from that path, in which case you'd be back at square one. Which…leaves us with option three. If you're desperate, if you're truly looking for a way out, there's one more choice. You'd have to kill just once more."
“Did you clear us from the hospital?”
“Sam got out.”
Cas's residual confusion from Dean's flirting fades. "If you're lucky, you may not again."
"I knew of you the day you died—many angels noticed that an innocent young boy had died, yet his soul never made it to heaven. Then I saw on the necklace. You must have tried to scratch it out at some point, but I could still see the initials D.W. carved into the back. I remembered the story and had to find out more. It all fits."
“You still got feeling in your hand?”
He lights a cigarette and fills his lungs with smoke as he props his foot up on the chair. If there's one thing he's noticed about Kermit, it's that it's hideous. Flat, dry terrain for as far as the eye can see.
"Dean," Sam interrupts, still frowning. He looks at Cas. "And you must be the angel."
“The first thing you should know about me is that I’m a fucking asshole,” Dean says. “I don’t know why. I blame it on genetics. I keep telling the chief not to let me train the new hires because I scare the shit out of them, but he swears I’m the right person for the job.”
The hellhound crosses the space in a single bound and nudges Dean's waist so hard it nearly knocks him over. The hound does a circle around him before slowing to let him scratch behind his ears.
"Dean!"
Dean's face is still. Blood runs down his cheek again as his head falls to the side. He's gone.
Cas's hand is unsteady as he takes the weapon. "When should I—I can't—"
Jack shakes his head. “How do you cope with all that during a call like this… and still find room inside yourself to comfort someone else?”
Dean smirks, but not in an entirely snide way. "You asking for a goodbye, Crowley?"
“No.” Sam is staring at the pen as he turns it over in his hands. “I think the point of no return was when I saw Jessica burn on the ceiling. It just took me until now to realize it.”
Cas is silent. He's silent for so long that Dean finally glances over at him with an inquisitive look. There's a frown carved into the angel's face and he's staring off into the distance, disturbed.
Sam stares at him. He blinks. "How does that thing exist?" Crowley's response had gone in one ear and out the other.
Dean grabs the rail on the ceiling and leans across the cot to look at something on the other side of the ambulance. Jack notices the tattoo just above his elbow—a traditional-style dagger and rose with a ribbon reading 12·05·54 - 11·02·83. He debates saying something about it, but Dean speaks first.
"I saw the guilt in your eyes the last time we met, Dean. It was human. Do you want to make that any worse?"
"Alright, show me what you know."
One by one, the angels disappear, but Cas doesn't yet follow. Hannah stays behind, seeing him hesitate.
He should've known this long before he selected Amelia Richardson as a target. He should've chosen a different day, or injured Sam so he had to go home and he and Dean would never be in the same place together. But Dean was already suspicious. As long as Crowley didn't do any more to arouse that feeling, they'd be fine.
“Nothing.” The light turns green.
"Dean. Hey."
He needs to do something permanent. Something that will really set him on this insane path to become human again, something he'll have a hard time turning back from.
"The muscles in your right leg were torn, you had a fractured rib, and your shoulder was dislocated. You should be fine now."
Riot suddenly struggles to his feet, ears up and alert. He starts to growl and whimper.
"And I forgive you. You gave me a second shot at…existing. Otherwise, I wouldn't have ever seen Sam again or met Cas. You may have given me the Mark, but you…you took care of me, too. For better or worse, you're family."
"No. But I…I think I will be."
“Okay,” he submits, raising his hands. “I’ll try your cappuccino. Then maybe a red eye.”
if it weren't for me."
"You snore slightly," Cas says as if this is supposed to make everything better. "It's very quiet and nice to listen to."
Of course, he knows if he has to tell himself that so often, it probably isn’t true.
"Well, I
He’s referring, of course, to the Florian cross tattooed on the left side of Dean’s chest, part of a larger design that blends into the sleeve on his arm. Dean remembers Cas’s own tattoo of a gray angel wing wrapping over his shoulder and halfway down his arm.
Morning mist from the river hangs over the fire station as Jack drives up to it, washing it in a pale-yellow glow. He’s a full twenty minutes early, and even though he knows the door code, he feels awkward going in just in case people are still asleep. He parks in visitor parking, because he doesn’t really feel like he can park with the crew, and tries to peer into the bay windows at the fire trucks inside. When he was hired and got a tour of the station—last week—he was excited, elated. That feeling is still there, only now he’s nervous, too. He’s heard about the hazing probationary firefighters face at some departments, and he’s not sure if Eaton Springs is going to be one of them.
"Kermit, Texas." When Dean gives him a look, he adds, "I know it's a bit far, but you've commuted farther. Besides, it wouldn't be as much of an issue if you had transportation better than that bike of yours."
"I need to make a call," he says. "I need a phone, that—that one that was in my coat. Do you have it?"
Cas stands and steps over to him, passing his hand over Dean's to heal it. Dean seems like he's about to say something when instead he chokes and starts to cough. It takes him a few moments to recover. Then he looks at Cas and reaches up to briefly set his hand on the side of Cas's face.
Cas frowns, and it occurs to him. Maybe Dean left. Maybe he checked out early and left Cas to fend for himself.
"Okay," Cas answers stiffly, suddenly wondering why he'd agreed to this. Technically, he hadn't, but—
"Cas."
to feel about kids.”
He smiles. “Maybe. But I gotta be honest—the chances of us being in the same area at the same time again is… pretty slim, man. You know how the job is.”
Dean smiles slightly. "You ever been on a motorcycle?"
"Mother? Hello?" The woman sounds concerned now.
Three days later, Dean limps out of his car and up the stairs to his second-story motel room. He always tries not to get rooms on the second floor, because they’re harder to evacuate, but it was the only one left. There was a sports game or something going on nearby and space was at a premium.
Cas frowns. "So what, then?"
After that, they move on to a new target and a new city. Crowley returns to hell, as he was supposed to before, and Dean decides not to ask any questions about why he'd been a little off. Crowley doesn't always tell him everything and it's never meant much yet.
Jordan nods and opens the car door, then pauses to turn and offer a handshake. “Nice working with you, Dean.”
She smiles and rolls her eyes. Dean's trying to remember her name, but it's not coming to him. "Well, luckily for you, I love to sleep." She stands up and goes over to her pile of clothes at the other side of the bed. "But it's time to get up, big boy, because I'm leaving."
“If I’m being a dick, just call me out on it. That’s what Krissy Chambers used to do—she was on this shift before you, and I trained her, too. She would not take my shit, believe me. I couldn’t count how many times I heard her say, ‘Winchester, you’re being a fucking dick again, snap out of it.’ One time she straight-up walked away from me when I was talking.”
“Fine,” Cas says, and Dean grins.
"I suppose." Crowley pulls out his phone and brings up a picture of a dark-haired woman. "Meet Amelia Richardson. We have a client whose boyfriend ditched her for Amelia, and she sold her soul for revenge. Kill Amelia, we fulfill our end of the deal."
His eyebrow lifts higher. "Go on."
Dean looks taken aback. "Well, yeah, I mean…." He frowns and looks at the ground. "I don't know."
“Yeah, but if you just answer the question,” Dean says, pointing to the demon with his machete, “I can make it quick. If not…” He shrugs and goes back to sharpening the holy wood.
"You're not dys—"
Dean tosses her an annoyed look. “I’m just sayin’. By the time you realize what you left behind, it might be too late to get it back. Nobody gets out of this job once they really start it, you know that.”
“Took you long enough,” he says with a huffed laugh.
"We've still got some time," Dean replies, sweeping the emotion off his face. "Cas and I are going to spend a day to…be normal, I guess. Have some time where we're not dealing with my mess. I owe a lot to that angel. I can never pay him back, but I can at least try to give him something nice to remember me by."
Dean steps inside, then turns to point Jack in the direction he wants him to aim with the attack line. Jack kneels and turns the nozzle on the hose, bracing its kick as the water bursts from the end. The fire flickers and coughs out steam, but the whole wall—it might have once been cabinets above a stove—is aflame, and it seems more powerful than what Jack can knock down with a single hose.
Dean sits up with a gasp. It hurts to breathe from the beating he took earlier. The blood on his cheek has dried slightly and feels sticky.
As Dean falls asleep that night, some time between one and two in the morning, he repeats to himself,
Dean pulls his helmet off and looks up. Then he looks back to Cas. "What am I looking at?"
Sam comes to consciousness slowly. As he becomes aware of things—he's lying down, his head feels heavy, like he's medicated, he can smell disinfectant and fresh linens—he opens his eyes. It takes him a second to glance around and another second to remember why he's in a hospital.
"This stuff works wonders," Alastair says, looking at the mix of deep red blood and purple poison on his blade. "Wherever did Crowley come up with it?"
But Dean didn't truly seem sad when they said goodbye. He seemed settled. He'd come to terms with this, and so would Sam.
All the pain is gone, the blood, the creeping darkness in his vision. He feels like he just woke up from the most rejuvenating night’s sleep he’s had in his life.
“Sounds like a plan. It doesn’t have to be a… I’m not intending for it to be a, you know, a date. Not yet. I mean, maybe some time, I just don’t know—”
"Tired. Mostly tired." He starts to sit up and Cas helps him. He keeps the hand that had been supporting Dean's head on his shoulder instead.
“You stubborn son of a bitch,” it says with its vessel’s female voice. “I guess I’ll kill you slow, then.”
He stops at the crossroads he expects everything to happen—it's a guess, but an educated one—and looks down the road running north to south. He sees a light flick on several hundred feet away.
He fakes a smile, though it feels sarcastic. "No, this'll do."
Cas cocks his head to the side. "For what?"
A final little chapter, basically fluff. Much love to all the readers of this story. I very much appreciate your comments and kudos and the time you took to read it. <3
“I guess so,” Jack says.
Dean blinks slowly. "Why do you keep looking at me like that?" he asks flatly.
He looks at the clock on the bedside table, which says it's 8:30 pm. The numbers don't mean much to him, but can tell it's going to be dark soon and he can't fathom staying cooped up in this room for any longer.
A black motorcycle pulls up to the parking lot of an old bar and its rider kicks down the kickstand. It's dark outside—it's been many hours since the sun set—and drizzling rain patters down on the tin awning that stretches out in front of the bar.
"I know," Dean says quietly. Then he clears his throat and says more loudly, "It's just how I am, Cas. I don't know if I'll ever stop thinking like that."
"You know what's causing it, don't you?"
Sam pauses. "And now?"
Crowley's voice, calm yet slightly urgent. "Dean, I know you probably don't want to hear from me right now, but this is important. Alastair turned up at my throne room the other day and he thinks I'll take him as my second again if he kills you. He's looking for you, Dean, and I don't think it'll be long before he finds you. Don't get yourself killed."
She smiles and shakes her head. “I like doing this. I’m good at it, and I can help people. I think I’ll try to find this Men of Letters headquarters now that I’m not preoccupied with the banshee.”
"Have you ever seen two people ride a motorcycle?" Dean asks, pulling on his leather gloves.
× × ×
"Hi," Cas echoes, then frowns as he realizes he just greeted him twice. "Um. Are you going somewhere?"
But now…he doesn't know what to do. He can't go back to heaven. He knows they'll have been watching him. They'll know about this…affair? Is that the right word? They don't understand or care that Dean isn't really a demon, or how they both gave up everything to commit to curing him. (If, Cas reminds himself, it's even possible.) To the angels, the greater good here would be killing Dean. He's a demon to them, so there is no problem of wasting life, and he's wrought so much destruction upon the world that it simply makes sense.
"If there's one thing heaven should stand for, it's redemption. Please, just try."
He sees Garth and the other member of the search team emerge from the house, Dean between them with his arms looped around their shoulders. Just by the way he moves, he looks like he’s barely conscious. The three stumble out to the yard a safe distance from the house and they set Dean on the grass, taking off his helmet and mask for him.
or some other deflection, but it doesn’t make it past his lips. He’s remembering more now. Hearing Rufus shout over the radio, telling them to get out, there’s smoke coming from the attic. Waking up to pitch-blackness, pinned down, his mask offset just enough to let the smoke in. He pressed his face to the ground to set the mask back in place, but he already felt like he was dying. Every cough and he couldn’t regain his breath with the weight on top of him. He couldn’t see, buried in debris, and he couldn’t hear, his ears ringing. But he felt the heat. For a moment, he was four years old again and terrified that he couldn’t find his mother—for a moment, he was Mary Winchester, trapped and burning alive.
"Here's what you can do," he says to stop her. He's been avoiding hospitals, DMVs, prisons, and airports—anywhere with involved with security or government—for his entire life and, demon or human, he's not about to break that now. "Call my boyfriend. He doesn't have a phone, but he's staying at a motel not far away. Find the number for the Town House Motel, ask for room twenty-eight."
A man stands outside the bar in the rain, observing the actions of the two demons from through the window. His dark hair is plastered to his forehead and water starts to soak into the open trench coat that covers his shoulders. He has a slight frown that forms a single wrinkle between his eyebrows.
About an hour out of town, Dean starts to follow the road up a small hill—the most one can find in Texas. The top is bare, with nothing but some asphalt and a cell phone tower. He pulls in and parks.
"No, I heard you," Dean says, "but what are they?"
Dean shrugs. "I dunno, it's just…it's so human. That probably sounds bad. I don't know. Continue."
Cas lifts his spade, gloves, and empty seed packets. “Peas.”
Dean turns the radio up.
Now Crowley has his proof. He hadn't bothered to visit the cell until now, but after one of the demons told him there'd been a message left for him, he thought it was worth his time.
When it nears time for the Hive to close, Cas reluctantly tells Dean he needs to get back to work so he can get the newly-roasted coffee squared away before dinnertime.
“I should probably put on a shirt,” Dean mutters, turning to grab his shirt off the bed. “So, I guess Lilith’s demons found me.” He pulls the shirt over his head and fishes his necklace out of it. He flashes Cas a grin. “Which means we’re doing a good job pissing her off.”
It laughs and flicks its wrist, tearing his gun from his grasp.
"Sorry," Dean says quickly, pulling away and releasing Cas, who visibly relaxes. "Sorry. Nightmare."
Dean can see a demon appear behind the girl. "Well, you're not the usual type, are you?" the demon asks in a smooth voice.
Nonetheless, they are demons and he's here to eliminate them.
not you."
“And why’s it got to be me, huh? Why does this shit always, always fall on me?”
The cold coursing through Dean now has nothing to do with the temperature. He keeps his expression in check to keep his emotions hidden from his brother, but he hoped Sam would refute it entirely, and in a way he could actually believe. As it is, he thinks Sam is downplaying whatever he’s feeling.
"It's over, Cas. I'm sorry. We both knew failing was a risk when this whole thing started. This is it."
“Because you sound lonely, you idjit. You been callin’ me a lot lately. And I’m glad of it, I just wanna make sure you’re okay.”
Cas frowns. "Why?"
“Is it Lilith?” Sam asks. “The demon possessing the teacher, is it Lilith?”
“Probie! There you are.”
“I’m a businessman,” the demon says, pouring whiskey into a glass. “And at its best, Armageddon is bad for business. At its worst, it’s the end of every demon that exists. Lucifer may have created demons, but only to spite God. He’ll still want to kill us all once we stop being useful to him. So, you ask why I’m helping? Survival.”
But then there's a heartbeat.
He keeps all this from his brother. When he does consider telling him, he always decides against it, not least because he doesn’t want to ruin Dean’s good mood.
Cas puts a hand on Dean's shoulder and suddenly they're standing on a rocky shore beside a pool of water.
"Obviously."
"Why here?" Cas asks with his signature head tilt. He and Dean have carried a conversation for most of the drive here, but it was largely about Sam or Crowley or a similar topic—Cas had never asked where they were going.
“Yeah, but I don’t know any different. I got no idea how to get a job, or open a bank account, or sign a lease, or—hell, I haven’t even renewed my real driver’s license since I turned twenty-one. I was six years old the first time I looked down the barrel of a gun. I’ve never been able to see the world any other way.”
"Be a good boy, pray a lot, and hope you don't end up in my domain?" he asks with a smirk.
“I’m beginning to imagine, maybe… maybe home feels like a human soul.”
"Oh," Cas says, surprised. Then, with a smile, "Yes."
"What's up, buddy? I think you're crazy."
"I mostly sat here." When Dean narrows his eyes at him, Cas offers, "I watched you sleep."
"That was the truth."
“Jo—”
"Damn it," he says under his breath. Then, "Cas, I—I don't know if you're going to hear this, but….I'm really h—hungover right now but I mean it when I say I'm sorry. I don't remember exactly what I said or did last night but I remember enough to know you didn't deserve any of it." He took a breath. "I want you to forgive me, Cas, but I'm not gonna ask you to. I just want you to know that I'm sorry." He pinches the bridge of his nose, trying to think if there's anything else to say. "I have no excuses. Just know, I'm…I'm messed up right now. I mean, I was. Maybe I still am. You know the Mark and what it does when I feel emotions, and—and you make me more emotional than anything…." He knows he's trying to explain himself but it isn't coming across at all. His soft cuss word might make it into the message before he hangs up. He throws the phone onto the bed with more force than necessary. It bounces off and falls onto the carpet, but he doesn't care.
Sam’s resolve wavers. “I know, Dean. I know you did.”
“Dean. I need your help.” Sam’s voice is strained.
Sam isn't sure where exactly Crowley's directing this last statement, but he finds himself no longer angry with the demon. It's not as simple as he thought it was. There's no black and white evil and good. Even the king of hell has emotions.
"Maybe," he says, "but I've never heard of anything that's stronger than the Mark of Cain."
“Apparently.”
. There are words in Enochian, though not nearly enough to capture the diversity of human souls.” He shakes his head, a smile touching the corners of his mouth. When Cas smiles—it’s not terribly common—he looks like he’s not quite sure if he’s allowed to do it, but it softens his face in a way that makes Dean’s gut seize up. “Your souls hide nothing. They’re everything you are, without any of your social performances or lies you tell yourselves or other obstructions.”
"Fine." It's not even a convincing lie this time.
Sam nods.
"Then why do I anger you?" Cas asks, turning but not following him. "How many people have you killed, Dean Winchester? How many times have you wondered whether or not it was the right thing to do?"
"I—I don't think I have anything to say about myself," Sam says, shifting on the couch and putting a hand on Riot's head. "I mean, I'm about as boring as they come."
“I’m feeling like we haven’t met before. You must be the prettiest doctor who works in this place.”
Amelia says some last words to the bartender and Crowley realizes he must have missed something important. She has tears in her eyes now and he looks disappointed and sad. He steps out from behind the bar and gives her a hug.
“Holy… holy…” Cas’s voice breaks.
Dean reaches up with the hand that isn't paralyzed and pinned underneath him and pulls off his helmet.
Maybe he'll never quite know.
“Yeah. Police are evacuating this building next door.”
Cas can feel Dean smile. Dean puts his hand over Cas's and pulls it down to his neck, uncovering his mouth. "You damn liar, Angel."
Then Dean gives Cas a sly sideways look. "So. Castiel. We have some time to kill until we see what we came for."
"Well, it's done now and you have the car, so it doesn't particularly matter," Cas points out.
They're an unlikely pair, one made of leather and silver and smoke and the other of black and paisley and class. But anyone in that bar could take a look at them and know not to mess with one without planning on dealing with the other.
means jack squat to a demon? Your world works very differently than mine, pal."
He carefully sits up, expecting pain in his side, and slides up so he can rest against the pillows. He only gets a slight tightness where his wound is. He wonders what painkiller they must have him on. Raising his right hand to rub his eyes, he sees that it's wrapped in a white bandage and he can barely move it. He uses his other hand instead.
“Yep.”
"Are you gonna be okay?"
“Just try it. It’s pie, no one hates pie.”
Lieutenant Turner flips her off as he walks back inside.
"It's better than killing for all eternity," Cas reminds him cautiously.
Between glances at the road, Dean watches his brother. It’s been less than two years since they killed the Yellow-Eyed Demon, but it feels like it’s been a lifetime since he had Sam in the passenger seat.
He gives her shoulder a small squeeze as he heads back inside.
Dean forces a smile. His eyes look dark in a number of ways—his irises have darkened again, though not to black, and the skin below his dark lower lashes looks sallow. He still has dried blood on his cheek. Any normal man might've looked like he was about to pass out.
“I know.” He drops his gaze. “He told me. The archangel.”
Crowley narrows his eyes. "No. There's also a reason I told you never to come back."
"What did you do to me, Angel?" Dean demands.
"My king," Alastair says dramatically, bowing even though he's being held on either side. "Long time no see."
“Right. Keep an eye out for me, would you? Call Bobby if you find anything.”
"Wait, what?"
He looks up at him. "I've slept a number of times as a demon—never because I was tired, since I never got tired—but I've never had a dream. I haven't had dreams since I was a kid, and I didn't remember what it was like. Damn, I never knew they could be so unpleasant."
Then he leaves, the curtain rasping quietly close behind him, and Dean, suffice it to say, feels Winchester himself—completely disarmed.
He’s interrupted in mid-morning by Jack, who knocks on the doorframe to announce his arrival and stirs Dean from another unpleasant dream. By the time Jack slides the curtain open, Dean can pretend he’s been awake the whole time, though his heart still beats heavily as the flames fade from his mind.
Cas starts the espresso machine and turns to Dean with a slight smile. “I didn’t invite you here to fix my oven.”
Crowley has been both a father and friend to Dean throughout the years. He turned the human boy into a demon entirely for his own benefit; there's no doubt there. But he'd quickly grown rather fond of the child. He'd had to stand by the boy often to keep him from the abuse of other demons and from the hounds that so badly wanted to rip him apart. He'd failed on both accounts a couple of times, so terribly unaccustomed to having a responsibility like that, but it hadn't taken him long to learn to keep Dean by his side. Dean took strongly to Crowley after the first few years and liked to do everything Crowley did, even bossing other demons around.
"Buddy…" Sam complains, lowering his book. Riot's been on edge for weeks now, especially since his shoulder got wounded, so this behavior isn't unusual.
Dean laughs and puts his head in his palm. "Oh, man." He looks back up and meets Cas's eyes, smiling with patience but amusement. "Cas, do you want to have sex?"
"If I off myself, my soul comes straight here, doesn't it?"
Dean looks annoyed. "Well, the word is familiar, but no."
"I am aware of that."
“I take that back, I don’t want a cigarette.” He swallows down the retrospective horror of that sensation and shoots a smirk at his brother. “But I do need nicotine, or I may actually withdraw.”
“I think it was a job,” Cas says, meeting his gaze. “I think it was a job, and I think I’m still coming to terms with the suffering I caused while doing it. I’m not asking you to feel the same way.”
"Right," Crowley says, and he finishes his drink. He stands. "What's your name?" he asks, though of course, he already knows.
"No." He shakes his head and picks up his phone from the couch. "If I'm going to talk to him at all, I'll have to construct a lie. I mean, god knows what that would…" He frowns. "I have a message? From—" he unlocks the phone and checks his voicemail, "—Crowley?" He looks at Cas. "Did my phone ring while I was out on the bike?"
The demon, whom Dean unsurprisingly doesn't recognize, doesn't speak, but the girl gasps. It must have been the eye trick.
Cas accepts the container of pie with great skepticism, but does as asked and takes a bite.
× × ×
And then there's Crowley. Sam has to admit to himself that he's been thinking about the king of hell a lot lately. He's all too aware that Crowley had kept from him and Dean that they were related, and feels he has no choice but to confront him about it.
"Cas, I'm bored," he declares, sitting at the tiny motel dining table with his feet propped up on it. This is the first room they've decided to share.
He shakes his head, stepping back farther, looking at his hands as if they aren’t his. “What have you done to me?”
“What the hell’s going on?”
Jack shakes his head and pulls against Garth as they reach the doorway. “We have to find him.”
He’s been waiting for years to find someone who can do that, and he has no reason to think Dean will be the one. They barely know each other, really. But Dean keeps showing up, and Cas welcomes him every time, even if he offers so little. Cas thinks he sees past Dean’s scar tissue, sees that he carries a passion he doesn’t let surface—but Cas could be seeing it because he wants it to be there.
"What happened?" Cas asks cautiously.
Dean breaks their eye contact and looks down at Cas's hand on his arm. He lets go of Cas's shirt. "You're right, dammit." Though he's still frustrated and he feels his rage like concrete in his chest, he smiles slightly and pushes it down. "Always the angel on my shoulder, eh, Cas? In which case, I guess I'm my own devil."
Then, "I can't do it." He lowers the knife, then holds it hilt-out to Cas. "Could you—"
× × ×
"You're not human," she says, casually but with a hint of wariness. "Why else would you think you can heal in seconds and you be able to get here so quickly from a motel several minutes away without a car?" she asked, gesturing to each of them. "So…I'd say demons based on the powers, but obviously neither of you are demonic and they can't heal others, so…what is it?"
"Well technically," Dean smirks, spreading his arms, "I'm already dead. It may be no life, but it's one hell of a way to spend your death."
"No. Dear god, no. I don't—I don't need proof. And I certainly don't need to take a trip to hell with a demon."
“Yeah, I guess. How’s Jack doing, is he okay?”
Dean nods. "I didn't know what else to do. He knows more about the Mark than I do, that's for sure. And I'm starting to think maybe…I dunno. But that's the plan. I just thought I'd come to ask for the blade and…say goodbye."
The next day, Dean is on the medical floor for observation. Aside from episodes of horrid nausea, his condition hasn’t worsened enough to indicate his lung re-collapsed or his brain has started bleeding, and he’s determined to be discharged by the end of the day, whether the doctor agrees or not.
Dean teases his boot laces out of their double-knot and tugs on the tongue of the shoe enough to slip it off and toss it in the corner. He does the same on the other side, noticing idly that the leather is horribly stained and creased, the sole coming apart from the heel. These boots have been dragged back and forth across the country, seen a lifetime’s worth abandoned floors and graveyard dirt. He’s had them about three years now.
“Yep, that’s gonna scar,” he says through an exhale, starting to wrap the wound with roller gauze.
“I don’t think that’s…”
"The stars. They're only starting to be visible, but this is a good vantage point."
He does notice, peripherally, that Dean’s car has gold-and-red Kansas firefighter plates, but in the midst of everything, he doesn’t think anything of it.
Dean looks up at him. "They are? How do you know?"
The demon flinches as the stake starts to draw blood. “She has—yes, she has a few demons she works closely with, but I don’t know where they are.”
Any personal problems the brothers might be having always disappear when they’re at work. They haven’t spoken since the restaurant parking lot, but their frustrations always come second to their patients.
He answers. "Dean."
“Yeah, yeah,” Sam says with a bit of a smile. “How were her vitals?”
Jack meets his eyes briefly. “Thank you.”
“You’re not gonna stay much longer either, are you?” Jo asks, watching him.
They sit in silence for a few moments. Silence is comfortable with Cas. It hasn't always been, but by now the two know how to coexist, and coexisting feels nice.
After what he’s seen, Dean almost wants to give up right here. But Sam’s just a few feet away. Jo is on the other side of the room, out cold. That’s why he can’t let go just yet—he can’t let what’s left of his family die, and he can’t let himself die if he has anything left to give.
Dean bites his tongue until they sit down next to each other in the cab, and then he can’t help it. “What the fuck happened back at the house? You were like a goddamn deer in the headlights, and nothing was even happening.”
“Well, how do I stop her?”
"So now you want to do it?"
"How long have you been here?"
It lasts only a couple seconds before Cas pulls away. Dean's eyes open more slowly and Cas can see none of the buried violence he usually finds in the demon's expression. And unless Cas is imagining it, he can see tiny hints of green in Dean's irises.
“It’s okay, I’m fine,” Jack says. “You couldn’t have known.”
Across the room, in the doorway to the bathroom, Dean is on his knees, doubled over as he vomits blood onto the tile. The rest of the hotel room is a disaster; the television is smashed on the floor, the standing lamp has been knocked over and its light bulb shattered, the paintings that were on the walls are scattered across the carpet, and a single knife is embedded in the wall.
Dean stands and grabs his jacket off the back of the chair, shrugging it on over his flannel. Sam couldn't help but wonder how he didn't get hot in all those layers. "I'll call and let you know when I'm headed back here."
The man sitting up doesn’t look like he knows how to put the tourniquet on, so Dean does it for him, twisting the handle until the flow of blood out of the wound slows, then strapping it in place.
Dean looks at him expressionlessly for a few seconds, then turns his right arm over and holds it out for Cas to see. "This. This happened."
Cas's eyes narrow momentarily. Then he starts to nod and glances out the window at the sky. The sun is starting to set.
× × ×
For once, he’s glad to have ended up in an ER last year, because at least his tetanus shot is up-to-date.
Dean tries to keep their time on scene short. This patient has the potential to deteriorate fast, and she needs inhaled steroids, not albuterol, which means she needs to get to the hospital. He gets IV access in the back of the ambulance, as Jack gets the first full set of vitals, then tells Jack to head for the hospital, lights and sirens.
Garth shakes his head. “I don’t know. Sometimes it’s not about saying and more about listening. Dean’s good at this stuff, just give him a bit.”
Dean straightens slightly and says nothing. His heart is still pounding and he's focused on the angel he almost got to kill, wishing he could sink his knife into his chest.
It's not just here, though. Everywhere, everything feels that way. These mood swings from rage to despair and the constant battle to suffocate both have left Dean exhausted. It's starting to sink in that this is going to have to end sooner or later.
Castiel has never felt so helpless.
Dean snorts and steps up next to Crowley's throne so that he can pat the hellhound Juliet on her head. "I think you know me better than that." Juliet growls because she hates everyone but Crowley. She tolerates Dean, though, since she, like every creature in hell, knows to fear him. "Where's Ophelia?"
This is the part Dean isn't certain how to say. "I want…I don't know, I'm guessing this is stupid at this point. But I want to…I wanna find out who my parents were." He glances at Cas, who has his head tipped to the side and a slight frown on his face. "I mean, I remember them, vaguely." He stares out the window. "My mom's name was Mary. She had long blonde hair and this…this beautiful smile. She'd sing me…I think it was Hey Jude," he says with a slight laugh, "instead of lullabies. And my dad…John. He was hard to make laugh, but Mom could always do it if she wanted. Sometimes he'd let me sit on his lap while he drove down our street, which I thought was just the coolest thing." He shakes his head. "He had this big black car from, like, the sixties. I don't really remember it, except that he loved it."
“Uh-huh.” As usual, Bobby is buying none of Dean’s bullshit. “Have you talked to Sam anytime recently?”
Something about his interaction with the man named Crowley earlier strikes him as odd. He doesn't really dwell on it—he's had far stranger conversations with customers—but he feels like the man knew something he didn't.
“Okay. I’ll patch you up there, we’ve got to bail before the cops get here.”
“Anyone else, are you kiddin’ me? There’s no one better. Who else is not only capable of taking out multiple demons on his own, but willing to drop everything to pull your ass out of the fire?”
Cas glances down at his old tattoo, the silhouette of dog tags, and drops his hand into his lap. “Myself.”
“Yo. What’s up, Sammy?”
Cas returns to the other side of the bike. "There's a star on each side of those, almost in line with them. And one below them to form the cross."
“Nah. I’ll be fine. Haven’t needed it yet.”
“There aren’t words in English for it. Or Hebrew, or any human language. Perhaps the Greeks came the closest with
"We'll make it through this, Dean. I'm an angel, I can fix you—I'll find a way. You'll have time to make this up to yourself." He steps forward and hesitantly traces the demon wings on Dean's back with his finger. "You're not a bad person. I've already said that, but I mean it."
He takes it as Crowley leaves the bar. Dean turns to Cas. "You know, for an angel, I'd expect something a little more…" He looks Cas up and down and smirks with a small shrug. "Impressive."
"What the hell just happened? W—why are you here?"
“Took you long enough,” Sam says.
“Hang on, I want to check one more thing.”
“Are those people going to survive?”
Dean pushes away from the wall. “Lilith said to keep Sam alive. You were out, you didn’t hear it. I don’t know if Sam did. But I know what I heard. And if she wants him alive, there’s no way he’s the one who’s supposed to kill her. Wherever Sam’s visions are coming from… it ain’t Heaven. And they aren’t leading him toward stopping the apocalypse. He’s spent too much of his life being manipulated by demons to suddenly be God’s chosen one.”
“Just answer the question.”
"Thanks, Angel."
"I would never."
"Awesome," Dean says, taking the map. "But do we have anything that will actually kill an angel?"
The crossroads is near the edge of town and he only sees it at a distance first.
“Why didn’t you tell me about this, man? The visions, the killing demons, any of it?”
Sometimes, the loneliness is like drowning. Sam, Dad, Bobby, Ellen, Jo—people he’s hunted with, people he’s loved. All came and went. One way or another, he always ends up alone, and he knows it’s better that way, if he could just remember to keep it that way….
“Dean. Dean, are you okay?”
“I mean it, Dean. You—you are a good person, you always have been. Me? I’m angry all the time, I’m selfish. Since I was kid, I’ve known there was something evil in me. I’ve always known, and I’ve just been denying it, over and over again.”
The demons exchange looks.
"Sammy—"
Cas lets himself sob, doubled over the man in his lap.
“What are you—”
Savagely, he spits blood onto the earth. He can’t face Lilith like this. It’s too late.
"I—I don't believe you. There will be a way, Dean."
"Sam," the bartender answers with a smile.
Jack takes a sip of his latte—white chocolate caramel is his favorite, usually reserved for times when he’s stressed or upset or generally in need of a pick-me-up—then carries it over to the table.
He trots to catch up with her as she heads for the door to the apparatus bay. “Wait, you mean you’re not on my shift?”
"Come on, let's just go," the fourth demon, who hadn't yet spoken, says. "We can find him."
Sam leans forward with his forearms on the counter and shrugs. "No, I could use some time to think about someone else's problems instead of my own. Do you want another drink, though?"
“Okay. I’ll lead. If you can’t see me, make sure you can still hear me or touch me, okay? If you get disoriented, remember you can follow the hose back out.”
"No, I think I get it," Jo says suddenly.
Instead of trying to fill the silence, Dean takes a long swig of bourbon. It still astounds him, in a way, that he spent two whole years with his brother as his hunting partner for the first time in his life, and now he can barely hold a conversation with him.
“How long have you been with the fire department?” It’s the first thing Jack can come up with.
"I know you don't like to, but kill him quickly. As fast as you can."
The light turns on again.
"I don't care, man. Just—don't trust him."
"No. Still no. I think I've had enough of…all of this for a day."
"I can just tell."
They come from all sides. The knife works on them—he slashes and stabs and tears as much as he can—but not well enough. In the harsh light, in the pure adrenaline, he can’t tell what blood is theirs and what is his.
He's kept all of this from Dean so that he can surprise him when it's done. Maybe if he hadn't been distracted with the whole idea, he would've noticed the spattering of blood on the floor by the window, or the crushed box of cigarettes. Maybe if he'd truly been able to sleep instead of shut down the way angels do, he would've awoken when Dean left early, early in the morning, long before he would've agreed to meet with his brother.
“No, I mean—you’re doing it again.”
Eyes wide, body shaking, she gives a tiny nod. She’s dressed in pink, her hair in bantu knots—she looks so innocent and so terrified Dean wishes he could truly protect her, not just from the demon but from the memory of all of this.
"Don't you dare light that in my throne room."
Dean rubs a hand over his face and rifles through the pile of books to see if there’s one he hasn’t checked by now. This part, the research—this was what Sam was always so good at. Give Dean something to kill and he’ll have it dead by the end of the day, but the research? His brother was the specialist there, and progress is slower now than it ever was during the two years they spent hunting the yellow-eyed demon.
Eventually, though, it must have happened some time around 3:00, because he doesn't remember anything after that.
“How much do I owe you?”
Cas just shakes his head and follows Dean through the lot.
"Have you ever felt awe?"
"Then count on me now, man. Don't contradict me the way you always try to."
He remembers encountering the demons and Alastair sticking a knife in his back. He remembers Dean healing him, though he can't recall details about it—it had been surreal, like he knew Dean was there, could feel him, but couldn't quite reach him, as if the barrier between heaven and hell kept them apart.
Dean gets to his feet, the sinking dread growing in his chest. He turns to the church steps and begins to climb them.
Station life is unlike anything he’s ever been a part of. It’s raucous and vulgar yet heartwarming and loving all in the same. Jack looks forward to the banter, the movie nights, the wild tales the more experienced firefighters tell. He geeks out with Garth over old comics, gets an enlightening lecture about whiskey from Rufus, and laughs at the look on Dean’s face when it’s 2 AM and they get a call for something that isn’t really an emergency.
Jack glances at him, clearly unsure where this is going.
Cas a moment of clarity above his arousal as he makes his way to the men’s room. It’s absurd, the whole thing—he hasn’t flirted like this or, god forbid, fucked in a public restroom since he was in his twenties. But maybe that’s part of what’s so enticing about it.
He can’t see much through the darkness and blood, but he sees the flaming sword appear again in Castiel’s free hand, drawn back and pointed at Dean’s chest. Dean lifts his uninjured arm, grasping Cas’s sleeve, then his wrist.
"So, what's up?"
Cas slides the cup into a sleeve and hands it over. “Eaton Springs seems to think so.”
Dean is overflowing with sealed bottles waiting to shatter.
Sam throws his hands in the air and walks away, joining his wife in their car. Dean sits on the hood of his 2016 Impala and smokes the rest of his cigarette in the parking lot.
He closes his eyes and starts to say the incantation he'd only memorized a few weeks back. It's long and tedious and requires careful pronunciation, but in just over a minute, he's done.
Crowley sighs. "I don't regret giving you the Mark, even if you want me to. We had good times. There will never be another you, Dean."
Dean studies him and then says, "I'll be back" and heads out the doors.
Dean scans as much of the convent grounds as he can see out the windshield. “I don’t see a one. I’m guessin’ they’re all inside, waiting. If there are any. It’s hard to tell what’s a demonic omen and what’s regular apocalypse shit at this point, but it’s not like they’re trying to stop him. Did you get any other hunters on board? I could barely get anyone to pick up.”
His dad sets a latte on a saucer in front of him. He’s poured a tulip pattern with the steamed milk. “No one could possibly have a good reason to dislike you, Jack. He’ll come around.”
"You're not wearing a shirt."
Dean is suddenly only a few inches from Cas, his hand gripping Cas's shoulder with his thumb in the hollow of the angel's throat. Despite the demon's unnervingly fast movement and aggressive posture, Cas doesn't flinch.
Dean sees the tears well in his brother's eyes.
Dean is pissed. Sam can tell during the drive to the inn, while he explains what he’s been doing but circuits the part about praying and visions. And while of course Dean puts his shoulder back in place and helps him clean the wound on his leg with the same careful, matter-of-fact attention he always uses, he’s pissed while he’s doing that, too.
Dean leans forward and kisses him. He tastes slightly of blood, but Cas doesn't really mind. He's been longing for the feeling of Dean against him and around him ever since the first time they kissed. It's not a purely sexual desire by any means; he wants it for the sake of itself, for the sake of knowing that someone wants to be close to him.
Dean's expression breaks into a full sneer. "You pretend to read me, but you're a joke." He shoves past Cas to go back to the front of the bar.
“Are you hunting again? Since when?”
"Fine," he says tightly, turning back to Castiel. "I'll consider it. That doesn't mean I want to be human. But maybe…maybe it's better that way."
Amelia leaves the bar and the king of hell knows it will be only seconds before she's dead.
He shakes his head, but he can't fully find it in himself to argue. "You don't—you're sure this is what you want to do? This is your only option?"
“I’m good.” His ankle isn’t in a splint, which means it wasn’t broken, though he favors it slightly as he crosses the room to Dean’s bedside. “I met your brother yesterday. I mean really met him, not just in passing. He’s smart. And tall.”
"Yes."
"Cas?"
Dean has learned a little more about his target and he finds it odd that she would come to a place like this. It's not a low-class bar, by any means, but he often thinks of places like this as being for people with no ambition and this Amelia—this veterinarian—doesn't seem that type.
“How long have you been able to do that?”
Dean sighs and steps closer to Cas. "Try," he says quietly.
"Fine. You don't need to." Dean runs a hand through his hair. "I'm feeling generous right now, so how about this; I'm gonna check into a different place in a town a few miles from here. You can follow along while I find a computer and hack an account. I'll get us each a room and we can spend the next few days teaching you how to be a human." He piles his handful of belongings into the bag he can strap to the back of his bike and grabs his key off the counter. "No promises on any of this, of course. In an hour I might decide I want to kill you again."
Castiel appears in front of the car. Eyes wide, he looks at Lilith, then at Sam. Then his eyes meet Dean’s.
"Well, I figured once you were dead, Dean would eventually come back and we could continue running hell as before."
“Yeah,” he says, somewhat grudgingly. As Dean pulls out the bottle of whiskey from the first aid kit and takes a swig himself, Sam adds, “Hey, let me ask you something. I didn’t see what happened back there, but… you took out three demons on your own. Like they were just regular monsters. I know I’m a little rusty, but even a year ago we couldn’t have done that without getting our asses handed to us. How’d you do it?”
Cas lowers his head, turns it slightly toward Dean. “No. I don’t consider Heaven a home. But I suppose… I don’t really know what one would feel like if I had it.”
“I’m sure that’ll get better with time.”
Dean grits his teeth. “I mean, why are you giving it to me?”
"Dean?" Cas asks cautiously.
"It—what? How do you know?"
"I had a nightmare," Dean says slowly. "I had a nightmare."
"Where's your angel boyfriend?"
Dean breathes a sigh of relief. It helps, too, that he just got another dose of narcotics, and the pain is lessening. “Damn, what is that?”
“I guess I’ll text her,” Jack says.
“What the fuck, man?” Dean says, glowering. He reaches back to find the grip of his pistol, but doesn’t draw it.
After several weeks there, Jody takes a moment to pull him aside and ask how things are going.
“I have to be at the coffee shop this afternoon, but you should come visit. I’ll make you a coffee and show you around. And the park is across the street. I’m sure I’ll have time to step out for a bit.”
He's silent for a moment. Then his expression sets in determination and he looks up at her. "You can't take him to hell."
“Stow it, both of you,” Jo snaps, stepping between them, sounding so much like her mother. “We can play blame games later.” She looks at Castiel. “Why did you heal us? And if you can smite hellhounds like that, why not go kill Lilith yourself?”
In the morning, the station smells of coffee and Pine-Sol, and people’s bags are in the hallway as they trade rooms at shift change. Jack leaves his bag outside the door of the room they said would be his and wanders to the common area. There are two coffee mugs on the logo-engraved table and a sweatshirt slung over a chair, but no one is around. The fluttering in his gut gets a little more frantic, and he starts to wonder if he came in at the wrong time, or if he’s about to be the subject of a prank.
Sam rolls his eyes. “I’ll put in an order. Don’t expect it for a while, though. You still need a CT, a chest tube, and some x-rays.”
"I believe you humans call it Costa Rica."
He doesn’t turn back as he checks the contents of the ambulance drawers. “How old are you?”
"I believe you."
Dean's eyebrows settle and he shrugs. "Okay, so what do you want from me?"
He stands where he can see all three demons—they curse and struggle, but can’t move—and starts to recite,
“Hey, Dean. How are you, really?”
He gets up from the couch and beckons the dogs to come outside with him. He crosses the parking lot to his garage, which isn’t where he parks his blue 2016 Impala, but instead where he keeps an old, bittersweet relic of his turbulent childhood.
“I don’t know, Dean. I’ve done it before. I learned how, I guess. If you’re trying to get me to consider going back—”
“What the fuck was that?” Dean asks.
"One thing at a time," Dean says, holding up a hand to stop Cas as he walks over to what's left of his bike. Most of it is still in one piece, though it's nearly unrecognizable. The front half of it is smashed around the lamppost while bits of metal and plastic lay spread across the ground around it.
Cas chuckles. "That was twenty minutes ago, Dean."
“Hiya, Sammy. How’s life?”
Cas spreads his hands weakly, trying to come up with another way to say this.
Cas nods, but frowns as he turns to look out the rain-spotted window.
He’s doing it. He’s actually taking a chance on Cas.
Castiel reaches out and presses a hand to Dean’s chest. Burning pain flares up across his chest and around his sides, and he shoves Cas’s arm away.
"No. You don't understand how that thing works. If you stop killing, you're going to die. You don't just get to magically go back to being human."
"When I got close to you," Dean growls, his upper lip pulled into a snarl, "the first thing I thought about was how nice it would be to stick a knife in your back. I could kill you, Cas; I would kill you, and the idea that we could ever be close without me getting that urge is absurd."
“I’m sorry,” Jack offers weakly.
"You're still holding onto me."
"Hey." He shifts so he can reach up and put a hand on the side of Cas's face. "I'm okay with this. I mean, I have to be, but…." He shakes his head. "It's okay. I've come to terms with it. Besides, hell is Crowley's domain. And he may not seem like it, but he's a pushover."
“Look, his oven has—it doesn’t matter, we ordered delivery.”
"Dean, you called me here. You can let me help you, or you can remain this way forever."
Dean slides out from under the Impala to see Jo smirking down at him, a beer in each hand and a folder tucked under one arm.
He'd only gone unconscious for a few minutes back in his apartment, but when he'd woken up, the man from the bar was nowhere to be found and he could hear sirens outside. So Crowley had called 911 instead of just driving Sam to the hospital, which was only a few minutes away.
Jack is still asleep when Cas heads out to start weeding. It’s the first time he’s been home overnight since his last shift, and apparently it was a busy one.
Dean comes to after only a few seconds. His eyes open suddenly and he starts back into consciousness. His eyes look to be a lighter shade of green than they'd been a moment ago.
Sam watches the hound warily as it stands, but it seems to have no interest in him. Since he can see it, he remembers he still has the glasses on and pulls them off. They probably look ridiculous.
"I've learned a lot. She tried to break down on me once. Besides, some of the parts aren't so different than my old motorcycle, and I fixed that thing up all the time."
"You need me to heal you again. You look terrible."
"You'll have to stay with this lie forever, you know."
"No. Stay put. At least until your boyfriend gets here."
"Because I haven't started driving yet."
He gives him a relaxed sort of smile and nods. He follows as Cas grabs his shirt gets out of the car to return to where they'd been earlier at the hood. "I noticed how much you liked looking at them when we were out before. But that…didn't end so well, so…." He shrugs and puts his hands in his pockets, sitting on the front of the car to look up at the sky. "Maybe I don't get the appeal, but…maybe I don't have to."
He stares at his phone for a long time before finally dialing the number Crowley had left him.
"You good to go back?" Dean asks as he slows and sweeps the bike in a 180.
“Y-you’re an angel.”
"There's a point in life where you learn not to ask questions you don't want to know the answer to. It seems you haven't reached that point yet."
“That makes one of us.” He leans back against the building, resting his head against it and looking up at the sky. It’s too overcast to see the stars.
“I could help.”
Reluctantly, Jack gets out and follows Dean around to the back of the ambulance. Dean steps up inside and sits on the bench seat, gesturing for Jack to take the CPR seat across from him.
Jack takes another sip of his mocha. “Is that what you’re trying to do here? With the Hive?”
“Still—”
Crowley can see the gears in Dean's brain turning. Then he looks up. "You would help me if I actually went through with this? You're not trying to stop me or convince me to come back—at all?"
"Fine. Keep him out of this monster crap, okay? He deserves better than that."
Jack frowns and looks over at her. “Do I need luck?”
Jody smiles. “You know what I mean.”
"I know, I just…. I finally found my brother again and I didn't want to screw it up. Besides, part of me was still denying that it's going to happen."
"That's my angel for you," Dean says, amused.
Crowley steps a little closer. "You're not delusional, Sam. All of this has been real. You weren't delusional when you got attacked. But the wounds are real. How do you explain getting torn up by something you can't see?"
Dean leans against the side of his car and looks out at the lonely road in front of the inn. It's freshly dark out and the air still feels warm and stale from the daytime. It feels confining, like it's pressing in from all sides.
“Dean.” There’s panic in her voice. “Shit, shit. They found me. There’s black smoke trailing my car, they’re catching up to me.”
Dean spreads his arms slightly and looks down at himself. "I guess they might be distracting if you've never seen any before. I got most of them when I was in my twenties, but I've had them retraced."
“Yes, sir.”
“We’ll talk about this later, come on. Can you walk?”
So, he’ll proceed cautiously, just scope things out in Utah. He’s not giving anything up yet.
Dean pauses, his gaze trailing down to the demons’ blood stains on Jordan’s denim jacket. It’s better to let his gaze rest there than on Jordan’s face, somehow—he’s attractive, a tall Black man with a sharp hairline and dark, lively eyes. He must be about thirty, fairly young for a hunter, not unlike Dean.
And Jack hasn’t brought his own dinner since. Dean was right; there is a certain bonding that happens over shared dinners, and Jack would’ve hated to keep missing out on it. Often, Dean cooks, and he’s pretty damn good at it—his burgers, in particular, are artisanal masterpieces—but everyone has their specialty. Garth is best at comfort foods and brownies, and Rufus can grill anything. No one eats pork for dinner because Rufus is Jewish, and no one makes fish because Garth has an allergy. And even on the days they don’t have time to cook, they’ll order a couple of pizzas and sit around the table to share them.
Dean swings a leg over his motorcycle. "What am I gonna tell Crowley?" he asks flatly.
Cas picks his trench coat up off the bed. "Where?"
"I've changed your entire existence," he says, looking down at the dark hair matted in blood on the boy's forehead. "Corrupted it, most would say. You could've just died and gone to heaven. One more life ended early." He brushes the hair off Dean's forehead, easing it away from the drying blood. "But I need someone like you. I've always been alone, you know, and I've been fine with that. It does get lonely, though, this whole king of hell thing. Everyone fears me, and that's exactly where I want them. But I need a single person—a single demon—who doesn't fear me. That's who you are, Dean. You'll be the one I can trust. You'll be the one whom I understand fully, because I will know everything you are. I'll have made everything you are." He shifts positions and looks around at the tiny snowflakes floating like dust from the sky. "This is a risk for me to do this. I could lose a lot of respect bringing someone as pure and human as you back with me to hell. But they'll learn, and you'll learn. You'll be a killer. Your existence will depend on murder, but by the time it matters, you won't care. You'll live for it." He sighs. "I would be sorry, but…I'm not. I'm giving you a second chance. Wake up, Dean Winchester. Open your eyes."
“You wanted to know what was going on with all the demons. That’s what’s going on. Look, man, I’m still giving you a choice here. I know you were set to finally graduate in a couple months. And it’s not like I could blame you for wanting to keep this kind of weight off your shoulders.”
Cas knows he's not prepared for either.
Sam shakes his head. "What was?"
He's about to slash into the angel's back when someone grabs him from behind, one arm around his chest and the other holding his knife hand in place.
Dean shakes his head and remembers to scowl. He puts his cigarette back between his lips and makes no effort to keep the smoke out of the angel's face as he leans forward and snatches the necklace back. "I take it that poison doesn't work on angels."
The demon just looks at him.
“Of course I got an IV.”
"Yes, look, he's not seeking me out or anything; I called him up. I just had to know why kept us in the dark."
Cas nods. There's a pause, and then he says quickly, "About what happened down there, I should explain—"
Cas's vision starts to swim and he blinks several times in confusion. "It was something about Crowley's second-in-command, he…took me off guard…." He's seeing dark spots now and his hearing starts to fade out. "Balthazar…what's happening…?"
"Just believe me." He does a mental check to see if he feels any better, but strangely, it seems nothing has changed.
He stares at the words printed across the pen in his hand. There’s one thing he knows for certain, and it’s that he’s not going back to Stanford.
Cas doesn’t respond. His gaze slides down to Dean’s chest before he starts to look faintly amused. “I really should have realized you were a firefighter the night we met.”
“And Jo and Ellen?”
Jack gets to know the people who aren’t on his shift as well—namely Lieutenant LaFitte, a large Louisiana man with a smoky voice and a unique chemistry with Dean. Jack encounters Chief Singer again for the first time since he was hired, and he often sees Jody at shift change.
“You bet they do. They don’t understand how you haven’t starting using nicotine or dropping the word ‘fuck’ into every sentence, though.”
Crowley continues calmly. “It’s what Azazel was working toward for years—making the right little minion to release Lucifer. A human who can kill a demon with their bare hands, and who, in the process, becomes a demon themselves. Reversal of the natural order and such.”
He raises his head and looks around. Kermit isn't busy, by any means, but people are out and about doing normal human things.
He shakes his head. “Is any of this real? I mean, I know I haven’t been the picture of mental stability recently, but if you’d told me six months ago that I would be here, sharin’ pie with an angel and staring down the apocalypse, I would’ve asked what the hell you’d been smoking. I mean” —he gestures broadly around him— “is any of this even gonna be here in another six months?”
And as fun as the job can be, it can also be heartbreaking.
Cas flicks the blade into his hand and holds it out to Dean, who, after a second of hesitation, takes it.
Sam laughs. “How do you fuck up a pizza?”
"I think it is," Dean whispers as he pushes the angel blade between Cas's ribs. The angel gasps and chokes from the pain. "It's the only thing I know."
Dean yanks Cas to the side by the collar of his coat just as a truck speeds by, blaring its horn at them.
“Lazy fuck,” Dean says, sitting heavily in the recliner next to him. “Have you even been on a call since I got stuck on the box?”
“Yeah, yeah. He’s still a punk-ass kid to me.”
Cas narrows his eyes and takes it, holding it between his finger and thumb. Dean watches with amusement as Cas puts it between his lips, wrinkling his nose. As soon as he inhales, he chokes and coughs, glaring at Dean, who chuckles. Cas drops the cigarette and steps on it, extinguishing it.
Dean doesn’t watch him leave this time. He walks back to his own car, plunges the key into the ignition, and peals out of the parking lot.
"Oh, come on." He offers the smoking roll to Cas. "You try it."
Jack tries to find the right way to answer.
“Morning,” he says, sitting on the step as Cas walks up.
"You're not going to give me a choice, are you?" Cas asks.
When they get to their destination, Dean finds parking a few blocks away from the restaurant. The slight shower that had sufficed for New Mexico rain has stopped, but the ground still holds a little moisture, which reflects the streetlights and neon window signs.
“Maybe it’ll be good,” Jack says with his usual sunny optimism. “It seems like you never do anything fun outside of work.”
“Are you coming back for beers with us?” Eileen asks, looking at Dean.
"Dean, what are you doing?"
Cas nods, folding his arms as he steps up to Dean’s bed. “A little bruised. They say at worst, he has a mild concussion and broken ankle.”
“I think there are demons picking off hunters on purpose, Dean. It sounded like she got attacked right before the call dropped.”
Cas sits on the edge of the bed near the foot. “It seems like this might be a chronic not-fine-ness. Just brought to a peak by what happened yesterday.”
Dean takes a deep breath and shakes his head. “Don’t worry about it, kid. I probably got the name wrong.”
Crowley quirks an eyebrow. "You're being awfully friendly there, Moose."
"What about my brother?"
"Of course." Cas, who's dressed in only his boxers and his trench coat, perches at the edge of the pool, where he can sit with only his feet in the water.
He stands there for several seconds, holding both knives with a grip tight enough to snap a man's neck, chest heaving from adrenaline and the purity of pain. He looks at the bodies around him. This all may have happened in a back street, but he's guessing someone saw and called the police. His time is limited.
“Cas.”
“I’m okay, thanks,” he says.
Dean laughs, and Cas is fairly certain it's the first time he's heard him laugh out of genuine, cheerful amusement. "Come on, Angel. I think I've threatened your life before, that's less romantic."
Cas can tell there's a lot going over in Dean's mind, but he can only vaguely guess what he might be thinking about. "Are you angry?" Cas asks. "At me? At any of this?"
The angel touches Dean's forehead lightly and all the pain is gone. It's suddenly much easier to breathe, though he still feels the tickle in his chest that makes him want to cough.
"You are astoundingly stubborn. Give me two seconds and I'll be done. You've already lost a lot of blood."
He watches Dean stand and exchange final words with the woman’s daughter. She nods and he sees her say “thank you.” Dean puts a hand briefly on her upper arm, then walks to the ambulance.
"Is this about the crash when you were a child?"
"Crowley."
“I gotta go, Bobby. I’ll see you in a couple days. Let me know if you find anything urgent.”
At long last, the dryer blares its end-of-cycle alarm. Dean piles his laundry, unfolded, back into his duffel bag and packs up to return to the motel.
Balthazar is shaking his head, looking at Castiel with disbelief. "You won't kill him and you didn't even heal me. What's gotten into you, Cas? I thought I knew you."
Sam smiles. “Other than the broken ribs and the pneumo, you just have a hematoma in your leg, but that’ll heal up on its own. No other broken bones. And the concussion is pretty serious, so you’ll feel like crap for a while, but it’ll get better. I think Doc’s gonna end up admitting you overnight, just for the chest tube and to make sure your mental status doesn’t get worse.”
"Okay," Dean responds. He sits on the bed and looks up at Cas. "Angel blade?"
Dean kisses him on the lips once, then lowers his head to suck on the skin between Cas’s neck and shoulder, then bows lower to swirl his tongue around Cas’s nipple. He gets to his knees and runs his hands down Cas’s lower back to the waistband of his pants. He slides them down, then takes the elastic of the briefs in his teeth to pull them off Cas’s erection.
“Look, Dean, I’ll explain everything when you get here, I promise. I can’t talk any longer, I’m not sure if they can hear me. It’s an old warehouse at one fifty-six Alto Road.”
Dean feels around for his pistol as he hears hellhounds start to growl. He can’t find it, not with the headlights glaring in his eyes, but he finds the demon blade. He gets to his feet, sees Sam reach out and stop Lilith in her tracks, and then a hound knocks him back again.
Cas frowns. "Not at all, actually."
"Right. We spent a lot of time topside when Dean was young. I had to keep him away from the demons, because they absolutely hated him. I think I learned as much in that time as your brother did. Since becoming King of Hell, I haven't spent as much time with humans as I did when I was a crossroads demon. Besides, I had a new perspective. I had a—a thing to take care of and teach and sometimes entertain." He pauses, his mind clearly far away. "You know, there was something about Dean that never fully went demon. He's a brilliant fighter—and you'd better pray you never see him in action—and he followed my orders almost every time. We had a mutual respect. But he wouldn't always listen to me. He still had some kind of morality. When I sent him on a mission, he'd always end up solving things his way. Justice was served in his mind, even if it went exactly against hell's needs. He always made sure to rid the world of the murderers and rapists, even if they weren't the ones on the list. Very rarely, he would give people second chances. No demon does that. But it worked. Hell was the best it's ever been with him around."
"Dean," Cas says, putting a hand on Dean's shoulder to stop him. "I'm glad you decided to find him. I am. But are you…ready? You had a lot of reservations about it just a few minutes ago."
“Uh, yeah. Probably.” He’s looking at the flowers again. “Are those…”
“It’s my grace,” Cas says. “Angels don’t bleed, not the way humans do.”
Jack looks at his watch. “Thirty-three minutes?”
Dean's mind is working a mile a minute, and it doesn't take long for him to put pieces together.
The king of hell offers his hand. "Crowley."
"Yes," he lies. He shakes his head and refrains from coughing. Why isn't he healing? He's suffered far worse wounds than this and been fine afterward.
"What's happening to you? Dean, look at me."
When they arrive at the emergency department, Dean gives report to his brother, who’s the receiving nurse.
Crowley rolls his eyes. "Isn't the killing fun enough for you? Why do you have to waste time with those little excursions? I got here an hour ago—when we were supposed to meet."
Then he shakes his head and follows him down to the motorcycle parked outside.
As he passes her periphery, she glances up and sees him watching her. She cocks an eyebrow. He smiles briefly before nearly tripping over a chair and carrying on toward the back of the library.
Jack nods, frowning as he turns this over in his mind. “Is it something that ever goes away?”
Two days and two nights have passed since Dean and Crowley had their argument. Dean's still in the same motel, though when he wakes up in the morning, he's not alone.
Dean turns to look at him. “Of course you are. That’s kinda your move, isn’t it?”
Jack rushes up and drops to his knees beside him.
He sighs. "Why did you bother telling me all this?"
So, he says nothing.
The woman snorts. "Like the king of hell will share information with you."
“Haven’t seen them as recently, but last I heard, they’re just fine.”
"Are you? I haven't seen much of you for the past few days and I wanted to…ensure you haven't been coughing up blood again."
“Probably.”
Dean frowns. "Okay."
"You've overstepped your line as a demon, Crowley," Cas says. He doesn't feel as tempted to kill Dean anymore, but it would still be nice to end Crowley before he leaves here. "You have killed and manipulated humans and, allegedly, angels far beyond what your soul trade calls for."
“Yeah,
Sam frowns, but nods. "Leaving town finally?"
“So, you think this is it? You think this the point of no return for you? Or do you think you’d still try to go back to a normal life? Assuming the world doesn’t end and all that.”
"Dean."
Cas stands up and looks around at the room another time. His brow furrows and he asks softly, "What did you do?"
"I'm not 'just done.' I'm not giving up. I've thought about this for days. Nothing but me and my car and my thoughts for hours while I drove back to the hospital, and then here. It's a calculated decision, not surrender."
“So, call me! Don’t—” Dean stops himself, pushing down the anger rising into his throat. “How long’s it been? Last time we talked, in September, were you hunting then?”
"You think I mind this?" Dean says, spreading his arms. He drops his cigarette and crushes it under his foot. "I'm one of the most powerful demons around. You think for a single second I would trade this life for a pathetic human's?"
“I want you on your knees.”
Dean has a lot to think about. So much, in fact, that he would like to stop thinking for a little while because it's getting exhausting.
Doubts crowd Sam’s mind over the next week. He’s falling behind in his classes, but he can’t seem to get himself to focus on the work. History, political science, law—it all seems so unimportant when he knows people like his brother and Eileen Leahy are out there every day risking their lives to lessen the amount of evil in the world. He’s right back to being the selfish asshole he was the night he walked out on his dad and brother. He remembers Dean’s expression when he broke the news he wanted to go back to school now that the Yellow-Eyed Demon was dead: the wash of betrayal and bitterness before he locked it up and said, “Well, I guess that’s what you always wanted, wasn’t it? That’s what it was all for.”
The house remains quiet, and the room remains empty except for him. Eventually, the unsettled feeling passes. It must be his hunter’s sixth sense dialed up a little too high after his dream. He sets the gun aside and strikes a match to start the fire.
"Of all the things you could've done," Dean says, a knife in each hand as he stalks toward Alastair, backing him toward the wall of a building, "you chose to confront me; and even worse, you chose to hurt Cas." He smirks. "That'll be the last mistake you ever make." Alastair tries to smoke out, but Dean stabs both blades into him, thrust up at an angle to hit his heart. For a moment, Alastair is frozen, his mouth open in his last attempt to flee, his eyes wide like a cornered animal's. Then he flickers with orange light and goes limp.
Cas pulls Dean’s t-shirt off over his head, then undoes his own belt buckle while Dean works on Cas’s button-up. When Cas’s shirt is off, he shoves Dean against the wall but doesn’t kiss him, getting nearly close enough and lingering there, running a finger down Dean’s chest.
"Hey," Dean says, reaching up to put a hand on the side of Cas's face. "It's okay. Just do it."
“Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts,” Cas says again, eyes glowing, his voice distorted, as if multiple people were speaking at once. He wipes the blood from his face, and his voice returns to normal. “I am not your guardian angel, Dean. My mission was never to protect you.”
"I'll keep tabs on your brother for you, you know."
“Oh, of course. Shit. I’m keeping you.”
The angel seems to deflate slightly. "What is this about?"
Jack nods. “But I want him to like me.”
Cas pats down the soil a final time and Jack emerges from the house, mug of coffee in hand.
He can't stay in heaven. That's what it means. But he has no idea where to go or what to do if he doesn't stay here. He doesn't know how to live in the human world, but what other option does he have?
Dean needs moment to take this in. It frames everything he'd thought about the incident in a slightly different light. "I don't know what to say."
But the rest of him…the rest of him tells him to let it go. Hasn't he done enough for Dean by now? Has he not done everything in his power to help him?
Sam sighs. “If you don’t want to talk to me right now, that’s fine. I just want to make sure you get out of whatever rut you’re in before…”
"I'm fine," Dean says between coughs full of blood.
He pats the German Shepherd on the head, then shuts the car door. He closes his eyes and settles into the smell and feeling of the old car. It’s like a warm hug from someone you know is about to stab you in the neck. It’s comfort and self-destruction, all in one place.
"Can it kill an angel?"
"I'd say…" Crowley says, raising his eyebrows, "yes." He hands the blade to Dean. "Kill him."
“You know, for as long as you’ve had that car, I figured you would know how to fix it.”
A hound growls from across the room, and the kitchen chair to Dean’s right slides to the side as another approaches. Dean collapses to his side.
“Jesus Christ,” he says, jumping back. “You ever heard of personal space? Or knocking?”
“I just…” He turns away from the window and runs a hand through his hair.
He studies Dean for a moment, then says, "As best I can tell, you have three."
“Belial,” Lilith says from doorway, “leave him and the blonde to the hellhounds, they'll drag them to Hell. Keep Sam Winchester alive.”
The pendant was infused with the poison, and it works much faster on demons than on angels. He knows the exact moment the demon—and vessel—die, and he feels a rush of strength and bloodlust.
Dean raises his eyebrows and sits back a little to look at him. “Alright. You’re more mysterious than I made you out to be.”
"Yes," Cas answers. "But I'm curious, Dean; how do you feel?"
Crowley finishes his second drink and looks up as someone comes into the bar from the back door.
Cas leans more heavily against the motorcycle and accidentally shifts so that his arm is touching Dean's. He's about to pull away when he realizes Dean either didn't notice or doesn't care.
It’s an enticing thought, but maybe his survival instinct is too strong, or the pain is. He reaches his bag and pulls out the salt, pitching a handful at the demon and causing it to recoil, just for a moment.
“I’m leaving,” Sam says.
If Dean were slightly human, he might be startled. As it is, he just raises his eyebrows and turns to find Crowley sitting next to him.
Crowley stiffens. "Angel?"
Sam wipes blood from his upper lip, though another drop rolls out of his nostril. He looks like he’s about to pass out.
“I couldn’t find a nurse named Cindy,” Jack says. “Do you want me to ask one of the others?”
Cas grabs Dean’s jacket with one hand, forcing him to stay upright as he punches him once, twice, three times across the face. Dean feels his cheekbone crunch and the warmth of blood running down his face, out of his nose.
"Yes," Dean says tightly. "We've got it taken care of." He doesn't understand why these people care.
“I’m not arguing this with you anymore, Dean. You’ve got nothing. A hunch, at best.” He shakes his head. “We’re running out of time, people are already dying. Just stay out of my way.”
“Yeah, sure.”
Sam gives a solid but gentle handshake. "Funny you should ask on your fifth trip here," he says in good nature.
“What do you mean?”
Why does he feel this way? This guilt, it's infuriating.
Dean and Sam exchange looks.
"Dean," he says softly as he steps into the open doorway to the bathroom.
“So,” Jo says, giving him a nudge with her elbow, “the case?”
"Then go. If there's one thing that I figured out about you, it's that you're a goddamn nerd. You're brilliant, Sam. Go do what you want to do with your life."
"No," he says, cutting Cas off. "You need help. But it isn't something I can provide." He turns away and takes a few steps toward the door. "They'll be looking for you if you stay here," he adds over his shoulder. "It's up to you whether or not you want to get caught."
“I’m sorry,” Cas says again.
"Look, Angel, just tell us where Dean is. It's important."
"This is a little different than what you usually do."
She nods, sets up some milk to be steamed, then peers into the back room. “Hey, Cas? Jack’s here.” As she returns to her latte in progress, she asks, “You want anything? You look tired.”
“Good.” They hike up the embankment to the car. “And you would tell me if you did, right?”
Dean rolls his eyes. Someone exits the bar behind him. A woman with dark hair and tears in her eyes. She passes them without looking up at either of them and starts to head to a car in the gravel parking lot.
“It was, sort of, but I know myself too well to do this again.”
"Maybe it just takes a while, or maybe we can find some kind of spell to counter it. Maybe Crowley's lying—"
The moment he enters the building, he hears a heavy banging, like someone beating on a door. He follows the sound with his gun drawn, making his way through the dark as his eyes adjust. The warehouse smells like musty concrete and rust, but as he gets closer to the noise, the air reeks of sulfur. As he crosses the wide-open space taking up most of the building, he can see some sort of control room with a large glass window, and three demons are inside. Sam must be behind the door on the far side of the control room, because all three of them are intent on getting through it.
"No. I'm good. Well I'm not good, I'm a freakin' demon, but I'm fine. And I haven't killed anyone, in case you were wondering."
"I think it's brilliant."
Dean’s phone rings as he’s driving west out of Amarillo, Texas, headed toward a collection of demon signs in New Mexico. He almost doesn’t hear the ringtone over the Def Leppard song he’s playing loudly in the car. When he checks the caller ID, he’s surprised to see it’s his brother.
Sam Winchester.
“Castiel. I don’t know where you are, or what’s happening to you right now, but if you can hear me… I know you wanted to help me. I know you want to save humanity, I know you do. So, help me. Please. I don’t want to die. I don’t want my brother to die. We can stop this, I swear, we can kill Lilith before Sam does, but I need your help. I need you, Cas.”
Dean grinds his teeth. He’s never wanted more to punch someone in the face but felt so unwilling to risk the consequences. “And how the hell was I supposed to know when the right time was? You told me we wouldn’t get many chances.”
Immediately, he understands why Dean didn't answer his knock.
"You're Dean's angel lover, right?" one demon in a male vessel asks.
"I know it's not a typical date, exactly, but you know I have a hard time with human things like restaurants or—"
"Hey Michelle, thanks for covering my first hour," he says to the other bartender behind the counter.
He sees a man. He sees a man with a gorgeous and genuine smile, with mischief in his eyes and ink on his chest because it told a story about who he was once, but he's not haunted anymore.
Jordan leans down to see inside, one eyebrow cocked a bit above the other.
He’s brought abruptly back to the present, lying half-naked in a hospital bed with a pair of deep blue eyes studying him with concern.
Cas responds. "You don't always travel with one?"
Without waiting to see if Cas has any more to say, Dean starts off again.
Cas frowns and looks back up at the sky. As he speaks, though, his expression changes to something more content. "Humans from ancient human cultures used to look at the stars and find patterns in them. Shapes. Usually animals or figures from their mythology. And of course, they're different from one season to the next, so I can never remember which ones to look for." He dismounts the bike and leans against it.
"I'm calling for help, hang on."
A cold sort of understanding passes over Bart’s expression, and he stands, coffee in hand.
Cas frowns and tips his head to the side, looking up at Dean. "Why?"
"No. No, it isn't. Well—maybe in the demon world. But not for me."
"For a moment there I thought you were getting emotional," Crowley smirks.
, Cas.”
He was the bartender there. He must have been. Dean had hardly spoken to him, since Crowley had been distracting him, but he remembers well enough.
“I was fine. I had everything under control.”
"Hey," Sam Winchester says in greeting, then frowns.
Dean raises his eyebrows. “Actually, that’s not a bad idea.” He stands, dropping the machete on the shelf where he’d been sitting, and walks over to the demon. He presses the tip of the palo santo stake into its leg. “Tell me who Lilith is working with. Does she have a second-in-command?”
“I’ve been busy. I still have to go in this afternoon to start roasting, or they’re going to run out next week.”
Less than an hour later, he’s sitting at a library computer reading a webpage about Greek mythology, which includes death-spirits called keres and a three-day celebration called Anthesteria, which took place in late January or early February included banishing the keres on the third day. As best he can tell, he can’t kill them, but he can cast them away with a simple ritual involving a fruit offering and a phrase in Greek.
"Maybe." Dean glances up at the clock on the wall. It's about 10:45 and checkout is at noon.
"Because you're going to go unconscious and I'm not catching you if you fall out of…."
She stares at him for a second, then shakes her head and starts to work on his request.
“Yeah,” Dean says softly, “I get it.” He sighs. “You asked me a few weeks ago why I decided to be a firefighter. I always give a bullshit, half-true answer because I don’t talk to many people about this. But it was because my mom died in a fire when I was four.”
Crowley smiles almost…proudly. "I know you will."
"I'm pretty sure I don't need helping. If I did, it wouldn't be from something like you," he sneers.
One of the older boys—eleven or twelve—is searching frantically through the other students. Dean pulls him aside.
Dean shrugs. "I travel a lot. I've seen about every state in this country; not much impresses me."
“Jack,” he says with a smile, “you survived your first shift. How was it?”
“Sam, you gotta listen to me,” he starts on his voicemail. “I know you’re pissed or whatever, but just listen. You can’t go after Lilith, and I know for sure this time. She’s the final seal. If you kill her, you’ll release Lucifer. I know you think you’re doin’ the right thing, but they’re lying to you. Heaven, or whoever, they’re lying. Just—call me. We can talk about it, I swear, but we’re almost out of time.”
Castiel in a way he never has before. It’s unexpectedly intimate, and Dean wasn’t prepared for it.
His throat is constricting—it’s not smoke he tastes, just blood and fear. With a cry, he heaves against the weight on top of him and it shifts. He yanks his boot free and crawls out from underneath into a room full of scattered flames. He’s lost, unsure which direction he fell and where he is now. He tries desperately to collect his thoughts, to push away the panic that tells him he’s about to die.
Jack sighs in relief. It’s Jody, the person who first gave him a tour of the station and the only one he knows for certain is approachable. If he can, he’s going to try to stick to her like glue.
“Says the guy who doesn’t go a day without a call from a hunter needing help on a case.”
“He stopped hunting. He didn’t stop bein’ a Winchester.”
Sam looks up. “What?”
Dean nods, frowning. "I get that. And I never really considered anything different—it was reflex, like I said. But I can't…I guess I can't get over everything else."
Jack turns the emergency lights off as Dean sits down. He starts driving without saying a word, because nothing seems relevant enough to say. Even if he were to try, he has a feeling he might break down.
"They always leave early in the morning," he mutters as he sits up.
Or he could just go kill an angel. Do what Crowley wants, what he wants, what he's always done.
Surprise crosses Dean’s face for a second before he smiles and looks down at the surface of the bar, an unexpectedly bashful reaction. He gets prominent wrinkles at the corners of his eyes when he smiles.
"As far…as far as I could drive in a couple hours. Away from anyone I could potentially hurt." His tone remains forcefully flat and lifeless.
Intending to turn him around, he reaches out to put a hand on Dean's shoulder. Before he can get within two inches, Dean has grabbed his wrist and pulled him down until he doubled over, wincing as the demon yanks up on his arm but shoves down on his shoulder.
“Have you seen Lilith yet?” Sam asks.
His prayer was answered. The awe he feels as he realizes it is only dampened by the doubts—after the hundreds of prayers he’s said in his life, why is now the time for a response? Would God really care about him, or is he fooling himself, and this is just another psychic premonition?
"Are they dead, though?" Balthazar asks as he watches Cas take his trench coat and suit coat off.
"Was it frightening? Having that happen, being taken to hell?"
Dean releases him a steps away before he can finish. Cas straightens and looks up at him, still defensive.
"What would you get in return?" Dean knows Crowley well enough to assume everything is a deal.
Dean mutters a cuss word and wipes the blood away with the back of his hand. When the stream doesn't stop, Sam grabs a towel from the kitchen and tosses it to him.
“I’m ready.”
He steps out of the bathroom and it hits him. Cas isn't here. Why isn't Cas here?
“No, Cas, it’s—I don’t know what’s wrong with me. Fuck.” He clenches his jaw, shakes his head. “It must be the meds or something. It’s just—no one’s gotten me flowers before. You—I mean, you cut them from your garden and put them in a vase—god damn it.”
It takes him a long time to recover from this round. Even when he can finally stand, he feels weak, like he could pass out at any moment. It's so much more than the alcohol.
Cas pulls out of their kiss, but rests his forehead against Dean's, looking down at the wolf tattoo on his chest. As Dean reaches up with his left hand to touch Cas's face, Cas catches sight of the words he'd noticed on Dean's arm weeks ago.
The demons scurry away and Crowley sighs. Of course Alastair escaped. No one knows hell as well as he does except Crowley. Crowley isn't certain he'll see him again after turning him down, but if he knows anything about Alastair—which unfortunately, he does—he's not done.
× × ×
“And I’m not tryin’ to make you feel guilty, kid. The fact that you got out of huntin’ is… you have my respect, let’s put it that way. I’m just sayin’ maybe you and Dean should do a better job of keeping in touch.”
Crowley stands up. "But I pulled you out of that car, Dean," he says, raising his voice but not yet reaching a shout. "You wouldn't
"The gang's all here," Dean says with a sigh, because he knows what this means. "Let's all crowd into Sam's apartment."
Shaking his head, Dean reaches up and runs his fingers through Cas's hair, brushing it back away from his face. Cas realizes it's still wet from his shower and it had probably been sticking up in every direction.
“So, what now?” Jo asks.
“I know… I haven’t done this in a while. But I’m just… not really sure what to do, or really what I’m feeling here, so.” He sighs. Praying doesn’t come as easily as it used to. “I don’t want to sound ungrateful about what I have right now—I’ve been here for nine months and I haven’t had anyone look for me. No FBI, no demons, nothing. I just want to know if I’m doing the right thing. Am I a coward for leaving, or am I protecting people better this way? I haven’t felt anything psychic since the Devil’s Gate, but I’m still… I’m still scared of… what I could do.” He looks up to the ceiling, its texture barely visible as his eyes adjust to the dark. “If You could give me some guidance, a sign, anything—I could use Your help right now. And hey, just… keep my brother safe, maybe?” He sits back on his heels and unclasps his hands, then adds “amen” as an afterthought.
"Those sort of things are what being human is about," Cas says quietly. He shakes his head and feels the corner of his mouth turn up in a sad sort of smile. "I can't feel them. I wouldn't know what it's like, but I've seen what it can do. If I could be human, just for a few days, I would. You actually get that opportunity."
"No, not that. I don't get why you're willing to let Dean do this. If everything was so great when you two ran hell together, why aren't you stopping him from choosing to die a human rather than continue as a demon?"
"Exactly. You can't afford that, Dean, and you know it."
“It’s not God, Sam!” Blood is pooling in his mouth, and he turns his head to spit again. “Believe me, God is dead.”
"You must have done something," Dean says firmly but almost patiently. "I've felt different ever since you wouldn't leave me alone outside that bar. You did something, and I'm not lettin' you go until you've undone it."
"I'd rather not lose it," Cas says with a frown. "I like it."
Dean growls in pain and rage and wrestles the angel's other hand behind his back, leaving the knife in his own side as he slams his knee into the angel's back, knocking him face-down onto the ground.
Dean shakes his head and runs a hand over his face. He's still looking at his beer bottle instead of at Cas. "I don't know, Cas."
Dean spins a slow circle, looking at the cars in the lot around him. "I told you, I refuse to go around via angel travel. I'm not getting any more used to it. And this is leading up to the something normal."
“As friends, obviously,” Dean says. “Or—hunters, you know. That way. I don’t—I don’t swing the other way.”
“Lucifer. Lucifer is real?”
“A town about forty-five minutes from here has been having some weird deaths, bodies drained of blood. Sounds maybe more like a djinn than a vampire, but either way, maybe our—your kind of thing.”
They kiss fiercely, and Dean’s hand slips into Cas’s pants. Cas runs his hand through Dean’s hair and takes a handful of it as he pulls away to speak.
Dean scowls. As if he would let anyone tow his car. “I’ll move, I’ll move.”
“Yeah, well. That’s me.”
Crowley's face turns mildly sour. "Don't think that I want this, Dean. I didn't want any of this. But you…." He shakes his head. "Yes. I'll help you."
"Your nose is bleeding."
“Oh, she’ll be fine now. Once they get her some steroids, get a chest x-ray, all that—she’ll be fine.”
“Alright,” Dean says, still on high alert despite Crowley’s promises that he has no interest in killing him. “What can you tell me about Lilith’s plan?”
The angel pauses in the middle of the room. Dean clings to consciousness by his fingertips, while Sam and Jo stir. Then Cas kneels beside Dean and presses two fingers to his forehead.
Alastair feigns surprise. "You don't know, do you? Yes, your precious pet is consorting with angels. That's probably why he left; he's being corrupted."
Dean looks up with raised eyebrows. "Hunters? Like, demon hunters?"
Dean shrugs and shuts the trunk of his car. "Sure. It doesn't matter to me, I just want to spend some time with you. That's what this is all about, right?"
“How did you sleep?”
Then the demons screech and scatter throughout the room. Dean looks up to see Cas—eyes glowing, hand outstretched to pull the demons away from Dean. There are three demons, two restrained by Cas and another swirling up behind him.
“And how does that not drive you nuts?”
Cas hears the bathroom door open. Dean hesitates, then withdraws, keeping one hand around Cas’s shaft.
"But—but when? And how?"
The demon rolls her eyes. "I've been doing this for two hundred years and still the most common wish is for money. Fine, kiss me, the deal's sealed, you'll die in ten years."
"Oh, a lot of people come in here because they need to talk. They usually prefer to talk to the women, but I've had a fair few conversations myself." He shrugs. "Then there are other people who just want to be left alone. I took you more for a talker, but I could be wrong."
Suddenly, Cas feels something. "Why? You shouldn't be okay with it, Dean. You shouldn't be. This part of you—the you without the Mark—you don't deserve to die. Even as a demon, you still decided to break out of this cycle. You shouldn't have to die, and you definitely shouldn't have to go to hell."
"Exactly," Cas sighs. "I don't know what's causing you to be a demon, but it's connected to murder."
"How am I supposed—"
He pulls the weapon away and drops it to the ground, his hand shaking. Cas starts to collapse and Dean wraps his arms around him to catch him. Cas tries to keep his head up, but the blade has pulled the strength out of him and his head falls onto Dean's shoulder.
“You’re tellin’ me.” Dean watches his brother lock the IV again and start to clean up his syringes. “You know, Sammy, I didn’t… I didn’t always do a good job looking out for you when we were kids.”
“Hm.” Dean moistens his lip and tries to imagine, for a moment, what his unguarded soul must feel like to Cas. He sits forward, bending a knee and propping his forearm on it. “I probably don’t want to know what mine feels like, do I?”
He can remember the old woman dead on the porch and the nasty gash on Balthazar's arm and the horrified look on the college girl's face when she turned and saw him—just saw him—standing there. Maybe that will be his motivation.
He starts to turn away, and Dean catches his shoulder. “Wait. Just—are you on my side or not, man?”
"Yeah," he says, not looking over at him.
“Oh. Uh, no. Not since you killed Yellow-Eyes.”
What makes it all worse is that Cas feels it happening, the same thing that always happens. He wants to get to know him better. He wants Dean to visit the coffee shop, he wants to sit with him at a bar again and spend more time just talking.
“This ain’t my first rodeo, Dean.”
"Oh, I know. And I would thank you. But lately I've been wondering if these last twenty-six years have been worth my time. I've seen things, yes. I've been powerful. I've been riding a high my whole life and you've never let me back down. I know what it means. I know what happens when I stop killing."
Dean's black eyes settle on themselves in the mirror. Just for a moment, he remembers the color green. Hazel-green. It's a faint memory, but he knows that was the color his eyes used to be before he became a demon.
“You let me know when you have an answer.”
The king isn't convinced. He's kept the hellhound Ophelia from killing Sam for a couple weeks now—which made the hellhound restless, clearly—but he has to wonder if that was a wise move. What if
"Cas, I'd take that healing now," he says, glancing around. There are a few people going by, but for the most part they're minding their own business, not as concerned now that Dean is standing up and has two people with him.
First of all, he has no idea why he keeps coming back to this bar. Perhaps it's because he feels some familiarity with the bartender, who isn't even currently on shift.
The snarling stops and he hears footsteps backing away. After a couple seconds, Sam uncurls and rolls onto his back, clutching his side. Standing above him with a contemplative but unreadable expression is Crowley.
“I’ll be fine,” Cas says stiffly.
"I don't want to be human, Cas," Dean says, and though Cas could be imagining it, he sounds almost pleading. "I don't want their obsessions, or their normality, or their social lives, or their…
“Dean?”
They're kissing again and Cas can feel Dean start to unbutton Cas's shirt. He runs his hands down Cas's sides and leaves his left at Cas's waist while he slips the other under the waistband of his pants to rest against his hip.
“Oh,” Cas says, as if he’d forgotten he was holding them. “Yes, they’re for you.” Seeing Dean’s face, he asks, “What? That’s still what you do when someone is in the hospital, right? Give them flowers?”
Cursing, towel still wrapped around his waist, he digs around in his duffel bag until he finds the least-dirty, least-smelly pair of jeans and t-shirt. He pulls the shirt on with some difficulty, because his shoulder seems to be getting worse.
"Dean. There's something I want you to know."
He hangs up and sets the phone on his chest, exhaling. Yellowed water stains stretch across the white panels of the ceiling. His shoulder aches.
A middle-aged man answers and quickly ushers him into the bedroom at the back of the house, where a woman sits at the edge of the bed, leaning forward and gasping for air.
Dean scoffs. “Come on. I’ve been shootin’ guns since before I could read. I was never gonna miss.”
He tugs at his hospital wristband. “I don’t know. I’ve been thinking… I’m just really proud of you, Sam. You’re a great nurse, you’re married to a brilliant lawyer who, frankly, is way out of your league—you have things figured out, you know?”
It takes Sam's brain a moment to catch up with what he's just heard. "He—he what?"
Dean shakes his head and takes a breath like he might say more, but he starts coughing again and coughs until he gags. Then he drops his head back against the gurney, face drawn tight, trying so hard just to breathe.
Sam nods. "Okay. Well, come on in, you guys, we have a lot to talk about."
"You know, I'm glad you're an angel, Cas."
"Okay," Cas says with a frown. "So…?"
" he slurs, though his head is starting to feel cloudy and he can't think straight.
Someone's mistake, someone's delay, and Dean never found out Sam had survived. Now his brother is adult with a job and a life and probably only a couple vague memories of Dean. He's probably very normal, all things considered. He would probably feel intimidated or repulsed by knowing what Dean has become.
He opens his eyes. The convent is quiet. No one comes.
He sees Cas’s human form now, the Cas he knows and trusts, and he’s on one knee, his face is drawn tight with pain. His wings flash in and out of existence, as if he’s trying to tuck them away but they keep coming back.
Dean glowers, then turns to Sam. “I’ve been… I’ve been seeing Cas in my dreams for a few months now.”
Frowning, he walks around to the other side of the car and pulls open the door. Surely enough, there's another body inside, a young boy he missed at a glance. The boy is covered in glass from the windshield and bits of metal and plastic. He has a bloody gash on his head, which is lolled to the side against his shoulder.
She waves a hand. “If they’re still sleeping when it’s time for shift change, you just bang on their door and yell. Come on, everyone’s out in the bay. I’ll introduce you to your shift partners.”
“Thanks, Dean.”
“You don’t—”
"Texas. Kermit, Texas."
Sam is taken aback. For a moment, Dean isn’t sure if he’ll shout, break into tears, or try to punch him. Instead, he scoffs quietly and looks at the floor. “I guess I shouldn’t have expected you to believe in me, either.”
“Oh hey, Jack.”
“You’re a hunter, right?” he asks. “That looked like a hunter’s journal, and the Irish folklore book… Hey, I’m a hunter too—or, I used to be. That’s why I was curious about what you were doing.”
“If I were a poet, I would exclusively write poems about pie.” He pauses, then says, “Do you have a gas stove? I swear I smell natural gas.”
“You want help?”
Cas nods. He vividly remembers Dean running a blade through his stomach, which had obviously healed as soon as Cas had pulled it out. It hadn't exactly been painful, but it was intensely uncomfortable.
"How'd you know that?" Dean asks.
"What? What's wrong?" Cas asks.
Dean shuts his eyes and pinches the bridge of his nose. Sam wasn't making his easy on him, he knew, but he didn't know how to come to terms with this. "It's not. It's not fair, Sam. In case you hadn't noticed, the whole hand I got dealt isn't fair. And I wish I didn't have to do this to you, to Cas…." He sighs. "But if I thought there was another option, I would've taken it by now. Crowley isn't lying to me. Despite all the things he's done, I can say at least that he wouldn't lie to me. Not about this, not about anything."
He tries to squash the anxiety that encounter gave him, but it doesn't fully go away. He knows he's not going back to Dean. He doesn't know how to approach what happened the night before. Maybe Dean really is a lost cause. Maybe everything they'd worked for was pointless. Dean never seemed optimistic about his chances against the Mark of Cain.
Sam steps out of his car and sticks the key back in the lock to lock it. He's had a lot on his mind lately and even though it's 2:30 am, his mind is wide awake with thoughts.
Dean nods. “Deal.”
“Sam—don’t do this, man. Do you even hear yourself right now? This is nuts.”
Amidst the chaos, Dean walks into the Hive. Cas is both relieved that Dean’s here so he might get a break and exasperated that everything went to shit just before he arrived.
The demon looks to the others for support, but gets none. "Y—yes. We made it to the cell and chained him—like you asked, sir—but as soon as we left, he was gone. We don't know how."
"What have you seen? Don't answer that. Okay." He steps over the motorcycle and sits down. "Just sit behind me. You're best off if you put your arms around me, which is kind of gay, but two dudes riding a motorcycle is gay anyway, so—hope you don't mind."
Dean glances around before heading to the counter, the floor creaking under his boots. He doesn’t move through this space with the same confident ease he had at the bar—he really doesn’t visit coffee shops often, and this isn’t his usual crowd.
Max hands a waiting customer their latte, and Cas briefly touches her shoulder. “Can you keep an eye on the oven for me? There’s a batch of cinnamon rolls that should be done soon.” She nods, and Cas glances at Jack before picking up a mug and pumping white chocolate and caramel syrup into it. “You look like you didn’t sleep.”
"Oh my god, what the hell?" he hears a woman's voice from above him. "Are you okay, are you still conscious?"
“I mean, she does make the most money out of the three of us,” Sam says. He glances at Eileen’s expression, then adds hurriedly, “Which definitely does not matter, because we’re all family and we do these things because we love each other.”
"This is it," Dean says, raising his eyebrows and spreading his arms. "There have been a few times I've felt strong emotions before and this is what happens. And you wonder why I didn't kiss you last night."
Dean sips his whiskey and uses his glass to gesture at Cas’s forearm. “You know someone who served?”
Cas raises his eyebrows, then frowns. "No."
"Right. Of course not. But…but why didn't you tell me where this was going, Dean? Even the first day, or the hours we talked on the phone after that. Don't you think that would've been nice to mention?"
"Here," Cas says, having just appeared a few feet from Crowley.
“I'm in Santa Rosa, New Mexico. Just outside it. I’m okay—I mean, I’m not dying at the moment.” He lets out a quiet hiss of pain through his teeth.
It's been a several days and Sam isn't sure why he hasn't heard from Dean. They'd had rough plans to meet up again, but when that day came, he never got a call. It disappoints and concerns him; Dean seemed pleased, even excited at the prospect of getting to know him, yet he'd completely blown him off.
“In July,” Dean groans. “I’ve smelled a lot of bad shit in my life, but that… that was
Dean tosses him a smirk over his shoulder as he leans down to pick their shirts up off the floor. He hands Cas’s to him and then pulls on his own. “We don’t want to be seen leaving together anyway, so I’ll head out and meet you in the parking lot.”
"No," Cas says flatly. "Neither of them." He unbuttons his shirt and pulls it halfway off so he can get at the wound just below his shoulder.
Dean shakes his head and looks down to pull a cigarette from the box and place it between his lips. “Whatever, man. I’m fine.”
"Don't say anything. I just wanted to tell you that before you left."
The lighter flicks off and the man cocks an eyebrow, glancing to his left as he's approached by someone else. He takes a pull off his cigarette before removing it from his lips. "Crowley."
“Yeah, I bet you will.”
“No, he didn’t, we did. You did. If you had told us about this, we could’ve made a different plan, we could’ve—”
He’s here with a purpose, and he’s not trying to hide it.
Dean struggles to sit up, head spinning, and grabs his pistol even though its magazine is empty. In his periphery, he sees Sam spit up blood.
"Of course I'm going to hell. I think I've already mentioned this—no soul is as high on the naughty list as mine. When I die, I have a one-way ticket downstairs. You can't be surprised."
"I know what you're doing," Cas says gently.
"Look at how human you've become!" Alastair says. "You can't even heal. That'll be the last mistake you ever make."
"Of course. All demons were humans once. But even then, I didn't really care about anything. No one had ever paid me any mind—not even my own mother—so I just did whatever I felt like. That's why I made the deal that eventually sent me to hell. And demons don't care about things, they don't get attachments. I was no different—until I found your brother."
