of the last two days' worth of decadence before letting Dean cook for him again.
“Sure, that sounds great.” Castiel agreed, distracted by the dawning realization of exactly how dangerous a place this must be, and how the protection offered to him by Manuel because he was Dean’s guest was even more important than he had understood.
"Just say when,
Castiel’s breathless little groan as he wrapped his hand around his cock both thrilled and upset Dean, a sharp pang of dismay in the pit of his stomach as he heard himself beg, “No! It’s okay, uh, please... leave it,” and Castiel nodded and moved his fingers to roll and pinch his nipple instead, where Dean had left it damp, Dean frozen as he watched.
“Oh, shit.”
Castiel’s complaint pulled a bark of laughter to Dean’s lips, and he stepped forward into Castiel’s indignant space, his eyes softer than he meant them to be.
Castiel’s gaze was steady. “I wanted to keep
Castiel’s silence was his only answer, and Dean met his friend’s eyes with a straight face, mentally giving himself about a thousand pats on the back for managing it.
and Castiel’s hands sliding up his ass to wrap around his waist felt amazing, made him feel like he
Dean was silent for several minutes after pulling Baby out into traffic, brooding. He sighed a couple times but Sam didn’t notice, his laptop open in his lap, typing up some paper or other. Finally Dean just came out and asked his burning question.
Dean laughed out loud as he joined Castiel on the landing, slipping gracefully past Castiel into the kitchen as Castiel held the door open for him.
Dean slid into his Baby and fired her up before he trusted his voice enough to answer.
? Maybe the locker room, no one’s ever there since they auctioned off the equipment, even when I was using it after you first started working…”
“I don’t even know where to start, Anna.”
on suddenly
“How can you guys live here?” Castiel finally asked.
” he muttered, “
Dean realized, suddenly, that Castiel had only showered to make him feel better.
Castiel glanced up from his desk as Zachariah’s office door opened and Dean stood briefly silhouetted in the doorway, face completely blank, posture erect. Dean nodded politely towards the inside of the room and carefully closed the door behind him. For a single unguarded moment his body sagged and his face betrayed such anguish Castiel’s stomach felt like he’d been kicked, then the blank mask returned and Dean strode towards the cubicles, turned, and disappeared down the hall towards the men’s room.
Castiel felt an empathetic pang of that familiar fear, tendrils snaking up from low in his gut, which he angrily shoved down as he leapt up to follow Dean into the bathroom. He found the handicap stall door ajar and Dean kneeling on the floor in front of the low toilet, knees of his dress trousers unheeded on the wet tile, head down, arms wrapped around the bowl, shoulders shaking. Dean’s breath came in rapid shallow panting and his eyes were squeezed tightly shut. There was no sick in the bowl.
“I could get one - “ Sam looked worried as hell, But Dean’s face was calm, reassuring, he gripped Sam’s shoulder and squeezed.
“Love you too, Cas.”
”  Dean had
his smile so bright Dean’s chest hurt, and Dean slid out of their booth decisively, reaching for his wallet to pull out a wad of bills and drop them on the table.
“Nothing. I keep checking if I set it up right, but I tried everything. We just have to wait.”
“The orgasm? A gift is not something you have to return in kind.
The tension in the car grew and changed as Dean’s breath hissed through his teeth, his flagging erection rekindling its interest as he watched Castiel’s fear replace itself with fire, his eyes intensely staring into the future even while he carefully maneuvered the narrow streets towards his house.
“Yeah? What would you put?”
Dean’s face grew serious, and he gazed at Castiel for several heartbeats without blinking. When he answered, his voice was husky with emotion.
“It’s okay, Sam, we were stupid but no one saw anything and it won’t happen again.”
of Dean’s submission.
Dean shook his head, marvelling at the bottomless depths of Castiel’s depravity.
. I’ll quit basketball, okay? Put me in, coach, I can be centerfield. Hell, I’ll play whatever position you want, just say the word. Get me a jersey, or maybe we can both be team skins, where do I sign?”
myself to you, Cas.”  He gave up on attempting to spoon lettuce and picked up the serving dish to scoop half of it onto his plate, set it down and meet Castiel’s eyes again.
Dean’s entire body vibrated at the resonance of Castiel’s voice as he desperately
Dean’s eyelashes fluttered in pleasure, and he tilted his face to brush his lips across Castiel’s mouth, nimble fingers unbuttoning and caressing, his finger and thumb closing around Castiel’s nipple just as his lips pressed to Castiel’s mouth, kissing Castiel’s slack lips as Castiel’s breath huffed out in surprise, licking into Cas’s mouth a little as Castiel arched into Dean’s fingers and let out a breathy little moan, his
“Noooo, Cas, you were kinda calling the shots, or I would have... offered to take care of you sooner.  When you’re calling the shots you, uh, kinda get to take what you want, when you want it.  I mean, y’know, within the established boundaries of the rel - the, uh,” Dean faltered, no easy noun presenting itself. “The scene,” he tried, his nose wrinkling slightly, but he’d lost Castiel at “take what you want,” Castiel’s eyes huge and dark with interest.
Castiel looked dubious but he stood up, stretched, and followed Dean and José out the door.
"What do we know he likes?"
Dean’s laugh was fond, and a little wistful, somehow. “I meant it as a compliment, Cas. It makes me
Dean’s eyebrows rose for a split second, but Sam wasn’t looking, and Dean’s face was smooth again in an instant.
what to expect.  I figured worst case couple times a week, or hell even a month - that would’ve hurt but whatever, I was ready to, uh, deal with any... uh, overflow on my own time - I just wanted to
The hour grew late and the party broke up. Castiel dreamily wished his friends goodnight as Anna threw her arms around him and hugged him tight. “You deserve to be happy, Cas,” she whispered in his ear. Castiel was puzzled, but he thanked her anyway, fired up his Old Lady, and drove home completely on autopilot, fondly watching Dean smile at him over and over in his mind’s eye.
” Castiel’s tone was impeccably polite, but somehow Dean was certain Zachariah would not call him Novak again. “No, sir. I came
Well, that was beyond perfect, he could give them his gift then.
nically, in
“We’re friends, right Castiel?”
“Okay FIRST of all,” Castiel began, “Good alcohol is worth making sacrifices for.”  Dean nodded, grinning and taking another pull; he couldn’t argue that point.
Sam had already turned back to his schoolwork before Dean stopped staring at him, dropping wide eyes to his notebook and flipping to a new page.
“The ayes have it and the resolution is adopted.” Castiel’s eyes were very bright as he made the pronouncement, and Dean noticed he blinked rapidly before turning away to carry his plate to the sink and fetch three smaller plates from the cabinet. He brought the plates and three small spoons and forks to the table, looked to Dean hesitantly.
Castiel had his trousers on and was reaching for his shirt by the time Dean worked up the courage to ask, his face still red and hot, wincing with embarrassment as he looked up to catch Castiel’s eye.
Sam mock pouted, did his best after school special impression. “I learned it from YOU, jerk!”
Dean’s eyes flew open in terror that he'd imagined it all, and Castiel was holding him like a baby, gently stroking his hair, those absolutely gorgeous blue eyes twinkling down at him along with that rare, beautiful smile.
“Good for you, man, I’m happy for you!”
Castiel had reached for one of the hand towels he’d had the foresight to stack on the nightstand, cleaned them up, collapsed beside Dean. They’d lain entwined for ages, listening to each other’s heartbeats and soft breath until Cas had slipped away from him into slumber.
people, Dean, how could you say you’ve never -”
“I got discharged under don’t ask don’t tell. You’d think remembering the IED would be what fucks me up, but I was lonely and stupid and I gave in to a moment of weakness and now I have nightmares about getting caught and discharged every night. I can’t sleep.”
Oh Cas, I am
know?”
gracias” to a chorus of enthusiastic encouragement each time, before taking their leave as the eating slowed and the kitchen table was wiped down for laptops and ethernet cables and extension cords.
“Dead rat.” Castiel countered.
On Monday night, fidgeting uncharacteristically in his folding metal seat and paying absolutely no attention to the counselor as she spoke, Castiel realized Sam had been right. He hadn’t even seen Dean once all day, his office had been empty at lunch when Castiel shyly knocked on the door, and the brief text he had sent as he finished eating his solitary sandwich
“Brand?” he whispered, “There are different
Castiel’s hands were sliding down his back to hold his ass cheeks, and Dean admitted they felt really good, huge and searing hot, and now they were kind of kneading his ass, and that felt really good too, and the elephant in the room, so to speak, didn’t
Dean gulped, tried to speak but nothing came out. He cleared his throat, and voice trembling, managed to whisper, “
“Agreed. Being apart from you is excruciating. I’m hoping when your workload eases we can add a midweek - “
"See the cat? See the cradle?"
, I don’t know why.
“Yes, that’s exactly it,” he agreed, nodding, eyes still wide.
Castiel shook his head as he stripped himself and then the bed, tossing the soiled clothes and sheets in the hamper. He was going to need to buy several more sets of sheets and quite a few more hand towels, at this rate.
good time… Call Jimmy!”
Dean blinked. He was four years old in his Mom’s arms, safe. No, wait, he was a grown man, kneeling on the floor of a wet bathroom stall, his head leaning back onto someone’s shoulder, strong arms wrapped around him like a boa constrictor. His face felt damp, his throat raw. His breathing was slow and relaxed, and he could feel a steady heartbeat against his back, feel his lungs expanding and releasing in tandem with the firm wall of warmth pressed to his back.
Castiel snorted, his face half smug, half uncertain.
No words had passed between them in what felt like hours, just moans and rasping breaths, and as Dean almost crested for the dozenth time only to have Cas expertly derail his momentum, his frustration finally welled over and ran down his cheeks and he found himself sobbing for real.
This Castiel was
his train of thought derailed as the door opened, clanged shut, and Dean strode purposefully around the corner of the row of lockers, walking towards Castiel as Castiel reflexively sat up straighter, sinking to his knees on the springy gym flooring between Castiel’s knees. Dean pressed a condom and sample packet of lubricant into Castiel’s hand and bowed his head to Castiel, as if to receive a sacrament.
“S’okay, Sammy,” Dean protested, while Castiel held up a hand to allay Sam’s fear.
Dean couldn’t get the words out, and Castiel’s forehead crinkled up as he studied Dean’s face.
Castiel’s covered his startled hesitation so quickly his guests did not catch it. “Of course,” Castiel answered smoothly. “Let me get the door for you, it’s got a trick to it.”
“Who are you?”
When Castiel leaned down to take Dean’s cock in his mouth his touch was gentle, tender, and he caressed his hands over all the places that had made Dean sigh before, none of the ones that had tickled, every caress a claim. Dean’s chest ached and his eyes welled as Castiel made love to him with his hands and his mouth, and when he climaxed it was gentle, a soft sigh and a flutter of his eyelashes, his orgasm almost painful he was so sore from before.
Castiel successfully returned his train of thought to Dean, adding to his little file of happiness the moment when Dean shook his head no at the gorgeous girl and nodded towards him instead. Taken out for inspection, that one filled him with a fierce joy; it burned bright and hot and he felt guilty as hell about it. Nothing about that moment should feel so good, but he tucked it away to treasure anyway. No one else ever had to know his guilty pleasures.
. Okay you can let go, thanks Cas.”  Castiel stepped away as Dean poked and prodded and fiddled and cursed and fiddled some more.  Castiel wasn’t sure if he should keep watching but he couldn’t help himself, Dean’s concentration and satisfaction as he bent the machine to his will utterly mesmerizing. Dean blindly reached for the face plate on the floor behind him with one hand holding everything in position, and Castiel smoothly stepped up to retrieve it on the floor just past Dean’s reach, pressed it into his hand, ignoring the tingle where their fingers touched and picking up the screws as well, handing them to Dean one by one as he reassembled the mechanism.
“I mean, don’t you
Dean worked up some spit and swallowed a couple of advil for starters. He felt an urgency now, a need to hurry up and shower and get his ass downstairs to make pies without delay now that he was awake, but there were
“Whassa, a Neff Bee Aye shirt?”
“Not goldfish?” Dean asked, grinning.
“Anything at all you want from me, Dean. There is nothing I will not give you.”
“Don’t forget the meeting at eleven o’clock Castiel. We’re going to be welcoming the new hire. Behave.”
“I know.”
Castiel’s laughter was no less magical than the first time he’d heard it, and Dean held his breath to savor every musical note until it was over.
Castiel’s breathing sounded ragged, and Dean nodded into the phone, propping it against his ear with his pillow so he could wrap his hand back around his dick.
"What should we get Cas for Christmas?" Dean was washing his hands in the kitchen sink and the smell of the citrus pumice soap he was using to get every trace of Baby's grease out from under his fingernails permeated the whole apartment.
Castiel’s profile was silhouetted by the light in the living room archway behind him, his arms coming up to wrap around her in a way Dean was certain Cas had never done for one of
to find out what they can endure? What kind of valor they can achieve through their struggles
They made it as far as the living room carpet this time, Dean’s head start as Castiel closed the garage door lost as he waited for Cas to unlock the front door, his headlong rush to the bedroom ending as Castiel’s arms circled him from behind and his teeth found the column of Dean’s neck. He didn’t bite hard enough to leave a mark, but Dean’s entire body went stiff anyway, gooseflesh racing up and down his spine and the hair on the back of his neck rippling upright as he moaned and leaned into Castiel’s embrace, his moan turning into a whimper as Castiel’s hand found its way inside his jeans and wrapped around his cock.
to grip his cock in one hand, slickened with the molecules that made Dean’s nervous system crackle and pop, to slide in time with his body so they could feel the pleasures of the flesh together, Castiel’s visceral, transcendent satisfaction in the way Dean gave himself so willingly - his body heaving and arching into Castiel’s every demand, his pleasure spilling at Castiel’s crackling touch - the mirror image of what he could not know Dean was feeling, Dean’s entire awareness consumed with giving himself to the Angel above him, whatever he wanted, feeling the heat of Castiel’s pleasure spilling
An uncomfortable silence stretched between them and Dean tried nervously to fill it.
“I have a bit of a stubborn streak, Dean.”
“Of course Dean,
Dean blew out a breath; no possible way to approach that presenting itself, so he didn’t even try. He shifted his Baby into drive, the only thought on his mind now finding a way to apologize for what Zeke had made him do to Cas.
Castiel shook his head. “Late. I’m sorry.”
to start stuff anytime you want. Even if I’m asleep, or - or drunk, okay?” Dean turned to do battle with the lettuce as he declared emphatically,  “I am
“It’s
I had to and it’s perfectly alright. I have many shirts.”
may have done to Cas, and how much unseemly satisfaction it gave him to hear Castiel spit her name out with revulsion like that.
Miss Kittredge’s hand flying over her mouth and her huge eyes
Castiel shrugged, turning away to retrieve black wool trousers that somehow never needed laundering.
, falling over himself to get out of bed and on his knees at Castiel's feet as fast as he could move, eyes wide and his cock finally rekindling it’s interest as the adrenaline pulsed in his veins and his heart roared like surf in his ears. He instinctively set his hands on his knees and bowed his head, and Castiel did not scold him for not making eye contact, his voice firm but gentle when he levied his next demand.
Despite his claims to the contrary, Castiel had turned out to be a capable sous chef, gladly dicing onions precisely and perfectly to Dean’s specifications, then cheese as well while Dean fried bacon, since Castiel didn’t have a cheese grater. He seemed to have a sixth sense about never being in the way - no matter where Dean turned his attention Castiel would magically vacate the space Dean needed - and Castiel had been happy to take over stirring the roux sans whisk once Dean realized that with Castiel’s help he could thread the mac and cheese and pie processes and have both done at nearly the same time instead of sequentially.
Castiel stared at Dean, his face transitioning from vaguely annoyed to disconcerted. “I’m sorry Dean, I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings. Do you mean to say that you weren’t laying on a thick layer of intentional charm when Zachariah brought you out to parade you like his prize racehorse and you went around the room shaking hands with everyone?”
Dean grinned back. “You do it too, bitch. I’ve seen you.”
of being gentle. Are you or are you not ceding control of ‘the shots’ to me?”
though, and when he turned the key in the ignition he didn’t press the gas immediately, staring straight ahead and chewing on his lip.
Dean reluctantly followed Castiel out the bedroom door, surprised when Castiel disappeared downstairs so quickly he was already out of view as Dean shut the door behind himself.
like using my mouth.”
Castiel winced and shook his head. “I know, I don’t know what I was thinking, thank you Anna - “
in it. Wait,
“Dean is just floating very high in a state of euphoria right now,” Castiel explained, “mostly endorphins and the after-effects of adrenaline leaving his system, I expect.” Castiel looked down to pet Dean’s face softly and murmured fondly, “I need to hold him until he comes down.”
Dean fought to keep his fingers from shaking as they closed over Castiel’s hands, taking over tying his tie in reverse slow motion, unlooping and tugging, Castiel’s face coming forward instead of the tie slipping free a surprise, their foreheads touching another surprise, Castiel’s eyes flaring and his breath hitching the best surprise of all.
Sam leaned over to admire the one Castiel had called Emily, looking at the small copper label wired to one corner, but it was genus and species only, pressed into the copper in Castiel’s careful script. No ‘Emily’ to be seen anywhere. Sam turned to Castiel, watching with a soft smile and a twinkle in his eye, and hazarded a guess.
Castiel’s feet were the same size as his, perfectly formed, his toenails carefully trimmed -
The secret, hate-shaped jealousy that had taken up residence in the pit of Dean’s stomach since the moment Dean had discovered Castiel thought an angel blade worked like a condom must have shown on his face, because Castiel’s answer soothed it away, leaving only a warm glow in the place where it had been gnawing his stomach lining raw.
your brother?” Frank studied Dean’s face incredulously, and Dean shifted uncomfortably from one foot to the other under the sudden scrutiny.
“No, Dean. You promised me you would never say yes when you mean no.”
“Alright, ALRIGHT” -
,” he whispered.
“Thanks?”
“Oh my
I *promise* you it will be worth it. <3
Of course the frat boys would take the bartender’s money, gladly. More twenties went into the pot, the money disappeared behind the bar, and
“I like her,” he said softly by way of explanation, fondly running a hand along the hideous woodgrain of the dashboard as they shut their respective doors and pulled on their seatbelts, safe inside the belly of the beast.
Dean leaned forward to trail his hand in the water, and gasped out loud as he was rewarded with tiny nibbles on his fingertips. He heard footsteps crunching over to him and smiled up at Castiel, who
“Castiel, that is the bravest thing I have ever seen you do.
Dean’s smile was shy. “I’m happy to do it Cas. Can’t have you getting in an accident on my watch.”
“I have found they are still perfectly edible at twelve hours and a few minutes, and no one notices if I eat them in the back room instead of putting them in the garbage can.”
Hadn’t Castiel said he wasn’t gay when they’d had lunch before Thanksgiving? Dean pored over his recollection of the conversation carefully. Cas had asked if he minded being taken for a gay couple and he’d brushed it off, asked if Cas minded. There had been that pause when he thought Cas was going to be upset with him for letting the waitress slide with her assumption… and then Cas had said he wasn’t uncomfortable, that he was… used to it, just... usually by himself. Dean examined the memory from every angle but Castiel had never actually denied that he was gay, nor had he confirmed that he was straight. He had just… let Dean believe what he wanted to. Dean winced. If Cas
, so if I understand this correctly,
“- Yeah, well,” Dean continued, “in retrospect I feel like we should have known you can’t just drive around bad neighborhoods. Anyway, we saw some kids jumping some other kids in front of a convenience store but it seemed really one-sided, something like half a dozen bigger kids on two smaller ones. We pulled up, and Sam was already out of Baby before we stopped rolling, asking if our cousins needed a ride home. It was enough of a distraction to stop the immediate fighting but some cops pulled up before José and his brother had decided whether to get into the car with a couple of gringos or take the beating - “
Castiel shook his head, smiling to himself and moving smoothly back to his spot in front of the stove, Dean could see him out of the corner of his eye. So he didn’t
Dean opened his eyes to stare up at Castiel’s face, his eyes red from weeping but the corners of them crinkling now, matching the soft curve on his lips. “I know exactly what you mean, Cas,” he whispered back.
The boys were already out the door as Castiel got to his feet to trail after them, exclaiming in turn “What do you mean Pimpmobile?” affronted, and then “What do you mean IN PIECES???” in alarm.
Castiel’s head tilted, his face completely serious as he lifted Dean all the way off his cock, separating their bodies for the first time since they’d started fucking an eternity ago, staring at him as Dean instantly teared up from the loss, his begging ratcheting up a notch.
Dean rolled back over, his heart kind of fluttering in his chest.
Dean was smiling gently, and Castiel slowly smiled back, relieved. He was forgiven. Dean pointed at the clock and Castiel nodded. He smiled to himself as Dean swallowed the rest of his beer, made his goodbyes and promises of rematches, collected his cut from Mike at the bar, settled his tab. Dean left a generous amount for the frat boys, which he waved at them, pointing at the taps to general whoops before handing the cash back to Mike and striding swiftly out.
“May I - would 't be alright 'f I used your shower?“
Dean had no idea how many times he’d been lifted and pulled down again on Castiel’s cock, time didn’t seem to be moving right and he’d lost count of how many orgasms Castiel had wrung from his body, a sheen of sweat covering him everywhere but where Castiel’s hand was gripping him, one thumb in his armpit and Castiel’s fingers gripping his shoulder blade giving Castiel all the purchase he needed to move Dean at whatever pace he wanted, his other hand currently splayed over Dean’s chest, feeling his heartbeat.
“That came out wrong.” Castiel’s face went into extreme concentration mode and he chose his next words with obvious care.  “I enjoyed every moment of our time together on Thursday night and I wouldn’t change a thing, Dean - except of course, the location -  but also... not to have done it on a night where I had to be parted from you. It was painful to relinquish you, even to Sam’s care, and it hurt to sleep without you. I expect it was more difficult for you given the nature of our... interaction.”
“Before you came on board, sir, we sent a software team member along to every sales meeting. When I was initially developing the platform I personally made it a point to meet with every new client for the first year to listen to their concerns and to design the platform with an eye towards future scaling and feature creep. We only stopped the practice when we got short-staffed as the bubble burst, sir.”
good Dean. I think we can stop for now, until I’ve talked to Zachariah and figured out our next steps, alright?”
“Do you need to leave with her?” Castiel asked, his voice not nearly as quiet as he intended it to be, and Dean shook his head in surprise, a warning on his face. Castiel dropped his voice conspiratorially, leaning forward as if he were now in on the secret.
Dean made it through two more presentations on the software demo, improving steadily under Castiel’s tutelage, before two boys hollered outside the door, kicking rather than knocking, the delivery apparently requiring both sets of hands. Felipe could have been José’s twin they looked so much alike, except that he was maybe four inches taller, clearly several years older. The children stood, arms outstretched, as Sam and Dean lifted the handles of motley plastic grocery bags containing foil-covered plates of food from their arms one by one and set them on the table. The boys were in a hurry - several deliveries to make after this they explained breathlessly - but they accepted cash and large tips from Castiel and Felipe shook Castiel’s hand gravely before they disappeared out the door in a flurry of curls. Castiel was charmed, but rapidly distracted by the delicious aromas assaulting him, cartoon style, from the kitchen table.
Dean pulled Baby off at the correct exit as Sam navigated, Sam’s laptop open in his lap to the directions on the mapquest page he’d saved offline before unplugging from the internet.
“I wouldn’t call myself ‘classy and shit’, Dean, but you are correct in assuming I don’t drink beer that comes in bottles containing more than twelve fluid ounces. Maaaybe sixteen, if it’s a special occasion.”  He grinned. “There’s a wine bottle in the recycling that might do.” He returned his attention to the saucepan, and Dean nodded and splashed a little ice water into the bowl, stirred it with a fork to see if it was enough.
Dean woke with a start as Castiel slipped into bed beside him, warm and naked and, now, half hard as he slotted his body behind Dean and wrapped his arms around him, one around his chest, one caressing a thigh, leaned his head over Dean’s shoulder to whisper into his ear.
, it’s supposed to feel
“I’m all good, I’m going to regret that, I can already tell. Come on, we’re late, you’ll have to eat the rest at your desk.”
Castiel stared at her in confusion. “We agreed to hang out. Dean noticed I was upset when he left early last week, and even though it wasn’t his fault he apologized and promised not to leave early this week.”  He thought about it for a minute while Anna’s face registered surprise, then extreme interest. “Did you come up with a theory, Anna?” Castiel asked hopefully, “About last week? Why I felt… upset?”
Castiel looked up to find both brothers staring at him, rather than the fish, and he colored slightly, shrugged towards the stairs. “Shall we?” The Winchesters nodded silently and crunched towards the stairs, but when Castiel unhooked a wooden rake from the fence at the foot of the stairs Sam looked at him so pleadingly, his eyes huge and hopeful, that Castiel handed it to him without a word, stepping off the gravel onto the bottom landing of the stairs and motioning for Sam do the honors. Castiel and Dean both watched from the vantage point of the stairs, entranced, as Sam erased all signs of their visit, following the patterns that Castiel had chosen to leave the last time and adding one tiny new swirl by the fountain. Sam looked up at Cas to see if that was okay or if he should redo it. Castiel nodded, pleased, and Sam beamed; he stepped backwards onto the stairs, erased his last footprints, and hung up the rake.
Castiel didn’t let go, his entire body just went limp, panting, his cock still trapped between Dean’s thighs, and Dean laughed, breathless.
- AHH -
“You’ve lain with
in here and condoms too. Fuuuck, he
been pulling something, that part he had been correct about - but the
He hadn’t even been tempted to let anyone fuck him in years, certainly not since he'd met Cas, anyway, his mind too exhausted to fight him on examining that too closely like it usually did, turning the idea over and over and feeling that same melancholy wistfulness he always pretended away, wishing things could be different. That his life had been less impossible swings of fate, maybe, and more normal coincidence like regular people got to live, maybe, and that Cas could have been human, maybe, and into guys,
Dean stared after him in complete shock for several seconds, his heart pounding in his ears the only sound he could hear, before tentatively reaching down to close his hand around his cock again. He got to three and a half slow strokes this time before letting go in terror, his entire body burning with heat, his desperate desire
“Yes.”
"Of course, Dean. Get dressed, I'll make you dinner."
That brand is my hands-down favorite. Hands-up-
“Is that Pimpmobile Diego’s boys have in pieces downstairs HIS?” Sam asked, delighted, as Dean started and smacked his own knee.
“You’re welcome. I mean, thank
“See, I wasn’t sure, but I thought that might be the case.  So, as your best friend there are certain responsibilities that fall to me, and talking you through things like I saw tonight are one of them. It is my sacred duty and you must allow it, or I have failed you.” She smiled at him winningly, utterly irresistible with her giant pleading eyes and her little kitten ears and drawn-on cat whiskers.  “Your car, or mine?”
eat meat all day.”
Sam was already texting in their order, perched backwards in a kitchen chair facing the couch. “Just say we’ll take any sides she’s making, enough for three.” Dean instructed, and Sam furiously thumb typed that in as well.  He stared at his phone, willing it to buzz, until a response came in.
“You don’t mind?”  Dean grinned sheepishly.  “I get that this is weird but I reaaally want to say yes.”
Castiel laughed out loud at that, shaking his head. He nodded towards Dean’s wastebasket. “There are kitchen trash bags in the cabinet in the breakroom.”
Zachariah and Dean both gaped at Castiel in surprise. Despite his tenuous grasp of the industry from his recent self-guided crash course, even Dean understood that this was an almost unheard of eternity, given the rapid turnover rates and aggressively enticing headhunters poaching star employees left and right in the valley. Downturn or not, from the look on Zachariah’s face, Castiel could indeed work anywhere he liked at a moment’s notice. Dean recovered first, composing his face as Zachariah asked his next question in a far more respectful, slightly incredulous tone.
Dean nodded, baffled, and they parted ways. Castiel caught the last of the hot water and a bit of the cold, cursing quietly to himself, and brushed his teeth and tongue thoroughly but urgently, desperate to see Dean’s reaction. He rushed to the bedroom, found Dean obediently dressed and waiting, laying on his back on the stripped bed with his hands clasped behind his head and a cocky smirk on his face. Castiel’s relief that Dean had done as he asked was tinged with an inconvenient frisson of desire sending blood where he did not want it as his glance took in the tableau of his
It was too late of course, Castiel already had Dean’s shirt pulled on over his arms and shoulders, was already struggling with the buttons, his tipsy fingers fumbling and clumsy, and he looked up at Dean after the third try, his face vaguely hopeful as he held out his wrists plaintively for help.
Dean’s smile shone brighter than Baby’s headlights. “Fuck yeah he was Sammy, you should have seen him.”
“I thought you didn’t want to do that with me anymore until you got over your - what did you call it? Gay panic?”
Castiel drove the several blocks to his gym, worked out his core and upper body until he could barely move. He’d run a dozen or so miles the night before, so legs could wait. Castiel paid no attention to his surroundings, intent on carving his abs into marble, but when he stripped down to shower he noticed he was getting more glances than usual. Not just from the smattering of new guys, which he was used to and generally ignored, but some of regulars he saw all the time were looking at him speculatively as well. He nodded back, baffled, stepping under the stream of water to close his eyes and sigh as the scalding water hit his back.
meeting Friday at some new restaurant that just opened up. Sam’s gonna have to wait in the car during the meeting, but at least this meeting’s out your way instead of the opposite direction. Is that too late to hold you up for dinner?”
Stephen nodded slowly, his face reluctant. “The guys in my unit made fun of soldiers who needed meds. Called them pussies or pansies…” his voice trailed off, wincing, but Castiel wasn’t offended, just cocked his head pensively.
“We should have used a towel, Cas.”
those fuckers have EIGHT FEET EACH?”
, you can start while I’m asleep, okay? I want everything you’ve got.”
“I waited for you, Dean, and I’m sorry to wake you, but I didn’t go for a run so I would be home when you woke up, and I fear I cannot wait any longer.”
Castiel heaved an enormous sigh of relief, and Dean did too, on the inside.
“We have a
“On the contrary, I would
"The Bulls are a great team, Cas, and I’ve got a highlight reel for sure, but I’m not gonna lie they aren’t exactly starting me. I’ve barely been off the bench in so long I’m not sure why they even keep me on the roster. I’ve been an NBA man my whole life, but if you're asking me to play the bases for you…”
“Pardon?” Castiel looked confused.
“I’m sure you managed.”
you want to do to me, you have my extremely enthusiastic consent. I am giving you my permission now, so you don’t need to ask me later.”
“Don’t fight so hard Dean, I need you to relax,” Castiel instructed gently.
? You
“Really.”
, then reached up to wipe off whatever had dripped on him. Castiel shuddered watching him, and Dean grinned up at him as he slid out from under the car, accepting the hand Castiel offered and ignoring the tingle that crossed their palms as Castiel easily pulled him to his feet, immediately released his hand and stepped back to give him space.
"Courtyard Basketball counts, Sammy."
“Can you speed this up? I need to shower. Like,
Castiel led Dean through breathing exercises for several minutes. After the first minute the hand on Dean’s back moved to hold Dean’s wrist, and he concentrated on the tingle he could feel from the tips of Castiel’s fingers as they slowly coaxed his heart from a gallop to a canter to a trot. When his runaway heart finally slowed to a walk, Castiel released his wrist and unobtrusively melted back out of his personal space, relieving him of his wastebasket as he did so. Dean reflexively reached out to rub his arm where the fingerprints still tingled, their absence somehow a loss. He realized, suddenly, that Castiel hadn’t been holding his hand, he’d been checking his pulse, and he felt like an idiot for taking comfort from the gesture; at least until he lifted his eyes to Castiel’s face.
The question was suddenly very, very intriguing, and despite the guilt that had been gnawing him alive for taking Cas up on his offers to be a *really* great best friend lately in a pinch - or how had he put it, ‘
Dean tried to make his block letters even, exactly like a printer would have made them, sketching them out a little bit first and then filling them in after, before drawing all the little lines at the bottom of the sheet so he could write the number and his extension down sideways as many times as he could fit it.
“There’s like twenty channels of porn, Cas, and pay-per-view besides. Whatever you’re into.  I can wait in the bathroom, if you still need to… take care of that.”
I want to watch you.” Dean laughed, and Castiel smiled softly.
Castiel’s tongue found it’s way inside the shell of Dean’s ear, his breath huffing out in gasps as he rutted against Dean, his hand losing rhythm as he shuddered and twitched and spilled his pleasure between Dean’s thighs, but it didn’t matter; Dean cried out to hear Castiel panting and moaning in his ear, transfixed, his cock pulsing in Castiel’s fist as he followed him over that edge.
Dean didn’t know how beautiful his laughter was, that gorgeous torrent of giggles bubbling up from his chest and tumbling over his delighted smile, but if Castiel had been there to see it he would have held his breath in wonder, staring without blinking until the moment had passed.
“Uh...”  Dean struggled, suddenly, to put words to thoughts.
were counting!” Dean finally managed to choke out.
Castiel looked so worried he could cry. In fact, on closer inspection Dean realized he actually had tears in the corners of his eyes, and he didn’t even think about it, just lurched up out of his chair and threw his arms around a surprised Castiel and squeezed, stepping away self-consciously almost immediately as he realized his overstep, muttering his apologies about the sweat and his puke breath but not quite able to find the words to apologize for the attempted hug.
Dean chewed on the end of his pencil, thinking hard.
“He covered his eyes and blushed when we changed.”
Dean crowding into his space, he just didn’t want to be in the way or something.
Dean sobbed into Castiel’s shoulder as Castiel held him, cradling him in his arms, petting his hair, pressing soft lips to his face and showering him with whispered praise “
“No? Hang on - “ Castiel clicked his interoffice correspondence software icon to read the message from Zachariah, addressed to both of them, to come see him in his office right this minute.
Castiel rolled his eyes at Ash but grinned at Anna. “You DO LOOK HOT, Anna!” he yelled.
“I cannot
Dean pulled off his goggles and wiped a couple spatters off them too, squatted on his haunches to replace his tools and the goggles in his toolbox.
“I watched you work the room the first day I met you, Dean.” Castiel was firm, dismissive.
Castiel was still breathing heavily, his pupils wide and dark, and Dean couldn’t find his speech centers, just nodded, his own breath coming hard and sharp, his body frozen in place, not even believing his ears as Castiel absently reached for his towel to wipe his stomach and looked up at him again, his face innocently eager.
On Wednesday, Castiel couldn’t help himself from checking Dean’s office at lunch, but of course Dean was out. Castiel contented himself with liberating a piece of paper from the printer and writing “I miss you” in the center of it in his careful hand.  He didn’t sign it, but he
“That - Cas that was, uh, really nice.”
but Cas had to be what, three inches shorter than him? Did that mean -
“Yes, thank you Dean,” he allowed.
Castiel relaxed as a pizza guy came in with a stack of pizza boxes and paper plates and napkins and arranged them on the conference table. Alright, that would do. He hadn’t been looking forward to the stretch until he got home at seven or eight tonight - after his forty mile commute from Mountain View, California, where FindATable dot com still huddled with a gaggle of other surviving dot coms, to his Lower Haight neighborhood in San Francisco - on an empty stomach.
But he wanted
desperation written in the crease of his brow and the curve of his lips. “Please Castiel, I need him.
Mood: Heated, Castiel getting bolder, a few exploratory bdsm growing pains but overall excellent success.
Castiel didn’t know how to make any of those things happen again, but they were all perfect and he replayed them over and over to write them permanently to long-term storage in his mind’s growing folder of happy memories. He had a fleeting thought that he was making a lot of happy memories lately, more than he had in a long time, but he immediately shied away from looking at that too closely. It was too dangerous, he didn’t want to fire up any synapses better left undisturbed, didn’t want anything safely suppressed to come tumbling out making trouble right now. This was a good day; let it stay a good day.
, and I am
Dean sucked in a deep breath, his eyes refocusing on Castiel’s mouth now, even though the words were finished forming, his heart rate accidentally speeding up as he studied Castiel’s lips, and the swell of his tongue behind them, helpless to keep the full-body shudder from betraying him as he tore his eyes away from Castiel’s mouth and turned his body abruptly away from his friend.
, I will think of nothing else when I am alone for weeks. Possibly ever.”
“ - How much do you have to water those flowers? - “
too smug.
The blush on Castiel’s face intensified, and his eyes cast down to study his hands where they now rested on the table, unable to look Dean in the eye. Dean snickered and reached for another doughnut, waving to catch Sam’s eye that they were all good.
"Okay that sounds promising, but he
If it's not that you're shy, if my pleas turn you off because it's just too much work to take five seconds to send a thumbs up for the 20 hours I just bled - if you'd rather not read me than toss me even an emoji - I am super okay with that. No harm no foul, we just aren't meant for each other and that's okay. <3
.”  The man crossed his arms and glared pointedly at the door. Dean’s mouth fell open in shock for a split second before he caught himself and tried one more time. This guy was a grade A dick, but Cas was worth it.
“Wait for me this time.”
“I can help. I can train you on the software, Dean, so you can do the training for the … sexually assaulting client. If you want.  And… I could go with you. We used to send a software team member out with the sales team all the time before we downsized, and six locations adds complications to the customer portal. It would be completely reasonable for me to request to go with you.  Or, I can report them to HR and you won't get fired for refusing. ”
“Yes, sir.” Dean stared at Frank, waiting to see if he would elaborate, but he didn’t.
, he let go immediately as he felt his orgasm tip dangerously close, held his breath waiting for the wave to pass. He held it back, barely, and elected to rest both his hands safely beside himself on the bed.
“What is it, Dean?”
or worse,
Castiel turned to look at Dean now, who was studying his face intently.
“I know I suck at finding the words you need to hear, Cas,” he whispered, “but I will show you every day.”  He kissed Castiel’s cheeks now, where the salt was escaping. “Come on, let’s brush our teeth in case you try to kiss me in the morning. You’re insatiable.”
Well over an hour later when Castiel was finally sated enough to pull on his bathrobe and wander down to the kitchen to root around in the refrigerator for leftovers, his phone finally held messages from Dean. He read them while he waited for the microwave to beep, hauled his plate to the table.
Dean gulped, nodding. “Um... uh, you would, uh... catch me.” He flushed even darker, his breath coming in gasps now, the embarrassment both mortifying, and to his shame, intensely arousing.
They stared at each other in sweetly bashful delight, Dean uncertain if anything was expected of him until Castiel broke the spell, leaning gently down to taste pie from Dean’s lips. His kisses were tender, his caresses gentle, and he ran his hands over every inch of Dean’s body, slowly worshipping him with soft touches and gentle kisses, exploring what tickled and what made Dean sigh, caressing his hair and his lips and his cheeks, running soft fingers and lips over his chest and stomach and thighs and even tracing his fingertips over Dean’s feet, working his way back up Dean's body to hold his hands and kiss his fingers one by one.
Dean groaned, shaking his head and trying to sit up.  “I’ve had to piss for an hour, but something came up.”
“Cas, when you asked, I - I thought you meant the other way around. Y’know, me, under you. I mean, you’re right, we could die any minute, and if there’s really no one else you want, I don’t mind stepping up...“
“I know. Sam told me.”
what he was looking at when he watched Dean’s eyes and hands and mouth admire the shape and strength of his body, and
“I’m someone. I’m right here, and you don’t have to lie to me to lie with me.”
shape of Castiel’s cock when he turned around to find him naked on his back.
icone
Dean sighed in relief as Cas’s searing hot cock, slick now, slipped between his thighs, and he instinctively pressing his thighs together to help. Cas groaned into his ear, his slickened hand snaking around to grip Dean’s cock, and Dean’s whole body went taut, his back arching into Castiel’s chest and his breath coming out as a low wail as Castiel‘s hand did a better job than Dean had even known was possible wringing pleasure from his body.
, he was gonna have to buy some of whatever this was and hide it in the bathroom at home.
it says here Anna Milton was hired in January of ‘01. Why is she the Software Team Lead if you
That was apparently not the right thing to say, because Castiel’s face betrayed a microexpression of hurt disappointment before he turned abruptly to look at the couch instead of Dean, his face carefully neutral. Dean stepped forward to wrap his arms around Castiel from behind, staring over Castiel’s shoulder at the couch while Castiel’s carefully neutral face did the same, his eyes definitely not misting.
“Help with what?” Dean asked, warily.
“I could... sit in your lap,
a little malcontent.”
“I had no expectation it would be, Dean. But I appreciated the white lie.” Castiel was smirking, Dean could
Next week you get 10k of Birthday Party, and then there's this glorious slow dance of discovery and testing waters and then a huge chunk you will get all at once of risk and misunderstanding and pain and rediscovery. Thank you for suffering though the /waiting/ with me. <3 <3 <3
“Yeah, okay,” Dean whispered over his shoulder, raising his machete theatrically towards the sky, “Let’s do this.”
Castiel’s dick was purple, and he wrapped his hand around it again, squeezing and groaning.
Castiel grinned into the receiver. “Well, he said you were taking a long shower, and I extrapolated from there. I understand you’re in the same room with Sam so you can’t respond Dean, but despite having just spent well over an hour previously engaged in precisely the same activity, I was so aroused by the thought of you touching yourself and perhaps thinking of me I dropped my dinner and returned to my bedroom immediately.
- stop?”
Dean tossed his suit coat over a kitchen chair and crossed the space to the refrigerator in several long strides, unfastening his tie as he went. He had a couple domestic brews in his hand in one moment, a bottle opener the next and was handing an opened bottle to Castiel and taking a pull from the other in seconds flat. He grinned at Castiel’s wrinkled nose as he wiped his mouth on the back of his hand.
Castiel drove with his his full attention, alert, hands on the wheel at ten and two, occasionally tapping his thumbs on the wheel to some rhythm only he could hear. He drove exactly the speed limit, signaled every time he changed lanes, and started braking earlier than could possibly be necessary for every red light.  It wasn’t how Dean would have pictured him at the task, but now he couldn’t picture it any other way. This car
Castiel slid his lips off Dean’s cock, gulping in a huge breath, almost hyperventilating as he reached for his own cock again, breaking cardinal rule number one with impunity as he stared at Dean intently, his chest heaving with every rasping breath. Dean found himself utterly powerless to look away, he didn’t even try, helpless even to blink, as Castiel slid his hand rapidly over his cock, already worlds better at it, to Dean’s shocked but practiced eye.
Plates and forks were produced, the food laid out on the table. Dean slapped Sam’s hand away when he tried to nibble before it was laid out, and their bickering -
I am super proud of this week's chapters.
Castiel didn’t press him, waited silently. His hands twitched reflexively but he did not reach out to touch. After a long moment of silence Dean gulped air and looked back up at Castiel.
“You surrendered yourself to me without hesitation, despite the pain it would cause you,” Castiel whispered in hushed awe. “You are
Castiel finished chewing the last bite of his second bacon cheeseburger, swallowed, and went right on talking as if he hadn't paused his conversation to eat an entire second plate of food, while Dean sipped his beer and watched him, amused and vaguely impressed.
with you now, so we should pool our strengths without keeping a running tally of the debt incurred when we help each other, is that correct?”
“No. Not until you beg me - “
“Will you wait for me before you go downstairs, Dean?” Castiel asked quietly as Dean turned the water off and pulled the curtain open.
Castiel turned away to pick up his shirt again, pausing as Dean cleared his throat nervously, obviously struggling to say more.
They stared at each other for a moment.
hugs, his face leaning down, his eyes slipping closed, to gently press his lips to the top of her head for what felt like an eternity as Dean’s timeline ground to a halt, his stomach lurching, his heart hammering in his ears, the sudden tightness in his chest stealing his breath as Anna leaned back in Castiel’s arms in slow motion and smiled up at him, her eyes shining in the soft light as he smiled back at her, the open affection on his face twisting the knife currently lodged in Dean’s stomach.
had received no response until three hours later
“I don’t know either,” Castiel admitted,  “but you must be doing something right because you’re selling this like the last Tickle Me Elmo on Christmas Eve.”
“It means, when she gets big enough to be split into two plants, he has to give me half of her. Twice. These suckers can’t be grown from seed, Dean, only divided. It could be years, but I insist. That is my condition.”  Frank’s eyebrows rose in challenge as chagrin worked its way across Dean’s face.
Castiel’s eyes were wide, his pupils enormous in the dark room.  Castiel shook his head in disbelief, his smile huge, his approval palpable. Dean grinned back proudly, the rush of pleasure washing over him rendering him momentarily breathless, then he turned to call out to the bartender loudly “Mike, these boys are drinking on me tonight, all night, anything domestic on tap!” This perked the frat boys up tremendously and Dean leaned in to their leader, grinning conspiratorially. “Twenty percent of the take is yours next week guys, if you bring some friends and tell them there’s no way they can beat me, ” Dean offered.  The frat boys whooped and descended on the bar with huge grins on their faces, fully on board with passing the humiliation on down the line, while Castiel marvelled at Dean’s incredible skill at fleecing people and making them like it.
Castiel’s slowly spreading smile was worth any amount of time staring at flowers, Dean decided, and he could see where taking care of these would be calming. He felt relaxed here, tension he hadn’t realized was twisting his shoulders only registering as it melted away, traveling down his arm, passing from his fingertips into the leaves of the lady he was stroking, and she didn’t seem to mind at all.
Castiel gazed down at Dean’s beautiful face, eyes tightly shut, tears glittering under his lashes, each breath rasping from his chest like a sob, and Castiel heard himself answer, in a voice he barely recognized,
Dean balled up his crust and squeezed off about two-thirds of the mass, floured a little circle on the counter and plopped the ball of dough there. He crossed over to the recycling which was just past the stove, Castiel fluidly stepping out of his way while continuing to stir the roux at arm’s length. Dean stood up holding the wine bottle, stepped into Castiel’s space to hip check him ever-so-gently and then step back to the sink, grinning.
of two types of polymeric organosilicon
“What did you do to him?”
Castiel,” Dean whispered. “I want him just as bad as he wants me, okay?”
“Was that okay, Dean?” Castiel asked gently, nervous for the first time since they started.
Dean’s satisfaction as he lifted the serving dish to dump the rest of the lettuce onto his plate.
Castiel’s intake of breath sounded utterly delighted, and Dean desperately hoped he was reading all this right.
licked it all off -
“I am very well, Dean, thank you. I was just thinking about you and masturbating.”
Dean, I told you.”
Dean watched, riveted, as the Castiel he knew shut his eyes and a new Castiel opened them -
, Cas.”
“Cut that out,” Dean disagreed, “You cut that out right now.” His voice dropped to barely a whisper, but he was serious, his tone adamant. “I know what I said yesterday, but I. Don’t.
“Yes, sir. Thank you, sir.”  Castiel did not in any way indicate that this was exactly what he had asked for in the first place, but Dean was quietly astonished all the same to watch Castiel’s exact request fall from Zachariah’s lips as his own idea.
“He’s pretty good at trash talk,” Sam allowed, “and so far he can back it up, which is the real kicker. Where’d you learn to play like that, Cas?”
“I’m a vegan. But I could watch
to be with him again, Dean knew in that moment he would give Castiel absolutely anything he decided to take.
Dean nodded, gulping. He took a deep breath and smoothed his features, squared his shoulders. Once again Castiel was astounded at the transformation. He studied Dean’s face as he straightened his own tie, but there was no hint of fear visible anywhere on Dean now, his shoulders at ease and his face pleasantly impassive, and Castiel smiled at him in approval as he squared his own shoulder and stepped out of his cubicle to lead the way to Zachariah’s office.
“Do not misunderstand me, I enjoyed what we did beyond all possible description, but
change your mind,” he declared, and Castiel shook his head again as he pocketed his receipt and turned away to trundle his cart out the door. The kid had chutzpah, he had to give him that. He wondered, as he loaded his groceries into his trunk, if he was carrying himself differently, because two sexual advances in the space of two hours - not to mention the additional looks he had ignored at the gym - seemed like more than average for a Wednesday night.
Dean swallowed hard, pulled on his jacket, and grabbed his laptop bag to make his own hasty exit behind Anna, thanking Castiel over his shoulder for a wonderful evening and bolting to wait in Baby while Sam collected the rest of his crap and joined him a minute or so behind, too jazzed about the evening to notice if Dean was acting a little strange.
how Dean felt.
Castiel looked around the circle of faces at these men with whom he had shared the most terrifying of his experiences, the most humiliating of his episodes of terror. No one here had batted an eye at any of those things. They all had similar stories to tell; no one here hadn’t spent time curled in terror, pissing themselves in fear. This was harder.
Chapter Mood: Heated.
“Yeah, yeah, I used napkins.” Dean replied, crumpling his up as he spoke.
“I trust I can count on your discretion, Brandon?” Castiel asked, just to cover his bases.
“I know everything about you, Dean, you need no trickery or convincing to use me. You are welcome to this body, because I care about you, and I
Dean’s mouth fell open as Castiel watched his face keenly for his reaction.
Castiel blinked rapidly and shook his head, shaking the memory of the man whose given name he had never known back into the past. He gazed down at Dean kneeling before him, his gorgeous face raised in supplication, his desire making his hands tremble and his breath rasp raggedly past his lips, his chest shaking with each nervous inhalation. Dean was excruciatingly beautiful, the vulnerability of his submission the most exquisitely precious gift Castiel had ever been offered, and Castiel’s eyes stung and his chest hurt so much he couldn’t breathe to realize
. He’d like to see anyone try and get past Castiel when he looked like that and live.
Castiel growled low in his throat, Dean’s eyes widening to hear it, and then he moved the arm holding Dean’s hips motionless up, across his chest, to press his hand firmly over Dean’s mouth. Dean’s eyes flared in anticipation as Castiel gave him an “are-you-ready?” look. Dean nodded, and then Castiel took a breath and
” He kissed the top of her head and she shoved him away, danced her way back around the corner while they watched her go, turned to look at each other.
Castiel emptied his mind to grip his cock in his slickened fist, allowing himself to picture one of the new guys at the gym using the lat pulldown machine the other day. The muscles in his back had been lovely, and Castiel watched them ripple in his mind’s eye, spilled his pleasure over his hand with a soft sigh. Nothing earth-shattering but it got the job done; his usual, of late. He wiped up, padded to the bathroom to shower and shave and deal with the rest of his morning ablutions, wandered down to the kitchen in jogging shorts and sneakers, jogging tee slung over his shoulder, to make a protein smoothie and check his phone for messages.
There was a long silence at the other end of the line, a door, another door, and Dean’s voice sounded different when he answered. Still soft, but resonating from an enclosed space.
“We can’t leave together, Dean.”
Zachariah nodded his satisfaction and waved his hand at them in dismissal, and the two of them nodded and exited. Castiel followed Dean to his office this time so they could step inside, shut the door, and Dean could sag in relief, his breath huffing out like he’d been holding it the entire time.
“Ask what?”
Dean nodded gratefully, his fear ebbing and replacing itself with certainty he was going to be
“I got as much paperwork done tonight as I could Cas, so that I can get to the bar before I die of old age tomorrow. Sam told me you want to make us dinner on Friday and I’m hoping to get there before nine. I don’t think I can get us there any earlier, I’m so sorry. I have a fucking
a big deal. Castiel knew that even their best salespeople had been lucky to sign one new client in a month. San Francisco area restaurants had been closing left and right in the wake of the dot com bubble bursting and keeping their existing clients on board had taken most of their efforts for some time now. There just weren't as many hungry people looking to book a restaurant table as there had been two years ago and restaurants were harder to convince they needed the service. Six new clients to add to their database was going to mean a hell of a lot of work for his team but also maybe a turnaround for their slump. Maybe he’d get paid in actual dollars again someday.
Dean tried not to let his dismay show, but he couldn’t stop the whispered question from escaping his lips.
Castiel was already out of his shirt, struggling, now, with his pants, and Dean watched helplessly as Castiel got himself down to boxer briefs and eagerly crossed the space between them, bare feet padding across the faded linoleum, his arms outstretched.
what that meant.
On 10/4 I will mark this work complete and I will create it an AO3 Universe in which it will become part one. Then, I'll take a vague-tweeting hiatus of several months to give myself time to write out far enough ahead on book two that I'm not panicking or shorting the work. My process needs a fair amount of WIP available to backtrack to add foreshadowing or adjust dialogue when new ideas fall into place, but once I've published a chapter my hands are tied, so my rising panic at not having the space to create has become an issue. I need some room to breathe. Since making this decision I can already feel a rekindling the joy that I have been missing in working on this, so we can all rest assured knowing it's the right choice. <3
“You should have
“Never tried it. Never had a yard. But hand me a shovel and point me at a spot, I’ll get right to work. I’ll dig until I hit oil, unless you tell me to stop. Be Chinese sunshine shining through the bottom of it, if that’s what you want.”
,” he muttered, and Dean paused, spoon in mid-air, to study his face.
Castiel sounded almost bitter, and Dean stopped trying to figure out how to arch his body to get Castiel’s hand to touch his dick and used his words.
The motel room was no big deal, the kind of roadside attraction time forgot, with every door to the street and faded fifties everything, but Castiel was charmed beyond measure. He turned in a slow circle in unmitigated delight, his eyes wide like Dean had invited him into a suite at the Hilton, and Dean felt an inexplicable mixture of guilt and pleasure, waving at Cas to make himself at home as he dropped the gas station pie and six pack on the chipped formica table and heaved his duffel off his shoulder.
Dean growled and panted into his phone as Castiel’s noises tipped him over the edge that had been eluding his worn out dick for the last twenty minutes on his own, enjoying the comfortable silence that stretched out between them as he listened to Castiel’s heavy breathing ebb and flow into a contented sigh.
him when they hadn’t done this last week. All of that felt kind of titillating and made him a little nervous to boot.
Castiel shrugged, laughing suddenly, his mirth pure and bright.
but we nailed them - had a fucking busted pocket door on the bathroom and - “ Dean trailed off, whispering lamely, “no privacy.”
“What is it, Dean?”
“Well,” Dean deadpanned, “I let them do all the talking. Then I say ‘yes’ a lot.”
An hour later a rat was dead and in a dumpster, a sink was unclogged, a refrigerator was moved and then moved back after a rat nest was cleaned out from behind it, a burnt out light bulb replaced in a high fixture, and a diminutive gray-haired woman who spoke not a word of English was clasping Dean and Castiel’s hands goodbye. She pressed a greasy paper bag of something hot that smelled amazing from her tiny stovetop into Dean’s hands. He accepted the payment with a smile, bent down to kiss Mrs Rodrìguez’ cheeks and have his cheeks kissed in return, and they made their escape.
Dean remembered, his stomach twisting in remembered grief and agony, and something else. Jealousy, bitter and sour, and he fought it down, scowling.
Dean made a sound of protest, shaking his head in exasperation as he brushed past Alejandro to rejoin his team on the court, but Alex’s attention was on Castiel, an understanding passing between them. Castiel shook his head gently in the negative, no, there was nothing like that between him and Dean. Alex shook his head in disbelief, shrugged and murmured, “If you say so, Cariño.” He waved Castiel onto the court, both Dean and Castiel now playing for team Skins. Big Man came offsides as Castiel subbed in, to watch from the sidelines, grinning like a wolf.
The way Castiel’s lip curled up as he leaned back to admire Dean’s body pulled a whimper from Dean’s lips, and the lightning sparking in the depths of his eyes made Dean’s entire body crackle with anticipation as Castiel knelt between his thighs, vaguely uncertain and irritated about it.
“You may come right now, by your own hand, while I watch,” Castiel purred, “Or, you may relinquish your orgasm to me. If you give me your word you will delay your pleasure until I give you my permission to come, you may fuck my throat today, at a time and place of my choosing, sometime in the next twelve hours. Which will it be, Dean?”
Eventually Dean found his voice, whispered, “
“You don’t have to do that, I don’t want you to have to go out of your way - y’know, I mean go
When Dean’s erection finally flagged from the agony of being disobedient, he realized he was safe to touch himself again, the relief in his chest springing tears to his eyes as he squirted more lubricant in his palm and reached for his cock, stroking slowly, pleasure crashing over him in waves, and then there were footfalls on the stairs, steps coming down the hallway, electricity twisting in his stomach and racing up his spine, adrenaline that felt like terror and his cock had never been so hard in his life and Castiel’s voice, half an octave lower than usual, curling around him and
Dean nodded, frowning ever-so-slightly as he collected his toolbox, stepped out of Castiel’s garage and unlocked Baby’s trunk to stow it. He pulled her trunk shut again with a satisfying clunk, chewing his bottom lip and avoiding eye contact as he contemplated.
It was going to be a very long week, he could already tell.
yet, Dean realized, he’d just been showing him what to do. Dean couldn’t keep his eyes on Castiel’s face with Castiel’s cock so far down his throat but he could watch his stomach flex and he could listen to him groan and that was maddeningly hot as Castiel fucked him hard and fast, pushing into his throat to thrust short rapid strokes shoved in deep, pulling out when Dean tapped for a breath, then shoving back in for a few more short strokes buried in Dean’s throat. Castiel rutted with intent, panting and grunting, his fingers twisting in Dean’s hair and his breath rasping as his pleasure mounted. He sounded like he was getting close, and Dean dared to run his hands up Castiel’s thighs, doing nothing at all to attempt to change his rhythm or run the show, just caressing him softly, feeling the muscles of his thighs flex as he worked and weeping with relief. It had been
Dean nodded. “Go. I’ll meet you there.” He reached out to squeeze Castiel’s hand, electricity crackling between them everywhere their fingers touched. “Don’t start without me.”
When they pulled up in front of the library Sam was sitting on a bench, tapping away on his laptop and looking vaguely annoyed. It was a little past ten and he looked worried as hell to see the Pimpmobile until he saw Dean and Castiel inside, then he just looked annoyed, his face transitioning to confusion as Castiel got out of the car, came around to the passenger side, opened the door to pull an unresisting Dean to his feet and get him folded into the back seat.
“Thanks for saving me a spot!”
"Aren't we doing Christmas with Uncle Bobby?" Sam sounded worried and Dean was quick to reassure him.
“Castiel
Dean nodded eagerly, sagging with relief. “
that felt.
“He already knows. He has already helped me through several episodes.” His eyes returned to Miss Kittredge’s face, read the question on it, and his face grew shy. “He… he held me through the panic attacks,” he whispered, “and it helped more than anything else ever has.”
- lubricated.”
Castiel choked on his beer, and Dean watched him completely unsympathetically, grinning smugly while Castiel coughed into a bar napkin to clear his windpipe.
“Castiel,
Dean shuddered at the memory, admiring Castiel’s mouth, lips gently parted in his sleep. He shuddered again remembering the way Castiel had looked at him as he swallowed one last time and slid those gorgeous lips up off his cock, undoing his own trousers and gripping his cock in his hand in one smooth motion, groaning as he stared at Dean’s face and started to stroke himself dry. Dean had been mesmerized, frozen, his eyes glued to Castiel’s, but as Cas had started to shudder Dean had cried out, and Castiel had hesitated, his hand pausing in mid-stroke.
Castiel was early enough to see Dean arrive, perfection in a suit - the charcoal gray one this time, with a pink dress shirt and gray satin tie - purposefully striding in the door to saunter up to the bar. Dean ordered two craft beers, brought them over to join Castiel at his table, smiled at him, slid one of the beers his way. Well
Moments passed in silence, Sam typing away at his paper.
Dean snorted. “Can you imagine trying to roll out pie crust with a bottle of Jack?”
“Castiel, sir.” Castiel’s smile was pleasant, but politely confused. “What are you asking, precisely?”
“Aright, alright. You’re welcome, Dean.” He tilted his head pensively. “Lunch?“
Time slowed. There was an eternity of two pairs of lungs, slowly drawing breath and releasing it, one slow metronome heart keeping time, a second heartbeat’s rapid staccato gradually easing to follow that adagio tempo.
Friday.”
, you may yield to me more completely.
. The room was all a-titter with well wishes and questions about the lucky lady and Castiel accepted congratulations and smiles and refused all questions with a soft smile and a shake of his head. Finally, he held up his hands, smiling, and the hubbub died down enough for him to speak.
Onward! :-)
Castiel forgot about Dean’s belt momentarily as they kissed, both his hands coming up to cradle Dean’s face as he pressed his mouth to Dean’s and poured a lifetime’s worth of desperate longing into every touch of their lips, tears springing to Dean’s eyes as he received Castiel’s tenderness.
Castiel smiled at him, his hand twitching as though he wanted to put it on Dean’s shoulder, but remaining resolutely at his side. Dean crossed the distance Castiel could not, reaching out to grasp Castiel’s shoulder, which was distractingly solid under his deceptively accountant-esque suit, and look him square in the eye.
“Why?” asked Sam. “Why would you help us pull a con? You don’t owe us anything and it puts you at risk.”
“Life is hard enough, gentlemen. Any one of you who has a problem with what Castiel has just shared with us may leave right now, and join another group that I do not run. I will not abide bigotry. This is a
Sam rolled his eyes and Castiel looked up at him apologetically. “He’s not safe to drive like this. I didn’t think it through and I apologize for making him late. It won’t happen again, Sam.”
Castiel shuddered, wincing as nerve endings pulsed in echoes of remembered pleasure, reminding him in no uncertain terms he was still
This chapter is so soft and sweet and so poignant for me.
Dean spit himself laughing, gasping for breath in the middle of soaping his undercarriage.
I have
The two men stared at each other then each blurted:
better than conditioner in the shower, or worse, soap. This felt like liquid silk,
Castiel huffed out an exasperated sigh and the tension broke, Dean grinning up at him and waggling his eyebrows suggestively.
“You get used to it,” Dean soothed, smiling. “It’s worth it, I promise.  Okay, when it’s warm, wrap your hand around your dick, like this.”
Dean shook his head reluctantly. “You’re very kind sir, and I appreciate the offer, but… I need this gift to be from me and Sam. I’ll pay whatever she costs.”
Anna snorted and punched him again and he gallantly pretended it hurt, climbed out of her miniature car to walk her to her cubicle and pull out her chair like a gentleman, and returned to his cubicle almost not disappointed he wouldn’t see Dean today, either.
Sam nodded in agreement. “They practically had me convinced.”
“Oh, no, I’m sorry ma’am, I did not. I was distracted.”
Castiel cast his eyes in a wider circle, but his attention was drawn to Anna as she groaned “Ohhhh I can’t watch,” and he looked where she had been looking.
“Rolling pin. Have you got one?”
“Yes,
and his lips were hovering near the end of Dean’s cock now, hot breath huffing out in fresh arousal as his heavy gaze dropped to Dean’s dick again, his voice low and guttural.
“Thank you, Dean.”
, alright? Don’t even try to deny it.” Dean grinned at Castiel,
“Zen gardens have koi, not goldfish,” Sam declared pedantically.
Castiel liked Anna. She was kind, she always had a smile for everyone, and the words she spoke, as far as he could tell, seemed to match her body language. The awkward years of Castiel’s early adolescence when he had first understood he lacked intuition in that area most people seemed to come by easily were at least twenty years behind him, and he was observant and analytical. He had unraveled the small mystery of communicating with other humans just fine - how they spoke with their mouths and their bodies, and how to respond in kind - it was just the desire to do so he found himself lacking of late.
, I am
“Yes. I am always hungry, I think, or at least there is always pain in my stomach. I did not understand that being human was so
Dean's breath huffed out over swollen lips he’d just been biting, his back arching involuntarily into Castiel’s clumsy fist. It didn’t
“Couldn’t what, Dean?”
Castiel’s relief was a living thing. Dean could hear it, sniffing the air and lowering its hackles.
Castiel examined his stomach, which was in pain from the workout, yes, but more immediately relevant to his current situation, just past the line of black hair that curled down from his navel to his groin, along the curve of his obliques where they curved down into his pubic hair, there was a faint but unmistakable trail of decidedly bite-shaped purple bruises.
Castiel swallowed and the spell was broken, a wash of embarrassment flooding Dean as he broke his glance away from Castiel’s face to look at Cas’s hand, still held out, frozen, in the air.
Castiel’s answering smile was so bright everything else suddenly seemed like it always had been and now always would be sepia toned by comparison, and Dean forgot he had been laughing to stare up at him in awe.
Dean never missed a single shot, smiling fiercely as he killed it, oblivious to all eyes on him except for the one pair he could feel pressing heavily on his awareness, curling warmth in his chest.  He didn’t look at Castiel until he had cleared the table, the frat boys never even getting to take a single shot. Then, in a chorus of groans from the frat boys and a huge round of applause from everyone else, he took a single exaggerated bow, doffing an imaginary hat as he did so, and turned to smile at the only face he was playing for.
They stared at each other in mutual delight for exactly long enough before crawling out of bed to brush their teeth, playfully shoving each other out of the way to spit, rinse their faces, collapse in bed with the lights out, argue affectionately over whose turn it was to be the big spoon.
Castiel laughed out loud; managed to eat about a third of his sandwich, chewing slowly and methodically, by the time she was done. He reached into her bag of chips to snake a chip and she laughed and handed him the bag.
to think about.”  Castiel was still smiling, Dean could hear it, but his voice carried a note of shy uncertainty now, enough apology in his tone that Dean’s chest ached to hear it. “I
“Will you - can you please - I want to be
But… what if he did? Dean felt a frisson of electricity ripple through him at the possibility, and grabbed at the underlying feeling as it surfaced and tried to dive back under his subconscious, turned it over in his mind. He threw up some interrogation lights and tied it to a chair, wriggling, as it threw its tiny hands over its face, refused to cooperate. He stared at it, the oncoming lights on the highway becoming part of his internal monologue, the
since Castiel had touched him and it felt
“Alright, alright, we only have twenty minutes, let’s see what I can do.”
miles, Dean, ten 'seasy - “
“Oh thank god, I didn’t want to be rude.”
The line went dead, but Castiel could
Anna clucked like a mother hen, grinning at the two of them as Castiel’s friends descended around the table, drinks in hand, dragging over chairs when the four at the table were full until six faces were circled in companionship and libation. “What have we here?” Anna asked cheerfully, “Castiel is early? And what are you two giggling about?” Castiel and Dean looked at each other and dissolved into fresh snickering. Dean started to say “Cas says I can call hi- “ but Castiel broke in firmly “Nothing,” and Dean fell silent, still smirking, but respecting Castiel’s decree.
“Yes,” Sam answered, but he relented at Dean’s unhappy scowl. “Don’t feel bad Dean, those empanadas are like crack and only a giant pile of tamales kills the urge. ”
Dean’s face fell, his brow furrowing in concern.  “You didn’t… want that?”
“Yes, sir.” Dean stared at the man in surprise as his face lit up with delight and he beckoned Dean to follow him through the maze of plants towards a door in the back of the greenhouse, chatting pleasantly over his shoulder.
“I trust you,” Dean breathed. “I am saying yes because I trust you, and I want you, and anything you are willing to give me in this fluorescent hell in the next fifty five minutes, I am greenlighting, okay?
appealing, the cut lines of his obliques dipping down behind his fuzzy towel drawing Dean’s glance as Dean tried desperately not to look at Castiel’s face and failed, his eyes tripping upwards over the divots in Castiel’s abs -
By the time the timer went off the kitchen smelled
“Yeah, she misses you too.” Dean caressed Baby’s dash fondly. “Over an
Dean grinned at him. “It
“What’s the matter, Dean?”
The conference room was already about half full when Castiel arrived. The table was moved to the side and several dozen extra chairs had been brought in, arranged roughly in rows facing the whiteboard instead of around the table as usual. It looked like everyone was invited. Oh Joy, this would take at minimum two hours then, and that meant Castiel was not going to be able to pop over to the deli next door for lunch because the girl that made his sandwiches exactly the way he liked left at one thirty and the teenager that came in at two never got it right and he simply could not abide pickles and -
“AND, B...” Castiel declared, just to get another smile out of Dean before continuing, “I am not
“Did you see the message?”  Dean’s voice almost cracked, and Castiel did not miss the quaver.
fit you, maybe a little long -”
Dean sounded so forlorn Castiel shook his head vigorously no, even though Dean couldn’t see him.
“Oh good. I thought you’d make me lie on the couch, since I made you uncomfortable, and I want to be comfortable while I wait. This body is sore, in the hips. From the floor.”
, and, now,
Castiel’s attention had flipped from brother to brother as they recounted their tale, completely fascinated. Now as they both paused to retroactively admire José and Felipe’s acting chops, he waited several beats for the story to continue. When it dawned on him they were finished, he threw his hands out, palms up, and demanded satisfaction. “AND?” he asked.
Dean wiped his hand on his sheet and picked up his phone, sitting up straight and unconsciously squaring his shoulders before he touched the green icon, desperately fighting the way his voice wanted to crack.
Dean shrugged, watching Castiel’s mournful stare slip sideways from his empty plate to follow their waitress, Castiel’s attention
Dean nodded, eyes wide, and Castiel’s face went soft, and a little wicked.
“Against what?”
Sam continued,  “Dean made a show of going inside, giving the boys ten bucks to pay the cashier for the shoplifted candy that those ‘city bully kids made them take,’ made them apologize, and the kids and the cashier totally rolled with it. A local, as it turned out. Of course the cashier just pocketed that ten - “
Castiel watched Dean glide up to the bar to order two more bottles of dark beer, but his stomach twisted unexpectedly to see the same girl as last week approach Dean, utterly gorgeous in street clothes - painted-on jeans, cowboy boots and a clinging blouse, her fingernails bright red this time. She smiled up at him and he smiled down at her in surprise as she leaned in to him, asked him a question. Castiel couldn’t look away, his chest inexplicably tight, but Dean shook his head at her gently, smiling, leaned down to speak in her ear, tilt his head towards the table where Cas was sitting. He was here with a friend.
Sam looked up from his laptop then, staring at Dean evenly. “Do you even hear yourself right now? You’ve never seen Cas look at a dude? He’s only got eyes for one dude, Dean.”
“Sure, thanks again.”
“He flirted with Alex,” Sam countered, the discussion over as far as he was concerned. He turned his eyes back to his laptop.
than usual he had to pause, almost whimpering, still staring at Castiel’s face, but his eyes falling, accidentally, to his mouth.
Dean set his beer down to hold up a finger, rummaging around in his duffel until he found his FBI getup, two shirts and a pair of pants with him this trip.
a good scene. Poor Jesse - “
Warnings: Doctor's office. Terrible parenting.
Dean idly picked at the label of his beer, thinking about what
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Dean muttered, cornered.
worse liar than Dean in any universe, but possibly the
“ - But it didn’t make a bit of difference Cas, the moment you walked in, the
He’d dig his teeth into the column of Dean's neck maybe, whisper into Dean’s ear until he moaned, open him up slow and easy so he could finally,
“That’s fair. Adding lube wasn’t really an improvement after all, Cas.”
“It’s for protection -”
He grinned and held up his hands in surrender as Castiel’s expression turned to actual murder.
“RIGHT?” exclaimed Dean. They smiled at each other, a question working its way across Castiel’s face. Dean waited, watching Castiel’s face expectantly.
“Did you find the place easily?”
“ - What are the other fish named? - “
Castiel’s tone was eager, not embarrassed at all, and Dean decided not to tell him about cardinal rule number two, watching instead as Castiel wrapped his hand around his own cock and put his new skills to the test, slowly sliding up and down, Dean’s skin rippling with chills as Castiel groaned in surprised pleasure and redoubled his efforts, hiding neither his rapid breathing, nor his delicious little moans and groans and gasps, his face alternating between surprised delight and raw pleasure in a way that made Dean’s entire body hum with desperate arousal, tension simmering under his skin.
Castiel stopped immediately, releasing Dean’s dick and watching with great interest as Dean’s entire body shuddered, his dick twitching, seeping a little arousal as he tried desperately to catch his breath.
Dean nodded dreamily, his body feeling strangely heavy for some reason. “Okay.”
“Not just now, Dean.”
Castiel kept his shoulders square by sheer force of will as the set of his jaw hardened and his arms crossed defensively over his chest. When he opened his eyes they were unfocused, tears slipping from them, and it took him a moment to realize that Miss Kittredge was standing in front of him, blocking his view of the rest of the room. Her eyes glistened in the dim fluorescent glow of the Unitarian Universalist church basement, and when she spoke her voice was as gentle as he’d ever heard it.
The breath Castiel blew out had a slight quaver to it, but Dean politely pretended not to notice, holding him tightly, his lips nibbling Castiel’s earlobe just a little until Castiel shuddered and pulled out of the embrace, turning to face Dean.
“Where do they go?” Dean asked gently, dreading the answer, but Castiel smiled reassuringly. “Oh, just back to the store for someone with a bigger pond to take home. I foster a few at a time until they are big enough to live with the bigger koi. I leave a little note about their personalities when I bring them back so they find the right homes. Sometimes the new owners even let me visit to see how they like their new homes, which are always much nicer than this one.”
Chapter Mood: Soft, a little worrisome, even softer.
Dean pulled up to the Stanford library to collect Sam with a smile playing at the corner of his lips, riding the adrenaline high of crushing those frat boys with the heavy weight of Castiel’s watchful gaze curling around his chest. It had never felt so intense before, usually the feeling came and went over the course of a pool game as Castiel either chatted with his friends or, Dean suspected, looked away when Dean turned to face him so he wouldn’t know Cas had been watching the whole time. Tonight Castiel had given him his undivided attention, and it had been... intoxicating. A little ripple of gooseflesh raced up Dean’s arms and around the back of his neck just thinking about it. Sam pulled open the door and folded himself into the passenger seat, heaving his backpack between them into the back seat as he slouched into the upholstery and took in Dean’s face.  “What’re you grinning about?” Sam asked, smiling just to see his brother happy.
him, making his entire body tremble, asking, “Dean? Are you awake?” as the knock came at the door -
“Wow, that must have been hard to share, good job Castiel!”
“For a
“Castiel, you took a huge leap of faith today, and your doing so helped Stephen share. I am
This was apparently exactly the right thing to say. There were delighted whoops and Dean’s face broke into a radiant smile as he bounded over to accompany Castiel to his car, yelling “We’ll be right back!” They were up the crumbling steps and in and out of Dean’s place in under three minutes, Castiel now wearing gym shorts and a sleeveless jogging tee instead of jeans and the button-down he’d been wearing moments before.
the Castiel whose hands had trembled trying to undo his own zipper on Saturday, and Dean’s entire body vibrated with fierce joy and desperate need as he parted his lips without hesitation to accept Castiel’s thick cock, pressing insistently into his mouth, his musk strong and heady, the hand Castiel had been using to guide his cock moving to grip the back of Dean’s head as soon as he shoved past Dean’s lips. Castiel’s eyes were dark, his face was fierce, and he stared into Dean’s eyes with such intensity as he pushed his cock into Dean’s mouth that Dean blushed and broke eye contact, casting his eyes down in deference, his hands uncertainly curling and uncurling on his own thighs.
feel it. Fascinating.”
“Will… Will Castiel mind?” Dean finally asked, his face torn. Frank obviously cared about Cas, so he wouldn’t offer a Devil’s bargain, would he?
Castiel took a deep, calming breath, carefully composed himself. He started to apologize again, but the smug smile on Dean’s face gave him pause and he smiled back instead, confused.
Dean lifted both hands in the air, startled, as the proprietor expertly wove through the hanging pots to steady the one Dean had brushed against, whispering soothingly to the orchid as he did so.
“What do you need, Cas?”
, and Sam appeared hopefully in the kitchen doorway, drooling, as Dean stepped away from his third software presentation since the mac and cheese had gone in the oven to take a look. He pulled the pie out but not the mac and cheese, and Sam’s face fell with a groan.
okay Dean.”
Dean reached out to touch the one named Sylvia, stroking a long, strap-like leaf gently. It was thick, fleshy, not like any plant he’d ever looked at up close before. “She’s gorgeous, Cas,” he murmured. “They all are. I’ve never seen anything like these.”
.” Castiel’s eyes widened in surprise, and Dean sucked in a deep breath, held it for a couple seconds, blew it out, and turned to face Castiel, smiling ruefully. “I knew I shouldn’t bend over that pool table, Cas, I
. I’ll plan enough time to take care of you afterwards if we do anything like that again, Dean. We can’t go to pool night like that again, Anna warned us - “
“Some, I guess. Not since we moved out here.” He shrugged, flummoxed, added a shy, “Thanks.”
There were cheers and simultaneous groans of disgust and the game split up, sweat-soaked men wandering over to clap Castiel on the back, or shake his hand, or give Dean a piece of their minds for the foul that cost the game. Castiel was gracious and friendly and Dean was grumpy to have lost but simultaneously proud and impressed by Castiel, all of which Castiel quietly observed and tucked away to treasure forever. Dean and Castiel eventually repaired upstairs to stand in the kitchenette, trying medium successfully not to drip on anything while they waited for Sam to get out of the shower.
Dean rolled over, groaning for real as his head mentioned last night’s festivities, and he willed the ache to leave him alone for just a minute. He fumbled with the nightstand looking for how he could MacGyver his situation real quick - what did Cas have in here anyway - and pulled the drawer open. His eyes widened in impressed surprise.
“You want your hands free?”
The effect of the honorific on Castiel was viscerally satisfying, despite the fear rolling off Dean in viscous waves. Castiel’s breath hissed out in a groan, his arousal palpable as he fought to retain control of himself, reaching for the lubricant on Dean’s side table with enough adrenaline coursing through his body to make his hands tremble. Castiel read the label, squirted a little dollop out onto his fingertips to feel it and taste it, grimacing, and set the bottle back down without taking more, Dean’s eyes wide as Baby’s hubcaps when Castiel turned back to face him again.
Turned out he was pretty good at it. He’d started a little hashtag count in the back of his notebook, and his personal best in an hour was pretty impressive. Good thing he’d talked ‘John’ into paying fifty cents for the first minute, even if they hung up, because he’d had a few the other night he could
Castiel had nodded his permission, let go and rearranged himself to lean back on his elbows, and Dean had fallen over himself to please him. He stroked Cas at the same pace Cas had just been stroking himself, leaning over to use his mouth, too, not sure how to make the angle work but Cas groaned and reached for the back of Dean’s head, laced his fingers in Dean’s hair and fucked up into Dean’s mouth at the pace he needed, fast and shallow, no more than half a dozen thrusts groaning and watching his cock slide between Dean’s lips before he came with a shout, his entire body going taut as he crested. Dean eagerly took everything Cas could give him, stroking him though the wave, swallowing Cas as far down as he could manage, then reluctantly releasing him when he hissed at the stimulation.
“What?” Sam asked, looking up from his screen.
Dean looked away, embarrassed at the inadequacy of his words.
Dean tried speaking a couple times, finally managing to croak out, “You want to lie… under me?”
Castiel sighed, smiled his surrender, and tried honesty instead.
Castiel’s intake of breath was loud in the enclosed space. Dean stared at him evenly as he signaled and made a right turn.
Zachariah frowned to himself, tapping a pen on his notes. He nodded to himself and made a decision.
I shouldn’t bend over that pool table, Sammy, but I did it anyway and Cas couldn’t handle this sweet ass, drove him
Happy Friday my Darlings, ye most treasured of readers who can read a WIP & feed me with your delicious comments. You are the only thing that keeps me publishing. I've got two chapters that can come out this week - the first soft, the second *ahem* hard ;-) - but I'm trying a new paradigm. Last week only M had a chance to read me by Friday past 9EST - or she was the only one who took the time to leave a comment by then. Naturally, I had a crisis of *is this worth the pain of showing anyone*, as I do, sulked a bit, threw a mini tantrum, cried, and then went as far offline as I can to lick my wounds.
Tenderness soon gave way to desperate heat again and Castiel reached down to finish undoing Dean’s belt, reached into his boxer briefs to grip Dean’s searing cock in his hand, squeeze until Dean groaned, relax his grip to stroke him dry.
to Cas, not that he would admit how good that felt or how much he wanted it but now Cas was slowly, inexorably pulling him down over his cock, the stretch
Anna spilled his chips when she threw her arms around him, her cheeks wet, but Castiel didn’t mind, just hugged her as long as he wanted, refusing to let go until she giggled, kissing the top of her head as she laughed and finally releasing her, smiling at her fondly.
“I’m sorry?”
his touch felt
Dean looked around the table, delighted. “Aye,” he said softly, his eyes shining.
Castiel met Sam’s accusation with full eye contact, his face mild as he stroked Dean’s hair.
“Look, I’m sorry, it’s just been a long week of, uh, no privacy to take care of business and I was going to go out tonight to find someone -”
“Well
Castiel returned to his workstation to help tackle the giant pile of data entry freshly released to his team after the reveal of six new clients, vaguely cursing the downsizing of all the data entry people, but mostly intrigued by the puzzle of Dean Winchester, a much more complex riddle than he had surmised from dismissing that pretty head shot several hours before.
“Let’s hope for all our sakes it doesn’t get to that point. I imagine you would no longer earn a commission if I murdered the client.”
He did not expect to find Castiel kneeling behind him, brow furrowed in concern, one hand held out in apology like a benediction. Castiel’s white dress shirt was visibly damp from collar to belt and Dean unconsciously hugged himself tighter in confused embarrassment.
“Don't sell yourself short, Cas. Talent wins games, and you’re an all-star player, but
By the time he regretted pressing send it it was too late, and he pushed his phone away angry with himself for his weakness, jumped out of his skin when it vibrated.
‘Whole Lotta Love’ was still in the first verse.  Dean’s fingertips tapped along on the steering wheel as he turned onto the highway and gave Baby her head, back towards that Roadhouse he’d seen a few miles out of town.
“ - Gross! - “ Sam was grinning now, and Castiel barely flinched before grinning back, meeting Sam’s eyes to explain.
“ - Holy Shit Cas, your garden is
Castiel shrugged sheepishly, flushing to be the subject of this impromptu show-and-tell, all eyes in the courtyard turning to size him up. Some of the players grabbed water or gatorade from the shade under the upper balcony while children came over to gawk up at the novelty of this new white man allowed in their midst, José proudly declaring he already knew Cast-ee-yell.
“To answer your
easy. Castiel shuddered involuntarily with how badly he wanted to be with Dean in that way and sucked in a slow, deep breath, wondering how long it would be until Dean asked for it.
“Cas, I -” Dean was clearly uncomfortable now, his eyes finding nowhere safe to land.  “I’m sorry, I know I’m a dick to keep bolting like that, it’s not fair to you at
to get this turned in."
“I require verbal confirmation.”
Sam stared at Dean incredulously for several beats, Baby purring away as Dean stared out the windshield, his casual tone completely failing to hide his obvious jealousy from Sam for even a second. The only possible question was who he was more jealous of.
"Don't worry, we're going to Uncle Bobby's for Christmas, you've got a decent break and we promised." Sam looked relieved as Dean continued. "But... we should get Cas something. If he doesn't do Thanksgiving what are the chances he does Christmas?" Sam's mouth fell open in horror as he thought about it and Dean nodded in agreement. "Exactly. So let's get him something."
when I’m penetrating you, Dean.”
“First, you will give me your word she will go directly to Castiel’s garden, the exact day you pick her up. I need to know you will drive her from here to his house, without stopping anywhere, with your windows rolled up and no air conditioning.”
“I enjoyed that so much I thought of nothing else for weeks afterwards, Dean, and I researched what else our bodies might be able to do together, although I admit I did not think you would like much of what I found. But it seemed that in some cases only the man underneath would be called ‘gay,’ so I had hoped you might not mind lying with me that way.”
Dean mused. Honestly he’d started feeling a tiny bit like he had bad breath or something the way Cas was avoiding him, but the corner of Cas’s lip was still curled up when he stole another glance and the worry that he hadn’t realized had been gnawing at him melted away.
(See the end of the chapter for
we have manners for ONE MINUTE?”
Today the glances felt different. Less covert, more eager maybe, and instead of preening a little to pay his share forward, his eyes snapped open to try to figure out what the hell was going on. A dozen men surreptitiously glanced away, except for one of the guys he’d seen around the longest. John? Joe? Jason? Something with a J, he couldn’t remember - they’d never spoken beyond a courteous greeting -  but maybe Jason’s eyes swept back up to his face, grinned at him, and indicated Castiel’s torso with raised eyebrows and a pointed glance; grinned even wider as Castiel’s glance followed where he’d been looking.
Please note, our innocently filthy Cas has necessitated an update to the tags. I've added "rough sex" and "choking" to our complement. Those don't come up yet, I'm just telling you now, and they aren't bad at all... just. This Cas isn't bound by societal norms of what is and isn't expected in the average bedroom. He's deliciously free of those sorts of constraints, and I don't want to catch anyone unaware.
“It’s okay. It’s a huge commission, it would have gotten you a laptop that can actually run the software you need.”
.” Dean’s voice fell to a whisper as he shut his eyes and just
Castiel stood up, murmured “I'll be right back, please excuse me,” to Anna, and turned away as she smiled knowingly into her drink. He strode rapidly to the door, stumbled outside to make it around the side of the building to lean on Baby, one hand on her flank, parked beside his Old Lady Lincoln one slot closer to the door. The night was cool and that helped as he gulped air and tried desperately to get a handle on himself. He shut his eyes and tried to breathe slowly, only to hear footsteps coming his way, to open his eyes to see Dean behind him, reflected in Baby's window.
Warnings: none.
Dean nodded mutely, followed Frank as he expertly wove through the hanging baskets and let Dean out the front door to roar away in Baby, his wallet empty, his heart troubled, and his tires spinning gravel.
between his index finger and his thumb.
These 3 chapters need to come out together, and then you miiight get a couple slightly thinner weeks. Reading is fast. Writing is slow. The agony of that ratio haunts me. ENJOY. :-D
Dean’s hand came to a complete stop as he stared up at Castiel in awe, and Castiel’s voice was gentle when he asked, “What is it, Dean?”
He hadn’t thought of it like that, but in a way, it was true. He
“I don’t understand, I did the same thing you did. It doesn’t feel the same as when you do it.”
Dean looked at Castiel, his eyes still wide with the recollection. “I told him.”
“Not like that, Cas. Like this.”
“No,” Castiel denied flatly. “Although it might have started at the bar, we went somewhere private and… took care of it, and it won’t happen again.”
,” Dean murmured into Castiel’s ear, “That no matter what color you picked out of that swatch book thing to go with your living room paint color, I was going to love it, because
Castiel gasped, his pupils flaring wide, and Dean’s heart started to pound in his ears as he felt Castiel’s cock swell against his thigh, but Castiel made no move to do anything about it, so Dean waited patiently, watching his face.
to have embarassed you. I was attempting humorous wordplay on the assumption you had taken a
Castiel’s chest bloomed warmth at Dean’s reassurance, and Dean’s words wrapped around him like a blanket, soft and warm and…
Warnings: World-class shitty parenting.
It was a matter of a few minutes for Castiel to make good on his word, arriving with their coats and his laptop case slung over his arm just as Dean finished patting his face dry over the sink with paper towels, the cold water splash helping his frame of mind if not his body temperature.
“Anything yet on that search?” Dean asked, but Sam shook his head desultorily and blew out a breath.
called it, after reading half the internet. I called it ‘figuring out where my head’s at.’ You know I care about you, Cas, right, you
“You a sports fan, Cas?”
compared to the one that Cas gave him now.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to touch her - “
Castiel came in seconds this time, collapsing onto his back so close to Dean their shoulders were touching, and Dean guiltily savored the touch, still panting, reaching for a pillow for himself so he could interlock his fingers behind his head, savoring this feeling and ignoring the real world threatening to encroach on this impossible moment.
He stared at his phone for a long minute, but nothing came back, and he found himself so nervous his hands were shaking as he typed a followup.
lose at -”
“Yeah, okay, Cas, I guess friends help each other out...”
Dean couldn’t continue and he broke eye contact to stare down at his hands again, his eyes red and far away.
to know.
“Your therapist hugs you? Dude, that sounds more L.A. than San José...”
Stephen nodded, smirking, as did a number of other faces around the circle.
Dean did not look pleased with this backup. “Shut up, Sam,” he muttered.
Castiel thought about the question carefully. He hadn’t done anything special for Christmas in a very long time, but of all the memories he had carefully suppressed, maybe the one that he most missed was baking with his mother. Sam and Dean certainly loved pie, maybe they’d be up for it?
“It’s okay,” Dean lied, putting the sum total of his entire career of professional lying to shame with the pure conviction he poured into the biggest whopper he’d ever told in his life.
Dean shared a look with Sam, both their eyes wide, recalling their shared terror.
me. They
“Really?”
Dean lifted his eyes to meet Castiel’s gaze, his entire body vibrating with adrenaline and anticipation. Castiel stared at him for several heartbeats, his eyes wide and dark but his face soft for a moment, affectionate. Then his eyes fell to Dean’s mouth, and the fondness on his face was instantly replaced with a snarl of carnal lust, one hand reaching out to cradle Dean’s chin and the other gripping him by the back of the neck as he thrust his hips forward to press his cock against Dean’s parted lips, stretching wide open immediately to accept him.
Castiel carried the hamper down to the laundry room to shove the sheets in the washer and to bring Dean’s duffel up to the bedroom. When he knocked on the bathroom door Dean was just climbing into the claw foot tub, and he yelled “Come in!” with far more ease than the last time he’d done the same, sighing into the stream of water, soaping his pits rapidly so he wouldn’t waste a drop of hot water.
before you call a man who is not your father ‘Daddy’. I do not recall having proffered any such invitation, Dean.”
“Nooo…” Dean’s flush worsened, and Castiel’s open pleasure at admiring it did not help. Dean remained silent, his hand slowly resuming its former motion, and Castiel quirked an eyebrow at him, watched the subsequent ripple of gooseflesh travel across Dean’s body with satisfaction.
“Do you want the specifics, Sam?”
“Thank
a little anyways, Castiel’s heat and pressure just as intoxicating as the fragrance rolling off him had been a minute ago.
“Of course, Dean, you have my word I will use the utmost discretion. No one will know.”
, I don’t even know what to say.” Anna grinned and picked up her sandwich, took a huge bite, spoke with her mouth full. “Race you.”
“What the FUCK -”
Dean held his breath, trying not to betray the sudden pain in his stomach.
“What would you like, Dean?”
“Fuuuck, Cas,” he groaned,  “I don’t know how you didn’t murder me, I’ve been fucking this up soooo bad.”
“How did you know what to do?”
Castiel abruptly fell silent, and Dean could
“Zit time t' go? Already?”
“No, there aren’t any on either of us, Dean, I left them all in their natural habitat -”
José nodded proudly. “He backed down just like you said he would.”
Sam nodded, his face twisted with worry, and he tossed his bag into the passenger seat and got in, shut the door and adjusted the seat for his legs while Castiel climbed into the back with Dean and did up his seatbelt, cradled him in his arms. Dean nestled into Castiel’s chest with a happy sigh, closing his eyes contentedly, and Sam turned around almost completely in the front seat to watch with dismay.
morning!” he reprimanded firmly. “Don’t listen to him, Dean. He’s a terrible liar.”
too tightly - and slowly sliding up, then down, before Dean could find his sputtering words.
As Castiel struggled to find a way to ask that wouldn't be insulting, a car roared below them in the street, turned off, and a car door slammed.
“Alright, thank you, Dean.”
“Cas, that’s not - I’ve never -”
“Are you…
“Making dinner for those gorgeous boys, huh?”
was so much more important than the
“I think I’d prefer you call me
“Yes, Dean. Wouldn’t want morning breath on my dick all day.”
“Second, Castiel must give me her first two divisions, whenever those may be.”
As Dean descended the stairs he saw that Castiel was waiting for him at the foot of the stairs and hadn’t gotten all the way to the kitchen yet, that was odd, and
It’s like ten miles -”
“Capice,” Castiel whispered, blinking rapidly.
“You’re not gonna scare me off that easy, Cas. Call this anything you want. I’m in, both feet. I don’t care who knows or doesn’t, okay? On your own time.”
“Stop talking.”
Dean laughed, stepping past Castiel to reach for the door handle.
Castiel ran a hand through his unruly dark hair, smoothed his features into less of a scowl. “You got it boss.”
After he bit into his, Castiel immediately regretted not taking two, but the ones that were left were rapidly disappearing into Sam. Castiel ate with his eyes closed, careful not to make a sound after the embarrassment from last night’s patty melt. He opened his eyes to lick his fingers and sigh. Dean smiled and shook his head, cracked his second pastry in half to share it with Cas, and the room was completely silent except for the sound of chewing until all the empanadas were devoured.
Dean was only too happy to oblige, leaning down to shove his tongue into Castiel’s mouth, the heat of Castiel’s body welcoming him fore and aft overwhelming, and his lubricated hand snaked between their bodies without his volition, wrapping around Castiel’s cock to slide back and forth in time with the rolling thrusts of his body, Castiel’s cries muffled behind Dean’s tongue as he shoved it as far into his mouth as he could, waiting until he felt Castiel
They all stared at him, practically holding their breaths, as he met Castiel’s eyes and spoke softly.
he loved this man kneeling on the floor in front of him, begging him for his touch, just as his lover had promised all those years ago.
“I am perfectly capable of possessing you in the way of men.”
Dean’s face registered confused dismay, and Castiel clarified gently.
"Can walk
“That was a series of happy accidents,” Dean explained. “We were looking for somewhere cheap and driving around looking for vacancy signs like idiots - ”
RIGHT. :-)
Dean remembered exactly the day Sam was talking about. He thought about the way Alejandro had raked his eyes over Castiel’s body, the way Cas had lifted an eyebrow in challenge, unselfconscious, but more than that, completely aware - comfortable with - the effect his body had on certain other men. “I can be hard to resist,” he had told Dean, smiling. He knew his power. Dean felt a flood of jealousy at the recollection and clamped it down, hard.
Anna grinned and batted her eyelashes. She was fully decked out as a kitten, the kitty ears from before but now also a black bodysuit, tail, and whiskers drawn on her face in eyeliner. She was adorable.
“It’s okay,” Castiel soothed, smoothing the surprise from his face, which transitioned to chagrin as he apologized. “I came as fast as I could, I’m sorry I wasn’t here sooner - “
“Do you want me to -
“Good. Set up a new meeting with the six-location client and take Castiel to have a chat with them before you let them sign that contract. I want him to take a look at any new features before we agree to provide them. Castiel, I want you to let me know if anything looks like it’s going to involve ‘considerable time or expense’ before we agree to a delivery date. Capice?”
Brandon grinned, and scribbled a number on Castiel’s receipt anyway before handing it over, beaming.
Uh. It's GISH week, I am balls to the wall over here and I know a lot of you will be too but here is your porn, don't forget to send fire emojis or something :-D Mwah!
Dean scrambled to his feet, collecting his shoes and clean socks from his duffel.
“That was an accident, Dean. I
He watched as Dean flushed, Castiel’s approval washing over him as a physical wave of intense pleasure that Castiel could
“Oh.” Dean uncrossed one arm to rub the back of his neck and stared down at his soaked, wrinkled shirt. He fingered one of the buttons on his shirtfront sheepishly and watched his finger turn white under his fingernail as he pinched the button
"Cas! I thought I dreamed you!"
Castiel smiled shyly as the room erupted into cheers, several of the other soldiers leaping up to clap him on the back, physical contact that had never happened before but he didn’t mind this time. Miss Kittredge’s smile was completely sincere as she congratulated him and reached out to touch his shoulder - not the protocol, but a sweet human moment that Castiel accepted with gratitude and a huge smile that reached every corner of his eyes.
Warnings: Slightly rough sex, choking.
Castiel wouldn’t let Dean come, pulled his tension taut and then denied him his release, over and over, pinning Dean’s arms over his head with his weight and strength, kissing him passionately and tenderly and passionately again and grinding against him until Dean was sore from the friction, his need shining in his eyes as glittering tears, his gasping breaths coming almost as sobs.
for making it,” - he emphasized the thank you with a raised eyebrow at Dean, daring him to protest, but Dean wisely said nothing, his smile radiant as Castiel continued - “And I know you were only teasing about the Stubborn Club holding meetings at my place on Fridays Dean, but if I have a vote I move that we make that happen.”
Dean paused at Castiel’s navel, the view impressively different now, and he lifted his eyes to Castiel’s face with a wry smile on his lips, expecting to find embarrassment, and finding instead only irritation.
Castiel was smiling at him, his eyes soft and fond.
gay that long pause might have been him trying to decide if Dean could be trusted with the information, and it hurt to worry Cas was afraid of what he might think.
Castiel could not hide the quaver in his voice, and Dean reached for his friend’s shoulder as Cas pulled himself unsteadily to his feet, rolling his eyes just a tiny bit in Castiel’s direction and smiling goodbye at their waitress on their way past, steering Castiel unobtrusively through the crowd and out the door, before answering him over the hood of his Baby like their evening had begun.
Zachariah was not in a good mood. They could see him barking into his phone through the window of his corner office as they approached, but he hung up and waved at them to come in with a brief grimace that could technically be called a smile, jotting several notes down on something as they stepped inside and stood at attention in front of his desk.
simultaneously the most intimate and hottest sensation he’d ever felt in his life, his eyes rolling back in his head as he felt Castiel’s demand he follow and he obeyed instantly, the pleasure of obeying nearly rivaling the pleasure Castiel was coaxing from his body right now, so overwhelming that everything was kind of going white around the edges -
Dean listened to Castiel’s soft breath whistling past his ear. He could feel Castiel’s heartbeat, slow and steady at his back, and he could feel the washing machine vibrating through the floor from below, working diligently to catch up with the mess they had made today. He caressed his thumb gently back and forth over Cas’s hand, held gently in his own, the entire length of their naked bodies entwined on top of crisp white linen sheets, where they had collapsed after making the bed for the second time in twenty-four hours. Castiel’s arm curved over Dean’s waist from behind, his embrace like a fire at Dean’s back, and Dean felt no need to reach for even just the top sheet as he drifted in and out of a doze, not quite ready to let this day end.
Zachariah stared at Castiel blankly. “I thought you were a new hire, Novak, this May.”
Castiel smiled politely. “The logical puzzle of storing and manipulating information efficiently and elegantly is something I enjoy, sir. Personnel management does not interest me in the slightest.”
“Did I miss taco salad last night?” His glance traveled to the counter, where about half the pie remained after Sam had gotten done with it. “And
Both men jumped as Anna approached, Castiel’s tan coat over her shoulder and his suit jacket over her arm. She shoved both peremptorily into Castiel’s arms, shaking her head up at the two of them. “You idiots cannot come here this hungry for each other, people will notice. I ran interference to the best of my ability but
was too rare to pass up.
Dean broke first, panting and pulling away from Castiel to lean against Baby beside him, the inches between them a painful distance, heat radiating between their bodies where their thighs were almost touching. Dean pressed his hands on his own thighs, hard, leaning forward, his ass parked against Baby’s hood, and groaned in frustration.
He was at Castiel’s of course, in the guest room, flopped on the bed on top of the covers, wearing the same clothes as last night. Alone, with a moment of rare, blessed privacy at the same time as raging morning wood. Dean pressed his hand on his erection over his jeans and suppressed a groan. Didn’t matter what time it was, five more minutes wouldn’t make a difference and the opportunity to jack off
slicker than should be possible, completely bare, and
Dean shook his head and explained, “Cas, you think anyone delivers here? That doesn’t live here?”
Dean groaned and shook his head to clear it, banishing the feeling back to his subconscious and ending the metaphorical line of questioning abruptly. He didn’t know how to think about something like this; he didn’t even know how to approach it. This felt big, important,
“I HEARD THAT!” Cas hollered from inside the bathroom. Sam and Dean shared incredulous, delighted smiles, and Sam leaned in super close to whisper to Dean, “I really like him, Dean.”
, Castiel was
“Wait for what? Wait, what do you mean, the floor?”
The boys trailed Castiel up his stairs as he called over his shoulder.
Chapter Mood: Soft. Then SOFT.  Just One Perfect Chapter this week. <3
“Okay, Cas, now you try.”
Dean looked crestfallen. “I mean, yes, I know I’m running a con Cas, but it wasn’t like that. I was just trying to be friendly.”
Castiel’s face lit up with hope, but when he excitedly asked the question, the slightly slurred question on his lips made Dean have to look away again, his stomach twisting around the bacon cheeseburger inside it.
Castiel fell silent at the shock on Dean’s face, shock and something else he didn’t recognize, but definitely not a
I'm on twitter under the same name, because I got over the embarrassment of writing porn and landed firmly on the LOOK HOW GREAT I AM AT THIS BE PROUD OF ME MOFOS in about the first 90 days of writing.
Castiel’s emphasis on the word “greatly” pulled a smirk to Dean’s lips, and the answering smile slowly spreading across Castiel’s face made every moment of last night entirely worth it.
He thought for a moment and also texted his address, just as Dean’s reply came in.
Castiel didn’t say anything, and Dean finally lifted his eyes to look, his face tortured.
. He hadn't believed the excuse Castiel had made. Castiel felt terribly ashamed and immensely gratified at the same time, emotions that played across his face in real time as he struggled to compose himself, looking away from Dean for the first time the entire evening in embarrassment.
“Only fair,” he added, giving Castiel a good-humored but still quite lecherous glance that swept up and down his body in slow-motion. Dean bristled but Castiel laughed, he liked Alex very much already, and
“Everything... alright, Cas?”
“I didn’t brush my teeth,” Dean had whispered shyly, “because you wanted to taste the pie...” and Cas had beamed at him.
. Did I use enough lube?”
“I get that, Cas, and I appreciate the offer, but -”
Anna maneuvered herself in front of him, blocking his car door.
Sam nodded solemnly. “It was a really lucky break. From Dean always jumping in to help people without even thinking about it.”  He smiled at Dean proudly.
“Oh, right,” Dean said, “It was pretty much a done deal after that. The cops were satisfied and left. Big Man waited until they were gone, listened to José and Felipe’s explanation. Alex made a couple quick phone calls in Spanish, couldn’t catch it but it did not sound good. Big Man sent José and Felipe home.  Shook our hands, thanked us for helping his boys, asked us what con we were in town to run.“
-down, I suppose,” he mused, and Dean snorted and covered his mouth with his hand, even as his eyes widened.
“I didn’t,” Dean soothed, “these are just things you didn’t need to buy since I’ve already got them laying around. An onion. Cream of tartar and flour for the pie crust. Okay?” Castiel nodded, mollified, and Dean looked around the kitchen as Castiel emptied his grocery bags and put the perishables in the refrigerator - milk and butter and cheese and bacon.
“Not his fault guys, that was on me. That’s my friend Castiel. Castiel, everyone.”
“Dickinson?” Sam hazarded, smiling at Cas as he stood up straight from reading the label.
Castiel headed home musing about the nature of attraction, and wondering how he could help Dean with his workload before he collapsed under it. He decided a pie might be just the thing, and took a detour to Trader Joe’s to collect the ingredients, texting Sam when he got there to ask if he had any particular dinner requests for their usual Friday dinner. The response came in only moments later.
“What? Why would you think that?” Dean spluttered, as Sam’s incredulity ratcheted up a notch.
I wanted to take a moment to thank the readers who left me comments last Friday, then again those of you who stepped up at the beginning of this week when I was wailing on twitter that my needs for head pats were not being met. I don't know whether to apologize or double down - both have their appeal - but just to summarize the wailing: I understand that a reader's relationship with the art is out of my hands and none of my business, I promise, I have been an avid reader for at least 35 years.
Dean’s hungry mind offered up an all-you-can-ask buffet of new questions to replace the amuse-bouche that was just served. He practically gaped at Castiel before catching himself and smoothing a neutral expression over his features.
Whatever you want,
“What? How?”
Castiel watched, fascinated, as a tall, broad-shouldered teenager strode through the door, heavy backpack slung over one shoulder. He was strikingly attractive, athletic, shaggy hair framing a face that Castiel had to stop himself gawking at before he was rude. The young man couldn't be twenty yet and Castiel looked immediately to Dean to try to surmise the nature of their relationship. Dean, who was handing the teen an opened beer. Dean, whose face was smooth and unconcerned, but the young man accepted the beer and asked immediately “That bad, huh?”
“What the FUCK?”
Castiel smiled back, a fleeting shy quirk of his lips that still managed to reach his eyes, before returning his attention to stirring cheese into milk and flour. He was quiet while Dean poked holes in his crust, stepped back smoothly as Dean pulled the oven open in front of him to pop his pie on the top rack. When Dean pulled a clean fork out of the silverware drawer to break up the macaroni that were already forming a solid mass, stabbing at them playfully as if the fork were a sword, Castiel asked his question.
"Good beer"
Castiel obeyed as soon as Dean released him, but Dean shook his head in horror and Castiel laughed and course corrected to the other bed that
By the time he took Dean’s index finger in his mouth and suckled it gently Dean’s entire body was alive with whispering nerve endings, all of his body hair on end, his cock half-hard with interest but no urgency, and Dean gasped as he felt the heat of Castiel’s mouth as if it were around his cock, even though Cas was innocently suckling only his finger. Dean’s eyes grew wide as Castiel smiled around his finger, swirling and undulating his tongue and smugly watching Dean’s cock twitch and jump as his nerve endings lied to his brain.
“You will still get to fuck my throat, Dean. You may also come right now, as a reward for pleasing me. Will you please do that for me?”
“Does this bother you? It’s okay, I watched the videos on the computer, I know how to get rid of this if you don’t like it -”
He listened to the conversation buzzing around him, interjected where he could, ordered another beer to drink with his friends, but his mind was lost savoring the triumphant smile Dean had flashed him after winning, the way Dean’s eyes had sparkled at his approval, that soft shy smile Dean had offered when he had asked “Better?”  He thought about the way his skin had tingled where Dean touched his wrist. He could still feel it now, as though Dean had left fingerprints on his skin.
Dean found himself at a loss to explain himself. “Cas said I could call him Daddy” did not exactly roll off the tongue as a viable sentence in any universe, no matter how funny it had been, nor did “Cas watched me play pool all night and I liked it.”  he rubbed the back of his neck as he pulled into traffic, searching, and Sam exclaimed, “Did you find a girl? Before nine pm on a Thursday? Jeez, Dean!”
Sam, sprawled on the couch with a textbook, finally looked up from his notes to back up his brother.  “That’s just how he is, Cas. Dean just... likes people. Dad used to get mad because Dean would want to help them out for free, until Dad figured out to send Dean in to soften them up and then take over in the middle.”
“Anna and Castiel. You think they ever dated?”
“CAS!” Dean was grinning but there was a real warning in his voice, as a couple revelers wandered past towards their cars chatting and laughing. Castiel looked appropriately chastened and sighed heavily.
“Capice?”
Castiel shook his head in frustration, his furious scowl not at all what Dean expected.
Castiel looked around at the curious faces of the people he spent every Monday evening with, most of them for the last twelve months now, and then back up at his counselor, and realized this might be something the counselor at the very least needed to know. A life change that he intended to make permanent, for as long as Dean would have him.
There were dozens of them, elegant, colorful things, with thick basal leaves or long grassy ones, long arching flower stems, their pots varied in color and size but all of them with various holes around the sides of the containers. Dean had never seen anything like it, and he stepped closer to the fence to examine a series of pots hanging from it in a rough zigzag, stems arching down over the sides with a riot of different pinks on each one. He leaned forward to sniff one and smelled nothing, just an earthy loam smell.
“Alright alright, I’ll be quick Cas. Are you in love with Dean Winchester?”
“You don’t have to credential your helpfulness Anna,” Castiel replied wryly, “I trust you. Just do whatever you’re going to do...”  the rest of the sentence “and get it over with” was implied, but Anna caught it and laughed.
“So… if you didn’t mean, uh, not getting to come,” Dean finally managed, “What were you hoping to get to, uh, do with me?”
“And I will never tire of you, Castiel.”
That was lovely, Dean, thank you.”
“Flop sweat. Can’t help it.” Dean shrugged. “I can control my face and how I hold my body Cas, but it seems when the stakes are high, I can’t control my pits.” He sighed heavily and Castiel nodded slowly, shrugged sympathetically.
Alejandro had been watching Castiel the whole time, and he caught his eye now, winked, and cried out loudly: “I think Cast-ee-yell should show us what he’s got, right guys? Only fair if he’s going to distract our star Gringo Muy Guapo!”
“RIGHT, let’s go check on her, c’mon, Cas!”
“You’re killing me, Cas.
“HE SAID YOU LOOK HOT!” Ash yelled at Anna, grinning broadly.
Castiel under control, Dean. I feared what he... what
Eventually Dean winced, his dick too sore to rub against fabric anymore, and Castiel climbed off him, gently stroked his cheek.
“Better.”  Dean grinned, and Castiel snorted at the role reversal.
“What for?” Castiel asked grumpily, heading towards his car as she followed.
“You know what? You’re awesome, Cas,” he declared. “But I am gonna pay you back for that. Dunno when, just... sometime when you least expect it.” He grinned at Castiel as he set the pot full of noodles back on the stove sans water, reaching to pour as much of Castiel’s roux as would fit into the stock pot full of noodles while Castiel stirred it in with a pair of takeout chopsticks; the longest implements they had been able to find in his kitchen.
Castiel leaned down then, to whisper into Dean’s ear for him alone.
to remain professional, but the gasp had already escaped and she gave up and took her hand away, grinning at Castiel as he raised an eyebrow at her.
“You smell good, Dean. I never noticed before I was human.”
Castiel ate slowly, savoring, and ended the evening leaning back in companionable marveling with Dean, the two of them watching Sam eat as a spectator sport. Sam’s capacity to refill his plate until the food was gone and he was mournfully nosing around the empty bags easily outstripped both Castiel and Dean three to one on volume alone, speed and landing not even considered in the scoring.
Dean sighed heavily, running a hand through damp hair as he stepped out of the bathroom and into the motel room at large.
Castiel shook his head no, his smile soft and his eyes far away.
Dean laughed out loud, pulled up his pants, scrambled to his feet.
“I don’t. That was just
,” Dean muttered, and Castiel’s face went soft, watching him through the clear shower curtain.
“What did you say your name was, boy?”
“The worst part is, Dean, I wasn’t even sure Ephraim was
just come twenty minutes ago - and Dean was startled when Castiel let go of his face, pulled all the way out, and crossed his hands behind his back, the arch of his pelvis making his cock look insanely huge at this angle.
Several flights down Castiel pushed through another door and they were in the dim gray concrete of the company parking garage. He waved Dean to the passenger side of a true abomination of a vintage Lincoln Continental, shrugging noncommittally at Dean’s raised eyebrows.
