Besides choosing to wait and hope someone would discover the hole he’d made in an off-bounds area, Sam only had one other option. Go forward.
He was not surprised that Dean had fallen back on the easiest coping methods he could get his hands on, considering what he had told him after they had left Ruby tied up in Victor’s hotel room, and left Lawrence behind. All because of a simple word, a command to ‘drop everything and run’. Castiel admired the tactical advantage of code words, though they wouldn’t have worked so well in the Forests. Shifters couldn’t talk through fangs.
Dean’s focus narrowed onto the back of Ruby’s head. He didn’t even look up to see Castiel’s reaction before he leaned forward again, hard. He knew how hard it was to breathe with someone pressing down like this. Ruby couldn’t talk at all if she didn’t have any air to do it with.
Bobby and Rufus kept Dean behind them as the stranger collapsed against the side of a cargo crate and slid down to sit on the floor.
Dean shook his head, fed up. “Man, we get it,” he snapped. “You’re one self-sacrificing son of a bitch. Let’s not tell anyone else about my problems and pretend like everything’s fine. How’s that working out for you so far?”
After some calculations on his comm, Joshua nodded. “It will be close, but…we’ll be able to make it if we ration.”
Whatever it was, it came on fast. Dean shivered again and felt his stomach roll. Okay, he wasn’t hungry anymore. In fact, the smell of food was making him nauseous now. Dean finished cooking and hastily put the food away in the fridge for later before his stomach twisted again and he felt his throat involuntarily tighten. Shit.
“I really hate mysteries on a ship, but we cannot just space him without very good cause. Joshua, will we be able to make it with another person on board?”
Once they had stabilized, Sam looked out the window again. The wall of debris and fire seemed to crawl towards them, misleadingly slow compared to its size. The shuttle had lost precious altitude in their freefall, and it loomed beside them, expanding ever outwards in its destruction.
And now, he had Dean to complicate it further. Did he have these feelings now because he had realized that Dean was his – or Jimmy’s – true mate? Last night had revealed many things, and he couldn’t have missed Dean being one of them. When Castiel had gotten close to tend to the cuts on Dean’s face, even under the metallic tang of blood and pungent sweat from the exertion of the past day, Dean had smelled like – actually, Castiel couldn’t quite describe it, other than the fact that it had been…arresting.
Sighing in frustration, Castiel turned over, trying to arrange himself into a more comfortable position. The hinges of his door creaked once and went silent. Castiel raised his head off his pillow and opened his eyes, squinting at the door.
Behind them, Castiel heard the roar of the Impala coming to life through the dampening rain. Someone shouted, only to be drowned out by the squeal of tires, heading in the opposite direction. Castiel looked back once to see three dark figures run out from behind the other side of the house they had just been in, running for the road, and Castiel crouched further down and ran faster, Dean behind him. They cut across the lawns as quick as they could, making their way through the deluge, clothing soaked through and heavy on their limbs.
. This drug erased everything except base instincts. No, that wasn't right, not erasing. Just forcing inhibitions down, and nothing else seemed more important anymore, not when it was almost physically painful not to give in. He just wanted-
When Sam had been soulless, Millie had been left behind in the Cage for a lifetime of pain before they managed to pull her back out. She’d never fully recovered from that. Her wounds had healed, but the psychological scars remained, and she refused to talk.
“Lafitte.” Benny replied, standing more upright than before, the welcoming smile dimming the tiniest bit.
Castiel shifted in place. “Did you know that almost all of the omegas in the Preserves are illiterate?”
This- the photo showing the aftermath of a fatal fight - must’ve been how he’d gotten those terrible scars, and explained the response to the movie. He must’ve been the only one to survive it. Dean could only imagine the psychological trauma of seeing his brother killed and having his family taken or killed as well. It didn’t seem like Castiel had had anyone else, besides his twin. Maybe - maybe Jimmy had actually convinced himself that he truly
Now that she’s gone, Castiel tugs furtively at the collar again and sighs, looking over the room with a disinterested eye. Every ambassador has their own raised platform on the outskirts of the main hall as a status symbol and as a formal meeting place open for all to see, so Castiel has a good view of the room from his chair, enough to watch the crowd without standing up.
“Yes, please come in, officer.” He could see the officer’s cruiser parked in their driveway, with another man sitting in the passenger seat. The man looked like he was about ready to take a nap, leaning back in his seat, but he waved when they both looked over. “Would your partner like to come inside as well?”
Dean found himself glaring at the carton of milk in his hand. It didn’t deserve it, but he clutched it a bit too tightly anyways and watched the edges crease under the pressure. The good mood he’d been riding high on all week from Jess’ pregnancy reveal had finally crashed hard and fast today, thanks to motherfucking
Dean put the photo aside and went through the three other pieces of paper. There wasn’t much. Jimmy had married Amelia at the tender age of eighteen, and moved into the more populated cities after their time in the forests, and became some sort of doctor, pretty high up in status from his alpha class. His beta twin, Castiel, had stayed in the forests for years as a sentry before he eventually moved to be with his brother. He’d immediately gotten into the omega Underground through his pack-mates and made use of his sentry living - making sure the path was clear to the border on the nights he worked to take the omegas safely across. He hadn’t managed to convince Jimmy to join and help the Underground until just months before its destruction.
meat puppet? Is there some poor schmuck somewhere in there too?” For emphasis, Dean jabbed a finger into Castiel’s chest.
Before Dean could ask him anymore probing questions, Sam started talking on his own. “I know what you’re gonna say, Dean, how we’re all trying to deal with Hephaestus and all that, but I just-“ Sam’s hands had balled into fists, anger curling hot in his gut. “Now that I know I wasn’t imagining it, when Castiel saved me –“
Dean needed to shut up and not antagonize an alpha that could make his life a living hell. But his traitor body had already turned around, still walking to his car, to respond. “Don’t worry, seems like bringing it up is already a problem.”
“Don’t offer if it makes you uncomfortable.” Castiel replied, turning away from Dean as he shrugged off his trenchcoat. “Besides, I’ve slept without a bed for years. I’m used to it.” While he said this, Castiel polled up his pants leg, and Dean saw the bullet wounds where the shot had passed through his calf – already scabbed and looking days, not hours, old. Dean’s eyes flickered up to Castiel’s arms, where the beginnings of the silvery scars could be seen from the edges of his shirt.
Sam was quiet for a second. “You think she’s the new supplier for the Red that’s been showing up?” he asked, voice strained.
Dean studied him for a long moment, eyes dropping to the blade still in Castiel’s hand. The expression on his face shuttered closed. “You killed him, didn’t you.”
Castiel didn’t even notice when Dean stopped in his tracks, just continued on and grabbed one of the pillows off the bed, and then- moved away from it?
Also, if you wanna bother me some or say hello or something, I made a tumblr since everyone is doing it! (Same name as here, so starmouse123)
Dean sputters in indignation. “I thought you meant two or three hours - not half a day! I didn’t realize you were packing so much heat at the time!” There’s a dead silence as Dean realizes what he just said, and Sam starts laughing so hard he has to clutch his sides. “You – you know what I mean! Sam, stop laughing, you prick!”
“At least we have Castiel.” Ellen said. “They might not attack us on sight with an unknown object right there.”
Castiel froze, but Daphne appeared behind the officer. “Wait! He’s helping!” She ran in front of the policeman before he had a chance to stop her, dropping to her knees in front of the girl. “Are you okay?” she asked the young omega, who only bit her lip hard and shrugged. Daphne wrapped her up in a hug, and the girl breathed shakily against her neck, the scent of another omega ideal in calming a heat, if only for a little bit.
Dean could feel Henrickson turning towards him. “Castiel isn’t a criminal. We’ve been trying to find him for almost three years, and you were the first small lead we’ve had in about as long.”
of physical cravings. Red does produce a few of them, does it not?” Alistair raised a knowing eyebrow.
Supplies were low, but they managed to buy some essentials with the credits Dean had on his comm. A few changes of clothes and the small travel-sized hygiene products were all they could remember to get, avoiding the pitying human interactions with self-checkouts, and then they were rushing back to the Impala, squeezing through the crowds to get back in time.
Castiel turned back from the window to face them. “I know I have not been entirely forthright in answering your questions. I did not think the outcome was worth it, but now I do.” He turned to Jo. “Was that coming from the direction of the planet?”
Castiel didn’t answer immediately. He looked away from the both of them, deep in thought, as his hands ran over his forearms, absentminded.
Dean considered telling Castiel to fuck off, but that would’ve taken too much energy. “Couldn’t sleep. Trying somewhere new.”
If he had to incriminate himself, so be it. “Only if you swear that Jimmy and his family come to no harm.”
“I think I’m gonna be sick,” Sam said faintly, and Dean turned to look at him. Sam had been staring out the window at the Gate too, face pale, but then he spun and raced out of the room.
“Yeah?” An image of Hephaestus, burning red on a grainy video, flitted through Dean’s head. “Where are they now?”
Cas had his own room, and permission to borrow Dean’s laptop whenever he felt like it (which was often), and more blankets than he knew what to do with.
With a sigh, Dean rolled over to lay on the bed beside Castiel, sprawling loose-limbed over the covers. He threw an arm over his face, and the corner of his lips curled up in something resembling a smile. “Right. M’ such a fuck up not even my scent mate wants me.”
There wouldn’t have been any noise on the other side, but for some reason the person turned around, and Dean saw Sam in the suit, smiling back at him.
Benny only nodded, eyes on the road in front of them as he drove. “On their way. You sure Castiel made it home?”
Dean had used this to his advantage when Gadreel took residence in Sam’s body. Millie couldn’t warn Sam about it, besides being visibly distressed whenever he was around and growling furiously at Dean. Although Raz had obeyed him and didn’t say anything to Sam until he already knew, Dean had gotten the silent treatment from her as well.
He found Bobby and Rufus reclining in two folding chairs in the alcove at the back, and the man he assumed to be Rufus hid a metal flask from sight when they saw him.
Whoops. So about that 'every weekend' thing... I might be an inconsistent motherfucker. Time to catch up!
“It’s fine.” Dean said after a pause. “Just don’t dent or scratch her, man. I get real protective of Baby here.” He ran his hand over the metal before putting his hands in his pockets. “Guess you wanted some peace and quiet, huh? The gang can get a little crazy sometimes.”
Ash shrugged. “We have a few options. Medication to put him way under at night, locked doors, putting a watch on nights. It’s all up to you guys and Sam, really.”
Uriel only smiled, and shocked blue eyes met glowing red one last time before Uriel slit his throat. Blood sprayed forward as his mirror made a horrible gurgling noise, and Castiel closed his eyes too late, warm red droplets spattering his face, getting in his eyes.
When Castiel didn’t respond immediately, Dean turned and eyed him. Castiel busied himself with destroying the grass that he could reach, ripping strands between his fingers. His hair had darkened to an almost black in the rain, plastered flat to his skull. He didn’t look up. Dean didn’t think he’d heard him.
“What? But I-” Castiel, shocked, looked back towards Jimmy. Jimmy shook his head slightly, eyes begging him not to say anything.
“Yes ma’am,” Benny replied, and pushed off from the wall backwards, twisting around midair and floating to the entrance with practiced ease. Dean watched him nervously before making his way out as well, one arm always in reach of a handhold.
,” Benny said over the comm, voice strained. Dean could hear Ellen yelling in the background before the line turned off.
The sky had just started lightening, turning everything grey and flat, when they arrived at Bobby’s old salvage yard. It had taken them a little under nine hours to get there, and Dean’s head felt fuzzy with exhaustion, a dull pressure starting to pound against the back of his eyes. It was a relief to see such a familiar sight.
Six hours after the call from Marjorie and he was pacing the hall. He’d called Dean’s work only to find that he hadn’t shown up in days, and now Sam was certain.
As Ash took off the cast, Jo poked her head into the examination room. “Hey guys. Ash, are you almost done? I’m supposed to assign them their own bunks.”
On the other side of the road, a white form slipped into view among the overgrown trees and vegetation. Dean felt Castiel raise his head, a shifting of weight beneath the hand on his shoulder, and after a moment Castiel stood up. The white form moved into a clearer part of the underbrush, its reflective eyes flashing as a car passed between them.
The door he’d forgotten to lock pushed open, and Castiel took one step in before he saw Dean and froze.
forgive Castiel for something he had no control over. It wasn’t too long ago that he’d been on Castiel’s end, lashing out at unsuspecting people waking him up from his own nightmares. This was just the first time Dean had been the recipient. And now he knew how not fun it was in either position.
been the one to contact Jess again, reestablish a tenuous connection between the two of them, after Sammy had had enough time to sort himself out. He'd known Sammy wouldn't do it; he'd been too paralyzed by guilt and the idea that she was better off without him around - safer as well, which he had been right about, actually, with Ruby back in town.
Jimmy lowered his voice, stepping close so that Amelia and Claire couldn’t hear. “When you told me they were sick, I – just had this horrible suspicion, and I went back, and-“ he glanced back at his family and back to Castiel “the other alphas - they’re planning something terrible. This is it.” Jimmy took Castiel’s hand and placed something small and cold into his open palm, curling his fingers around it so that the other two didn’t see.
Castiel closed his eyes and rolled his shoulders back, staying still for a second. Dean had the self-preservation to keep quiet.
Dean didn’t know how public they would make their search for himself and Castiel, but considering the SWAT team and the almost professional spy level of conspiracy bullshit going on, he could only assume the worst.
The agent put his one small briefcase down against his legs and the car door, and Dean couldn't resist asking the question that had been on his mind since his phone call. “If you flew out here so fast, why not just arrest Castiel so he can’t leave town?”
“Hey, Benny,” Dean started, voice pitched low and quiet so Raz and Cordeline couldn’t overhear. Benny’s daemon Cordeline was an American mink, almost the same size as Raz but twice as mean. He didn’t want the daemons to be able to hear this conversation.
The nurse turned and grabbed a cloth bag resting at the foot of the cot. “These were the only personal effects he had on him. Recognize this?” She held up an old transparent photo display, and when the screen flickered to life, Sam’s face smiled back at them.
Uriel eyed her, then turned to survey the courtyard. “We’re looking for something. The higher-ups didn’t give much to go on, but they’ve narrowed it down to this specific area.”
Dean did as he was told. He tended to do that when he had a gun pointed at him. “What the fuck do you think you’re doing, Gordon?” Dean asked, kicking his own gun away from him, watching it skitter over the uneven pavement. Krissy remained silent behind him.
“So,” Dean said abruptly, and Castiel turned his head towards him. “You’ve really not seen Star Wars before?”
Once they heard Benny approaching, Dean followed Castiel when he disappeared into the basement, tugging the tin quietly back in place and closing the door.
Castiel locked himself in the bathroom, intent on hiding until Dean fell asleep. He couldn’t face him again, not with Dean acting as he was, all lazy smiles and inviting scent. As Castiel closed the toilet seat lid and sat down, Dean shuffled around outside, the rustle of fabric and the clink of something metallic being dropped to the floor. Oh, but it was tempting.
“Jesus Christ I was freezing my balls out there!” the guy says, slurring a little, while Castiel’s brain is still trying to reboot. The naked man almost face-plants when his foot catches on the edge of the door mat, but he manages to catch himself in time with some flailing. Definitely intoxicated.
“I don’t know who else is after me.” Castiel replied. “I’ll need to go before anyone else gets here, if-“
“He had a real big come-to-Jesus moment towards the end, and went cold-turkey on the drugs and Ruby. She didn’t take too kindly to it. Went all Fatal Attraction on him when he went back to see Jess after he got through withdrawal.” When Castiel squinted at that, Dean rolled his eyes. “She set their apartment on fire. Got convicted after that and went to jail. And got out, apparently.”
With that awesome train of thought, Dean started to get to his feet. “C’mon, now that you’re awake, we need to go talk to Charlie. Pit stop at my place first, though.”
Uriel continued to circle the courtyard, turning over bones and debris in the thick ash, until he froze in place. He bent down, and grabbed something on the ground, pulling it up. It was a human skull. One of the many that littered the courtyard, but Uriel cradled it in his hands like it was something special.
Dean had a split second to decide what he wanted to do, but his mouth opened before he could think about it. “Nah, just hearing some overcompensation. Sorry about your dick.”
Uriel nodded to her and Anna turned and translocated her human body to the top of one of the only remaining intact structures that had survived the assault. When she turned to leave, something made her pause. A surprising hesitation.
“I’m good, I’m good.” Dean said, seeing the guilt-ridden look on Castiel’s face. He sat up and rubbed at his neck. Luckily, Castiel had realized what was happening in time, so Dean wouldn’t even have bruises, but still -
Shaking his head at the awkwardness, Dean made his way back to the kitchen to unload the groceries that had survived. It’s not like the man could help being weird, and Charlie would help smooth things out like she always did. After looking through the food he had now, Dean settled on a fast and obvious choice. He'd just whip up some pasta with meat sauce and garlic bread and call it good. It’s not like Charlie ever cooked anything beyond Ramen for herself anyways. She always loved it when Dean fed her.
“It’s not the same as another person,” Ori reassured her, “Castiel told me that angels don’t have daemons because they don’t have souls, so-”
“Hey, Cas, close that laptop, would you?” Dean gestured to the laptop with a jerk of his head. Without looking back at Cas, he turned back to Ruby. The snick of the laptop lid closing told him that Cas had done as ordered.
There are a couple of dark haired selkies talking to a witch nearby, all putting their heads close together in deep discussion, and a group of shapeshifters showing off to some begrudging familiars. Even a few demons have decided to play nice enough to get past the warding around the building and join the crowd. Based on the revealing clothing, the two horned individuals he sees by the food table are a succubus and incubus. The third person they have crowded between the two of them seems to be a man, and after a moment they are all jostled closer to Castiel’s side of the room, and he turns just enough for Castiel to recognize him.
There was a crazy moment where Dean couldn’t place himself, turning in place with only one hand anchoring him down, his harsh breathing the only noise filling his ears.
The hangar siren started blaring just as he grabbed his comm. Big blocky letters scrolled by on the small screen.
Dean had never been pistol-whipped before now. It hurt like a bitch. His vision blinked out, and he somehow ended up kneeling on the ground, held up only by the rough grip Gordon had on his collar, when it fuzzed back. He tasted blood in his mouth. “Now, now, Dean. Be a good omega. Don’t make this worse for yourself.”
Of course, Dean hadn’t been completely sure Jess would give Sammy another chance, but he'd needed some form of closure to the life he'd had in California. Jess had taken over, deciding she wasn't done with Sam, and Sam really couldn't say no and didn't want to. Months later, Jess had moved from California to Lawrence, and a few months after that, Dean had gladly helped Sammy move the few boxes of his belongings out to their new place.
“Too late.” Sam clapped a hand on the back of Dean’s shoulder and dragged him along with it. He’d never live down that picture.
It was a good thing it was so dark in here. Dean felt his face freeze up in shock. Katy was one of Amanda’s close friends; a prim and proper omega girl. She volunteered at the free clinic, helping the less fortunate, like an omega should. Dean hadn’t seen her there, but she must've seen him. How could she rat out another omega? He felt dread roil in his gut. Had Amanda only gotten him in here to scent-check him?
“That means he’s in there. But he-” Daphne answered, and Dean knocked loudly on the door before she finished.
Something grabbed at his shoulder, and Dean tried to break out of it, kicking off the wall. It didn’t do any good. It felt like he’d been stopped in place by a steel girder.
At first, all he could see was the distant white tail of the asteroid path that had passed through the cloud layer on the horizon, but then the horizon started to
Henrickson made a sound that Dean couldn’t interpret. "Does anyone else know where he’s from, besides you?”
“Sorry I didn’t answer your calls,” she replied against his shoulder. “Did I miss something important?” At that, Dean pushed her back slightly to look her in the eyes.
He found Cygnus without much trouble, even though the stars winked back much dimmer here than they ever had in the Forests. Even when he had been homeless in the cities, always looking over his shoulder, he had always had the stars on cloudless nights, connecting him to something changeless. This, of course, was the best time for the Swan. It hung prominently in the sky overhead, flying its way across Milky Way.
“That same day as the tip, a man named Alistair was found dead in his home. Murdered. He was eventually identified as one of the alphas in charge of the trafficking ring, and a suspect was never found for his murder. No one looked very hard, I should say. But, no matter. He met an appropriate fate. If I ever met his killer, I'd probably shake his hand.”
“Alright, jeez. Ruby. Caught her going through Henrickson’s stuff. I’ll bring them both by the station in a little bit. I want to make sure Ruby didn’t tamper with anything.” Dean started to pace around the small room, boots catching on the white linoleum. After a beat, he asked, “So, what’s the new agent like?”
“Oxygen and water recycling has been adjusted for the new crew additions,” Joshua’s gentle tone came through next, “but Rufus is correct in saying we didn’t get enough in the way of food supplies. We’ll do fine if we supplement with our plants and algae mass.”
“I need you to drive me from my place to the Allen’s house, right now. Break the speed li-“ Dean had to take the phone away from his ear to gag again, and he spit out acidic saliva into the sink before he put it back to his ear. “Break the friggin speed limit.”
“I had never seen her before she came into the diner tonight. But I knew her name. I met her younger brother around the time we first moved here.”
“No one’s too old to learn,” Castiel responded, not taking offense. He took a moment to rub the grit out of his eyes, and glanced up when he heard a quick intake of breath. Shawn was staring wide-eyed at Castiel's arms.
She bent down and pulled a large bottle from underneath the counter, pushing it across the bar along with their two beers. Dean's eyebrows rose in surprise. Yeah, that would
. It made Castiel feel out-of-control, impatient and restless, the need burning up all rational thought that could get in the way of satisfying it. Which he had been doing up until Dean had interrupted; he was still flushed from the exertion, and he couldn’t slow his heart from the thrumming pace it had plateaued to.
Castiel missed Shawn’s response when Jess touched his arm as well as Daphne’s, drawing their attention. “I’ll give you two the rundown. My husband Sam is this man right here,” Jess patted Sam’s arm, and he smiled at Castiel before shaking Daphne’s hand. “This is Charlie and Jo,” the two women smiled at them, the blonde haired Jo raising an eyebrow, “Jo’s mother Ellen is the woman behind the bar, and her husband Bobby is the one standing next to her. Sam’s brother Dean you’ve both met, he and his partner Benny are sitting on the far end.” Castiel blinked, trying to take all of it in.
That roused Ruby. She locked eyes with him over her shoulder. “It should’ve been you, Dean.” she said, not yelling anymore. “I would’ve told everyone if it had been you. Don’t think I didn’t figure it out as soon as I heard. I only kept quiet because of Sam.”
There’s a deep barking cough from somewhere in the woods, and all of the werewolves swivel their ears and listen before loping back into the darkness. One white-colored female looks back at the vampires and tilts her head for a long moment before bounding away.
“Her name’s Daphne. I’ll take you to her, if you want.” He inched closer and held out his hand. She looked between him and his outstretched hand, considering.
“Krissy didn’t, no. She only trusted Castiel with it because he’s met her brother before. And he isn’t a cop. No offense.”
“Castiel.” Their appraisal of one another was broken by Daphne’s voice, and the man – Castiel it seemed– turned to the two omegas. When Daphne beckoned him closer, Castiel approached them and crouched as Daphne and the other omega talked to him quietly, nodding in response. Dean narrowed his eyes. The hell were they talking about?
“Shifters. What you call tier ones. Collecting data on what makes the change work. The powers that come with the changing. Strength, speed, better immune systems – everything. Even the expression of the second genders between shifters and non-shifters. The Forests have the highest percentage of shifters in the world. What else would we be studying?”
Dean made his way down the red hallways as fast as he could make himself go, passing the mess hall again before turning the corner to the engineering block.
“There.” Castiel finally said, and tilted Dean's head back to admire his work. Dean looked up at Castiel for a second before his eyes darted away.
He found a folded piece of paper attached to the bottom, and he managed to pry it out with trembling fingers. When he unfolded it, he found red writing scrawled on the inside, only one sentence long.
He didn’t understand what he was seeing until it expanded, and the debris and fire of the explosion broke through the rising clouds.
“That friggin’ news report this morning. Totally forgot about it until just now. Goddammit. Sammy probably thinks I’m the one that died in my car.” The computer took a minute to start up, and it took even longer for him to get online.
“Loud and clear. No sexy biting without consent!” When Castiel bristles further, Balthazar tacks on, “I jest! I promise we’ll behave. Won’t we Meg?”
Immediately, Dean frees himself from the two demons and makes a beeline to Castiel with his plate of food. The succubus and incubus almost make a move to follow, but one quelling look from Castiel is enough for them to give up with ill-natured pouts. They’ll have to find someone less appealing to feed from.
He sat on the edge of the bed for a bit longer, still heavy with sleep. This particular guest bedroom had been his as a teenager, skipping out on John for a few long weekends to hide out under Bobby’s roof, and then again after Dean and Sam had come here for help after, well. He’d only been able to stay for a month after before they’d all agreed it was better not to have an omega around during Sam’s Red detox, especially with an upcoming rut.
“Take a picture, everyone.” Ellen said, only half-joking. “We’re probably only one of a handful of humans that have ever seen this and lived to tell the tale.”
What Dean had thought had been the blackness of space moved and twisted, light reflecting off a massive structure. It was incredibly complex, wheels gyroscoping around the center, and shifting shape like a living thing. Fractals bloomed across its surface, streaks of multicolored lights growing slowly and streaking through the surface like silvery fish, until the whole surface glowed a pearlescent, multicolored white.
“And you expect me to take your word?” Castiel’s hands flexed strangely at his sides as he said this, still pacing. Claws were one of the first things to evidence a change, Dean knew, and he glanced worriedly in Henrickson’s direction. Dean couldn’t remember if he’d seen any alpha red start to bleed into Castiel’s eyes either, from this distance. Were they even a match for a cornered T-1 if he was on the verge of going biblical on their asses?
Bristling, Dean opened his mouth to reply, but Castiel surged forward, standing up into his personal space, aggressive enough that Dean snapped his mouth shut and took a half step back. “I’ve risked my own life to save you and your brother, so listen when I tell you that
“Ah, ah, ah, can’t make a scene in public. Here, Meg, Hannah- please relieve me of my contraband before Castiel takes it away.” There’s the clink of what can only be metal flasks filled up with Balthazar’s favorite vampire intoxicant.
Frowning in confusion, Dean looked back, trying to see Raz in the deep shadows of the barn where the fight had happened. “What?”
“Nothing.” For such a polite guy, he sure was grumpy in the morning. Castiel huffed and took another sip of his coffee.
Anything she might have said was drowned out by a loud growl, and she twisted and ran back into the darkening streets before another moment passed. Castiel only had a second before the alpha on the other side of the diner overturned his table with a crash, eyes red, as he lunged out of his seat after her.
. His poor heart still wanted to jump out of his chest. “Remind me never to wake you up in the mornings again, though.” Castiel drew back further, looking down. “Hey, I’m fine. No harm, no foul.”
One by one Ellen singled out each crew member to be introduced. “The bean pole over there-“ she pointed to a lean man with long hair and cut-off sleeves, “is Ash. He’s our physician and computer guy.” Ash waved at them.
at Dean. Ever since they’d been approaching their goal of getting Castiel drunk, he’d been staring more and more. Specifically at Dean. But hell, at this point in the game, Dean couldn’t even bring himself to care. He loved attention. Just not from stories concerning soul-crushing embarrassment. “I think I need another one of this” he grabbed the nearest almost empty glass of – something – he wasn’t sure what it was at this point – “to make it through that story.”
“Man, it’s good to see a familiar face. Never seen so many non-humans together in one place before. Kinda overwhelming.”
Dean was just as hard as Castiel was, and absentmindedly stroked himself like he couldn’t help it. That more than anything stoked the fire under Castiel’s skin to unimaginable levels, the kind of feeling he only got during ruts.
The area in front of the stove-top was warm, so the first shiver took Dean by surprise. He frowned a little, but really didn’t think much of it until it happened again. He did feel a little worse for wear now that he thought about it. That disquiet and uneasiness one got right before getting sick. Aw, what the hell? Was he really getting sick? It didn’t happen often with his immune system, but that’s definitely what it felt like at the moment.
The comm crackled to life. “Everything’s lookin’ fine down here.” Benny replied. “AGF running good and light. Just tell me when we’re clear and up to speed enough to turn the AGF heavy. I’ll be ready.”
It takes a few minutes for the adrenaline brought on by anger to fade until he can think clearly again. Castiel is still just standing by his door, too upset to do anything else. It’s snowing again, fat white flakes drifting outside his window. Even in his own clothes, the room is cold, heat leeching out of the building from the sub-zero temperatures outside.
Dean finally looked over from the driver’s seat, eyes darting off the road for a moment. They were halfway back to his apartment, based on the street names sliding by. “What? Do I have something on my face?”
The courtyard the evac shuttles had landed in roiled with panicked people trying to make it into the fliers. A few evac personnel tried to keep the crowd in order, pushing them back so new shuttles could land and trying to prevent a stampede, but they were few and far in between. Sam and Jess had navigated ten blocks to get here, slowed down by all the other people doing the exact same thing once the reality of the situation had set in. There was no time to get back to their school evac station.
. This hotel room didn’t have anywhere secure to cuff Ruby to, not even the underside of the bathroom sink, which was regrettable, and they definitely couldn’t take her with them. That only left Dean with one other option.
Accompanying that was the dreaded picture itself - Castiel spooning the ever-loving shit out of him from behind. Charlie had even managed to capture Dean's open mouth, drooling all over the pillow smashed under his face.
Just the thought of the brief view of pale freckled skin and lean muscle made his face flush even further.
Sometimes, Dean didn’t realize how much his morning routine made him feel human again until it was missing. He’d been spoiled these last few years, not having to live out of gross motel rooms and use the small complementary soaps and shampoo bottles that came with them. His years here in Lawrence had been the longest he’d ever stayed in one place, since…well, Lawrence,
about it, so he really needed to go back to his apartment to get more scent-blocking deodorant and his suppressants.
Sam typed in his information and leaned forward for a face scan, frowning when the pending screen froze in place.
. Ignoring Castiel for the moment, Dean headed for the door, patting Charlie’s shoulder on his way out. Before food though, he needed to do something else first. Charlie’s apartment didn’t have any suppressants or scent-blocker, but he could take a quick shower while they waited for her to work her magic. He was uncomfortably self-conscious about smelling like anything at the moment.
They were true mates, after all. Not like he was going anywhere else. He didn’t have anything holding him back.
Ellen pinched the bridge of her nose. “Alright, you heard the man. We can question him all we like, but if he doesn’t pose a physical threat and we have the ability to make it to our next point, we have to let the authorities deal with him.”
“Hm.” Dean said. The sound of a slow, steady drip of water echoed from nearby in the silence. “You don’t have families like we do then.”
“Thank you, Hannah,” Castiel says, and she nods and goes back to her spot by Inias. “I - You did ask me something when you were compelled.”
“Yeah, once we heard John had fallen into a coma, we thought we might finally be able to meet you two, reunite the family. We met Dean a month ago, I believe.”
“You ever been through a Gate?” Jo asked Dean, swiveling in her chair to face him. It took a minute for Dean to pull his attention away from the massive structure filling his vision.
Not that they’d have any more luck, but Dean gave Benny a small smile anyways. “Thanks, Benny. Keep me updated, yeah?”
A few seconds later, Ellen’s voice came over their comms, still thick with sleep. “Rufus? What’s going on?”
He halted in his tracks when he saw the door of Sam’s room, metal twisted outward like an explosion had blown it open from the inside.
He didn’t sound accusing, but Dean could only shrug miserably in reply. His throat felt too tight with nerves to talk. This was why he’d never taken the higher pay to work on in-space ships. After his Mom’s spacer accident, he’d been terrified of open space, and Dean had been never been able to shake it.
Cas looked bashful at that, his lips quirking up into a smile as he glanced to the floor and back up again. “Ah. Thank you for the offer to eat with your family, but I’m afraid I’ve already eaten.”
they were good at silent conversations. Daphne put out a hand and Shawn took it, glancing back at Castiel for reassurance before she led him up the stairs.
Some time after, just as Charlie left Castiel alone for a second, someone came up behind him. “Have to say, thought you’d be taller,” a low voice said, a southern drawl coloring the words. Curious, Castiel turned around to find himself face to face with Dean’s partner Benny. The other man stood in front of him, both hands in his jacket, but he took one out of his pocket to shake hands, a half-smile on his face.
Sam followed Dean as he made his way out of the med bay, cracked photo display still in hand. He didn't have the energy or time to deal with this weird shit. They only had an hour left until the Impala was scheduled to take off, and after that Dean didn’t have to worry about the injured stranger and his pictures of Sam. It was better to leave this mystery behind.
Castiel stared at him for a long second before looking down at the display. It flickered to life, showing the old pictures of Dean and Sam as kids. Dean watched Castiel as he noticed the crack in the screen and dragged a thumb across its surface. His expression was inscrutable.
“I only mean – look, we found out last week that Dean’s an omega, and that’s when we decided to pay the bills, since he was struggling with them, and he got very upset. I’m currently in Des Moines for business with two of my nephews, have been for the last couple months, which is how we found you two in the first place. Can we meet tonight to talk, in person?”
But she was in a coma, right? Maybe she would never wake up, and Sam could just leave this room and never look back. But could he be satisfied with knowing that he had met his scent-mate, and just settled for-
A nurse a few beds down saw them stop and made her way over to them. “Excuse me, can I help you two?” When she saw who they had stopped in front of, her eyes sharpened. “Do you know this man?”
Ellen sat in her command chair, facing away from the rest of them, preparing for the EVA. Benny and Jo must’ve already put on their helmets, because Benny was already talking over the radio Ellen had keyed up to the speaker in the cockpit. “-good? Is it on tight enough?”
Castiel cocked his head to the side this time, considering. “It was confusing, but it had very interesting concepts and ideas. Charlie was very adamant about showing me this movie after I told her I’d never even heard about it.”
Dean turned and looked back towards the entrance of the alleyway just as their follower gave up on secrecy and walked towards them, holding what Dean knew for a fact was a very lethal gun in the direction of their chests.
Personal space, right, that was a thing. Dean pulled back a little. “Sorry, shoulda asked first.” But then he inched forward again. “But can I see?”
Ten minutes after the class should have been started, a short man sauntered into the room, bag slung over one shoulder. Castiel looked up only when the man dropped his bag on the desk and turned to face the class, the smile on his sharp face mischievous. “Welcome to college, freshies!” he called, leaning an elbow against the podium.
It chafed when he was completely ignored for hours and hours at a time as they went about their daily business separately, until Dean deigned to track him down again.
Straightening up, the woman - Daphne, Dean decided - drew back a little from the other omega to glare at Dean. “We’re taking her home with us. It’s a licensed safe-house if you need more convincing.” Her tone brooked no argument, but if it really was a safe-house, Dean would have no trouble with-
“So, I guess I should be thanking you for saving me.” Her voice, closer than he had anticipated, startled Castiel for a second. When he looked up to the side, Krissy stood right out of arm’s reach, leaning against the kitchen counter, her own arms crossed in front of her. He turned back to the dishes.
“What?” he asked, still not paying much attention. Dean tried to follow the motion, but when she pulled back too far he did the same and opened his eyes to look at her.
“We should work on pinning her with possession charges instead of waitn’ on her to make a move on Jess,” Benny supplied, and Bobby nodded.
“You make it too easy, dude.” Charlie replied through the door. After a moment she opened it a crack to find him in his pathetic pose. She took pity on him. “Get off the floor, you heathen. I’ll make breakfast and coffee.”
“Always so charming, Winchester. Glad to see that Alistair didn’t take that from you.” At that, Dean snapped his mouth shut and the man turned his attention to Castiel. For a long moment, he appraised Castiel. “And you don’t recognize me, do you?”
Castiel barely had time to grab the corner of a sheet to cover himself before the door to his room swung open, revealing Dean and Daphne, silhouetted by the light in the hall. He couldn’t see their faces, and they wouldn’t be able to see him very well either, but the smell within the room would give him away instantly.
Dean couldn’t believe he was gonna say this. Last time had been bad enough. Rubbing the back of his neck, Dean shifted on his feet. “I mean, the bed’s big enough, so…”
“And as for you, Dean,” Henrickson continued, when Dean’s mouth opened as well, “My boss and I know you are very capable at
Dean laughed, the muscles in his shoulders and neck unwinding. He hadn't realized how tense he'd been. “It’s a figure of speech, Cas.”
Dean noticed, of course. He nudged Castiel’s legs apart more so he could stand between them. “You wanna help with my belt?”
“Wait, don’t say anything here!” Charlie yelped, throwing up her hands. “Unsecured public access, remember? Jesus. I’ll give you some directions to follow, help you along the way to meet up.”
There was something else Dean had to know. “But you weren’t here for Castiel at the beginning, were you?” At that, Ruby went silent.
Dean looked down at Castiel’s human body, still unmoving, and then back up to the structure hanging in front of their ship.
didn’t, no. I didn’t even know what this was until almost a year after I escaped the Forests. I wasn’t allowed to know.” Charlie finally took the flash drive from his outstretched hand.
All the rest of the crew were there, already changed out of their sleep clothes. They looked up when Dean walked in, expectant, but lost interest when they didn’t see Ellen. Jo stifled a yawn and waved Dean and Sam in.
When Dean didn’t answer immediately, Castiel turned his head to see him standing back a ways, looking guilty. “Since the night at the Roadhouse,” he finally admitted.
.” The last word sounded like an insult. “So much so I cannot even recognize-“ he stopped when the ship shuddered slightly under their feet.
The man, a beta by the smell, stepped in front of them. An apologetic look slid onto his features. “I’m afraid I’m going to have to search you both for weapons. We can’t allow any in this meeting.”
As soon as he was done, Dean wandered back to the room to find Castiel shifting and twitching in his sleep, face pinched. A bad dream, no doubt. Deciding against nudging him awake with a foot, Dean kneeled down and placed a hand on his shoulder, shaking gently.
“’Ey now, don’t bring my babies inta this. You’re just jealous ‘cause I get the pussy.” Benny waggled his eyebrows.
“Sorry, Cal,” Sam muttered to himself. With the helpfully provided map to guide him, Sam would have no problems finding the rest of the stations ship hangars, but he'd need to search them all to find Dean. Sam knew that’s where he’d be. He didn’t remember ever being on Charis Station, but they had both been born here, and Dean remembered travelling to Charis when their mom was still alive and piloting the Impala.
“Now there’s an idea,” Dean said, pulling out his phone. He had another text message from that same mystery number, sent right after their time with Ruby.
Dean gestured for Castiel to follow, then led the way into Bobby’s old house, the wire screen door squealing in protest. Bone tired, Dean could only struggle out of his boots and jacket and watch as Castiel made his way further into the house and disappeared around the corner. Within a minute or two, Dean heard the harsh sound of static and then multiple voices talking. Cas had found the old T.V.
Dean still looked confused. “You want to try and find him? We only have a few hours before we have to leave. Are you sure?”
“Of course. Thank you.” Hannah stays still and unrepentant behind him. It does not escape his notice that Jim has kept quiet about the fact the two brothers are natural born werewolves, so Castiel does not mention it. The back door opens, bringing in the sound of a few voices laughing as someone walks into the house. Glasses clink together.
Castiel fiddled with the ends of his trenchcoat as they sat in silence. “Thank you.” he said, quiet.
Castiel had been hoping their paths would cross again, but for it to happen so soon is something of a miracle. He tries to tamp down the warmth in his chest, but it’s almost impossible with the unfolding scene. Castiel watches with growing amusement as Dean tries to ignore the two demons clinging to him in favor of the dessert bar, desperately focused on the slices of pie before him.
Castiel turned his head as a disheveled girl paused at the doorway, not becoming concerned until he saw her scan the entire diner, eyes widening when she saw the other alpha, but before anyone had reacted to her sudden appearance, a breeze blew past her into the diner.
This was the black hole he thought he’d be able to circle and still come out intact. He’d been naïve to think he wouldn’t be sucked into it immediately.
Now that he knew where Castiel stood, Dean found himself a lot more certain Castiel wasn’t a threat. Not to them, at least. Castiel could’ve ripped a hole in the ship long ago, and he hadn’t. The first time Dean had seen him, Castiel had been catatonic, and then weaker than a kitten when he’d finally woken up. And for what? To save Sam? To warn them of his own kind?
“I hear you.” Castiel finally said, but he walked over to the window anyways, rested his hands on the frame, still uncertain. The siren cut off into silence, and Castiel’s hands tightened on the window frame. His breath fogged the window as he heard Daphne run down the stairs. The heavier, slower thumps of Dean’s feet followed her after a long second.
Castiel had thought the ride back on his bike would clear his head. Instead, the itch under his skin got worse, a restlessness that didn't bode well for sleep, even though he was tired. His gut still burned warm from the alcohol he had consumed, but by the time he had reached the house, the warmth had spread through the rest of him. It wasn't just the alcohol. This was the start of something else. He was starting his alpha rut more than a month early. He tried to think of what would make that happen, but nothing in the last few days would explain it, besides the stressful evening he had just experienced.
actively listening to the three. They were the only ones in Daphne’s diner besides one other college kid off in the other corner, since it was the middle of the afternoon.
For a moment, Sam paused to take a deep breath, and then he walked forward until the cell’s occupant came into view.
Castiel turned and caught him looking. “Why are you smiling?” he asked, the corners of his own lips turning up in response.
The sound of shifting papers avalanching to the floor roused Dean from the chair, and he peeked into the library to see Castiel muttering under his breath as he tried to pick them up again.
Back in the Preserves, such a small thing had never made him feel this way. Nudity had been commonplace – nothing to be ashamed of or hidden away like it was here. The bodies of his brothers and sisters had never affected him – they were just that – bodies. There had been small flashes of interest at times; a particularly beautiful face or pleasing scent, but it had never been anything like what his brother or pack mates had described when they had found someone to couple with.
Now that the meeting between the high ambassadors is over, the room has been repurposed as a neutral mingling ground for all the species and nonhumans that live and operate in the Northwest. It’s a place for differences to be resolved without shedding blood, and a chance to make new interspecies connections. As a Speaker for the regional vampire covens, Castiel cannot leave until the gathering has officially ended without causing offense, but he’d much rather be at home right now, alone and unbothered. In much more comfortable clothes than his tight black suit.
It only takes a few long moments for everyone around the fire to turn and face the new arrivals, conversations trailing off into expectant silence. Castiel scans the faces lit up in the light of the bonfire. Dean and Sam are absent.
There’s a large ranch style house in the middle of this clearing, with cars parked haphazardly in the grass in front of the entrance. Castiel can already hear the din of conversation, tinny music from a speaker, and the sound of a child shrieking with laughter somewhere in the woods behind the house. Technically, the full moon won’t rise until early the next morning, but that’s when the people with the least amount of control will be slowed by getting out their energy now.
Castiel sat down on the edge of the hood without hesitation. Dean didn’t start a conversation so Castiel craned his neck up to watch the sky as the sun disappeared.
It took longer than he expected to make their way through the woods, mostly because Castiel had to wait for him to keep up. After a while, they cut right and finally ended up at the edge of another neighborhood, dark except for a few shining rooms in the houses and scattered street lights filtering through the trees that lined the road. Trailing branches rolled cold water down the back of Dean's neck as he stopped behind Cas, who had paused to survey the open area. Once he'd done so, they made their way through the backyard of the closest house, following the ghostly form of the wolf as it led them forward. Children’s toys lay strewn haphazardly in the dewy grass, raindrops beading on the hard plastic.
“Finally found me, huh?” Dean Winchester said, and coughed again. He was sitting on the ground, propped up against the main shell of Sahaqiel, one leg bent at an unnatural angle. It was clear he could not move far. As Castiel approached, Dean looked up. “Did you – oh.”
The week passed slowly, and Castiel continued to be pulled into helping at the diner more often than not. He expected it, though Daphne wouldn't let him get a full-time job anywhere, since he'd soon be too busy with college classes to help at all. Occasionally, an alpha would come into the diner and bother the omegas, most often Daphne herself. Usually a college student or drifter, these troublemakers would hover until a sharp word from Daphne or another customer would drive them out, but there was one alpha that watched her, not saying anything, and he set Castiel on edge every time.
“Yeah. He was already dating Jess, but once he met Ruby they broke up. Anyways, she was bad news from the beginning. Got Sammy into drugs, Red specifically. Her family had a lot of connections to drug rings and trafficking and shit, but Sammy wasn’t – well, let’s just say it was a bad time for everyone.”
When the next several seconds passed without another shot, Dean looked up, towards the door. He couldn’t stay here, but he also couldn’t leave Henrickson to die. Damn, he wished Benny were here right now, but maybe-
After several more minutes of walking, Sam came upon an entrance to what seemed to be another long hallway, on the wall on the inner side of the slight curve. Instead of the interminable curved hallway, this one was straight, like the spoke of a wheel. If that was true, it connected this outer hall with the hub of whatever this place was.
“Of course I do,” the woman said, and looked at Sam. “Hi there, Sam, I’m Ellen Harvelle. Friend of your mom’s from a long time ago?”
If Castiel thought he’d been scent-drunk before, he’d been mistaken. What had once only been old, faded scents had been drenched in Dean’s heat scent and the smell of sex. Castiel was so distracted he almost didn’t notice Dean shutting the door behind them.
Everyone froze. The smell of an omega in heat assaulted Castiel’s nose, the reaction instinctual and instantaneous.
Hannah deflates just the tiniest bit, enough for Castiel to add, “You have my permission to get some yourself, Hannah. No need to suffer me all night.”
No. They couldn’t - why were they coming here? Was it the police? Had Dean called someone? Castiel bolted to his dresser on shaky legs and dropped down to feel the underneath. When his fingers encountered the familiar shape, he grabbed and pulled, breaking the tape from the wooden underside and revealing a small leather pouch, which he strung around his neck. The sirens were very close, noticeable to even a T-3, and Daphne paused in the middle of speaking as Castiel hurriedly pulled on some pants.
Dean gave him a few more short seconds, meeting his eyes in a question, but when Castiel didn’t protest, he leaned forward again.
“Hael, Ephraim, you’d kill a member of your own pack? For what?” Castiel asked, and Ephraim looked away, though Hael pressed her dagger deeper into Castiel’s neck.
They watch as Sam stops for a minute to sign something at a short brunette woman, and she nods once before he bends down to kiss her on the cheek. He disappears into the dark woods, followed closely by Dean, and the woman raises the beer bottle in her hand in acknowledgement when she notices Castiel watching them. He nods back.
“That’s the least of our problems.” AJ interrupted, and pointed to the side of the house they could see through the little glass window on the door, warped by the rain. “See the hedge there? Get behind it and follow this row of houses until you hit the golf course. If no one finds you guys, wait on the other side, and if I don’t show up in a red car by the time it gets dark, you’re on your fucking own. Ready?”
Henrickson sighed at Dean’s response. “I just want you to realize how important it is that I talk to Jimmy tomorrow. I need him to cooperate, and give me the information I need. The last thing I want to do is let him disappear for good. Castiel and Jimmy didn’t actually know the Underground was being used to bring people in, but we have strong suspicions that Jimmy stumbled across something big right before this.” He gestured to the aerial photo. “Hopefully I’ll find out what happened when I meet him.”
Arms crossed, Dean only grunted in response. His cellphone buzzed in his pocket and he took it out to find a text from Benny.
Jesus, he didn’t want to be awake right now. He kept his eyes closed and tried to wiggle into a new more comfortable position in his bed, hoping to delay the inevitable. Something stopped him from moving. Wha-?
He felt Raz climb into his lap and curl up, but she kept quiet. Two hunts ago, a vampire had gotten her hands on Raz, and Dean had gone down like a sack of potatoes, too stunned to do anything. It was the first time anyone besides a family member had ever laid a hand on Raz, and it had felt like a violation. The vampire had laughed at Dean, the idea of a hunter with a lap cat as a daemon, up until John had decapitated her from behind.
“You too.” Dean hung up the phone as Benny’s pickup truck pulled up to a stop in front of him. He jumped in and Benny was pulling away before Dean had shut the passenger side door.
Considering the shining knife Alistair had hidden on him, Sam didn’t think he’d be able to back out. No wonder this revelation happened in a controlled environment, with their most able and trusted enforcer to carry it out.
That had Ruby letting out another surprised laugh. “Really? I don’t believe you can prove anything, Dean, and you can’t hold me for long without charges.”
It took another ten minutes to get permission to move the Impala into the air-lock, jockeying for a position, and waiting as the large hall was depressurized and the ships were allowed to take off one by one.
Castiel could feel Dean turn to stare at him, but said nothing. Mortimer took a moment to drink some tea.
“It is when you’re the only lead we have, and you’ve consistently proven yourself to be a flight risk.” Henrickson told him. “We almost had you at that first hospital three days after the Underground collapsed, but you had already disappeared out of your room. We can’t let that happen again.”
Two distinct footsteps passed by him, walking slowly back up the stairs. One hesitated on the stairs for a brief second, and Dean’s heart seemed to stop in response, and he held his breath, but then they were moving on down the upper hallway, and the moment passed. Dean sighed in relief. He waited until he heard the faint slam of a door before he crept out again, heading in the direction they had come from.
“Just drank something spiked with Red. M’not feeling so hot right now.” He didn’t know if this was going to get worse, and didn’t want to be driving when he found out.
Taking his cue, Henrickson leaned forward, lacing his fingers together and resting his elbows on the table in front of him. “After the Civil War, and the formation of the Preserves, communication – any knowledge between the two Hierarchies, really – dissipated completely, despite our continuing acceptance of alpha representatives in our government from the other side. It never really went the other way, and our government has recently started to regret that. We share borders, and a lot of other things, but we know nothing about them. The only things that could ever get in were goods and the occasional convert, but we found ways to improvise. The Underground that had been used to get omegas and T-3’s out of the Preserves suddenly became a priority. If we tried hard enough, we could get people
When the motel door opened a bit after midnight, Castiel wasn’t expecting Dean to come stumbling in.
Castiel made his way around the Impala and got into the passenger seat. Dean followed him. “Oh, no, not so fast. You have your phone on you?”
“Dean,” John called over, gesturing to the bag of supplies he had dropped in the scuffle, “Can you get Raz to carry that back to the car? I need your help with the body.” They’d tracked this werewolf to an abandoned barn outside of town, and once they’d made sure it was a lone werewolf, killing on its own, John had brought Dean along. The tinny aftershocks of the gunshot still rolled through his head in the relative silence, making him shake with nervous energy, but he had to man up and get over it. He was fourteen – it was time for him to start getting more experience in the field.
talking to me, Ruby.” Dean growled, head bent down next to hers. “I know you’re the one behind all this shit. I expected you to go after Sam and his wife, and even bring your sick drug dealer habit with you, but giving Gordon the order to
“He’s disappeared. The hospital called me, said Dean hadn’t shown up in a while, and he hasn’t shown up to work in days either. I went to his house yesterday to find it empty. Something happened to him.”
Before Castiel can say anything else, a distant voice from the crowd has Dean trying to duck down behind him. “-Dean?”
He grumbled a little, eying Castiel’s retreating back, but she was right. The alpha had managed to prop himself into a sitting position, clutching his shoulder, but Dean only gave him a cursory glance. He led them to the cruiser after he saw the silhouette of Benny on the opposite side of the alley, thankful no one else was around to cause any more problems.
Dean’s face goes through a series of delightful expressions, finally setting on deliberately neutral, but it's totally negated by the slow blush climbing up his face. “Great! Cool. Yes, I have to-“ Dean almost trips down the dais as he starts to retreat, paper in hand, and Castiel can only watch in fascination. Dean turns to leave, hesitates, half turns back. “I’ll- I'll see you later,” he says, and Castiel beams and raises a hand in farewell.
He looked up as Charlie opened the door, looking surprised to see him. Not a good sign. “Castiel! Uh, you didn’t get my text, did you?”
Castiel takes a step back, gesturing to the seats on the low dais that are reserved for him and any guests he has with him. The running joke about him and empty chairs is usually rather apt, but he’s glad to break the mold this time. “Would you like to sit down and keep me company? I can’t leave until the day has ended.”
Amanda drew back. “Yes, I do think that. I feel sorry for you, you know.” She said, like this was a nice thing she was doing, “It must be hard pretending to be this macho beta when you’re just an omega.” It hit Dean like a knife to the stomach, twisting hot and painful. Shameful.
Sam shook his head, “No, I don’t think Jess-“ Sam changed gears, “there was a man on the evac shuttle that they took to the med bay.”
“What the hell happened with Gordon, then?” Dean interrupted. “If you say he wasn’t following your orders, then...”
Ignoring him, Jess walked over to Cas, who looked up when she stood next to his table, revealing the profile of his face.
“Dean!” John ordered, impatient this time, and Dean went over to help him move the body without another delay.
Dean ducked to the side, trying to let his eyes adjust, and he heard voices to his right, becoming fainter and more distant. He followed them down that hallway, making sure not to trip over or run into anything, and he eventually came to a set of stairs leading down into a basement. He couldn’t hear them anymore, but basements and kidnapping sorta went hand-in-hand, so he quickly descended the stairs. To his left, he heard footsteps approaching his way, and he darted to the right, into a darkened closet filled with broken, dusty equipment. He almost tripped over the vacuum but managed to stop himself just in time, hiding in the shadows.
When Dean saw it, he struggled even harder, but he stood no chance against the strength of a shifter.
Dean has his mouth full, so he nods and makes noise in the affirmative instead. When he’s able to speak again, he adds, “My brother's been living in California for a while, but Jim offered us both a spot in his pack, and I think we’re gonna take it. Move here together.” Castiel lets the spark of hope in his chest flare a little brighter at that. He'll be close, even though Jim's pack doesn't live in the city. Maybe even thinking of staying long term?
-He put up his arms just in time, jaws biting deep into his forearm as the force knocked him to the ground, Uriel tearing through flesh –
“Jeez, okay. Sorry.” Sam looked between Benny and Dean and his eyes bugged out a little. “Wait, you said he took all that Red – was he-?”
Sam had turned to watch the stranger again, and saw his fingers twitch slightly, something he would’ve missed if he hadn’t been staring. “He’s moving.”
After that, he could only lie there and try to think why the hell Castiel had left the diner - and why someone would have the bright idea to snipe an FBI agent in broad daylight. Dean could only assume that the two were related. This had everything to do with Castiel's past - whatever the hell that man hadn't told Henrickson, someone had come to make sure Castiel couldn't tell anyone about it. And distracting the shooter had been a suicidal idea. Castiel had purposefully lead the sniper away from the diner, for some godawful reason.
“-emergency personnel that volunteered to brave the meteor field report that it was too dangerous to brave a landing. They predict there will be no survivors on the surface.
Castiel nodded and brushed past him, and when Dean entered the bathroom, the humidity was so thick it was like walking into a sauna. He refused to think about the smell.
“I’m not fully healed enough for a true explanation, but maybe a demonstration will do.” With that, Castiel looked down at the regulator comm circling his wrist. It was thicker than most, designed to electrically shock the wearer into submission if there was misbehavior. Castiel grabbed it with his other hand and ripped it off his wrist like it was made of tissue paper instead of metal.
Charlie gave him a one shoulder shrug. “Something came up with the girlfriend, so I had to cancel the movie night. Sorry.”
It wasn’t usually a problem. Most of all the Tier 1’s on the continent lived and died in the Forest Preserves, with only rare anomalies being born outside their borders. Many believed it was natural selection, since only T-1s could transform completely into a wolf form, which gave them an edge in the wilderness, with T-2s following closely behind. The Old Hierarchy looked down on T-3s, who had no enhanced abilities at all, and many of them did not survive the brutal rites of passage. Most of the modern society was made of T-3s, but they made up only a thin sliver of the population in the Preserves.
The second time it had happened, Dean was seventeen, almost eighteen. Still in high school at that point – a month into senior year, at a new school called Truman High. He’d drop out before the end of the semester, at a different school, a different town, and John wouldn’t care much at all.
Wet leaves plastered themselves to his front, and Castiel grimaced at the slickness as his hands slipped for purchase. When he turned to look at the obstacle, he stilled in place. A face stared back at him, unblinking, cheek pressed into the leaves. Castiel made a strangled noise in his throat and crawled away as fast as he could, stumbling upright when he found dry ground. His heart beat a tattoo in his ears, thundering too loud to hear anything else. Shakily, he dried his hands on his clothes, and knew he was staining it red.
“No,” Marjorie said, drawing it out strangely, “well, um, we actually wanted to move John to a long-term care facility since he’s stabilized, but we haven’t been able to contact Dean in a few days. He usually comes by at least every other day, but…” she trailed off, uncertain, before asking, “have you talked to him recently?”
A cold line of sweat slid down the side of his temple as he listened to the house. No one else stirred. Castiel put a trembling hand up to his neck, feeling the raised line of scar tissue for a brief moment before dropping his arm down again. Letting out a shaky exhale, Castiel disentangled himself from his sheets, swinging his legs off of the bed. He glanced at his clock, and the red numbers glared back at him. Four in the morning. He wouldn't be able to fall back asleep before it was time to get up. Castiel flexed his toes in the carpet and stood up, making his way slowly to the bathroom. He really needed coffee.
Claire started to cry silently, breath stuttering with the effort of keeping it a quiet as she could.
Dean let out a string of curses in his head. She had barricaded herself behind a locked door, giving her the time she needed to completely ruin him and weather the repercussions, but he could probably break down the door if he tried hard enough. He was seriously considering it until his butt vibrated.
“…Nah, Sammy’s the only one.” Dean answered, shrugging. “Basically raised the little fucker myself, though.”
It didn’t take Dean that long to get to his room, despite stopping by the mess hall for a bite to eat, but it did take him another hour to drift into a fitful nap, disturbed by quasi nightmares he couldn’t quite remember. His body hadn’t adjusted to sleeping weightlessly at all.
Sam stood up, mindful of his arm. It had progressed from sharp sudden pain to a deep throbbing hurt. He was pretty sure it was broken.
“Certain events have forced my hand. You were the only one I could think of with the necessary skills. Please, will you help me?” he asked, looking up at her.
A shit-ton of explaining later, Charlie was back in the game. They had migrated into her bedroom, back to her computer lair.
“Pleasure to meet you both,” Balthazar greets, shaking their hands. “So glad you got Cassie over here out of the house.”
Castiel shuffled a foot. “Yes, a professor mentioned a site to do the online assignments. I don’t know how to find or access it. The first assignment is, uh, due tomorrow.”
“Cas,” Dean interrupted, “shut up.” He pushed off the doorframe with his shoulder and started forward.
Dean hadn’t forgotten about Charlie, either, so when he made it back to his apartment building, he headed straight to her place. She’d definitely be interested in his news, and he had to find out if she really had broken up with Gilda. Long distance relationships were hard work, especially for people who weren't scent mates. And by the look on Charlie’s face when she opened the door, it had been too much work.
“The energy we can capture from this thing when it’s heavy is slightly disproportionate to the electricity we use to generate it. It’s what powers the whole ship when we’re in flight, and where we get the energy to get up to speed when we go light. No one still really understands why, and Pam’s usually the one that troubleshoots anything that goes wrong with this, so,” Benny shrugged. “Usually it’s too bright to look at, but the safety glass prevents all radiation and blocks most of the light it lets off,” he told them. “Pretty, ain’t it?”
“Noted. We can keep you two on a different shift, maybe have Sam help Pamela with navigation in the cockpit. Sound good?”
After another minute, Dr. Sexy did another incredibly dumb thing. Castiel sighed in irritation. Dean grinned and glanced over to see Castiel staring at the laptop screen with the same rapt attention he gave to everything, but he looked so relaxed and happy.
Castiel tugged his arm out of the professor’s tight grip. “Professor, I don’t know what you’re talking about. My name’s not Jimmy.”
“Cas.” Castiel fell silent as Dean pulled over and stopped the car on the side of the road. He set his eyes determinately on the glove compartment in front of him, but out of his peripheral vision he saw Dean turning his whole body to face his side of the car.
Castiel nods, and Sam looks like he wants desperately to ask him how old he really is, but Dean interrupts him before he can. "I want to make a Twilight joke about your age, but that’s one of the many things Jim told us
“Dean was a mechanic back on Hephaestus,” Jo piped up from her seat in the co-pilots chair. “I’m sure he can help you out to earn his keep.”
1.	the displacement of the spectrum to shorter wavelengths in the light coming from distant celestial objects moving toward the observer.
Dean didn’t owe anything to the foolish alpha who had gone along with it, Castiel told himself, but he had feelings too.
The med bay was packed, and it took them almost twenty minutes to even get to talk to the receptionist. She wasn’t very impressed with Sam’s scant description and inability to give her a name, though she did agree to help once he told her the man didn’t have a comm. It was unusual enough to remember.
A bright flash made him freeze and turn to the door again. Jess pounded a fist against the window, screaming soundlessly. Behind her, the sky was darkening, bright red fire racing towards them against a background of black.
The crush of people was getting to be too much, jostling them both. Another hard shove and Sam lost his grip on Jess’s hand, others moving between them, all panicked and unthinkingly set on self-preservation.
Sam shook his head and looked around again, but he found himself stepping closer. The door seemed to loom above him as he did.
Now that Cas had devolved into watching crap TV, Dean had introduced him to Dr. Sexy. It was a good excuse to rewatch it
He checked for any other observers, and finding none, ran for the open door, crouching low. His shoes scritched against the pavement, and then he was passing the orange light and into the darkness of the warehouse.
Sam watched the city below shrink beneath him and gradually move out of sight as the shuttle turned, leaving only the rough, cratered surface of the planet to watch disappear as they climbed into the clouds above. As one of the first people on board, he sat in the very back row against the hull, next to one of the only small rounded windows in the back of the shuttle. He could look out of it if he turned and craned his neck, but Sam didn’t know if that was a blessing or a curse, considering they could still see the ground. They’d lost precious minutes loading as many people as they could fit in the rows of seats, and clearing the ramp of people still desperate to get on the shuttle even when there was no more room left.
Dean didn’t make a sound as he crept to the very edge of the building, and he carefully looked around the corner, jacket lightly scraping against the rough wall.
It made sense that Charlie would realize it within a few days. Most people wouldn’t see the obvious signs and connect the dots; technologically impaired, no knowledge of modern culture but extensive knowledge of old myth and lore, stilted speech and behavior – it all pointed to a Preserver. Charlie had always been interested in them, and so had Sammy for that matter.
Looking up, Sam froze at the sight of a stylized eye, flat against the ceiling, staring back at him.  A hand burst through the black hole of the pupil, then another one, tearing the eye in half like a piece of paper. A young woman came through the tear, sitting on the ceiling upside down, legs still dangling up into the remains of the eye, grinning down at him. Unlike the other users, shown only as vague shadows, she almost looked real – red hair and pale skin obvious in the rendering.
“Is this Officer Dean Winchester?” The voice on the other end was a male voice, but he didn’t identify himself.
After another moment, Dean's shoulders slumped. "Let’s get this over with.” Dean gestured him forward, and sat up straight as Castiel approached him, reached out for his arm.
Dean didn’t say anything about it, but he remained standing at the doorway as Castiel pretended to read. He tried focusing on the page in front of him, but his concentration would not be moved off of the source of that smell. The fine hairs on his arms and the back of his neck pebbled at the enthralling scent, but Castiel affected a studious disinterest.
The nurse sighed and crossed her arms. “We’ll keep him stable until we ID him and contact his closest relatives, which might never happen if they were-“ the nurse finally realized she was talking to other colonists and trailed off.
That was true – Benny had taken him aside during the Roadhouse gathering last week to inform him that Castiel was an alpha, but Dean had only laughed at that. There was no way Castiel was an alpha – and Dean had proven it. It was illegal for an alpha to even step foot into an omega safe-house. Not even Benny or Sam could step foot in one. So legally, Castiel couldn’t be an alpha because he was living in one of those same safe-houses. And no way would an alpha need to escape the Preserves. They only heard stories of omegas doing that, here.
Pausing at his laborious typing, Castiel sighed and admitted defeat. He needed help. Again. The damnable contraptions called laptops were terribly hard to get used to. Daphne had showed him the basics, but she wasn’t here now. He had only seen her briefly that morning after his nightmare, but he’d had to walk to campus early to switch his Class Relations to another time, one in which the professor didn’t know the name of Jimmy. Daphne had stayed home to meet with Child Protective Services, and to apply for emergency and full guardianship for both children. She could do what she wanted; she owned the diner, and the house, and would not be hurting for money anytime soon. And now, what Daphne wanted now included giving both Krissy and Shawn a roof over their heads and enough food to feed an army. No doubt she soon would rope Castiel into helping Krissy get a GED, since he had gotten his own not so long ago.
Dean had to look down at himself to make sure he was in one piece, and watched as the other three humans did the same.
Dean hesitated, but Henrickson looked up again, expectant, so he sat down. His leg bounced with nerves, unseen by Henrickson.
“You have any money on you?” Dean asked, and when Castiel only cocked an eyebrow, he shook his head. “Jesus, nevermind. Forget I asked.”
The sendoff for Pam was a quiet and perfunctory affair. With no good place for a body on a spaceship, the custom was to send them off through the airlock, wrapped in a sheet. Dean had been to one before, and never thought he’d had to experience another in his lifetime. Especially through the same airlock of the Impala.
“Ion, Hester, take them away from here.” Uriel emerged from the house behind them. “Make sure she’s treated well for her information.” As he said this, he kicked the legs from underneath Jimmy, who fell to his knees, unable to stop his fall with his hands tied behind his back.
He couldn’t see much of Amanda in the dark, but he could see her shake her head slightly. “You don’t look the type at all! I thought she was crazy when she told me she saw you at the free clinic here in town.”
“I’ve seen him touch you,” Raz butted in. She was draped over Dean’s shoulders, tail twitching and hitting him in the face.
Daphne and the two kids followed Castiel into the building, and his nose was once again assaulted by the sharp smell of smoke and spilled alcohol as they entered. This early, the Roadhouse remained relatively empty, so Castiel immediately spotted the large group that had gathered by the bar. Jess saw them first and waved them over, most of the group turning to see who had arrived. She looked radiant even in the dim light of the bar, surrounded by family and friends. Castiel realized with a shock that he already recognized most of them.
“It was a long time ago.” The weariness in his voice was surprising. It seemed their species did have things in common, after all.
When no one enters, Castiel frowns and gets up from his desk. When he opens the door, no one is there. He looks down the hallway and then towards the entrance, the door just sliding shut, flakes of snow jumping in the air flow.
It took a certain kind of person to thrive in deep space, especially in a smaller craft like the Impala. Long voyages in cramped spaces could lead to boredom and short tempers in most everyone, but Dean could only watch in awe as the crew of the Impala lived and worked together like a well-oiled machine. There were personality tests that matched applicants with a crew that would be the best fit, but in an emergency situation like Hephaestus, it didn't matter.
. As soon as the doors of the diner had been unlocked and the sign in the window flipped to OPEN, Castiel retreated and retrieved his worn maroon backpack, stuffed under the counter in its usual place. Daphne called out a soft and customary, “Thank you, Castiel!” but she only got a bleary grunt in response. He took his regular seat in the back of the diner, backpack between his legs. Daphne whisked by and rewarded him with coffee before leaving him be. They didn’t speak much in the mornings before they'd done their warm-up routines, and the only other person in the building was the cook, but he just whistled tonelessly and ignored the both of them, concentrating on his work.
Balthazar gives a theatrical shiver. “Anyways,” he says, sitting on the edge of the desk now, leaning forward like he’s imparting a secret, “a little birdie told us she’s been doing some interspecies talking of her own.” Dread starts to build up his spine. “Apparently, since you showed a bit of leeway to two werewolves breaking some customs at the last meeting, Speaker Myers wants to make it up to you-“
Immediately, he could feel a tension headache creep back. This day just continued to break all expectations. Could it get
Curious, Dean shuffled his way into the study and paused in the doorframe, listening to the news station Castiel had turned to.
Castiel muttered a curse, glancing in both directions and backing up a good distance. Once he was sure no cars were approaching, Castiel ran towards the fence and vaulted over like a goddamn gazelle. As soon as he had landed, he turned back to look at Dean, waiting expectantly.
“Bobby, what’s going on?” Dean almost yelled, close enough this time for Bobby and the others to hear him. Bobby shook his head but another man pointed at his comm.
“I mean, I am, but the most I can do is flash my eyes and bench press slightly more than the average Joe.”
Confused, Castiel could only nod. Why had he been invited over if Dean didn’t want him here? Was Dean just trying to appease Charlie so she didn't push him into anything else? The thought lay heavy in his sternum.
“I’m betting on a SWAT team.” Mortimer answered. “They parked a block over so we wouldn’t see them from this road. They think that’s a dog in the yard.”
“Shitshitshitshit-“ Dean whispered to himself, white-knuckling the hallway railing. It took him a few heartbeats to gather up the courage to push off down the hallway, heading for the AGF room. “You can do this. No problem.” They just had to fix the AGF before they got sucked into the wormhole and were all crushed to death.
on a Friday? He doesn’t have any other friends. Take pity on him just this once.” Charlie turned on the puppy-dog eyes.
The sound of Dean retching finally roused Castiel from sleep. He sat up, rubbing at his eyes, and waited for a few moments until his mind had cleared before he looked over his shoulder. The bathroom door stood halfway open, and Castiel could see the curve of Dean’s spine as he bent over the toilet. When Dean coughed and gasped for breath, a frission of concern made Castiel get to his feet and make his way over to pause in the doorway. Dean kneeled on the floor, clad only in black boxer-briefs. He was turned away from the doorway, so Castiel could only see the freckled expanse of his back and the way Dean’s head rested on the back of his forearm, propped against the toilet seat. If he heard Castiel approach, he didn’t react. The smell of sick and distress permeated the room.
After he finished in the bathroom and applied his scent-blocker, Castiel descended the stairs fully clothed and ready for the day. Daphne smiled at him from her place by the counter as he came into the kitchen. Shawn sat at the table, chugging the rest of a glass of orange juice. The plate in front of him only had crumbs left. No doubt Daphne had just fed him more food in this one sitting than he usually ate in a day. “Krissy says she’s fine being left alone for the day, so I’m taking Shawn to school before I go into work. Do you want a ride to campus?”
Jess nodded. “He went through multiple other tests as well, but luckily we had precedence with other alpha volunteers who’ve worked in omega safe-houses before. But that’s the only thing I’m telling you three, and
“No, that’s Jimmy and his wife and daughter. It’s one of the only photos we have of him. Preservers never upgraded their technology like we did.”
“Thought it was just’a bet. Y’know, twenty bucks says you can’t streak in this weather, and then those douchebags took my clothes!” Indignant, the guy gestures with an arm and turns around, awkwardly cupping himself. The front is just as good as the back until Castiel’s eyes make it to his face.
Touching another person’s daemon was one of the most intimate things you could do with another person. Even Dean had only touched Millie a handful of times in his entire life, and likewise Sam with Raz, usually when someone was dying. The feeling it gave all depended on the emotions the person touching another’s daemon felt towards them, and Castiel felt-
This time, when Castiel retreats and locks his door behind him, he finds his earbuds and blasts the loudest music he can stand for a couple hours, until he’s sure Dean has left.
It took them almost a full day to get to Charis Station with the shuttle’s AGF, and the strange man sitting across from Sam remained catatonic for the whole trip. When they finally started to disembark into the hangars of Charis station, Sam held back and watched as the medics came to pry the man out of his seat and take him away in a stretcher, leaving behind a chair dark with dried blood.
Dean cursed and parked his car, clambering out to join Castiel as he made his way to the front door. “This is feeling a little above my paygrade,” Dean muttered behind him.
Dean got a bad feeling when Benny led them over to the airlock antechamber. “Pam said there was a malfunction in the calculations for tracking space debris. Apparently one of our main sensors got hit just now before she noticed there was a problem,” Benny said, taking down one of the suits and handing it to Dean. Dean took it, mind too filled with staticky panic to even think to protest. “It’s not too late, so I’d thought we’d take care of it now and get Pam started on quality control sooner rather than later.”
would’ve remembered me. So, that leads me to believe that you really are Castiel, who somehow made a beta-to-alpha transition more than a decade after presenting, without any treatments.”
Shawn grabbed Castiel’s sleeve to drag him into the house and up to the attic, Dean following a couple steps behind. They both nodded a hello to Daphne before ascending. The attic was packed with all sorts of strange and forgotten things from Daphne's uncle, who definitely fit the label of a hoarder, but Shawn led them to a small alcove that couldn’t be seen from the stairs, where a few small boxes had been opened and board games revealed. They were all classics – frayed corners and covered in dust. Dean picked up a Monopoly box and wiped the dust off the top, grinning. He turned and wiggled the box. “Man, I haven’t played these since I was your age.” he told Shawn, and Shawn frowned.
Castiel made it through three more chapters before giving up, turning his gaze to the window at his side, and watched as people passed by on their way to work. Today the sky hung close overhead, grey and misty, and his mood had turned restless with it. Castiel looked around, tapping his fingers against the table, and his gaze fell on two middle aged women at a table on the other side of the diner. They were looking at him, but they quickly turned away, not wanting to be caught staring. He knew why they were curious, of course. Not being able to tell his place in the Hierarchy made some people very unsettled.
Alarm started to rise in Dean’s chest. “Hey, Cas-“ Dean put out a hand above his mouth, but couldn’t feel any movement. He wasn’t breathing.
The shuffle of clothing across the floor tracked Alfie’s progress, but it stopped when he came in sight of Henrickson. “Oh my God! Is he dead?!?” Alfie whimpered, not wanting to come any closer.
He propped his chin on a hand, boots squelching as he shifted in place. His clothes stuck to his skin, clammy and cold as all hell.
“Looking for you, dumbass,” Dean interrupted. He turned back to Gordon, pointing his own gun at the stirring figure. “He said don’t
Castiel stayed where he was, reaching into the pouch and pulling out a smaller black rectangle. He held the small form out, and the straight edges and size were instantly recognizable. “You know what this is, correct?”
to play follow the leader. We’d rather keep to the carrot, though. No need to use the stick unless we
With that, Castiel retreated into the kitchen. He could barely hear their voices, but it seemed it mostly involved the officer talking to Krissy in hushed tones.
“It was a last resort, after finding out you were being blackmailed by Henrickson. I had to find someone who’d have a chance on figuring it out after I-“ he paused. “-if the worst happened. We can go visit her. I doubt they suspect I have any connection with Charlie, after all.”
Ellen and Joshua walked by, the stranger between them. They each had a hand on the arm closest to them, propelling him forward. The stranger looked at him as they walked by, but as soon as they made eye contact, Dean jerked his head back down and ignored the procession as it passed behind him.
He spent the first hour scouring the hangars for the name, but Charis Station was huge, and Sam spent a lot of time avoiding people who looked like they’d stop him.
Castiel didn’t reply, but his gaze slid to the side, which was an answer in itself. As he turned to look out the dash, his eyes caught the light of the streetlamp, and his pupils reflected it, flashing strangely. Just like a wolf’s eye would.
When Castiel approached his cabin, where the two omegas were currently being hidden, he paused at the tree line. A faint light shone through his window. Frowning, he picked up the pace, heading for the door. He had told them both to not turn the lamp on when he wasn’t home, and yet they had, putting themselves and the Underground at risk with such a small inconsistency. It was bad enough he seemed to have gotten their sickness, based on his sore throat and runny nose, though as a full Shifter, his immune system would likely only keep it at that while the two null omegas languished under high fever and shakes.
Dean finally snatched his hand back and two other staff members crowded them out, drawn by the sound of the blaring monitors.
When the man pulled a gun from its holster near Dean’s belt, he took it and set it aside. Same with the pocket knife found in a back pocket. The second knife came from an ankle sheath, and Dean could only shrug when Castiel quirked an eyebrow.
“There aren’t any walls or floors in zero-G, but that’s a floor when we have gravity. The AGF metal‘s behind that window, so the gravity field it produces always points down to it. I’d advise you to turn with your feet towards it now though.”
They’d all parted ways at the station, Victor driving to his hotel in the unmarked police car by himself, and Dean going back home for a brief breather. Henrickson had told him to meet up with him at his hotel room in just a few short hours after he talked to his own boss, and soon enough, Dean found himself knocking on the door to the correct hotel room.
There’s another werewolf, a bit smaller than the giant Sam is, that Castiel notices has the same dark brown markings. He stays close to the tree line, never venturing near, and their eyes meet.
The meteor shower was caused by a large debris field that the planet passed through every year. Although the first and last week of the month’s long shower was pretty to watch, the frequency and size of the asteroids would get so large that all spaceship travel would be suspended, and the colonists would be advised to stay indoors and underground for the remainder of the shower.
But now Castiel was using that bedroom for the foreseeable future, since he was being a paranoid hard-ass with Henrickson, and it had felt like he’d been intruding, even though no one used that bedroom anymore.
“Mmm.” Alistair said, but didn’t move. “This is the bonus we give to our new members. After they earn it.” The envelope kept turning over in his hands, hypnotic, and Alistair sighed. “Sam, I’ll be honest with you. Azazel sent you to me because I am a great judge of character, and I’m just not so sure you can handle it.”
“Stop that,” she scolds, smoothing the material against his throat before settling back at his side. “You knew the meeting was going to turn into this.”
The nurse leaned over and scanned the hospital ID bracelet. She took a minute to read the file that appeared on her comm, and when she looked up apologetically, Sam knew it was nothing good.
Castiel really stared at him then, too implacable for Dean to tell if he minded the nickname. “Shit. Sorry, man, I hope you don't mind, your name is–“
Once they were all back in the motel room, and Jimmy had his mouth full, wolfing down the burgers and fries that Sam and Dean had gotten him, it gave their daemons the opportunity to talk amongst themselves.
“SAM?” Dean rushed forward to peer through the destroyed door. The metal frames of the furniture had been bent and broken, tossed haphazardly around the room, the wall screen fractured into pieces.
Shaking with panic, Sam faced forward again. A few people were sobbing, but most were silent, waiting for the inevitable to happen. The strange man was frowning in concentration, eyes closed, but as Sam watched, the man opened his eyes.
Charlie pointed the remaining half of the sword at him. “You freaking snuck into my apartment at like, eight in the morning! You-” She finally noticed Castiel. “Wait, Castiel?” Her eyes flicked between the two of them. “What is this about?”
“It was a nice shot, I have to admit. Getting two people with one bullet, even if the second was unintentional. You never know how glass will deflect it.” His eyes remained a stark blood-red.
“Look,” Henrickson replied, “since this is a Federal investigation, and you refuse to tell me anything, I can arrest you for obstruction of justice." When Castiel tensed again, Henrickson held up a hand and went on, "I hope it won't come to that. I'll give you some time to realize it would be in everybody's best interest that you tell me what we need to know, but I
Dean could smell the coffee brewing as he made his way down the hall, the metal grating beneath his feet clanging enough for everyone to hear his approach. Sam followed behind, quiet as a ghost.
“Nice to meet’cha,” Benny drawled, smiling. Dean only mumbled something in response, still trying to take it all in.
As soon as the tubing was in place, Castiel straightened up and checked the plants in the grow bed, absentmindedly rubbing a leaf between his fingers. The small smile he’d had on his face vanished when he finally caught sight of Dean.
Dean was so tired he was blanking on her last name. “Um…it’s not coming to me right now. But her father’s name is a big name in – not your Underground – but regular criminal underground circles here. It’s a weird name. Azazel?” Recognition flashed across Castiel’s face. “You know him?”
At the flashing red light, Dean looked up from his place under the shuttle. He usually took off his comm to work but kept it close by just in case, and now it blinked urgently from just out of reach. Careful, Dean scooted out from the opened maintenance panel above him, leaving his tools where they lay.
Dean made a rude sound. “So I’m guessing taking Castiel anywhere near her is the last thing I want to do.”
“Sorry kid, we’re not letting anyone through here that hasn’t been verified yet. You’ll just have to stay put for now.”
"Well..." Ash drawled, scratching his chin. "There is some crazy shit happening around here, but the man seems to be human from all the scans I've done on him so far."
we’ll be right around the corner until Benny gets here. Oh, and tell him the real story this time, please.” He gave her the gun once they’d tied her scarf around her leg as a rudimentary bandage.
Cas picked up two of the bags without asking and stood up. “It’s no trouble. You don’t mind if I carry these, do you?”
Wh – oh! “Yeah! ‘Course it is. Still interested in learning self-defense, Mr. Miyagi style?” Dean did some karate chops through the air for good measure.
He found Dean before he found the Impala, sitting next to the entrance ramp of an older ship at the far end of the next hangar with two other people.
Dean put it off for as long as he thought he could. He parked the car and just stayed in the driver’s seat, procrastinating. Henrickson would expect him to be waiting for him in the station, but he didn’t want to make a call like this in earshot of anyone else. For a few more minutes, he fidgeted in his seat, trying to come up with a plausible enough excuse. He couldn’t avoid not doing it when he had an FBI agent on his ass. Hopefully, this really was just for information.
“Don’t play coy, Dean. I knew you were to pretty to be a beta. My good friend told me all about you, but it’s very nice to finally have some proof. Here, I’ll show you.” Gordon moved forward again, gun still keeping them in place. Digging into his back pocket, he pulled out a phone - a hot pink phone. Dean did a double-take, recognizing it immediately, as Gordon scrolled through it for a minute before speaking. “Here’s a text to your brother. ‘I talked to him this morning when you were on your run. Dean is fine, but I wish he’d stop thinking that being an omega is always a bad thing.’”
He vaulted over the middle seats before Castiel could stop him, and got there just as Jess made it up to the other side of the door. She pounded on the thick reinforced window as he fumbled with the door controls, not daring to waste time to look behind him.
When he was done checking the scab, Castiel dropped the pants leg back into place and draped the trenchcoat over himself. He looked up again at Dean when he was done. “What about Henrickson? Did he-?”
“Please, you’re using a public access point.” She flapped a hand in dismissal. “It’s as unsecured as you can get. Wait, don’t disconnect-“ Seeing Sam raise a hand to the sensors still taped to his head, the redhead grabbed the edge of the tear on the ceiling and flipped herself, like suddenly gravity was reversing to normal for her, and dropped in front of him. “Name’s Charlie. I’m a friend, if you want me to be.” Charlie scanned him up and down, lingering long on his socked feet and bracelet comm. “Kinda looks like you need one, right now.”
As a Tier 2, Dean had enhanced senses, strength, healing – the works. It had given him the edge needed to be hired as a police officer to overcome his omega status. Dean had never even met a T-1 before; he was pretty sure Castiel would be like a T-2 on steroids. It also meant that Cas could freaking turn into a full wolf, and that was
“I’ve been meaning to ask you something, Dean.” Castiel said, and Dean looked up. That sounded ominous.
“It’s very nice to meet you, Sam.” Cas shook his hand, eyes darting between all three of them. “I hadn’t realized you were all related.”
“Gordon, let me get this straight. You gave up your career by murdering a federal agent for…what exactly? More Red from Ruby?”
“So,” he started, as Castiel finished his food, “you’re really just gonna pretend like it’s a normal day for you?”
Garth claps his hands together, Bess by his side. “Alright, listen up everybody! I want to introduce our guests here – this is Castiel,” Castiel gives a little aborted wave at his name, “Meg, Balthazar, and Hannah, so make sure to come over to say hi before we go furry.”
It was very hard to not take offense. "Really." Castiel said, finally meeting Benny's direct gaze. "And what type do I look like?"
It was torture to hold off the rut for a just a little bit longer, and he found himself sitting on the edge of the bed as close to the window as possible, a bead of sweat dripping down the hollow of his back. It still smelled like sex in here, courtesy of himself, and he shifted uncomfortably. Castiel hadn’t heard anyone come up the stairs yet, although he still heard the faint tone of voices downstairs, maybe if he was fast, he could-
Krissy examined him for a long minute, assessing. “Nah. It’s fine. Daphne said you saved her too, and she definitely knows. But just so you know, I don’t trust you even if Shawn and Daphne do.”
It was like kicking a puppy. Castiel’s faint smile dropped off his face. “Oh,” he said, and disappeared as abruptly as usual.
It felt like a dream. A nightmare. Sam knew his body was moving on its own, but couldn’t get his muscles to cooperate with his own will.
While he was deciding, Sam put down the phone on the bed and folded the rest of the laundry, but this time he left the radio off.
“Don’t care. I thought no one would find me! One more thing like Novak and I am outta here.” Movement inside alerted Dean, so he shuffled his feet on the carpet and rapped his knuckles on the door.
Dean felt for a pulse, slipping on blood, but he couldn’t tell if Henrickson’s pulse was too faint to be felt or if his heart had stopped completely.
When he went back outside and started filling the Prius with gas, Dean leaned back against the car and put his coffee on top of the Prius. He pulled out the flier, tilting it to catch the light from the gas station.
Dean had seen that expression before, when John was sizing someone up, thinking of ways to make something work. He’d looked the same during another hunt, when the hunter they’d been working with had broken his arm before they had finished the job. There was a reason the long-lived hunters usually had dogs or birds as daemons - they could get away or hold their own in a fight. Now that Raz couldn’t shift, and was stuck in such a small form, she was a liability.
Raz only let Lisa touch her once, after Ben had gone to bed one night. They’d watched a movie with the sound down, heavy-lidded and sleepy, worn out from a week of work. When the credits started rolling, Raz brushed against Lisa’s legs, staring up at her, expectant. Lisa had looked over at Dean, eyes sharp, but Dean couldn’t say anything, only watched as she bent over and petted Raz.
“Yeah, no kidding.” Dean replied, and knocked her hands away for a moment, still cuffed himself. “Lemme see.” No bright red blood spurted out, which meant it hadn’t hit an artery. Thank god. “Just keep putting pressure on that to stop the bleeding. We’ll need to get you to the hospital, but you’re not gonna bleed out here.” Not like Henrickson did, anyways.
“Maybe you should’ve thought of that beforehand. Might’ve saved you the trouble.” Castiel snaps, opening his door. There’s a few moments of confusion as Dean tries to follow him into his room, and Castiel blocks him and tries to close the door on him.
“Oh,” Dean turned in his direction and crossed his legs on the empty space between them, “it’s called The Village.” Dean grinned, looking pleased with himself. When he didn't say anything else, Castiel turned his gaze to the TV as the movie started.
Castiel only spared Gordon one more quick glance when they were done. “Tell your bosses that Castiel sends his greetings, not Jimmy. If they want what I have, then
That shocked her into silence for a moment, and Dean shifted on his feet in impatience and turned back. “C’mon man, open up!”
Castiel followed him out of the car. “You do know how to defend yourself much better than they can. A much higher chance of survival if something happens.”
“Last evac point for us!” Bobby shouted back. “Even with our faster ship, we’ll be pushing it for clearing atmosphere if we leave now! Close the door!”
The Castiel in front of him didn’t open his mouth, but the voice that came over the speaker next was his. “I apologize for the disturbance. Everything is - alright.” Now Castiel’s body spoke to Dean only. “I was told to protect your brother. That’s why I have images of him. I didn’t realize one of my brethren was somewhere within him until he killed Pam and sabotaged the ship. I was – am- unprepared for this, but I will not lie to you.”
An already open bottle of whiskey stood on the counter, and Castiel watched as Dean poured him a generous helping. Though the smell of it singed his nose, Castiel emptied the glass with one swallow. He coughed, grimacing at the burn.
Interesting. Maybe there was a code in the flash drive that sent out notice if someone tried to access it. “Why are you giving it to me, now?”
As soon as they hit Springfield, twilight had descended, and Dean stopped at a movie theater to switch plates with a black car. “Sorry about this,” he muttered as he unscrewed them from their rightful place, Castiel standing watch.
Ori shifted on Jimmy’s shoulder. “It’s like the connection is…muted,” she finally said. “Jimmy is still there, but he’s not, at the same time.”
“And in other news, the search for the two fugitives, alpha Castiel Novak and former police officer and omega Dean Winchester, continues. They are wanted for questioning in the murder of FBI agent Victor Henrickson, who had been investigating Castiel’s connection with at least four other murders back in his homeland, the Preserves. Investigators believe Castiel fled the Preserves almost three years ago, and seduced the omega Dean Winchester into helping him avoid authorities when he moved to Lawrence.
Luckily, they saw no one on their way to the car, and didn’t notice anyone following them. Dean had been to Henrickson’s hotel room before, but when they got to the hotel, Dean went straight to the bored-looking lady at the front desk.
Jim leads them out of the back door, into the gathering twilight. Garth and a blonde-haired woman turn to look, their pupils reflecting yellow from the porch light.
“I-yeah, that’s a good idea.” Sam had looked pretty pale when he’d bolted, but he should’ve been reoriented by now.
“-Cool, cool. Then, further back in the trees there’s a big bonfire going – that’s where most of the pack will be hanging out until later.” He opens the front door and motions everyone in. “Oh, we also have a trail to the beach back there, but it’s a bit steep, so watch out for that.”
“I know what it does,” Sam replied, huffy, as both him and Dean did as Benny asked. “We just never got to see one in person on planet.”
Ellen turned in her chair, looking back at Benny and Dean. “We’re several hours out still, so get some shut-eye before we get there. I want you two ready to help Pam if she needs it during the Gate transition.”
Uriel had been one of the vanguards in charge of destroying any surviving humans that had escaped the first strike, but now there were no living humans anywhere on the planet. He especially, of all her brothers, did not like interacting with physical hosts.
When he arrived at his bunk, he grabbed the picture frame still sitting on his desk and headed for the med bay.
Forever and an age later, he made it out of the store without strangling anyone, and the drive home stayed quick and painless. He even got all his grocery bags out in one go, closing the door and locking it with a little maneuvering, but it was no surprise when life decided to kick him in the balls again. Halfway across the parking lot, the sound of ripped plastic reached him a split second before his items scattered across the ground.
Sam got the call at 11:30 in the morning on a Saturday. He was doing what he usually always did on a Saturday morning; folding the laundry he had done earlier while listening to NPR (not that he would ever let Dean know about that unless he
The next few days flew by in a flurry of activity. The stranger was still recovering in the medbay with Ash - weak as a kitten and asleep most of the time. This gave the crew some breathing room to get ready for the journey. Although Dean was used to ground maintenance for spacers, in-flight work was just different enough that he couldn’t do anything but the most basic things by himself. He had to follow Benny like a shadow, absorbing all he could tell him. Systems couldn’t be shut off all the way, just rerouted in some cases, so all the work had safety requirements that he’d never learned before. Dean broke out in a cold sweat just thinking about the outside hull work they might have to do, with nothing but some fancy fabric in between him and certain death. Luckily, Benny had assured him no outside maintenance would be needed for some time, and he wouldn't need help outside unless it was an emergency.
“Go away!” That was definitely Cas. His voice was deeper and more strained than usual, like he was in pain. That was concerning.
A man in a denim jacket and an easygoing, if goofy, smile approaches them. “Speaker Novak, you made it! Welcome!” He shakes their hands, getting everyone to introduce themselves. “I’m Garth. Nice to meet you all. Follow me!” He starts walking back in the direction of the house, providing commentary as he goes. “Let’s see - Jim’s inside the house- I’ll take you to him first - then there’s some tables set outside with food and drinks behind the house, but, uh-“
Well, there went that possibility. Dean shrugged and went back to eating his fries (he’d been the only one to get something to eat, since it was between meals, but he seriously couldn’t go to a diner and
"Yeah," Shawn replied, getting up and taking his dishes over to the sink. Going on his tiptoes, he made to wash them instead of leaving them in the sink until Daphne realized what he was doing.
He recognized the man as soon as he saw him. Dark suit, purposeful walk, direct gaze; it all pointed to an agent. The man saw him as well as soon as he was through, and held out a hand. “Officer Winchester. My name is Victor Henrickson.” They shook hands, and Dean could tell this man was another alpha. “I’ll need to know everything you know by the time we reach Lawrence.”
A soft rustling sound, probably Castiel laying down himself, came from the floor. “Goodnight, Dean.” Castiel said, and Dean could only grunt a response.
“Of course I did! I always do my check and scan twice before zero-G. I can tell you, he wasn’t in the cargo bay when we took off.”
“We’ve already taken care of Anna and Balthazar.” Uriel said. “We’ve tolerated your group long enough, but it looks as though all the other loose ends have been tied up.” He gestured back to Castiel’s cabin, where smoke had started to trickle out of the top of the open doorframe. That damned lamp. “We didn’t even have to kill the other two. The stunted ones do have a nasty habit of dying of sickness, don’t they?” Uriel put a hand on Jimmy’s shoulder, claws lengthening out and pricking into skin, drawing blood. He held his own dagger in his other hand, and his eyes glowed red with threat. “Now, which one of you two has the information that we’re looking for?” After both stayed silent, Uriel sighed. “What about you, Jimmy? You tell us, and we’ll get you back to your wife and daughter. I bet Castiel talked you into doing this, anyways, right?”
His body lifted his hands in front of his face, observing them as they flexed the fingers into a tight fist and then relaxed them again. His hands dropped out of sight, and the void of space, studded with distant stars, filled his visor. Sam could feel his eyes dart from star to star, head turning, until his vision fixed on one in particular.
“Only be used when we’re compromised,” he finished for Castiel. “Blah, blah, blah. I just had to find out if I needed to skedaddle out of town with
“Guess it’s too late to turn around and pretend we never saw that car, huh?” Dean joked, half-serious. Cas glared at him.
“Yes.” Castiel answered, not looking up. “I refuse to let Agent Henrickson inconvenience any part of my life here.”
“Alright,” Daphne said, when they finished, “Shawn, it’s time to start homework.” Shawn groaned and wilted in his seat a little. “Castiel,” she continued, turning, “are you staying for dinner?”
Castiel rolled away from Ephraim and wobbled to his feet. Uriel circled around him, patient, and Castiel tried to keep his front to him at all times. Like this, Uriel had the advantage, and Castiel couldn’t shift to a wolf in time. He could only hope to get Uriel to make a move first, so he growled a challenge at the alpha, and wobbled a little more than he had to. At that, Uriel suddenly sprinted around him, almost getting behind Castiel before leaping straight at him, too fast for Castiel to get his arm up in time. Teeth dug into the arm clutching the dagger, and Castiel fell onto his back from the weight of Uriel slamming into him. Shaking his head again, Uriel tore into Castiel’s arm, claws slicing into the flesh he didn’t have a hold of.
He paced a bit on the sidewalk as it rang, and rang, and rang without being answered, but just as Sam was waiting for the voicemail to start up, the ringing stopped, replaced by a voice.
. The man remained so socially and technologically inept it was actually impressive. And he’d never had to deal with someone shooting at him, from what Dean knew about his time after escaping the Preserves. The Preserves themselves didn’t allow any firearms at all – it’s what had made their downfall possible, after all – a power that any T-3 could use to kill a T-1 from a distance, before claws and teeth could be involved.
When Dean shrugged in response, Castiel looked out the car window, hand curling into a fist at his side. “Do you think Henrickson is telling the truth?”
“I’ll be glad when the meteor shower is over. Everyone always gets a little..." Jess waved a fry around in the air, looking for the word.
Henrickson remained calm, even when the scent of a very upset alpha, ready to attack, permeated the room. Castiel might have put scent blockers on today, but this close a rut, it couldn’t cover the smell of such rampant hormones for long. It seemed to make the room that much smaller to Dean, shrinking even as the tension in the room pulled taut. “A lucky break, since you’re still using a name we can trace.” Castiel turned and pinned Dean with another look, obviously believing Dean had something to do with it. Which he did. Dean looked down, breaking eye contact, as Henrickson continued explaining himself. “I don’t think you realize how big our side of the Underground is. You’re not in any danger from us knowing that you’re here. Trust me, we would know if Preservers were after you.”
His eyes fell on the laptop, still open on the table and facing them. The screen was black but Dean could see the little light next to the webcam shining. Goddammit. Mystery texter had seen everything.
Sam took a moment to breathe before he tried to get his bearings. He cautiously moved his extremities one by one, trying to sit up. An involuntary sound of pain escaped him when he tried pushing himself off the ground. His arm hurt. A lot.
“Shawn?” he mumbled. What was he doing here? Castiel had thought Shawn would have gone to Daphne’s room instead of his if he needed anything. Maybe Castiel was a more familiar presence, since he had helped Shawn once before.
“Not of flesh and blood. But there are those of us born from the same – spark. I would call them siblings.”
Turning to the rest of the class, he leaned against the side of the podium again, putting a hand on his hip. “Freaking everyone knows the classes, y'know, alpha, beta, and omega, and the one to eight to one ratio, but let’s talk about the three tiers before we move onto the old Hierarchy. Most people are third tier, which means?” He held up a hand to his ear, gesturing with the other to the class. No one spoke up, so he dropped the hand and sighed. “God, you guys
Well, now he just felt bad. The floor looked like it was covered in the industrial carpet school buildings tended to have – unyielding and scratchy. It would be one hell of a night if he tried to sleep on it. “You just got shot today. You can have the bed. I’ll-“
After they had finished up, they all got into the Impala, tired and ready to be done with this hunt. Dean sat in the back, Raz curled in his lap, and Ash jumped in the passenger seat. It was after midnight, so the ride back to the motel room was dark and quiet, interspersed only with the bright stabbing headlights of passing cars. When they got back to the motel room, Sam was already asleep in the bed farthest from the door, Millie tucked in securely beside him. Dean crawled into the bed with Sam, careful not to wake him with his movements, and Raz jumped in with him, under the covers.
“You think you can come crawling back and Sam’s just gonna, what? Take you back? Newsflash for you, Ruby, he doesn’t even consider you his mate anymore.”
Mute, Sam watched as Dean grabbed a tumbler full of dark liquid and turn back to the bed. He paused for a second in front of Alistair, lip curling, and then took a long swig of it before he upended the rest over the mattress. Next, Dean retrieved a box of matches from the side table and lit one.
They both made their way out of the house in silence as fast as they could. Dean walked with a limp.
the sudden wobble in his voice, but it’s worth it to see the horrified recognition forming in Dean’s face. “Guess you always have an ulterior motive when you flirt, huh?”
Sam and Jess were waiting outside when Dean parked his Baby, already talking to Benny and another officer. Sam held out the piece of paper to Dean when he approached, and Dean saw the red diamond of Ruby’s handiwork at the bottom. That
“And you should be more subtle about it.” Castiel said, pulling a chocolate bar out of a pocket and almost smiling at the kid’s surprised expression. He put the chocolate bar and the twenty dollar bill still left in his wallet into the plastic bag before tossing it over to the kid, knowing the boy would bolt if he got any closer. It landed with a thud near his feet, and the kid bent down to retrieve it quickly, as though it would jump away if he was too slow.
“Obviously, your brother didn’t know the end game. He thought they were doing research on a naturally occurring rabies strain. It didn’t occur to him that they were trying to improve upon it.”
“We just got a call from a girl working at the Virginia Inn, says two men came in to look at Henrickson’s room. They weren’t in uniform so she just called to make sure they were real officers. The descriptions sounded like you and Castiel.”
Jim gives a quick grin that takes a decade off of his appearance. “I wanted to thank you for looking out for my charges. Friendly relations between our groups is something I’m still getting used to. Please tell me if I overstep.”
Dean took his own handcuffs out and snapped them over his wrists, holding them up for Gordon to see. He tossed the small key to the ground between them, right next to his gun. “Happy?”
Dean keeps his eyes on the floor for a long moment. “Uh, I guess I never thanked you for-“ he says, haltingly, palming the back of his neck, but Castiel cuts him off before he gets far.
“…I’ll do that.” she said, “Okay, yeah, I’ll talk to you after.” Ending the call, she pulled the phone away from her face to look at it, narrowing her eyes. When Charlie finally turned to Castiel again, she tucked her phone into her back pocket. “Well, Dean said you could go up and watch the movie at his place. I did sorta push him into joining us at the beginning, so he probably won’t give you the most welcoming reception ever. I told you before - he gets really defensive over-“ she waved a hand vaguely, “- y'know.”
Castiel waits a few days, then a week, going about his normal routine. Regrettably, Dean doesn’t call or text him back.
As Rufus talked, Ash showed up in only a robe, clutching a large bag to his chest. Crouching down in front of the stranger, Ash pulled a pair of gloves and a handheld medical device out from the emergency pack he’d brought with him. “Hey there, man. You with me?” he asked, shining a light across the man’s eyes.
He kept being surprised by that fact for some reason, especially when Castiel just mentioned it so casually like it wasn’t even a big deal. It wasn’t like he didn’t know it existed, either, it was just – it wasn’t real in his world.
