"How long was the longshot?" Bruce asked.  Tony gave him a look, and he gave a shrug, his face flushing.  "Just asking.  For science.”
Clint held up three fingers.  “One, jail.  Two, running at the guns and hoping I didn’t get shot.  And three,  jumping out the window and hoping I didn’t break a leg AND get shot,” Clint said.  “Of the three, jail was probably the best of them, but like I said, I wasn’t the brains of the outfit.  And Nat’s never met a situation she hasn’t tried to talk her way out of.”
“Sit down,” Jarvis said, nudging Tony towards a chair.  “Mrs. Parker, there’s water on the sideboard, if you could get him a glass, I’ll go fetch some help, we should be able to ring-”
“Our lives are fucking weird,” Sam said.  He set the tablet aside and reached for the water pitcher beside the bed.  “Seriously.  How're you feeling?”
“You’re trying to date the most oblivious man I have ever met,” Sam said.  “Have you considered…”  He took a deep breath. “Anyone else on earth?”
“Oooooooookay,”  Jan started, and Bruce made a break for the pantry.  “First of all, we would not have to fight the plant, and second of all, if we did, the plant would win.”
“Get rid of him,” the thug hissed, even as a big, broad figure of a man came stumbling out of the fog, a hat clamped on his head, his jacket sliding off his shoulder, one foot scraping behind him with each step, in an awkward, protracted limp.  A bottle swung wildly from his other hand, bumping against his side every time he moved forward.
“Sorry I didn't turn out to be the easy mark you thought I was,” he said, and Morrison's face turned an unfortunate shade of brick red. Steve smiled, and somewhere in the background, he caught the glimpse of light flashing off of a camera lens.
DJ took a deep breath.  “Good,” he said, smiling at Tony, because his dad always smiled back at him, always, and even if 'good' was a lie before, that smile made it true. “Dinner soon?”
Steve looked down at the page, some bit of yellow journalism from some no-name paper. But the drawing it featured was more accurate than he would’ve liked.
“I’m going to need to see your invitation,” Stark said from the front pew.  He looked up at the SHIELD agents that were milling around the aisles.  “I do not tolerate gatecrashers.”
“Right, uh, hate to tell you this, but no, you aren’t,” Tony said.  “Because you’re fifteen and not from universe, so, hopefully even if you have a credit card and an ID, they won’t work and there is no way you’re scamming SHIELD or anyone else to get you there, so-”
He was a tall, reedy man with a shock of white hair and a startling resemblance to Mark Twain, and an easy smile. “All right,” he said, clapping his hands. “We're going live in twenty minutes, let's find our places, people.”
Steve took it, slipping it into his mouth.  It was sweet and cool, the flesh crisp against his tongue.  “He does that a lot, doesn’t he?” he asked, his voice quiet.
“Right,” Darcy said.  He liked the way her voice sounded, because she didn’t bother trying to make it do things that it shouldn’t.  “That’s…  That’s not helpful, Deej.”
"Did he now?" Tony asked.  He looked over at DJ, who was sitting in the chair next to the cat.  "Is this true?"
“You can wait a bit, your Highness,” she said, leading her horse to the side of the road.  The roan mare, her tail swishing, was pleased enough to stand in the shade of the trees, sniffing at the grass next to the wall there.  “We are days early still.”  She looked up at Shuri’s scowling face.  “Come.  Have something to eat.”
Jan snagged the back of his vest in one hand.  “Anthony.  Edward.  Stark,” she purred, and Tony groaned.  “What have you done?”
In the silence that followed, Clint hung up his phone with a flick of his thumb and tossed it onto the desk.  “Know what?  She’s fine with it,” he said, his voice bright.
Happy was waiting in the loading area right next to the elevator. “Glad to see you guys are finally on the same page,” he said, holding the back door of the limo open.
Her face melted into a sweet smile.  “You're forgiven.”  She patted him lightly on the chest.  “Just don't do it again.”
“Oh, that’ll go well.”  Phil found a broken cookie among the stacks, and popped it into his mouth.  “Speaking of bad choices, Clint says that you’re looking for part time work.”
Steve bit his lip to keep from laughing.  “Right,” he said, trying his best to sound like he was taking this seriously.  He pulled a sweatshirt from the storage bin, giving it a quick shake before holding it out to Tony.  “Here.”
For a long moment, Steve was silent.  “So the hobo van's the backup plan?” he said, and Tony laughed.
Tony leveled a glare at him over the top of his phone.  “Really.  You’re going to send him back to his parents wearing a ‘What Happens in Vegas’ t-shirt.”
“I refused him entry because you asked it of me, and I was also wary of his intentions,” Jarvis said.  “But I would not have had the capability to do so, had you not asked it of me.”
“Go away, Iron Man,” Steve said, and this time, his smile seemed less strained.  He grabbed his shield.  “But don't go far.”
“Done.” Tony rocked his weight back and forth on the balls of his feet, desperate to move and yet unable to bear leaving the room. One of the network suits glared in his direction. Tony ignored him, because, seriously, fuck that guy. He was lucky Tony hadn't stormed the stage and tackled Steve to the ground.
Steve watched her, watched the way her fingers curled into fists and then flattened against her thighs.  Watched the way her fingertips went transparent, fading to nothing when she tried to relax her hands.
“That he has gone to settle the laws,” Fury said.  He took a bite, and chewed carefully before continuing.  “What laws, or where that settlement’s happening, we have no idea.”  He reached for a juice box.  “We’re hoping to get some static off one of our surveillance networks, but magic isn’t usually our wheelhouse.  No idea how long it’ll take even if we-”
"Seen this coming?" Tony asked, bracing his cheek on one hand.  "Wanda'd be upset if you start muscling in on her territory."
“So, we’re buying the Ironette costume, right?” Darcy asked Clint and Tony decided he didn’t want to be here any more.
“This one got close,” Natasha said.  Her fingers flexed in her lap, and she forced them to be still.  “Closer than he should have.   Pepper is...”  She scowled down at the officer, who was now walking along the path towards the garden, his head swiveling from side to side, down at the path and then back up, looking at the house.  “Displeased.”
Tony grinned into his cup.  "Well, never let it be said that I interrupted the educational process," he said.
“Darcy and Wanda were going to buy flower crowns and DJ wanted one, too,” Steve said.  “What’re you-”
“The instructions?” Tony asked.  DJ rolled over to his charging station, picked up a stack of paper, and rolled back.  Tony took it from him.  “Is this three pages?  Single spaced?”  He flipped the top page.  “Double sided?  What the hell is wrong with this cat?  Does it have medical problems?  Is it dying?”
Steve caught his wrist.  “Not in the middle of the damn lawn,” he said, as much for himself as for Tony, because Tony had a way of making him forget things.  Like where they were.  Or who he was.  Or what he was supposed to be doing.
And Steve should’ve been dead a dozen times by now.  A dozen, fifty, a hundred times by now.  He’d stopped waiting for the other shoe to fall.  If it was coming, then by god, let it come.
“We’ll discuss it,” Fury said, his head jerking towards the door.  Heaving a heavy sigh, Tony stood, following him into the hallway.
"It is only a matter of time before one of you falls and breaks something," Tony told Peter.  "And-"
Chuckling, Steve reached for a cup, but stopped, his hand just resting on the pot.  Through the windows, he could see a balcony, a small glass and metal table and a couple of chairs warming in the sunshine between planters of ivy and flowers.  Curious, he moved the draperies, finding the door tucked away behind them.
"If your name was Scott," Tony said, the words very serious, "our portmandeau in the society pages would be Scony."
“Sure, we do entire wedding parties, frat reunions, sorority weekends, workplace gatherings,” Trip said, rattling them off cheerfully.  “Best friends might be the most common, but we don’t judge.  Want to say your vows or brothership slash sistership slash voluntary siblinghood  to your entire office?  We’re down for it.”  She looked up at him.  “Slight upcharge for more than four people at a time, though.”
“As it turns out,” Jan said, stretching one leg up behind her, “the Avengers fall into two categories: either they can dance and they like to dance, or-”
Tony waited until the doors were shut before he reached up, catching Steve's collar with one finger, dragging him down.  “You're surprisingly attractive when you're indignant, you know that?”
Greer shoved the catering menus aside.  “Can we just get takeout?” she asked.  One bare foot was braced on the seat of her chair, her arm braced on her upthrust knee.  Today she had paired her shorts with an oversized, fuzzy green sweater, and occasionally, she would scrunch up into the rolled fabric of the high neck, until only her eyes were visible over the edge.
“I’m getting this!” Happy said, and even Steve could see that he absolutely wasn’t.  Clint, for his part, had a certain lithe grace, an ease of movement that helped cover up his total lack of skill or training.  Steve had no idea what he was doing, but he made it look good.
She shrugged and shoved about another half pound of eggs, potatoes and salsa into her mouth.  “Marhash sheashe,” she managed.
“So.  Lies.”  He heaved a sigh.  “Is there a name on this imaginary tray?  Like, am I going to get punched for helping myself?”
Harris leaned over the caution tape.  “It’s almost like someone-” He stressed the word.  “Notified him where we were and what we were doing, timed so he’d arrive right when he did.”
“Uh-huh, and the rest of us probably wouldn’t be very happy with that,” Steve pointed out.  “So is there anything you’d like to eat for dinner tonight that we haven’t eaten in the last, let’s say…  Five days?”
“Are you fucking with me right now?” Tony asked.  “What are the chances you’d be here, after we saw you last night, and now you’re here, and I don’t think this is a coincidence.”
“Tony-” Pepper said, her voice dire, and Tony headed for the library, because he absolutely did not have a type.
“Luckily, today my usual fee has been severely reduced,” Natasha said, looking over the plates and trays that littered the tabletop and cabinet, a covetous look flicking over her face.  “Chocolate croissant, please.”
Then he leaned over, grabbing the second assailant by the front of the coat, and dragging him back across the street towards the theater.  A boy in an usher uniform jogged out to meet him.  “Are you-”
“Are you-” Clint choked on a laugh.  “Are you trying to leverage this into watching Star Wars?  Despite the fact that you're not supposed to watch Star Wars, and your dad's warned me like, six times, that if I do it again that he'll have me demoted to part time security guard?”
"It's the closest thing we've got to the concept, especially since English doesn't yet have a word for 'stumbled into an opportunity to get married and decided to take it,'" Tony said.  "I'd suggest we call that 'pulling a Stark,' but according to Urban Dictionary, that phrase is already taken for a number of-" He made a face.  "Less savory things."
Steve heaved a sigh.  “Why are you trying to comfort me?” He slanted a look in Sam's direction.  “You have to deal with a lot more of this than I do.”
Carol cracked her knuckles.  “Nope, looking forward to going judo on your ass.  We’re just going to talk about how Greer can woo a gentleman of her choosing at the same time.  Multitasking.” She opened a locker, tossing her towel in.  “Greer, Steve, you want in on some combat training?”
“Don’t give him the phone.”  The woman’s voice again, and it sounded familiar, but the connection wasn’t good enough for Steve to identify it.  “I’d like to live through the day.”
He winced.  "Ah.  Tis true."  To the young woman who was now clinging to his shirt with a deathgrip, he said,  "My apologies.  I was attempting merely to assist, but it appears that I have overstepped."
"Go set the table, Tony," Steve said, and Tony swayed on his feet, wondering how bad it would be if he just leaned forward and kissed him right now.
“For the last time,” Coulson said, drawing Tony’s gaze to the front of the chapel, “this is not Men in Black, and I do not have the ability to wipe your memory.”
“Only because it was between you and the gun,” Bruce said.  “I’d say that Jan could probably patch the hole, but…”
"No, just disappointed that 'jury-rigging tech in a way that's both dangerous and ingenious' doesn't score higher on the list," he told her, setting off another round of laughter.
“Clint is good at many things,” Bobbi said, one elbow braced on the door.  “Subtlety isn’t high on the list.”
Tony opened his mouth.  Closed it. “I’d argue that point, but right now, Pep, you should be pleased I’m not climbing him like a tree.”
DJ grinned at him.  “Yes,” he said, reaching for a towel.  He paused, his fingers hovering in midair.  “Even sheets?”
Tony nodded.  “Our arsonist doesn’t have any secrets to spill.  Let him rot in the nearest jail cell we can find.”  His head ached, and he rubbed his temples, trying to think clearly.  “Stane’s another matter.  He knows too much.”  He stopped, a bitter laugh slipping through his lips.  “I told him too much.”
"Our-" Tony glanced back at Jarvis, his mouth opening for the next word, but he didn't have a chance to manage it.  Jarvis's face was unreadable, his usual calm and expressionless mask, and Tony had a moment's sense of loss, and then Obie was dragging him forward.
“Pack your bags.  You've been reassigned to Stark Manor for the time being.”  O'Brien arched an eyebrow at him.  “Seems someone up there likes you, Rogers.”
“Sure it is,” Rhodey said.  He shifted the bag, squinting into the depths, before coming up with the fattest of the pastries.  He sniffed at it, a look of bliss flickering over his face.  “First one on his back, I guess, but still, this is what he does.  He gets ink.”
“No,” everyone said at the same time, and Carol flipped them off with both hands without even putting down her fork.
“You should be grateful,” Ty said, his voice icy.  “This is as close as you’ll ever get to the University, Ashony.” The word was mocking, in a childish sing-song.  “Father’s just humoring you, and as stupid as you are, I think you know it.”
“Right.  Sure.  Steve.”  He backed out of the kitchen, his head still bobbing in a nod the entire way.
“It’s-” Steve pressed the heels of his hands to his eyes, resisting the urge to swear.  “It isn’t me, Tony.”
“Were sir determined to keep someone here, then…  It would be easy enough to take advantage of that.  To leverage his power to make sure that it would be very difficult, if not impossible, to survive without his patronage.”  Jarvis looked down at his folded hands.  “Instead, he has made sure that no one here will ever have to worry about where their next meal will come from.  They will never again have to take a job that is too dangerous or too painful.  Every one of us has the means to leave his service today, secure in the knowledge that we have choices now that we did not have before.”
Steve did as he was told.  Satisfied, Mrs. Parker headed over to the bed.  “Will you be joining us as well?” she asked Furbro, scratching the cat behind the ear.  “Or will you be keeping the good Officer company tonight?”
"No.  I can be absolutely honest and say I have no idea what the hell is coming out of your mouth right now," Sam said, his voice flat.  "I understand the words, but I still have no idea what you're talking about."  He hooked a thumb towards the door.  "So, what?  You're just going to avoid this whole area?"
“He looks like someone hit him in the face with a cast iron skillet and he needs a shave,” Carol said.  “Rhodey’s doing better.”
DJ’s mouth opened, and closed.   He took a breath, his shoulders twitching.  “Dad?” he whispered back.  “Is he…”
Steve realized he was smiling.  "It really doesn't.  It changes..."  He shook his head, the movement slow.  "It changes nothing."
Chapter warnings:  Big things go smashy smashy.  Just a little canon appropriate violence against robots.  But not robots we like, so it's okay.
“I, uh-  I-”  Tony turned and looked at him.  Peter pointed at Jessica.  “She ate it,” Peter said, and Tony looked at Jessica.  She met his eyes over the top of Peter’s massive burrito, her cheeks puffed out like a hamster’s.
He tottered over to his chair, hefting himself into it with an audible grunt of displeasure.  Next to their forms, he set a mug of tea.  "Now.  Where were we?"  Tony gaped at him, his mouth hanging open, and the officer glanced from him, to Steve, and back.  "Did you drink the coffee?" he asked.
Stark looked at the Stranges, but Rogers was already sliding out of the pew.  “It’s past time, actually,” Stark said, falling into step behind him.  “But we leave together, or we don’t leave at all.”
And you that shall cross from shore to shore years hence are more to me, and more in my meditations, than you might suppose.”
"Mr. Stark is always busy," Jarvis said, glancing back over his shoulder in Steve's direction.  There was a glint in his eye, something bright and amused.  "But he benefits from the occasional interruption."
Tony’s lips twitched.  “That explains so much about the nocturnal movements of this household,” he said.  His hand hovered over the pieces. “Perhaps we just need new mattresses.”
“Great.  Just give the cat some of that,” Danvers said, turning around to face Steve.  “Some supplies are being boxed up and we’ll send a cadet over.  The market’s your best place to find anything else.  If you need to change your coin, head to the central bank, but most of the merchants’ll take foreign money, even if they’re not going to give you the best deal on it.”
“I have a suitcase on the jet,” Tony said, fiddling with his phone.  “DJ?  We can have some stuff waiting for you at the hotel, if you want?”
“I get paid in cookies,” Clint said.  His foot, still covered in webbing, stuck to the floor, and he pried his foot out of his shoe.
“Yeah, and it’s you.”  Steve started to laugh, and Tony caught the front of his shirt in one hand, pulling him towards the door.  “Let’s go.  My safeword is ‘budget.’”
Tony’s head bobbed.  “Do you want to leave?” he asked, and DJ went still.  Tony smiled at him.  “We can.  I came here for you.  I like movies.  I want you to like movies, too.  And if this is-”  He patted the seat next to him, the plush cushion giving easily under his fingers.  “And if this is too much for you right now, than that defeats our purpose for coming here.
T’Challa gave her a look, then turned back to Steve.  “Rumors have been swirling for a while,” he admitted.  “The War Dogs assigned here have…”  His mouth went flat and tight, his eyes going sharp.  “Concerns.”
“Car,” he gritted out, his head swinging in their direction.  His eyes were sharp, his mouth pinched, and he was holding onto DJ like he was afraid someone was going to rip the kid out of his hands.  “Where-”
“Thank you,” he said.  “Seriously, though, Harris, you’re a lot of things.  ‘Ordinary’ doesn’t really cover it.”  Mid-sentence, he held the cup of soda out to Shawn, who took a quick sip.    Drew smiled at him.  “You can have more.”
“That’s a community service,” Bucky said.  “It’s a service.  I provide our community.  Out of the goodness of my heart.  And also because it’s funny.”
A gum wrapper stuck out of the pages of 'Cat's Eye,' and a torn pieces of sketchbook paper marked half a dozen spots in 'American Visions: The Epic History of Art in America.'  The edge of a battered photograph was visible along the top of 'The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark.'
“What are you wearing?” Rhodey asked, and he was laughing, there was laughter in his voice, as if he wasn't seeing the same thing that Steve was, as if Stark wasn't standing there, all but naked.
He'd gotten used to that first wave of flashes, the moment of pure blindness as everyone took that first shot almost simultaneously.  He's gotten used to keeping his face still, his smile bright.  Relaxed.  Amused.
“What happens if it’s different here?” Harris asked, and DJ flinched, a small twitch of his shoulders.  Harris smiled at him.  “I’m not trying to be-”  He stopped, because DJ’s fingers were holding onto the hem of his shirt, his fingers pulling hard on the cloth.  He glanced at Darcy, who shook her head.
"I never knew you could clean up so good,” Seamus said, giving Steve a gap-toothed grin. He made a show of looking around, his thumbs tucked into his pockets. "Where's the dame you're trying to impress?"
“And I don’t trade you for him.  I don’t trade him for you,” Tony said, his voice rising.  “That’s not how this house works. There aren’t people who are worth more.  That is not-”  He stopped, struggling for words, for thoughts.  “You are a child, Peter, you are our child, and your job is to be a child.  Our job, MY job is to keep you safe, and I failed at that, Peter, I failed to keep either of you safe, and that’s on me, just me.
Steve swayed on his feet, not sure why his heart was pounding so hard in his chest.  “What are you…”
It smelled good, spicy and sweet, like oranges or cloves.  His fingers flexed on the cup.  He tried to swallow, but his mouth was dry, or maybe it was his throat.  He was thirsty.  And the tea smelled good.  It smelled familiar, even though he knew it wasn’t.
“He’s always got a get rich quick scheme or two in his pocket, but he knows not to look a gift horse in the mouth.  This place isn’t much, but it’s his foot in the door.  If he gets fired…”  Billy’s voice trailed away, and he shrugged.  “He’ll be starting over from scratch.  For him to be gone this long?”  He shook his head.  “It’s not normal, let’s just put it that way.”
“You interfered with a government operation,” Gyrich said.  His head swung around, pinning each of them in place in turn.  “You all did.”  He turned back to Coulson.  “Where's the Asgardian?”
The door to the kitchen swung open, and Pepper leaned in.  “Here you are,” she said, her voice sharp.
“All of them?” she asked.  He nodded, and she leaned over, kissing his forehead.  “This was a mistake.  Now we’ll have to rearrange the entire solarium again.”
“That just happened nearby,” Shawn said.  “Sure, we helped, but we weren’t really involved.  The explosion on the churro cart, though, that was-”
“I need everyone here to stop interfering with my assistant,” Tony said.  He stood up.  “I’m…  Just going to go…  Do something.”
“Even so,” Jarvis said.  “Even when you were new, without sir, you never quite functioned properly.”
This time, his smile was hard and sharp, lacking any sense of warmth.  “And I get the feeling that day is coming, sooner than I would like.”
“Ah, yes.  Scapegoat.  How could I have forgotten?” Jarvis said.  “We shall lock him in the basement until you have a disaster that he can absorb for you.”
“Ha!” Tony stabbed a finger in her direction.  And he had no idea where to go from there.  “I-”  His eyes darted towards Nebula, who was just sitting at her desk, her head cradled in her hands.  “Ha?”
He blinked.  “I wanted to ask you something, actually.”  He rolled his cup between his hands, his fingers flexing.  “Why you wrote that story.”
"Yes.  I do not think it was a deliberate choice on his part.  He seems most agitated about the situation.”
Laughing, Tony ripped the paper free of the box.  “Right,” he said. “Let’s see, what do we have here?”  He reached into the nest of tissue paper and pulled out a coffee mug.  “‘I’d delegate,’” he read out loud, “‘but the economy would collapse.’”  He grinned.  “Well, that’s rude.”
“We stand here, with Tony and Steve, at the end of two roads, and the beginning of another.  For from here, they will walk together, on a journey shared between them, a road neither could have walked alone, for being with another changes each step you take.  Each step you take is now balanced with the steps of another, taking his needs, his fears, his hopes into account, perhaps more than you might consider your own.”
Steve stared across the studio. Tony was leaning against a console, his arms crossed over his chest, his expression amused. Steve loved him so much it hurt.
“I shouldn’t have to,” Ty said.  He picked up a random piece of machinery, glaring at it.  “Is this mine?”
Here, too, people plied their trade, on a smaller scale.  A cobbler sat on the street in front of his shop door, enjoying the sunshine.  A man walked by at a swift pace, a tray of buns braced on his shoulder.  Small stalls clustered against the buildings, half shaded by heavy cloth awnings that had been built into the walls or held up with wooden poles.  Beneath them, a tailor mended a ripped pair of pants, a tinker perched amongst his wares, and an old lady sat by a large kettle, stirring the contents with a long handled spoon.  A rickety table next to her held stacks of wooden bowls and a loose pile of spoons.  She barely spared him a glance before returning to her work, her head bent over the pot.
“I may have made a mess of things,” he managed, the words breaking with each syllable.  “Jarvis.  I may have…”
Tony leaned back, one foot braced on the leg of the workbench.  Jarvis had a familiar look on his face, and he had work to do.  "I'm not hungry,” he said, trying for a preemptive strike.
“I thought you knew that,” Jarvis said, and Tony’s eyes burned, his fingers catching on Jarvis’ jacket.  He clung, like a child, and he’d be ashamed of that later, later, much later.  For now, he just breathed in, the familiar scent of Jarvis’ coat.
He gave the door to the stove a hard tug, only to have it open effortlessly.  He rocked back on his heels, nearly ending up on his ass.  Steve blinked down at it.  "Did you-"
“Right.”  Tony didn't even look, he just scribbled something like a signature on the page.  “Boring.”
Clea smiled.  “Now, that, I believe.”  She stood, and her skirts fell around her legs in a cascade that was both mesmerizing and seemingly unending.  He watched the hem swirl around her ankles, caught against her skin like whisps of mist.  “I do not have children, Tony.  I am, however, a child who knows, without question, that there is no way back.  Even if I were to find a way to retrace my steps,to return to my family, for the lack of a better word, there is no welcome for me.  There is nothing.”
“No.”  Steve shifted his weight, and Tony never got tired of seeing him blush. “I mean-”  He shook his head.  “No.  You’re cooking.”
Wanda gave them a little wave.  “See you tomorrow,” she said,  heading for the door.  She walked pushed it open, walked out, and disappeared in a shower of red sparks.  Agatha, a step behind her, grumbled something about the mess, and then was gone as well.
Tony stood back and watched as the two of them rapidly filled the table with covered platters and bowls, moving with practiced speed and precision.  Once everything was in place, they stepped back, pushing the carts toward the door.  Tony handed them each a folded bill as they moved past him.  “Thank you,” he said, with a nod, and the waiter paused.
Tony focused on his porridge.  The fact that he’d been ‘going over’ Ty’s classwork for the better part of the last two months was probably the reason for his test scores.  Years ago, he’d just been checking Ty’s work, fixing minor errors or cleaning up his calculations.  Somewhere along the way, though, Ty had stopped giving him completed work, and instead, just gave him the assignments.
“I’ll have you take another look at it before the frost,” Obie said.  He took a long sip of his wine.  “Repaired the shelves in the dairy?”
“You don’t have to.” Nicholas slipped the hat on and adjusted it, pulling the brim low over his face.  “I remember you.  When push comes to shove, you will always do what’s right.  No matter what it costs you.”  He headed for the door, and paused, halfway there.  “And for that, Prince Steven, I am well and truly sorry.”
“A lot of groups you join don’t have an easy escape clause, other than a coffin.” Bobbi’s head swung in the opposite direction, covering the ground he hadn’t.  “Like the Army.”
She huffed out a breath, her shoulders slumping.  “I'm almost certain that's not true, but thank you.”
“You also threaten people with demonic possession,” Clea said.  She sounded amused.  “When your deliveries are late. It’s unbecoming, darling, and honestly, it’s quite dishonest, since you can’t actually do that.”
Tony opened one eye, blinking hard to get his vision to focus.  Yes.  His bedroom, in the penthouse.  The clothes strewn across the floor looked like his and just his.  Nothing was on fire, and-  He leaned over, just far enough to check the trash can left convienently next to the bed.  It was empty.
“Don’t apologize to him, it only reinforces this sort of behavior,” the young man said.  He glanced around Steve, and sighed.  “Let me-  No one should be touching this door without a pair of gloves.”  He leaned in, running a fingertip across the wood.  “Or perhaps a flame of some sort.”
One of Bucky’s shoulders rose and fell in a half-shrug, drawing his worn coat tight.  “Downhill,” he said.  “Where water usually settles.”
“And she'll flex and the next thing you know, you've lost a seam,” Jess said.  Peter darted past her, running full out for the door, and she snagged him by the back of his shirt, dragging him to a stop.  “So...  Up to you, fashionista.”
"You."  The word vibrated in the air.  "Get in here." Tony finally succeeded in throwing Bruce off of him, rolling into a sitting position.  Bruce slumped against the side of the desk, his face pasty white and damp with sweat.  Tony stabbed a finger in Peter's direction.  "NOW."
“He’s not here,” Billy said, snagging Matt by the back of his shirt and swinging him around to aim a joking kick at the seat of the boy’s pants.  “Get back upstairs, no lunch until the beds are made and the floors are scrubbed; just cause Hammer’s not here to yell at us now doesn’t mean he won’t have a lot to say about it when he gets back.”
“I prepped for three times the normal volume, and sold out by one am,” Steve said, his arms curled around Tony’s waist.
But Tony was smiling in his sleep, just a little, those beautiful lips curled up at the corners.  His long, dark lashes were still, one hand resting on the pillow beside his cheek.  His fingers were lax, and Steve found himself fascinated by their almost elegant structure, an anatomical study that he wanted to which he could’ve dedicated dozens of pages, and hours of his time.
“Go take care of him,” Steve said, and he was close behind Tony now, too close.  Tony went to take a step forward and realized his legs were trembling.  He stared down at the floor, struggling to get his breathing back under control.
Steve managed to get the jacket buttoned, ducking his head to hide his smile.  "Jarvis, with me?  'Close enough' is about as fashionable as I'm likely to get."
Steve was upright before he was fully awake, his heart in his throat as his brain tried desperately to catch up with his body.  “What the-”
Steve struggled against a smile.  “My apologies, your Highness.”  She made a face at him, and he lost the fight.  “Is being the crown princess such a struggle?”
Steve laughed.  “I have to work with what I've got, Stark.”  He turned down the heat on the soup pot and wiped his hands on a dish towel.  “Seriously, though.  How're you feeling?”
“Stephen?” Strange looked at Steve, who managed a tight-lipped smile.  “If you have news or not, come back and tell us what’s going on.”
Clint hefted the laundry basket up onto the table.  “Ah,” he said.  “You didn’t budget for Christmas?”
She took it, her cheeks going pink as she buried her face in the velvety petals.  “Thank you, Steve, they're lovely.”
“Because I can barely take care of myself, let alone another…”  Tony scraped a hand over his face.  “I don’t know what I’m talking about,” he admitted.
“Also because it would be very funny,” Jan said, her legs swinging in mid-air.  “But yes.  Mostly to annoy the old prig.”
“You’re lucky you’re amusing,” Moondragon said, idly flipping through a magazine, her booted feet propped on her desk.  “Caiera’s got a client, so as soon as she’s done, we can start.”
“Don’t worry.  He really doesn’t like me, either.” Rogers glanced over the top of the car towards DJ, who was humming away, his hands planted firmly on his ears.  Clint gave them a thumbs up, and Rogers turned back to Iron Man.  “Can I see your face?” he asked, his voice quiet.
“Sure,” Sam said, giving his phone a quick toss in the air.  He caught it and slipped it into his pocket.  “You could.  But you’ve got to come back eventually.”  He flashed a bright grin in Steve’s direction.  “And I’m a very.  Patient.  Man.”
"I knew how to use a microwave and Swiss Miss was good to me," Tony said, and Steve's chest clenched.  Tony glanced up at him, a wry smile on his lips.  "Wipe that look off your face, Rogers, I'm fine."  He reached for his phone.  "I don't get sick."
Tony kissed him, hot and hard, and Steve's hands were on his ass, dragging him in, dragging him up. Tony wrapped his legs around Steve's waist, letting Steve take his weight. Steve barely seemed to notice, and God, but that was hot. “Car,” he mumbled against Steve's mouth. “Going to do dirty, filthy, depraved things to you in the car.”
There was silence. For a long moment, everyone just stared at him. And then Joy said, "I'm sorry, what?"
"Well, pretty much everyone picked the obvious suspect," Natasha said, hooking at thumb in Clint's direction.  Clint stood, and gave a low, sweeping bow, to a mixed response of clapping and boos.  Natasha glared at him.  "Including, despite rules to the contrary, him."
Steve watched them head towards the elevator, bumping off of each other like pinballs in overdrive.  "How're they doing?" he asked, his voice pitched low.
“If I split it with her, I might just be able to,” Harris said.  He straightened his jacket with a twitch of his hands.  “Right.  I’ll be back.”
“You should eat something,” Bruce said, gesturing at the bedside table.  “Jarvis brought up some pastries, if you-”
Not sure how he'd gotten to this point in his life, Steve decided that giving up the jacket, which he'd never wanted to begin with, was the safest course of action.  He wriggled free of it, trying to ignore the pained sounds she made.  “It fit well enough,” he said, handing it over.
"No," all three of them said at once, and he subsided back against the wall, his arms crossed over his chest.
“Excellent manners, you may have two jars.”  Tony reached for another cup of coffee, and she slapped at his hand.  He gave her a hurt look. “It’s going to get cold!”
Others will see the shipping of Manhattan north and west, and the heights of Brooklyn to the south and east,
“God, no,” Steve burst out, and Sam gave him a 'that's right' look.  Steve squeezed his eyes shut.  “I can't believe I showed you.”
“You'd think after this many years, you'd know what sarcasm sounds like.”  Tony snatched a towel from the rack.  “Call Rhodey, please.”
Even as the words were leaving her mouth, Jarvis emerged from the kitchen stairs, Peter right behind him.  Clint leaned forward.  “Oh, this is going to be rich.”
"There's the artist," Jan said.  Her head tipped in Thor direction.  "He'd look good in puce.  Puce, with a dark gold trim, it's on brand. but enough of a change that it would indicate that we are, in fact, dealing with a formal event.  I think-"
Steve stared up at him, trying his best not to notice the sleek, strong lines of his arms and back.  "Mr. Stark, I'd like to take a look at the crime scene."
He had, apparently, uploaded something to YouTube, so…  Less good for him.  He flopped back against the pillows piled on his headboard and nearly screamed as a sharp spike of pain shot through his right shoulder and down the full length of his spine.  Rocking forward, he groped at his shoulder, trying to figure out the sourse of the pain.
Steve blinked at him, his blue eyes dark.  “I like it,” he said, his cheeks pink.  He cleared his throat, and it didn’t seem to help, he still sounded a bit raw when he tried again.  “I mean, I designed it, so of course I like it, it’s not-”  He stopped, and Tony grinned at him.  Steve sighed.  “I love you and you got my truck logo tattooed on your back.”
“Abso-fucking-lutely,” Clint said, peeling the ‘The One And Only’ name tag off of Tony’s jacket and replacing it with one that said ‘Tweedle Dee.’  “Now that that’s been taken care of?”  He looked around.  “Everyone get in the fucking car.”
“And after Jarvis left, Clint gave Natasha money,” Peter said.  DJ pushed at his hands.  “Can I stop-”
“Except us,” Clint said, chewing on the corn dog.  He looked at Tony, who had abandoned his pie, his attention focused on his coffee.  “It’d be easy enough.  We can take the car out.  Vegas is pretty much an island.  It wouldn’t take long to get past the city limits, and then…  There’s a lot of places to find a lot of nothing.”
“Someone's always going to come for you,” Tony said, because repetition was key for them.  For DJ.  For him, too, saying it made it believable, made it true.  “Steve.  Clint.  Bruce, or Phil, or Rhodey.  Pepper or Nat or Agent Nanny.  Thor or Jane, or Darcy.”  He leaned in, catching DJ's eyes.  “Val and Franklin's parents.  Or Fury.  Thor's mom, or Rhodey's mom.”  He reached out, his hand cupping DJ's cheek, coaxing his head up.  “Strange or Logan or-”
Tony said something that was probably obscene, and Steve grinned.  “Right,” he said, pulling his keys from the ignition and slipping them into his pocket.  He pushed the driver's side door open and slid out.  “Stay put.”
Steve looked at Tony’s back, waiting to see if he’d respond.  When he didn’t, Steve nodded.  “Thank you.  We’ll be in touch.”
There was no sign on the wall, or pointing the way.  There was just a row of unnumbered doors in an empty hallway.  Empty except for a single convention staffer, sitting there on a rickety folding chair, more focused on the phone in his hand than anything else that was happening around him.
“Minimize its effect.”  Phil tapped the folder with one fingertip.  “Know what doesn’t minimize the effect, Agent Barton?” Clint opened his mouth and Phil just kept going.  “Taking that incursion, along with a planeful of other people, all of whom are on SHIELD’s ‘absolutely uncontrollable’ list, all the way across the country and expose several thousand people to that incursion.”
He grinned.  “Somehow, I’m not surprised.”  He grabbed the open stool between Clint and Carol, and reached for the teapot.  “So that was my mother,” he said, his voice bright.  “On the phone.  Calling me. At this hour.”
“You told me it was a sexual harassment issue!” Steve didn't know why he felt so betrayed, but he did.  “You said SHIELD HR would get involved!”
Where the ceiling should’ve been, there was simply….  Nothing.  A void.  A lack.  As if whatever had been there had been consumed, been burned away, and there was nothing left, no dark or light, no sky, no sign of the building itself.
“Uh-huh,” Darcy said, drawing that out.  “Right.”  There was some mumbled talking, and Harris’ eyes narrowed.
Long after the door closed behind him, Tony was still staring at his empty glass.  “Yes,” he said at last.  “That’s what I’m afraid of.”
Rhodey raised a hand.  "I could, too.  And I'm more likely to do so." He gave Tony a smile that was almost sympathetic, but there was steel under it.  "Let's not."
“Dr. Banner said you’d be more likely to remember tomorrow,” May said, setting the lid onto the pot of jam.  “Back to bed with you.
Steve felt his face heat.  “I mean, I was only playing with him because he couldn’t sleep.  I don’t care if we, you know, finish the game.”
“I am going out with Rhodey tonight,” Tony said.  He glanced at the clock.  “If he ever decides to show up, that is.”  He reached for the bottle of cleaner and found Pepper staring at him, her coffee cup hanging in mid-air as if she’d forgotten it.  Tony arched an eyebrow at her.  “What?”
“This-” Tony gestured at the kitchen, at the house, at the grounds beyond that.  “This is not your responsibility, Peter.  None of it.  It is mine.  This is my house, these are my people, this is my responsibility, and no one else’s.  It is my fault DJ wasn’t protected.  It is my fault YOU weren’t protected.
Steve’s head fell forward on a choked off laugh.  “No.”  He reached up, his fingers brushing against his lips, and his hand was shaking.  “I don’t think so.”
Steve glanced up to find her smiling at him, her dark eyes crinkled at the corners.  “There we go,” she said, leaning in, as if she was imparting a secret.  “And just like that, this dance just became a lot easier.”
His dad nodded.  “Then I’ll go.  And I’ll come back some other day, when you’re not here, and try to figure out some of this…”  His fingers thumped on the leather cover of a book.  “Magical theory on my own.  Even if this feels like this would make as much sense if I was holding the book upside down as it does now.”
Steve jolted, his body pivoting hard on one heel.  There, just at the head of the stairs, Miss Potts stood, a large ledger cradled in one arm, her other hand trailing lightly over the newel post.  She smiled at Steve, her gleaming copper colored hair loose around her shoulders.  "I'm sorry," she said, her voice soft.  "I didn't mean to startle you."
And if love was a tide, then loving Tony Stark was a rip tide.  Hidden currents and invisible shoals.  He had no control over it, and he still wasn’t sure it wouldn’t kill him.
“Spaaaaace Nazis,” Steve sing-songed, and Tony kicked at his legs.  Laughing, Steve moved out of reach.
It was slow.  Slow enough that he was surprised with it reached his hands, reached his hips, reached his chest.  He was already wet.  Of course he was.  The water had always been there.  Hadn’t it?  When had it gotten so high?  Why hadn’t he noticed when the sting of salt his his lips?  Why hadn’t he retreated long before that happened?
“Of course, sir,” Jarvis said.  “Especially not with me.”  He reached in front of Tony, collecting the plate.  Tony had no idea what had happened to the sandwich that had been on it.  “After all, what would I possibly know about unexpectedly finding oneself charged with the care and keeping of a child?”
There's a bit of a tonal shift mid chapter, and some canon appropriate levels of injury.  Nothing graphic, nothing that will stick around, but we do have a hospital scene and some discussion of pain and fear that comes from being in the hospital when you really, really, REALLY have reason to fear being in the hospital.
“We have to tell Mr. Hammer we love him every day,” Billy said.  “We’re good at kissing-” Steve made a grab for him, and laughing, the boy darted out of reach.  “I love you, Officer Rogers!”
“Got it,” DJ said, and got a thumb's up for his trouble.  His dad slipped out, and he let out a breath he hadn't even known he had been holding.
“Don’t worry, if anyone asks, we’ll tell them you only speak French,” Natasha said.  She looked back over her shoulder.  Jarvis was wiping down the table, the movements brisk and efficient.  “Jarvis?”
Tony took a long sip from his scotch.  Rhodey, used to his stalling tactics, just waited, his hand hanging in the air between them.  Tony gave up. “I might've asked him to move in,” he admitted at last.
Tony took a breath.  “I haven’t figured that out yet.”  Jarvis nodded, and Tony tapped his finger against the side of his glass.  “What do you think I should do?”  It came out more plantative than he’d expected, hollow and empty.  He sounded like a child, and he hated it.  “Never mind.  I know what you think.”
“Okay so it’s usually looks like a fight to the untrained observer, and you’re clearly in that boat, so we’ll leave that alone for now,” Tony said.  “Every time we fight about stuff, DJ, the purpose is to-  To be heard, to be understood.  In the end, it’s a negotiation.”
Fury waved him off.  “I know.  Trying to keep your friend from ending up in jail or deported.  Commendable.”  His eyebrow arched.  “Stupid.  But commendable.”
For some reason, Steve found himself smiling.  “What, are you the only one allowed to have secrets?” He stood.
“We got half of them in place,” Rhodey said, rapping his knuckles against one of the massive wooden panels.  “It’s more than I expected, to be honest.”
“That was shameless flirting,” Hank said, nudging the box away from his work with a twitch of one elbow.  “And how do you figure?”
They'd been caught in profile, the blonde's fingers cradling the brunette's chin.  He was smiling, his body canted forward, his head tipped to the side.  The dark haired man was turned away from him, as if the blonde had caught him off guard.  Beneath the edge of his glittering red mask, his cheeks were flushed, his lips parted.
“He will be dining with my parents that night, and Richard will be receiving a shipment from the docks,” she said.  “The night supervisor never leaves his office, he’ll be working on the books and keeping an eye on the work floor from there.  We can be in and out with what I need in less than fifteen minutes.”
“Because you are a man of many responsibilities,” Edwin Jarvis said, his voice crisp.  He emerged from the closet, a hanger in one hand and a matching tie in the other.
“And risk them trying to steal you?  Fuck that.”  Tony reached for a fork.  “Happy Valentine’s Day.”
“It's six months,” he said, with a lopsided smile.  “I'm trying to think of it as rehab.” He waved his coffee cup through the air.  “A way to make up for my dissipated life.”
“Clea’s been keeping him updated while the two of us-” Stephen gestured at Steve.  “Have been here.  I think that she’ll-”  Strange had magicked a book from somewhere and was bent over it, murmuring in a dark voice over the pages.  Stephen gave him a look.  “I need to…  Handle this.”
DJ looked up at him from behind his plate, which was now a towering pile of whipped cream, chopped nuts, shaved chocolate, and swirls of caramel sauce.  “Waffle,” he said, shaking powdered sugar onto the top.
There was a lantern hanging next to the door, and he set his toolbox down before he reached for it.  There was somewhere else he could go, and suddenly, he wanted to.
“I’d still siit, but judge you while I was doing it,” Stark said, his cheeks creasing in a quick smile.  “And I’d drink both of these while you suffered your way through the sour dregs in your cup.”
Her shoulders flexed in something approaching a shrug.  “I was smart, useful and I kept my mouth shut.  He didn’t have any further interest in me.”
Steve looked down at the chopsticks, held easily between his fingers.  “Oh!”  He snapped the chopsticks at Tony.  “Morita taught me.”  He reached past Tony, sneaking a bit of pork from the rice with ease.  “We all got pretty good at it, except Falsworth.”  He shook his head.  “If he didn't have a proper fork in his left hand and a knife in his right, he was lost.”
Steve ducked his head over his pots, not quite fast enough to hide his smile.  "No, I mean, 'take plates and bring them to that lonely looking kitchen table, and place them in front of chairs so that when I put the food in bowls and bring them to the table, we'll have plates to put that food on,'" he said.  "Which is what most people mean when they say 'set the table,' Stark."
“You're a disaster,” Tony told him.  “And this is me talking.  This is Anthony Stark saying, you are a walking human tire fire.”
“Night,” Steve said.  Other words, words that weren’t his right to say, stuck in his throat, and he managed a smile.  “I’ll be here for breakfast tomorrow.”
Harris knew this was important, but he didn’t know why.  He opened his mouth, tried to speak, and light filled his mouth, filled his throat.
"With Peter," Tony agreed.  "And the SHIELD crews."  He shoved a hand through his hair.  “We've got experts coming in to take over the clean up, but for now, SHIELD needs all the heavy lifters we've got.”  He shook his head.  “I can't deal with this right now, where is he?”
Steve walked forward, trying without success to hear the sound of his own footsteps.  “I’m armed,” he said, his head tipping back.  The vaulted ceiling above them gleamed, light spilling over the white and gold surface.
For an instant, there was silence.  The doctor frowned at him.  “He needs to be monitored, Mr. Stark.”
“I'll talk to you about this tomorrow,” Obie said, and before Tony could get another last word in, he was out the door, shutting it firmly behind him.
His eyes fell shut.  “Pepper?”  His breath left him in a laugh that sounded almost like a sob.  “I'm not okay.”
This felt like a trap.  Tony gave a mental shrug and went for it anyway.  “She's the one currently dating Rhodey, right?”
“I don't, I don't think that's a good idea,” Bruce said.  He made a sideways step, trying to get past Natasha.  She countered him, her face bored.  He stared at her, nonplussed.  “I'm not dancing.  I don't dance.”
She set a finger against the signature line.  “Yes.”  She picked up his pen with her other hand.  “You are.”
“Yeah, well, it was a truly astronomical amount of people,” Pepper said.  “A truly astronomical amount of rich, spoiled, entitled people.”
Tony nodded, already pulling his wallet out of his pocket.  “Enough?” he held up a few bills of the local currency, and pointed at the masks again.
Steve said good-bye, his eyes locked on Tony’s back.  Once Jarvis disconnected the call, he took a deep breath.  “You could’ve been more help there,” he said, his voice mild.
“We don’t appear to be on a one to one ratio of time,” Strange said, his voice quiet.  “It’s…  Earlier there.   But yes.  I’m sure he’s tired.  I’m sure he needs to sleep.”  He held out a hand, and a watch formed in his hand, a glittering chain tracing its way back to his vest pocket.  “I’ll check on him.  Before I go back to work.”
“Not hard to say,” Clint mumbled into his newspaper.  “They’re fucking.”  Bobbi kicked him under the table, and he gave a yelp. “What?  They are.”
"I think you did, too."  Sam's fingers wove together, one index finger tapping against the back of his other hand.  "Wanna talk about this?"
“The holiday party,” Jan agreed.  She rested one delicate hand on top of the papers.  “Everyone’s getting an assignment-” A chorus of groans rose, and she waited for them to subside before she continued.  “Yes, responsibility.  It’s terrible.”
Tony walked towards Bruce, bracing himself on each station as he passed. “Banner.  Buddy.  Time to get some sleep.  Perhaps twenty plus hours of sleep?  I know you’ve been running on fumes for the last few days, and that’s great-” He stopped.  “That’s…  That’s not great, actually.  Rewind.  You’ve been running on fumes, and we appreciate it, but it’s done, we’re done, we made it.”
He could hear his mother talking, high and amused, and he risked peeking through his fingers.  Clint was grinning at him, his eyes dancing.  “Yeah, and Phil was pointing out, it’s still valid, it’s-”  He nodded.  “Not that we’re even talking about that, mind, but-”
Jarvis considered that.  “Yes,” he said at last. Steve looked at him, and Jarvis smiled.  “Was that rude of me?  My apologies, but yes, Officer Rogers.  This is the world we live in, and it is a world that is a great deal easier to navigate with money in your pocket.  Money is freedom.”
2. This ends on a bit of a cliffhanger.  I reiterate my usual promise: This is going to be just fine.  Everyone will be happy.  I promise, i know everyone is full of bad ideas, but I swear.  I have a plan. 8)
Tony grinned.  “Ah.  A family heirloom?” He tipped the watch casing to the light.  “If so, it’s a relatively recent one, this can’t be more than-”  He squinted at it, his dark eyes sparking beneath the line of his brows.  “No makers mark that I can see, but I’m guessing… Fifty years old?  Maybe sixty?”
“I'm a black man married to a white woman, that brings out the special in a lot of assholes,” Luke said, his arms crossed over his chest.
Clint's head tipped to the side.  “He's fine,” he said.  “And you want anything else, you're going to have to talk to him.”  He gave Steve a lopsided smile.  “He's fine.  He's-”  He nodded.  “He's going to be just fine, Steve.”
He opened the book, cradling its slight weight between his palms.  There was piece of paper tucked in the front, a letter folded in neat thirds.  The letterhead identified it as being from the Brooklyn Public Library, and the note on it was written in a neat, precise script.  'Based on the timeframe, reading level and description,' it read, 'I'm fairly certain this is the book you're looking for.  If not, let me know.'  There was no signature, just a smiley face sticker at the bottom right corner.
“Almost done,” Steve said, not that he knew if that was true or not.  But Pym was watching Bucky with a wary eye, his face tense.  “I just needed someone to fix my watch, and I had a spare moment, so I thought-”
“Right,” Pepper said.  She reached into her bag, pulled out a bill and slapped it into Peter’s hand.  “Half now.  Half on delivery of a disaster free night, Peter.”
Steve kissed him.  “Keep it on, if you want, but-” He exhaled against the hollow of Tony’s throat.  “Kale smoothie for breakfast.”
“I mean, I managed not to laugh,” Darcy pointed out, picking up a tray from the stack.  “I think I deserve credit for not laughing.”
“Right,” Clint repeated.  “So.  We're going to stay here and see if being less freaked out helps.  Does that sound okay?”
“I’ll give it my best shot,” Clint said, holding a hand out in her direction.  Laughing, she leaned forward, far enough to slap her palm against hers.  “She’s very tricky.”
By the time he returned with a couple more beers, Steve was laughing, his whole body shaking with the force of it.  There were tears in his eyes, his cheeks pink, and he stared up at Tony, trying to pull himself together.  Tony arched an eyebrow at him.  “I did try to warn you about how bad this is,” he said, and Steve lost it again, a hand clamped over his face, little giggles slipping out from behind his fingers.
“Where did you even get that?” Steve asked, his lips curling. But Tony's breath had already evened out, going slow and deep. Steve heaved a sigh, so happy that he couldn't bring himself to care. “Okay, we're clearly back home, because we're not moving,” he said. “And it's-” He fumbled for his jacket. “Where's my phone?”
There was a long pause, and Steve shrugged out of the robe.  He hung it on the back of the bathroom door and shook out his pants, stepping into them.
“Huh,” Sam said, making sure he had a grip on the cup before he sat back down.  “Because all the times I've hung out by your bedside after you've been injured, you've never once asked to put your head in my lap.”
“Again.” Stark tugged his vest back into place, putting himself back into something approaching order with a couple of quick, easy gestures. “Last time I asked you how I might reach you, you pointed at the window and told me to yell my news at a passing bird.”
Steve opened it just far enough to peer out into the dim depths of the hallway.  Outside, a man was waiting, big and broad, with the shoulders and the nose of a man who'd seen the inside of a boxing ring.  His heavy brown coat and cap had seen better days, but they appeared to have been recently laundered, and his shoes were polished to a high shine,   He wasn't one of Steve's neighbors, but there was something familiar about him.  Steve squinted at him, trying to place his face.  “Can I help you?” he asked, his hand braced on the butt of his pistol.
"Shut up, you corporate shill," Tony said, but he was grinning when he said it, as he rolled onto his back, poking at the phone.  "What kind of hellish blackmail did you-"
“I’m not sure what we’re worried about here,” Tony mused, the words tart.  “Is it his hypothetical parents, or my hypothetical children?”
The kiss tapered away, their mouths parting, separating by an inch, maybe two, still so close that Steve could feel the warmth of Tony's breath on his lips.  From a distance, he heard people applauding, heard the cheers of the people who had become his friends, become his family.
"At this point, I think you're a threat to yourself," Rogers said.  He leaned forward, his blue eyes steady and sharp.  "So are you off to bed, Mr. Stark?"
“I would’ve ended up paying for your divorce somehow, so no,” Phil said.  There was a throbbing behind his temples, and he pinched the bridge of his nose.  “Are we done with this, Clint?  Because, as you see, I’ve got some paperwork to do.”
Steve looked up from his newspaper when he heard the front door open.  “Hey, Deej?” he called.  “Done helping Nat with the plants?  Want some breakfast?”
Tony’s head jerked back up, and DJ was visible again, DJ was coming back down, back towards them, the spec in his vision getting bigger and bigger but the glow was gone, the pale blue of the repulsors wiped free, and it wasn’t the invisibility, because something, he could see SOMETHING-
Rogers smiled, just a little.  “A lot of shrapnel damage for a tiller accident,” he said, his voice soft.
The panic receded, just enough for him to draw a full breath.  He stared at her as she refilled the cup, her grip not quite steady.  But she met his eyes without flinching.  “I promise,” she said, her voice gentle.  “Everyone is fine.  DJ is safe.”  Her hand curled around the back of his neck, her fingers slipping through his hair to cradle his head in her palm.  “Drink.”
Steve took a deep breath.  “Come...  Come here.”  He shifted forward, pushing himself upright, and Tony jumped out of his chair like he'd been launched from it.
"I'm sure the game appreciates your financial responsibility," Steve said, heading back towards the kitchen.  He stepped over the laundry basket and started shoving everything back into it.  A few wrinkles wouldn't hurt anything he owned.
Steve shut it behind him and set the lock just for good measure, then turned to glare at the condom that was lying in the middle of the floor.  “Great,” he muttered under his breath.  “That's classy.”  He picked it up with a sigh.  It was cherry flavored, which seemed all sorts of wrong to Steve, but what did he know?
Tony opened his mouth to object, and Hank’s eyebrows arched.  Tony sighed.  “Fine,” he said, bracing the box on one hip  “He was easy on the eyes.  And with better manners than most of the guard.”
"Right.  That makes sense." As much as any of this could make sense.  Clint rubbed a hand over his eyes, taking a deep breath at the same time.  "Jay?  Why me?"
“Yes, yes, I’ve been properly cowed,” Tony said, waving him off.  “Let me know if we hear from Thor.”
“Ooh, banana.” Stark tucked his hands in his back pockets.  “I want that back, just so you know.  Don't get too attached to it.  I'm expecting it to be waiting for me, with more coffee in it, when I get back.”
“Tell me-”  She stopped, her eyes falling closed as she took a deep breath.  She held up both hands in front of her, spread wide.  “Tony, tell me you didn't-”  She stopped again, and Tony waited, one hand braced on the workbench, one eyebrow arched.
"Well, it appears that assumptions were made about our mode of dress and our participating in the local festivities," Steve mused.  He stacked his hands behind his neck.  "And while I was trying to unravel the situation and get us a room with, you know, two beds, you found the hot tub and decided you were going to live there.  Then proceeded to climb in fully dressed."  Steve paused.  "At that point, moving you seemed like more trouble than it was really worth."
Steve's eyes rolled up towards the ceiling.  “I don't know what to do with that information.”  He grabbed a clean glass from the cabinet and filled it.
Tony watched them go, and when the door shut behind them, he pushed himself up and collected his jacket from the back of his chair.  “If we're about to eat, why bring him something that'll spoil his meal?” he asked Jarvis, shaking the wrinkles out of the fabric.
“Did he tell you where he went yesterday?” she asked, cutting him off with ruthless efficiency.  “After-”  her eyes flicked towards Peter and DJ, and then back to Tony.  “When Happy went back to the theater, he couldn’t find him, did you find out where he went?”
The rim of the shield bit into Steve’s fingers, even through the heavy fabric of its carrying bag.  “But you came for me.”
Bruce tipped Peter’s head up, and Tony’s teeth locked together.  The kid’s face was already swelling up, bruising spreading across his cheek and temple.  He looked miserable, and having dealt with a head injury or two himself, Tony had an idea of just how much Peter’s head hurt right now.
Steve carried him through the penthouse, his bare feet silent on the polished floors.  As he slipped into Tony's bedroom, Jarvis raised the lights without being asked, just enough so Steve could see where he was going.  He moved through the shadowed space, savoring Tony's weight in his arms while he had it.
Jarvis smiled.  “You’d be surprised of what you’re capable of, when you have something you’re determined to protect.”  His head tipped towards Tony.  “Or someone.”
The smart thing to do would be to politely excuse himself.  The expected thing to do would be to simply decline.  The nice thing to do would be to stop teasing Rogers and just answer the damn questions.  What Tony wanted to do was to grab the man by the collar and find out if his lips tasted as good as they looked.
Tony stabbed at the screen, frustration sizzling through him.  Every file.  The same signatures.  "Fuck," he repeated.   And then again, soft, resigned.  “Fuck.”
Steve looked out the window, still on edge.  They turned onto a larger road, and he caught a glimpse of another car following them.  He couldn’t see inside, but he was pretty sure Happy was behind the wheel.  “Yeah, I caught his act.”
He stopped in the doorway, a little surprised to see that Sam and Tony had claimed one of the couches on the far side of the room.  It wasn’t like there was any sort of seating arrangement, but he almost always sat with Tony.
“Good.  Can you stand up?” he asked, offering her a hand.  “Because-”  Above them, something hit the pavement hard, metal on stone, and his heart skipped a beat.   She latched onto his hand with both of hers, and he pulled her up.  “Because I think we should find somewhere more...” He struggled to find a word that wouldn't immediately induce panic.  “Stable.”
Steve reached out with his knife, nudging the edge of DJ's plate.  "Eat something," he said.  DJ studied him over the rim of the cup, his dark eyes steady, and Steve smiled down at him.  "Please."
Tony grinned at her.  “If you're going to be playing in the black market, Pep, better know what brings in the clientele you want.”  He gave a sharp nod.  “And I know just what this clientele will show up for.”
Stephen nodded, light curling around him.  “Then I will be back, in due time.” He took a deep breath, his shoulders rising with the force of it.  “We’ll get him back.  I swear it.”
"It truly is."  Tony could only catch glimpses of it, flashing in and out as he cut between buildings, like an old, slow projector, rolling individual frames of film far, far too slowly.  It was mechanical;  it was clearly some sort of bot, big and bulky and moving with the sort of awkward, heavy tread of something out of an old sci-fi movie from the fifties.  Back when they still thought that the things that came from beyond the stars would be slow and clumsy and dumb.
"Nonsense!"  She threw a hand in the air.  "Jarvis!  Come-"  She stopped, her head swinging from one side of the room to the other.  She propped her hands on her narrow hips. "Where is Jarvis?"
“You missed your calling, you should've been writing headlines during the 1800's,” Jesse said, flopping out on Ellen's bed.  Ellen considered kicking her.  “Article's good, though.”
“Let her go, let her go,” Greer said, shifting her position with her feet on the bench, falling into an easy crouch, her arms braced on her knees.  She grinned up at them.  “Sorry, I dragged him in here.”
Rhodey picked up a few of the records from the rack next to the table.  “They’re Tony’s, so I think it’s safe to say we have nothing but.”
Tony waved a hand through the air.  "Take him away.  Work.  I have work.  You're in the way.  He is definitely in the way, all the tiny little limbs and things, and-"
“You want me to call, or you’ll call when you’re done?” Steve asked, and DJ was always grateful for the way he tried to make things understandable for them both.
DJ licked his spoon clean, savoring the sharp tang of the berries.  “Yes,” he said, because it worried Steve when he didn’t talk.  He never said anything, but he got quiet, too.  And DJ didn’t like the silence very much.
“No,” Iron Man and Rogers said at the same time, and without looking at him, Iron Man held up a hand. Rogers subsided against the car, his arms crossed over his chest.  Iron Man nodded.  “We’re going to discuss things.  Without any meddling kids.”
Sam poked his head out the door, his brows drawn up tight in confusion. “Fire me? How can you fire me, I don't-”
There was a long moment of silence.  “Wow,” Harris said, because he couldn’t seem to come up with anything better to say.
Tony subsided into a chair, letting his head fall into the cradle of his hands. He focused on his breathing, on keeping everything calm and controlled. He could control this.
Tony kicked a chair away from the table.  “Sit down.  Before you fall down.”  He turned in his chair, bracing an arm on the back. “ Lewis!  Breakfast’s getting cold!”
“As I see it, you have two choices.  To blindly uphold unjust laws made by men of no conscience and no compassion, or to pick and choose which laws you will enforce.”  Tony rocked back in his chair.  “Is that the long short of it?  Is that your existence?  To determine, on a knife’s edge, who deserves justice and who doesn’t?  Who is the victim of men with money and power, men who hold your leash and make you do the dirty work of running a city they way they want it to be run, no matter the human cost of their laws and their decisions?”
“You do that,” Aimsbridge said, giving them a little wave with one hand. “And I expect to be the one to interview you on your first anniversary.”
“Get yourself home, it’s late,” Steve said, because he couldn’t quite stop the words.  The boy gave him a look, but still nodded, darting down the street and around the corner.  Steve reached for the passenger side door.  “What hospital?”
“I’m a political prisoner,” Darcy said as she was half marched, half carried, past Tony’s pew and up the aisle. She didn’t sound particularly concerned.  Harris, completely unescorted, trailed behind by a few steps, hands in the air.
“Forever,” the man at the counter grumbled.  One blue eye appeared under the shock of blonde hair to glare in Steve’s direction.  “See him out, Tony.”
DJ sucked in a breath, and then another, giggles shaking his shoulders.  “I’m grounded,” he said, the words choked out between bursts of laughter.
Pepper picked up her coffee cup.  “We can't be held accountable for what they do with it,” she said, her voice quiet.
“Who are you calling?” Tony asked him.  “If it’s Coulson, I’m going to punch him, too, I swear to god, I’m going to punch everyone, he’s twelve and-”
“Go home, Potts,” Tony said, pushing himself upright.  He wobbled on his feet, and Pepper grabbed his elbow.  “Happy Valentine’s Day.”
And there was a dining room table large enough to seat a party or ten or more, which was now covered with far too much breakfast for just him.
Steve gave them both a generous serving of sauce and reached for the Parmesan cheese.  “It's bottled sauce and refrigerated pasta, Stark, it's not really anything special.”
"If I had to guess, I'd say he's downstairs.  Handling dinner preparations for eight," Stark said, his voice sardonic.
The door to the kitchen swung on its hinges, but didn’t open.  Everyone froze.  “Uh.”  The door twitched open again and Bruce peered around the edge.  “I…” He held up a coffee cup, waving it into the kitchen like the white flag that it was.  “Just need tea?”
"Which is weird.  I mean, there's a lot of caped types that I would not mess with, but he doesn't seem the type to break your camera or your knees.  How has he escaped the plague of photo locusts?"
Tony opened his mouth.  Closed it.  “Are you...  Certain?  He looks more like a...”  His voice trailed away, because as it turned out, he had no way to finish that sentence.
“I wouldn’t have gotten caught if you’d warned me about the ‘using me as a distraction’ plan.” Clint tossed a pen at her, and she caught it out of the air with a smirk.
The helmet tipped forward and back, the sunlight smoothing over the polished surface.  “I know you like to be in the driver's seat,” Steve said, and Tony froze, his skin going cold in an instant.  Steve shifted forward in his seat hie eyes locked on Tony's face.  “But trust me.”  His eyes were brilliant, fathomless and a far darker blue than Tony remembered.    “Just this once.”  Steve's hand came up, the helmet dangling from his first two fingers.  “Trust me.”
“Don’t worry, Jarvis knows who’s responsible for all the disasters in this house.  One day,” Tony said, his fingers smoothing along the line of Steve’s jaw, “I should give you a shave.”  He leaned in, his lips tracing the same path, his breath soft against Steve’s skin.  “Though I find myself curious what you’d look like with a beard.”
“Thank you, Jarvis.”  Steve crouched down in front of DJ, dropping his bag down next to his feet.  He reached up, his fingers gentle as he pushed DJ’s hair away from his face.  “I trust you,” he said, his voice soft.  “To stay here.  Where it’s safe.” DJ made a face and Steve let out a soft chuckle.  “Yeah, yeah, but I trust you.  To stay here.”
“He’s downstairs in the kitchen,” Natasha said.  “Helping them prep the last of the cherries for preserving and pies.”
Steve looked up, the voice catching him off guard in the gloom of the hallway.  "Evening, Mrs. O'Malley," he said with a smile.  He tucked his cap under his arm, fumbling in his pile of packages.  "Here.  I've got something for you."
“That’s my bright boy,” his mother said, turning back to the pot.  She filled a second bowl, glancing back at him as she did.  “What did Mrs. Doyle tell you?”
Steve took a step towards the kitchen, then stopped, looking suspiciously in Tony's direction.  “Eli, can you-” He waved a hand towards the couch.  “Keep him out of trouble?”
“What is wrong with you?” Tony asked, just to hear him laugh.    He smiled as he slipped through the door.  “Also.  Just…  So you know.  Pepper thinks Clint’s going to Vegas to propose to Phil.”
There was a beat of silence.  “This is the best day of my LIFE,” Franklin Richards said, his voice shaking with the force of that sentiment.
Stark's head tipped to the side, one eyebrow arching.  "I do believe that's my line," he said, his lips twitching up on one side.  He pushed his hair back from his forehead, his fingers tangling in the strands.  "In that I don't know why you're here?"
"Please don't depend on Reed to tell me anything that doesn't directly relate to his work, your work, or the impending end of the world," Sue said with a faint smile.  "I love the man, but sometimes the little stuff can slip his mind.  And everything qualifies as 'little stuff' to Reed."
“Yep, I got you cream cheese,” Steve said.  DJ wandered past him, and he reached out, ruffling DJ's hair.  “With chives.”
“I neither know nor care,” Tony said.  He lifted the top slice of bread off of the sandwich.  “Is this watercress?”
“I tried to get some Charlie Pride going on here, but no one listens to me,” Luke said.  He scuffed a foot across the floor with a great deal of aplomb.  “Jessica!”
Rogers’ eyes darted to Stark, who shrugged, a wry smile twisting his mouth.  “Guess we’re both grounded,” he said.  He looked at Tony.  “You got one?  Cause if you do, it’s time to give it to the bellhop.”
By the time he pulled into his usual parking spot behind his building, Tony was snoring, soft and gentle.  Steve put the truck in park, bracing his hands on the steering wheel.  He could probably get Tony inside without waking him.  It might be easier, but knowing Tony, he'd wake up at exactly the wrong time.
“No.  I mean.  No.”  She stumbled, but found her balance before he could even turn back towards her.  In the pale light of the glowstick, her face was a sickly green, her eyes huge and luminous.  “No, my parents, they love  me, but...”  Her voice trailed away.
"Temporary insanity."  She did a quick walk around him, her head tipped to the side, then stopped in front of him to adjust his tie, her long fingers sliding over the silk.  Tony tipped his chin up, letting her do it.  “Also, you did my interview at Disneyland.”  She gave his tie a pat.  “You rented out an entire restaurant in Disneyland to try to convince me to take this job.”
Steve grinned.  “Right.  Let me rephrase.  We just had tacos last night, and even though you could probably eat tacos every night this week-”
Coulson was a step behind the newcomer, his face an expressionless mask.  “This is Commander Gyrich,” he said, stating the obvious so that Tony couldn't later claim that he didn't know.
Tony unbuttoned his jeans, his lips curling up in a slow, achingly hot smile.  “Then I'll make it up to you now,” he said, and Steve's brain shut down.
Rogers stared at him.  "Frolicking?" he asked, and there was that smile again, the one he tried not to hide.  But there was laughter in his voice, and creases in his cheeks when he tried to keep his mouth set in a frown.  Tony grinned at him.
The armor’s stealth dropped away, and DJ retracted the helmet.  Harris stared at him, his blue eyes wide and his face pale.  Next to him, Darcy clapped a hand over her mouth, her eyes huge.  “Oh.”  DJ blinked at them, not sure exactly what to say. “This isn’t…  What I meant at all.”
Tony made a face.  “I love you, but that cinnamon roll was the size of my head.  If I finished it, I'd be a lot sicker than I am now.”  He squinted in the general direction of the oven.  “I'd take a slice of bread when it's done, though.”
“Yes, because a screaming child is sure to do wonders for my public image,” he drawled.  Instead, he lowered himself down to sit on the bottom of the staircase, long legs thrown out in front of him on the polished marble floor.  “Want to go look at the cars again?” he offered DJ, his hands braced on either side of his hips.  DJ shifted position, but didn't leave Mrs. Parker's side.  Stark smiled.  “Or...”
“You can break the mirror, if that would make you feel better,” Thor said.  She went still, and he picked up the blender cup and offered it to her.  “I have never liked it.”
"Thank you," DJ said.  He gave up and flopped on the counter, his arms thrown out in front of him.  "You are a good person."
“I'm going to blow you in the bathroom, so let's GO,” Tony said, and Steve choked on whatever it had been that he was about to say.
DJ stared down at his feet, then up at Jarvis.  "One, two, three," he echoed, his body swaying in time with the precision of the beat.
“It’s a confusing concept, to be sure.” Tony grinned, amused despite himself.  “Has he taken a brick to any part of the green house yet?”
Tony burst out laughing.  “Piece of advice from a man who's made a lot of mistakes, Steve?”  His dark eyes danced as he moved close, his body relaxed beneath Steve's hands.  “Never apologize until you have to.”
“The comfort of human touch?” Sam asked.  He braced an elbow on the arm of his chair, leaning his cheek against the cradle of his hand.  “Which, I might add, is something that human beings need in order to maintain mental and physical health, but which we're denied by modern society, by and large.”
“He’s twelve,” Tony said.  Peter opened his mouth and Tony kept going without a hint of shame.  “You’re twelve, I got you to twelve, and then I stopped paying attention to any numbers that happened after that, and do you know why?”
“He will be your spy in the court,” Shuri said.  “I, meanwhile, will be a street urchin, gaining low information in the markets and back alleys.”
Tony spun the chair around so he could fold his arms on the back of it, bracing one foot on the mini sofa that was positioned in front of DJ's bed.  A handful of old toys were piled up there on the cushions, mixed with some discarded clothing and a stack of books.  He reached out, picking up a stuffed bear.  “So.  You've been having nightmares again.”
“Don't-” Steve grabbed for the phone, and Sam backpedaled out of reach, his arms held over his head.  “Sam, don't-”
Steve stared at her. She did her best to look innocent. “I love you, Jan, but I don't trust you as far as I can throw you,” Steve told her.
“If you believe that he has always been fully clothed while in the workshop, I fear that I must provide you with some information which you may find shocking,” Jarvis said.  He sounded tired.  Sam choked on a laugh, and Steve gave him a look.
“Probably the same place he’s been every night since he broke that lock; having his run of the grounds.  Maybe he saw the fire, or maybe he was out there before the fire started.  Either way, he wasn’t here when our intruder walked in.”  Steve sank down to the edge of the bed.  “Here’s what I think happened,” he said, his arms braced on his knees.  “One of the hired guards was approached with an offer.  Probably through a third party, probably someone he already knew, someone he trusted.  Perhaps someone he’d done some odd jobs for before.  Maybe legal, probably not.
Steve choked on his punch, his hand coming up to cover his mouth before he could end up dribbling all the way down his shirt.  “Ah-” he managed.  “That’s a-”  He swallowed.  “That’s a possibility.”
Clint watched him go, and shut the door behind him.  “Well, that was a dent in the pantry,” he said.
Steve’s eyes fell shut, tension bleeding out of his shoulders as Tony’s fingers, slick with soap, slid down the back of his neck, rubbing away the soreness there.  “You don’t have to…”  The words trailed off on an inarticulate sound as Tony’s fingers found a knot of tension at the base of his skull.
T’Challa paused.  “To my dismay, Nakia, our lives appear to be one long string of less than ideal circumstances.”
“He might,” Steve said, taking a seat in the other chair.  “He’s just learning, I have an old set at home.  So he’s hard to predict.”
Tony looked up from his paperwork.  “What can I do for you, Jarvis?”  He handed a contract to Pepper.  “How many more of these do we have?”
She was shaking now, hard enough that he could feel it, her breath coming in rapid, audible pants.  But her voice, when it came, was surprisingly steady.  “I've been better.”
Clint held out a plate to Jarvis, who dropped a few slices of bread on it.  “Oui,” he said, as Jarvis crossed to the coffee grinder.
Tony tossed the blanket on foot of the bed and crawled in next to Steve.  “Have you not been lighting the fire?” he asked, and he didn’t bother to take off Steve’s shirt before he settled back against the headboard.
Because when Tony went more than a month without a visible hookup, the press started asking questions that were awkward for everyone involved.
“Uppity career woman sounds like a great deal of trouble,” Thor mused.  “I should like to date above my station.”
Everyone looked.  The sign, hanging just over the strip, read “Welcome to Las Vegas!” and below that, a scroll of different events and their dates.
DJ looked out the window, squinting into the late afternoon sunlight.  The Sanctum Sanctorum was a familiar sight by now, but he still wasn’t completely used to it.  “Yes.”  He grabbed his bag from the seat next to him, and leaned forward.  “Thank you.”  He tapped his knee, and Furbro, who had been peering out the back window, hopped onto his shoulder and scrambled down into DJ’s sweatshirt.  He wriggled into place, his head peeking out over the top of his zipper.  Grinning, DJ scratched him on the head, and the little lizard arched up into his touch.
“I would, sir, but then your breakfast would go to waste, and we have rules in this household about wasting food.”  The words were accompanied by the rattle of dishes on a tray, a sharp punctuation mark on the sentence.  “The chef was kind enough to make you eggs benedict this morning.”
“Festive eating contest?” Jess tried, and Greer was laughing into her folded arm and Carol was just grinning as she dug through the menu files.
“Ignoring you now.  The main buffet will be set up in the formal dining room, snacks, drinks and desserts will be in the living room,” Jan continued.  “The media room will be set up with a rotation of holiday specials and movies, and Jarvis has the ‘on demand’ requests ready to go.  Please check the floor plan that’s in your packet, and be prepared to move any personal affects out of the ‘splash zone,’ or don’t complain if something ends up being used as a chair which shouldn’t be.”
He paused.  “A personal gift from me, to you, for the insanity you just faced like the fucking pros you all are, and as such, I see no reason to put it down on any government paperwork, if you declare it, you’re an idiot and your coworkers will punch you in the head.”
Rhodey took a bite, and his eyes closed.  For a moment he just stood there, chewing, and then he reached up, covering his mouth with one hand.  “Holy fuck,” he mumbled through his fingers.
“Invite people.”  Tony sniffed cautiously at the test tube, then thrust it in Pepper's direction.  “Does this smell like raspberries to you?”
“I'm your sister, I'm not DJ's sister,” Val pointed out.  “To DJ, I'm just a girl.”  Her foot hit again, a little faster than it had last time, and DJ's head tipped to the side.  “And I get to be friends with him, too, just because you think you're all grown up, doesn't mean I get left behind, Franklin, it's RUDE.”  The word was said with sharp finality.  Rude was bad.  Everyone knew rude was bad.
“I managed to lure him out of the workshop by sabotaging the coffee pot, with the hopes that he would give in and go to bed,” Jarvis said.  He sounded tired.  “However, he made it only as far as the kitchen.”
“Know what?  I’m skipping out the back,” Tony said, “and leaving you with the bill.”  He gathered up the piles of noodles, twisting them into neat knots, ready to be cooked.  He took a step back.  “Well?”
Shiro set a second egg in a bowl and handed it over to Peter.  “But you?  You’re my favorite.” Shiro shifted trays of gyoza onto the racks behind the counter.  “I’d say it’s on the house, but I want him to pay.”
Clint set his knife down.  “When’s the last time they ate?”  he asked.  The boy’s shoulders went straight and tight, his chin coming up, and Clint let out a sigh.  “Right.  Right.”  He reached for a pot on the stove.  “Here’s what we’re going to do.  You’re going to sit, and eat a proper meal.”  He took the lid off, releasing a wave of fragrant, spicy steam, and reached for a ladle.  “And I’ll make up some things for you.”
“No,” Okoye said, her voice taking on a firm edge, but it was too late.  With a sharp cry, Shuri touched her horse’s sides with her heels, barely a brush of her boots, but the mare lunged forward like she’d been shot out of a cannon.
Jarvis looked at Tony, who busied himself with signing whatever paperwork had been left on his desk, whether they needed a signature or not.  Jarvis looked back at Peter.  “You are, of course, the soul of discretion,” he said dryly.  “But perhaps you should go downstairs and assist your aunt in setting the table for dinner.”
Trip leaned back in her chair, bracing one foot on the half open drawer as a slim form slipped past the blonde and into the lobby.  The man in the suit let the door swing shut.  “It’s nice,” he said, his voice encouraging, and the other person, clad in an oversized maroon sweatshirt and jeans, just nodded.
Tony's eyes slid shut.  “Glad one of us thinks so.”  With one last glance back at his sleeping child, he headed for the door.  “Glad someone does.”
“Unlike the police, he never attacked peaceful groups, immigrants and the disenfranchised who’ve found that the American dream is fleeting.  In fact, a few police raids came up empty handed.  The men they were trying to arrest suddenly, and mysteriously, had none of the anarchist literature and fliers they’d been seen handing out.”
"Nonsense about magic and dragons," Stark groused, as Peter popped up to slide a dowel out of his hands.  "That's too heavy."
“She says my Aunt Patricia says you’re a strange, strange man, but she’ll take you up on your offer.”  Rhodey dropped his phone on the counter..  He looked at it.  He looked at Tony.  “What did you say to my aunt, Stark?”
“That and a slice of bread with raspberry jam, and he seemed quite pleased,” Mrs. Parker said.  She had a hand on Peter’s shoulder, and he was leaning into her, just a little, his reedy form seeming to be smaller than Tony remembered.  “We all had a snack, and DJ fed Furbro some bits of cheese.”
The back door opened, and a brown haired teenager, scrawny and awkward, came stumbling in, swaying under the weight of a large wicker basket that he held braced on his shoulder.  “Did we find him?” the boy asked, his cheeks pink and his hair sticking up in all directions.  The basket shifted, and he shuffled forward, trying to rebalance it before he lost his grip.  He blinked at Steve, and tried to smooth his hair down with his free hand.  “Hello, sir.”
He landed on his feet, and he wasn’t at all sure how, but he also wasn’t about to question his luck.  Jerking back upright, ignoring the way his heart was lodged in his throat, he managed a grin up the stairs.  “Think you can outmaneuver me in my own house?” he crowed.  “Think-”
Tony’s head snapped back.  “Wait,” he gasped.  He stared down at Steve, his eyes huge, his pupils blown wide.  “Those flowers.  Those were MY flowers.”
Agatha held up a hand.  “Do you know who laid the curse, for a lack of a better world?” she asked.  “Who laid the spell on him, to begin with?”
Steve blinked slowly into full consciousness.  His head was throbbing, and for a second, he considered rolling back over and putting his pillow over his head.  But whoever was knocking on the door, they were polite, but persistent.  Steve got the feeling that they could outlast him.
Tony sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose.  “He’s….”  His face felt hot, and he pulled away from Jan.  “He’s going to be gone soon, let’s not give him more to gossip about.”
DJ tipped his head to the side, trying to focus on the rest of the room.  Harris was hovering right behind Steve, his face worried.  He was holding a broom.  DJ didn’t really question that.  “I’m-”  He tried to smile.  “Okay.  Am okay, is everyone-”
He flipped it open, thumbing through the pages, his fingers  moving just as fast as his feet.   Something fell out, fluttering behind him, and he didn’t care, he didn’t care about any of it, he knew what he was looking for and that wasn’t it.  Emergency numbers and schedules and staff listings and floor hours.  Contacts with the hotel and the union and the city.  Copies of contracts and permission forms, the rules and lists of places to eat.
He cupped Tony's face in his hands, forcing Tony to meet his eyes.  “I love you, and I got my flu shot.”
“Were you flirting with Sam?” Steve didn’t know where the question came from, but it sure as hell sounded like his voice.
“No,” Harris repeated.  “I’m not discussing reality tv with you.  Especially not anything involving s-t-a-r-k.”
Pepper got there first, handing them over with a flick of her fingers.  “It's not an average day,” she said.  “In that my boss is determined to throw a party and somehow that has become my problem.”
He looked down at the card.  When he tilted it, a holographic gleam rolled across the surface.  “I just might,” he said.
“Right,” he said, a finger sliding under the silk of Steve's tie, his knuckle smoothing against Steve's throat. Steve swallowed, and Tony felt his throat flex. He smiled, slow and hot. “Steve. There is nothing you can say or do to convince Happy that we didn't have sex back here. He'll humor you, he'll nod and smile and say of course he believes you.”
“Maybe not,” Harris said.  He dropped the spoon back into the empty soup cup and set it back on the tray.  “But it’s hard.”  He looked up.  “When you feel like you have no control.  And maybe the bus isn’t control, but it’s at least it’s something you choose.”’
"To his dismay, yes."  Miss Potts glanced at Steve, a slight smile curving her lips.  "Officer Rogers, this is James Rhodes."
Tony made a grab for it, missed and ended up sprawled half on top of Steve.  “I’m really not,” he said, and Steve choked on a laugh.  Tony pushed himself up, his hands braced on Steve’s chest.  “Oh, do you find this funny?” he asked, his lips twitching.
“It was one time,” Stephen said, as Clea snapped the book shut and dropped it.  Without looking, he snapped his fingers, and the volume slowed, pivoting gently through the air to land, already open to the proper page, in the palm of his hand.  He frowned down at it.  “Do we even have access to the heart of a slain demon lord?  Or fresh cherries?”
“I'll let them get a few questions in, and then I'll cut them off,” she said.  “If I try to head it off now, it'll just get out of hand.”  She leaned against the wall next to him, her arms crossed over her chest.  “Marcy knows what she's doing.  If it gets out of hand, she'll handle it.”
"Why would you possibly take that job?" Tony asked her.  "In all seriousness.  What was wrong with your life at the moment that you decided to accept my offer of employment?"
Tony realized he’d grabbed the front of Steve’s shirt at some point, even though he didn’t know when, and he couldn’t manage to let go.  He wanted to cling, to hold on with all his strength.  “This is my fault,” he said, his voice shaking.  “If anything happens to him, to you-”
“Fuck you, I did an amazing job,” Nebula said, throwing herself back into her desk chair.  It took the impact like a champ, the wood creaking like a ship caught in a storm.  “And even more important, I refused to put it where you wanted me to put it last night.”
“Yours tastes better,” Tony said, popping it into his mouth with a smirk.  Steve held the salad out to him, an affectionate smile on his face, and Tony took it.  “We going to make this a thing?”
“No, I took his blood, and then, uh, then he said he wanted to shoot someone and none of us were good candidates, so, if we wanted him, he’d be up on the roof looking for a target,” Bruce said.
DJ nodded, and Tony steered Obie back towards the staircase.  “Pepper’s got everything ready for you,” he said.  Obie gave him an amused look, and Tony threw an arm around his shoulders.  “I have every confidence in Pepper.”
“Uh-huh.”  Tony dropped down on the bed next to him, one arm thrown over his eyes.  “So.  When did you get here?”
When he was distracted with the wine, Tony reached over, spearing one of the tortellini off of his plate.  Steve didn't even look in his direction, just swatted at his hand.  “Eat your own, Mister.”
Clint covered the phone with one hand.  “I’m working here,” he said, and went back.  “Of course he’s not going to say yes, Pepper, have you met me?  But-” He hopped over the back of the couch, avoiding Tony’s grasping hands and knocking throw pillows in all directions.  “Yeah.  Yeah, right.  Nothing ventured, nothing gained, that’s a good one.  I go with ‘fuck it, what’s the worst that can happen?’”
“Uh, have we considered what we're going to do if this one is, uh, you know...”  Bruce paused, then looked up at them.  “Competent?”
“Thank you,” Steve said, pulling a few bills from his wallet.  A condom came with them, fluttering to the floor between them, and Steve pretended that didn't happen.  The waiter, clearly used to such things, took the tip with a smooth, professional smile, and headed for the door.
Tony grinned.  “Yeah, Fury must be discussing this with a great deal of enthusiasm,” he said, because he'd been on the other side of that discussion more than once.  “Gyrich, what is it after?”
“This might require us to contact the police,” Steve pointed out.  “We can’t keep them there indefinitely.”
“It’s hard enough that when we get a break, the best thing I can think of to do is to go down to the public cafeteria and wipe down tables, because at least then I feel like I’m doing something of some worth and I’m also not going to say anything I’m going to regret.”  He took a breath.  “And I know I’m going to regret it, Isaiah.”
Tony turned his attention to someone who was waving a recorder in his direction, barely noticing as Steve was handed one softball question after another.  Until, suddenly, "Captain Rogers, aren't  you concerned about the possibility of cheating?"
Isaiah watched her go and held up his cup.  “If we are mark'd to die, we are enough To do our country loss; and if to live,  The fewer men, the greater share of honor.”
DJ swung low, the armor catching the headlights of the car as he skimmed along the ground, so close that the sand kicked up in a rising wave in his wake.  He did a wide loop around the car, and shot back into the air, repulsors burning bright in the cradle of his palms.  A beat behind him, the hot air from the repulsors swept over Tony, and his hands twitched, muscle memory from his own armor taking over.
Steve’s eyes opened, and Tony was smiling down at him, backlit by Christmas lights.  His hair was disordered, his tie long gone, and his vest hung open over his shirt.  He looked tired and rumpled and perfect, and Steve loved him so much he ached.
Clint had somehow known just where to find this costume shop, a dusty, extensive warehouse of a building packed from wall to wall and floor to ceiling with costumes in every shape and size.  Cheap kids’ Halloween costumes were piled up in boxes next to ornate, theatrical costumes.  Ball gowns tumbled over poorly organized racks next to bins of plastic swords and foam scythes for all your reaping needs.  There were glass cases of sparkling costume jewelry and stacks of cardboard crowns painted in flaking gold paint.  Thigh high platform boots of buttery soft leather sat heel to heel with cheap clown shoes and wooden sandals.
Clint winced.  "Right," he said, reaching up to mute the unit with fingers that were surprisingly steady.  "So.  I'm fucked."
Bucky didn’t even spare him a glance, his eyes glued on the horizon.  “We all right?” he asked, his hair fluttering against his face with each step his horse took.
Tony bridged the space between them, taking the piece from his hand.  “Even I can rebel once or twice a decade,” he said.  He considered glossy black surface of the rook, his thumb sweeping along the clean lines.  “I don’t know what I’m doing.  Not yet.”
The creature arched up into his palm, rubbing the elegant curve of its skull against Harris’ fingertips.  Darcy watched, her chin propped on one hand, her champagne held carelessly in her other hand, as Harris smoothed a hand over the creature’s back.  “So what happens when he stops petting the Ancient One?”
He leaned forward, meeting her eyes.  “Doesn’t matter the gender, the seniority on the team, or their powers.  If someone starts to feel uncomfortable or unsafe, that’s not acceptable.  Understood?”
“Help, help,” Tony said, absolutely deadpan.  “I'm being kidnapped.”  His head lolled to the side.  “Oh.  Won't anyone save me?”
Steve subsided, his shoulders tight.  “Yes.  Yes, I do.”  Around the table, everyone was silent, and Steve took a deep breath.  “So.  How do we stop them?”
“Shouldn’t you be more disapproving of my deviant lifestyle?” Tony asked, and Jarvis went still.  He looked over, a mocking smile on his face.  “Shouldn’t you be glad that he’s gone?”  His cheeks ached, and he held the smile with a force of will.  “Just like I am?”
She arched an eyebrow at him.  “Do you think I would've come down here and said we couldn't do anything unless I'd already confirmed that with legal?” she asked, her voice tart, and Tony caught himself smiling.
“Why is that even an option?” Tony asked, and Iron Man’s head rolled in his direction.  For a moment he was stunned by the reflection of his own face in the faceplate of the helmet.  Shaking off the disconcerting feeing of deja vu, he forced his words out through gritted teeth.  “Why would you even give him the option to DROP the ARMOR in midflight?”
For an instant, he needed the taste of Tony’s lips more than he needed to breathe, and damn the consequences.  For an instant, he lost his mind, he lost his grip on reality, and Tony’s eyes were fluttering closed, his lips parting as he sucked in a breath.
DJ looked at Tony, confusion written all over his face.  Tony smiled over the rim of his cup. “Jarvis says hi,” he translated.
“Don’t know what you mean,” Tony said.  He took a sip of water.  “Your father hasn’t found a way for me to take your tests.”  He paused.  “Yet.  But I suppose necessity is the mother of invention, so-”
“Right, and now that you and I have come to an understanding, I need to have a word with Steve,” Iron Man said, “so, go over there, cover your ears, and hum.”
Steve tossed the logs into the pile.  “Someone’s gotta cut all this , you know, for you to waste it like this.”
“And I’ll get it, once I’ve talked to a few others.” Strange glanced from one to the other, and there was strain on his face, the lines beside his eyes and bracketing his mouth carved deep.  “They’re expecting me, and any further delay…”
Steve looked back at Jan.  “Seventy?” he said, and Jan nodded, her teeth digging into her lower lip.
“Next time I give you an order, Mr. Stark,” he bit out, setting a foot on the stairs with brutal intent, “I goddamn expect you to follow it.”
He reached out, his fingers brushing DJ’s hair away from his eyes.  “Except when it’s you.”  He smiled.  “I want to understand you, and this-” He leaned back in his chair, gesturing at the table.  “I thought, maybe this would help.”
The feed flickered, and came back after a moment of all-encompassing darkness.  When it did, the visual shook, as if the camera recording it was shaking in its housing.  What was left of the lobby's windows collapsed, glass crashing to the ground as a huge, misshapen shape of a robot pushed its way in.
Steve closed the gap, and the kiss was exactly what Tony needed.  “Now,” Steve breathed against Tony’s mouth, “what’s this I hear about a wedding?”
“True, I do love your mother almost as much as my own,” she mused, and he fought a losing battle to keep a straight face.  Nakia crossed her arms over her chest, the reins dangling from her fingers.  “But if you’ll excuse me, your majesty, I’m negotiating here.”
Laughing, Shuri held the shield out to Steve, and he took it.  “Be careful,” she said with a nod, and headed off after Okoye.  “And I will see you in the market.”.
“Hey, hey, no.  No, Steve.  No, it’s not-  It’s not formal, it’s a holiday party, nobody’s coming in a tux.” Sam huffed out a breath.  “Why are you-”
His voice trailed away, and Steve nodded.  “We appreciate it.”  He straightened up, picking up the envelope from the workbench.  “But if you could see DJ first?  We have a letter for him.”
Tony leaned back on his stool.  “The paper was sound,” he said, almost bored by this.  “Did you even bother to read it before you passed it in?”
“Or because it’s, you know, super illegal?” Haris said to her.  “Because it is.  It would be super illegal.  And it’s a casino, Darce.  I’m pretty sure they don’t draw a line between ‘got into our systems to make the fountains go’ and ‘got into our systems to siphon all our money.’”
“Library,” Clea said, her voice gentle, and DJ looked back at her.  She smiled, and he felt his heartbeat slow down.  “You’ll be just fine, DJ.  I promise.”
“Knock knock,” he said, pushing the door open.  “I own the place.  So if you're having sex or taking a nap-”  He shrugged.  “Hide.  Or don't. I don't care.”  He glanced around.  “Actually, given the state of this place?  Hiding might be a good idea.”
His hand seemed to move against his will, his fingers closing on the edge of the tablet.  Behind him, Steve shifted.  "Pepper?" he asked, and Pepper's eyes darted in his direction.  But she didn't say a word.
“I cannot imagine that’s the case, sir.” Jarvis picked up the pencils DJ had been using, setting them in their box.  Someone had written DJ’s name on it.  Tony considered the handwriting.  It looked rather like his.
Steve looked up, and Tony was grinning at him, his eyes brilliant in the hollows of his masks.  “What do you think?” he asked, giving Tony a lopsided smile.  “Can I pull it off?”
Tony braced a hand on the table.  “I blame you,” he said, propping his other hand on his hip.  “I'm charming.  You just-” He waved in Steve's general direction.  “Loom.”
“And yet, somehow, they like you.” Jarvis took him by the shoulders, turning him towards the door.  “Now, sir, if you'd care to-”
Looking at him hurt in a way that Steve didn't really want to think about, and he scraped a hand over his face.  “Jarvis?”
Rhodey smiled.  “During the middle of winter, when the snow’s piling up on the skylights and day lasts about three and a half minutes before it’s dark again?  Let me tell you, during January?” His head tipped back his eyes falling shut. “It’s something else.”
Someone, probably Peter, nudged the camera up until Tony’s face could be seen again.  “You build a dish around something and then just, you know, take it out, then fuck you, it’s going to be bad.  And what that says is that you want this person’s money, but you consider them an annoyance.  The same fuckers who are pitching diva hissy fits about someone asking to have the sauce on the side, or asking for an alteration in the spice level, and I see that, I see that behavior and you should be ashamed, I’m ashamed for you and I’m over here on the other side of the room pretending I don’t know you, Jesus, I really wish I didn’t because you’re insufferable, goddaaaaaaaaamn.”
Jess leaned her chair back on two legs, her toes ghosting against the floor.  “Aren't you the press?  Technically?”
“No,” Tony said.  “I don’t want them, and I don’t need them, and I won’t have them.”  He took a seat, leaning back with a sigh. “Why are we still discussing this?”
“Go to sleep,” Steve whispered back.  He waited, quiet and still, as Tony slipped back into the embrace of sleep.  His body relaxed by stages, the tension going out of his shoulders, out of his arms and legs.  The tension went out of his face last, his eyelashes fluttering against his cheeks and his lips going lax.  The sun was fully up now, the golden light of dawn sliding over his skin, gilding him, making him look like the renaissance paintings that had so enthralled Steve as a child.
"Possibly, you're untrustworthy," she pointed out, and now he was laughing out loud.  Smiling, Miss Potts looked back at Steve.  "What, exactly, are your objections, Officer Rogers?"
She chewed on the eraser of her pencil, her attention still focused on her calculations.  "Then put them down."  She looked up.  "Marjorie!  What's our stock of black barathea?"
“Right,” Steve said, reaching for the coffee pot.  “Your last job.  Your last…  Job as what, exactly?”
“He was born to fly,” Rogers said, with the sureness that Tony could almost envy.  “All Tony did was give him his first pair of wings.  He could’ve withheld them, of course he could’ve.  But eventually?”  He looked up, his head tracing DJ’s flightpath.
DJ made a face, and Tony laughed.  “Right.  Not…  Not the best time to see New York for the first time.  Everything is cold and grey, and if it’s not already dead, it’s in the process of dying, and that might actually be even more depressing.”  He shifted on the floor, his polished shoe pushing against the marble floor.  “She left a place that was vibrant and bright and warm and alive, and came to a November New York.”
Ellen grabbed her arms.  “I love you,” she said, and she meant it, more than she'd ever meant anything she'd ever said in her life.
Tony’s eyebrows arched.  “I didn’t say you were going to adopt him.  I said, you were going to keep him.” His head went down as he straightened his vest.  “Weren’t you.”
He collected the tray.  “Roger's good enough, and they know it, Miss.  If you need to trust a copper, well, you can't do better."  He peered at her cup.  "Can I get you more tea?"
To his surprise, something like a blush rose on Tony's cheeks.  He turned away, reaching for his champagne glass.  “Of course I will,” he said, before draining his glass.  “I-”  He looked up, his smile steady and warm.  “Yes.  Thank you, Steve.”
“Get it changed,” Steve said, opening a window with care.  It stuck, the wood warped from moisture and disuse, but he was able to budget it without breaking it.  “Understood.”
"Thank you," she said.  Then, "Or, you're welcome?  It's-  It's nothing?"  She looked helplessly at Jane, who was draped in half a dozen bolts of jewel toned cloth.  "Help me?"
DJ stared at the dark ceiling of the hotel room.   If Jarvis was here, he’d probably say that DJ should spend less time arguing semantics with an inanimate object and more time coping with the situation as it existed.  Which, DJ liked to tell him, was easier said than done.  Except Jarvis would say that he did it all the time and that DJ was just making things difficult for himself.
Steve's eyes narrowed.  “It does,” he agreed.  “And I appreciate that you were there to help him.”  His eyebrows arched.  “But something's going on right now, and I'd like to know what.”
He squeezed his eyes shut.  “Pull it together, Rogers,” he muttered under his breath, the words coming like a chant, right in line with the pounding of his feet.  Maybe he just needed to come up with a rhyme scheme to focus on.  It'd worked for him in the army.  Or maybe it had just been that he was so busy trying not to die of an asthma attack to think about anything else.
Laughing, Tony let himself fall into step with everyone else, doubt washing away.  For now, it was enough.  It was all he needed.
“I was always an iconoclast,” Tony said, selecting a bottle.  “And I’m doing what you won’t do on your own: make you relax for at least ten minutes.” He poured shampoo into the hollow of his palm.  “Come here.”
They were all there, the whole household, and Steve didn't know how he'd forgotten that, how he'd let himself forget that everyone was watching him, everyone was there and judging him and at any moment, the laughter would start, and he braced himself for that, hating himself for caring what they thought.  What Stark thought.  Because it didn't matter.  It wouldn't matter.
“I have one of my own at home and more research to do, so I will leave this one for you and Dr. Banner.”  She looked towards the elevator.  “Is it all right if I just leave?  Without walking out the door?”
“I mean, if you show up with one, I’m not going to say no, even if it doesn’t quite match your cummerbund,” Sam said, and he was laughing, Steve could tell he was laughing.
“Cranberry,” Tony said.  He tipped the test tube to the side, watching the gel coat the inside of the test tube.  “Maybe less ghost pepper...”
Clint crouched down in front of him.  “Are you in pain?” he asked, peeking under the blanket hood.  “Does anything hurt?”
“No,” she said.  “Those are old stories, of an old land.  The fairies are long gone, my darling boy, like the ancient woods and deep, dark places they hid.  There’s nothing like that here.”  She picked up her teacup.  “Still.”
“That’s why I do it,” Jan said, still hugging his arm.  She sniffled, and, with a sigh, Tony pulled a handkerchief from his vest pocket.  She took it,  dabbing at her eyes with a dainty touch.  “You’re a cad, Anthony Edward Stark.  A horrible cad.”
"Why do I talk to you?" Steve asked, and it was okay.  It was okay.  For the first time in what felt like forever, he was pretty sure that he was okay.  Or that he was going to be okay.  He sucked in a breath, and another, and it no longer burned, the sharp, cutting burn of the ice.  "Why do I-"
“Rack,” Tony agreed, putting drill bits away into their case.  “A place for everything, and everything in its place, as my father used to say.”  DJ popped up next to him, and Tony handed him an oil can.  “Is Mrs. Parker going to find that nut still in your pocket when she takes your pants to wash them?”
“You're going to bartend,” Jessica told Luke.  “Because someone will start making a drink that hurts your soul, and you will physically toss them out from behind the bar and take over.”
“He was a bit worried when  you didn’t show up for dinner,” Tony said.  He pushed the chair back, standing up with a slight groan.  He braced his hands on the small of his back, arching backwards.  “Remind me to have that chair burned.”
“I knew you were going to be trouble, all those years ago.  I told Abe, I told him, that boy's got no patience.”  There was a clatter of pans and oven doors, and the beeping cut out.  “I took one look at you, Rogers, and I knew.  No patience, and I told Abe just that.”
She swatted him again.  "Bad dad," she said, and the look he gave her was so incensed that it was hard to keep from laughing.  She folded her arms over her chest, idly swinging the magazine against her shoulder.  “He needs other children, Tony.”
Jan pinched the bridge of her nose.  “Only you could object to getting a custom designed couture dress,” she said.
Tony winced.  Pepper swearing was not a good sign.  “It's not that big of a deal, it's not like we really got-”
DJ snatched his hand back, the tea cup slipping from lax fingers.  He watched, pulse pounding in his ears, as it hit the ground and rolled, the tea spilling across the carpet.
“I don't, and I'm still comfortable with my 'no,'” Steve said.  He took the cup out of Tony's hand, stealing a sip of it before Tony could get it back.  His eyebrows arched.  “How drunk are you right now?”
Jarvis cleared his throat, and Steve realized he was staring, something uncomfortably like lust curling low in his stomach.  Jarvis shut the door.  "Sir, you have a guest."
“Hey, right now, you take the jobs you can get,” Happy said, opening the driver’s side door on the car.  “Do your best to hold onto both of ‘em this time.”
“Or like he’s writing papers for classes he’s not attending,” Tony said, his voice taking on an edge.  “And has nothing to go on other than your notes.  For whatever they’re worth.”  He saluted Ty with his cup.  “And trust me.  They’re not worth much.”
Tony gave him a look.  Jarvis smiled, unconcerned.  “Well, consider it over,” Tony said, his voice sharp.  “For now.  Until our guest decides he has further opinions on how this household ought to run.” He turned towards the main staircase.  “I expect it’ll be roughly around dusk when that happens.”
“Think I'm dying,” Tony said, and Steve leaned over to press a kiss to his head.  Tony tried to fend him off with one hand.  “Get off, Rogers, I'm filthy.”
Peter blinked at him, almost vibrating with leashed energy.  “I think we should,” he said.  Tony made to step past him, and Peter matched him, step by step.  “I think it’s a good idea.”
Steve came jogging down the stairs, shaking his head the entire way. “Apparently he can,” he said.  He sounded incredulous, but Tony could hear the amusement under the words.  He gave Tony a look.  “Are you out of your mind?”
Steve grinned.  “A DJ crisis.  Gotcha.”  He left his hat and the half-full bag of groceries on the counter and headed for the door.  “Where is he?”
DJ stood just outside his bedroom door, clad in a wrinkled gray t-shirt emblazoned with the MIT logo and an unzipped red hoodie that fell awkwardly around his shoulders and hips.  He shifted his weight, working his feet deeper into his sneakers, and shifted his backpack a little higher on his back.  One hand wrapped around the strap, the other held a reusable Dunkin Donuts travel cup.
“Because he's going to have to sign the paperwork for DJ,” Tony said, and Steve paused. Tony looked at him, his face unreadable. “Won't he?”
“She does deserve credit for that,” Drew said, his tray braced on one hip.  He took a sip of his soda, his eyes wide over his pursed lips.  “And I deserve credit for not snorting soda out my nose.”
“I mean, no one asked for a photo or an autograph, if that’s what you’re asking.  I tipped a fifty, so if it does show up in the tabloids, you can hold your head up.”  Stark took a sip from his cup, his gaze locked on the windshield.  “You going to let us do this?” he asked, his voice quiet.
The couch was facing away from him, and all he could see of the occupant was the blond head, leaning against the back.  DJ paused in the hallway, his hand flat on the wall, his heart in his throat.  “Steve?”
Clint managed to snag it out of her hand right as his phone started to ring.  Ignoring her howls, he fished it out of his pocket.  “No,” he said, fending her off with his elbow.  “No, give up with dignity, I-” He looked down at the phone and stilled.
“You're kidding.”  Bruce blinked up at them, his eyes wide behind the lenses of his glasses.  “What-”  His voice trailed away.  “Why?”
“Could I stop you?” Tony asked.  His head hurt and every time he shifted in his seat, his stomach rolled over.  He probably didn’t need any more coffee.  He took another sip anyway, and focused on keeping his voice steady. “Short of a gun to the head?”
