Sam heaves himself up out of bed, unfolding all eleven feet of his mutant body and smirking. “I’ll do it. Go get me hash browns and I’ll shut up about you being into Cas’s boobs.”
A monster, Dean decides, he’s a monster - no, actually, worse than a monster, because he considers it for a second. It
Under the riot of noise and the flashes of light, Dean hears Cas let out a pained cry, and he falls to his knees as Bobby and Sam finish, yelling over the clamor: “
“Listen to me,” Dean grates out, trying not to look while Cas walks around the room in only a t-shirt and Dean's sweatpants, rolled up two or three times. “You have to wear a bra.”
His hips roll upwards as he imagines what would happen if Cas heard him and came back right now - would he just want to watch? Or maybe he’d climb onto the bed and kneel between Dean’s thighs, spreading them as wide as he wanted to, his unbelievable eyes piercing as he reaches out to touch, curious and uninhibited. He’d trail his fingertips down Dean’s belly and to his cock, dip them into the precome beading at the tip, bring them to his lips -
town, but the county, probably, there’d be men and women who were smarter, more successful, more stable, hotter, and less likely to ruin Cas even more than he already has been.
Furious and confused and thinking of Dad in a burst of sudden, aching hot flash of grief, because Sam dragged fucking
“Fine!” Dean snaps. He gets up and snatches his wallet and keys off the table. “I’ll get drive-through, you deal with RuPaul.”
The noise peaks, and the holy fire rises and rises, burning almost to the ceiling until a thunderous crack splits the air. A ringing silence falls. Papers disturbed by the wind float to the ground, and the holy fire recedes. The ash settles in the air like shimmering gold dust motes, wafting harmlessly.
He doesn’t need to see anything - Cas’s whole body tenses under him for a second and then he digs his knees into Dean’s ribs. “Do it,” he says, voice shredded in his throat, “Fuck me, Dean, come on -”
“No,” Dean lunges for him, “Cas!” but he’s gone, nothing would suggest he’d even been in the room except that the cheesecloth curtains behind where he was standing ripple a little in the displaced air.
Cas is warm and solid against his side, with his ankle folded over Dean's, his blue eyes searching, “Then what would? I really wouldn’t mind staying this way, if you would be amenable to -“
“Perhaps it would be easier for you if I stayed in this body,” Cas offers, low and reassuring. He’s so close that Dean can see the hundreds of dainty freckles on the bridge of his nose and his cheeks, “Sam helped me to understand that homosexuality makes you uncomfortable.”
Cas like this, wrecked and horny and desperate and getting all over him, grabbing two handfuls of Dean’s ass and squeezing tightly, groaning husky and ragged about it into Dean’s neck. Every single cell in his whole body is alive and humming with need, he’d climb inside Cas if he could.
Cas can’t catch his breath, but there’s fire in his eyes as he drags his fingers through his own spunk puddled wetly on Dean’s belly and smears it into Dean’s open gasping mouth, pushing it onto his lips and tongue, slick and filthy. Bliss crashes over him like a wave and he comes with his eyes squeezed shut, swallowing around Cas’s fingers, grinding upwards into the hot clutch of his ass, Cas just taking it with a euphoric look on his face, and begging for more.
Dean explodes: “For the last time, I am not doing anything with Cas! Which is the goddamn problem here!”
apocalypse -” Dean explains, because he’s sorely tempted to bully his own brother, “- the bathroom here, I mean. Some guy told me earlier I’d wind up cleaner if I pissed into my own hands.”
“I didn’t throw it, Dean did,” Cas says, nobly. It’s a crying shame that for once in his life there’s no bottomless pit opening up for Dean to jump into and disappear.
"You cold?" Dean whispers, leaning his forehead against Cas's. Cas shakes his head. His eyes are wild and eager, searching Dean's face, darting up and down to his lips. "I need you to understand that I might not - after - when you're -"
He manoeuvres them both to the unmade bed, gets them down onto it without anyone getting an elbow anywhere unpleasant even though Cas won’t let go of him. He bends down briefly to snag Cas’s t-shirt off the floor and pull it down over his head - the less skin touching, the better. They fold together like jigsaw pieces, face to face sharing one pillow, their breathing slowing down in time.
“Dean,” Cas insists, and it’s like he’s coming untethered in Dean’s arms, wild-eyed, his mouth swollen, chasing every bit of contact he can get and eating it up. Needing to put a lot more muscle into it than he’d like to admit, Dean tries to rearrange him, but he moves at just the right time and slides onto Dean’s thigh and they both gasp - Cas because he’s obviously finally gotten the friction he wants and Dean because he can feel, even through his jeans, that Cas is
“You’re a liar,” Cas whispers, amused, and he’s unzipping Dean’s jeans, balanced over his lap, his knee pushed into the seat between Dean’s legs.
The bartender slides their drinks into their hands and takes Sam’s money. By the time he’s back with the change, Dean’s chugged his.
Finally, Cas pulls away to glare at Dean. “You don’t want me to be a woman either? Explain this to me concisely,” he snaps, “I believe my failure to understand the situation is not my own fault.”
?” he gawks at them, his eyes darting around from their dishevelled hair to where their shins and ankles are tangled together. They fumble apart, and Cas turns away from Sam to button his shirt - without Dean’s thigh between his legs, the boner distorting the neat front of his slacks is plainly visible.
they’d do it in the car. The plush curve of his lips is wet and swollen around Dean’s cock, maybe he’d push Dean’s knees up and apart, dip a couple of slick fingertips just inside him to make it sweeter. He’s bringing him right to the edge over and over again and then pulling away and leaving him hanging, so painfully good.
Dean polishes off the pudding in six huge bites and goes upstairs to drag Cas down, but Cas sneaks up on him, fully dressed already, and corners him on the landing, crowds him up against the wall.
Sam looks right at Dean, really examining him, terrifyingly sincere, “All I’m saying is, I don’t care. Bobby won’t care. Dad wouldn’t have cared.”
Cas is bunking with them in a skeevy hotel in the middle of Idaho, and he’s scarily nonchalant about being a chick, even when he’s arguing doggedly with Dean about underwear.
“Je-sus-christ,” Dean mutters, knocks his forehead against the door with every syllable, because he’s about to cream his jeans like a fifteen year old, and he’s gotta get a handle on himself, he just has to.
He’s on his belly, one arm and leg slung over Cas, so well-fucked and satisfied that his limbs feel like they’re full of lead weights. He wouldn’t be compelled to move even if Lucifer himself materialised two inches above his naked, sore ass and tried to gut him.
“I didn’t really know what the hell I was doing,” Dean confesses, “I just needed - look, I don’t know how two dudes work this out, man.”
“Which did you prefer?” Cas asks, later, when Dean’s so blissed out that he’s nodding in and out of sleep, dozing off and then blinking himself awake again with a smile on his face.
They identify and bag the son of a bitch before dinner time on the third day, but then Sam pulls his quad running through a field, leaving Dean to do the salt and burn alone. The night is thick with humidity, pea-soup clouds hanging low and threatening in the sky, and he’s tired and pent up and really,
“It’s on me,” Sam peels a couple bills off a wad of his hard-earned hustling cash before he bends over to stuff the rest into his sock, “Bobby’s buddy Julio is teaching Cas how to play poker, so we could be in for a long night. You wanna get nachos, too? ”
? It’s not like he’d rather have Cas in his regular dude body kissing him and climbing half into his lap in a cosy, dimly lit bedroom on a lonely weekday evening, would he? Christ, he must be drunk.
By the time Cas has him face down on the bed and is sinking into him, slow, relentless - holding a handful of Dean's hair to anchor him while he winces and breathes through the burning stretch - Dean has completely forgotten every objection he ever had to this. Yeah, sure, it hurts a little, and he’s still struggling mentally with wanting a dick in his ass, but it also feels like a physical manifestation of everything he's always felt and never been able to say:
Dean squeezes his eyes shut, gathering himself. He wants - there’s so much he wants to say and do and it’s not enough and too much all at once.
The shuttered expression on Sam’s face tells him to shut up. Sam looks at him - silent, disappointed - and shakes his head. He walks away, leaving Dean alone in the bright yellow lobby of the Paradise Inn.
Bobby scowls up at him. “Well get your shit together, and go get Cas out of bed. No time like the present to get him back into his dude body.”
"Ew, crack a window already," is all Sam says when he barges into their room the next morning, having apparently kept the second key; Dean and Cas are still tangled up in the sheets, too fucked out and lazy to get up even though it’s nearing noon. Dean’s sprawled on his belly with Cas draped over his back, laughing at the dumbass videos Dean is showing him on his laptop.
He flips on the lights and goes to wash his hands, throws Cas a wet face cloth so he can clean himself up. He’s kicking off his jeans and underwear in the bathroom when he sees the note stuck to the mirror, written on the back of a burger joint receipt:
"No, no, take it. I'm not an idiot," Sam snaps, hefting his bag over his shoulder and turning to leave. "He's been hovering around every damn night for the last month. Figure your shit out, Dean."
Cas hangs his head, not looking at Dean. “Oh, well -” he stumbles over his words, “- there's no need. You were always honest with me.”
"Look, I just don't want to see someone I care about end up alone and miserable. Again." Sam turns to him while they're idling at a red light and snatches the bag of Doritos they're sharing out of Dean's reach as punishment.
“The women’s underwear is not comfortable.” Cas says, with a lot of dignity for someone who had to be taught not to say 'my new vagina' to the Mick Jagger-wannabe sales guy in Urban Outfitters.
“We can’t do anything - Sam’s in there,” Dean tells him, chewing the inside of his cheek, “But you could come inside anyway, if you want?”
“Jameson, neat,” he grunts, and then jumps a foot in the air when Sam, who’s managed to sneak up on him even though he’s the size of a telephone pole, adds: “Make it two.”
“Uh-huh,” Dean stands up, his knees cracking loud enough that it makes Cas jump. “You stay there, I’ll get it.”
It’s a solid day’s worth of non-stop driving, and they make it to Dallas before Sam taps out and pulls off the main route to find a motel on the outskirts of the city.
Why the hell hadn’t he tried harder with the yoga instructor back in Olympia? Maybe if he’d sealed the deal with her and gotten it out of his system, he’d be able to stop his eyes popping out of his head like some cartoon perve, when he should be thinking about whatever twisted magic shit happened to Cas.
,” Dean shouts at him, “And this conversation has already severely impaired my boner for you, so can we just -” He flaps his hands impatiently.
“So I don't need to give you a pep talk about the futility of labelling yourself?” Sam laughs, shaking Dean off. He’s way too amused by this whole thing, Dean decides, it’s looking like he needs to be yanked back down a notch.
, and behind him Cas makes a raw, shocked sound.“I can still hear you when you pray, Dean,” he croaks.
Sam pounding on the door, calling, “Cas? Cas? You in there?” is not Dean's favourite way to wake up, but having a beautiful girl draped over him when he forces his eyes open softens the blow. Even if that girl is Cas.
Cas is still upstairs showering but Dean didn't bother, instead choosing to spend as much time as possible dropping in and out of consciousness with Cas all over and around him - so when he jolted awake way past ten he really only had time to wash his face and push a mumbly, heavy-eyed Cas into the shower.
Cas’s eyes widen. “Oh, I see,” he says carefully. He looks up at the ceiling thoughtfully and closes his mouth, and then opens it again, and then closes it again, so Dean puts him out of his misery.
Cas cuts him off with a hungry, open-mouthed kiss, and just like that, every promise Dean made to himself, and to Sam, about leaving six inches for Jesus between girl-Cas and his very confusing boner is gone. He kisses back, matching Cas's urgency, pulling him in tight against his body. He can't navigate the intricacies of his own fucked-up mind, panics at even the slightest complication with his sexuality, but this he can do.
In the grand scheme of every nasty thing Dean has fought, been bitten by, or had to run for his life away from, a skinny five-foot-something girl in jean shorts is nothing, less than nothing even - but Dean’s heart falls out of his ass when Cas bangs through the door of the guest room without knocking and sticks him with a volcanically furious stare.
When Sam throws open the door, Dean realises it would be easier to shove Cas away and play it off as a hug if he didn’t have one hand inside Cas’s shirt all the way to his elbow and the other down his pant; Cas, for his part, has a fistful of Dean’s hair and his tongue in Dean’s ear, so it’s definitely over for them.
He hasn’t really gotten much further in planning the logistics of his big gay debut than abstract thoughts of Cas’s skin, his gorgeous mouth, the desperate noises Dean might be able to wring out of him, nothing concrete, but now. Now, with his dick fully on board with the idea, he’s sure as hell thinking about it in detail.
,” Dean groans, and throws himself down into a kitchen chair, thunks his forehead on the table, trying to knock the dirty thoughts lose. It doesn't help; even with his eyes squeezed shut he can still see the slender lines of Cas’s girl body. The no-sex void stretching out for several months behind Dean, haunting him like a very boring poltergiest, is making him weaker than usual.
Cas ignores him, chin lifted, and unzips his hoodie and shrugs out of it. It’s a soft, thin, grey one he found in a Goodwill in Boise and became immediately, irreversibly attached to. He stubbornly refused to leave until Dean coughed up the three dollars to pay for it, while Sam hung in the doorway smothering a grin.
being touched. It’s gonna be over in record time, Dean can already tell, he’s so worked up, it’s sparking under his skin like a warning. Dean has a hysterical moment of gratefulness for the storm rolling in that will drown out the noises he’s making, the ridiculous hitching moans he’s trying to kiss into Cas’ mouth.
He wouldn’t be mean about it, though, he’d help Dean be good, help him earn it. He’d encourage him, whisper,
Dean's eyes narrow at the challenge, but then he just sighs and faces forward, mirroring her. "Fine. I bet you my limited edition Han Solo action figure that he's not gonna show up."
“Dad,” he says when he gets close enough, catching the elder alpha’s attention, “I’ve got something to tell you.”
When he pulls back and his arms slide from around her, green eyes move to his left hand and she grabs it.
John breaks off, apparently unable to verbalise past whatever’s going through his head, and Mary steps in with her usual cool frigid tone that means she is beyond mad.
Dean isn’t sure whether that is a legitimate question that needs an answer or not, so he chooses to stay quiet instead. Also because he’s not sure what his answer would be.
He felt his lips pull up in a little self conscious smile as he turned back to look at the canvas. “It’s not finished yet.” Dean shrugged.
Thank you to the people who have commented on this over the last few months asking me to update, they were appreciated and it is because of those that I am here to give you the last two chapters in quick succession. As long as someone is still enjoying this and wants to see the conclusion, I will come back to give you your ending and I'm sorry it took this long. <3
It takes more strength than he expected to walk away from Castiel, to make the choice himself to walk away. Every step he wants to turn around, beg the alpha to stay, screw being dignified and having morals. But he doesn't. Instead, he fixes his gaze forward and walks away, leaving his heart where he stood. The fact that where he’s going is to face the wrath of his father, and the disappointment of the rest of his family doesn’t really help, but it gives him something to focus on at least.
Dean frowns trying to see what she's pointing at, although distracted by the throbbing feeling of where she jabbed him. He's not looking long before he spots a shock of dark hair and tanned skin and he can't see the blue eyes from here but he can tell they're fixed on him. Guess he only got as far as town after he left.
“Okay sweetheart, that’s fine. I was just asking.” Dean smiles back, even though he can see John looking impossibly more disapproving, and what is probably also suspicious. Mary is either oblivious of him, or purposely choosing to ignore her husband.
Castiel shuffles slightly but holds Dean’s questioning stare. “What if you had someone with you to be your husband when you went home? You wouldn’t be unmarried then.”
“Dean let go of me!” John protests. Dean is now holding most of his father’s weight as Sam’s glassy eyes are fixed on the house only loosely holding John now, and Henry has appeared at his brother’s shoulder on the other side.
“Go on, I'm sure you’ve got a train to catch or something. Hope you get to patch things up with Meg.”
"All set for you, Dad," Dean says as casually as he can, hoping that John is willing to be at least cordial with him.
I HAVE RETURNED! I am genuinely so horrifically sorry that this has taken me 3 months to post, but my excuse is that I started college and have been getting used to a much busier schedule for the last couple months.
He realized then that Dean’s sculpture wasn’t where it’d been before. “What about you? Did you complete your masterpiece?”
The town pays for a supply that's enough of their wine for the duration of the festivities and it's this contract that sets them off well for the year. Of course, it can’t be from this year’s crop as it’s only just been gathered, so they take wine made from the previous year and everyone pretends like it’s from the most recent harvest for tradition or whatever, but they all know the whole town doesn't care because it gives them an excuse to get drunk. It means the main prep is loading up the Impala and the back of Bobby's truck with crates of bottles that should be enough for everyone, with some being driven into the town tonight and the rest being brought with them tomorrow. He puts himself in charge of making sure everything is secure and prepared for the next day and checking that all the wine is in good enough condition to be the main drink of the party.
Dean frowns angrily at him,trying to think of something he can say to defend the alpha, but a soft hand on his arm alerts him to Charlie's grounding presence next to him giving him a look he knows is advising him not to try to argue more than necessary. He nods as imperceptibly as he can and pats her arm, turning back to focus on his food.
“I need to tell him." Dean says it with resolve. He can't be bothered to freak out anymore, he knows this is what he needs to do.
He doesn’t do any of that though. Instead he stays where he is on the ground and looks up at Dean, almost a parody of a proposal. “Dean, please, allow me to help you. I’d like to know at least one of us gets to go home at the end of this journey.” There’s an unexpected vulnerability in the man’s beautiful eyes and Dean can’t help but hold them. He’s not sure which one of them looks away first, but suddenly Castiel is on his feet again and holding out a hand to Dean who takes it and allows himself to be pulled to his feet.
"I haven't seen Castiel around much today." John says it as a statement, but Dean knows there's some questioning behind it in that weird 'dad' way.
Dean jumps in before Castiel can reply. “Cas doesn't know his family, but he's got us now, right?” Dean knows his smile is edging on strained, and when he looks up at his dad, he only gets a dark scowl in return.
Castiel smiles and nods, so Dean takes his hand - purely for show, and not at all because he’s nervous as fuck - and takes the steps along the hallway.
Something crosses Castiel’s face, but it’s soon gone and his gentle smile returns. “Not currently. And I don’t like to leave someone in need of help.”
Little early, but I'm making up for last week's lateness (I also finished editing early and have a fast beta)
"Yeah, well, he was supposed to leave a couple of days ago, so, y'know, he stuck around longer than he really could anyway and...yeah...you know how it is," Dean says, knowing he's kinda floundering but hopefully John will assume it’s him being a little sore that his alpha had to leave so soon.
Dean folds his arms over his chest trying to hide the illogical feeling of rejection and peers up at him, trying to get this conversation back on track. “So, I’m assuming you mean for you to be my fake husband then,” Castiel nods, “And what do you propose we do about this marriage once my family is convinced, seeing as you clearly aren’t looking to actually be married? Fake your death?” Dean smirks.
what that’s supposed to mean. I mean you married a man with practically nothing to his name, what kind of a choice is that for a marriage?”
“Boy, what happened to you was shit, and that alpha that thought it’d be a good idea to leave you in the lurch after leading you along is a dick with a capital D. But that wasn’t your fault, what was your fault was what happened after that. Try and remember that your daddy’s not angry because you’re expecting a little one-”
“Yeah?” Dean had moved closer now and was a lot closer than he’d been, with an almost proud look gracing his features. He couldn’t help but think that the sculpture wasn’t the only beautiful thing in the room.
Dean chuckled and Castiel could swear he saw a slight blush rise on his friend’s cheeks. He gestured with his bottle to where a sheet was pulled over something.  “Yeah, I finished it, but I’d hardly call it a masterpiece.” Castiel tilted his head at Dean and turned his gaze to the sheet. “May I see it?”
"She left me with divorce papers when I returned from service. I have had them in my possession since I met Dean, but I was an idiot and thought it was better to have something I at least considered stable in some definition of the word that I could perhaps salvage than to go out on a limb and hope for something real. Something with your son. But tonight I signed the papers and they are on the way to her now. If Dean wants me, I will spend the rest of my life being the best husband and alpha I could possibly be to him and love the pup he carries as if it were my own. I love him. And it is because of that I will accept whatever his choice is. If he doesn't feel the same I will happily walk away and never bother him or your family again."
“Go back in, I need you to knock on all the doors upstairs and raise the alarm inside and get everyone out, it should just be mom, Sam, and Henry, but make sure this wing is cleared out. Please Cas,-”
Castiel looked back to the sculpture, and couldn’t help the look of awe he knew was on his face. “It’s beautiful, Dean. Incredible…” He reached out to trace the nearest piece of glass, feeling the smoothed and sanded edges.
Bless you dear readers who were still commenting on this while I've been absent and waiting patiently but persistently while commenting the equivalent of 'please get you ass in gear and update'. I honestly really appreciated it.
“No, Grandpa Henry, it was me who didn’t tell anyone I was coming back.” He gives him a squeeze around his shoulders and gets one in return and steps back. He wonders if Bobby had perhaps opened his study door enough to alert him more quickly to the commotion going on downstairs.
Dean's taken aback slightly by the suggestion, and as much as he still feels somewhat standoffish towards John, he sees the olive branch for what it is and nods, hoping the drive will be just the simple drop off. Which, knowing his dad, is pretty likely. John, despite all his faults, doesn't tend to be too underhand when he wants something to be known or happen.
Dean watches as Castiel slips off a small, gold painted band from around one of the chocolates and holds it out to Dean. “May I?” he says, with a nod to Dean’s left hand.
That seems to make the man stumble slightly. “It -it isn’t anything to me, but I think you should respect his wishes.”
He can’t help but let out a small gasp as it occurs to him the alternative they might offer though, and his hand flies to his stomach. He knows no matter what they say, he’s not getting rid of it.
The door opens with a creak, unlocked, but John’s head doesn’t rise to look at him. He drops his duffle and stands facing the older man, waiting for the other to show some sign of acknowledgement, but as he eyes the bottle of whisky intermixed with a couple of bottle’s of the vineyard’s own wine he wonders how likely that will be.
And that coaxes a bittersweet smile out of Dean. He can agree that it really is a shame Sam is still away at Stanford, but at the same time he's glad Sam doesn't have to be dragged into all of this.
John doesn’t respond immediately, but a moment later a dark, bitter, drunken laugh emanates from the man before his words rumble out towards Castiel as he looks up to meet the other alpha’s gaze for the first time.
After the bus has finally reached his stop, and he’s lugged his stupid case from the trunk, he’s left on the side of the road with a small hike to the house. He stops and looks out at where he knows the path that’ll lead him home is. This is his last chance to turn around and see if he can figure it out on his own, because as soon he gets back and they find out, he’ll either be under his father’s thumb with John holding this over his head for the rest of his life, or he’ll be officially kicked out and have to do so anyway. He’d like to think that won’t happen, that his mom might be able to talk his dad down, but maybe she’ll be just as disappointed. He knows he’s disappointed with himself. It might not be a scandal in the way it would have been a couple decades ago, but it’s still probably something that will mostly be swept under the rug. At least he hopes it will. It will be so much worse if they act blase about it. ‘Oh yes, Dean, terrible thing that. We sent him off to get an education and he came back knocked up.’
Dean feels slightly less horrible about lying to Mary because he did actually go out to celebrate after his exams, just he was already seeing an alpha at the time, except that one just turned out to be a dick.
Shortly they are all finally around the table, but no sooner than grace has been said does everyone return to silence as they focus on their food. Dean's startled when a slight throat clearing across from him breaks the tension a few minutes into the awkward meal. “This is very delicious, Mrs.Winchester. Thank you.”
Dean looked up from where he was attaching of glass to his metal frame and smiled as Castiel approached. He cursed his heart for the way it skipped in response.
I have been dealing with some personal stuff but that has now passed and I am back. I hope you are all well.
And to someone we don’t know, without telling us, then just shows up here with the strange alpha in tow like it’s nothing!” John’s voice rises steadily as he speaks, ending in a deep growl that seems to resonates in Dean’s bones.
"I heard a bit of his performance last night. Not a bad singer." Dean glances sharply at his dad but John seems sincere in his appraisal, so Dean chimes in.
He can see the train is getting closer to his stop so he makes sure he has all his things, especially seeing as he moved seats part way through the journey. He cringes slightly as he remembers how well that went and considers whether it would have been better to just stay where he was. When he moves into the aisle he’s reminded further when he spots the alpha from earlier asleep a few rows down and quickly shuffles past to wait by the doors until they open.
Charlie looks up suddenly and her mouth drops open. “Dean?” Then her face is splitting into a beaming grin as she all but drops the grocery bags she’s holding and darts forward to wrap her arms around his neck.
“You’ll like this place, kid,” but as soon as the quiet words pass his lips, he thinks about how they might not actually be here by the time they’re born. Dean sighs and let's his hand drop, trying to fight off the melancholy mood settling over him. He stays at the window a moment longer, just watching the breeze sway the short trees around the field. Eventually he knows he should go downstairs though, and decides to brave the risk of running into Castiel, Bobby, or anyone else who happens to be around.
be easier. But, no. It could be dangerous, Bobby said so, even if Dean’s horny and lonely and out of options. He shushes Cas. “Even if I wanted you to, you
“Are you trying to brighten up these buttfuck nowhere towns by giving me a heart attack?” Dean pants, palm pressed to his chest right where his pulse is slamming. “Jesus
” Sam stumbles, and whatever is in the shopping bag he’s carrying clunks and rattles as one of his shoulders bounces off the door frame and he recoils in shock.
“Can you just - not say anything, I can’t deal with -” Dean screws his eyes shut, “I mean, any of this, to be honest, but if you make fun of me I might actually lose what little marbles I have left.”
Dean misses him. That’s not some huge epiphany he has - he’s always known it, but been too chickenshit to poke at the cold, heavy ache sitting low in his chest.
Cas sits down, and the sleeves of the sweatshirt spill down over his hands - Dean twitches with an out-of-the-blue urge to touch him, scoop him up and hold him while he’s so much smaller, lean into the size difference and make the most of it. Cas makes him feel tiny, even now, sometimes, it’d be nice to get his bearings in a way he’s familiar with.
Of course he’s sore, he got fucked to within an inch of his life, but so what? There’s a lot of evidence to suggest he’s got some wires crossed upstairs considering his long and fucked-up history of deeply, genuinely enjoying very questionable and often pain-spiked sexual encounters. Besides, gambling with his sore ass is chump change when he’s got the ‘I went to hell that one time’ card.
“What went down last night?” Sam asks, and gives him the Concerned Eyebrows while he chews and swallows his mouthful of chicken salad with fat free dressing.
Because Dean’s managed to make it a dreamy eleven hour stretch without thinking too hard about Cas, or their perfunctory goodbye before Cas flew off to whichever astral plane he had an appointment on, or thinking about the twisty, bereft feelings
“We’ve already been in the shower,” Cas tells him, oblivious, watching a man chase a bunny ineffectually around a backyard on the laptop screen, “But I assume that’s a different thing than what you’re suggesting.”
Dean eases him away, trying to be gentle - which he’d really like a gold medal for, considering how long it’s been since he had a pretty girl try it on with him - and scrubs his palm over his own mouth where he can still taste Cas’s mouth, and it makes him feel
,” he gets his shaking hands between them and straightens his arms to make a little space. “I can't,” he tells him, genuinely miserable. He knows Cas is hard too, can see the fat line of his cock straining against his slacks, and it stirs up something dark and wanting in Dean's belly, but he just flat out doesn't have the courage to follow through on it.
“Jesus,” Bobby says, sympathetically, “Well, buck up, because this little mark right here means we can fix whatever happened, and we won’t have to sacrifice anything small and fluffy to do it.”
Dean gets up, storms across the room, and snatches the pillow away. "Dude, see for yourself. He’s actually a chick.”
“Have you seen Dean? I can’t find him anywhere and his phone’s off.” Sam calls. The doorknob rattles.
“The hell it isn’t,” Sam scoffs, “You’re my brother, and he’s your guardian angel, and we all have to work together somehow in this clusterfuck of a situation.”
Dean has a laundry list of problems, not the least of which is the fact that he doesn't do virgins, doesn't need that kind of responsibility, doesn't know if fucking Cas, whatever he's got in his panties, would make him gay, or bi, or whatever ten dollar word Sam wants to slap on it, hates the thought of breaking Cas's heart if and when they can get him back into his original-ish form and Dean inevitably doesn't want to get anywhere near his dick.
Dean reaches for him as he steps away from the smouldering fire, and they end up leaning against the tree stump, foreheads pressed together. Cas winds his long fingers around the back of Dean’s neck and holds him tightly. “I’m sorry I didn’t come sooner, I was - well, it hardly matters now.”
“I’ll go!” Dean volunteers, absolutely stoked at the thought of a few Cas-free hours, “Cas, you stay here with Bobby.”
Cas looks at him for a long time, and then says, “Alright,” and gets up on tip-toes and kisses him, heartbreakingly soft, like a goodbye.
“Cas is still in bed?” Dean asks innocently, sitting down at the table, just in the mood to fuck with them, the glow of whatever the hell cuddling did to him still sitting low in his chest, lighting him up.
for him. Cas, who’s hot and weird and powerful and kind of funny and believes in spite of everything that Dean is special and interesting. Cas, who’s dragging ragged breaths into his lungs and staring wide-eyed down at where their bodies are joined, frozen in complete shock.
In the silence, Dean breathes, and tries not to hate himself enough to feel paralyzed with it. He’s got a plan.
Screw it, Dean thinks, embarrassment will help take the edge off. “I don’t, normally,” he admits. He kisses him, quick and hard, then buries his face in Cas’s shoulder so he doesn’t see him when he says: “It’s just you.”
Cas throws his leg over Dean’s and pulls the covers up to both of their chins, closes his eyes. “Of course I will,” he says. He’s snoring softly again within two breaths.
Dean doesn’t have time to ask what, because Cas’ fingers are sliding under the waistband of his jeans, and he’s looking at Dean from under his eyelashes.
-” Cas drags out, crossing the room in two long strides, and Dean can feel him thrumming with anger before he’s even close enough to touch, “- pray to me like that.”
“Sam -” Dean starts, ice cold humiliation trickling from the top of his head to the very tips of his fingers and toes, and then he stops when he realises that there’s no way for him to remove his hand from the back of Cas’s pants without drawing attention to it. Leaving it there would probably be worse, so he’s in between a rock and a hard place. Literally.
“Just - let me -” Dean crooks his finger, searching, and then Cas jerks against him like he’s been electrified and Dean knows he’s got it. Cas looks up at him, comically outraged, betrayal painting his face, like Dean’s been keeping secrets from him and he’s
But - Cas’s eyes are so, so blue, staring at Dean, challenging him, pleading, and they really are his, Cas’s eyes, not some other girl's eyes, and that's the worst part of the whole clusterfuck. It's also what has Dean moving across the room, leaping before he looks, shoot first ask questions later. Adrenaline sparkling in his chest, he backs Cas up to the door until it shuts, pins him there with an arm on either side of his body. He threads an arm around Cas’ waist to reach behind him and flick the lock. Cas shivers.
Bobby's supplier doesn't come through with everything they need, of course, which means that, a) Dean spent nine hours avoiding eye contact with Sam for no reason, and b) they have to order some stuff from a website based out of some witchy coven in Vermont and wait out the excruciatingly slow shipping time all squished together at Bobby’s place.
Cas looks over his shoulder at Dean and nods. He doesn’t look nervous, but he usually has the same bland, neutral expression for both abject terror and total contentment, so it’s moot.
He palms his whiskey and stomps off, leaving Dean alone and mapping out the logistics of shoving his own head in a toilet and flushing.
Before Dean can make a hasty exit to the car to scream into his balled up jacket, or maybe find somewhere to jerk off, Sam’s got his hands on Dean’s shoulders, beaming like he’s won the lottery. “Wow, this is big news -”
hates racists, so he doesn’t bother covering it up or making it neat. Let his family see the pile of ash in the churchyard, what does Dean care?
“Hey, you shoulda seen me before the apocalypse, when I wasn't eating my feelings in the form of double cheeseburgers and banana cream pie every night,” Dean jokes, but it comes out dry and husky, and Cas doesn't laugh.
“C’mon, baby, slow down,” is the first thing he manages to slur, the word slipping out without his permission, and he thinks for a humiliating second that it’s gonna haunt him tomorrow - until Cas moans low in his throat in reply, and digs his fingertips into Dean’s thigh. “Please,” Dean begs, for everything and nothing, “I want to see you -”
They set everything up in Bobby's poor, battered living room, figuring they may as well add to the burns and gouges in the walls and floorboards. Also, the thought of trapping Cas in the basement to perform more questionable magic on him makes Dean feel twitchy.
Cas does appear, shrouded in shadow like a dream, when Dean is almost asleep, the motel room windows thrown open because he hopes, in vain probably, that the breeze will dissipate the muggy air. Dean doesn't get up, keeps his useless mouth shut tight for once, and just lies there and lets Cas look at him; his gaze slides up and down Dean’s body, eventually settling on the sweat shining in the hollow of Dean's hip. It’s nice - it feels good to let him look, and be looked at, it feels like it could bloom into something more tangible, even though neither of them move.
He breathes in and takes the plunge, jerks himself roughly and lets everything he wouldn’t allow himself to imagine before he got his shit together run wild in his mind.
into this piping hot mess as well, Dean blurts out: “I don’t like men. I don’t want to fuck men. Cas is just the closest thing to a hot chick I’ve laid eyes on in months. He’s not special, okay?”
Cas nods a little hesitantly, stretches and flexes like he’s testing that theory. When he’s breathing more evenly and he can take his own weight, Dean sits back, feeling kinda breathless himself. Cas turns and looks at Dean, all wide blue eyes and dark hair and hopes that he thinks he’s buried deep enough that Dean won’t see them.
Sam looms over him with narrowed eyes, and Dean refuses to back down, so in two seconds flat they’re in a full on wrestling match. Sam is the morality police except when it comes to exploiting his height advantage in a fair fight, so Dean’s red-faced and sweaty and actually very happy for the interruption by the time Bobby sticks his head out of the front door and hollers, “Hey, dipshits, I’ve got something! Get in here!”
Cas is gone for three interminable days. The stupid fucker doesn’t know how to text, because Dean never taught him, so it’s seventy-two hours of abject agony being alone with Sam, who’s taking smug to new heights even while they deal with a vengeful - and frankly kinda racist - ghost that’s holding onto some plantation land in Tennessee.
“I - no,” Dean says, puts his hands on Cas's hips, thumbs under his t-shirt, drinks in his soft skin for what might be the last time, “But you have to understand -”
Bobby lifts up one side of Cas’s t-shirt and points to a tiny, blurry symbol that’s branded into the skin of his belly, just above the sweet curve of his right hip.
“Don’t,” Dean grunts, kissing him, shoving his tongue into Cas’s mouth because if he speaks, it’s all over.
"It changes something, doesn't it?" Cas asks him softly, sitting down in the chair next to Dean's bed, "Kissing someone, touching their body so intimately."
“Well, I mean, okay you got me there, but I’m only human, and this body is -” Dean gestures to him, vaguely, and Cas clicks his tongue angrily.
him how to - that had nothing to do with -” Dean cuts himself off, jaw falling open with a click. “Excuse me, self-control? You boinked a demon.”
- and his wide blue eyes that haven’t changed even slightly. Experiment successful: he’s definitely fucking turned on, lit up by it right to the very core of him, for every single inch of this Cas.
A chick that could have been Cas’s really cute twin sister - tall and lean; slightly hunched posture; big doe eyes; messy, shoulder-length brown hair. Dean’s threadbare t-shirt, which Cas borrowed while they washed the ash and blood out of his shirt and let it dry, is slipping off the peak of one pale shoulder.
He pulls the asshole’s coffin out of the family crypt near a Baptist church, not gently, and drags it out into the open, dumps the salt on, digs a firebreak and then douses him with a whole bottle of kerosene.
“86 the gender studies crap, I need to think about this,” Dean points to Cas, who crosses his arms over his chest, and watches with wide, confused eyes.
He’d expected it to be intense, and he’d braced himself for pain and pleasure and riding the weird, blurry line between the two; he’d been fucking stupid to think that would be it. Cas holds him down and, with what seems like very little effort, just about turns him inside out; the tiniest movement of his hips floods Dean’s whole body with pleasure so intense and resonant it knocks him silent, breathless, paralyzed.
Dean sets the timer on his watch for fifteen minutes and grins, holding out his wrist to show Cas the seconds ticking away. “No angel mojo,” he warns.
Dean hovers, covering Cas’s six, which affords him the double reward of getting to glare at anyone who gets too close, and avoiding Sam’s curious glances. It doesn’t last long, though; the third time someone asks Dean what his girlfriend’s name is, he rage quits and decides Cas is on his own. He storms away from the table in search of a double shot of whatever is closest.
“Right, but I should have been more than just honest,” Dean moves towards him - Cas takes a step backwards away from him and it hurts, sudden and deep, like he’s been sucker-punched. For weeks he’s been playing over the moment in Dallas over and over again in his mind, Cas folding into him like he belonged there, sliding his whole body up against Dean’s, lithe and hot and perfect, and this - isn’t that. “No - look, it’s more than that. It’s - hard for me to -”
“You what?” Dean teases, dragging his open mouth down Cas’s neck and thrilling all over when Cas clutches a fistful of his hair and yanks on it, hard. He wonders idly if Cas, at full size and strength, would be able to throw him around and really make him feel it.
“Dean, you need to grow up,” Sam says, ignoring Dean’s nasty glare, “Sexuality isn’t fixed or binary, there’s a miles-long spectrum, you can identify with any part of it you want to.”
They were all recovering from a mass exorcism that went off like an atomic bomb. Cas hadn’t even needed to stick around to help them out in the first place and got caught up in it, which made Dean feel shitty and selfish. On top of that, Cas looked so forlorn and pathetic with blood matted in his hair and sulphur burnt onto the collar of his shirt that Dean told him to stay, and take the second bed to rest on even if he didn’t need to sleep.
But the rain is beating at the window now, so heavy it's just a sheet of water cascading down the pane, and the bedroom is dark and cosy, a secret little pocket of warmth. With nobody there to watch him, Dean hesitates for a second, torn, glancing between the door and Cas's warm skin and pink cheeks, the long line of his body curved down the middle of the mattress like a question mark.
“No, oh, God - Cas, you didn’t -” Dean’s reaching for him as he pulls back, cold all over and sick of himself, so fucking sick of himself, “You didn’t, I just - there’s so much shit going on in my brain -”
He’s totally done in, barely any fine motor skills left, but he pulls Cas closer and gropes him, pushes the heel of his hand into Cas’ hard-on through his underwear, too far gone for anything else. It takes nothing at all, just five or six hard squeezing rubs, and Cas is doubled over while he comes, shuddering, forehead on Dean’s cheek, puffing hitching little gasps of air against his skin. His whole body is hot and shivering and alive under Dean’s hands and the heat of him obliterates any lingering doubts; Dean has never seen anything or anyone that sexy in his whole life, and he’s never fucking going back.
Cas stops dead, his nose two inches from Dean’s. “That’s - irrelevant.” His anger seems to shrink a little, and takes a shaky step backwards.
“Well, it’s easy enough to fix, but we gotta do it before whatever deformed magic you two dumbasses conjured starts to degrade this form,” he jerks his thumb towards Cas, “You’ll need to drive to Des Moines tomorrow and pick up some stuff from my supplier.”
, dizzy and hot and - “Cas, I can’t even deal with this on a normal day, let alone a day when you’ve been zapped into the body of a girl.”
“No-o,” Sam shakes his head, “I'm not. I can say that he’s objectively hot because in case you hadn't noticed, I don't pop a boner when Cas shaves his legs with the bathroom door open.”
Bobby hypothesises that Cas’s true form had some kind of allergic reaction to an incantation they’d used at the concert in Seattle with all the possessed hipsters. Dean refused to let Sam use his little party trick, so instead they’d tried some shady shit from the back page of a spell book to amplify one of their favourite moves and exorcise all the demons at once. It worked, but all three of them had been knocked off their feet in a huge cloud of demon-laced dust.
In the end, Cas had to clean them both up; he’d disappeared briefly and come back from the bathroom with a wet face cloth, his hands smelling like soap, and he was wearing an expression that was so nakedly fond that Dean had to hide from it, tucking his hot face into the crook of his elbow. Cas scrubbed him down and didn’t make him move, then just slotted back in next to him, warm and clean.
After that, as they make their way through half a dozen dilapidated motels in Kentucky, Missouri, and Illinois, every night Cas materialises by Dean's bed right as he's dozing off and stays there, watching him sleep. He’s always gone by the time Dean stirs in the morning, he never tries to touch Dean, and never speaks - but the longing in his eyes hits Dean square in the belly like a punch.
But it’s too late, Cas’s eyes are boring into him, shining with hurt. “You’d rather go back to hell than be around me while I’m - like this?”
Sam lets out a pained ‘oof’ when Dean punches him in his annoyingly rigid stomach, but he’s still laughing, so it’s fruitless.
when he appears smack in the middle of his motel room somewhere outside Des Moines and knocks over a side table that’s piled high with books and a fat stack of documents that Sam photocopied from land deeds at the town hall.
“If we do this,” he asks, voice hoarse, “If we change me back, will I have to pretend last night didn't happen?”
“Castiel, you look quite handsome yourself. I think I’m beginning to see why my son decided to marry you.”
Castiel looks stricken. “No, Dean, let me. It’s my fault, I should have left last week as we planned-”
Also, this chapter now makes up around half of the total word count of the fic (which I did not realize until today). So hopefully it was maybe a little bit worth the wait. (Again, I am so sorry)
Castiel straightens his spine and meets John’s eyes again. “I will not leave until I speak to Dean, with or without your blessing. You will not take the decision out of his hands. I will only go if Dean tells me to, with all due respect. Your son is incredible and I don’t intend to leave without finding out if I was right to believe that we have a chance of happiness together.”
Thanks to the people who haven't given up on getting an update and for commenting and getting me off my ass. And to everyone new, welcome, and I hope you're enjoying the read.
Dean isn’t sure when he falls asleep, but the next thing he knows he’s waking up. Out of the window he can see that the train only has a couple more stops before it reaches his station. That realization brings fresh fear of what’s going to happen once he gets there. He hadn’t told anyone he was coming back, so he knows John won’t be waiting to give him a ride home and at least that means he’ll get a bit of extra time to plan. He usually hates how far away from everything their house is, but for once it’s a relief.
Dean ensures he makes eye contact with his father this time and knows his voice has moved into a far icyer register when he replies. “Mine. It was my choice.”
It was several hours later that Castiel felt satisfied enough with his work to leave it for the day. Charlie had finished painting her engine not too long after he’d arrived and managed to coax Kevin from his nap under the table. A few others had been in and out to work on their projects, but none stayed longer than an hour. Apart from Dean that is, who had been working alongside him since his arrival, but taking small breaks, unlike Castiel. One of these had included returning with coffees for both of them though, so he would count that as a break, despite what Dean thought.
Despite Castiel’s teasing, Dean was still ahead of most of their fellows by starting work on his exhibition at this point. And anyway, his flippant attitude aside, he knew that Dean genuinely did care about doing well.
Mary steps in before the fight can get any worse. “Dean, leave us for a while. We are not done here though, you understand? At all.” Dean nods under his mother’s fierce glare and tries his best to leave the room as quickly and quietly as possible to escape upstairs.
Look at me posting the next chapter in under a week (I am freaking proud of myself okay). Hope y'all enjoy!
“No. He,” he says, pointing angrily at Castiel, “is not welcome here.” Dean then finds himself faced with John’s anger again, “I am saying, here and now, that I do not approve of this and I refuse to give any kind of blessing to this insane marriage.”
He could see Charlie set up near the open window, spraying her broken car engine purple, and Kevin’s battered sneakers sticking out from under one of the tables accompanied by the sound of soft snores. Castiel nodded to Charlie and merely smiled and shook his head as he quietly passed Kevin’s sleeping form on his way further into the room towards the source of the clanging where he could see Dean’s familiar frame.
When he gets to the kitchen, Mary’s already at work, and immediately sets on him when he walks through the door, pushing him towards the kitchen table where a small pile of vegetables and a peeler await. The both work quietly for a few minutes until she decides to break the silence, deeming the time long enough for him to not try and leave if she starts talking.
I hope you are all well and staying safe with everything going on in the world, and I congratulate everyone reading who is doing their bit for the Black Lives Matter movement, you're awesome.
Castiel looks taken aback at his outburst. “You’re concerned your family would do that? Surely they would not place the blame on you for someone else’s actions towards you.”
Dean looks over his shoulder and sees John has stepped around Cas and is now standing in front of him with the other man attempting to glare holes into the back of his head.
Mary sighs and reaches out to touch his hand. “I am so sorry about the way your father reacted. You must know I am. But it’s just because he’s worried.” Dean scoffs. “Dean,” Mary scolds, “You must realize how much of a shock it was for us all.”
“Well, I think that’s quite enough excitement for the moment,” Mary sighs. “Dean, why don’t you and Castiel take your bags upstairs. Just put them in your old room for now and we can sort out arrangements later.”
"Bet you he'll be here," she says in that know-it-all way that all little sisters have. He rolls his eyes at her to hide the fact he's annoyed at her for poking such a fresh wound. "Charlie, he's gonna be on a train back to his wife by now, he wasn't sticking around."
Dean is thoroughly aware of how disastrous this has the possibility to go and is praying for some kind of miracle that John will be to tired from pacing the vineyard to attend.
The ride back is silent and Dean’s not sure if the quiet disappointment and pity from Bobby is worse than the visible anger from John.
This one was fun as when I went back to it I realized there were a few parts I'd left as just a base outline from last time I'd looked at it so I it was nice to do some fresh writing. Also fun because I'm mean and like making Dean suffer (angst with a happy ending tag is still there y'all, don't worry).
“Dean-” Mary says, trying to prevent the trainwreck they can all see coming, but John is clearly as unwilling as Dean to pay much attention to her at this point.
He doesn’t get a chance to force out all the other words that are trapped inside his chest because Cas is choking out an apology, stepping away from Dean with big, sad eyes.
“Peace out, General Lee,” Dean flips him the bird and then lights him up. The fire takes straight away, and Dean smiles, pleased, imagining his soul plunging downwards. “Enjoy eternity in the cage, dickbag.”
They make it to Bobby’s in one piece, dignity mostly intact - at least on Cas’s part. That is, once Dean convinces him to wear a bra at least in public where there are gross dudes who will check him out if he doesn’t - which in the end takes a bribe in the form of a horrifying trip to the Victoria’s Secret in Sioux Falls.
They take Cas with them and drive east, ostensibly to check in with Bobby, but really because Dean’s too restless and pissed off to sit around and do research in one place. His crappy mood gets worse whenever he catches himself checking Cas out like he would with any other girl, not like he's just stuffy old trench-coated Cas. Girl-Cas has miles of milky pale skin he's really bad about remembering to cover up, and an ass like a peach.
But Cas just nods, although his eyes are big and sad. He reaches up and brushes his fingertips over Dean’s eyebrows, down his jawline, over his mouth, like Dean is special or valuable. Shivers zing through him, and he feels flayed, raw when Cas speaks. "Right - because we could be used against each other."
and kiss his heaving chest, his mouth, his cheek, all the while with that infuriatingly placid expression on his face.
“Let me,” Cas says hoarsely, pushing Dean’s t-shirt up until it’s bunched under his arms, “Please, can I?”
“You do need to eat,” Cas tells him, “Where are we? I mean - what town is this?” He flings his legs out of the bed and stands up - way too steadily, in Dean’s opinion, considering what they’d been doing all night and most of the morning.
Sam smirks, tongue caught between his teeth. “Yeah, that’s fine, dude, that won’t make Dean drink himself to sleep at all.”
Dean’s feeling pretty bratty considering he’s scrubbing his own spunk off his belly and he’s naked from the waist down, which is barely a good look even on women. He glares at Cas in the mirror and kisses his teeth. “You wanna talk about how special Sam is, or you wanna get on me again?”
When Dean looks up, Cas is studying him intently in the way he always does before he says some disarming shit and leaves Dean feeling split in half; it’s like getting into a shower that’s too hot - it’s taken some time but he’s used to the pain now, and he braces himself just in time.
Dean takes his boots off, and then his belt, and, pushing past the point of no return with unsteady hands, his jeans. He drops them all in a pile on the floor by the bed. Gently, he slides back onto it, next to Cas, close enough to feel his warmth, breathe in the milky smell of the nape of his neck.
Bobby wheels himself closer and adds: “Not that we think it will, mind you, but it’s insurance. Dean’s on backup - he’ll grab you if he needs to.”
“No,” Dean says firmly, resolving to throw himself off a bridge as soon as possible, “God, no. I was just -”
When it became evident that Cas wasn’t going to spontaneously change back, and that he’d be forced to hang with them until they reversed the spell, they really had to double down on making him blend in. Under duress, and with Sam hovering over his shoulder like an overgrown, disapproving shoulder angel, Dean went to the mall and bought Cas a couple pairs of jeans, then some local shoe store for decent boots, and then a pair of blue ballet flat things from American Eagle that Sam got all moony and pouty over because Jess had a pair just like then.
Dean doesn’t entirely blame himself for being totally blind and deaf to anything that isn’t Cas’s harsh breaths, his insistent grip and hot mouth; but in retrospect he is kind of pissed off that Cas - who’s far and away the most powerful being in the room, probably on the whole continent - doesn’t hear Sam’s footsteps clunking along the concrete walkway, or his key turning in the lock.
“You wanna go again?” Dean’s voice sounds too eager even to him, and he couldn’t give a fuck. He’s gonna earn the selfless, careless devotion Cas is giving him if it kills him. He shuffles so he’s half on top of Cas, straddles his thigh and grinds down onto it, slow and shameless.
He can still smell the fucking t-shirt, it’s all he can smell until Cas traps him against the wall with both arms and he realises that in this body, Cas still smells the same but also a little like smoke, or ash maybe, like he’s smouldering from somewhere. He’s - taller than Dean remembered, imposing in his coat, which is tented around both of them. He drags the sharp, scruffy line of his jaw along Dean’s cheek and noses around the sensitive skin of Dean’s ear, sending a cascade of shivers down his whole body.
“Dean doesn’t want to talk about your breasts,” Sam informs him, barely suppressing his glee, “It’s making him uncomfortable because he hasn’t acknowledged the complex fluidity of human sexuality.”
They spend long enough necking against the door, hot and sloppy and uncoordinated, that Dean has to start shifting at weird angles to keep his boner away from Cas, because that’s probably a little much for ten minutes after Cas’s first ever human kiss. Dean pins Cas’s hips to the door, and Cas makes a rough, pissed off sound. “Dean,” he moans, “Please - I -”
“That’s - not better. You got Freaky Friday-ed with yourself.” At a loss, he tries for a joke: “Besides, you might have a dick under there, how would I know?” And of course that sounds offensive and insensitive and would you look at that, he can hate himself more than he did when he thought it was rock bottom in that department.
Someone should really teach angels about making more subtle entrances, because Cas scares Dean half to death
“Yeah, no, I just needed to check something,” Dean tells him, grabs him by the lapels of his trench coat and pulls him down into a kiss. Cas’s hands come up to cup his face, and his palms are wide and cool and not girly at all. He kisses Dean wet and deep and lavish, holds onto him with both hands like the world is ending, and it actually fucking is, so Dean gives it his all right back, lets Cas yank off his jacket and button-up and push his t-shirt up to his armpits.
Cas cuts him off. “I don’t particularly feel like having another conversation about your sexuality.”
In some distant way, he’s embarrassed at the porny, uninhibited sounds he can hear himself making, hiccupping little
“No, thanks!” Dean saunters to the fridge, weirdly perky considering he spent the whole night just cuddling, and pulls out the chocolate pudding Sam made the night before, the whole container of it. It’s fat free, ew, but it’s still breakfast of champions. He's cutting up a banana to go on top when an even better idea occurs to him. “Ooh, do we have graham crackers?”
“It’s not like I haven’t spent my entire life trying to have a healthy conversation about emotions with you. I’m used to disappointment by now,” Sam slumps, pouting.
Cas doesn’t stir when Dean pulls the quilt back up and over both of them. He passes out almost immediately, the backs of his knuckles just touching Cas’ shoulder blade, feeling the rush of his breath, in and out.
Carefully, Dean extracts himself and stands up, leans across him to pull the covers up. With a soft, murmuring noise, Cas rolls over and buries his other cheek in the pillow. Dean knows he should be sensible about all this and go and sleep downstairs on the couch, let Cas stretch out and have the whole bed to himself.
Dean drives to Burger King ten above the speed limit, fuming, wanting to smack his face against the windscreen to punish himself every time he thinks about the soft curve of Cas’s thighs, and the shadows of his nipples, hard underneath Dean’s t-shirt. It’s sad as fuck that it only took ten minutes of being face to face with him - her -
the same. The local girls in the bar were - fine. They were drunk enough to find Dean funny and hot enough to distract him. He spent an hour doing shots with them, putting on his very best up-for-anything grin, and then ultimately struck out because his metaphorical boner was being squished by the steady throb of guilt and emptiness that kicked up in him every time he thought of Cas across the room fluttering his eyelashes at Julio the poker guy.
“I - yeah, you got me,” Dean pants, helping Cas wrestle him out of his t-shirt. He’s shaking with need, they both are, the air between them is charged and scorching, and they rock together unsteadily, searching for friction.
Just Dean’s luck, now that Cas is even peripherally aware that Dean is attracted to him, he’s suddenly honing in like a radar every time Dean so much as glances at him, and looking back at him with his usual bright intensity and something pity-adjacent in his eyes.
“Yes," Cas croaks, and his voice is back to normal - deep and gravelly and annoying as hell. Dean slides a hand under his chest and eases him up, helps him pull the discarded blanket around himself again. He leans on Dean heavily and gasps for breath.
Groaning, Dean jiggles his empty glass at the bartender, who holds up one finger and goes back to serving someone else.
“Yeah,” Sam frowns, “I went up there earlier and the door was locked. He sounded really weird. I don't know what you said to him last night, but he must be upset.”
There’s a lot he could say to that, but a garbled stream of consonants is all that comes out. It apparently takes all of the brain cells he has available right then to dismantle that particular mental image and the noxious wave of panic it dredges up.
Cas interrupts his rant peevishly: “I would suggest that a more pressing issue is that I can’t seem to do anything about this situation myself.”
Creeping into the motel room with Cas clinging to his side isn’t the most stealthy Dean’s ever been, but he did just cream his jeans like a sixteen year old, so he’s gonna give himself some leeway. He gets the door open and closed behind him with minimal creaking, and then stops dead - the room is completely empty, both beds untouched in the grey half-darkness.
“Cas. C’mere.” Dean says, totally done, not even caring about any of his own bullshit anymore, “Come
He does, but only to lean over and plant his palms on either side of Dean’s head. “It’s just you, too,” Cas says, his mouth right against Dean’s ear, dragging the words out like he’s pulling them from the depths of his guts, “-
One second, Cas has his slippery hand around Dean’s dick, gripping him tightly, then the next he’s got both hands planted on Dean’s chest as he sinks down onto him. Dean’s cock presses past the tight rim of Cas’s ass again and back into the relentless sucking heat of his body, and they’re both gasping for air.
Because Bobby and Sam are in cahoots, and they hate Dean and want him to suffer, Cas is standing patiently in the kitchen next to Bobby’s wheelchair, although he’s basically half-naked. He’s wearing a grey t-shirt that could have been Dean's or Sam's at one point or another, and the Victoria’s Secret panties Dean bought him. Purple Cheeky ones. With a bow on the front.
“Just to - talk,” Cas adds, and that’s bullshit obviously, because he’s not moving his big, warm body away from Dean, he’s grabbing the fleshy crook of Dean’s neck between his front teeth and nipping it just hard enough.
Dean gets up, unsteady on his feet, his voice tripping over Cas’s name, but Cas whirls around to face him and snarls: “Don’t come after me, I don’t want to see you.”
“I’m awake,” Cas replies to Sam, yanking Dean over onto his back with shockingly strong hands and tucking his warm face into the crook of Dean’s neck - he’s sleepy and pale and beautiful in the watery morning sunlight. Apparently unable to stop himself now he’s started, Dean wraps his arms and legs around Cas and squeezes, rearranges them so they’re slotted together like straids of a braid.
Cas smiles, tilts his head, watches Dean watching him with benign curiosity. “Do you miss the female body I was in?”
“He's just being -” Sam comes over and knocks his knee into Dean’ shoulder, shoving him. “Don't worry about him. Are you feeling okay? Anything hurt?”
“I’m going to string you up by your balls,” Dean tells him lovingly. It does big fat nothing to puncture Sam’s glee as Cas brushes past, searching for his tie.
One humid night in Virginia weeks later, he plucks up the courage to call him and tell him as much; Cas doesn’t pick up. He could be anywhere in the universe, maybe doesn't have reception, might not ever check his phone any more if there’s no reason to, but Dean whispers it to his voicemail anyway and then hangs up, phone clenched in his sweaty palm.
you, for me, nobody else will ever make me feel like this -” and Dean aches to hear it, he wants to say it back, more than anything. He’s shit outta luck - his mouth won’t work other than moaning unintelligibly or trying to suck in air like he’s drowning as Cas rides him. Dean’s struggling for breath, trying to keep up with the peaks of pleasure Cas is pulling from him again and again so fast they’re cascading over each other, not giving him a second to regroup.
“You'll - fuck me - after?” Cas says, jerkily, unsure, but Dean nods, swallows, allowing himself to think about it now he knows Cas wants it too.
They're so close Dean can see the tiny veins in Cas’s pale wrist, he could reach out only an inch or so and feel the pressure of the blood zipping through them, the secret beat of his pulse under the skin. He drinks him in, the smell of him, fabric softener and clean skin and something familiar and about as homey as Dean ever feels which might be the buttery cream Sam uses on his hands - the same one their mom used to use on them when they were little. Slowly, Cas relaxes into him, his breathing slowing down into long, deep sighs.
“This spell looks to be more, uh, expedient than gentle,” Sam winces, “But I think it’ll at least be quick.”
“Oh, wow, good for you,” Dean breathes, awed, rubbing himself on the warm, solid length of Cas’s apparently effortlessly renewed erection.
“It’s itchy,” Cas whines, “And if I wear it too long, it hurts, right under here,” Cas lifts his arm over his head and runs a finger around the half-moon shadow that’s clearly visible through his t-shirt.
“I always thought I was - one thing. I was so sure of it, Cas, you gotta -” Cas just looks at him steadily. It wears him down, and he takes a deep breath to continue, feeling monumentally stupid: “It would be like if I woke up tomorrow and somebody told me I was - a pharmacist. Going from one thing to another so fast, so completely, and just expecting me to adjust on the fly - you know what I mean?”
. “- I was spiralling,” is what he settles on. “C’mere, man.” He shuffles over and pats the bed next to him.
Cas’s trenchcoat puddles on the floor by the table when Dean rips it off, and he’s got both hands on his stupid fucking tie, trying to work it free with the crippling distraction of Cas sucking wet kisses down his neck. He’s all hands now, greedy and rough, like he was holding back and the dam’s broken; Dean loves it, he fucking
In a lot of ways he’s been a dick on, brain off kinda guy from day one; anything he’s done in the moment has always been fun and stupid and surface level enough that it’s easy to shrug off later. Getting fucked by Cas isn’t that.
“Okay, this isn't fun for me any more, so I’m gonna -” Sam retreats, stuttering. From behind the slammed shut door he yells: “Fifteen minutes and I’m leaving without you!”
“Slow down, Cas, I gotta -” Dean pushes his fingertips past the waistband of Cas’ slacks, presses them into coarse hair, catches Cas’ shuddering whimper with his mouth. Evidently, he’s not the only one teetering on the edge.
“Jesus Christ, I thought Sam already explained morning wood.” Dean sits up, squinting, and rummages in the crack between the couch cushions for his t-shirt. He finds it, and it doesn't smell, like,
“No, I - don’t get me wrong, it was great, but I -” Dean admits it before he can stop himself, and then he’s blushing from forehead to nipples; he can feel it spreading, hot and irritating, like a rash, “I liked it the - other way.”
thinking about Cas dredges up in him, the son of a bitch ambushes him right as Sam’s ducked out to call Bobby and Dean’s getting ready to shower. He doesn’t shriek, it’s
It's over in no time, in a rush of desperation and harsh breathing and slick sounds. Cas groans weakly into his neck when he comes, and Dean’s shocked that he can actually feel Cas’s cock pulsing inside him - it’s so unexpectedly hot it makes his eyes roll back into his head. His orgasm is punched out of him a second later, white hot, and messy, when Cas shoves into him at the perfect angle and tumbles him over the edge with searing intensity.
Once he’s awake again, Dean waits until Sam and Bobby have been out in the yard for an hour or so and then come back in for breakfast to saunter into the kitchen, whistling, like he'd arrived home casually while they were working on the pickup.
, Dean.” Cas says, patiently, staring into Dean’s face with laser intensity. And - yeah, duh, of course he does.
He's halfway there, Black Sabbath rattling the windows of the Impala, when he gets three texts from Sam, one after the other.
And Dean would. He’d beg to be allowed to come but hold back like he’s been told to, squeeze his eyes shut and count his breaths until the taut clench of his orgasm fades away from his pelvis. He lets go of his dick and does just that, and prays aloud, his voice shot to shit and just barely scraping out of his throat: “See? I wasn’t lying, I’m not confused -”
The fire is burnt right down, and Dean pulls Cas close in the lengthening shadows, indulging in the feel and the smell of him for a second, nosing the side of his neck. “C’mon, let’s get outta here,” he says, and Cas doesn’t argue.
Everything Dean was telling himself about going back to normal is clearly an outright fucking lie. Sitting there with Cas so close, his body knows well before his mind catches up to it: something’s shifted between them, and the point of no return was miles back. The moment stretches out between them like a rubber band, and the panicky urge to talk bubbles up in Dean, he’s gotta say something, tell him -
Other than that, he’s still wearing borrowed t-shirts. They’re all way too big around the neck, and the delicate lines of Cas’s exposed collarbones are beginning to grate on Dean's nerves.
There’s a nest of vamps just outside Telluride, and by the time Dean and Sam get to them, they’ve been driven into a mountain bunker by a power-hungry alpha and they’re trapped there, feral and emaciated. It hurts a little, putting them down, they’re almost like sick puppies at the pound. Although the ideal scenario would be to drink heavily and then sleep it off, duty calls again not even eight hours later - and this time duty is in some swampy shithole in Mississippi he’s never even heard of. So, they hit the road.
A month later, back out west, Sam gets two motel rooms, and pushes one of the keys into Dean's hand, ignoring his protests.
“Cutting magical corners always comes back to bite you in the ass,” Bobby crosses his arms and leans back in his chair, then tilts his head at Cas, “Or the, uh, hip, in this case.”
Bobby takes a match to the cast iron bowl full of unusually gross stuff he’s got resting on his knees: deer bones, a whole heart of a wild boar, a pair of shrivelled feet from a hawk that was shot with a bow and arrow, a lock of Cas’s hair, and a tangled pile of deep amber saffron threads. It catches with a shimmer of sparks and a huge, green-blue plume of crackling flames and then immediately disintegrates into powdery golden ash.
The whole drive back, Cas keeps looking at Dean’s profile, and then looking away and smiling to himself. Dean keeps his eyes firmly on the road, doesn’t watch Cas turning in his seat to face him with his thighs apart. Right as they’re turning off the highway, the clouds finally open up, and the growl of thunder starts to build in the distance.
“Not -” Dean swallows, shivery hot all over, goosebumps prickling his forearms and blood rushing to his traitorous dick. He tears his eyes away from Cas's perfect pink nipples hardening in the chilly air. “Not right now.”
“That’s fair,” Dean swallows. “But I’m - I’ve thought about it a lot, and I do - uh, feel things for you -”
But of course, he’s fucking the world’s most intractable rebel angel, who can’t be stopped even by the forces of heaven, who twists away and pants into Dean’s cheek: “I imagined how you’d feel in my hand, but this is - you’re so
A gallon of icy fresh lake water that’s been stored in some special ancient wooden jug gets poured over Cas’s head, which he endures stoically, but it makes him shiver and goosebumps spring up along his bare shoulders and the slender length of his arms. Dean takes a knee and touches his lit zippo to the oil and all at once, Cas is wreathed in flame.
“You do it, unless you want me to stand up right now,” Dean looks over his shoulder at Sam and raises an eyebrow. Screwing up his face in disgust, Sam scrapes the window open a crack, and the cool morning breeze billows into the room and shifts the stuffy, sex-fogged air.
“We’re going to trap you with holy fire in case anything tries to throw you around,” Sam explains kindly, leading Cas to the centre of the circle with a big, gentle hand on his back.
-” he sobs out a wet, throaty noise when Dean grabs his cock and gives him exactly what he needs, jerks him off, easy, ignores him when he whimpers like it’s too much and his whole body starts to seize up. Propped up on his elbows, Dean kicks his hips up a little harder, wanting Cas to come so badly. He rubs the head of Cas’s cock where he’s hot and wet, the skin pulled tight. It works - Cas goes absolutely blank and pliant with ecstasy, making a low, shocked noise as all the tension bursts, and he comes, shuddering.
Dean takes a long, slow look at him; at the long, golden lines of his arms, the hard straps of muscle around his hips, and yeah, his dick, which is half hard and flushed and as goddamn pretty as his face, and his mouth goes dry. “I haven’t thought about it once,” he says, truthfully. “You going somewhere with that?” he nods to Cas’s semi, kind of in awe that he’s managed to get it up again even a little. He's starting to suspect Cas is giving them both a little magical help.
Cas is spooned up behind him, cheek resting on Dean’s shoulder. He shifts creakily and makes a soft, syrupy noise, presses his mouth to the skin just above Dean’s collar and kisses there softly, which does absolutely nothing to help with the insistent morning boner Dean’s trying to wish away through sheer determination.
“Hang on,” Dean says, muffled against Cas’s mouth, “Lemme -” he digs around for the catch and slides his seat as far back as it’ll go, but he’s still got his fucking seatbelt on, and Cas’s lower back must be digging painfully into the steering wheel even with the extra room. He doesn’t seem to care.
"I thought about you today," Cas says, low, kinda suggestive, crossing the room and forcing Dean to back up to the wall.
Dean stuffs half his hotdog in his mouth and guns it out onto the highway, overtaking some old biddy in a Honda doing the speed limit. He leans over and rummages around on the floor for a tape at the same time, just to make Sam nervous. “We just had a fight,” he loses patience completely, sick to his stomach with having to say it
He’s saved from being the centre of attention when Bobby runs into a couple of his lowlife buddies and gets roped into a very shady game of cards with Sam on his side. Cas watches them intently from the sidelines, oblivious to the lecherous gazes he's drawing from many of the patrons.
“I'm straight, do you understand? I don't like men sexually. And you, temporary boobs aside, are a dude.”
And of course, Cas has no reason to stay with them at all now, no need to kick around in dive bars and occult book stores and BBQ joints in backwater towns, and he sure as hell doesn't need to hang around while Dean makes a half-assed attempt and spectacularly fails to deal with his issues, so Dean's not surprised when he opens his eyes and Cas is gone, the echo of wingbeats whispering in the air.
He's got a clear picture of them making out against the trunk of the car mid-hunt, burning off some adrenaline, jerking each other off quick and dirty, pants around their knees and tongues in each other’s mouths; and then pictures some rose tinted, far away, never-going-to-happen future where Dean has a sturdy little house on the outskirts of a rural city where he could have a fat, grumpy rescue house cat to keep the mice away, and a sprawling auto shop - where Cas could sneak up on him while he’s working and kiss the back of his neck, smile into his hairline and rub his stubbly chin against the sensitive skin there. It’s so far beyond a pipe dream, but sometimes when he’s hovering in the twilight zone right on the edge of sleep the fantasy pops into his mind unbidden and unfolds like a sunflower.
noises, but it’s all Cas’s fault for literally fucking his brains out. Cas seems to love it; he’s egging him on, whispering filthy, meaningless praise in his ear and grinding him into the mattress.
“Uh, hey, I have eyes, and a functioning cerebral cortex,” Dean paces the length of the room and back again, keeping his eyes to himself - at least while Sam’s giving him a beady, suspicious look, “He looks like a hot girl, I’m just - wired that way.”
It’s a good thing Sam’s forehead has more open space than the entire state of Iowa given how high his eyebrows shoot up when the cogs all click into place. “Oh my god,
"Yeah, is that good?" he asks, when Cas whimpers, and digs his blunt fingernails into Dean's arm, "You want me inside you?"
Cas doesn’t resist when Dean pushes him up against the wonky kitchenette table, thumbs open the buttons of his shirt from bottom to top, needing more than anything to touch his skin; in fact, he goes completely pliant, sighs when Dean fits his hands over Cas’s waist, smooths his palms right down to the points of his hips. “What are you doing?” he whispers.
Cas asks, “Are you alright?” and his voice cracks over the words - just that vulnerable little slip is apparently enough to send another spike of pleasure through Dean, so all he can manage is to moan, and drag his forehead up and down on the sheets, hoping it looks like an affirmative. He gets an answering groan from Cas. “Can I do it harder?” he asks, right against Dean’s ear, and Dean nods again. Cas really gives it to him then, and the thud of his hips against Dean’s reduces him to nothing but skin, muscle, breath, the toe-curling ache of his cock, his nipples, his balls - and the intense, barbed pleasure of his ass being stretched around the fat base of Cas’s cock so tightly.
The idea of Cas making him beg always revs him up. In Dean’s mind Cas is on his knees in the back of the car - because of
Like most interesting things that go down in their lives, they’re someplace really fucking boring when it happens.
. He stands in front of Dean, defiant, and naked except for a pair of dark green panties, and puts his hands on his hips. “Do I? Look like a man?”
And, yep, that’s a recurring theme in Dean’s life that he doesn’t want to think too hard or too long about because there’s bound to be some mommy and daddy issues bullshit in it. Every time he gets busted being unable to keep his eyes to himself around someone he’s into, they immediately seem to know everything he’s thinking and feeling. He may as well be wearing it as a slogan on a t-shirt:
Sam’s face falls into the blankness of his ‘I’m not mad, I’m just disappointed’ face, and Dean clamps down on the guilt swelling in his chest as he says, wounded: “Sure, dude. Why don’t you go talk to those girls over there? None of them are special, either.”
“Jesus Christ, Cas,” he gasps for breath. Cas just lies still and holds him while they both come down, steady and solid at his back.
“Will you meet me later, when Sam falls asleep?” Cas asks, and his open mouth is right against Dean’s ear, air skittering around inside it, and he’s so fucking hard all of a sudden. His dick went from six to midnight in the space of that sentence so his brain, deprived of blood, takes a while to catch up. Trembling all over, Dean’s body reacts before he can tell it not to, and he slides a hand under Cas’s suit jacket and finds the firm dip of his waist, scrabbling under his shirt for bare skin to hang on to.
“I have to go,” Cas says, and his mask is starting to crumble, he’s backing away from Dean like he might get hurt, and Dean thinks, fuck, he already
Dean shifts, wiggling his toes inside his boots. All his clothes suddenly feel two sizes too small whenever Sam starts up about this stuff. Since when is Sam head cheerleader for he and Cas, anyway? He’s the one who keeps putting Dean in perve jail every time he looks at Cas below the neck for more than point five seconds.
He can just let Cas scrape his fingernails down Dean’s shoulders in stinging lines, let him lick into Dean’s mouth like he’s starved for it and didn’t know what he wanted, and Dean’s somehow giving it to him.
Sam gets up from the kitchen table, and levels Dean with a pointed gaze that’s pure evil when he says: “I’ll come too. Give us a little time to talk, huh, Dean?”
Dean comes all over himself, sobbing aloud and gasping for breath, scratching at the sheets with his free hand.
He throws himself on the bed, boots and all, and unbuckles his belt, tips his hips up awkwardly to shimmy his jeans and underwear down to mid-thigh. The adrenaline’s already got him half the way there, so a couple rough pulls is enough to finish the job. It’s hardly the weirdest thing he’s ever done with his dick in his hand, praying, but it feels dirty enough to send a filthy little thrill rippling through him.
Famous last words. Cas does, leaning over and smacking a hot little open-mouthed one on him, and then another, and another, and then in a flash he’s wriggled out of his coat and hefted himself into Dean’s lap.
But obviously, what comes out of his mouth is a horny little whimper that seems to light a fire under Cas, because he surges forward, the whole long line of his body rubbing against Dean’s, which feels like it could generate actual sparks between them.
When Metatron had killed Dean, Cas had been overwhelmed with grief. He’d never felt anything like it; it was a hurt different from the physical wounds he’d faced in the past, a hurt different from the betrayal he’d felt several years before when his friends had turned against him. He wasn’t sure Dean’s loss was something he could survive. In the months after, a dull, deep ache persisted, leaving him feeling empty and hurting even as his dwindling grace began to weaken him.
“I don’t want ‘normal’!” Dean says with a laugh. “You know what normal was for this pathetic son of a bitch?” He points at himself. “Self-loathing and guilt and pain and never-ending responsibility. What kind of fucking life is that?”
Everywhere hurts and Cas feels a complete absence of hope. That was it. One unspeakable act was all he needed to know, without a doubt, that Dean is gone. Cas is going to die here, brutalized and killed by the man he’s in love with, and there’s nothing he can do. If Cas had just not lost his grace… Or if he’d stopped Dean from getting the Mark of Cain… Or if he’d saved him from Metatron in time…
He had been unconscious when Dean found him. And when Cas woke up, he saw Dean in a different light.
He rolls over onto his back and tugs up his pants, staring at the ceiling and trying to come to terms with his fate. Everything he’d been through. Everything
Cas visits Dean a lot in the days after Sam’s sacrifice, watching but unseen. Dean had followed Sam’s last request, to find Lisa and Ben and live a normal life with them, but it’s obvious he’s struggling. How could he not? He had lost his brother.
Dean leans in and presses his lips to Cas’s. They’re a little chapped but they’re also soft and warm and more human than he thought they’d be, and Dean’s suddenly aware he’s kissing an angel, the angel that had lifted him up from Hell and defied heaven for him, and that’s something so crazy and out there that he couldn’t have even imagined it just a couple years ago.
Angels don’t sleep, so Cas is always awake in Purgatory. He’s distanced himself from Dean and Benny to keep watch for danger, far enough that they think he can’t hear them. But his angelically enhanced hearing means he can hear every moan, every grunt, every dirty word that slips from their mouths.
“Dean…” Cas says, rolling onto his back to look up at Dean. He feels a little dizzy from the blow to his head, but his mind is clear enough to feel a wave of guilt.
Dean opens the lube packet next, squeezes some into his hand and rubs it on Cas’s dick. Cas inhales sharply at the cool contact.
“It’s no fun when you’re not resisting,” Dean says, pulling Cas out of his thoughts. “Maybe I hit you a little too hard, huh?” Dean drags his nails, hard, all the way down Cas’s back, and Cas hisses from the pain. “Mm, I can do better,” Dean murmurs. He leans down and bites Cas’s shoulder through his shirt, hard enough that Cas cries out. “There we go,” Dean says. “That’s what I’m looking for.”
Cas’s thoughts start to collect themselves again and he’s aware, again, just how badly he’s hurting. He’s facedown on concrete of the bunker’s floor, his bruised ribs searing with pain from where they’re pressed into the hard surface. His face is aching from where Dean punched him, twice. Cas has been through much worse, physically, but he’s never felt so powerless. Unable to stop the man he loves from stripping him down and taking control over his body.
“Oh, nothing.” He laughs again and Cas smiles at him, reacting to Dean’s amusement though still not quite understanding what’s funny. Dean feels warmth blossom in his chest at Cas’s confusion. He remembers something he’d said a couple of hours ago:
Dean looks up when he sees Cas, and smiles, cold and malicious, his eyes flashing black, and the relief disappears in an instant.
It doesn’t work. Dean just laughs. “That’s rich. I know just from the number of times you’ve fucked up on your own that you don’t want my help.”
A moment of silence while Sam applies some gauze to a scratch on Cas’s cheek. “Does this change anything?”
That one had hurt the most. He’d given everything he had, every single thing, to the Winchesters. To Dean. And when he needed Dean the most, Dean didn’t even try to understand. It hurt, and he hated that he loved Dean even still.
Cas still knows there’s not a chance. Dean doesn’t feel like that towards him. But this is enough, right now. The feeling of security in the bunker, and the warm, pleasurable reactions his newly human body is having to being in love with Dean.
Dean’s laughing hard as they escape out the back door of the—what had Cas called it?—right, a den of iniquity. Dean had seen upset hookers before, but he’d never seen anyone offend one to the extent Cas had.
. Well, there was no reason it had to be a woman, right? Angels could possess vessels of either gender, so maybe that meant they could swing either way, too.
Dean gets a hand on the back of Cas’s neck and pulls him down to kiss him again. He wonders if they’ll get the chance to do this again, if they survive tonight. He wonders if Cas would want to. It was a one-time thing, right? Make sure Cas lost his v-card before he died. Mission accomplished. Dean feels a hollow disappointment at the thought this might never happen again.
Dean leans back again, still restraining Cas’s hands over his head. He works at Cas’s fly one-handed, undoing and pulling off his belt, unbuttoning and unzipping his pants.
Dean pauses, staring at his hands on the steering wheel. Maybe he’s dumb for suggesting this. Maybe Cas will go to his death wondering why Dean had to make it weird. Or maybe…
“You’re going to hate yourself for this,” Cas says. He struggles against Dean’s hold on him futilely. "Sam…” Cas says, swallowing past his dry throat. If anything is going to get through to Dean, it would be Sam. “Sam looks up to you. Don’t let him down.”
Dean punches Cas again and Cas gasps, the world going fuzzy and his thoughts scattering. He’s barely conscious of Dean climbing off, flipping him over, pulling off his trenchcoat and his jacket, tugging his pants down.
They don’t have long left until they’ll have to face reality again, but Dean’s going to make every second until then count.
,” Cas says again, more forcefully, but it’s not like he has any control over what’s happening. He doesn’t want it, not like this, he doesn’t want what’s happening to him. But Dean is kissing his neck and Cas has dreamed about this so many times that he can feel himself getting hard. Betrayed by his unreliable human body.
An hourly motel is kind of sleazy, but it’s not much sleazier than bringing Cas to a brothel, and Cas doesn’t really seem to mind. Dean lets them into the room he’d gotten for the next two hours.
He swallows down his discomfort. “Give me a second,” Dean says, and he goes to retrieve the condom and lube from the convenience store bag they’d picked up on the way over. Dean tears open the condom as he walks back over to Cas and rolls it onto Cas’s dick while Cas watches.
Dean pulls off his jacket and over-shirt and tosses them over the back of the chair nearby, and then kicks off his shoes. “You too,” he says, nodding at Cas. Cas takes off his trench coat, suit jacket, shoes.
Cas lets out a long exhale as he slides in deeper, and Dean closes his eyes and presses his forehead against the comforter, gripping the sheets tightly as that familiar hurts-so-good feeling goes through him.
“Look at you, trying to appeal to my better nature, as if that would have a chance of working coming from you. I hated you even before I became a demon. Do you know the amount of shit I had to put up with from you over the years?” Dean says. He walks over to stand above Cas, tall and looming. “Maybe we should count. Working with angels to start the Apocalypse. Breaking the wall that was keeping Sam sane. Releasing monsters in the world that
The moment Castiel sees him, the battered and broken soul of the righteous man, something clicks inside him, a vibrant connection he almost physically feels between himself and the man before him. Castiel lays a hand on his shoulder and feels a deep satisfaction that his divine form is leaving a permanent brand on the arm.
Dean shrugs. “Whatever the hell I want. That’s it. I’m free. No rules, no conscience, no annoying angel on my shoulder telling me what I can and can’t do. It’s up to me. I mean, I actually—”
Cas’s eyes flit back and forth between Dean’s, his eyebrows still pulled together nervously. Dean brushes a lock of hair off Cas’s forehead, his fingertips softly brushing the skin, and Cas’s face relaxes.
“You like that, huh?” Dean murmurs in Cas’s ear, cold, mocking. Cas shakes his head, and Dean just smiles. “Liar.”
He looks more… human, like this. Slimmer, without the two layers of jackets. Dean’s eyes slowly slide down Cas’s body, stopping on where Cas’s dick is straining against his slacks.
“One more,” Cas says, and he bends down and kisses Dean again, slow and deep, and Dean feels warm, everywhere, totally content. Like he hasn’t been in a long time.
It hurts to breathe, each breath sending pangs of agony through his ribs. Cas can tell from the cold, detached expression on Dean’s face that he’s as good as dead, but Cas isn’t just going to roll over and die. He’ll keep trying to break through to Dean. “Dean, I need you,” he says, echoing Dean’s words from a year ago, when Dean had broken through Naomi’s brainwashing to get through to Cas.
Movement from the edge of the room catches Cas’s eye. Sam. Sam has freed himself and gotten a hold of the holy water and Devil’s Trap cuffs that Dean had carelessly left on the library table. Sam sneaks towards Dean, so Cas just has to keep Dean’s attention.
“This isn’t about Sam. This is about you and me, honey,” Dean says. He tugs down Cas’s pants and boxers, and Cas’s hard dick is exposed to the air. Dean grasps Cas’s cock and runs his hand up and down it a few times. An unwanted wave of pleasure washes over Cas.
Dean finishes surveying the room and turns back to Cas. Cas looks nervous again, shifting uncomfortably as he looks around the room with wide eyes.
Cas has never felt the desire for pleasure, never felt a draw towards that type of act. But the thought of being so close to Dean, wrapped in his arms, watching Dean become undone from what Cas was giving him…
“Now you’re so concerned about me being a demon. You know why I’m a demon, Cas? You know why I died, hm? Because your dumb ass helped Metatron take over Heaven. This? This is on you, pal.” He kicks Cas again.
“I love you,” he says. A last ditch effort to change Dean’s mind, but also something he needs to get off his chest before he dies. Before Dean kills him.
Dean undoes Cas’s tie and pulls it off him, and then pushes off Cas’s shirt. Dean breaks off the kiss for just a second so he can pull of his own t-shirt before his lips are back on Cas’s, and then on Cas’s jaw, Cas’s neck. Cas tilts his head so Dean has better access to his neck, his hands resting on Dean’s waist as Dean’s hands roam up his chest.
But Dean’s words sit heavy with him. Dean may have been a demon when he’d said them, but that doesn’t mean they weren’t true. Cas is a pathetic excuse for an angel, he’s messed up more times than he can count, he’s let down the Winchesters and the world too many times. Now, more than ever, Cas knows he’ll never deserve Dean.
What’s not bearable is who is doing this to him. Dean’s words run through his head as Dean pounds into him.
He climbs out of his pants, and Cas copies him. Dean feels a wave of vulnerability and self-consciousness now that he’s completely out of his clothes. This is Cas; he shouldn’t feel this exposed and afraid of judgment, right? But then again, this is Cas. Cas has seen so many versions of Dean, after everything they’ve been through, but Cas has never seen him like this.
Dean smiles and reaches out, grasping Cas’s tie and tugging Cas closer. With Cas close, Dean’s hand slides up to rest on the side of Cas’s neck.
Dean sneers and lashes out, punching Cas before Cas has time to react. Cas stumbles backwards, putting a hand up to his face where Dean's blow had landed. His fingers come away wet with blood. He doesn’t have the grace in him to keep himself healed, and every blow will hit him the way it would a human.
Dean feels a burst of affection for him. This angel, who he’d hated until so recently. This angel who’d been there when it counted. This angel that he feels bound to, so deeply that he can’t put it in words.
“Okay,” Dean says as he turns on the engine. “So Plan A of getting you laid didn’t work out. But that’s okay. We’ve still got some time to kill before sunrise, so I have a Plan B.”
Cas clenches his jaw and turns away. He knows it’s the demon in Dean talking. He knows Dean wouldn’t be this callous. But there’s a kernel of truth there, and Cas shouldn’t have expected anything else.
Sam sneaks the last few steps towards Dean and splashes Dean with the holy water. Dean yells and recoils as Sam splashes him a few more times, steam rising from Dean’s skin where the water hits. “What the hell?” Dean says, and Sam cuffs him in the Devil’s Trap handcuffs before he can recover.
“Dean, we’re trying to help you,” Cas says, approaching Dean carefully. He might not have enough power in him to stop Dean in a fight, but maybe he can talk Dean down, get through to him somehow. From what Sam told him, it’s a long shot, but Cas doesn’t have a lot of options right now.
Cas has wanted Dean constantly since the moment they met. When the world was ending. When they faced Lucifer, together. When Cas had quietly watched Dean live his normal life. When Cas had tried to save Heaven, and Dean had tried to stop him.
Dean raises an eyebrow. “Oh, you love me, huh? I guess that explains a lot.” He kneels down next to Cas and runs his hand along the side of Cas’s face, an almost loving gesture. “You’re more pathetic than I thought, angel. Falling in love with someone you should’ve known would never be interested in a fuck-up like you.”
Castiel looks as surprised as Dean feels, and had obviously also been preparing for the worst, but still cautiously raises his hand to return the gesture. Henry is apparently finding nearly giving Dean a heart attack amusing, because he smiles at Castiel and a moment later drops the hand he’s holding.
As he moves closer to the kitchen the volume of the voices has lowered again, but as he gets to the hallway leading to it he sees there is light coming from there so someone is definitely awake, and it’s probably John.
Both Castiel and Dean are quiet as they make their way upstairs, but soon as Dean is sure they're out of earshot he speaks without turning to face the other man.
“Good afternoon, Dean,” Castiel walked over to the work space next to Dean’s and placed down his supplies, “How is progress on your ‘masterpiece’?” He raised his hands to use air quotes.
Just as Dean says that, John turns and meets his eyes through the windshield almost as if he heard him.
“Dean, as I have told you, this was my decision. I am sorry if I caused further strife between you and your father, but please believe that I can look after myself, despite your father's ferocity.”
"Your grandpa told me how much he was trying to make something up to you. Didn't say what," he adds quickly when Dean looks startled. "I just wanted to say...maybe he's not...so terrible. You know, if he's willing to make such a fool of himself for you. So, y'know, let him know I won't get my shotgun out or anything next time he shows his face around here."
John nods, seeming to be satisfied with what he managed to get out and they lapse back into a silence that continues for the rest of the drive. Dean turns to stare out the window and John puts the radio back on. Of course John warmed up to Cas, who wouldn't. Dean knows he's in a pretty fucking deep hole at the minute so he just lets his head tip forward and thunk quietly against the window. He spends the rest of the ride cursing the universe that the best alpha he ever met was already married and that he was dumb enough to get knocked up by possibly the worst alpha.
Dean’s smile became softer again and he reached down to clasp Castiel’s hand in his and brought it up to his lips.“Anytime.”
He goes to his childhood bedroom instead of what is still technically his parent’s room to try and find some solace, unable to look at the bed he shared with Cas. He stands next to the window and presses his face against the glass, staring out at the green expanse outside dimmed by twilight. Dean lifts a hand to his stomach and cradles the tiny bump. “Sorry about this kid,” he sighs. “I promise things are gonna be okay though, alright? You and me. We don’t need anyone else.”
He feels a small smile crack across his face at the sight. “Dude, stop apologizing, it’s fine. Better late than never and all that.” Without getting up, Dean holds his hand out high enough for Castiel to shake,
When they get to the house, the doors are already open and Dean can hear his father shouting from inside. He braces himself and, quietly as he can, steps over the threshold with Castiel at his heels. They drop Dean’s suitcase to the side of the hallway. Bobby had been only a little in front of them, but by now has disappeared into the room where the sounds of conversation are coming from. He can hear his father above all else, almost loud enough to hear what he’s saying from several rooms away as they are, but underneath that he can hear the quieter murmur of Mary’s voice along smelling with her gentle omega scent that still permeates the house. The combination gives him confidence to continue to the end of the hall and step into the doorway of the room the voices are coming from.
“I am Castiel. Castiel Novak. I’m sorry, I believe I have done a terrible job of making proper introductions.” Castiel looks almost nervous when Dean looks back at him.
“Uh, yeah, May,” Dean says after he clears his throat again. “It was just after my exams and me and a few friends went out to celebrate. You remember me telling you that, right mom?”
I hope as much as this chapter was angsty you enjoyed the little scenes around the angst, because I enjoyed writing them. Thanks again so much for all the wonderful comments, it's great to know people are enjoying this and want to see the conclusion.
Dean feels himself tense, holding his breath for whatever reaction his grandfather has, but when Dean’s just beginning to think he’s going to see one of Henry Winchester’s rare blow ups, the man holds out his hand to shake.
Dean feels a blush color his cheeks at his foolishness. “Oh, yeah, ‘course,” he says, taking the note and slipping it firmly back into the inside pocket of his bag.
Dean sighs and runs a hand through his hair. “I’m just saying that you don't have to deal with this! What are you even doing here? You want to have a laugh at the dumb omega while his life crashes around him!” Dean knows his tone has definitely moved into accusing, but he can’t bring himself to care. “That it? Just thought you’d stop off on your trip home for a bit of a laugh, or what? What fucking reason could you have for being here? For dealing with all this
Dean turns around to look at him again, and catches the soft smile that rests on Castiel’s face. Dean sighs again, this time with more longing than he would never admit to anyone unless under extreme torture, and stands up from his low seat with a grunt and his hand gently glances his lower stomach.
They look back out again and see that Mary has now joined John and they appear to be having a discussion of how to proceed in reaming him over. John's gesturing wildly and Mary is appearing to switch between calming him down and yelling back.
Castiel’s eyes switch from Dean to Henry, and Dean can’t help but be glad for the reprieve. As much as the clear concern in the alpha’s eyes warms him, he didn’t enjoy the scrutiny. “My name is Castiel Novak, it is very nice to meet you, Mr. Winchester.”
‘Al’ smirks over his shoulder at the beta before turning back to the other man. “Oh yeah?” He stands and goes to lean over the other alpha, clearly trying to intimidate him.
“Dean! Oh my crap! Hi!” He hides his grin in her hair and gives her small body a tight squeeze in return. He breathes in her calming beta scent with a kiss to her hair. “Hey Charles.”
He’d obviously told Michael, stupidly assuming it was something they were going to handle together, probably getting married a bit more quickly after he graduated was all the change to his plans Dean had expected. It turned out he was wrong. He woke up the morning after telling him to a note on the bedside table saying that Michael didn’t want to be tied down to anything, the pup and Dean included, and every attempt at calling the man’s phone said it had been disconnected. At least most of his classes had finished by then, Michael’s included.
He pulls his rucksack off his back and reaches into it to pull out the note, even if he knows it’s not going to change, no matter how many times he looks at it. At the very least he has an excuse for not having an alpha with him, something to prove he’s not just a whore that forgot to use protection on a one night stand.
Dean can't help but smile in return. "Hey, Cas." Dean steps up under the stone archway Castiel is standing under and faces the alpha. Dean's grateful that they're away from the rowdiness of the celebration for this conversation.
Dean wakes Bobby and Charlie and calls the fire department in quick succession and they swiftly try to wake enough on site workers to start an operation to stop the fire reaching the brewery or vineyard.
“Shut up and let me finish. Yeah, alright, he’s not happy about it, but that’s not the main reason he’s mad. He’s angry because you lied to us all about it, brought some other random alpha into not only the situation but onto our family’s property when you knew nothing about him. Deano, your dad’s also angry for you. You think he’s happy that the man who was supposed to help you and teach you took advantage of you?”
Castiel grinned and glanced at the sculpture, then back to Dean, who was now rubbing the back of this neck and looking somewhat embarrassed.
Dean shrugs, trying to appear nonchalant. “So, you’re finally leaving then? After the festival?” Dean asks, nodding at the bags by Castiel's feet. “Can you at least stay for the party? Everyone’s gonna get wasted on these excellent bottles of Winchester White,” Dean holds up the bottle of wine in his hand, plastering a cheerful expression onto his face that he doesn't feel.
Castiel is still looking wary, but now the atmosphere in the room is feeling suffocating and needs to leave. “So, uh, I’m gonna go see what my mom wants. Try and avoid people if you can. Stay here if you want. Or not…” Dean starts backing towards the door. “Just, don't get shot or anything. My dad probably wouldn't, but this isn't really something that's come up before so-” he knocks into the door and quickly opens it and steps through.
I hope everyone stays safe as they can and looks after themselves, you're all awesome for reading my humble little fic, and massive congratulations if you made it this far! I have so much love for you all and I wish you all an excellent 2021!!
“Hey!” Both Dean and the two guys look up, and of course it’s Mr. gorgeous across the aisle. “I believe he said he wasn’t interested.”
Castiel doesn’t show up to the room that night and from the sound of things, he really is gone this time. Charlie is still adamant that he’s going to meet them at the festival the next day, but Dean’s not eager to give in to false hope, so he throws himself into the preparations for the festival.
Kinda warning: Dean gets hit on by some dudes who are being pretty creepy and not listening to Dean declining their attention, but nothing bad happens otherwise.
However, a second after that thought crosses his mind, thudding footsteps can be heard from the back hallway, coming steadily nearer, and a moment later John is stepping into the room, standing stiffly in his suit and tie. He stops short at the sight of them seated at the table, and Dean knows that his mother’s ‘talk’ likely had little effect.
is so horrible to you.” Dean knows his expression has slipped into a matching glare to his father’s, but has by this point stopped caring as he stands up from the table with a muttered “Excuse me”, and a last angry look cast toward John that is returned immediately.
“She was only going a bit father in to check and told me to keep going and I wasn’t arguing with her. She'll probably be out in a minute, just wait Dean-’
Dean stepped closer, putting them back into each other's space. He met Dean’s eyes again, then allowed his own to dip to Dean’s lips before moving back up. His tongue darted out quickly to wet his lips and saw Dean’s eyes track the movement.
“Fine, I’m trying to figure out the best way to tell my family about all this without getting kicked out,” Dean says sharply.
Castiel finds himself standing to attention automatically and bows his head to the alpha as a show of respect.
He didn’t have any other choice really except going back home. It was either that or struggle through a pregnancy and being an unmated omega parent in the city while trying to get work.
“You don’t know my dad. Anyway, it takes two to tango and all that,” Dean smirks, forgetting his situation a moment in exchange for a lewd joke. He quickly sobers up again when he doesn’t get a laugh out of the other man and clears his throat. “Reputation’s a kind of big thing for him though, and an unmarried and unmated pregnant omega son wouldn’t really help that.”
Dean fixes his grip tighter, grateful for the drunken sluggishness of his father’s muscles. “No! I’m not losing anyone else. You’re still drunk, if you go in there you aren’t coming out.” Dean swallows tightly, “Castiel at least has a chance.”
Dean’s smile in response was almost tender. “It just came to me. Kinda part of what inspired it so...I thought it worked.”
Castiel swallowed and met Dean’s gaze. “Yes, Dean. It...it’s gorgeous.” Castiel’s words seemed to catch in his throat. He closed his eyes, took a breath, and stepped out of Dean’s space. “W-what is-” Castiel swallowed, “...do you have a name for it yet?” At that Dean looked down and this time Castiel was certain he could see a blush colouring his face and the tips of his ears.
"Yes sir.” The moniker slips out in Dean’s attempt to sooth the tension somewhat. He sidles quietly into the house followed by the rest of the party. Dean heads into the living room as it's their usual 'family discussion' room. As John enters behind him he issues the swift command of ‘sit down’ and Dean does as asked.
That finally pulls a laugh from Dean and he realizes he’s in much lighter spirits than he was at the beginning of this conversation. “Cas, man, I’m really grateful, but honestly, you don’t have to do this.” Even as he says the words he’s hoping Castiel won’t now agree with him, grab his bags, and carry on down the road, leaving Dean to figure out how to make the best of his original plan.
Something flashes across Charlie’s face a second, darkening her smile. “Ah, y’know how it goes. You hack the wrong corrupt database and MIT thinks you should take a break for a while.” She shrugs, trying to play it off, but it’s clearly something that still hurts. He smiles sympathetically at her and drags her into another, briefer, hug.
“Oh, and Dean? Once you’re settled why don't you come help me with dinner?” Mary says with a soft smile which Dean returns.
The air is just beginning to cool and Dean’s wondering how much longer he can afford to sit here without worrying about navigating the Kansas hillside in the dark, when a sound from the curve in the road alerts him to another presence just before the smell hits him.
Mary smiles warmly, gentle eyes reflecting the soft candlelight. Dean knows the expression on his father's face is something far less supporting.
The bus doesn’t leave until seven,” Dean says groggily as Castiel moves around the room packing. Despite the late-night excursions, the alpha was up and about with the sun preparing to leave, and Dean was woken by his soft padding back and forth the room.
The smile drops from John's face and he seems to be waiting for Dean to suddenly shout 'just kidding!'. He stays staring at Dean a moment, then glances over Dean's shoulder to where Dean knows Castiel is. Then he just utters one single word as the laughter and cheers from their family around them grind to a halt, the tension filtering out and forming a bubble of crackling air around them.
“Or any times,” Dean adds petulantly, which makes Mary cuff him lightly on the back of the head. Then she steps back and looks down at him, taking his face in her hands to make him look back at her. “Is this really what you want sweetie? Is he what you want?” Dean knows without saying who she’s talking about. He swallows around the lump in his throat at the understanding in her expression and responds quickly. “Yeah. Yeah, he really is.” And he can’t help feeling somehow both thankful and angry that he isn’t completely lying to his mother.
John grins, looking like he has had at least a couple drinks, at least enough to take the edge off his usual grouchiness. He pats Castiel on the shoulder but shows him no more affection than that, then he turns to Dean. "Now, Dean, your mother and I were talking and seeing as you guys had such a simple set up for your marriage and none of us got to be here, why don’t we have a do-over tonight? Everyone’s here, Pastor Jim can officiate, we can give you two the wedding you deserve.”
John turns his anger on Dean. “No Dean. You made this choice. You have to deal with the consequences.” The old alpha steps forward and Dean fights the instinctive urge to retreat. “How did you think this was going to go? You show up out of the blue, without so much as a call, wandering through the fields with an unknown alpha, who you claim is your husband.” The scent of angry alpha starts to permeate the room, and Dean finds himself hunching his shoulders and trying to resist the instinct to wrap his arms around his stomach to protect his pup. He still keeps his head up, meeting the angry glare aimed at him. He tries to prepare himself for whatever line of argument his father will use next, dreading whatever his father will say when Dean doesn’t reply. However, he’s spared when the sudden scent of angry omega cuts into the tense atmosphere.
Despite the situation, Dean finds himself smiling and allowing a small chuckle at his grandfather’s familiar behaviour. He steps forward to give the older man a hug, grateful for the reprieve.
Dean clears his throat before speaking. "Uh, yeah, he had to leave for...work." Dean feels unprepared for this conversation so for now, he chooses the easiest line to go with.
Stay safe everyone, and drop by in the comments to say hi, I love hearing what people thought of this (good or bad) :)
He has to focus on his dad though, as much as he wants to run after Cas he has enough sense to recognise he wouldn’t only be putting his life in jeopardy but his pup's life if he runs in there now.
The assholes look like they’re going to argue, but Mr. gorgeous quietly nods and starts gathering his belongings. Dean doesn’t have time to feel bad, or even thank the guy, before they’re all getting off on the side of the road without much of anything in sight in either direction. Dean can’t help himself though and looks out the window and catches the blue eyes of the alpha who smiles kindly back in the face of Dean’s apologetic stare.
"I'm just saying, you deserve some of this, but don't let him dole out more than you deserve just cos he's having trouble dealing. And remember you got me and your mom for backup, no matter what. And Sam too ‘course, " he adds when Dean goes to remind him, "but I'm pretty sure if your brother gets involved he ain't gonna help the situation much, so at the minute it’s just as well he stayed back."
Castiel still looks like someone shot his puppy, but there's something like pride there as well. Dean is not ready to deal with that right now, so he just steps back and gives him a light shove.
At the end of the day, Dean's packing up the last of the crates to take to the town tonight into Bobby's truck when John appears at his elbow to drive them in.
Instead, the bottle smashes against the small hanging candle lit lantern next to the door, and the explosion of flame knocks the two men back. As Castiel looks back he sees two things. One, Dean has appeared in the kitchen doorway, and is looking on at the scene in shock. Two, the room is suddenly being engulfed in flames.
Since I last updated, the kudos on this fic has reached over 100 and oh my gosh guys! Thank you!!! so much! to everyone who has left kudos and comments on this, especially as getting emails saying I had kudos acted as little reminders to write and that people like this and are still interested in it. The response to this fic has beaten out everything I've ever posted previously and that has just made me so happy!
Dean looks down at the tearstained note in his hand. “Not unless you can either convince my-,” Dean swallows, “my ex to take some fucking responsibility for our kid, or persuade my dad that an illegitimate child is a good thing.” He doesn’t look up as he waits to hear the alpha’s reaction that could be anywhere from pity to disgust.
“School finished. So I thought I’d come help with the harvest like old times. What about you? Aren’t you supposed to be at college too?”
Castiel clears his throat before answering. “Well, at the moment I have picked up the job I had prior to the military, which was selling insurance.”
“Yeah, okay. Sure.” He pauses to close his eyes and take a steadying breath in. He opens them, smiles at the cautious expression on the other man’s face and nods to himself, “Let’s do this.”
He doesn’t stop until he’s standing outside though. He can see the sun has only recently gone down by the rays of sunlight still on the horizon in the west, but the stars are already beginning to come out and fuck has he missed the clear and unpolluted night skies out here.
“Dean, you look dashing, sweetheart,” Mary greets them. “College did you good.” She takes a step back to look him over and he knows she can’t tell anything is different, but still feels nervous that she’s going to see something that will give him away. Quickly, she is moving onto Castiel and scanning him up and down in a far less motherly way. He knows she’s at least partially accepted Castiel, but she’s obviously still wary of him and will not hesitate to act if she feels he is not fulfilling her standards for husbandly behaviour to him. Dean doesn’t know which emotion to focus on between love that she’s so protective of him, and fear that her scrutiny will expose them.
“Yeah, probably.” Dean laughed, “Just trying to get something done to make the last minute rush easier.”
The drive is only around twenty minutes and they drive mostly in silence, but John puts on the radio and finds the classic rock station pretty quickly. It feels almost comfortable, it reminds Dean of when they used to do this trip when he was a kid and he takes comfort in the familiarity. They drop off the crates of wine in town and start the journey back, but Dean's surprised when a couple of minutes in, John cuts the radio. He doesn't talk immediately, but Dean knows he's going to say something and braces himself for it.
Castiel rolls his eyes. “Nothing quite so dramatic. I could stay the night at your family’s house and leave in the morning. Say I have to go back to work. Then you simply don’t hear from me again. It’s a classic case of a bad alpha abandoning their omega. It would likely still ruffle some feathers, but to a far lesser extent. You pretend to find out about the pup in a few weeks, and no ones any the wiser.”
The alpha frowns, then holds up his index finger in the signal to wait and crouches down next to his duffel. A moment later he pulls out a small purple ornate box with delicate patterns of gold inlaid on the lid. He snaps open the box to reveal what are probably the fanciest chocolates Dean’s seen in his life.
Dean raises a hand to silence him. “No, Cas. This is on me. I need to do this. He’s my dad, and if he kills me for what I tell him,” he laughs almost freely, feeling almost giddy with the fact he no longer cares. He laughs like a man with nothing left to give and ready to deal with whatever will be thrown at him. "Then I guess I’ll deal with it.”
It was only now that Castiel became aware of the fact that the sounds from Dean’s area had ceased and that the other man was leaning back against a crate on the floor a little way off with a bottle of beer observing him.
And that was all she wrote! It's finally finished guys!! After nearly three years, I actually kept coming back and I finished it! And let me tell you, that is all you guys who have been with me all the way commenting and checking up and encouraging me to finish it. This is now the longest whole fic I have ever written.
This chapter turned out waaaaaay longer than I thought it was and I'm honestly so pleased. Thank you to everyone who's kudos'ed, commented, and subscribed! This is probably the the best first response I've had to one of my fics ever and it's made me so happy! Please continue in this manner forever.
He eventually finds himself standing in front of the big window on the landing looking out at the vineyard. In any other circumstance he would go the a walk around it to clear his head, but he knows that is likely what John’s doing and he doesn't fancy that conversation just yet. Instead, he places his hand gently on his lower stomach and rubs his hand across the area in slow circles.
The warmth in John’s face is so genuine Dean feels a lump form in his throat, and the floor seems to drop out the bottom of his stomach. He’s not sure how much of it is from the fear of taking that away from John, from himself, when he tells him the truth, or from wishing that he could keep it all. That they could have a wedding, that he and Cas could have their happily ever after, with his father’s approval and his whole family there. But that isn’t going to happen and Dean feels it like a stab in the heart. He knows without a doubt what he needs to do, Castiel is metaphorically out the door looking back because of some sense of duty and Dean needs to face up to his mistakes. The lie’s gone far enough and he’ll have to do it now or later, and later is coming up quick.
Castiel catches a movement in the dark of the corridor leading out of the kitchen, but it is that distraction which proves fatal. He takes his eyes off of John and as he does the rage emanating from the man reaches fever pitch and the whiskey bottle sails through the air towards Castiel. The aim is off however, and it only takes a small instinctive movement to get out of the bottle’s path.
Sam shrugs, and if he’s surprised at the subject change he doesn’t show it. “Not a lot happened after you left, we were mostly just trying to figure out what we needed to take and what could be left until tomorrow. The mayor was sad we were leaving early. At least I think he was, he’d had a fair bit of the wine by that point.” Dean hears his smile in the words and chuckles despite himself. They then lapse back into silence.
Castiel smiles again, but this one is far sadder than previous. “I am only sorry I can’t do more for you, Dean.”
Dean drags a hand down his face. “No, you didn’t surprise me. Just dealing with my own crap,” he says, letting out a wet humorless laugh.
It takes a split second for Dean to consider his options, but Castiel is faster. Before anyone else can do anything the alpha is taking off in a sprint towards the house at top speed, ignoring Dean’s protests when he’s too fast for Dean to grab him as he goes past.
John’s still smiling, albeit slightly less cheerfully in the face of Dean's seriousness. Dean tries his best to remember that look before it's replaced by the anger he knows he deserves. He catches Charlie’s eye a moment and sees anxiety there and he knows she's caught on to what he's doing.
Dean wordlessly holds out the note as he angrily swipes at the fresh tears that he hadn’t noticed had started falling. Looking up at the man now as he reads the letter he’s even better looking in the afternoon sunlight. The small tree near them is making the light fracture through the leaves and of course he’s standing right under where the light is hitting, making him look like some sort of beautiful model for nature in a rumpled suit and coat. It at least distracts him from everything else for a moment.
“Actually Dad, yeah I do. I do know him. I know he’s nice, and he’s kind. And that he’s smart, and gentle, and protective and he cares about me. So, I’m sorry, Dad, if my decision to marry an alpha
Out the corner of his eye he sees Charlie smirk, then she's elbowing him in the ribs and pointing toward the stone arch of the town hall.
Mary stands up and moves around her side of the table to Dean and pulls him into a hug with his face against her abdomen like he really was a kid again. She gently runs her fingers through his hair as she speaks. “We just want you to be happy sweetheart. Your dad just doesn’t have the best ways of expressing that sometimes.”
If there's any errors in these 2 they are all my own and please feel free to point them out as I edited kinda quickly.
“Yeah, yeah I am.” Sam grins back and then Dean’s smile turns more mischievous. “In a few months you’re gonna be ‘Uncle Sammy’.” Sam makes a face at that and despite everything in the situation, Dean can’t help but let out a loud genuine laugh.
“What about your family, Castiel?” John continues, clearly deciding it’s time to move on to the interrogation portion of the evening.
“Surprise,” he hears John scoff when him and his mom part. “Mary, I don’t think you’re taking this seriously enough. The boy got
“Am I late? I didn’t mean to be, sorry, I just got sidetracked for a bit, then, y’know, suddenly I was late.” Her eyes dart around the dimly lit room then rest surely on Castiel and a bright smile slips onto her face instead. “Oh hi! You must be Dean’s husband!” She glides smoothly to Castiel and holds out her hand a second before ducking to give him a hug. Castiel looks startled but hugs her back hesitantly. Dean lifts his glass to his lips, with a quick sniff to ensure it’s only water, to hide his smile. He notices John roll his eyes, but Dean can tell there is a hint of fondness, used to Charlie’s behaviour, but annoyed as to who it’s currently directed. He crosses the room to take his seat, deciding that it’s not yet the time to make Dean regret every decision that has brought him to this point.
Dean shrugged and stood, putting his beer on the crate. He was clearly trying to brush it off as unimportant, but there was a clear tension in his shoulders as he moved to unveil his piece.
The air of the room was suddenly tenser than it had previously and the moment felt as though it dragged out longer until Dean broke the silence.
Mary is hanging back, allowing John to head up this argument, at least for the minute, but Dean can tell she’s angry as well. Bobby’s a little further back, with Henry off to the side as well. He can’t get a clear read on his grandfather from where he is, so he just hopes he’s not too pissed as well.
Before Dean can blink, Al has made a lunge at the man - freaking hopped up alphas thinking they’ve still got to fight for their right to an omega in this day and age - and Mr. gorgeous has floored the guy with a punch. The beta pal jumps up and takes a swing, but the alpha dodges and it looks like this guy’s going down too, when suddenly the bus comes to a screeching halt throwing the two men currently standing into the seats and the alpha that’s trying to pull himself up back to the floor. The bus driver spins around and before anyone can say anything yells, “Alright! You three,” she points at the two alphas and beta now mostly standing, “Off!”
Dean wanders a little before he goes down to the kitchen, re-familiarizing himself with the house. He takes a peek in Sammy's room, even though he knows the kid's hundreds of miles away at Stanford. He lets his parents door remain closed as he passes.
“No, no I get it, Bobby. This is gonna get so much worse if it gets farther than the house, we need to focus on minimising damage.”
Thanks to fangirlingtodeath513 for the beta, sorry this was such a chaos of missing words before I think I fully mentally skip connecting words when I'm the writing flow.
Dean’s preparing for the interrogation and intimidation tactics to start then, when quick slight footsteps precede the sudden appearance of red hair in the doorway.
Dean is disturbed from his not-sleep curled on his childhood bed by sounds coming from downstairs. It seems like raised voices, but he’s sure he heard his mom go to bed a couple hours ago, so curiosity and worry that John and Sammy have gotten into their own argument  on top of everything else has him climbing off his bed and wrapping himself in his soft robe.
“I’m sorry, Castiel. Hey, at least your job’ll be over in another eight hours, then you can leave and forget any of this ever happened.”
Cas takes the compliment far better than Dean ever could, and merely smiles serenely with a quick bashful look down before meeting her eyes again. “Thank you, Mrs. Winchester. May I say that you look quite beautiful yourself?”
Just as he is about to judge the man asleep and make a decision if it would be better or worse to wake him the figure lets out a low growl.
“Heh, yeah, I noticed. Forgot how into it you can get when you working,” Dean paused to take a pull from his drink and Castiel’s eyes tracked the movement, “looks really good though.”
Castiel rolled his eyes and crouched to pull items out of his messenger bag, “Have you considered that you wouldn’t have to rush ‘at the last minute’ if you divided out your work a bit more evenly?”
Dean looks up, trying to use the pain he’s feeling over said fake alpha as strength to answer. “Without. Castiel has his own life that he has now gone back to. He has his own omega already, he was just doing me a favour.”
They are all silent for a minute longer and Dean feels three pairs of concerned eyes move to him. Mary crosses the space between her and Dean to place her hand gently on his arm and smile sympathetically at him.
“I will only go if Dean tells me to, with all due respect. Your son is incredible and I don’t intend to leave without finding out if I was right to believe that we have a chance of happiness together.”
“I just don’t get it why he can’t treat me like a grown up about this. I got married, and I know that’s big, but he could still respect my decision about it instead of treating me like a dumb kid.”
Castiel raised an eyebrow and focused back on setting up. “And I suppose your way would include sleeping with a minor percentage of the student population combined with spending your evenings at the campus bar?” He glanced over at Dean who was looking away with an indignant pout. Even as he moved back to finish his organizing he heard Dean muttering something about ‘judgy nerds’.
They glare at each other, looking like they’re having some kind of silent argument, until John releases a growl and steps away. He looks like he’s going to leave and Dean can't help but feel relieved.
It's Castiel that recovers first. “Thank you Mr. Winchester, I was glad to be able to make it," he says, suitably amiable towards the tipsy alpha.
Dean can’t help but smile, but he doesn’t look up yet, choosing to turn back to the window instead. Sam walks over and claps Dean on the shoulder and gives it a squeeze before forgoing any formality and wrapping Dean in a hug. He clings back to his baby brother, who is now bigger than him, but at that moment Dean appreciates his brother's height as he feels surrounded and protected by it. He hadn’t realised how fragile he was feeling after this evening. He can at least blame the hormones if he lets out a little sniffle, but Sam doesn’t call him on it.
Castiel takes the proffered hand with a smile of his own, “Likewise.” When their hands drop, Castiel’s goes back to holding the strap of his duffel on his shoulder and he fidgets slightly on his feet, “I don’t mean to pry more than I already have, but why are you sitting on the side of the road?”
I'm sorry this took twice as long to do as the last chapter, but that is because I had basically the whole chapter done, then I decided I hated it so I used it as an outline and re-wrote everything.
He sees there’s only six places set at the table so he assumes that Bobby likely won’t be joining them. He know the old beta doesn’t like ‘having to dress up just to eat’ so he’s probably got his own plate in his little cottage to the north of the house. John’s place is going to be at the head of the table and Mary to his right, with Henry at the other end. He’s hoping Charlie will be willing take the seat on his father’s left and can diffuse some of the tension by being her chill beta self between them, so he takes the next seat to that. Cas goes to sit in the empty seat on Dean’s right, but he grabs his wrist, and with a shake of his head and a glance he directs him to the seat opposite instead.
He’s still figuring out how he could spin this if he has been heard by anyone when he feels a hand rest on his shoulder and he looks up to meet a cool blue stare. Suddenly, he’s finding himself pulled into strong arms and he’s pressing his face into the side of Castiel’s neck to inhale the wonderful scent with a calming undertone the alpha’s clearly trying to put into it.
Immediately the conversation grinds to a halt and he’s greeted with looks from the room’s two occupants, and he sees that Bobby has already made himself scarce. Dean knows he’s probably only in the next room, but the old beta knows what Winchester family fights can be like and clearly didn’t want a front row seat with a chance of audience participation.
“And anyway, you never answered my question,” Castiel adds. He then waits as Dean scans his mind back through their conversation to answer.
This time John does look up when he speaks, and the fury in his eyes almost takes Dean by surprise. “Dean, you and I both know
Dean nods and they start to walk past her, with Dean pausing to give her a brief hug and whisper, “Thanks mom.” She only allows him a second or two before she’s shoving him towards the large table in the centre of the room.
Dean holds it out gingerly and Castiel slides the small band onto his ring finger and moulds the fragile metal to it. He quickly drops Dean’s hand once he’s sure it’s fitted snugly and repeats the same process with an identical band from another chocolate.
Last two years been eventful, mostly in just having a complete change I my network of friends, complete change of life plans, and just about a complete overhaul of everything about myself. I am sorry I left this so long, but  I do now have 95% of this written so there will be more updates.
“That’s not all ‘bout you boy,” Bobby says, interrupting his spiraling thoughts of fear and stress as he jerks his head in John’s direction.
They still had a few weeks before the group sense of panic set in, so the studio was still quiet. Most of those on their course, if they decided to be creative, did so at generally odd times meaning that it wasn’t often crowded in their little workroom. Castiel continued setting up his paints to get to work on his own current piece. He was using one of the larger canvas available to him, hence his need for a larger amount of paint, and had a vague blueprint in his mind for his picture. Often though, his ideas morphed somewhat when he applied them to canvas, so only time would tell as to what would happen.
The next day they're up early to get ready to bring the wine into town for the festival. It's been going on for as long as Dean can remember and it basically involves a massive party through the town for the local farmers and local producers who all bring their goods, get great publicity, and a nice little check to start off their business for the new season. Their wine is basically the town's favorite because they can all get drunk and call it a tradition. It's a good wine too, if Dean says so himself, a Vidal Blanc, but once everyone has had a couple of glasses it becomes affectionately termed 'Winchester White'.
“Mom!” Dean and Sam both yell, but as they lurch forward to go back through the door John manages to gather enough strength to drag himself to his feet and call’s Mary’s name and suddenly they are focused on stopping their still drunk father going back in and getting himself killed.
He feels a burn behind is eyes and smiles into his hand. He takes an aborted step forward, trying to consider his next move and if he should interrupt, but before he can go further the sound of smashing glass and a flare of light grabs his attention and he jumps forward to view the scene as a fire begins licking as the curtains and walls, his mind wrestling between the fire, and shock at Castiel’s presence and the topic of their conversation.
“That’s it?” John exclaims, and suddenly Dean is again reminded of his father’s presence and still simmering anger. “He comes back married without so much as a phone call and you have nothing to say about it?”
He hadn't realised how far he'd drifted until he's brought back by Charlie not so gently kicking his foot under the table.
The alpha from the train is apparently trying to catch up to them, or possibly overtake with the speed he’s going at, but the driver slows to a stop and he jumps on easily. Dean immediately tries to sink lower in his seat, hoping to not be recognised as the stupidly gorgeous man walks up the middle of the bus. He thinks he catches those blue eyes stop on him briefly, with a hint of what is probably surprise in them, but when Dean turns to solidly face the front of the bus again he settles into the two empty seats across from Dean. With all notions of sleep now erased from his mind, he pulls one of his battered books from his bag and tries to relax against his seat, leaning slightly into the cool window next to him to keep any nausea at bay.
“We understand you are an adult Dean, and these were your decisions. But they are also damn stupid ones. What are you planning to do with a baby Dean? Or when we all found out about Castiel?” Mary seems to be asking for an actual answer, so Dean finds his voice even while keeping his head tucked low as if in preparation for a blow.
“Well, it’s very good to see you. How have you been? How was school? Tell me everything. Also, who is that fellow over there with your father? I don’t think I’ve seen him here before.”
“Cas, man, I’m pretty sure the only way you could do more is if you really did marry me.” Dean laughs but that longing is settling more firmly in his gut by the second, and he knows now it probably isn’t going to be leaving with the alpha in front of him when tomorrow comes around. For now, he pushes it down and pats Castiel on the shoulder as he passes and savours the brief contact. “C’mon, let’s get back before they send out a search party.”
Dean hugs her back and takes in her comforting smell of cherry blossoms and lavender before he replies tentatively and “Sorry, mom. I wanted it to be a surprise.”
Dean looks down from the sky, but doesn’t turn back just yet, choosing to look down at the rippling waters of the fountain when he speaks. “I’m sorry.”
Hope everyone's staying safe as much as they can, and huge respect to everyone who's involved in the current protests and whole BLM movement.
There is a fountain in the middle of the courtyard he is standing in that’s probably older than Grandpa Henry and that he features solidly in so many early memories. He can’t stop himself moving toward it and sitting on the now cool stone edge to look up at the open skies above the house.
Bobby nods grimly and they keep running. They reach the outside of the kitchen to find a small huddle of people now with John. And Castiel.
They get out of the car and do the whole song and dance of the barrels up to the minister, someone throws some garlands of orange leaves and other autumnal pieces over their heads, the wine is blessed and declared good, and then the glasses start getting handed out and everyone's happy to start drinking with a raucous cheer.
I tried using my kindle to do final edits on this and oh my gosh I am never going that again please appreciate this
"Yeah," Dean sighs. He braces himself for the ensuing argument and opens the cab door and walks to his execution.
The sounds of clanging metal and spray paint greeted Castiel as he entered the studio while balancing his messenger bag on one arm and several cans of paint on the other. There weren’t many others occupying the space at this time of day, but it wasn’t like most art students had any kind of set schedule.
“Wonderful,” John says flatly, “Generations of Winchester family history, and Dean has managed to marry a man with none.”
“What’s going on? Who is arguing? What happened?” A flustered looking Henry Winchester sweeps into the room from the hall, ruffled grey hair falling over the side of his face and jacket looking to be inside out is on his shoulders. Sharp hazel eyes sweep the room and the stiff posture of its occupants, only glancing over the two alphas that have yet to break their staring contest, and land themselves on Dean, bringing a sunshine bright smile out across his old features.
“So, uh, you’re actually going to have a baby?” The awkward excitement in Sam’s voice as he tests out Dean’s feeling on this subject while trying to hide his own is so innocent that Dean feels something in him release and he tips his head back with an almost normal sounding laugh. He finally turns and smiles at his baby brother, appreciating that in everything, Sam’s almost always on his side.
Dean sighed, “First of all, Cas, you don’t have to do air quotes every time you say that,” Castiel shrugged noncommittally, “and yeah, okay I think. Should be finished pretty soon hopefully.”
They separate and go back to looking out the window, the view from which is now steadily getting darker, but they look out all the same.
Castiel doesn’t meet his eyes as he replies. “I bought them at the station.” Dean’s certain that box is far too nice to be from the fucking gift shop so Dean’s pretty sure that’s an out and out lie, but he doesn’t call him on it.
Dean knows he’ll regret asking even before he opens his mouth, but decides to disregard his more logical thought processes for the moment. “Something you wanna say, Dad?”
“Like how you had actual feelings for Castiel, or how much your professor was a complete dick to you, which honestly I kind of suspected with how things had gone, but still.”
Mary scans his face for a moment longer, and seems at least appeased by what she finds. She leans down to place a kiss on his forehead that he leans into. “Then it’ll work out, baby. I know it.”
“Oh, hey, wait. I almost forgot - Charlie, an old friend of the family, is gonna be there tonight too,” Dean says as quietly as he can with only being a few meters from the main rooms. “She’s living here, so you’re going to see her around. She’s basically family anyway, but should be way easier to deal with than everyone else you’ve met so far.”
Dean’s at a loss for what to say in response so he just mumbles, "Um, thanks Dad, that means a lot."
Castiel sees past it, of course. “Do you want me to stay Dean?” Dean knows the question has more behind it than just the party, but he can't think of an answer right now. He isn't sure what the honest answer is.
“I could smell someone in distress. I am sorry, I did not mean to surprise you,” the man says apologetically, like it was his fault he’d walked into Dean’s own personal pity party.
“Well son, you’ve certainly married differently that your mother and I had intended for you,” John says, with a obvious undertone of anger, while keeping his eyes on his plate, which only serves to irritate Dean more, even as he tries to maintain some semblance of calm.
Dean pulled the cloth back to reveal a frame of metal rods going across vertical and horizontal creating a square of sorts. Attached to the rods were, looked to be close to a hundred, different shapes and sizes of glass pieces. Most of them blue, but some with other touches of color as well, spread out what appeared to be randomly across the metal framework. The dusk sunlight was filtering through the windows, catching the glass was only adding to the effect.
“And what is it exactly you do now, Castiel?” John asks, sounding distasteful. When Dean goes to open his mouth again to answer, his father holds up a hand to stop him.
“Yeah, only a couple months at the moment,” Dean says quietly. He doesn’t really know why he’s telling him, but if he’s honest with himself it’s nice to be able to talk to someone about it.
Dean also briefly considers whether to give up his baby for adoption and is a bit self-loathing for a hot minute in a very canon Dean way
Michael had seemed so charming when they first met. Older, handsome, and smart enough to be a professor at Harvard, plus he was always so nice to him. Dean had been one of his students, but he hadn’t tried anything on with him until after the third semester of Dean’s flirting when Dean had left his number on one of his essays when he’d handed it in. They’d had to keep it quiet obviously, but it always felt like it was going somewhere, that after Dean had graduated they’d finally be able to get married and mated. And then he’d found out he was pregnant.
Henry's voice is next to break through the tense lull over the room. “Well, it seems we at least have some cause for celebration,” he turns to Castiel again, “I’m sorry, I don't think we had the opportunity to be properly introduced,” he says, clearly choosing to ignore his son’s attempts at introductions.
John looks back and forth between his son and Castiel, looking like he’s trying to figure out some kind of puzzle.
They don’t get a chance for introductions before they need to start getting ready for dinner. As it’s a homecoming meal of sorts, they make it a bit more fancy than usual, with Mary promising that they’re eating in the proper dining room with the fucking mahogany table from 1900-and-whatever. Of course that means they have to dress up a bit more. Dean makes his excuses and escapes back to his bedroom to find Cas. The alpha only has the suit he came in, but after a shower and an ironing later, paired with one of Dean’s shirts and a tie, he’s not looking quite like he had walked several miles in it. Dean swiftly follows suit, and soon enough they’re gravitating towards the dining room and the smells of food.
“You lied, Dean. To all of us. You told us you were married, and you brought some random alpha you hardly knew into our home to do so! What the hell were you thinking?!”
John quickly goes from angry to positively incandescent with rage as Dean explains the base details that he's willing to give answers to in public. The first of which being about the father of the baby and Dean answering 'my professor' really doesn't help matters, and it's kind of downhill from there.
Charlie looks back up at him, and he knows he's got her, even if she tries to glare at him. “Maybe.”
There is a few minutes of awkward silence before Henry arrives and takes the seat at the other end of the table.
“Well this is nice,” Henry says, smiling, “it’s been so long since we’ve had a proper family dinner. It's only a shame Sam isn't here too.”
Thank you to I_Am_Destiels_Biggest_Fan_Lucifer for beta reading some of this chapter for me and making me notice how awful I am at using commas properly.
"What about that wife of yours?" John slurs, gaze still fixed on the liquor bottle on the table as he begins to gently caress the sides of the glass.
“Mr. Winchester, I am sorry that this is the way we have been introduced, but please don't blame this on Dean.” He sees Cas step forward and come into his peripheral vision, but doesn't dare look away from watching his John’s reaction. “It was my idea to wed when we did, and I apologise that you weren't informed. But even so, Dean is old enough to make his own choices. And I would ask you to respect that.”
Dean grinned and clapped a hand on Castiel’s shoulder as he stood back up. “That’s your way, Cas. My way’s more fun.”
Dean allows himself a moment to indulge, to even make pretend for a moment that Castiel really is his husband, and letting the comforting feel of the hug sooth him. But quickly he’s worrying that the hug was only meant to get him to calm down and it's going to get awkward in a moment, so he pulls back. He drags his hand down his face with a grumbled “fucking hormones.” He sees Castiel is still watching him with a wary expression and waves him off. “I'm fine. Relax, I’m probably not going to have another meltdown any time soon.”
“Dean my boy! You’re back! John why didn’t you tell me Dean was coming back today?” When he gets no response from his son, he moves on to Mary and changes his path of questioning. “Did he tell me and I forgot?”
“Mr. Winchester, I have come to ask your forgiveness for lying to you and your family. It was only to help Dean but I understand your anger towards me for deceiving you.” John snorts derisively, but without further interruption Castiel takes it as an allowance to continue. “I also want to tell you that I love your son, and if he'll have me, I'd like to be his alpha. I was so blinded by my own insecurities that prevented myself from seeing how foolish I was to not tell him how I feel, to deny those feelings until I had left and I realised how deep they actually were.”
So grateful for all the comments and all those who helped with beta reading at one time or another! These last two chapters are not beta read btw, all mistakes are my own and you are welcome to point them out.
Charlie still looks confused and he can see the hurt leaking into her eyes. “Yeah, but I at least use email. And text. And - Dean c’mon!” she whines.
After a few minutes it’s finally starting to feel like he’s going to get some peace when the bus pulls up alongside one of the more rural stops on the road and two guys get on. It’s an alpha and a beta, and the moment they get on Dean can tell he’s not likely to get in any of the peaceful reading he’d hoped for. Of course they make an immediate beeline for him, with one dropping into the seat next to him, and the other in the seat behind. Dean tenses and tries to focus on his book, drawing in on himself slightly, instinctively protecting his stomach. He could probably take these assholes if it was necessary, but he’s been making a bit of a habit of overestimating his ability to handle strenuous activities as of late and doesn’t really want to have to risk it.
Dean's sorry to have upset her, but at least now she's not focused on the ring or on the absurdity of the marriage like his family was.
“Yes,” John says smoothly, as if that was just the answer he was expecting, “And that does not mean it was a good choice.” He places his own cutlery down and faces Dean fully. “What were you thinking Dean? You barely even know this man and you plan to spend the rest of your life with him?”
Thank you so much for the brilliant response from everyone for the last chapter, happily surprised by how many people came back to this after such a hiatus <3
Castiel nodded as he glanced over pieces spread out around Dean’s area. “Do you expect you will be using it for you exhibition?”
"Sure thing, Dad." He moves around to the passenger side and hops up into the cab while John takes the driver's seat.
It’s obvious Mary can see through his efforts to charm, but is apparently willing to accept the flattery for the moment, and continues to smile back elegantly. “You may. Now, are you ready to take your seats at the table?” she adds towards Dean.
Why is he getting so wound up over this? He's not even really married to Cas. The man will be gone in the morning, and they're more than likely to never see each other again afterwards. Cas will go on with his life, and Dean - Dean will go on with his.
Dean looked to be still working on the sculpture he’d seen the last couple times they’d been in the studio at the same time, and he took a moment to admire the clear progress Dean had made on his piece - as well as the beauty of the other man’s muscles as he worked.
Dean’s not sure how long he sits there on the side of the road. He’s not really sure what he’s waiting for, he stopped trying to plan what he’s going to say after the fourth time his imagination showed him getting kicked out and disowned and he is just starting to feel hopeless. He’ll probably wing it anyway, it’s not like there’s going to be a good way to say what he has to say.
A couple of minutes later, it’s Castiel who breaks the silence. “When I was a child I used to pray for what you have in there.”
The alpha closes his mouth and frowns but doesn’t say anything. Dean sighs and looks back up towards the quickly darkening sky.
“I can’t believe you, Dean!” John bursts out after a moment of intense staring burning a hole in the side of Dean’s head. “Boy, I don’t even know where to start!”
“Oh,” the man exclaims like he’s just remembered something, “I’m sorry, that was who the letter was addressed to and I just assumed,” he says, handing the paper back.
The other man puts his arm along the back of the seat and somehow leans even closer, nearly making Dean gag on his putrid scent. “Yeah, he used to say he wasn’t interested, always meant the opposite though…” He feels fingers beginning to stroke along the top of his shoulder and okay, he’s about one second away from punching this clown, pregnancy be d-
Dean gives her a weak smile in return and rests his hand on top of hers to squeeze it. “Thanks, mom,” he murmurs.
Dean wakes up in the morning in much the same position he was last night, curled into a ball on top of the covers. The post-harvest party normally goes on late into the night and most people are either hung over or preparing to continue the harvest the next day, which explains why no one would have noticed his absence yet today and come to check on him. It takes him a while to stir and compose himself enough to get downstairs and not look like he's had his heart broken. As he goes, he tries so hard to reason with himself that Castiel is married, that of course he doesn't want some random pregnant omega he's just met over his wife. That he should be grateful Castiel ended what they were doing before they went too far and Dean truly became 'the other omega' to Castiel's marriage.
“There weren’t many people to get out, but mom went to check cos we didn’t think the fire was spreading too quickly.’ Dean gets a sense of unease as Sam talks and he can see the fear in his brother's eyes.
Dean hopes desperately that no one can sense his alarm as he looks up at the alpha in question and catches the same look mirrored in blue eyes.
They all make idle smalltalk for a few moments, with Charlie clearly doing her best to hold up the conversation for Dean while Cas is mostly just allowed to sit and take in the large dining room. The mood lifts as soon as Mary arrives with the food, and Dean and Charlie stand as well to help bring dishes to the table.
