It wasn’t as if there were plenty of times in her life that she’d have to pick up and run, without so much of a second glance to the life she’d started to build.
And wasn’t that a relief. Once the dots started connecting between these murders – originally considered to be accidental deaths – it seemed like law enforcement was running around like a chicken with its head cut off, struggling to find and clues on the murderer or even reasoning as to what they’re angle was. “I’m glad,” Steve offered. “Those families will finally get the closure they need.”
Tony hummed, breathing in the familiar scent. “Remind me to never make fun of you hiding in the vents ever again.”
Clint shut the office door and walked down the back stairs towards the holding cells. He almost didn’t want to find what was down there. They had put Delmar back in the interrogation room handcuffed to the chair, but God only knew where he ended up after Steve was done with him.
Tony gazed at him with an unimpressed look. “Steven Rogers, listen to me. You were worth it. You
Bucky’s brow furrowed, and Steve could already see the questions forming in his head. “Don’t worry, I’ll explain later. Go get some sleep. We’ll talk in the morning, punk.”
Obadiah Stane burst through the doors, excitement getting the best of him. He watched at Justin Hammer skyrocketed up from his chair, Pierce himself even taken aback.
Just like he wouldn’t forget seeing Phil standing on his porch that night with a bundle of wildflowers in his hands.
He snatched a bottle of that as well, jamming the spray can in his back pocket.
“You’re late.”
Tony uploaded another picture of the now dead HYDRA goon. There was no way that he couldn’t find out who the man was now. The crystal clear pictures Tony had taken before he left The Captain with the body would give him answers in a matter of minutes.
the voice quipped, not missing a beat
“Go check on your fella. I saw him earlier and he was already itchin’ to get outta here.”
“Jesus,” Bucky sighed. “You and Stark are a fucking match made in heaven, you know that? You’re as nuts as he is.”
“Could be. Whoever it is, they’re the closest thing we have to a lead right now. You sure you’re feeling alright?”
Stepping up to the last door, Steve swung it open, just in time to see Bucky deliver a sharp uppercut to a bound man, the man's head flopping around wildly like a fish out of water. Upon hearing Steve enter, Bucky stopped, panting from exertion.
Tony was made of iron. His father was weak; Tony was a survivor. He’d had an entire life of people trying to take him down. And Tony always rose from the ashes. This was no different.
“You ready?”
Steve jerked, his body moving to cover Tony immediately. He reached for the handgun he had stashed in his belt, whipping it and his arm around to aim at the intruder with a snarl.
Bruce chuckled, grabbing the book he had been reading. “Have fun,” he chided, walking down the gangway, a smirking Natasha following close behind.
He watched the pair trail away and heard the familiar ding of the elevator opening. The doors had barely shut before a shrill alarm shrieked over the kitchen speakers. Bucky bounded over to the tablet Tony left behind, tapping at the screen. “SHIELD alert,” he said. “Directly from Fury.”
So, yeah, their first and only meeting had been less than stellar. But from what Tony had seen with The Captain today, it was like staring him down in New Mexico again. Tony didn’t want any part of it.
The Captain shook his head, shifting farther to the left to give Tony more room to sit. “Haven’t seen you in a few days. Any luck with Rumlow?”
He wasn’t sure who he was talking too, who would even listen. Fingers tugged at his chin, forcing Tony to meet Steve’s gaze. “Stop thinking,” he whispered. “Focus on me,” he added, hand trailing down Tony’s chest. “Just focus on me.”
Tony’s jaw clenched. He opened his mouth his give a snarky retort, but Romanoff stepped in. “Then you can talk to me. The way I see it, you have a few options. Option A,” she said nodding to The Captain, “is I let The Captain beat you to a pulp, until you’re begging for a bullet in your brain. Or, Option B,” she continued, pointing at Tony, “where Stark here gets you on the wanted list of every known government, putting you on the run until you find yourself screaming for mercy in some shitty Russian gulag. And of course, just because I’m feeling generous, you can have Option C, which is me. You tell me everything I need to know, and I’ll make sure Bonnie and Clyde over here won’t become a problem for you.”
The two broke off their conversation again, the room falling into silence except for the water dripping from the pipe.
Rogers bold ran cold.
Tony gaped, his walls crumbling slightly before the mask was back on, ready to tear Steve a new one when a fluttering of a magazine had both men snap their attention to the coffee table.
“No,” he snapped, shooting a dirty glance to his chuckling companions. “They’re nobody.”
The Captain rolled his eyes. “Why am I not surprised?”
His eyes were blazing, his chest heaving as it was when Hill confronted them into the mansion. Steve felt both him and Rogers be raised in the air. His ears were pounding, his throat constricting. Rogers had hurt Tony, had threatened him. And now, he and Steve were going to die.
“I do like you, kid. But we’re sure that Bucky paid you a visit; we’re gonna have to do something about this. I know you’re probably expecting us to break your fingers with a hammer, something awful like that, but I’m gonna diffuse that tension right now. That’s not going to happen. What is going to happen is that I’m going to talk for a little, and you’re going to give up your friend.”
Barnes sighed, rubbing a hand over his tired face and walked over to one of the benches as he began to unwrap the tape from his hands.
“Wait, what?” Hammer nearly screeched, but then Steve was there, forcing a large hand over his mouth. “Shh,” Steve hissed. “Listen.”
“Don’t worry,” Tony soothed. “We’ll get these to everyone else as soon as possible. And then, once we’re all set up, we’ll start talking about step two.”
” Steve scowled.
There on the other side of the office, was Pepper Potts, staring down at them over the barrel of her gun.
“So,” Steve repeated.
Pepper repeated. “You know that you didn’t mean anything you said. But more importantly, Tony knows that. Don’t concern yourself with what-if’s. Your husband is in the other room, and he’s alive. That’s all that matters. Now you’re going to go in there, and sit with him until he wakes up. And when he does wake up, you’re going to fix this. You understand, soldier?”
He could see the fight in her eyes, but she relented, turning to the rest of terrified employees, voice soft and sure as she instructed them to remain calm. After a final lingering gaze, Tony turned, chasing after Clint. He caught sight of the man charging right into the lobby, desperately calling out to his lost lover. He had almost caught up to him when he was a bright flash, Obie’s path of destruction aimed right at Clint.
An olive branch, indeed.
“Tony! Tony, are you- ” Steve broke off, coming to a screeching halt at the scene in front of him. He felt Bucky charge in right after him, face planting right into his back.
The pair broke off into silence, just laying together on Tony’s floor. Clint was trying to figure out what he should do when Tony met his gaze. How long had he known Clint was there?
Steve’s lips couldn’t help but tug into yet another smile. While it should have been considered reckless, Steve admired the fact that Tony stood fearless while staring down at the barrel of HYDRA’s gun.
Pietro shrugged. “Should be easy enough.  Who are you looking for?”
“-to safety. I just want to make sure-”
“So the SSR became the Big Brother of the mafias.”
Steve was reaching for him again, but he dodged, backing away towards the suit. Tony was on fire even as his body froze over, searing tears burning as they spilled out over his now ashen cheeks. “Tony,
“You’re damn right I’m going to kill Stark! Look, I gave you your life back- ”
“Tomorrow morning,” Steve answered, probably too quickly. He had hoped that it would have been left at that, but Steve knew as soon as Tony asked where the conversation was heading. He could almost hear the gears spinning in his head.
“Can we talk about this later?” Tony asked, already rubbing his temples, the impending migraine looming. “I just- I need to- ” he walked away without finishing, ignoring Steve’s calls.
“Pulling away. You’re doing it again. You starting to look more and more like the Tony Stark I met when first assigned to you.”
there was the governor’s wife. The governor himself was on his knees, temple pressed against the end of Pierce’s gun.
Tony glared at the man, fingers tightening on the car battery.
he thought to himself, weighing his options. Tony looked down at Steve, sleeping peacefully and grinned. Steve would probably given him a free pass on this one. He reached forward, yanking at the blonde’s hair.
“This is only stop number one,” Steve laughed. “We’ve got a ton of other places to stop.”
He could fix this.
they used to stay.
“Clear!”
“No, but he does.” The agent watching them had returned to his phone, fingers tapping wildly on the screen.
Bucky ran a hand over his face. “Steve, buddy, you’re not making a lot of sense.”
Steve felt his hands clench into fists. “How is this so hard for you to understand?” Steve hissed at the other man. “Tony’s dead. He’s
“Degrees, Steve. I have degrees,” Tony huffed with a roll of his eyes. “And what do you mean for once? I’ll have you know that- ”
A fire roared inside him, anger consuming him. “Come on, then,” Steve finally answered. “Let’s go make some mistakes.”
Tony raced to his desk, snatched up his phone and his sidearm. He raced down to his car, jumping over the door and into the driver’s seat through the open top. Tony found himself stopping however, when he looked down at his phone.
But alas, each avenue let to the same result: nothing.
Steve would like to think that Bucky would just take off through the second story exit with Clint and flee, but he already knew that wasn’t going to be the case. Those two would be flying back down the stair any minute now, regardless of Clint’s injury, to help their boss out. They were loyal like that. They were stupid like that.
“Yeah, well, I’ve always worked better with real drama. Now, come on. We’ve got work to do.” Bucky led Steve over to the door, first leading the blonde over to the desk, glaring at him until Steve finally got the memo to pick up the meal and bring it with.  The pair made their way over to the exit when Clint came bursting in, looking frazzled.
They’ve already started with Coulson.
“No,” Pierce cut him off. “Don’t bother. If he hasn’t checked in by now, you know what’s happened.”
Tony couldn’t help the laugh that escaped him that time, hands resting against his abdomen. “Oh, that’s rich. What a stupid asshole, leaving his weapons just lying around. Do me a favor; don’t be afraid to get creative. Nothing paints a more beautiful picture that a well-timed explosion. And of course I’ll get the added pleasure of seeing a few priceless looks on his prick face. Honestly, it’s a win-win for everyone.”
Pierce narrowed his eyes. “What do you want?”
Tony saw a life without Steve, causing his breathing to pick back up again. He tried to reach for his lab chair, but he miscalculated, causing him to spiral to the floor. His breath was stuck in his throat, he couldn’t breathe, be couldn’t-
The fact that Clint had managed to be missing for a month sat terribly with Steve. Clint had risked so much to find Steve and Tony, literally throwing himself into the firestorm to get them out. If anything had happened to Clint after he had saved them, it would break Steve and Tony. Both of them were constantly haunted by people that they had gotten killed, but Clint would send them both overboard.
“I think I made a mistake.”
It’s not like Sam could judge the other man. He had barely set foot in his new home before he was already trying to find a way out of it. It was almost ironic, being surrounded by multiple doors and windows, all of them perfect to make an escape, and knowing that he couldn’t use any of them.
Tony shared a look of confusion with Steve. “Is there something that I’m missing?” Tony questioned. “Why does that matter?”
“Yeah. We’re in the clear.” Steve couldn’t even muster a smile.
Tony froze, breath stuttering in his lungs. He grabbed at the sides of Steve’s face, hopeful eyes darting between the endless blue pools that stared back at him, looking for any hints of deception. “Really?” Tony asked quietly.
“You know,” Steve continued. “If you ever wanted to leave. With Clint, of course. Take off somewhere, start a new life? I can make that happen.”
“You know what they call us?” Tony asked, voice hollow. “The military? They have a term they use for weapon dealers. They call us
“Don’t go,” he said in a low tone.
Tony looked at the fierce smile that Steve was giving Rhodey, then back over to his friend that seemed hell bent on inspecting the weapon. “I’m sorry,” Tony blurted, eyes continuously snapping between the two. “How do you know each other?”
A beep from Tony’s computer almost had the man jolting out of his chair. The engineer scrambled over to the monitors, eyeing the new information.
Tony opened the laptop and began typing, not even asking for a password.
“You got a gun?”
“But that’s not possible,” Bruce murmured, looking back down at Tony. “The bullet has to be behind some bone.”
Steve tensed as his heart fluttered otherwise.
Stark slapped his hands away, moving past Steve and to the door. “No. You wanted me to fall in line? I’ll do you one better. I’ll fall out of your way completely. Good luck with your HYDRA infestation. Make sure to send me a postcard from prison. That is, if you’re not already dead first.”
Hammer had felt nothing but unease. While he should have been happy that Stark’s own business partner was out for him, Hammer knew that Stane would just be another road block on his journey to be the top weapon’s dealer in New York.
“It better not, or you’ll owe me a lot more of these,” Obie laughed hollowly, shaking his empty glass.
“Fuck,” Tony hissed, dropping the suitcase and charging straight into the raging fire. “Barnes?! Barnes, where are you?!”
He knew he needed to turn around, needed to go back to Bucky. Needed to explain himself.
Tony bit lightly at his chest in retaliation. “No need to be an ass.”
“You think that’s a good idea?” Bucky’s voice sounded behind him.
“Don’t start,” interjected Steve.
– skin. He flipped Tony around again, plastering himself against his back, grinding into him.
“Do they know that?” asked Sam. “All they know is that Tony Stark dumped a mob man’s name on the internet; a name that the cops might have gotten hold of. Your story doesn’t line up; they compare some data, and boom. You’ll be thrown in the clink.”
“What are we doing here?”
The Captain seemed relieved at the change of subject. “Yeah, I think I got something out of him.”
“Not him,” Bucky sniffled in return.
“No offense old man, but are you gonna be able to make it all the way there?” Clint had already noticed Tony’s labor breathing.
Everyone else who had gathered downstairs turned in surprise, no doubt shocked that Steve was back with the land of the living. While Steve felt a small pang of guilt rush through him, he didn’t stop his path to the door. Tony hadn’t been reported as missing yet. How much time had they lost because the police didn’t even realize he was gone?
And then suddenly everything came crashing together. Time sped forward, people screamed, bullets went flying, glass shattered, tires screeched. And then there was nothing.
He would fix this. He would save his family. All of them.
Pepper sighed again, nodding slightly. “Alright, then. I’m in.”
“Excuses, excuses,” The Captain mumbled.
A hard face stared back at him as the archer crept back over to the bed. “I don’t understand.”
Pierce nodded, gesturing for the two to get in the car.
“Oh, ri-right. You,” the policeman said, aiming his gun at Sam. “On your knees to!”
Steve nodded before heading back to his office door. He opened it and leaned out, hollering a loud “Barton!” into the other room. Clint quickly entered, gun still ready.
Steve groaned lowly, closing his eyes, trying to find the right words to say.
The man jumped, desperately searching for the device. “Of course. I’ll call the police, and- ”
“Justin Hammer,” Steve smiled.
“Are you kidding me?" Phil asked incredulously. "Someone gunning down a bunch of cops? It could have been anyone.”
“You leave him out of this,” Steve hissed. He knew he was already selling his soul to the devil by agreeing to work with Loki, but damn if he was going to let the Norwegian drag other through the mud with him. Tony was gone, Steve had seen to that. Lately, Steve had been trying to convince himself that it was better this way. He was out of the line of fire for now, hopefully. Sticking around Steve would probably prove fatal - it already had, once - and Steve wasn't ready to face another reality of thinking Tony dead.
Steve rolled his eyes. “Because every time you go out, you come back with your arms full of abandoned scrap claiming that you need to save them from rusting in the streets.”
“I don’t care!” Steve yelled. “I am not wasting another damn second, Bucky. I’m getting down there to him!”
“So he didn’t get anything from you?” asked The Captain.
Bucky put his head in his hands. “Oh, god, Steve.
Sam sat back in his chair, eyes trained at Steve. Stark took a long swig of the coffee, moaning obscenely as he swallowed. Finally taking in the rest of the room, he rolled his eyes at Steve. "Oh, relax. Take this as a gesture of good faith," he said, revealing the chamber of his gun, which was completely empty.
Tony’s voice caught his attention right at the plate broke underneath him, Steve’s strength cutting straight through the ceramic. Steve clenched his jaw, feeling the metal of the knife start to bend as well. “Here,” he said, dropping his own plate in front of Pietro before picking up the broken plate and grabbing the newspaper.
The blonde sighed before nodding slightly. “Yes,” he answered in a small voice.
“Technically, it wasn’t in the bed, it was
Tony smiled at the memory, about how Steve had laughed at the thought of Bucky wearing a nun’s habit, gliding around their home silently with a ruler, smacking the hands of the rest of the crew for sinning.
“The hell I can’t!”
“And?”
The other man whipped around in his chair. “Tony Stark.
“Right off 9
Steve always thought it was amusing how the fiery red head could always wrangle his lover into doing anything with a simple glare. Steve would count himself lucky if he managed to get Tony to eat a sandwich.
“Everything ok?”
Steve almost wished he could go back in time, to stop in then; to stop anything from happening. But how could he have known? He should have.
The man yanked against his bonds, his screams muffled by the gag placed securely over his mouth. “Oh, of course, the gag. Well, unfortunately, we have wounded upstairs and we shouldn’t disturb them, so if you could just wiggle which one for me, that would- oh. Captain, would you look at this? He’s moving them all. A brave man, this one. Braver than I, I think,” Thor chuckled. “Are you sure?” he asked again to the man, who was shaking his head wildly, trying his best to stop the tremors wracking through his hands. Thor smirked. “As you wish.”
It had taken months to set the whole thing up. What with Tony redesigning each of his extra floors for each member of the team, putting in gyms, extra labs, anything he thought they might need. And that was on top of the other SHIELD consultations he had. And on top of his load here at Stark Industries.
Always the man with the plan, Steve lurched forward to snatch Pietro from Tony’s grip as well as lifting the dining room table to block Wanda’s shots at the boy.
let me remind you – would you keep Extremis?”
“Steve, you’re losing it,” Sam snapped. “Look over there and tell me what you see,” he continued, pointing at the mess over on the wall.
in Steve’s ear in response.
“Neither did I,” Barnes shrugged. “But you dragged me out of that building anyway. So what do you say? You back in?”
Tony didn’t realize a stray tear had slipped from his wet eyes until Steve swiped it away with his thumb.
“Scheduled visits are for assets that behave themselves,” Sparky replied.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah?” Tony breathed, flushing slightly.
“I-I’m sorry?” Mrs. Danowitz asked.
“Well, I just
JARVIS interjected, somewhat smugly.
Still not tearing his gaze away from Tony’s chest, Steve nodded slowly. “Okay,” the blonde’s voice wavering slightly. “Okay, I’ll take you home.”
There he was, standing like a bright star at the end of the aisle.
“So you admit it, you admit to selling to them? Jesus, Obie, these are the ones- ”
Alexander Pierce drummed his fingers impatiently on his desk as he watched Obadiah Stane waltz into his office.
Hammer scoffed. “Oh, and you’re a resident expert on Anthony Stark?”
Natasha snorted, reaching for the cup. It was delicious, of course. Bruce had a remedy for almost everything.
“You’re late,” a familiar voice called out to him.
He could still feel Bucky’s eyes on him.
“I’m sorry, am I boring you?”
Barnes stuttered to a halt, his eyes comically wide as he stared back at the marksman.
Clint startled awake, lungs taking in huge gulps of air. His hands trembled as he brushed away the tears stinging his eyes.
“We’re here,” Steve replied softly, unable to hold back the smile as Tony bounded over to them like an excited puppy.
Seriously, you guys deserve it. I could not (and still can't) believe all the positive comments left on last week's poll. With a story this long, sometimes it's hard to keep everyone on board and engaged, especially since it's a work in progress. Seriously, you guys are fantastic; it's such a blessing to be on this journey with each and every one of you.
Who was Tony Stark if he wasn’t needed?
“That’s because you’ve been awake too long.” Tony stood up before manhandling Steve over to the couch. He snapped his fingers and pointed down at the cushions. “Sleep,” he said firmly.
Tony pulled out his slim phone, entering a small code before setting it against his ear.
Phil had almost charged in there himself, flames be damned.
Clint had done as Steve asked, and called Thor. Thor, luckily enough, was in the states on business with his family anyway, and was more than happy to pay The Commandos a visit.
Steve let Fury usher him out of his office. “Go kill an hour, Steve. On the house.”
no reason for The Captain to take any interest in him, because he didn't have anything to offer. The Commandos have had a steady stream of weapons come in for years. Tony was never able to confirm which arms dealer they were working with. If that had fallen through that The Captain was in the market for new digs, Tony had a feeling he was the type of man that would raid Tony's shipping warehouses before snatching the CEO and asking for permission. It shouldn't be for information either. Even if The Captain was looking into someone in Manhattan, Tony had heard more than enough about his fearsome crew to prove that he didn't need any help in that regard. He had once heard that Romanoff broke a man only using a single nail file. So, unless The Captain has gone rogue and left his team in the dust, it shouldn't be either of those things, and no reason for Tony to be wasting away in some basement.
A manicured hand had him stopping in his tracks. “Not a word.” She looked at the other two men in the room. “Gentlemen, if you could leave us. I’d like to have a few minutes with my boss.”
Phil pushed his face into Clint’s neck. “They’re still looking for Sitwell.”
have had everything. And he would have made Pierce his number two. Pierce remembered waiting, pacing by the phone all night to hear the good news. The news of a successful mission. But instead, he wasted away in the night, dropping off to sleep, only to wake up to a very different story. He could barely believe what he heard on the news:
century. It’s time to do something new,” Fury continued.
Tony whirled around to face him. “Yeah, that’s still me. What’s with the face? Do I have something in my teeth? You know, I just ate with Bruce and he said I was good, but that man is
“Goodbye, Captain.”
“My fault?” Steve scoffed.
Steve had Clint spy on potential problems all over Brooklyn, which he did with near perfection. Each of his reports to Steve were filled with overwhelming data. And when Steve found out he knew how to handle a weapon? Steve knew he needed this man for the Commandos. Steve will never forget the day Clint pulled out a bow and arrow and hit a bulls-eye at each target at the range.
Tony’s face twisted suddenly, as if ashamed. Bucky watched as Steve ran a hand down Tony’s spine in comfort. “Fury’s got everyone too spread out,” Tony confessed. “I don’t think we would have enough time to snatch everyone before he caught on, even assuming that I magically get around everyone’s check in schedule. And even if we did manage to get everyone,” he sighed. “If you all go missing, my door is the first one Fury’s knocking down. Not that I wouldn’t take the risk, but I don’t have an exit strategy for the rest of you that you wouldn’t end up paying for down the road.”
So of course Rumlow would use it when he got caught. What he didn’t know, however, that he had been given an updated version. Made by The Monger.
"What the hell was that?!" Tony groaned, shifting around to feel for anything broken.
“It’s not my opinion, Tony, it’s an order! As head of the- ”
“How you could possibly find that endearing makes me think that you were dropped on your head too much as a child,” Bucky drawled.
As planned, be grabbed Clint and Bucky, both overly proficient in the field, which should have made this job a cake walk. Instead, the three men walked into the warehouse to be met with a small army of Hammer’s men.
“Just, you know, make sure I’m clear before you push the red button, alright? I only got one arm left,” Bucky joke, cackling when Steve shot him a dirty glare.
Phil startled as his phone started to buzz, looking at the bright screen. It wasn’t a number he recognized, but that didn’t stop him from answering the call.
Steve shook his head in disbelief. “You don’t owe me anything,” he said, still looking at the pictures in awe.
Bucky forced the other man to meet his eyes. “Why the hell would you help us,” he whispered. “You’ve got every right to run off into the sunset after all the crap we’ve put you through.”
Steve yanked himself away from Tony, stumbling over fallen debris.
Nothing was right, nothing was
Then, something was grabbing his shoulder, and Tony’s eyes snapped wide open in fear. There, in front of him, stood Rhodey, bloody and beautiful.
“Now that right there?” Obie replied, pointing at Tony. “That’s all Maria. And just like your father, I am powerless to say no.”
There was a possible lead. A man that may know information about another HYDRA base. Natasha could get through to him.
Tony’s eyes swiveled over the room that had housed him for the past week. Well, he’d been told it had been just over a week. Tony was out for most of it, but figured Yinsen had no reason to lie about it. It wasn’t much; Tony could only surmise that they were underground from the dirt that was packed in to make the floor. The ceiling was constantly leaking; rusty water dripping into buckets, the sound no doubt going to eventually drive Tony insane. He and Yinsen were currently sitting in the far corner, in front of an empty barrel that someone jerry-rigged into a fire pit. Tony had seen a vent on the ceiling, so he could only pray that they wouldn’t die of oxygen deprivation. Besides, if they’ve been down there for as long as Yinsen said they had, then if lack of oxygen were a problem, they’d be long dead by now. Other than the ancient lawn chairs that were probably scavenged from the dump, and the two lumps that were barely passing as cots, the room was empty.
Bucky looked at him questionably, but after a quick glance at Steve’s office, the man deflated. “No. Absolutely not. You cannot be serious.”
“Just like he helped before?” Rhodes continued. “Hell, Tony probably wouldn’t even be in this situation if it weren’t for him!”
“You are right, though, I don’t work for The Captain,” the man continued.
“No, of course not!” Steve tried to joke. “I was just… well, there was a…”
“Sometimes cowardice is key.”
“I wanted to go bowling!” Sam screamed back.
But being caught by The Captain?
It was like seeing armor crack that Tony forgot he was wearing. He’d been starting to see glimpses, more and more every day, of the man that he’d heard whispers about from the team. A softer side, hidden behind a hardened shell, only opening up for those who deserved it.
“Excuse me, sir. Have you seen Tony Stark?”
After about five minutes of uncomfortable silence, Tony blurted out, “I’m sorry, should I be saying something? Because you’re very cryptic and I’m not exactly sure what’s going on here.”
Yinsen nodded. “Let’s not give them a reason too. What did you have in mind?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve gave him a remorseful look. “I’m sorry, Bucky.”
Barnes just snorted, looking down at the red splatters that covered his torso and arms, unable to see the few dustings of blood that also streaked across his face. “Let’s go with that,” he replied, slipping around Tony to start the sink, sticking his hands under the stream to watch the dark rivulets drip into the basin and down the drain.
The two took off towards the other pair. Until a shot rang out. Tony stumbled, heart seizing, while Barnes roared. They skid to a halt, waiting to see which figure fell. But nothing happened. Tony was about to open his mouth when another shot sounded, the two men watched in horror as Steve went down.
“Hear, hear,” Tony agreed, quietly clinking his glass against Steve’s before taking a long swig.
Steve looked up long enough to give Tony a weak smile. “Hey.”
“There’s nothing back there. Beattie couldn’t have been here more than an hour. Once Delmar didn’t show up he probably got cold feet and ran.”
Tony would just have to run his mouth for a good twenty minutes while his implanted tracker led Happy right to him. And then Happy would meet his captor of the week. Or, more importantly, Happy’s gun would meet their temple.
Tony blinked up at his business partner. “Really?”
She sighed, and started to walk away. To Tony’s surprise, she came back, gently placing a first aid kit at his feet. “Just in case you change your mind.”
-------------------------
Sam snorted. “No shit.” He paused to fill up his cup, breathing in sharp aroma. “You’ve been with him?”
“Barnes?” Tony questioned, looking around the rest of the room for the rest of The Captain’s men as he slipped his gun back in his pants. He caught Barnes falter slightly in his beating when Tony called his name, but when straight back to attacking the sandbag.
-------------------------
Steve clenched his jaw at Sam’s prodding. But that’s just another thing about lighthouses. They might offer guidance, but they’re always there. Even when they aren’t wanted, the bright light burning through eye sockets, demanding attention.
“Don’t be petty,” Tony hissed.
The recliner spun around, the light flipping on, and Steve was faced with a very pissed Tony Stark. The smaller man wasn’t even in his pajamas, instead lounging in old jeans and a ragged tank top; one of Steve’s favorites that he deemed the lab rat look. Except the determined curiosity that usually adorned Tony’s face when he wore that ensemble was replaced he exhausted eyes and bruised lips where they’ve been bitten. Looking to the right, Steve could see that –
“No. If HYDRA got their hands on me I really would be dead.”
Clint snickered. “Totally worth it.” He jumped back down to throw the peel out, gasping when he opened the trash lid. “Is this a UroClub?”
Steve tightened his grip on Tony. “Don’t you ever be sorry for this. We’re a team, you and I. Don’t shut me out; let me help you.”
“Well, that’s just great,” Steve muttered under his breath, looking back at Bucky. The other man was still looking up at the sky, staring at nothing. He nodded, as if coming to an agreement with himself. He met Steve’s eyes for a brief moment before breaking away, shouldering past him.
“Oh, I absolutely am,” Tony said, already looking up at the sky.
“Until HYDRA showed up,” Natasha said softly.
Bucky rolled his eyes. “Don’t be an ass. I just take walks, Steve. I’ve got to come to terms with my disability.”
Hammer stared incredulously at Obadiah Stane. Of course, he was still in shock that the man had wanted to meet with him in the first place. Sure, they were all in cahoots with Pierce and HYDRA, but it was an enemy of my enemy kind of thing. Because technically, he and Stane were competitors; they both wanted Stark gone, but at the end of the day, they’re doing it for their own reasons, and one would eventually turn on the other. With Stark gone, Stane got control of SI, and Hammer had a chance to finally get out from the shadow cast by Stark’s brilliance.
“Call an ambulance,” snapped Obie, his hands firmly gripping Tony’s shoulders. Tony watched as Pepper obeyed immediately, her face pale and drawn. “What the hell happened to you, boy?”
It was Rumlow.
“It doesn’t matter now,” The Captain continued. “All that matters is that it worked.”
Maybe he should have brought his own gun. He was sure that Bucky had a knife strapped on him somewhere, but Steve had warned the whole group away from hiding firearms on their person. They were difficult to conceal, and with trained FBI agents, it’s not like they wouldn’t already be on the look for anything suspicious about them. One wrong move made by the gang and the whole arrangement could be called off, all of them being carted off to prison. But in the end, no one had searched them. Maybe they just assumed that Steve wouldn’t be that stupid, bringing a gun to a fight with experts wielding semi-automatics.
“Please tell me it’s safe to come in,” Tony continued. “I could feel your neighbor staring at me the whole time I was outside, and I think she was just a few minutes away from putting together a hex bag of bird bones and rail tails to curse me.”
“And what good did that do us?”
As for where they were staying, Clint couldn’t tell anymore. They had stayed at Thor’s for a while, but Steve’s paranoia kicked in; the mother hen trying to protect the chicks he had left. From there, they’d been moved to wherever they could find: old warehouses, abandoned houses, anything to keep them hidden for a few days. Then something would tip Steve off again and process would repeat.
“Tony asked for that time off?” Steve questioned. Had he been planning something? He sure as hell didn't mention anything to Steve.
“To make sure you do your job,” Natasha answered, smiling sweetly.
After all these years, and it was like nothing had changed. If Sam closed his eyes long enough, he probably wouldn’t be sure what year it was. Even with his eyes open, there was still a good chance that he’d be confused. The South was like that, though.
“Tony,” Steve started again, a hand creeping forward to touch it, but pulling away, opting to curl tightly into Tony’s shirt instead.
Tony quickly slipped out of Obie’s grip. “It’s nothing, I promise. And about this meeting. I just thought I’d let you handle it. You’re better with dealing with those bureaucratic asshats anyway.”
if anything happened to her, he would never forgive himself.
“What is it?” he heard Yinsen ask over his shoulder. “I’ve never seen a weapon like that before.”
“Don’t bother," the other man interrupted. "You owe me an explanation and a drink.”
“He agree to get the locations for Sam and Clint?”
Sam shrugged, leading Steve and Tony down the stairs towards the cellars downstairs. “Clint suggested it. Said it was a perfect time to break in the new interrogation room.”
innocent, out of the rest of us. We know that he cut a deal for us at the price of his freedom. We’d like to make some alterations to the deal.”
Even after New York, Sam still didn’t return home. He went to Washington D.C. next, intent on tracking down the Riley’s father. He also needed to know about the man his son had become. His father was as polite and as plastic as expected, as any politician would be, but Sam had still fallen for his trap. Had ignored faint memories of Riley telling him about his father, how terrified he had been that he would end up the same way.
A bomb.
Bucky dropped back down on his mattress and grinned.
“I told you the SSR started back in the war,” Steve responded. “No better place to start collecting info than inside the United States Army.”
“Where’s Steve?” Tony asked. He knew who that blood belonged too. Part of him still clung to the slight uneasiness of violence, but it was barely present. After everything that had happened over the course of his relationship with The Commandos, Tony's tolerance for being directly involved in daily gang brutality had increased immensely. So much so, that the slim part of him that wasn't clouded by these doubts, were reveling in the fact that
Steve's eyes softened as they met his. "What is this?"
“Tony, please,” Steve continued, blatantly ignoring how his voice sounded more like a sob. “You’re gonna be alright, baby, you just gotta fight for me, ok?”
Clint raced forward, trying to pull the man off Hammer.
Steve snorted and stepped out of the lift, feeling around the cool wall for another light switch. When he would the familiar shape, he jammed the switch upwards, heart pounding in his chest, hoping to be met with rows and rows of files and computers.
Hill scoffed. “That’s not your decision. This arrangement was already agreed upon by your boss, and you can’t just- ” she was cut off by a wave of Fury’s hand.
“Maybe I could,” the boy replied sourly, “if you’d let me go out for sports.”
Bucky found himself nodding in agreement. There were many times that Bucky wished Steve shared everything about the files with him. There was a subconscious part of him that was angry, jealous even, that Steve didn’t trust him enough to share his secret. But a larger part of Bucky knew that it wasn’t true. Steve trusted him with anything and everything – like not pestering him about his SSR secrets. The files were the last connection that Steve had with the SSR, the last link to the first family he had after his mom died. Maybe it was a sense of duty, maybe it was to honor the fallen that Steve continued to keep their secrets. Whatever it was, Bucky never questioned it, and was more than happy to sit back and help support the pieces of information that Steve did share.
Dugan. Falsworth. Pinkerton. Morita. Dernier. Jones. Cohen. Juniper. Manelli.
And, as always, thank you for following along on this journey. Although we're nowhere near the light at the end of the tunnel, it's nice to know that we're all heading into the storm together.
Tony sighed, looking back out at the woods. “Where is he, Steve?”
Maybe it was the fact that he was still holding on to Captain America’s hand. For an awkwardly long time. It wasn’t like the man who had been Tony’s favorite superhero/man crush was standing before him or anything. In the flesh.
fucking do that to me again, do you understand?”
Wouldn’t Barnes be happy that Phil was alive? He’d known the mild-tempered cop for a lot longer than Tony had, and Tony had been, once the mid-life crisis had ended, ecstatic. But just like Tony, the joy of the life of a man thought dead was tampered, overruled by grief.
Rubbing his eyes, he got up from his musty motel bed, walking over to the far wall. There Clint had tacked on any useful information he had gathered on Operation Brimstone. Which was a whole load of nothing. The packet he picked up in the forest had listed the head dogs of the entire operation, but after a month of searching, Clint had turned up zilch. All he had was a list of names and an old book.
“You really think HYDRA has a reach this far? Besides, didn’t you hear? HYDRA is fucking dead. We took care of them –
Tony furrowed his brow. "What do you mean? I think it was pretty obviously I'm trying to make out with you in an elevator."
“I’m sorry; I wouldn’t even think to come here unless I knew it was serious,” Coulson managed to stammer out.
Pierce sighed. “Alright, then. Let’s hear it.”
“FRIDAY, how long?”
Steve shifted uncomfortably in his seat as James Rhodes glared down at him. Steve had pictured many faces that could have been Rhodes, but never the stern face that stared back at him. Whenever Tony talked about him, Steve could think of him as nothing other than Tony’s version of Bucky. He raved on and on about their college shenanigans, Rhodes basically being a mother hen, trying desperately to keep his wild chick from raining terror down on MIT’s campus, all the while snickering through the foolishness at Tony’s side. From what Steve had gathered, although Rhodes seemed unusual for being a confidant of Tony Stark, the man had been able to keep up with the genius for years, never once faltering from his side. This man standing in front of Steve, however, was nothing like that.
Tony sputtered. “Wha-what?”
"As per requested, I searched for CCTV footage in Brooklyn for facial recognition. I was able to track your movements back to inner Brooklyn, but not much father than that."
“That’s rich, coming from the guy that promised me tacos only to stop at Burger King,” Clint replied blandly.
“That’s it?” asked Steve.
Justin blanched. That couldn't be possible, could it? “Rumlow’s abduction was over a month ago!" he exclaimed. "Why didn’t we move sooner?”
“Where the hell will you be?” Bucky asked, eyes blazing.
Stark pointed to the corner of the projection. “That look fishy to you?” Sure enough, there was another figure that appeared on the photo. The quality was grainy, and with the added shadows from the buildings, Steve could barely make out his face.
Unless they thought he was.
Across the lawn, Steve’s heart constricted in his throat. It wasn’t his older self that had shown up, but this was just as bad.
Of course, Tony could be staring at these results all day and get absolutely nothing done. Figures.
“Shouting?” Steve replied, his ears training in on the faint sounds.
I just- I… I can’t- ”
“-eve?”
Steve whipped back around to face Tony. Tony looked so small, staring off into the distance, as if lost in a dark memory.
Tony paled. “You think he’s gonna kill me?”
“I do a lot of things.”
us. I am taunted daily with opportunities to take you all and run.”
“Are you sure? We can take a few more days and let you rest- ”
“No, Pep. This thing isn’t for two months, so how about we talk about it in, oh I don’t know, two months? I’ve got more pressing matters than- oh.”
Steve remembered asking Tony about it later, how he let Clint walk all over his designs. Tony just got a small smile on his lips.
And pulled out the sketches from The Captain’s office.
Rogers paled, freezing at Tony’s words. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
"You've been a threat to the growth of my company for years."
“Like you wouldn’t believe,” Tony moaned. “This man made me sleep outside last night, Romanoff. I smell like dirt and squirrel.”
who you are,” Fury boomed in a droll tone. “Steve Rogers.”
“Well, good, because I am too.
Steve didn't move, as did the rest of his crew. "Gesture means nothing to me when I know all the trouble you can cause without a weapon."
“Two, Jed,” he said into the camera, placing two silver blocks on to the small shelf attached to the door.
“What is the meaning of this?!”
Rogers looked over to see his younger self running towards the two. Steve ran over and tackled Rogers. “WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?!”
“Search the place, even the tunnels down below. If they’re trying to get in, get ready to give them the fight of your life.”
She darted into the elevator, hitting the button for the third floor. The descent was silent, leaving Natasha alone to her thoughts. She could only pray that there wasn’t anyone waiting for her on the other side. What’s more, she hoped that Pierce was still in the building.
No, Strange had come bursting through the door, telling Tony that he had finished with Barnes. Which of course meant that Rogers, no different than a lost puppy, raced in to see the other man. Unfortunately, he didn’t give Tony a chance to run off again, as he grabbed the smaller brunette and dragged him along.
“Stane.” Steve yearned to reach out to Tony, to bundle him in his arms, but he refrained.
"-eve?!"
“Hot tub?” Steve laughed.
Barton grabbed at Delmar’s hand. “RUN!”
“It’ll just take a second,” Schmidt responded already flying out of the window.
And well, considering it was the first idea he had in days, he just ran with it.
Upon leaving the bathroom, Steve was hit with a deep chill that came as the temperature drop, the blonde almost scurrying to his room.
Tony hissed. “Don’t you think I know? But we don’t know how long we’re going to be there, Steve! All I can think about it when I’m going to see you again. Or if I ever will.”
“Yes, I’m sure. I tell you I’m not afraid, so you describe the weapon to me. It’s not the gun I’m not afraid of. You gonna shoot it in the air, try and spook me?” Steve snorted. “Go ahead. You wouldn’t let me die; you’re not gonna kill me.”
That had been two days ago. And still nothing. Steve was driving himself crazy thinking that something might go wrong, The team kept in contact, of course, but it did little to soothe Steve's nerves. Loki was dangerous. He still doesn't know how Tony had managed to talk him down from chasing after them as they left.
“What do you mean, he’s gone?”
Steve sat up slowly, looking around. He recognized the building; it was a well-known bank in New York City. Steve turned to go comfort the injured man when we stopped again.
“I’m not wrong! Having cold pizza the next day is as good as, if not better, than when you eat it fresh!”
“What the hell is your problem?” snapped Sam, bending down quickly to pick Steve up, wiping the glass away from him as gently as possible.
He barely heard it, as he was more focused on watching Tony’s hands move gracefully across his tablet, not even pretending to pay attention to the meeting. On the infinite list of reasons why he loved Tony, his hands probably cracked top five. How his fingers danced across a keyboard, and how his callused palms dragged across his back, making him shiver. They were completely different than Steve’s, but an artist hand, no less. They could fabricate any of Tony’s thoughts into reality, working at the same speed as his massive brain, tough enough to mold metal, but delicate enough to work on circuit boards. They were as steady as a surgeon’s, and as firm as a politician’s. Oh, and apparently, they could support literal tons of concrete one second, then cradle kittens gently the next. He could almost feel his touch now, teasing, just like the rest of Tony, reaching into his pants and –
Steve? Who’s gonna keep you safe?!”
“Such high praise. Should I be jealous?” Steve asked, wrapping an arm around Tony’s waist.
“You shouldn’t be up,” a soft voice called out.
“Oh, Sebastian! You’re up early!”
avenue. Meatpacking district.”
“Talk?”
Steve could still hear the deafening roars of his unit that answered his commanding officer.
“Well, I’m down some coffee and a perfectly good window, so I’m not really sure how I benefit here,” Sam chuckled.
“What are you doing here?” Steve uttered in a small voice.
Tony laughed, leaning up to press a final kiss on Steve’s lips. “You know me so well,” he said when he drew away.
Of course, the feeling was short lived, as a small roar echoed through the office. “Rogers!”
Because if Barton was there, Barnes wouldn’t be far behind.
“Oh my God,” Steve moaned. “It makes so much sense. They snagged me and Tony off the street after I picked him up from the office the night before. They must have followed us from the office. It’s probably how they were able to locate and kill those SI employees earlier this month as well. You have a mole.”
Tony shot him a look he had become quite familiar with. The whole ‘
Steve huffed but elected to ignore Tony’s comment. The last thing he needed to do was stroke the man’s ego any further.
Oh, my friends, how I've missed you so.
The cops shouted, obviously catching Bucky in the act. Without stopping, he scooped Clint up, lugging him over to their parked van. The police were closing in fast; Bucky could hear the bullets pelt the side of their armored car as he tossed Clint in the back before making a man dash to the front.
Why won’t I slow down? Because we were
“Enough,” Pierce cut the man off. He gestured to Rumlow. “Go on.”
Bruce had said. Tony should be coming around shortly, but Steve found himself at a loss for words. What could he possibly say to him, when he wanted to say everything?
Bucky stilled, body frozen over the open guts of the car. He knew that voice. But it couldn’t be him, could it?
He watched The Captain roll his eyes dramatically before running a strong hand through his gold locks.
Steve got ready to throw his shield again when someone tackled him.
“The bomb,” Tony started. “When it exploded, metal shards got into my chest. Yinsen tried to pull them all out, but some of them were too small to take out without creating more damage. So, hence the battery,” he said, tapping the reactor with his knuckles. “It keeps the shards from getting to my heart.”
“I’m talkin’ about today, on the podcast.”
He looked down when he heard paper crinkle under his feet. There, under his heel, was a crumpled photo of Barton, laughing as he leaned into Coulson.
Tony got ready to shoot off towards the base, when a huge tremor rocketed underneath him.
Bruce sat in the quinjet, letting his teammates file in. Another successful mission, luckily accomplished without needing the Hulk’s help.
“Tony, it’s not an option. He’ll kill you!”
“What do you mean?”
Now, racing down the hallway in the med bay, Steve’s heart stuttered when he saw that the gauze pads they’d placed over Tony’s wound were already stained red, the man himself looking almost as pale as the sheets.
“Come on, Cap. You look dead on your feet. Go get some sleep.”
“Are you even listening to me?”
Bucky had spent hours, watching and rewatching Stark’s interviews, looking for anything that would give him a clue about the rest of the crew. Searching his facial expressions, how he moved his hands, even focusing on what he was wearing. But he never found anything. Stark was carefully tame in front of the cameras, giving nothing away, giving no sense of anything being wrong. Dancing through each interview like it was a normal Tuesday for him.
It retaliation to Tony’s file leakage, The Captain and his men were
Hill hummed.
“I knew it,” Steve sneered. Inside, his head was pounding. Tony was Iron Man. Or was going to be. Tony was the mass murderer. Steve’s heart throbbed. But it couldn’t be Tony, not the Tony he knew. Steve put his hands into his head.
"Where the hell did you find that thi- you're bleeding." Bucky stated.
Stark rolled his eyes. “What don’t you understand, Barton? It’s not rocket science.”
Rogers startled, the grip on his gun loosening.
Tony turned his head to see a leering Romanoff slip into the office.
“This isn’t working,” Clint said, walking over to the larger blonde. “He’s just throwing you through loops, now. Come on; we’ll find another way.”
Steve shot Sam a dirty look. “This isn’t the first time Tony’s muted JARVIS from answering my commands.”
“Don’t you ever sleep?”
Raza flung something into Tony's lap.
Steve furrowed his brow. “From what?”
“It’s the nature of things, Tony,” Obie explained. “I did what I had too.”
Steve sighed, before looking back up at the ceiling. “Um, JARVIS?”
“Steve.”
“Do we have a plan here?”
Unless it was a little above their pay grade. The Commandos might have weapons and secrets, but Tony still had more. And that was because of wealth. Money can go a long way in this type of business, and Tony was more than thriving.
Clint sighed, pushing his forehead against the cold glass of Tony’s office door. “Oh, Steve,” he whispered under his breath.
“And me, Sir?” Rumlow asked.
Tony swallowed, nodding slowly. “Yeah. Just, go slow, alright?”
Clint had been away from New York for weeks now, it seemed he forgot that the city was often prone to traffic jams. He slammed on the brakes when he found himself in a major pile up. Cling didn’t have time for this.
Still no response.
“We’ll stop you,” Natasha barked back.
Steve bit his lip. “Until the FBI manages to root out the rest of HYDRA.”
“TONY?!”
“Why bother?” Tony asked over his shoulder, fingers flying across the dusty computer. “You know that we’re gonna have to break it down when we leave.”
“Slander his name?”
“Just stop fighting, kiddo.” Another miss.
“Barnes, wake up,” Tony barked, slapping at his face. “Come on, James, work with me here.”
“I don’t know,” Tony answered honestly, shrugging his shoulders. “I don’t even know what I would do if I were in your shoes. I mean, it got us here, right?” he asked gently, almost shyly, as he took one of his hands and pressed it firmly against Steve’s chest, feeling the strong heartbeat thump under his fingertips.
An empty chuckle reverberated through the phone.
Finally reaching outside, both men took off in a sprint, heading towards the tower.
Tasha go get Steve.” Hands grabbed at his shoulders, one warm, one cool. “Stark, Tony, are you okay? Are you hurt? Should I go get Bruce?”
“Because I offered to work with you months ago, Stark. And you told me to shove it where the sun don’t shine,” snapped Fury. “Now, you’re a very proud man. There’s no way you’d come crawling back to me out of your own volition.” At Tony’s silence, he continued. “I will hand it to you. I didn’t think you would make it as long as you did. Color me impressed.”
Instead, Sam listened to the father’s lies and false promises. How he was starting a charity in his son’s name. To help with families that were separated by the war. At the time, Sam had been so proud, so happy to know that Riley could still be helping people beyond the grave.
"Thank you all for coming," he started. "I know there are a lot of questions that you have, surrounding my disappearance. Trust me, I have a lot of the same ones. And we could sit here all day, going back and forth, making accusations, throwing out theories, scribbling anything worthy to print on your papers. And you can do that. But on your own time, and not with me." he paused, taking in their amused faces.
She glared at him in return. “Compliments will get you nowhere,” she snapped. “What on Earth are you doing here? Tony, you should be in bed, you almost had a heart attack today!”
Clint peeked his head out far enough to where Tony could see his hollowed out eyes. “Valiant effort, but no thanks. Go and bug Steve if you’re bored.”
“Go,” Phil said, pushing him towards the door. “Get out of here before he catches us.”
Phil’s brain was screaming at him, his blood singing as it pounded through his veins.
Tony rolled his eyes. “So, how we gonna do this?”
Barton shot him an unimpressed look, leading them left. “What can my boss offer you?”
“I think you already know the answer to that question, Stark.”
What was better, was that another Avenger, the archer, had showed up on the scene and proceeded to enter the building as well.
Steve walked through the rubble gently, eyes darting all over. Until he found the suit.
Silence. Tony’s cheeks were flushed and angry, but Steve wasn’t sure if it was from the newly discovered side effects from Extremis, or if he was embarrassed. Tony crossed his arms defensively. Embarrassed it was.
Tony sighed, rubbing a hand over his face. “Fury is undercover with the FBI, and he has Coulson in custody.” Barnes nodded, already aware of that from Tony just hours previous. “Steve and I, well, we needed a way to get him out, and we talked about cutting another deal with Fury.”
“Umm, hi?” The man was already flustered. This was too easy.
“Yes, sir,” Steve called back. He slowly made his way back to his apartment, hands grasping the vial in his jacket pocket.
Smiling, he reached his arm out. “Natasha!”
"You've got quite a price on your head in the criminal community. I'm sorry to say, that as the head of The Commandos, I'm going to have to kidnap you and bring you back to our base for interrogations," he said, eyes twinkling. "Probably extensive ones, I might add. I'm just wondering if you'll come quietly or if you're going to put up a fight. I hear you're a wily one."
“Which is another way of saying no one is,” Pietro sulked, turning his back on Tony.
What remained of his car looked more like an empty steel shell, covered with remains of melted plastic and bright flames. Right to the left Tony could see the still form of Happy.
He ran south, hoping to catch a train, when something stopped him. Looking down at his hand, he saw an arrow scar, pointing up his arm.
Steve’s mind played back the memory. That had only been last week. Last week and Steve had Tony still molded against his body. Last week when the two laughed without a care in the world. Last week when there was nothing but love.
Natasha raised her eyebrows before muttering a quiet, “Men,” under her breath.
Steve blinked, looking up to find a very worried Tony Stark looking back down at him. “Oh thank god.” Tony reached down and pulled Steve up against him.
"Did you spill?"
“Yes,” Steve confirmed. “For everyone.” He reached into his pocket, placing a sheet of paper on Fury’s desk. “I made a list.”
“Yes, we’ve established that,” Tony sighed, brushing a hand over the shoulder of his shirt.
Tony gave a hollow laugh. "Quite the opposite, you idiot. You've killed me."
“I need to be there for Nat as well.”
Steve shot Bucky a dirty glare. “Real nice, Buck. She’s probably gonna go complain to a manager, now.”
“Well, last night you made me a very happy man. Last night I didn’t think I would be brought to a public mall – under false pretenses I might add – for torture of the highest degree. Nat told me you were a nightmare to shop with, but this is just unbelievable.”
Upon reaching home, Steve headed for the shower. Rinsing off quickly, Steve returned to his room, dressing for the club.
Except he knew the Maximoffs had beef with Tony, especially Wanda. Would they really give him wrong information? No, they'd seen how desperate Clint was. Misgivings or not, they wouldn't risk the wrath of The Captain by leading them on a wild goose chase.
“Agreed,” answered Stane, standing up to leave. “Keep me informed.”
“Because one turns into two, and then two turns into a weeklong business trip, which turns into monthly sightings.”
Tony himself started searching around his office again, when FRIDAY stopped him. “Sir, there’s a problem.”
What would haunt him forever is her eyes. Her once bright and curious eyes, just staring at him, now only cold and empty. He didn’t know how long he sat there, screaming for her to come back, unable to let her slip from his grasp. He prayed, begged, cursed away, trying everything to hear her voice one more time.
Tony let out a sharp gasp, Steve using his surprise to delve his tongue into Tony’s mouth. He pushed Tony against the wall, pinning his hands above his head. Tony keened when he felt Steve push a knee in between his legs, rubbing against his growing arousal.
“If you kill him now, you won’t get all of his information," Tony pushed back. "Look at him! That man over there is not gonna squeal when you start throwing punches; he’ll just bring it to the grave. Throw in some threats, rough him up a little bit, and I’ll do the rest. Let him go and I’ll have every government organization on him from the CIA to the National Park Conservation Association. He won’t last a day out there, and he’ll have no choice but to come crawling back to me. He’ll spill everything he knows, and I’ll make everything go away with a snap of my fingers. And
that he come back. That they needed them. That Steve needed them. And Tony had ignored him. He had refused to take the bait, unable to work himself up to take that final step again. He had been terrified, haunted even, by the idea of what other secrets they were keeping from him, and what else they could use against him. So he had pushed them all away, like the rest of his problems. And now, Steve was paying the price for it.
“Well yea,” Steve scoffed. “The kid over there made sure of that,” he continued, shooting a finger over to the young Schmidt.
“Hoping you were gonna get lucky?” Steve asked playfully.
Heart pounding, he took a step back, Carl falling out of his arms and onto the ground. “Oh my god,” he whispered, already reaching for his phone. He scrambled to type in the number, before remembering that he should run to cover, in case another shot rings out.
“Tony?” He turned, barely able to hear Steve other the pounding in his head. A hand came to rest on his shoulder but he jerked back quickly. Tony accidently met Steve’s eyes, finding a look that was probably just as haunted as his own face. “Tony, I-I…,” Steve started again, shaking his head slowly. “I didn’t mean… God, Tony, it just slipped out.”
The drive to the factory was quick; Clint was still around the area of their base when Phil had called him, his mournful stumbling not getting him too far. He almost cried in relief when he saw some familiar vehicles in the parking lot. Not even bothering to turn off the car, Clint leapt out, sprinting towards the building.
-------------------------
The conversation was scarily similar to one he gave to Bucky, pulling him away from liquor bottles and letting the man weep on his shoulder, still mourning the loss of his arm. Steve swallowed the memory back down.
Tony caught him by the shirt and drew him back in for a proper kiss. “She’s being overdramatic,” Tony said when he pulled away. “I’m sure we can be fashionably late.”
Barnes sighed, getting up from his chair and walking over to Tony’s bar, reaching for a water pitcher also laid out. Tony saw as the other man fumbled with the glass and liquid, clumsy with only having the use of one hand. Barnes poured himself an ample amount before sauntering back to Tony. “You’re right, I don’t. Because I was wrong about you. I told you what kind of man I thought you were, but I was wrong.”
“Sometimes I think it would have been easier if I was never with him, you know? If Fury didn’t let me go to him. Having him here, now, just for him to leave? Doesn’t seem worth it.”
Steve groaned, thrusting into Tony’s hand quickly. Pressing their cocks together was like an electric shock to Steve’s body, the hard muscles rubbing together with fervor. Precome spilled over both of their tips and onto Tony’s hand.
“It’s just,” she sighed, “we’ve seen a lot of people walk in and out of your life. And each time they do, they take a little piece of you with them. I know you’re invested, I know you love them. I’m just worried about what will happen if they decide to leave too. I’m afraid there won’t be much of you left.”
Since the elevators were offline, Clint would have to rely on the stairs.
Rogers snapped his eyes to the missing limb. “He would be dead,” he croaked out, almost choking on his words. “He wouldn’t be here, if it wasn’t for you. You saved him.”
A pained shout from above got both of their attention. Bucky moved automatically, trying to make a break for the stairs to reach Clint.
“Oh, well, I guess I just have that kind of face. I don’t mind the company though.”
Tony clenched his jaw, looking down at his broken body.
“Yes.”
Tony nodded. Steve stepped back over to the bed, pausing only to get another handful of lube, slathering his cock liberally. Tony reveled in the moment, listening to small noise of relief that Steve gave as soon as his hand closed on the hard flesh. He also felt a wave of pride and desire as he watched Steve pinch at his base, staying his orgasm.
Tony rolled his eyes, but obliged. "Do we know who's behind it?" he asked, changing the subject.
Steve cursed as Tony’s line went to voicemail again. His signal was still strong, so Steve knew that Tony was ok. But that meant that he was ignoring Steve.
“An arc reactor?”
“You’re mistaken.” Steve flashed the man a plastic grin. “I haven’t dropped my price. We’re here for immunity, and I won’t leave with anything less.”
Steve woke up alone in his bed. Listening in, he heard his wife making breakfast. He looked down and reread the numbers he had printed on his hand, forcing it into his memory. He closed his eyes. He knew they were coming.
Taking one last deep breath, Bucky pried his eyes open, ignoring the pain from the lights to find his friend. His movements were slow, his eyes listless as he tried to find the familiar face. When he finally saw Steve, Bucky couldn’t help but try and smile.
It wasn’t long into his walk before he felt his body calm, resetting to the contentedness it had gotten used since moving out here. Well, until he heard footsteps sound from further in the wood.
“Mr. Stark,” Fury continued after a moment. “My men have been trying for days to get your statement on what happened at your last business deal.”
“His pressure’s up,” a doctor snapped, her voice almost tinny through the speakers.
Tony was already out of the bed, clawing on a shirt, Steve chucking him his pants. “How am I gonna get rid of him? If he knows where this place is, he’ll want to come in.”
“Fuck you,” Clint hissed.
Dugan looked back at him solemnly. “Closed his loop, today.”
Not this time," Stane interjected. "You've cost us both Stark and Rogers. You can't be allowed to continue."
"I knew I should’ve gone with you to Stark's meeting. Sounds like it was a
shouldn’t be here. We should be at home, curled up in our bed. You should be working on your tablet and pretending not to pay attention to the cheesy rom-com I’m watching. You should be yelling at me for stealing all the blankets and I should be grumbling about how you spread out over most of the bed even though you should be taking up less space. We should be falling asleep after kissing each other stupid, only to wake up to do it all again. That’s where we should be.”
And to Bucky, that was all he needed. Tony Stark got up every day, just to
He could see Steve’s brow furrow, no doubt another argument getting rearing to go, but Tony grabbed at the blonde’s hand. “As hot as I find it when you go domestic, we don’t have time for this. Santa’s got a few more presents to drop off.”
Tony looked at Rhodey questioningly. “No. I thought it must have been you.”
“Well this is awkward. Pep, I’m gonna have to call you back.”
That did it.
Steve’s jaw ticked. “If you’ve read my reports, then you’ll know that it brings me nothing but trouble.”
“It seems pretty clear to me.”
Working with Riley was a nightmare. He was young and carefree, joking around from mission to mission, barely skating by each time without a court martial. His uniform was almost never regulation, he was late to shifts, he postured with the other men, he fought against their orders. The only thing he was good at was jumping – then again, anyone could fall, if they put their mind to it.
Tony groaned into his hands. “Yea, yea, Pep. I’m on it.”
“Steve?”
“Steve,” Sam called him over. “Your boy Stark does some nice work. Think he’ll make me something if I ask nice?”
Steve must have felt him tighten, because he drew his fingers out. “Relax,” he whispered into Tony’s ears. “The first time is always tough. Let me distract you,” he said, grip tightening on his erection that had started to flag. “I’ll take care of you, I promise.”
“Pull it up, J.” JARVIS brought up security footage, giving Tony video from every angle of the building.
“She’s gonna save your life,” Rogers said, not looking up from his watch. “For a long time, she thought we were gonna have a baby. She’d have been a great mother. She loved you so much.”
Tony jolted from his thoughts and gaped at the mob boss.
Tony scoffed. "That would imply that Hammer could build a bomb that works."
“You misunderstand me,” continued Raza. “I don’t need that kind of more.”
Steve ran his fingers around the ridges of the key, humming softly.
“Keep me updated,” Steve said with a small nod, leading Tony out of the elevator and to the kitchen of the common floor where the rest of the team had already dug into their latest meal.
Tony hummed. "Name it and it's yours, Cap."
But that was way down the line. One of the main problems was resources. Sure, Tony could get his hands on the rare materials, but talking in a worldly scope, there wouldn’t be enough to go around for everyone. And that’s not even mentioning the cost.
It was perfect.
“Why?” asked Sam. “Got a lot of unwanted business in a meat shop?”
“This is your own fault you know,” Barnes smiled. “You’re the one who said you wanted to be a Commando.”
Silence.
“Ignore it, FRIDAY! We’ve got more important things to worry about!”
Tony knocked on the door, leaning an ear close to the wood for an answer he knew wasn’t coming. He sighed, looking back down the hallway to where his bad was, currently housing his favorite mob boss, which seemed like a way more inviting option.
he tried to shout, smoke inhalation causing him to break off into a coughing fit. Steve tried to stumble towards the flames when arms pulled him back again.
“Uh, leaving. Together. We’re, uh, we’re not,” Steve stammered. “You’re not leaving with us.”
“Tony Stark.”
He willed the quinjet to faster. Tony needed him.
Steve’s heart pounded. “Who?”
“I can’t,” Steve whispered. “I can’t,
“I’m going to get some fucking pity scones,” Bucky snapped, not even waiting for Steve to reply before stopping down the street. There was a constant pull that tugged at Steve to follow Bucky, but even he couldn’t pick up his feet this time.
“It doesn’t matter Steve! What kind of team doesn’t account for all of its members?! What if something happened to him, Steve? There could have been others here; they could have taken him! We need to find him, Steve. If anything happened to him because of us, I- ”
Tony smacked him on the chest. “We don’t talk about that one.”
“Who knows. The man is insane,” Natasha shrugged. “This whole living arrangement is a disaster.”
“What is it?” Steve whispered.
Thor frowned, looking over at Steve. He could feel the lingering tension in the stare, the unsaid
Natasha, professional as always, didn’t comment on Steve’s appearance. “Steve, this is my friend Olivia. I thought you’d like to meet her.”
if he wasn’t a third wheel already. As if feeling them being watched, Coulson pulled away, quieting shushing Barton’s whine of displeasure before turning back to Tony, raising a single and very unimpressed eyebrow.
“I’ll take care of this,” Natasha said, moving to stand next to him.
Sam had been blind for so long, but Riley hadn’t been. He had seen it, all those years ago. Seen through the lies and the bullshit. He’d tried to tell Sam, but he hadn’t listened. Hadn’t cared. But Sam cared now.
Tony grumbled some form of response before dutifully standing up, stomping up the lab stairs. The pair made it to the elevator, a comfortable silence falling over them as they waited.
“Prove it,” Tony murmured, tilting his head so their lips could meet in a long kiss.
Barnes put down his glass and turned to face Tony. “I’m here offering an olive branch, Stark. I know you’re a proud man; hell, you might be just as stubborn as Steve. But I know you’re smart, and you and I both know that we’re not going to get anywhere divided like this. I’m here because I’m returning a favor to the man who saved my life. Because you can talk game all day, but I think you know that you need us too. It’s my turn to help you now.”
“You heard me.”
“Not by my own knowledge,” Pierce snarled.
Stark shrugged. “He could have had a grenade instead of cyanide.”
The first shot rang out before the door had opened completely.
Phil just offered a wavering smile. “Be careful, Stark. The Captain is rubbing off on you.”
“For a bit,” Steve continued. “Territories were divvied up within the boroughs, businesses spread even so there wouldn’t be any monopolies. Of course, asking a bunch of criminals to adhere to a new set of laws wasn’t going to end well. Agreements were broken, people were screwed over; they started stealing from each other, squabbling and killing each other in the streets.”
The way Barnes locked his jaw was answer enough for Tony.
Steve sighed for probably the millionth time, looking over his shoulder to send his companion a dirty look. Not that he could see it. “Just a few more minutes!” he shouted back, turning back to the mess in front of him. Gratefully, Tony didn’t respond with another scathing comment.
Tony huffed out a hollow laugh. “Always the politician. I knew you’d be back later. It’s a miracle you came back at all.”
Steve hung his head. Steve was no stranger to losing parents pretty early in life, but this? Steve’s heart broke for the kid that lost his parents in such a brutal way. The kid didn’t deserve this, his family didn’t.
“Steve? You with me, pal?”
Tony laughed again, relishing in the way it bounced off the walls of the small room. “You need me. You
Steve leapt to the other side of the broken track and charged the oncoming train. Taking a deep breath, Steve braced himself as the speeding train crashed into him, the blonde’s feet digging painfully into the track below. Grunting in pain, Steve pushed harder against the unforgiving metal, his muscles straining. Slowly, the train’s speed decreased, Steve just able to stop the train cars from slipping down into the gap caused form the explosion.
It was Natasha.
Tony had tried to convince himself that it was a business move. It was strategic; show up as The Captain’s knight in shining armor, and the man would be begging to give Tony favors.
“How hard is it to find one man? Coulson has to be out there somewhere. The man’s was shot, it’s not like he’s going anywhere anytime soon. And yet somehow, he has been able to avoid our gaze for weeks now.”
Pierce led Stane down a maze of hallways, towards the back of the prison. Their walk was silent, but for once, Pierce couldn't detect any lingering tension in the air. It was something he'd always admired about Pierce; the man was exceptionally ruthless once he had a certain goal in mind. But that was what he needed to do to survive as a business man - always playing the game, changing between allies and foes and then back again, all to just stay one step ahead of everyone else. Once they finally reached their destination, Pierce flashed a quick signal to the camera watching them, the green light blinking red as Pierce's men cut the connection.
He reached into his jacket for the post it that was left in his mailbox today.
it to happen. But Rumlow was a good soldier.
“If necessary,” Natasha shrugged. “I wasn’t lying when I said I needed to see if Fury was going to do his job or not. His real job; putting the American people first, and not worrying about government guidelines.”
"Computer? Tablet? Anything?"
It didn’t occur to Steve that he was attracting the wrong type of attention.
“You’re gonna be great.” Tony shot her another winning smile.
“Hmm?”
“And what, they just decided that there wasn’t anything worthwhile in there? I find that hard to believe. If this is Tony Stark’s house, I bet there are about five things that any villain would want from just his bathroom. Why would they pass that up?” Sam scoffed.
“Wait.” Stark stopped him.
“You didn’t say anything.”
HYDRA still had come after his people. So HYDRA would still have to pay. This time with a little more Tony.
“You’re not, you’re not,” Tony argued, but grabbed at Steve like a lifeline, fingers digging into the soft threads of his sweater.
Delmar let Barton pull him out of the interrogation room and down the long stretch of hallway.
From the groan that emanated from the smaller man when he looked down at the screen, Steve already knew what it was about. “Pepper?”
Coulson just shook his head. “All CI’s have to have some form of documentation at the station. There’s nothing. I’ve never had one. There’s no way anyone would have believed me if I said I did.”
“It’s a virus.”
“I’m sorry to say, dear Captain, that this is the end of the line for you. Time to pay for your sins.”
Tony shook his head, rising his eye line to meet the gazes of hungry reporters. "I came to realize that I have more to offer to this world than just making things blow up. And that is why, effective immediately, I am shutting down that weapons manufacturing division of - "
Steve still couldn’t fathom how much that conversation changed his life.
It was the first time he had told Tony, with cheeks flushed and pulse racing, much like he was a fumbling high-schooler all over again. But he’d never forget the way Tony had looked at him. How he’d kissed him, how he’d held him. It was in that moment that he knew that he was completely whole. Knew that he wasn’t too late this time.
JARVIS obliged, showing when The Captain initially pulled up to the warehouse with Tony. "Now fast forward to when I leave." The video changed, showing a laughing Tony drive off.
“This is the stupidest shit I’ve ever heard off,” Bucky snapped.
Steve shook his head, his mind already racing to the worst possible scenario. Yinsen was just a witness; he was the odd man out in the equation. If Steve was on the other side, he could see Yinsen being of no use, a spare. Steve could only pray that another innocent hadn’t lost their life because of him.
The man stared into the office, met with a pair of hard glances, one with anger, the other with confusion.
After ‘breaking out of the clink’, as Tony put it, the brunette brought Clint into SI’s main office in downtown New York – not without a quick burger stop. The building, well, tower really, was everything he expected it to be. It was loud, sleek, and ostentatious; basically Tony personified in a building.
Clint found himself nodding, Phil’s words shaking his core. He was right. HYDRA was still out there. He needed to get to safety. He needed to get his family to safety.
Wanda rolled her eyes. “Clint.”
Steve shot a glance over to Clint, who had curled away from the noise, as if pretending it didn't exist.
They were all standing in a near empty parking lot, the morning bleak and foggy. They were standing on either side of a parking spot, the yellow line acting as the unofficial line in the sand. Bucky, Sam and Natasha stood behind him, each a comforting presence, but Steve could feel the lingering tension between them all.
Tony laughed.
“Huh.”
“Really?” Tony chuckled. “What do a couple of law-abiding citizens such as ourselves have that the FBI would be interested in?”
“I was waiting on you, Captain,” answered Thor. “I have been told there is power in numbers,” he said with a beaming smile.
“But you did! And here’s what I don’t get. I don’t understand why you get to sit there and yell at me, when I know you would've done the exact same thing. Are you telling me that if you were there as our home burned to the ground, you would’ve took off running? That you would’ve ran to safety and left me to die?”
Another stream of tears fell down Steve’s face. “I love you,” he whispered into his husband’s hair as he started to gently rock him, humming a long forgotten melody.
He and Tony remained quiet for a few moments. “What if he comes back in and arrests us?”
Wanda slumped her shoulders. “Fine. We’ll poke around, but as soon as things start to get hairy, we’re out of there. I don’t want either of us tangled up in this mess.”
Clint rolled his eyes, sliding forward to stand up, listening to his joints pop. “What can I say, Stark. I’m a classy broad; I expect to be wined and dined. You got a bathroom in this joint?”
He flung his shield.
Tony narrowed his eyes. “Why?”
“Well, I sure as hell don’t know you!” Mrs. Mason shouted shrilly.
“Well, we better figure it out quick, because Stark is out of warehouses. How much longer until they find something else to attack?”
And with Tony it hadn't been any different. Except this time, he didn't have any time to revel in it before Tony was ripped away from him.
“No, you don’t get to do that,” Rhodes snapped, pressing a finger into Steve’s chest. “You can’t talk about him like a long lost friend. From what I gathered here, your relationship with him is nothing but destructive. I shouldn’t let you anywhere near Tony!”
Steve huffed affectionately. “I can think of a few instances at Coney Island that ended up with my head in a trashcan.”
Sorry to throw you guys through some loops; just got to keep you on your toes and pretend that I'm a legit and fancy author.
Sam grabbed at him again. “Yeah, about that. Are you sure about this? Loki, he’s bad news.”
“Jesus, Clint.”
“We’re protecting people, Sam!”
“Bucky, you’re here. Can you get Steve a – why are
“Obliviously not well enough, if you’ve dropped your price to just Coulson,” said Fury. “The act of the compromise is an art form, really.”
“Oh, wow. Very original- ”
“Clint?” Steve called out across the room.
“God forbid we interrupt what was no doubt turning into a raucous night of Wheel of Fortune and a TV dinner,” another voice added.
“A little money! Steve, where the hell am I gonna go?!”
in the air and they could all no doubt taste it on their tongues, but no one made the first move to address it.
“We should head back. If we can convince Delmar that we have Beattie as well, maybe he’ll talk some more.”
It wasn’t the act of a gift, itself. Tony had spent almost his entire life being showered with shiny and expensive things. But Steve knew those things meant nothing to him. They were all empty, tokens of fake admiration and false loyalty.
Steve just sighed, not bothering to call him out on his tone. "Just give him time. He'll come around."
What Tony wasn’t expecting, as he continued to shuffle through, was a picture, almost yellow in age, to freeze the blood in his veins.
He knew something was missing before he even opened his eyes. The void next to him – which was becoming more and more common with each passing day – confirmed that Tony was gone, up and off to other things. Steve cracked his eyes open to glare at the bare space in front of him. On the other edge of the bed lay Bucky, still heavy with sleep, but with an arm stretched out into the opening, reaching for a man that was no longer there.
“You know it, Birdbrain,” Tony smiled.
Sam shot him an unimpressed look. “You’re very late.”
Tony’s newest shipment of arms should keep the military boys happy for a while. It was ingenious, honestly. The law couldn’t touch him. No one in their right mind would have the balls to go after Tony Stark. Not when he was one of the military’s main weapons contractor. They
How wrong he was.
“Lock him up. We’ll deal with him later. We’re getting called out to find the other one.”
The Captain decided that they needed to keep everything the same; if HYDRA had been canvasing them, having routine would probably increase their chances. Same building. Same dark room. Same time. Same old iron chair that Tony found himself tied to yet again.
“I do. Loki might be the root of our problems, but you are not without blame. You kept Steve Rogers from me and you played a part in me losing Stark.”
“You don’t think I know that?” Steve hissed at his friend. Tony came up behind him, placing a comforting arm on his back. “You think I’m happy with this arrangement?”
Steve lumbered out slowly, closing the door behind him before leaning back down through the window. “See you next Wednesday?”
“Don’t you ‘
“Thirty years from now was yesterday. I remember it.”
“Umm, hello,” Steve managed to force out, looking away, embarrassed.
Tony said nothing, but Barnes must have seen the shock on his face. He didn't actually think that Rogers would ever go through with that.
worth it. Those crazy ass kids in there are worth it. I’m not going anywhere, you understand me?”
The part of the map Steve grabbed must have had the numbers that Rogers had shown him. “Those numbers mean anything to you?”
have.”
Tony started to push off the couch to get a closer look when he heard a gun cock to his right.
“It’s outside?” Bucky added, looking strangely at Tony. “Doll, maybe we should go change, and- ”
Steve flushed, looking over at Bucky, who was just gaping at the arm. “Is-is that?”
The redhead whipped around, mouth opening in shock when her eyes found the archer.
Even with his eyes, Loki was sure that the marksman caught the look of uncertainty shoot across Loki’s face before the bored and blank mask returned. “The archer? Really, Captain, I would have thought I warranted someone a little more capable than him.”
He sniffed.
This time, Clint just shrugged nonchalantly. “You said Loki’s smart. He’ll be prepared for our usual techniques. He won’t expect me, though.”
Steve hummed happily, greedily dipping into Tony’s mouth, wrapping the smaller man up in his arms until Tony pulled away from air. The brunette dipped back down, snuggling into Steve’s chest.
Steve growled. “I don’t have time to take a day. You damn well know that.”
Tony tried to flip over to look at him, but stopped with another gasp of pain. Steve tightened his hold around him, trying to cocoon him the best he could. “Don’t move so much. Just try and relax.”
“Yea, Nat. Give me a sitrep.”
Tony glanced down at his injured arm, the previous events flashing through his mind. He smiled, however, when he looked at the neat row of stitches, thinking of the quirky Bruce Banner. Tony had remembered the news plastering the doctor's face all over New York and the world, while the man duked in out with General Ross. What he'd down wad incredible, his inner self whooping for joy as the seemingly timid man did what Tony couldn't manage with his own father. Tony had actually planned on reaching out to the man, only to be devastated when the news reported him deceased. Finding him alive and well was the Holy Grail that Tony didn't know he needed. He couldn’t wait to pick his brain later.
“Steve, I- ”
Steve was an enigma; Tony couldn’t get a handle on him. Steve just sat there listening to Tony ramble on and on, all with a small smile on his face; like he had wanted to be nowhere except for where he was. And of course, Steve had regaled Tony with stories of growing up a sickly kid. How he would run around the alleys taking on guys three times his size; Tony found it absolutely endearing.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve felt his blood turn icy. This was not good. Anonymity was one of his greatest assets; it protected both him and his team. Unmasking Steve Rogers could be disastrous.
“They had a kid,” Tony continued, the man staring down into his whiskey glass. “A boy.”
“It’s not what I want, it’s what you want.”
that I’m doing more than okay.”
“Only you would get snatched from an armored car,” Rhodey joked with wet eyes, his grip tightening around Tony. Tony couldn’t help but break into a smile, inching closer, not daring to lose contact with Rhodey. “Next time you ride with me, got it?”
Steve watched in pain as Tony’s struggles grew more manic. “I won’t! I promise,” he cried, tears streaming down freely. “I won’t lie,
What had surprised Steve was the amount of hits Clint got on both him and Bucky. Clint was fast; Steve even found himself struggling to keep up. What shocked Steve even more, was that Clint managed to disable Bucky's trusty knife with a few quick moves, and then move to throw it at Steve's arm, effectively catching his jacket sleeve, stopping Steve's charge.
Steve’s heart jumped in his chest. Tony had been out in the field since he’d been sick, but this was the first time he’d been out where they really had to throw their weight around. Tony was fine, he was
“Exactly,” Tony hissed. “You just sat back and let my family die.”
Now wasn’t that just a Shakespearean tragedy: The Copper and the Crook.
Tony was shaking his head, eyes blinking furiously. “No. I won’t let you," he moaned. "We didn’t spend the past three months slaving away just for you to quit here!”
Riley’s father’s foundation didn’t last the week. He could still remember the news that night, watching as the police tore the man away from his residence, his face red from screaming, and into the back seat of a cop car. The rush of grim satisfaction lasted only momentarily.
“Yep." Suddenly the pens on his desk - seriously who put these here, he doesn't even
Pepper asked as she picked up.
Steve’s face softened, leaning forward enough to knock their heads together. Tony’s eyes slipped shut again and he breathed deep, shivering as Steve’s hands trailed through his hair. Tony trailed his own over Steve’s chest, curling them around his neck to feel the steady pulse. He wasn’t sure how long they stood there, sharing each other’s warmth. Loud footsteps sounded through the hall and the pair startled, the moment shattered by the harsh reminder of their current predicament.
He pleaded into the phone for Pepper to answer, but he never got a response. There was an occasional muffle on the other line, but nothing else. She must have dropped the phone.
Growing up in a house full of women had been difficult; he’d become the man of the house when he was just seven. His father had died overseas, fighting – he still remembers his mother’s face when she told him. Remembers the tears down her face when she whispered,
Gathering her belongings, she looked around the office one last time. She could stall some more and go through everyone else’s lockers again. It offered some free entertainment every few weeks – per her last perusing, she’d found out that the yoga teacher was having an affair with the soul cycle instructor, and that boot camp instructor was sneaking funds from the charity box. But even the potential thrill of black mailing seemed dull, and Natasha headed for the door. “See ya Wednesday,” she drawled to the empty room.
Tony sat wordlessly.
“I can do that, Sir.”
If that meant that he got his ass handed to him every once in a while, and be chastised for being an immature child? Fine.
Tony chuckled, releasing the emergency stop, pressing the button for the garage. "I guess it depends if resisting will be more favorable to me."
There, on the ground with a bullet in his head was Fury. Rumlow couldn’t believe it; Rogers had killed him.
Phil scoffed loudly, rolling his eyes. “What?” Steve asked.
But it never came.
“You think I wouldn’t pay the price for you all either? This protection thing, well, it’s basically prison without bars, so why does it matter? Hell, prison might have better food. At least I’ll make some friends there,” he added with a smile.
Clint huffed affectionately. “He’s still gonna kill me.”
Bucky heard Clint open the door, listening as the man sucked in a breath.
But no, you come waltzing in one day and suddenly I’m nothing more than an accessory. Why did he pick you?! What made you so goddamn special?! I sat every single goddamned day of my life, just waiting for my dad to come home one day and tell me I finally made it. That I could finally come work with him. But he gave it to
Tony scoffed. “Well, you lied to me too, Steve!”
“Steve,” Tony sighed, “we have an obligation to keep the world safe.”
He was still there. Still smiling.
“Bucky, listen to me. There is- ”
“Yes, yes you should have,” Tony pouted. He paused, biting his lip. “So. You comin’ with?”
A brief silence.
Rogers was shaking, his blood pounding through his veins. He couldn’t stop, wouldn’t stop. It was too late for mercy; it was too late for forgiveness.
Tony hummed. “Not in my nature, mon Capitaine.”
They were yanking at his chest now.
She knew why Sam had gone with her; she wasn’t stupid, and James sure as hell wasn’t sneaky. Part of her was frustrated, finding herself in a situation she was all too familiar with. Ever since she was a little girl, he had made a vow to herself to be strong on her own, never having to resort to lean on a man.
“Well, that’s not something you find out every day,” Bucky laughed, trying to lighten the mood. “So, what now?”
“No, Tony. I’ll be fine once I know that everyone’s safe. Come on,” he continued, looking to the rest of the team. “Grab everything you can; we’ll come back for the rest later.”
“I’m his history teacher, Mr. Sitwell,” the man sneered back, crossing his arms. “Your son keeps putting thumb tacks on my stool!”
Nat shook her head. “I haven’t heard anything from my sources. Maybe they haven’t reached a deal yet.”
“Why are you looking at me?" Pierce shouted back at him. "If you had ever done your job correctly, Stark would have been finished off years ago.”
But Ma didn’t.
“I’m sorry,” Tony whispered into Steve’s hair.
Not even waiting for an answer, Clint charged through the back room. While he didn’t know exactly where Steve was, the screams that were coming from the rear door was clue enough for him. Clint burst through the door, watching as Steve’s hands were just curling around Hammer’s throat.
“That’s our latest problem,” replied Tony. “He just tried to kill Steve.”
Before he knew it, the car was stopped again, and Obadiah was back outside, standing in one of the harbor’s shipping warehouses.
Steve saluted his thanks before turning to the group in front of him. “Bucky, take Nat and go right. Rhodes and I will go left.”
“Who?”
“It’s my fault!”
-------------------------
When more ice poured out on his feet he roared, slamming the fridge door shut.
He punched a few numbers into phone, waiting for a familiar voice. “FRIDAY?”
Bucky jerked his head to the left, to the screen where Fury was displayed, glowering at him, arms crossed and face resting in grim disappointment as usual. Even while not there in person, Steve could feel his domineering presence in the room.  “I asked,” he said, “if you had anything else to add, Captain? Or is there somewhere else you need to be?”
know where Stark was,” Stane mussed, standing up slowly. “Anyway. Loki’s being sent away; our business is done. Do yourself a favor and stay out of my way. Don’t forget that you’re not the only man with power in this city.”
Bucky opened the front door and ushered the pair inside. He turned to see both Steve and Tony take in their surroundings, checking over his new house carefully. Bucky frowned at their silence.
"Pepper went with him in the ambulance. She called me on my way over. He's stable right now, but he's isn't responding."
“I know what he said. But this,” Tony said, pointing back at the picture. “This makes him wrong. And this makes him very much in danger. Come on, we’re leaving.”
“You just got interrogated by Clint Barton,” Barnes replied, clapping a hand on Loki’s shoulder. “You played your part so well. Seriously, Oscar worthy. It was almost as if you really believed you were getting out of here.”
Tony sighed. It must be Bruce. While on any other day Tony would love his consoling from his friend, he knew that there no way he could sit through any of his pitied looks today. “Go away, Bruce,” said Tony, starting to turn around. With the mask still on, Tony couldn’t make out much of the figure besides the shape of a white lab coat forming around it. “I’m working, and I’m really- ”
“This is because I don’t have powers, isn’t it?” Schmidt snapped. “That I wasn’t born special like you! Well not every superhero has power, you know. I can be a hero without them; I can make my own!”
Steve had barely shut the car door before he was tearing back towards Brooklyn. If HYDRA was there today to make a move against Stark, who knew how many other eyes were still watching in the shadows. No one of HYDRA had ever seen his face and survived, but he wasn't taking any chances. If HYDRA was already willing to take on Stark, it probably wouldn't be long before he made a move on his own crew.
Bucky reached a hand out, placing it on Steve’s shoulder. “Then we’ll make it together. There are always other options, Steve.”
Bucky elbowed him hard, startling him from his daydream.
“Besides,” Tony continued. “I didn’t do a good job keeping you safe either.”
Tony shrugged. “I may have thought about it a few times.”
Red numbers stared back at him.
“Yes, you are,” Tony scoffed. “You can’t deny that you and Bucky don’t like some of the Extremis side effects. When we went on that run with Sam? You couldn’t keep that dopey smile off your damn face. And I definitely look younger. My grays are gone, and- ”
“Woah, woah, woah, slow down,” Steve placated. “Whatever it is, we’ll deal with it, just take a breath- ”
Of course, the logical part of his brain tried to convince him that they didn’t know if Tony was even here or not, but Steve tuned it out. Tony had to be here. He just
-------------------------
“Are those how you escaped from the sewers?” Clint asked, looking at the devices in interest.
It was then that he thought of the date. The date he
“It was always mine,” Obie countered, back on his feet. “You and your father were just too dumb enough to see it.” The shrill whine was the only warning he got before another explosion went off beside him.
“Well, then, humor me. Pray tell how you got mixed up with them.”
Thor would never participate in their taunts. Despite everything, Loki was still his brother. That is a bond that he could never break.
Still no response. Bucky was the first to stand up, stalking away, making a pit stop at the bar to snag a full bottle of whiskey. Natasha followed right after him, trailed by Clint. The rest of them left, one by one, until Tony was alone. He trusted them not to make a run for it; he knew that they understood that this was their only choice, but he knew that they needed to grieve in their own ways.
“That’s how we find Phil. We need to get to Fury.”
Steve was gone.
Steve blanched. “I’m sorry?”
Of course, the whole crashing a plane in the arctic put him a little behind schedule. But Steve’s guilt followed him everywhere. He needed to own up to at least one crime. Of course, a quick search with JARVIS nearly crushed Steve.
“Do we?” he asked, teeth clenched together. “I got you a gift, and you hate it. I’ll just return it! Happens with couples all the time.”
“I am absolutely serious,” Steve replied. “Hey, you were the one who agreed to camping- ”
“So hot,” Bucky whispered under his breath.
-------------------------
Bucky was gone.
Steve sighed, looking to the sky. “Look. I’m not a threat to you. I need to be on your property. I won’t bug you; I’ll stay out in the woods. I just need you to do one thing. Just look at this, and then you’ll never have to deal with me again.” Steve handed Tony the map he took. “Just verify that this is your mansion on the map.”
“You make up rules when we go to sporting events,” Steve chuckled. “You have no idea what’s going on most of the time, but you make stuff up just to make us laugh. You’ve wasted so much time at these things – which I know you absolutely detest – but you go anyway, because you know we love it and you want to make us happy, and I love you so much for that.”
“Spit it out, Rumlow. I don’t have all day.”
These two really were a match made in heaven. “Yes, Tony,” she said. “We’re done talking about our feelings.”
“I didn’t say that; you’ll see our guy. Now come on, we’re almost there.”
“It’s an arm,” Bucky whispered. “Is it for me?”
The wood in the arms of his chair creaked under his grip as Pierce watched Stane saunter from his office, all to run into a frantic Grant Ward. Stane passes the younger man a stony glare, but didn’t stop from leaving the office. Once the doorway was clear, Ward shut the door behind him.
Tony swatted at his arm, darting away. “Don’t try anything,” Tony quipped, wagging a finger at Steve. “I’m not that easy. I expect a meal first.”
Pierce rolled his eyes. “Can I help you with anything, Stane? You’ve been behaving, haven’t you? No other bombs I should know about?”
"Don't bother," Stane snorted. "You don't have anything we want."
“I don’t understand,” Phil repeated, stumbling over his words. “You were looking into me? Why?”
Steve glanced around the room again. What the hell was happening? Maybe he was really dead.
Steve shot him a soft smile. “Alright,” he said, leaning back on his knees. “Where’s your lube?”
Tony threw his hands in the air. “How the hell could you possibly now that?”
A broken wheeze from pipes sounded along with it every now and them.
(See the end of the chapter for
Strong arms engulfed him, pressing him into Steve’s chest. He shushed Tony, rubbing his hand along Tony’s back, kissing his forehead gently. He could even feel Barnes rest a metal hand against his shoulder. “Of course we believe you,” Steve soothed. “Jesus, Tony, I’m so sorry.”
“Relax, my friend. Sarah would like a word with you.”
“Just some minor heart surgery,” Tony replied before Barnes could even open his mouth.
Phil nodded slightly, looking down at the document. What did that have to do with anything?
“You're cute, but you're stupid," Tony hissed. "You want to know what else they should have warned you about?” Tony whispered, getting the blonde to lean in towards him.
“I need to get to the office, but I seem to be on house arrest. I need you to find me a way out of here.”
“Tony, are you even listening to me?”
Steve shook his head slowly. “Tony…” he started.
“What the hell?” Steve gaped.
Pepper pulled out her schedule. “Tony said he wasn’t going to be in the office until next Tuesday. I just assumed it was him trying to lay low and hide from you guys, because you know, you’re supposed to be enemies and such. Tony’s erratic like this anyway, so I didn’t even think twice about it; I can’t even tell you how many surprise trips to Paris we’ve had.”
His eyes fluttered open and Clint was leaning over him, bruised and bloody, but
“Stark Industries? Why? We need you guys here.”
“No time,” Tony retorted, swinging his legs back over the chair. “You heard Wilson. We’ve got work to do.”
“JARVIS is programmed to send us an alert if you think about going anywhere near the lab. Or if you try to leave the building for that matter.”
“A true gentlemen,” Tony huffed, running back to the stairs. “When you catch up with me, try and avoid hitting the face, yeah? It’s my best feature.”
“I said he wasn’t coming, I didn’t say he wasn’t helping.” Bucky reached into his pocket and pulled out some folded photographs. “You said Steve’s been here all week?”
Clint heard Steve call for him again, but he was already out the door. He ran into Bucky, but just grabbed the man, pushing car keys into his hands. “Get me to Phil.
“I like it,” Steve whispered.
Pierce was turned away from her, as well as the three men that flanked him as protection. Each of them were staring at Fury, who was the only one still standing on his side, gun aimed at Pierce. If he saw Natasha looking in, he didn’t give any indication.
Fury husked out a faint chuckle. “No, thank you. I won’t overstay be welcome. I just have a few questions.”
“Nat.” Steve’s voice was hoarse.
Tony clenched his jaw. "No, I can't
can help. This is HYDRA we’re talking about here. I know I don’t know what happened the first time, but something tells me it wasn’t pretty. I don’t think we can risk underestimating them again.
His steps and the wheels of the stroller echoed loudly off the floor, putting Steve on edge. Whether if it was at home at the tower or here at base, Steve always knew if Tony was there just from the pumping vibrations of the rock music he loved. But here, in the stillness of the lab, only silence answered Steve. Ignoring the gnawing feeling in his gut, Steve pushed the stroller towards Tony’s section of the lab.
That wasn’t right. Wasn’t it? Tony wasn’t Howard; he’d spent a whole lifetime proving that he wasn’t anything like that man.
“Will you quit it with the goddamn note! You have to understand; I can’t have you running off without telling anyone.”
Steve charged toward the back exit, only to be stopped by a fireman.
“Because despite all that, they needed the SSR in order to survive.”
“Steve, I’m a certified genius. Don’t insult me.”
“That’s not true,” countered Steve. “We still have Hammer; we’ll be able to pull info from him.”
Bucky placed the tray down before wringing his hands nervously. “Well, you haven’t eaten anything all day, so it seemed like the best course of action.”
“And why would that be necessary?”
“If your name is listed, you sure as hell don’t sound concerned,” Tony noticed. “If Pierce is going public with this and you’re somehow involved, that could mean bad things for you. No more corner office.”
“Captain Rogers?”
“He’s dying, Bruce,” he whispered.
“Did I miss anything?” she asked.
“Where is the rest of my team?”
“Burn in hell,” Tony yelled, firing both repulsors full blast, one catching an ammunition box, setting in ablaze. Raza started screaming, rolling around on the floor, but Tony found that he only had eyes for one man.
It wasn't enough, as the hammer was swung down, two of Tony's fingers crushing loudly. Tony's scream echoed through the room, the man struggling harder against the thugs as they brought the hammer down again. Steve’s chest was heaving, his brain in overdrive as it screamed at him to help.
written into the impeccable wrapping paper in Pepper’s neat scrawl, Tony had been ecstatic. Pepper had always been the best at gift giving – another superpower, Tony was convinced. How she managed to find something for him, the man who had everything, was increasingly mind-boggling.
“I know, I know, I just – I don’t know how to explain it. You were just off, that’s all.”
Clint gagged, but saw a small smile grace Steve’s face. “You’re a menace.”
Howard had been right about one thing. The only one that he could protect himself was to keep away from the lies. All the slander.
Pepper patted his cheek. “Good. I’ll see you tomorrow.” And with that, the redhead and her heels clicked back down the hallway, his son already dozing in her arms.
The Captain shrugged. “Doesn’t mean I can’t be friendly.”
Obie just waved him off. “Anything for you, my boy. Now, you know how this works. The board it going to be pretty pissed, but I’m sure they’ll forget it ever happened if you come in with a shiny new toy for them to play with.”
“Well. You found him. And then you lost him again.” Fury glared his one eye down at a nervous Rumlow.
Steve hummed knowingly, sitting down in the chair opposite her, vibrant eyes staring into hers. Despite his track record, Steve could be known to sit back and think things through. He had a mind for strategy, playing out various scenarios in his head before deciding on his next move. She could see his mind whirring, racing through questions she knew he wanted to ask, things he wanted to say, but still, he sat in silence. Waiting for her to make the next move, knowing that nothing he could say could really say what he wanted.
“It is quite unfortunate that Mr. Stark managed to escape, but you’ll do just fine.” With that, the fireman pulled out two pistols from under his uniform and aimed them at Steve.
A.M. meant morning, which meant he never went to bed last night. A bed, with which his favorite super soldier had been in. Alone. “Time flies when you’re having fun?” Tony tried to joke. The glare that Steve shot him was answer enough.
“Doctor. It is an
They themselves shouldn’t even be bothering with dawdling.
could upset the current equilibrium of the suit. Maybe a different concentration of the alloy? Different concentrations mean different yield strengths. Scratch that, maybe he needs more ammo. He’d run out of missiles halfway through the fight, and repulsors could only do so much. They were constantly faced with new threats; Tony needed the best suit out there to get the job done.
Barton looked at him, but said nothing. Instead, he walked over to the far side of the room, pulled out a gun, and shot the camera in the room.
Bucky corrected. “Loyal regulars, at that. Ones that won’t go cursing are names if we take a week off. Lots of podcasts take breaks.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve could see the man ball his hands into fists, glaring daggers at Steve. Steve’s chest tightened; it had been a long time since he had gotten a look like that. But despite how he felt, Steve knew he was right. He wouldn’t risk Tony again. The man talked big game, but Steve wasn’t going to let him go out to the field unprepared. Tony had his world, and Steve had his. Steve wasn’t about to drag Tony into the hell hole of violence and blood that Steve and his men saw. Tony wasn’t meant for it.
“Yes,” The Skull sneered. “All those little secrets, locked inside that head of yours. Or so everyone thought.”
Steve froze.
“Rogers?”
this too.”
Steve cut up some chicken, smiling when a pair of arms wrapped snuggly around his waist. He gave a soft sigh when he felt kisses against his neck as well.
And then all of a sudden, it will be tomorrow and I will have lost a full night’s work due to your excessive mother-henning.”
Everyone here is fine.”
“Well, now that you’ve permission from Dad, can you send us where we need to go? Barton and I have some work to do.”
No way he was back to collect them yet. On one else should be coming up here, especially since a keycard was needed to activate this floor. Something wasn’t right. She looked back at Ward, who was also looking at the doors. They had hit the floor, but they still didn’t open. Someone was holding them shut.
Sam knew, now. And he was just getting started.
Tony. He felt like he was back at boarding school, all of the kids lining up, trying to prove their worth to the team’s captain, trying not to be the last one picked for dodgeball.
Steve heard the door click behind him but he paid it no mind, instead just focusing on the callused fingers that he linked through his. While Tony looked peaceful in his slumber, Steve wanted him to be anything but. He wished that Tony would look like he usually slept; unintelligible ramblings slipping out of his mouth as he snored slightly, his body twitchy slightly, in motion as it always was. Now, Tony was still. Quiet. Steve hated it.
“Yes,” Steve answered with a light kiss. “I promise.”
Steve reached behind him and pulled out his weapon from his waistband. He cocked his gun and leveled it with Stark’s temple. “Tell me, Stark.
Across the street, Tony eyed a general store. He was working his day job, so he hadn't brought his own gun to defend himself - which given the threat of HYDRA out there (and now apparently The Captain), it probably wasn't the smartest move. But hey, Tony was a law abiding citizen; or at least trying to convince people that he was. That meant that he would have to get creative if he wanted to escape. The convenience store would be his ticket out of there. Tony took a deep breath before shooting out across the street, sprinting to make it in the shop before he was gunned down by The Captain’s eye in the sky. He burst inside, barely giving him time to relish in the fact that he hadn't been shot again before quickly ducking down a side aisle, looking for ideas.
Couldn’t he? It wasn’t like he had any other type of plan. Causing any sort of scene would get him arrester on sight, and there was no way they’d let him near Fury after that. Trying to sneak through the building seemed to have a similar outcome.
A sharp knock on the door pulled him from his thoughts. “Ah, Commissioner,” he said as Fury slipped through his door.
Rumlow had his taser out, bringing Rogers to the ground before he could so as much scream.
“I’m so sorry,” was Steve’s only response.
Bucky slumped in the wet sand, head dizzy with relief. “We need to move,” Hill continued. “Got word from Fury; Pierce is dead. Once they catch wind of that and this explosion, the rest of HYDRA will be on the move. Up,” she said, prodding at Bucky’s shoulder. “You need to stick to the plan.”
“Well, not through the front door,” Steve slurred.
“I do.”
“No,” Barton responded. “But I’m willing to learn how.”
It was too soon before both men broke apart, gasping for air, Steve proceeding to continue his conquest by placing searing kisses down along Tony’s neck. “Missed you,” the blonde uttered quickly, as if not wanting his lips away from Tony’s skin for a prolonged about of time. Tony’s heart clenched at the thought of Steve sitting along, desperately trying to find Tony day in and day out. He could feel his emotions getting the best of him so Tony reached down, jerking Steve’s mouth back to reconnect with his.
Sam was silent for a moment. “Of course, Steve. But I’m with Bucky on this one. You can’t go down to the station.”
“Stark?” a voice asked. “Tony? Tony, where are- Jesus Christ!”
“-you nuts? You’re going to get yourself killed!”
Clint dipped out of the room with impressive speed, a slight limp in his left foot; one that definitely wasn’t there earlier. Natasha and Bruce followed, Bruce having the decency to shoot a compassionate wince their direction.
"Of course, Sir." JARVIS dutifully followed The Captain, switching cameras every time he fell out of frame. It wasn't long before The Captain slipped out of view completely. "This is the last of the available footage for the area."
Cheers to over 100K!
“Maybe,” Tony grinned.
Steve said nothing. Sharon came with their breakfast, leaving them alone again.
“I-I what?”
by him. And every damn day, he watched when his dad return home, a smile plastered on his face until he saw Tony. The man would berate him in every way imaginable, Howard loving nothing more than listing all of his flaws, showcasing how he always managed to fall short to the unattainable Steve Rogers. And when he was alone again, crawling back in his lab to lick his wounds in private, he would be right back where he started - with his mind wandering to the relationship his father had with the unknown man. He always wondered what his dad ever said about him to his work colleagues - the man always made it clear enough to Tony why he was never worthy to see that side of the business. But what spite did he spew for the SSR? Was it the same, or did Howard save the worst of it for his chums? Did they agree with him? They must have, if no one ever trusted him to be involved in that world. But to hear that from Steve, to hear that he was so unwanted that he wasn't even a single thought in his Howard's mind? That he wasn't even worth his own father's disappointment?
Clint nodded. “Everyone else is working.”
"Are you alright?" Steve pressed, completely ignoring Tony's comments. "Anyone try to get in the building?"
Tony threw a look at Steve, smacking his shoulder. “I told you.”
Steve threw him the brochure he found at a rest area that they’d previously stopped in. There had been a full wall of these pamphlets, small towns putting their achievements on blast in hopes that some desperate tourists would stop through. There were plenty of other places that Steve could have taken Tony – places that he was sure to have enjoyed more – but there was something about this town that was so utterly ridiculous that he couldn’t get out of his head. Besides, there could be plenty of chances for him to go on cave tours. How many more times was he going to be close enough to see the World’s Largest Mailbox?
“I have a knack for exceeding expectations,” Tony grinned, shark-like.
The two of them probably looked like idiots, just standing there smiling at each other. It was finally Tony that broke the silence. “Well, it’s getting pretty late, I should- ”
Steve rubbed his temple, forcing the quinjet to go faster. He could see smoke billowing in the city’s skyline.
So, the fact that it had been over ten minutes and hadn’t said a single word didn’t sit well with Steve.
“Tony?” Steve tried again, ignoring his gut wrenching as he was met with an empty lab. It was in more disarray than it usually was, but Steve knew that once Tony had a stroke of inspiration, the man turned into a walking tornado. “This isn’t funny, Tony,” he tried. “You win. Come out and rub it in my face.”
But with Stark, it was... different. The first blossoms of their relationship were known to everyone by now; if they hadn't seen Steve and Stark getting hot and heavy at the warehouse fight, they were definitely filled in by the gossip of those who had. Clint would be lying if he said he saw this coming. He wasn't sure anyone would have - well, except maybe Natasha. He's pretty convinced she knew before Steve and Tony did.
“Makes me sick,” Bucky added, before turning the TV off. “But, enough of that,” he continued, standing up with a faint grown. “Time to go protect the 1% from us middle-class hooligans.” He slapped a hand against Steve’s shoulder as he walked by. “Go get some sleep, Stevie. And don’t worry about the groceries, I’ll get them on my way home.”
It was just another distraction. As time went on, she stayed less and less. Now that she thought about it, Natasha wasn’t sure the last time she danced herself. She looked down at the slipper again.
The Captain sighed. “Mr. Stark, be reasonable- ”
They were all ecstatic of course, their very first glimpse at a positive payout. Those few seconds, those five dollars, had made months of empty pockets and stomachs worth it. To Steve, it wasn’t even the money, or the flicker of hope of finally paying off some bills that made it worth it. It was the taste of success, sitting heavy on his tongue, singing through his veins. It made him giddy, as if he was a child again, sickly face pressed against the window as he eyed the people below, his imagination running rampant at the possibility of a life outside their four walls.
Anyway.
She quickened her pace to her tiny office, shutting the door as quietly as she could behind her. Natasha could almost hear Clint laughing at the idea of her hiding from a suburban mother of three in leggings and matching sneakers.
This was all too easy.
“You gonna kill him?” Steve asked softly.
she thought, all while still expecting to open the door and be met with an empty hallway.
Tony blinked, not even realizing that he had shut his eyes. “Well, I’m on a lot of drugs. It’s a miracle I even made it over here.” Upon hearing Clint’s small laugh, Tony reached for a hand to help him up. “I’ll just, uh, head on back to- ”
Blood dripped down from his face, onto his burned hands. Breathing was hard;
He knew about Clint. How long before he’s arrested? Persecuted? Phil had basically gone ahead and signed his death sentence. “I-I don’t- ”
Steve chuckled, drawing away from his boyfriend. Now
“Alright, alright. Jesus, you made your point.” An awkward silence fell over the two, the pair pointedly staring at the photo, avoiding eye contact.
He could already see some men dispatched on the floor from Clint, but Steve kept pushing forward. From the look of the place, Steve already knew it was too small to hide all of HYDRA, but there would be enough to hold answers that he and the team were desperately needing.
Tony didn’t give them a chance to think.
Barton made to answer but a sharp bang sounded behind them. Barton stopped, grabbing Loki with him. “They’re catching up,” he whispered, turning back towards Loki. “Listen, we’re almost there. Go straight and turn right at the junction and you’ll get to a door similar to the one we left through. Go in, and it will lead you out towards the sewer. I’ll catch up.”
Stark scoffed at Thor before glaring back at Steve. “You know the last time we saw each other he tried to kill me with a hammer?”
Steve laughed, grabbing the marshmallows, any doubt of Tony’s disappointment slipping out of his mind.
Steve shrugged. “I thought the company would be nice.”
“It’s because you’re going through withdrawal.”
“Pepper!”
A disk clanked next to him.
Steve walked out to the factory. Another job. He stared out at the white tarp and frowned. He checked his watch again.
Tony could see how Steve’s eyes were dimmer, his steps heavier as he tromped through the house. He deserved so much better than this. He deserved so much more. But no matter how many times Tony would say, Steve would never forgive himself for what he thought he started.
Tony groaned. Strange had driven them all the way out to Queens.
“Yes ma’am,” Steve answered, twiddling his thumbs. He and Bucky had been in her office for the better part of two hours, slowly explaining everything that had happened between his crew and her boss. It was excruciating, but it needed to be done. Tony had told Steve that he trusted Pepper with his life; if there was anyone that could help them find Tony, it was her.
Clint’s shoulders slumped, breaking eye contact with his manic boss; he didn’t have any answer for him. Clint couldn’t imagine what Steve was going through; thinking he was so close to getting Tony back, only to realize that he was still at square one. “I’m sorry,” he whispered. “They probably just got a bad tip.”
I deal with two things: information and tech. Up until now, you’ve managed to get both just fine without me. But something’s changed, hasn’t it? Something’s different now; you can’t handle it, and now you’ve had to come all this way because you need
Clint tensed. Who the hell was out here? It was coming from the left and getting louder, coming from
Tony gaped at the other man. “What?” he asked in disbelief.
“I’m sorry; I don’t want to get off on the wrong foot. Do I look at the patch or the eye?”
"I have made the same amount of progress since the last time you have asked, Sir."
is sitting right here.”
“You know how many ways I could kill you with my bare hands?” he hissed at the smaller brunette.
Steve frowned, biting down a comment of consumer privacies. “Then what do you need from me?”
Steve nodded slightly, returning his focus to the scarcely filled room. The silence was deafening, everyone seemingly curling around themselves, leaving open spaces between them nothing more than unseen barriers, closing each one off from the others. The room was lifeless, as if he was viewing the scene before him in black and white. Gone, it seemed, were the days of camaraderie, of trust, of faith.  He found himself closing his eyes, fingers scrubbing harshly against his closed lids. “Where’s everyone else?” he asked quietly, opening his eyes to look at Clint.
“Protection. However, his word might not be enough anymore. Your boss is getting in way over his head, if you ask me.”
“Anything?”
“Please! I can’t deal with that on top of all of this. Tony getting involved in all of this could get him into trouble. I mean, I can barely protect him now! I just- I can’t lose him. Not now.”
Sam nodded. “Stark’s right. The Red Skull’s still out there.”
Tony’s eyes softened immediately, a shy smile gracing his face. “Lucky for me, I guess,” he answered softly.
Besides, Tony didn't want to involve anyone else in this mess. Getting others caught up in this potential HYDRA mess is a one way ticket to losing allies. Allies that Tony cannot afford to lose.
Tony closed his eyes, tamping down the waves of betrayal crashing around insides him. After the gala and the meeting with Fury, it was impossible to deny, but this was the final nail in the coffin. Obie was everything to him – hell, he was more of a father to him than his own dad was. He never yelled at him, never called his ideas stupid, just said “Keep on building, son. All ideas are worth a chance.” Now, Tony could see behind the curtain – was he always just a meal ticket for him? What would Dad say if he saw him now? Did Dad know?
Steve furrowed his brow. “He sold them a bunch of guns, just to kill them?”
Phil’s voice continued to resound in his ears even after hanging up with the man minutes ago. Clint heard himself laugh, almost hysterically, feeling a few more fresh tears spill down his cheeks. He didn't know how it was possible, he didn't
“Not if I have anything to say about it,” Bruce responded firmly. “Now, come on,” he continued, pushing Steve down the hall. “Let’s go get you and Peter settled.”
Moments passed before his phone was ringing again.
Steve nodded, changing course. This wasn’t a surprise either. Tony had taken to Clint’s side the instant he was back up walking around, as if a child nurturing an injured bird.
Tony frowned, batting Steve away, just to crawl in his lap. The last thing he needed was putting more guilt on Steve’s conscious. Everything that had happened had been out of Steve’s control, but Tony knew him well enough by now to know that Steve would carry this weight to his grave.
“Selling.”
“Don’t you dare talk about them,” Steve snapped in response. “You don’t get to feel that pain; you don’t get the luxury. I was the one who had to bury them – you were the one that put them in the ground!”
“It’s for science!”
Steve shot up like a rocket, his eyes wild as they darted over to the door, his grip tightening on Tony’s hand while he-
His friend walked up to him slowly, trying to put a comforting arm on his shoulder, until Clint jerked away. “Clint, you need to- ”
“Stark.”
“The same thing as you, if I had to guess,” Fury interjected. His voice was smooth but carried the threat of easily turning sharp at a moment’s notice.
“Buck,” Steve tried to complain. “I could have gone upstairs.”
“You think I don’t know?” Barnes continued. “About your men guarding our safe houses? Or that there has been a distinct lack of police activity after something as huge as a bomb going off in Brooklyn? Or how about the fact that JARVIS is still monitoring our phones?”
Steve watched Pepper refill her drink for the umpteenth time, before continuing to rub at her temples. “So, you’re telling me that not only was the whole feud between you and Tony a fraud, but that he was in on it the whole time?”
Pepper, the traitor, had even got in touch with Rhodey when he was getting stitched up over at the hospital. Nothing makes a nightmarish trip to the emergency room better than getting an earful from his friend who was still halfway across the globe. It had taken Tony a full twenty minutes to talk Rhodey down from flying back to New York. Even now, Tony wasn’t sure that he even listened.
“Bucky,” Steve pleaded.
“It was cold,” Tony replied quietly, his eyes drifting away again. “When I got shot.”
“What do you think HYDRA’s angle is? These attacks don’t make any sense. Some of them are heavy, but the next one will be complete shit. All of them have accomplished nothing. What’s their play?” asked Sam.
Luckily, there was no one else in the dingy hallway when she stepped out, walking over to the door. Summer was a bitch here, but when the heat hit her skin and she closed her eyes, she could pretend that she was back in New York. Today was no different, the sun blazing in a cloudless sky. Natasha relished under it, starting the short journey back to her apartment. Upon crossing the parking lot, she saw Emily hopping into the backseat of her dad’s car. She caught Natasha’s gaze and waved enthusiastically as if they’d already spent eons apart. Natasha chuckled, unable to stop herself from waving back. The car took off and Natasha forced herself to look away. No need to head down that road again.
