Steve rolled his eyes and sighed. “I don’t actually know,” he shrugged, “I guess I just cou- snff couldn’t fall asleep, snf.” Just as he finished talking, Tony noticed the other man shiver, which he found odd. The air in the kitchen was rather warm, 75 degrees, and just looking at Steve wearing the thick knitted sweater made Tony overheat.
Tony smirked. “Did I just hear the Steve Rogers admit that I’m right? God, you’re definitely sick, I think we need to call Bruce.” They both laughed.
Tony gestured at Steve’s bruise and bandaged body.
Tony, who’s been uncharacteristically quiet, narrows his eyes at Steve. He’s spent the better half of the debrief doing anything but pay attention to what Fury was saying, impatiently waiting for the meeting to finish. Noticing Steve’s bleary eyes and his pink nostrils, Tony figures Steve wants Fury to shut up even more than he does, which in itself in an accomplishment.
The sneezes were followed by a pained whimper and Tony wanted to resist the urge to barge in through the door and take care of him, but he just couldn’t. Fortunately he had a little self-control and opened the door to Steve’s bedroom quietly and peaked through the opening.
“Guys, I need back up on 23rd,” Natasha called through the comms. She was still panting from beating up seven wolf-like aliens all on her own, only to see a stream of more than 20 new ones approaching.
, Rogers, you’re on a roll, huh? Look. I can probably pull a few strings, get you out of whatever torture they’re sending you into.”
Steve once again feels a sharp pain in his chest. “Don’t ever say that, Tony. You’re more than worth it.”
Comfortingly, Steve lays a hand on his shoulder as he bends down next to him.
Steve’s gaze that had been directed right into Tony’s eyes now wandered around the room. His hands were rubbing against his thighs and he was biting the inside og his cheeks. Nervous, Tony concluded. He’d seen Steve this way, observed him, enough times that even though his clenched jaw was ambiguous, Tony would always recognize his nervous ticks. Not that he had spent a lot of time does said thing. No, it was just that Steve often was nervous… yeah, that’s why.
“God damnit, Rogers,” Fury mutters under his breath, then scowls. “I’ll let this one slide. But only this once. It’s been a long day, anyways.”
“At ease soldier,” Tony mumbled and gently stroked the other man’s arm.
“I really hate it when you’re right, Stark,” Steve growled annoyedly. “Luckily, that’s a rare occasion.”
“See you tomorrow, Shellhead,” Steve returns.
Sorry, thanks,” he snuffled into the crumpled piece of fabric. “
“First of all, this is my tower, you don’t get to tell me where I can and cannot be. Second of all, why is it so hard for you to let anyone care for you?”
“Nah, don’t worry ‘bout it,” Tony waves a hand. “You’ll just have to make me breakfast for the next three months, get me coffee whenever I want, babysit Clint-“
“Tony? Please just… let me in,” Steve begs softly as he leans his head tiredly against the locked door to the workshop. “Please, sweetheart.”
“I’ll get going, and
“Go,” she demanded and signaled towards the door.
“M’sorry, Tony…” Steve mumbled quietly. His voice was thin, on the edge of breaking. “But y-you really shouldn’t huh! be h-here riihh right now,” Steve spoke through catching  breaths, hurrying out the last part of the sentence before letting out a soft TShhoo!
“S’rry. I lost focus,” Steve apologized.
“I appreciate your help, Stark, but I can take care of myself,” he said, earning a huffed laugh from Tony.
” The fit is ticklish, makes his throat scratchy and Steve can feel the congestion pressing behind his eyes and sinuses.
“Come on, lay back down,” Tony murmured as he pulled Steve back until he laid comfortably on the bed. “Get some rest.”
His heartbeat skyrocketed and he was afraid Steve would hear the thunderous pounding. When Steve didn’t answer, Tony was slightly disappointed but he didn’t blame him. It was a sensitive subject, one you talk to your friends about.
A silence settled over them, the workshop completely quiet once again. They looked deeply into each other’s eyes, a meaningful glance that Tony didn’t know he had needed, but apparently he had ‘cause his demeanor eased when she laid a comforting hand on his arm.
Then Steve frowned and forced his eyes open, the frustration clear on his face. Tony felt a tug at his heart.
“Where’s Rogers?”
Tony groaned and rubbed his temples, then quickly stood up and walked determined out of the room to get into the suit. Just as he reached the doorway he called over his shoulder, “Gear up, Cap, we’ve got a city to save.”
“Don’t try to be smart here, Rogers. If you weren’t already hurt, I’d punch you so hard I’d break my own hand,” he snarled half seriously, half jokingly.
Steve gave it a second thought, then shrugged. “Neither did I. Probably the lack of sleep that’s finally catching up with me.”
“God dammit, Cap. You’re totally out of it, aren’t you?” Tony worried.
Still no response. He moved further into the apartment, examining the room as he went on. Running a finger over the sideboard surface, checking for dust, which just confirmed Tony’s thoughts. Exemplarily clean. He did, however, notice a piece of paper that was folded into a small square. Tony looked over his shoulder before reaching out for it and unfolding it. The paper was wrinkled and delicate and old, like had it been crumpled up far too many times.
“So.”
“You hangin’ in there, Stevie?”
“So,” Steve echoes.
“You okay?” she asked. Tony shrugged.
“Don’t worry about it. Can’t complain about the fact that you seem too worn out to outwit me,” Tony bantered and gained an eye-roll form Steve. “Bless you, by the way.”
“Hm… You seem better, though?” Tony asks and Steve nods in agreement.
Steve looked around once more, searching for the source of the sound. Everything suddenly seemed to happen in slow-motion and a few seconds later, Steve felt a throb in his stomach and fell to his knees once again. He grabbed his waist and leaned against the wall. His breathing was fast, hitching, as he let out a painful grunt.
“Still unclear… 30 confirmed so far. Could be more,” Fury answers seriously. “We’ll hopefully have exact numbers once the city’s cleared.”
Tony smiled slightly as he stumbled out of the chair, headed for the door and made his way to Steve’s floor.
Tony looks up, revealing blood-shot and red-rimmed eyes, his cheeks damp from the salty tears.
Tony’s heart sank at that. Oh god, what had he done. “That’s not what I meant.”
Guhh.” He sniffles thickly, and groans annoyedly. He’s gotten to the point where the sneezes do nothing apart from making him even more sniffly. Ridding the itch, it definitely does not.
“You cold? I can get blankets,” Tony offered.
“Hey,” he whispers gently.
“You’re not one to speak, Stark.” Tony unwillingly had to agree with his statement and gave small shrug.
“Sure… why not,” Steve smiled tiredly and propped himself up from the chair. As he stood, his body wobbled, and he quickly leaned against the nearest wall to balance himself. Tony was there in a split second, stabilizing the bigger man.
Steve wiggled his way out of Tony’s embrace and used the edge of the bed as support when he stood up. He turned away from Tony, who had let out an annoyed sigh when the soldier had moved, not wanting to have to deal with the reacting he knew was coming. As he approached the door, he felt a sharp pain in his abdomen and clasped his side.
“I don’t disagree… But he’s our idiot,” she simplified and Tony hummed in agreement.
“Gee, thanks, Buck. Always so supportive,” Steve jokes, lightly nudging Bucky good shoulder. “Wish I could be going to bed, though. Have a meeting, can’t miss it.”
Tony followed his movement and also leaned forward. “Nuh-uh, Cap, that won’t work. I asked you first, you answer first,” Tony demanded and made a gesture with his hands. “So go on.”
“He really wants to see you, though. You were the first one he asked for.”
Steve was still leaned over the table, so Tony reckoned he hadn’t acknowledged him just yet. Under normal circumstances, Tony would’ve been slightly offended that Steve wasn’t able to just sense his presence, but he let this one slide. He cleared his throat to gain Steve’s attention, which had an immediate effect.
He was met by silence.
“No, really. It’s nothing, Cap,” he says as he stands up and offers Steve a hand, which the soldier grabs and pulls himself to his feet. They exit the room together walking towards the elevator.
Through his peripheral vision, Steve noticed something blocking the light, a large shadow covering him. He instinctively turned his head to identify the objects, his eyes enlarging as a car was less than 3 metres away from him. The car sped up, driving Steve into a corner. Reactively, Steve threw himself back, regrettably smashing his head into the wall to avoid getting hit by the car, then fell to the ground with a hard landing. He heard a loud crack and winced at the pain coming from his ribs. Before he had anytime to compose himself, another large object was thrown at him from the car. Grabbing the shield, trying to cover himself, he rolled and dodged the object by a few feet.
“Geez, Cap, you’re burning up!” he gasped.
“Don’t. I just want to say something… Look, Steve. You and I both know that I’m a mess, kinda like you right now. I’m stubborn. I can’t keep my mouth shut and I say things I know I shouldn’t say. I’m inconsiderate and egoistical and I don’t care for anyone else. Or so I thought until about 24 hours ago. The point is that I care about you Steve. Hell, I freaking love you. No- I’m not done yet. I don’t expect you to reciprocate my feelings. I know I’m not easy to love, but I just… I wanted you to know… That I care.”
“I think you passed that point, thanks a lot.”
Steve wiped his face when a tear slowly escaped.
want to be.”
————————————
“Sorry, I-… this is horrible. I don’t know what’s wrong with me,” Steve sighed, scrubbing his face with his hands.
Steve was sweating, beads peeping down his forehead, his hair wet and dark at the roots. He suddenly felt tired, his body numb apart from the ache in his abdomen.
“Yeah you seem fine, Steve. This is exactly what ‘fine’ looks like,” Tony said rolling his eyes and slowly steered Steve towards the living room As soon as they reached the sofa, Tony nearly dropped the bigger man, who fell heavily into the soft fabric.
Steve feels a tug at his heart, eyebrows drawing together in concern. Cupping the genius’ cheeks in his hands, he strokes it lightly, nudging him slightly so that Tony turns to face him.
“Knock knock.” Tony calls. “Cap?”
Tony had heard all about Steve as a child. Howard used to praise Steve all the damn time, and Tony hated him for it. No matter how hard he tried to make his father proud, he would never be as good as Captain America himself. Maybe that was why Tony had always felt a weird kind of resentment towards the good man. Captain America was simply flawless, so he was told
coming straight out of a warm shower with glowing and
Tony huffs and rolls his eyes. “Don’t. Don’t do this, Steve.”
Oh. Oh. Tony’s eyes widened. “B- bless you?” he stammered, sounding like a question. Steve looked blearily up at him, “Oh, umb, snff… Thanks, Tony,” he murmured.
“Because it’s unnecessary?” Steve teases. “Seriously, though, the tissues had been just fine.”
Steve just holds him, letting them both sink down to the floor before he starts to gently rock. It's not as helpful as it could be because he's too tense, watching Sunset for any sign that she's gearing back up to fight.
"Not when they would be greatly exaggerated, I'm sure," Tony responds whip-quick.
It just makes him more apprehensive.
“Do I want to know?” she asks while waiting for him to step aside and beckon her in.
Rhodey starts moving down a corridor that takes them further from the party and noise. "JARVIS is giving me access to a live feed of the building, I just have to tell him what room I want."
“Shit. Shitshitshitshit,” he mutters, releasing the desperate clutch he has on Steve. For all the grief Steve gets for not being very covert, he takes Tony’s sudden attention shift in stride. He just hands over Tony’s drink so that it looks like they separated naturally to continue their evening. Tony takes the glass gratefully and sets his phone on the table so they can both see it, the screen dimmed enough to not draw attention.
“You can feel that with your hands but not in your mouth?” Steve asks, looking momentarily sidetracked.
. He’s allowed to touch. But it’s still all liquid courage that has him running his fingers over Steve’s beard and still further to tangle in the short blond hairs at the back of his neck.
“Where’s your mask?” Steve asks Carol, and laughs when she gently smacks his shoulder. Rhodey laughs too, reaching up to touch the edge of his in a way that made Steve suspect that he was not used to it wearing it yet.
Steve chuckles from beside him and downs the shot without a flinch, the moonshine-swigging bastard. “It’s pretty bitter, but not so bad once you’ve swallowed. Why don’t you go make the next shot?”
She shrugs and goes to sit across from Rhodey with a handful of pretzels. Steve hadn't even noticed that there was any food by the makeshift bar. It's very tempting to go investigate while Tony and Brunnhilde bicker over destroying company property.
She’s taken away by Carol and Misty on a stretcher and under the control of a sleep spell, the jewelry she’d stored her extra power in either confiscated or destroyed in the battle. One of the rings is confirmed by Brunnhilde to be what Sunset had been storing magic in in order kill her victims in her signature way.
Now that he’s closer to the front, he recognizes Rhodey despite the silver mask that covers the top part of his face. He’s standing there watching everything with easy amusement, but his eyes stray inside the building every so often like a wolf keeping watch over his territory.
"Once again, that's not in my contract," Brunnhilde deadpans. She's running her fingertips over a Rune on the wall to promote happiness and comradery, removing any bite her words might have.
"He's all yours," Sunset tells Steve, something in her voice hardening under the pleasant song of the words, and he watches her leave with growing unease.
“I can think of a better way to work on my reaction time,” Tony purrs, not able to resist teasing back. God, the v-neck on Steve’s shirt should be illegal. It has to fall somewhere in the realm of publicly indecent along with the dark jeans Steve has dug up from somewhere. They aren’t just tight, they are perfectly tailored to show the raw power of Steve’s muscles and emphasize his assets.
Steve groans and lowers his head against Tony’s shoulder, curving his body around him when Tony leans back into the embrace. He doesn’t bother to look up when Rhodey comes in, carrying Runed stone handcuffs that they put around Sunset’s wrists.
Steve is looking more and more horrified by the second. “No! No, not to get into your pants. At least, not just to...”
“Tell him thanks but no thanks. Stark Industries already has their own manuals, and we don’t want to be accused of plagiarism.”
Natasha is watching them with interest and comes over to observe Pepper setting things up. “You’d be be amazed at what a bit of contouring and eyeliner can do. Want some help?”
Once they’ve reached the car, he can hear Steve fishing out the keys from his pocket, and Tony can’t resist spinning around to draw Steve back into a kiss. The keys clatter down onto the ground, but Tony can’t bring himself to care because they’re walking backwards until his back hits the car door and Steve has his hands on Tony’s ass again.
The icy wind cuts right through Steve’s suit jacket the moment he steps off of the bus. Even with the cold, it’s a beautiful night in New York City: clear with the moon at half. Light pollution blocks out the stars, but the evening is alive in flashing colours and excited voices. Even from a few blocks away he can hear the press calling out questions at the mansion’s front door, and can see the sharp flicker of high-powered cameras.
Cold air sweeps around him before rushing towards the figure hidden amidst the bright light of battling magic. It hits with a thunderous crash. With all the heat in the air from the blasts of magical fire, it could have actually been thunder. Steve ignores the high pitched shrill in his head as the enemy figure goes down, hands pressing desperately against their ears.
“Fumbled about and made a huge mess. Just a little bit more...”
They're close in height, with maybe an inch difference, but Steve leans down anyway, trying not to think of how good Tony smells or how gentle his fingers are threading through Steve's hair as he fiddles with the mask’s earbuds.
The walls are covered in spiderwebs with cool-toned lights pointed at them, casting mysterious shadows. Ghostly holograms run through the guests: Victorian-era lords and ladies in elaborate clothing who dance, wander through the crowd, and congregate in small clusters before vanishing with soft laughter that blends in with the music. Candles flicker in the corners, held aloft by wrought-iron posts. There are even decorative bats hanging from the ceiling.
"Let me up, let me up," Tony demands, pushing at Steve's shoulders. Steve glances down at him in disbelief, not knowing what to say to derail whatever suicidal plan Tony is probably concocting.
Steve quickly looks over at Rhodey, uncomfortable, wanting to give Tony privacy while also trying to smother a misplaced sense of betrayal. Rhodey is looking back at him, obviously exasperated.
He wants to kiss it, that smile.
It takes a few more seconds than Steve thought it would for Tony to adjust the mask just so, and in actuality, Tony never does step back. He puts his hands on Steve's shoulders instead and smoothes out his lapels before adjusting his collar.
Turns out sketchy corner guy is a bust: Jacob Smith, a first timer here who has been admitted to the hospital for a few overdoses and arrested multiple times for drug-dealing. Two hospital visits and one of the arrests coincide with the disappearances, giving him an airtight alibi. Tony leaves him alone for now and starts running through the IDs of current guests while getting JARVIS to cross-reference with past guests as well.
Tony stares at Pepper as she packs up, completely baffled. “What was the point of handing me the tablet?”
“Incoming Bar,” Tony wonders aloud, filling up his mug again. “JARVIS?”
“That’s rude,” he informs her, and continues before it gets obvious that she still doesn’t have enough manners to apologize for sassing him. “I’ve been working on the schematics for a mesh that will change your facial features into whatever you want, but it’s all theoretical until I can order the material and get into the lab. There wasn't enough time today.” After a few moments he admits, “This is a backup plan.”
Steve immediately misses the way dancing gave him an excuse to be closer to Tony, the way Tony's body had moved against his own and the way the world had narrowed to just the two of them. Tony's eyes are bright as they watch him, and he's smiling in a way that Steve is beginning to realize has only been directed at him.
“It is if you want it to be,” Steve murmurs into his ear as they snake through the crowd.
“That's nothing special. Face it, Tony, you’re not the best for keeping your clothes on, and Cap has an entire website dedicated to his butt in jogging pants.”
“The crazy charity case that Tony is helping out to hide any of his scandalous dealings, you mean.”
Tony uses his pinky to scroll down, quickly reading the profile JARVIS has forwarded until he reaches the end. Gregory Michaels, 34 years old, rather boring all things said and done—until seven years ago when he was in a traffic accident. After that, he claimed he’d met God, who told him ‘go forth and bring His children to Him’. There were a few arrests for harassment, and then he had fallen off the official radar. JARVIS has compiled surveillance hints of Michaels meeting with a local cult leader.
“It’s my nature to worry, Tony. I worry about our daughters; I worry about you. I’ve been worrying about you since I met you.” He growls in his throat and Tony instantly is hard.
“Well enough? Well enough?” He gulps back the anger, but it’s Nat who stops him with a firm hand placed on his shoulder.
“Hey!” Sam said but Natasha dragged him away. Bruce took it as his cue to force Tony to follow him.
“Oh, you think he controls the weather now?” Tony smiles and goes to Friday’s reins, he unties them.
“His family had been taken,” Natasha replied. She stayed cool but something pained etched across her features. “They’re safe now. Or will be. But first we have to get you out of here.” She waved to Steve. “Can we get him to safety before you blow us away?”
“How about other projections? Is that possible? What does the prince like?”
Apparently, the maniac had been Steve’s best bud, the one that fell off the train according to the history books. Or maybe that was all made up shit. Tony doesn’t know. But the Bucky he met was a wild bear because he rushed at Tony again and again. Steve's words meant nothing to him. Tony had grabbed for anything to ward him off. He managed to catch the old lamp with the torn shade to swing it at the bear. All to no avail.
He jerked away and muttered, “Stop, stop. That’s not fair.”
Luke follows Tony’s directions as he gestures and points to everything he wants. They do some measurements of Steve’s chest and waist. Once they’re done with that they start to debate other articles but Steve’s mind spins away as he thinks about Tony calling him ‘dear’. He knows it’s not much, it can’t be – but the feel of it, the possibilities of it worm their way into Steve’s head where they take up residence like squatters. He seems not to be the landlord of his own brain.
“Marissa, we were looking for you. The next stage of the project is ready to go. We’d like you to be the one to initiate it,” Stane had said and then turned to Tony. “There’s my boy. How’s everything going?”
For a long time after Steve left Tony laid on the bed and stared at the cracks in the planks. The sun and the day leaked inside. It hurt his retinas and it ate away at his strength to be in the light. It didn’t set him on fire, not like the Blight. Hours exposure to the sun could flay and melt the skin from him, the weaker his biology, the less his flesh stayed together. As undead his ‘life’ depended on certain sacrifices. His flesh was too fragile to take the light of the sun. These small dribbles of sun light were a cruel reminder of what he couldn’t have anymore. Though the night through his preternatural eyes and ears transformed into what could only be described as a fairy tale land where everything glowed and shined with a life force.
When Pepper asked again to transfer their residence back to Malibu as he walked in the door, Tony couldn’t say no. “When?”
“Meditation is good, but I think we need to set up a couple of exercises where we need to get in contact with one another, work through the bond at some distance.” Steve forked a meatball. “Combat exercises would help us hone the pack bond.”
Ashamed, he looked at Thor. “I don’t know what she wants from me.”
Yet, now Estane was a bitter rival. They were never likely to be friends again. He recalls how Steven told him that Estane acted like a father figure and when Tony looks back on it, considers it, he knows the truth of it. Steven warned that Tony couldn’t go soft on him, that he needed to keep his focus and try to remember that Estane would like to strip him of everything – his family, his holdings, his life. Tony still thinks that Steven went too far with that descriptor.
“And Happy and Pepper didn’t really know them at all.” Tony places his half empty bowl on the blanket. “It’s nice to share now, though.”
Tony smiles like a predator but there's a warm glimmer in his eyes. "You are adorable."
Whispering, Steve replies, “I’m here for you.” He moves and shifts until he’s facing Tony, hovering over his lap. Bringing their lips together, he kisses intently, intensely. The prince’s hard callused hands roam up and down Steve’s back, but barely press against the bruise there from his earlier encounter with the shock rod.
Iron Man called, “We have hostiles taking out civilians in the field.”
He clears his throat and plays for casual. “Don’t worry about it. Steve has responsibilities and, as his husband, I respect that.”
“Sure, you do.”
Tony shakes his head, apologizing, and waving her away. When he turns back to Steve, the worn out look, the positively aged way he considers Steve hurts even more. “Steve, you know I love you. You know you’re important to me. We are not doing this again.”
The man studies him for a long few minutes, and the silence weighs on Steve. The heat of the room, the old odors of sex and musk hang heavily through the air and all Steve can do is hope. The man wipes away the last of the come and then leans over Steve. With strong arms he lifts Steve into his embrace and then brings him into a kiss. Steve hasn’t been kissed since Tony and his body quakes in response. But it is not the right response. It is just one of curiosity and longing from the absence of hope. They kiss and it feels like a mechanical act. He cannot even call on his primitive mind to come to the fore and help him. There’s nothing more for it. Even the simple beauty of kissing has been taken away from him. He tears away from the alpha and jumps up. Going to the door to the bathroom, he lingers there for only a moment.
“JARVIS doesn’t count, he doesn’t have freewill,” Pepper says and then adds, “My apologizes.”
“He shouldn’t have been, I told him I could handle it.” He rubs at his temple, this time knocking Tony’s hand away. “How are we – we can’t deal with this – not like this. There’s no way we can.”
“Pepper,” he warns, but she giggles. She can always do that to him.
Clint hesitates and then with a long sigh says, “Steve didn’t want to run again; he wanted to stay here. But Rumlow found him. It’s not going to be good. You have to go to him. Nat tried to work it, but she couldn’t. You have to go to him.”
“There is no king or emperor of the Conclave. We are independent systems working together for the sake of all the peaceful regions of this universe. You’re not going to start this conversation with me again, do you understand?”
Tony tried not to laugh, and he mostly managed to hold it back. When he did let a little out Steve nearly growled at him. He held up his hands and said, “You’re just so damned cute. Don’t blame me. Can I give you a little show?”
Tony stays open and willing for him, begging him for more as Steve laps at the tip of his cock, playing and teasing.
“Yeah,” Steve says. “How are you feeling now?”
Silence falls over them but then Steven breaks it. “It’s not a myth. It’s recorded in history on the old world.”
“Oh fat lotta good that did him. He’s fucking dead because of you,” Tony had hissed in a rasped whisper. He sat back then and shook his head. “What the hell are you doing here anyhow?”
Natasha watched and the smiled at Steve. “Good choice.”
“We’ll find a way. We can,” Steve replied. His heart wanted to burst out of his chest. A ringing sounded in his head. “Seventy years is nothing. Listen, everything changed for me. I thought I could never love anyone. Never be with anyone. And that’s not true. I just had to wipe away everything I learned. Sure it took time, but I’m there now. I-.”
Miraculously, Steve opens his eyes. The past beatings along with the new injuries have taken their toll. His eyes are bleary and glassy. He wheezes as he reaches up to Tony. “Go, go.”
“I’m coming,” Barnes says.
“I do believe you,” Pepper says and she steps away as he hops off the chair.
Steve stared up at the ceiling. “Just a little scared it might hurt.”
In seconds they leave and Tony stands looking out, knowing he did something wrong, but with no way to find purchase as the ground slips out from under him. It’s like his father leaving for one of his trips to go find Captain America. Tony might find humor in the irony, if it didn’t hurt so damned much. There’s only one thing to do – he heads to his workshop and losing himself for the next week.
Blu mumbles a growl and Tony shakes his head. “Well, if you’re going to live with me, you gotta get over this issue with water, big guy.”
“And you’re saying I shouldn’t let Tony get away?” Steve finished up the eggs and munched on the extra slices of buttered toast. “If you remember, we can’t really get away from one another.”
A cascade of color and light flows over Blu. Tony falls back away from the swirling dark blues and brilliant white lights. It expands, tendrils of stars and galaxies enveloping Blu’s body, blocking out the sun. The creek, the pathway to their camp, the sky itself fades, disappearing against the visual majesty in front of him. Blu’s body transforms, turning into the stars, the galaxies, the planets, and nebula. A mixture of cosmic shapes and through it all Tony sees the dimensions, beyond what is possible. He witnesses all of space encapsulated but magnified at the same time.
“Sir?”
The next moments mash together in a kaleidoscope of sight and sound and sensations. The screech of metal as it bends and crunches with the impact.  Tony fights with the wheel, trying to push it to get the tires that are still on the ground to obey him, but fails as the SUV crashes into the side of the building. The boomerang effect jostles them in the cab and pitches them forward and to the side as the Tony loses control.
“What? You gonna tell me you were voluntold?” Bucky hisses. “Not only does it mean this whole shebang is going to start all over again with Stark and him mooning like a babyfaced school kid, but it also means he won’t be free of his duties on time for the Rails.”
“The problem we have right now is that the program of Ultron invaded the whole of the internet including the dark web. It’s in every nook and cranny. It’s infected both the internet and intranets. It’s been growing for the past few months unnoticed.”
“He’s been talking crazy in his sleep,” Tony says. Who is this person? Why is she here? “Are you here to get us out?”
“What did I ever do before you?” he asks her, hugging the StarkTab to his chest.
“Got it in one.”
," Tony is screaming, and Steve only just manages to grab him before he can race forward into harm's way. Tony falls back against him, not struggling, but he's digging his nails painfully into Steve's arm. "Sunny, oh god. What are you doing?!"
Tony snaps out of his gleeful imaginings of Steve in a mesh top with those abs on display to glare at her in disapproval. This is just the kind of dirty, underhanded trick Natasha uses to con unsuspecting innocents into making fools of themselves. But two can play this game, so he sniffs, “It’s like you don’t even know me. Unlike the Chuck Norris wannabe over there, I can grow this back in a day or two.”
The bar has very few people inside when Tony and Steve get there, but Tony is way too happy about having his choice of booth to complain. He gets to shove physical money and a fake ID at the staff, something he hasn't done since getting his first doctorate. It’s like being a teenager all over again, except with more stable hormones and the fact that he came with the person he wants to sleep with. Many times. In many positions.
“In a word? Cold. It was two weeks of cold, wind, and snow, but it really helped me put a few things into perspective,” Steve replies, hooking his thumbs over his belt buckle and relaxing into what Tony fondly calls The Patriotic Power Stance. It kind of reminds him of old Western gunslingers, and isn’t that a thought for him to revisit later.
Succinct and to the point as always, which is one of the reasons Tony loves her. “No damage control if all goes well,” he says, making grabby hands at her bag until she rolls her eyes and hands it over. Tony wastes no time before digging in. “Steve and I are going undercover, so I need to be less—” He pauses and squints at a bottle of concealer. “—less me.”
Steve seems to ponder this before he’s nodding and grinning in a way that immediately sets Tony on high alert. It’s Steve’s ‘I’m about to fuck things up’ grin. The grin that preludes dangerous ideas and follows in the footsteps of explosions. It’s the grin Tony lives for and dreads in equal measure.
“You brought me Captain America merch?” he asks in disbelief, pulling at the shirt so that he can see it better. It’s gently worn out and slightly wrinkled, carrying Steve’s clean scent instead of laundry detergent. “You brought me Captain America merch that you’ve been
Steve glances up and—oh. His heart stutters under the weight of Tony's wistful gaze. It's so
"Technology is pretty incredible," Steve admits quietly. He's vowed to never say it in front of Tony, at least not when Tony would use it as an excuse to study Steve like a science project.
“I know I said you were recognizable, but if you go like that then no one will even bother looking at your face,” Steve says, and Tony quickly wheels around to find him approaching with a mischievous grin. “I brought you a shirt just in case you get cold, Mr. Playboy.”
“Dibs!” Tony cuts in, before quickly cupping his hand under his chin to catch the coffee that spills from his mouth. “Wait, ouch, fuck, that’s hot.”
“Stop calling me that!” she yells, curling her body in over her knees. “You have no right to call me that.”
“I wouldn’t have needed to create a company from scratch if you hadn’t driven my family into bankruptcy!”
He might actually have the harder job, because Tony is watching the battle and vibrating like he wants to make a run towards the epicentre.
Steve deflects another sledgehammer of a spell that blasts out a portion of the wall a few metres away. Whoever is doing this has serious firepower, and skill, if they're taking on a Valkyrie while directing attacks at Tony.
"That's the one." Tony takes it from her to pass to Steve.
“The privacy controls you installed prevent me from telling you her activity, Sir,” JARVIS says, and Tony slumps forward and sighs dramatically to showcase his suffering. Betrayed by his own creation.
Tony gawks while Clint laughs at him in the background.
Tony’s sorted out his footwear and put a special covering over the arc reactor to hide the soft blue light by the time JARVIS replies. “Captain Rogers says he has something that may fit and asks if he should bring it to your room.”
He’s too busy cackling to notice Steve come in until he hears “What's a Cap thing?” from behind him. It’s too good; Tony turns so that he can watch Steve’s face when he sees the file, but as soon as he sees him his laughter immediately gives way to shock.
Clint pushes himself up and heads to the fridge.
Turning back, he startles at the sheer amount of annoyance—maybe even jealousy?—Tony is radiating. It vanishes in a heartbeat and Tony is back to smiling pleasantly, but Steve quickly glances at the other two people in the room for answers.
Tony is not expecting the backhanded swat Steve gives his flank, nor the shirt that plops down on his shoulder.
Tony opens his mouth to say something, then closes it again when his brain refuses to compute. Steve is looking at him like innocence incarnate, and Tony can’t handle this right now. He gets up to put distance between them before he does something regrettable, like asking if Steve is making an offer.
Tony grins and watches her make her way around the kitchen. “It’s amazing the amount of mystery and intrigue they  manage to
Tony nods firmly, the familiar feeling of fondness that he has for JARVIS sitting warm in his chest, even while he keeps a straight face. “Exactly. You’re learning well, JARVIS.” Fury all sorted, he turns back to the far more important matter at hand. “Now, Steve, what are you wearing?”
“I’ve spent way too much time planning this for you to wind up spending the night in your workshop,” Steve mouths against Tony’s neck.
All he manages to do instead is to get Steve’s leg between his thighs, his fingers tangled into Steve’s belt loops, and a hand cupping the back of his head. There’s an almost physical sensation of a switch being flipped that runs through him before Tony bares his teeth and grinds his hips against Steve’s.
is the word that comes to his mind. Desperate, like a man finding everything he’s ever wanted but who knew he could never hold on to it.
JARVIS, meanwhile, just sounds resigned. “It appears that the file has been updated under Director Fury’s credentials to name a Special Agent Stark as Captain Rogers’s backup. And Sir, in what I’m certain is an unrelated development, Director Fury is on the Avengers’ line.”
"Tony," Steve starts, voice low. "I—"
“JARVIS, is Steve still in his room? Can you ask him to bring something down?”
Tony stares at her with narrowed eyes. “My body is not for open source consumption. JARVIS, delete any evidence of this off of her phone. Otherwise, I want the royalties.”
It’s fair advice. Tony yanks the shirt over his head and tugs it down. It’s a bit big, completely stretched out across the chest, shoulders, and in the sleeves, but just bordering on tight around the hips.
Instead, Tony opens his mouth and gets ready to completely traumatize Clint—but once again Natasha ruins his fun: “Get some glasses, hunch a bit, and dress down. This isn’t one of those places where everyone wears mesh tops and leather pants, so it’s best to leave them in your closet.”
“2 o’clock. Man in the back corner by the door. He’s here for something other than a good time, if you catch my drift.”
Food is everywhere, piled on tables against the walls, and there is even an option for hot food in a room off to the side. There are two separate bars with multiple staff handing out drinks...
The side eye he gets for that immediately makes Steve want to take the words back. “If you believe that, might as well throw in the rumours of you being an escort who specializes in long-term role-play.”
Having Steve pressed up against him is heady in a way Tony can’t put into words. He can only lean back with his eyes closed and his fingertips catching on the outside seam of Steve’s jeans. His other hand trails down Steve’s arm until it finds the hand that’s not driving Tony to distraction, and guides it until he can sneak it under his shirt and against his stomach. He presses it there, letting Steve feel his abs work with each circle of their hips.
“Dr. Banner is just leaving for some previously-arranged plans and sends his regrets. Mister Odinson sends his regards and regrets as well. He says he’s promised his evening to Jane Foster and Eric Selvig.”
Tony’s been there. He watches Clint and tries to project sympathy.
The side eye Steve is giving him does nothing to calm the laughter in his chest or dim the smile that he can’t fight back.
"Thank you for the concern, but there is no need to fear 'breaking' me," JARVIS answers, speaking up for the first time since Steve got to the party. Despite having heard JARVIS speak freely through Tony's watch or phone in public, Steve can't help but startle when his voice emanates from the hidden speakers in the room. "You will be far enough away from my servers tonight that I will still be able to monitor the cameras."
“She was going to attack you, and Steve is shit at keeping you away from danger.” The last is said with lethal heat, and Steve shrinks back from her.
been ex—”
“I, um—” Steve begins, his eyes a bit wild and shifty. “I wasn’t sure how you’d react to a direct approach so I—”
“Of course, Tony,” Steve says serenely.
Taking a deep breath, Tony steels himself and goes for broke. He reaches back until he can curl his fingers around the back of Steve’s neck and pulls him closer to purr, “Then it’s time to take me home, Cap.”
Steve makes a sound like he's choking and immediately starts coughing. Tony, in an act of pure altruism, uses it as an excuse to give him a few pats on the back. The patting may change to something that could be defined as rubbing or stroking, but Steve isn’t saying anything and Tony would deny it anyway.
Steve glances around quickly, and yes, people are watching them. But Tony is looking at him like he's the only person in the room and Brunnhilde is watching for danger from a balcony. There's no reason for him to say no, and quite frankly he doesn't want to.
Steve still hasn’t raised himself from the chair. His body feels heavy and drained, and for once, he might actually consider procrastinate going to the meeting. Pinching the bridge of his nose as he squeezes his eyes shut, he takes another moment to mentally prepare dealing with Fury, once again.
As he subtly wipes his nose with it, it seems to bring the tickle back and Steve cups his face and lets the sneezes slip out.
“Meeting?”
He ran a hand through his greasy hair and sighed. When had Steve slipped his way into Tony’s mind like this? This wasn’t like Tony - Tony didn’t think of people like this! Ugh, fucking stupid, adorable, perfect Steve Rogers had infiltrated a literal genius’ mind, and Tony absolutely hated having to admit to it.
because,Lord knows, he just loves Tony so
Steve groaned and rubbed his temples. “So sorry, Tony. You- snff shouldn’t have to deal with me like this.”
And then he realizes that he’d just dropped everything on the floor and bends down to start picking the things up. “Would it have hurt to put on a shirt?” Tony mumbles lowly.
He just couldn’t focus. All he wanted was to be at home, at cup of tea in his hand and lying in his bed — maybe even sleep. Apparently sleeping wasn’t impossible when Tony was right there next to himself, giving off a warmth Steve hadn’t felt since before the ice. Closing his eyes, knowing he wasn’t alone, knowing Tony knew what was going on when he closed his eyes was so comforting. Steve hadn’t opened up to someone like that since Bucky had… since Bucky.
“That was so weird. Did you just sneeze
“Y’know, this is the worst time for you. You literally spent
“Huh? Oh, yeah. I guess so,” he chuckles lightly. “I have to be somewhere I definitely
“Hm,” Steve hummed. “So are you gonna tell me why I’m in trouble? snFF!”
God, just how bad were Steve’s sleeping problems? The Steve he knew would never show this much vulnerability, especially not in Tony’s company.
“Only if you promise to rest and let me take care of you,” he wiggled his eyebrows at Steve, who was rolling his eyes but chuckled lightly.
Tony was apprehensive as his fingers intertwined with Steve’s.
“Then why are you up at such an ungodly hour?” Tony raised an eyebrow, grabbed the nearest chair and sat backwards on it, still facing Steve.
Now, however? He was wheezing, continuing to swallow the urge to cough and press his tongue to the roof of his mouth to control the itch that was building in his right nostril. He felt the congestion in his entire face, how he almost couldn’t breathe through his nose, how his eyes felt droopy and dry, how the area around his nose was slightly swollen.
Tony couldn’t help but notice the hint of hurt in Steve’s already watery eyes. Why on earth would he even say something like that? As if Steve didn’t feel bad enough being sad and lonely and sleep deprived and dammit Tony, the guy’s sick. Tony was slapping himself internally.
But Steve was also so much else, Tony had to admit. He always had everything under control, much to Tony’s annoyance. Whenever he deliberately tried to infuriate Steve, he’d keep collected and act unfazed (however, sometimes when his composure breaks a tiny bit, Tony would notice, and seeing the irritated expression on Steve’s face would make his entire day). Steve was fearless and strong, nothing could ever keep him away from a situation pointed south.
“Don’t you think it’s probably for the best if you actually try to rest?” Tony requested, crossing his arms.
“You matter Tony. You don’t even know how much you matter to me.”
It had been about six hours since the battle had ended, seven since Steve was injured and laid unconsciously in Tony’s arms. As soon as the med-team had showed up and the rest of the Avengers has finished up beating the Hydra-agents (when would Hydra stop bugging then, for god’s sake, Tony wondered annoyedly) and aliens Tony had flown back to the Tower, ignoring Fury and Hill and everyone else telling him to do the horrible post-battle debrief or search-and-rescue, which was usually Steve’s job. Steve would never complain and he usually volunteered to take care of the aftermaths, which Tony found incredibly irritating and really admirable.
Tony stood tongue-tied and stared at Steve. That was unexpected. “Wait, what?”
Tony smiled fondly. How hadn’t he noticed how amazing Steve was before now? “You sound like you think I care about getting sick.”
Tony didn’t remember how long he was sat there, staring out into space, his eyes becoming dry from not blinking. His fingers were drumming nervously on the workshop table, a quirk he’d had for as long as he could remember — he always had to do something with his hands. He’d noticed how Steve did the exact same thing when they were in debrief after a mission (he could always tell Steve was getting impatient, but of course Captain Perfect kept composed), or whenever he got nervous or uncomfortable, which was often, maybe too often, and mostly caused by Tony or Clint when they said something inappropriate. He’d also notice how he’d duck and shake his head and smile shyly, his neck and ears flushing slightly pink and Tony lived for making Steve act like this.
Scrambling to get himself under control, Tony shrugs, “I don’t see anyone with him. I’ll get JARVIS to run facial recognition if you want to get us more to drink.”
They watch Gregory being escorted out by someone who looks suspiciously like Maria Hill in the flashing lights of the dance floor, still moving together, just absentmindedly.
“Glad you made it, Steve," Rhodey says with genuine warmth. "I have it on good authority that Tony has a mask ready for you just in case you forgot yours.”
“I can think of a better way, too,” Steve says in a thick honeyed rumble that travels from Tony’s ears through to his core. It vanishes the moment Steve continues in a normal tone, “You should start playing Galaga.”
"What have you purposefully made explode?" Tony demands.
Carefully hidden beneath all of this are Runes. Most are the normal security ones Steve had suggested, but there are a few that shimmer with magic that has the distinct feeling of Other: Tony’s Valkyrie, Steve realizes after a few seconds.
The drag of Steve’s fingers leaving his hip have an unbidden whimper rising in Tony’s throat, and there’s a wild moment where his body tries to follow Steve’s. It takes all of Tony’s self-control to sit back and smile lazily up at Steve instead of clinging like a spider monkey. Steve must read something on him because there’s a second of hesitation, but Tony waves him off and pulls out his phone to see what JARVIS can come up with.
“Yeah,” Clint said with a twist to his lips. “I can’t believe it. I really can’t. This is not what I signed up for. Not Hydra.”
Steve snickers at him, but it sounds like he’s half hiccupping. It definitely teeters on being forced. Tony recognizes Steve’s effort to put yesterday behind them.
“Maybe I have a little bit of experience in knowing what isn’t love.”
Steve gazes at the toy lion. Its scratched blue eyes, its wobbly neck, its matted mane, all signs of a well-loved toy. With his index finger he pets his head. “This is yours?”
“What?” Steve yelps. “No, I don’t have to crap. I’m trying to send you messages telepathically. What are you even talking about?”
Tony exhales a sigh of relief and turns to Steve. “That went extremely well. Did you enjoy the game?”
Turning on the unit, it immediately spews much cooler air. It should be colder but it will do in a pinch.
“Just over the river. On a good day it’d be less than a thirty minute horse trot from here, but -.”
Steve hadn’t been privy to those machinations of the V-Corps. “I wouldn’t doubt it. Their plan wouldn’t be to let the zombies live.”
He shrugged. His thumbs notched in his belt. “Can’t say. Like I said I haven’t been here for all the years the facility has been in operation. I do know that there’s only been one subject for the experiments all the time I’ve been here. That’s o4.”
“Maybe he likes his privacy?” Bucky says.
She nods and as she leaves says, “You’re family is waiting for you. I’ll call them.”
He wasn’t the hero, Tony was.
Steve must drift off as he rolls ideas around in his head because the next time, he arises he’s starving, and the food is cold. He eats some of the crackers and fruits, leaving the once hot plates alone. He quickly goes to the bathroom, cleans up and then ties the robe on again. He notices that flood in the bathroom is gone and everything is in order. Did people come in while he was sleeping and just clean up? It’s kind of creepy.
“A little bit of all three, of course,” Steve replies and cannot help but feel comfortable in his own skin again. Talking to someone who knows him to his soul hasn't ever been a luxury for Steve. Bucky has always known Steve, never chastised him, but always hid him.
“Hmm.” Tony can feel him bristling with indecision. “I don’t-.”
Tony scrunches up his face as if he enmeshed in trying to figure out a mathematical anomaly and maybe it’s that – Steve doesn’t know. Tony rakes his hands through his hair.
“That’s the same thing Tony asked, and I’ll tell you that I’m not a man of the cloth, I’m not able to make those decisions.”
“What?” Steve sinks on the couch with his hands over his face. “What the hell?”
Tony smiles but it hardly touches his eyes. “Yes, I do. There are some sacrifices I insist on.”
“Sir, my position always has been and always will be to protect liberty and freedom. For me that includes all the people, and, yes, vampires are people, in this good country.” Steve wished he had the good sense to be that perfect soldier, but the fact remained that he would always be an imperfect soldier.
“I won’t tell Jessica a thing,” Steve had muttered.
The lion shuffles and the chain jangles.
“That’s highly irregular,” Steve says.
Natasha shrugged. “Suit yourself.” She continued to munch. Her legs were bent and her feet bare on the couch.
“I’ll get it when I’m sure the rest of the family is asleep. Do we even sleep here?” This place gives him a headache, even with the serum.
THE END
“No. Shit, no,” Steve said and steadied himself before he got his sea legs again and started down the hall. Tony had said something about Happy, about the others. His mind flipped over skittering along not grasping enough of what was going on. “What about everyone else?”
He’s not sure if this is a date or not. He nods then realizes Tony’s not wearing the glasses. “Whatever you need, Tony.” It’s the least he can do. He’s made such a mess and with that reporter sniffing around, Steve has to step in the role of protecting Tony and his secret.
“Will you come inside now?”
That brings a smile to the prince’s face. “Not one on one. Sure, I’m out there with my fleet, with Rhodey at my side. But I don’t get a lot of this – quiet moments.”
“Someone’s done his homework,” Tony said. That just made him want to cheer inside. His mind race forward as he explained the theory of electron orbits. “It’s like an atom but different. Electron shells are in orbits with different shapes. The s orbit is like me, but then the p and d orbitals get weirder as we go out. So, the closest ones are here and here.” He pulled the display around and pointed it out. “Of no surprise to anyone, Sam’s here, closest to the inner orbit while Natasha and Clint hover a bit more distant but close. Over here is Thor and Bruce for some reason. I would have thought Bruce would be closer considering he was the first bond. But it didn’t work out that way and I’m not one to manipulate data.”
“And according to my protocols to safeguard the prince’s wellbeing and knowing his current mental health state, you are defined as a personal assistant to the prince.” The AI almost sounds put out.
The lion does a small roar.
Steve stood there for several minutes alternating between hot and cold. Finally, he found his voice. “Sorry.” But there was no one there to hear it and Steve felt all the lonelier for it.
Tony moves away, breathless but ravenous. “Shower. Let’s shower.” He nudges Steve and they kiss again.
Steve shrugs. “Well, this is hardly cooking, and I’d hardly call myself a master chef. Have you seen Chef Ramsey? That man is a genius but has a potty mouth.” He retrieves two beers from the fridge and sets them on the counter island, opening both and sliding one over to Tony.
“You don’t want to leave Bucky,” Natasha retorts and she’s fire and rage more so than any of the preachers with their tales of brimstone he’d seen on the trail leading out West.
“Penny?”
Bruce hugged his arms around his torso and shook his head. “Just don’t talk about it. Okay. This whole thing is designed to stress me out.” He snorted a little and Tony snapped his attention to the road. It would take most of the night to get to the safe house, so he focused on that while at the same time eyeing Bruce every now and then to check his status.
Steve puts his hand between Tony and the stone. “The Red Skull isn’t that stupid, Tony. It’s a trap. If you take the stone now, then you will be tied to the place in Vormir for all time. If you wait until he has what he wants, he’ll grant you the power. It’s that simple.”
The box is a large semi-circular room with angled windows to view the action of the game. It’s already in play and the teams float in the bowl of the stadium. Steve inches toward the viewing platform, a tug at his sternum and he feels the click of his boots tighten to the floor. It surprises him.
Tony grasps Steve’s hands. “Tell me, tell me that Erskine was a good man.”
When Tony opens the door with a wave of his ring, he finds Steven on his knees waiting for him. While it pleases Tony that Steven has taken to protocol something about it irks him as well. He snaps, “You forgot to undo your collar.”
“You closed down the entire park?” Steve says his mouth agape.
Clint had side eyed him then as if to ask - what the hell? But Tony knew better to push it. Natasha too. They all learned to let the moment wash away like sandcastles in the tide. Because they understood, though they could never really comprehend that Steve was a man out of time and place. It wasn’t just time but place as well. The space-time continuum played a joke on Steve and he carries the mark of it, the tattoo of pain where ever he goes. There are times when something, some gesture, some event, some fragrance, some slight circumstance throws him to an old memory and it overwhelms him once again.
Tony grits his teeth. He wants to gnash them but that seems too melodramatic for the moment. “Kind of dating? I mean maybe he doesn’t like guys and he’s experimenting with me because he thinks it is the in thing to do these days?”
“I wanted to check in on you. I realize that the other day was tough for you,” Steve said and he watched as Tony narrowed his eyes as if he had a microscope and tried to discern Steve’s inner workings. “This is all a mess. I’ll give you that, but you have to come into it with an open mind.”
“Doesn’t make sense.”
“I’m not – I didn’t say I was disgusted by him!” Tony yells. “He lied to me.”
After a moment’s pause, Tony asks, “Is it hard? I mean, is it hard to be here with me when you would rather be with him?”
Steve shakes his head. “I couldn’t ever hope to be that good. I was mainly hoping to be a Residential Artist at one of the secondary Elite Family residences.” Those dreams are dead now and maybe Steve shouldn’t voice his disappointment, but something about the prince brings the truth to the surface. “That dream’s dead now.” He shifts his shoulders. “I’m okay with where I’m at. I can do this.”
Tony considered them. He felt like he was on the playground and everyone was triple dog daring him to stick his tongue on a frozen pipe. That was not going to happen, but still the noise in his head ratchetted up a degree and then the grinding pain in his belly and leg hit. He recoiled and Natasha grasped his hand and yanked.
“I have to believe it,” Steve said slowly and quietly. “I have to believe they are. Otherwise, what kind of world are we living in?”
“We need your help,” Fury had said. “Even though it pains me to say it, we need your help.”
“Oh,” Steve said, and it wasn’t an exclamation of disgust or hate, or even fear. Instead he felt blessed and hopeful. As he stood there, the meaning of the words changed him. Sure, he’d dallied a little, played with the idea of being with Tony, and he even allowed those taboo actions from the dream space to become reality, but he’d only skirted the idea. He’d played with it, teased it in his mind. He recalled the warmth that spread over him when he was with Tony – he thought it might be love, something strong and purposeful. But now he saw it might be something on both sides. Tony offered him something more than just the casual moment in time. “Oh.”
“This leader, what’s his name?”
“Sit, Captain,” T’Challa offered and then went to a counter near windows. He poured two glasses of juice and handed one to Steve as he sat oppose Steve in the highbacked cushioned chair. “Your country is in turmoil.”
“Yes, I do.” Tony carries him straight to the bathroom and puts Steve down on a cushioned seat. It’s off to the side and Steve always assumed that it was for dressing. Tony starts to undress Steve. “JARVIS bath, you know the temperature.”
When he planned to go to New York, he called Sam to tell him and said he would check in once he got to the city. In an off handed remark, Sam mentioned the idea of talking to the VA about getting a job transfer to New York. Just those few words eased Steve’s concerned.  He packed up a duffle, stuffed the Hydra files in the bottom of it, and then opened his door to leave only to find Clint in civilian clothes standing there, waiting.
Steve can barely walk with his wounded feet and the weight of the cage around his head. Instead he chooses to go down on his hands and knees to crawl after Bucky, using Bucky’s one hand on his shoulder as a guide.
“What’s the definition of the prince’s assistant?” Steve smiles.
"You got a minute, Anthony?"
“Tony?”
Steven saunters to the rack – exerting his power and Tony feels the influence of his bonding gland. The pheromones are thick in the air and, like a tonic, an addiction to Tony. He’s stronger than Tony surmised. He will terrify everyone at the Council. Tony will be the King of Worlds with this masterpiece at his side.
“Oh sorry. Sorry.” Her voice pitches louder as if he can’t hear as well as see.
“Okay then. Challenge accepted.” Steve plops the shield onto the snowy ground in a fresh patch of the hill. He settles onto the shield with his legs stretched out unlike his position the first time down the hill. He gestures for Tony to climb on his lap. “Come on, get on.”
It wasn’t
“I have food in my room. It’s a necessity. The worse thing any adversary has ever learned about me is how easy it is to starve me.” Steve forks the rest of the pancakes from the platter and puts them on his plate. “Do you think you can fix it?”
“Sorry, I just threw the stew together. I almost forgot, but the bread should be good.”
Tony gathers him into an embrace and guides Steve’s head onto his shoulder. He whispers words of condolences because there’s really nothing more to be done. The territories where the Fleet can still safely travel will be searched, the rest? The rest is already lost. “I’ve got you. I’ve got you.”
"Shit," Tony says. If it means what he thinks it means - he's wrong about one thing. Steve didn't take public transportation. He used a fucking bike with a little A painted onto the seat as a remembrance of who he used to be.
Sawyer had a baby face that belied his age. The wrinkles around his eyes and the liver spots on his hands told the real story. “Does that mean you’ll be closing us down?”
Steve twisted around to see the bare shoulder of the man lying beside him. The sheet and bedspread had been pushed lower, draped over the hip of the man – of Tony. Steve swallowed hard and reached out as if to touch him – but then he yanked his hand back. It made no sense because he wasn’t him anymore. He wasn’t Captain America. He was skinny, sickly Steve Rogers again, before Project Rebirth.
“Just a person who lives unconventionally, it was a movement back on Earth in the early 20th century. Ages ago. Lots of artists were associated with it,” Tony says.
“Come on. You never fantasized?”
“You want 2?” Her nostrils whistle when she exhales.
Obie groans. “Come on boy, you need a drink I can come up-.”
“No need for that,” Tony says. “I’m not taking anything other than the Commando.”
Shell shocked? Lord he was starting to sound like some old guy that had infected his brain.
“If that means losing it, yes. I do need to eat.” He grabs a sandwich and in no time at all gobbles up the whole thing. “I might need more.”
“No, far from it,” Steven says. “He was kind, and he needed someone to fill a gap in his life. I fit.” He stops and moves slightly, the water sloshes. He shields himself from Tony’s hands. “Please, you don’t need to do this. I understand the ways, the rules of the Council.”
The prince looks him up and down. Never has Steve felt so vulnerable and exposed. “No. Thank you. I have work to do and you, well you can just sit and eat and drink.”
“What do you call leaving a note and cutting out your gland? What do you call that?” Tony says and his eyes are fierce with anger and tearing with pain. “You tried to kill yourself. You can’t be trusted.”
“Not really.” He stays frozen, away from Tony. Walls are being built in that moment.
“Jo-Jo said you needed me,” Steven replies.
“Husband, sweetie. I know you haven’t really come out of the closet yet, but you got married so you’re going to have to get used to it, right?” Tony pushes past the nurses that are standing there shocked and speechless. He grabs Steve in his arms and hugs him. Immediately, Steve nuzzles into his shoulder and sighs. Tony feels his entire body relax. If there’s one thing Tony’s sure of – he’s doing the right thing. Whatever or whoever Steve is – he doesn’t deserve to be a lab rat.
“You’re always a tease.”
“You have fucked up. This is fucked up. And all you can think about is your boyfriend from the forties. Maybe you’re fucking Hydra and we’ve all been fooled.”
Steve waits it out for a week before he breaks down and decides he needs to bring in his horse for new shoes. The last encounter with Schmidt caused his horse, Shield, to throw a shoe and he’s worried about the integrity of the hoof. Shield has been with him since the war, and is more of a friend than just a horse. Bringing himself to admit he needs Stark’s help though, isn’t an easy task.
“My father, mostly. And then later, me. I needed someone to save me, from me.”
“Thank you, Commander, I do appreciate your ability to let bygones, be bygones.”
“Fuck you, Obie! I’ll go and search for him any time I want. Get out! Get out!”
“You don’t have to jump too far,” Tony said, and he thought his hands carried the stars as the projection seemed to merge with them.
“You very nearly were,” Shuri said but had the good sense to clamp down on the rest of the information.
“It wasn’t always like this here, was it?” Thoughts of his loved ones passing through this place is horrible and foreboding that it hurts.
Steve stops him. “Yeah, I saw it. All fabrication. Peggy never had to kiss me because I was frozen and sleeping like Snow White.”
“Yes, he is.”
She frowns and then says in softer tones, “Mister Stark, your alpha is what we refer to in the medical field as a Hermi. He has both alpha and omega attributes. His omega traits are less prominent, and I suspect the serum has something to do with that, but he clearly has uteri sacs, ovi seeds. He also has slick glans and a bonding gland at his neck. You clearly must know this.”
“He’s your choice for an omega-.” Obvious, Jamison likes to state the obvious when he doesn’t approve of something or some decision Tony’s made.
“Wait.” Tony walked into his penthouse apartment as the armor disappeared into storage. Even though, it still rankled that Steve had said Tony’s lifestyle was disgusting, Tony still felt a kind of responsibility for him. Especially after the soul bond search.  Should he broach the subject? Ask Steve if he needed a hand? Something? Instead, Tony settled for something more comfortable. “You
Tony grumbles but is at a loss for words. How does she know everything? He closes the door and shivers. It’s still fucking cold. As he walks away from the door, he hears the distinct sound of the Quin Jet’s engines revving to take off. A blistering wind shakes the house and it launches into the air.
“I need to sleep,” Steve grumbled but followed Tony’s prodding. As he sat up with Tony fluffing the pillows and propping cushions around him, Steve rubbed at his eyes and smiled. “I love you.”
Steve nods but his fears ratchet up. He tears a little at his t-shirt and chews on his lower lip. This could make or break him. If the prince says he screwed up, then he could demand Natasha punish him or even have the government arrest him. Yet, he knows what he signed up for when he agreed to the contract. The Widow’s Brothel allows the workers to stipulate what they will and will not do, not like some of the other brothels. He has a lot of leeway and he never put high dignitaries on the off-limits list.
Steve smiled. “Understood, sir. Thank you, sir.”
Captain America.”
“Thanks, Sam,” Steve says and tilts his hat before he departs.
Tony pulls over a chair and sits down, leaning forward and clasps his hands. “You’re going to have to step back a little. The wings, the Legion – you want to explain a little.”
“For fuck’s sake, Steve, Thor’s mom is not trying to curse you.” Out from the shadows the Red Knight appears. “We’re trying to help you. You fucking nearly killed yourself. Or sent yourself beyond our capacity to help you. Whatever dead means in this realm.”
“Don’t want to give away all of my secrets,” Tony says, pushing away the hair plastered to his face. “Doing this was risky enough.”
He leans against the back of the elevator as it descends. He grips the rail and closes his eyes. When the elevator opens and JARVIS announces his arrival, Steve jolts and manages to get into his room, struggles to get to the bathroom. He orders JARVIS to sleep mode and then falls on the bed, just feet from the bathroom. All the strength given to him by Project Rebirth means nothing as the seizure overtakes him.
Tony pulled him close and held him as the after effects of his climax quaked through him. They sat on the floor, the abandoned couch behind them. Steve held Tony, his strong arms around him. He panted and trembled against Tony.
Tony could end it here and now. He didn’t have to be tied to this. Hell, he could call Iron Legion to him.  He wouldn’t though because that was insane and while Tony might live on the edge of sanity at times, he always ended up doing the right thing. Or at least he tried. “I’m not sure I can do this.” As he said it Tony realized he echoed what Steve had some last night in his dreams.
He expects the next thing he feels will be Steve entering him, but it isn’t. A hot moist tongue licks his entire length and then he’s swallowed down. Tony bucks under Steve and cries out. He doesn’t want to come yet. This is sweet torture. He’s barely breathing, his air sticks in his lungs. He rumbles against Steve as he sucks and rubs his tongue against Tony’s cock.
“Well, it’s probably the next clue to getting to the rim.”
Steve smiles but this time it is tender and sweet. “Yeah.”
“I promise.”
It’s the Alpha Steve spent his last heat within the presentation room in Wakanda after which he sliced his own gland out. “I’ll take the 5th.”
She patted his hand with her gnarled one and said, “One does not lay down a calling. You are called. He is called. Together you will save the world, or it will burn. It is that simple.”
Instead of surrendering, Steve rams his fist straight into the side of Bucky’s neck. The doppelganger staggers away from his hunched position over Steve. Reluctance swept away, Steve surges to his feet. He forgets the pain blossoming like a burning sun over the side of his face. His fists collide with Bucky’s throat, his face, his ribs. In a fury he activates the shield and rams it into the imposter’s chest. Bucky spits up blood into Steve’s face, splatter over his mouth and nose. All Steve smells is copper and dust and cold taste of death. He falls back and tries to get to his feet. A dozen people appear at the different entrances their little cavern in the maze. They’re in various states of decay and the putrid stench fills the enclosed space. Steve’s eyes water at the sting of the air.  He puts the back of his hand of his mouth and nostrils. His cheekbone pounds in agony. Regardless of how many times he says it’s all in his head, his body rebels and tells him otherwise.
“So, it’s like a video game, each level gets more difficult,” Clint had said.
"She got a name?"
“Okay.”
He frowns. Where is Steve? How is he supposed to sit here in the clinic without his personal assistant? Just then Tony hears the door creak open, and he says, “Steve?”
“It is not what you seek, yet you will find it in the hidden places of the world.”
“Get him out and hide him,” Tony mutters and suddenly, everything clarifies. He knows exactly what he needs to do. He crosses the small divide between them and cradles Steve in his arms. He gently tugs Steve’s arms into position and then, with the repulsor, fires at the chains and frees him. He does the same for his ankles.
“Yeah, well, I am Russian. We like our poetry.”
With a guttural cry, Bucky ran at Tony. But Steve – naked and vulnerable – blocked him and huffed as the air gushed out of his lungs upon impact of shoulder to abdomen. With barely enough breath, Steve had managed, “Ss-st-op. Bu-Bucky – know who yo-.” But he never finished because Bucky had one mission, one goal and that was Tony. A sweep of his arm and he flung Steve across the room to clatter and fall to the floor.
“We both know you broke the rules, Rogers. Now get over to Bruce and have him take your blood sample.” She never turns to face him; the blue light of the aquarium an eerie glow about her.
He needs to use the high ground to his advantage. Unfortunately, the sun’s behind Hulk so that means Steve’s staring below it’s rays but into the blinding reflection from the snow. In a ridiculous move, he balls up some snow and whips it straight at the Hulk, who stops, stupefied at the idiocy. He stomps like a child, bends down, and scoops up snow. Steve only has this moment to act. He musters all his strength and aims the shield at Hulk’s temple. He hurls it. It hits home too easily and a slice across his temple and brow appears. It only serves to piss him off. He howls at Steve and launches himself up the side of the foothill.
Steve bows his head and presses his lips together in a tight line. After a moment he nods. “Yeah I get it. I understand. I owe a lot to my friends. My Ma died when I was in college and I didn’t have much. No one tried to kill me – well, not outside the Army anyhow. But they’ve been there for me. All the way.”
Blu looks over to the side where a large deer lays on the ground.
For the first time, Steven glanced at him with tender eyes. There was something distant and yearning in them as if he might remember something he once enjoyed. It was fleeting and beautiful at the same time. “Yes, I would love to, my lord.” The words said one thing but the pain laced through them said another.
“How many what?” The wind grows in intensity.
“It doesn’t work like that,” Steve says and he kisses the crown of Tony’s head.
By steel bars.
“I think I can, but I think a lot of people come out here for the opportunity,” Steve says.
Tony puts down the tubing. “No. Tell me really. You say the same thing to everyone who asks you. I’ve heard that answer a thousand times on talk shows and news interviews. What’s the real answer?”
“Yeah,” Steve said and shuddered. Even a hooker liked it once in a while – Tony told himself these lies all the time.
“Shit.” He doesn’t have the backpacks. Neither of them. Consistency has been working in their favor since the very first rim. The Hawkeye outer rim had so many glitches and reboots things would change unexpectedly, but after that the world and game had settled. Now, Ultron’s playing with it again. Changing things to get the advantage.
“Fine, I’m sure Commander that you didn’t come to speak with me about how I’m doing.”
“Yeah like vipers.”
“No. No we’re not. We’re not done. I want to know you Steve.”
The man rattles the chains around his wrists and, for a second, Tony thinks he might be able to break them. His arms, though, are like twigs. Long and thin. His muscles and sinews are stark and reedy. Tony can imagine his broad shoulders and unblemished back thick with muscles. Even that thought sends him into a tailspin of need. He shifts on his heels and sees that even though the man before him hangs in a vulnerable position, and scowls at Tony, his cock stands ramrod straight and dripping between his legs.
“Means you are Companion.” Natasha left the bedroom and Sam shrugged at Steve.
During his short research into the prince, Steve noted that Tony had been known as a partier and a drunk in his formative, teenaged years. He’d even been ostracized by his father at one point, speculation ran wild that the teen would be disowned and that the crown would pass to a designated heir outside of the family. Rumor had it that Obadiah Stane turned that around and convinced the elder Stark to keep the crown in the family. Steve supposes that Obie is the one and only Obadiah and it is one of the reasons that the prince feels obliged to the older man.
By the time they arrive in Greenwich village and get out of the car in front of 177A Bleecker Street, it is nearly 11. Tony’s appointment is at 11, so Steve waves goodbye to Happy and navigates Tony into the large building that looks a little like a wizard’s hideout. During the past week, Tony fitted Steve with an earbud that looks similar to something someone talking on the phone would have. It makes it easier for Steve to speak to Tony and give him directions without directly guiding him. It also makes it look like Steve is perpetually on the phone.
“Not the most conventional of bar attire, but you can make it work. Actually, I like it. Keep it commando and—”
“An incredible pain in my ass,” Steve says, his voice sounding whiny even to him. “Most of the phone calls I’ve been getting recently have been about the novelty of talking to—and I quote—‘Tony Stark’s pet wizard’, or reporters trying to score an interview with him.”
“If you don’t like it—” Steve starts, but Tony cuts him off.
Brunnhilde glances over at Steve and he meets her eyes very briefly as their magic brushes together in greeting. Hers thrums with immortal energy and sparks against his skin like static, leaving him with the distinct feeling of Other. Steve almost misses Sunset letting go of Tony and grabbing her mask, too caught up in his battle with fight-or-flight that being around Fae always inspires. He might never have noticed if Brunnhilde hadn't turned away first.
Tony is seated in an overstuffed armchair, looking radiant in a red tux laced with gold threads that glitter in a way that should be gaudy but is just beautifully eye-catching. He’s leaning towards an absolutely stunning woman who looks both familiar to Steve and close to tears. Beside them are two masks that lay together, tangled up on a side table, and the precious stones on one sparkle in the low light.
Natasha sets down a fresh pot of coffee and sits beside him, plucking the file from his hands to curiously flip through it. “Don’t think so. Clint and I are heading out for some recon tomorrow. There’s some stirrings in Latveria that Fury wants us to check out, and this looks local.”
Steve pulls out his mask from his jacket pocket and holds it up triumphantly. It’s black imitation velvet, wrinkled to all hell, with weird bunches around the edges—marks of him buying the first one he saw at the dollar store that wasn’t plastic.
For a moment there’s a stillness that settles over them, and Tony’s breath catches in his throat. Fear washes over him—maybe he’s pushed too far or read into it too much. In just one second he’s managed to ruin one of his most important friendships. All because he couldn’t keep his mouth shut.
"Rhodey's right," Steve says quietly, then louder. "People will be wondering where their host is. We don't want rumours of your demise."
"He's also gotten a hardware boost. I think I'm getting closer to magic-proofing this place." Tony grins happily at him, somehow managing to look both smug and charming at the same time. "Brunnhilde hasn't made anything explode in over a week now."
Opening the box doesn't ease the worry that he's about to wear something worth more than what he makes in a year. Instead of fabric, the mask is composed of thousands of silver wires that flow intricately together to give the illusion of gears.
“Glad you made it,” she says in greeting. “And fashionably late, too. Tony won’t know whether to be disappointed or impressed.” She grins at him and he can't help but grin back, though he's sure his is more strained.
“You sit better when you feel like you can fidget. Go look yourself over and get ready for your date night with Steve. I’m going to go get the bail money ready.”
"They're after me, Steve. This is about me and if I can just get over there—"
The shaking doesn't stop, but Tony straightens up and leans forward toward Sunset. "Why? Why would she—she killed people, Steve. I was calling her a friend and she was murdering—" Tony shudders to a stop, his breathing rabbit-quick.
“Well," Steve starts, but all three of them are distracted by the sound of a fake camera shutter going off.
“Number two, actually. I had a few others, but JARVIS told me they were a bit excessive.”
There’s also a star right over where Tony’s arc reactor is.
It's Steve's turn to flip them over, but this time he gets up onto one knee, slightly in front of Tony. The position is bad, his back to where Brunnhilde is fighting, but Tony is safe in the crux of his legs and against his chest.
“And here I thought I was finally going to get some use out of them,” Steve deadpans, hip-checking the fridge door closed and setting himself up at the counter with a carton of eggs and various other obscenely healthy-looking things.
They're both laughing by the time the song ends, but Steve manages to get the basic box step down for both leading and following. They'd even advanced to actually traveling a few feet, but only with Tony leading. The turns were put on hold after Steve had tripped—not just stepped on but actually tripped—over Tony's foot.
“The bus got caught in traffic,” he explains. “Things are busy around here for some reason.”
“Halloween is his favourite excuse to have a party,” Rhodey says, his voice fond but also a bit worried. “I think he likes it because it’s easy to sneak out of.” Steve glances over in surprise, and Rhodey shrugs. “You should know by now that he’s not always like what you see in the media.”
“Well shit, that's a science sandwich I want to be part of,” Tony says, and has scramble to avoid a sharp elbow to the ribs. “Hey! Just because you can’t appreciate big brains doesn’t mean no one else does.”
With one foot on the ground and the other curled under him, Tony raises himself high enough that he can press his thumb against the side of Steve’s mouth, silently asking permission to take this further with the simple touch. Every breath feels like a prayer when Steve tilts his head up and presses into Tony’s hand, the pounding of Tony’s heart a chorus of wishes never spoken out loud. Tony nips at Steve’s bottom lip to the gentle pressure of Steve touching the back of his thigh.
Tony snorts. She’s not giving herself nearly enough credit for her sneaky behind-the-scenes work.
Tony glances back at him, first with the fires of wrath burning in his eyes, and then it cools into reluctant amusement. “Brunnhilde scares you, doesn’t she.” Tony says. It’s phrased like a question but there’s really no room for argument.
Carol waves them off, already heading over to where Misty is surveying the reporters, and once they’re safely inside Steve takes the chance to look around as well. The lifestyle of the rich and famous takes time to get used to, more time than Steve has had. There’s so much excess that Steve feels something shrivel up inside of him in self-consciousness.
Steve laughs and puts his hand on Tony's lower back before he can talk himself out of it. Tony immediately turns wide eyes on him and Steve takes the opportunity to steer him towards the door. "Your subjects are waiting out there and Rhodey needs to get back to non-magical security. I'm sure Carol is missing him by now."
He’s too old for this shit, Tony decides when he’s in the middle of a swarm of people who have no interest in maintaining any personal space. Too old to be pressed up against a guy straight out of his fantasies and blue-balling himself. Steve isn’t helping any: his hands are back at Tony’s hips and pulling him closer even as Tony tries to angle away.
Tony squawks at him as he fumbles his catch. "Hey, you have an issue with my humour you take issue with yourself. You were there during my formative years."
“That's what she said,” Tony crows, jabbing at Steve’s side with his finger. Steve doesn't even flinch, just swats at him while Tony laughs at his disdainful expression.
“Yes, JARVIS, dear, who is Steve’s backup?” Tony asks, sitting back with a smug yet satisfied smile once he’s erased his tracks. A few seconds off his best time, even after SHIELD
wear that," Tony says slowly, moving closer and amiably taking the mask from him. The cheap fabric slides against his skin, body-warm and sensual in a way Steve never thought a dollar store item could be. "You definitely could wear that, or you could wear one of mine that will hook you up with JARVIS."
With that, he walks around the bar with set determination and grabs the can of whipped cream like his sanity depends on it.
Natasha laughs while Clint groans at the four perfectly lined-up Blow Jobs that he’s made, because if he has to work around the image of sucking Steve’s dick, so does everyone else, goddamnit.
Steve stares at them in shock: at Brunnhilde who’s suddenly looking bored, and at the slumped body lying prone on the floor.
“You made me an op,” Tony cuts in, amazement and amusement warring within him. “You created an operation within an operation. This was reconnaissance to see if you could get into my pants.”
Hell, if Natasha and Clint weren’t here he probably would ask. He’d ask while standing between Steve’s legs, his hands sliding up the bracketing thighs as he leaned in close enough to whisper the words against Steve’s ear. All it would take is one word, one tiny nod, and he’d drag Steve over to the couch and drop down to his knees—
“Director Fury has asked that you check your email sometime in-between the many meetings you suddenly have. I have taken the initiative to review what he sent, and it appears to be a digital copy of SHIELD’s ‘Sexual Misconduct’ and ‘Workplace Harassment’ handbooks.”
"I have the same one but in red and gold," Tony announces excitedly. "It looks a bit weird like this because it doubles as a headset, but if you just lean down I can put it on."
Tony actually stops to consider it, and Steve's stomach drops. If it’s making Tony Stark stop to calculate, it’s going to be way out of Steve's price range. "Am I calculating my time in here or considering that part as a gift?"
Whatever else he tries to say is cut off by a deafening shockwave that shatters all the glass in the room and throws people like rag dolls. The force of it rolls over Steve, impacting his shield and pushing him down even harder, despite Tony making a noise like the air is being forced from his lungs.
"I need to see what's going on," Tony hisses into his ear as he tries to wriggle loose.
Although Steve’s attention and focus is on Natasha, Tony catches a quick glance in his direction that immediately sets him on edge. He takes a sip of his coffee and squints between the two of them as they have their silent conversation. Annoyance is simmering in the back of his mind, and—to make matters even worse—Natasha is now wearing that secret smile of hers that drives him nuts. The one that tells him yes, they're definitely talking about him, and no, they don't plan on sharing.
“Because I’m shirtless and Steve is dressed like a hooker. Who wouldn’t want photographs?” Tony wiggles his eyebrows at her with a cheesy leer on his face. It turns into a frown of outrage when Clint snickers.
The file is still there when Tony starts to feel a bit more alive. It’s an unspoken rule that anything left lying around is fair game for prying eyes and bored minds, meaning morning newspapers have become a scarce commodity after the appearance of the first couple of files.
Rhodey looks heavenward, says, "You're adults, figure yourselves out," and pushes open the door.
“We’ll save them for another weekend. Tony, you’re going to have to shave the beard if you’re serious about this.”
“Hold still,” Pepper chides after what felt like an eternity of him and Clint silently arguing while he’s poked and prodded with brushes. It can’t have been more than five minutes real time, but it feels like his hair should be grey and his skin withered with old age.
Natasha taps the side of her nose, eyes mischievous, while Clint laughs and holds up a beer. “That’s why Nat always goes last for picking the shots.”
Tony coughs, ignores Steve’s unimpressed look, and taps a sequence into the countertop to start up the built-in computer system. A few more seconds and he’s in SHIELD’s files and making a few ‘minor’ alterations. Steve and Natasha both ignore him, so used to his random bursts of inspiration that they talk over him as he types away.
Tony caught himself studying the face of the other man. Steve was way older than Tony, he’d been through more shit than one could imagine, but sitting there, body crumpled up and face flushed, Steve looked so young. His long, dark eyelashes glistened in the weak kitchen lights and Tony wondered if maybe Steve had been crying. The peculiar tug at his heart returned, and Tony swallowed thickly as he felt the urge to go over to Steve and wrap him into his arms. Steve looked like someone who desperately needed a hug. But Tony refrained form doing so. It would inappropriate. Why would Steve want a hug from him anyway.
Because, for Steve, spring-time meant allergy-season. And Steve absolutely
“That’s not true, Tony,” Steve’s words were almost a whisper. “You’re not the last person I’d want to talk to… not at all, actually. I just…” Sigh. “I just can’t. Snff! You know, talk about it.”
- yeah, I’m fine.
“Don’t get too cocky now, Stark. You’re still a smartass and it still pisses me off sometimes.”
“Those didn’t sound helpful at all,” Bucky murmurs and gives Steve’s shoulder a squeeze.
“Just leave me the hell alone, Steve!” Tony finally calls, however, not exactly what Steve wants to hear.
As expected, the group turns to look at him and mumbles a chorus of blessings.
“Shhh… stop speaking, Steven,” he purred as he placed a tender kiss on Steve’s cheek, pulling him into a warm embrace. As held held onto him, his arms barely reaching all the way round Steve’s broad frame, he gently pushed Steve backwards until they were both lying down in each other’s arms. They didn’t speak, just listened to the way they harmonized as they breathed in unison. Tony found a comfort in hearing the proof of life that followed every in- and exhale. Slowly he felt his eyelids grow heavier and closed a few moments later. He still listened attentively to the way Steve’s breath evened out. It was so peaceful, and Tony happily thought to himself that nothing could take the calm away.
“It’s okay to let your guard down for once in your life, Steve. You’re sick, you need to relax… and, oh my god I’m gonna regret saying this later, but you’re surprisingly cute when you’re not so uptight,” Tony whisper and Steve could catch the undertones of a smile in his voice.
Steve cleared his throat and blinked wearily. “Oh, actually I- snff- um, no… actually not.”
Tony smirked and raised an eyebrow. He leaned back comfortably in the sofa, suddenly feeling a lot better.
“Tony, I-“ Steve started but Tony cut him off.
Natasha tensed and rubbed her thighs uneasily.
“Access denied,” Tony grumbled crossly.
“That sucks… You sound like someone who needs some time to relax. And to find some medicine. I don’t think I’ve ever seen you like this. I mean,
“Yeah,” Steve nearly sobs out as he nods. He can no longer hold back and lets his breath hitch uncontrollably while his lower lip quivers intensely. Every exhale is deep and desperate and
Steve drew in a shaky breath. “I’m-,” his voice broke, so he cleared his throat, “‘M o-okay. I, uh…”
“Probably won’t work on me anyways. Medicine usually doesn’t with my metabolism,” Steve says as he reaches for the box of tissues Tony had dropped.
“I won’t go, Tony. Can we please just talk?” Closing his eyes, Steve sighs deeply. He wants nothing more than to take Tony’s hands in his, caress his cheek and hold him tight. If he would just open the damn door.
“Yeah?” Tony asks, eyes glistening in the dim workshop light, and Steve immediately knows that it’s not just the tears that makes his eyes sparkle.
“In the flesh, Cap.”
“Sorry… We shouldn’t be doing this,” he whispered, leaning his forehead against Tony’s. “You’ll get sick.”
Tony chuckled and Steve pressed the heel of his hand into his eye, rubbing harshly. Tony felt a smile tugging at his lips, as if it wouldn’t go away even if he desperately tried to do so.
“In he
Steve gives him a displeased glare before burying his face in the soft material. “
“Aaand he’s back to being good, old, righteous Captain America… should have known. I didn’t, by the way. I ran into Nat and Barnes. They were on their way to provide you with all of these different supplies and medicines. If I’m being honest, which, obviously, I always am, I don’t even know what half of these things are.”
“Bless you.”
Steve’s expression suddenly grew into a melancholic frown, his eyes lowered and his lips curled into a smile that Tony thought looked more sad as opposed to happy. He felt a faint pain in his chest, one he rarely felt, but something told him it was a little thing called compassion. Ugh, since when had that been a thing?
As he stood there, he surveyed the room. He hadn’t been visiting Steve’s floor very often, but it looked just like how he’d imagined it: tidy, organized and depressingly empty. Everything seemed to have its place. The few paintings that were on the walls hung perfectly straight; the kitchen was exemplarily clean, not a single plate was in the sink (Tony couldn’t relate); the pillowed sat flawlessly in the couch, which looked like it had never been used. It was almost surgical how impeccable the room looked, and Tony’s heart ached at how impersonal it was. The only sign of life was the used tissues that were scattered randomly around the room.
“Casualties?” he hears someone ask, but he’s too busy trying to fight off the itch, rubbing his nostrils with his knuckles, to perceive who asked.
Tony swallowed thickly. Of course Steve wouldn’t even try to go to sleep. Tony didn’t care if Steve’s ramble last night was out of pure fatigue and delusion or if he genuinely trusted Tony. Tony hoped for the latter but wasn’t convinced.
None of them dared to move, both waiting for the other one to speak up first. Steve’s jaw was clenched once again, the way he always clenches it and Tony hates it because he can’t read it. He doesn’t know what it means — it has so many meaning, he’s learned. He does it when he’s in pain, or when he’s nervous, or angry, or sad and, Tony thinks, maybe even when he’s scared. And Tony doesn’t know which of Steve’s clenches he would prefer right now.
He’s waiting for the rest of the team to turn up for the mandatory post-operation debrief and, as usual, Steve’s the first to show. Somehow, even when voluntarily coordinating search and rescue, he always manages to escape medical and get ready to close up for the day. Maybe it’s because he hates procrastinating, or maybe he’s just too exhausted and beat up to keep his head clear for long. Today, it’s definitely the latter.
Steve smiles tiredly at Tony as he presses the ‘up’  button on the elevator. “Thanks again, Tony. I really appreciate it.”
Not a lot of people could tell the difference between the role he played and the real man that was behind the sharp exterior. But Steve could.
“He’s been asking for you, by the way. He’s… worried about you”
Steve hummed grumpily in reply, then shivered, his entire body shaking.
“And you’re apparently a bigger asshole than one would think,” Steve clicked his tongue and Tony smirked smugly. “Not that I don’t want your company Stark, but um… I have some work to do, so-“
“Agent Romanoff is requesting access, Sir,” the AI announced.
“Bless you. Bless you… God bless you, Steven,” Tony spoke softly as he carefully stroked Steve’s abdomen from behind him.
Steve leaned forward, his elbows resting on the kitchen table and copied Tony, raising one eyebrow. “Why are you up, huh?”
About halfway through the debrief, Steve is ready to die. He’s kept fairly composed so far; frequent sniffles and teary eyes, but no sneezing yet. They are just about to discuss the damage and decide how to clean up to city after the numerous destructions when Steve’s nose starts tickling.
Steve just shook his head, but before ehe could even open his mouth to protest, Tony spoke up.
Well, that excludes Steve. Steve was not having
Steve looked up, his eyes were bleary, and his hair was ruffled and messy, which Tony found strangely intriguing. He noticed how Steve’s face was abnormally pale, apart from his cheeks and the tip of his nose which were flushed slightly pink. He seemed rather confused, a bit disorientated perhaps, then squinted at Tony.
“Your arm okay?” Steve frowns a little, concern clear on his face. He knows not to worry too much, but he can’t help it.
“I would imagine… He’s probably the worst sick person ever. And now he’s injured too, which is just the icing on the cake, isn’t it?”
“Tony, please stop, I’m fi-“
Looking up, Steve can’t help but beam at his boyfriend through teary eyes. “I love you. So much.” He leans in and presses their lips together, fondly and gently, just like everything else Steve does. His arms are still wrapped around the smaller frame and as he slowly begins to rock their bodies in harmony, he sings quietly:
second, Tony.” He chuckles and shakes his head fondly.
“Yeah, I guess so… snff I’m not the biggest fan of sleeping either. Mbaybe, snff , maybe that’s why I can’t seem to doze off,” Steve admitted and shrugged.
And with that, Tony closes the door to Steve’s bedroom. He stays outside for a few seconds until the weak light that shines through the key hole goes out and smiles satisfied.
” Steve says through hitchy breaths and rushes to finish the sentence before catching a quick single in the tissue he still has in his hand.
“Because I care, Steve.” There it was. “I care about you so much it hurts. And I don’t like it, cos’ I don’t do this catching-feelings-thing.”
“You’re the worst at taking care of yourself, Rogers. And that’s a lot coming from me. Why are you so damn stubborn?”
“You getting attached to the chair there, Rudolph?” Tony teases with a perky smile as he walks towards Steve, who is surprised by the sudden voice. He hadn’t even noticed he wasn’t alone.
Huh. Tony felt odd… Steve was injured and probably fully drugged-up and presumably not conscious enough to think clearly, but Tony couldn’t ignore the slight satisfaction of knowing that Steve thought about him, even when he had so much else to be concerned about. But of course, no one could know that, so Tony just rolled his eyes.
“Oh- no, that’s okay. Thanks, though,” Steve smiled sincerely and Tony nodded back at him. Steve’s eyes slowly fluttered shut, but Tony could sense how the soldier was trying to resist the urge to close his eyes and his himself slip out of consciousness. Tony smiled sympathetically at Steve, his cheeks flushed, his nose bright red, hair ruffled and looking the messiest Tony’d ever seen and his lips a perfect shade of pink.
He sighs defeatedly and nods his thanks when a few people bless him.
“Tha-
“Guys, Cap’s down. Send the med-team immediately. Now!”
The wounded soldier was sat hunched over on his bed, clutching his torso and clenching his jaw. (Tony was sure he could cut himself on Steve’s jawline — so strong, so sharp and Tony wanted to run his fingers over it softly, caressingly. Wait- no! He did not.) Steve was wearing sweatpants and that same sweater he had worn in the kitchen the night before, his hair was wet and messy, and Tony could see the flush in his cheeks and how his nostrils were rough and pink, like had they been abused by too many tissues and probably the cuff of the sweater as well.
Tony didn’t reply, just frowned. Natasha sighed and her expression softened. Grabbing the nearest the nearest chair, she sat down and crossed her legs.
Shaking his head, Tony leans away from Steve’s caring touch. “I can’t ask this much from you.”
“M’sorry… You shouldn’t have to listen to all my pathetic crap,” Steve broke the eye contact when the silence became slightly uncomfortable and shifted in his seat.
Tony sighed and huffed a laugh.
He wants nothing more than to just go to bed, but he has an important work meeting afterwards. As if fighting off an army of robotic aliens wasn’t enough for one day.
Unsure of what to say, Steve lays an arm around the smaller man’s waist and embraces him, warmly and affectionately.
Tony felt his cheeks flush and smiled like a giddy teenage girl. “That makes this so much easier for me,” he whispered as he leant in softly placed his lips on Steve’s. One hand was cupping the soldier’s cheek, the other one still squeezing his tight.
“Go to sleep, Steve. I’ll be right here if you need me. I promise.”
He considers making JARVIS send out some sort of emergency alarm to stop the meeting, but he figures getting on Fury’s wrong side is a bad call, so he bites tongue, and impressively so. He
“Well, as your fellow insomniac, why don’t we go watch a movie or something. Like I said, ‘sleep is overrated,’” Tony gave a quick glance over his shoulder, referring to the living room.
Steve’s lips were soft and had a sweet taste, just like Tony had imagined and they matched his perfectly, as if they were made for each other. It started off slow and gentle but grew more passionate by the second, their hand suddenly fiddling all over each other. Tony reckoned things would’ve progressed even further had Steve not pulled away.
“I guess you’re right. In my defensive, my asshole-ness is my trademark. It makes me who I am. Pep always said it got me into a lot of trouble, though, and she wasn’t wrong, to be honest and- Wait, sorry, I’m just rambling now… I just meant to say you’re more… casual? Like you don’t have a stick up your butt.”
“Do you normally sneeze this much, by the way? I mean, you’ve probably sneezed, like, 30 times in he last hour.”
Steve huffs a laugh and gives a nod. “Yeah. Should be here soon enough, I hope. I have to be somewhere after this.”
much. “I promise.”
“Yeah, I think the shower did me good. I was probably covered in whatever is bothering m-me, huh—
Tony presses his lips together in a thin line and draws in a sharp breath, preventing himself from cracking and bursting into tears. Instead, he swallows thickly, holds his breath and gives another small shake with his head.
“There’s no discussion here, Steve. You’re hurt — and sick — you need medical attention, right now,” Tony said sternly.
Like, literally
Tony is now on the verge of snapping, telling Fury to shut it and round up so Steve doesn’t have to suffer any more than he already is. The guy seriously needs something to help him
, Tony repeats in his mind.
Tony placed a soft kiss to Steve’s shoulder and nuzzled his face into the side his neck.
“Yeah? You just wait a few days, I’ll be back to outwitting you in no time, Stark,” Steve quipped earning a laugh from Tony and Steve couldn’t help blush at how the soft chuckle was like the most beautiful melody he could imagine.
“C’mon, Rogers,” Tony started. “You’re sick, you need to let yourself rest. Please.”
In this moment, however, as Steve was sitting there, looking so small and, to some extend, pathetic, Tony felt puzzled. This was an different Steve, a softer, more human Steve. Maybe he didn’t actually know Steve as well as he thought he did.
When Tony got a look at the content, he immediately understood. Damn, he thought to himself as his eyes ran over the photo of Steve and someone who Tony presumed was Bucky Barnes. Steve looked… different. Skinnier and shorter, the photo was obviously taken before the serum, but he was still immensely beautiful and the smile on his face was unlike any of the smiles Tony had ever seen from him. It was wry and crooked and sweet and authentic. It was real, it made Tony dizzy and giddy, and he suddenly felt an egoistical desire to make Steve smile like that again.
“Please.” It’s a low whisper, a plea, soft and tender.
Sorry for the delay in this chapter. I was out of town. I will be working on this and Code of Silence for the foreseeable future with some breaks for one shots and that's it. Hope you enjoy this chapter.
As if the young man read Tony’s mind, he raised his upper lip in a silent snarl.
Cutting into the water with powerful strokes, Steve slices toward the beacon, the hand, the one hope he has to find Tony. He ignores the bitter, icy cold of the water. It burns it is so icy. He keeps his eyes sighted toward the hand, and then it vanishes beneath the waves again. Undeterred, Steve kicks hard against the current’s pull and approaches Tony. Only to have the water rip Tony from his grasp when he comes within inches of catching a hold of his jacket.
Steve laid his head back again and blinked away the tears, the weight of what she’d told him pressed on his chest and each breath labored against his sternum. “But Tony is one of these Divini now. With powers of his own?” A weakness pervaded his muscles, his bones. He ached all over as the turmoil inside turned more physical and painful.
“It is a time of growth for you. You are progressing along the vampire maturation path much more quickly than any other vampire I have known in all the ages of my life, and there have been many.” Thor studied him with a critical eye. “Do not be so sure of yourself and your ability to stop from going too far with your human. You may very well drain him by pure accident in your current state.”
Tony felt the tears run down his own face and he frowned before he replied, “It’s not your fault.” It hurt to say it, to admit it. Logically Tony knew it was true, every damned word of it. But it was still hard not to have someone physically to blame. “It’s not your fault. There’s nothing-.” He shook as he said, “There’s nothing to forgive.” It was true. Every word of it. But it hurt so much like a knife to his soul. They stood there, holding onto one another like anchors against the storm.
“Stark has never been accused of being reticent.” She reached for her fries, grabbed the bag, and sat back on the easy chair. “Something’s up.”
She pushes the bowl of stew back to him as he tries to place in on the small table next to the bed. “You need your strength.”
Tony leaves him to his thoughts and his surveying the countryside. He wants to get home now; he wants to put this behind him, but then he has Steve Rogers, aka Captain America to deal. As a child, Captain America symbolized everything Tony longed for, especially from his father. Tony glimpses his companion. His shoulders are already turning red from the high sun. He supposes the legendary super soldier serum will deal with it.
“I can sit with him, if he wakes,” Steve says and continues up the stairs. When he enters the room the smell of sickness and blood hits him in the face and he grips the door frame, as his head spins. He closes his eyes and tries to steady himself, but it’s too much and he needs to back away, get fresh air.
Finally they get to Steve’s floor. Steve directs Tony to the little hovel of an apartment where he entertains clients instead of the apartment he shares with his mysterious friends. Tony frowns and Steve catches his expression.
The armor melts away from Tony’s face, that’s battered and bruised. He lets out a troubled breath and coughs. Steve bends over him, checking to see if anything impeding his airway. Tony bats him away.
“Don’t be naïve Steve. I have in the past, you know that.”
“Hey, hey. You need to get up, yeah, but let’s eat first.” Tony places the tray on the opposite bed – the one he’d occupied when they went under into Ultron’s virtual world.
Steve nodded a greeting to the rest of the team and then introduced Sam – even though he was pretty sure that it already happened in DC. Some of his memory was disturbingly fuzzy from the time he spent in the hospital. Clint entered the room and sat next to Steve. Clint looked better as if he hadn’t been laid up due to some metaphysical ailment of his soul just a few days ago.
“What big purple aliens?” Lily asked as Laura hushed her. Clint only grinned in what Steve could only described as supreme pride of his little family.
Tony opts to mutter, “You could say that.” He refuses the bait – well as long as he can.
“That’s not how this works.” Tony denies his forgiveness. He paces a little in the bath. “I saw it with my parents. You work for forgiveness. I’m going to earn your trust again, Steve. I’m going to do this for you.” His pace increases.
Maybe it’s a little bit of Blu coming to the surface, but Tony sees how important it is for Steve to be present for him. It’s part of his duty, a sentinel, a guard. It’s part of why Tony always felt safe with Blu, ever since the terrorists tried to use Blu to frighten Tony. It hadn’t worked. Blu – Steve saved him.
“Sure,” Tony says.
She’s working the seams of his collar as she says, “Don’t be. That’s your job. Now, let me do mine.” For a few minutes she considers and measures and readjusts the uniform. “I’ll have boots sent over because you can’t go barefoot or in dress shoes. You’ll have only a short time to get ready once the uniform is finished fabricating so don’t dally.”
Steve grunts out a no but follows Tony through the mammoth archway to the kitchen which is all kinds of updated and modern. He doesn’t care who says what – the red appliances are beautiful – even if he can barely make out the colors. “Color is the hardest thing to initialize and code.”
“Pepper, Pepper and her need to enrich my life with art other than Iron Man posters,” Tony mutters and Clint mumbles something under his breath. “What’s that?”
The audience is grateful to turn their attention to something other than the fatal car crash and applaud long and hard for Pepper. She thanks them without coming to the microphone.
He could have Steven whipped and beaten for it. He could turn the collar on and cause him agony. Instead, Tony pursued a different tactic. “So you believe this. That society caused you harm based on your biology?”
Steve hung up the towel and closed the dishwasher. “I’d been fooling myself for years. When I was a kid I’d get in fights all the time. Some of them were for important things, other times it was because the kids would call me names. Top amongst them was fairy.” He put up his hands to stop Tony’s protest. “Nat already told me that’s not a nice word.  I didn’t really need to know that little factoid. I knew it instinctively back then. Many bloody noses would attest to that fact. I was called it on more than one occasion. Once I got old enough I understood it. And the pain was immeasurable. The shame.” He rubbed at his eye as hiding unshed tears, and then raked his fingers through his hair. “The embarrassment when I came home from another fight and my Ma would ask me what happened. How could I tell her? What the other boys said? So, I railed against it. And it became ingrained. Something like that kind of self-preservation is hard to suddenly let go of.”
“Size?”
“He stares at me,” Tony replies and abandons the work to turn around and close his arms around his chest. The arc reactor aches today for some reason. “Just stares.”
Tony’s eyes widened as he looked at his father.
“I will hit them with lightning from the outside. I recommend you congregate together at the fork.”
“Yes, but everything’s fine. I have my rescue inhaler and that’s not why I’m calling you,” Steve says and drops back onto the bed.
