“Luckily for me, I don’t have to explain my actions to you,” Steve practically spat out. he then turned his gaze back to Strange. “What exactly is an infinity stone?”
“Oh, I gave Howard quite the dressing down when we found out. There might not have been much he could have done, but I don’t believe that he tried hard enough. The poor dears were broken hearted.” Peggy gently rubbed Vee’s head. “I was so happy when Vee took to little Tony, giving her a reason to wait for you.”
"I'm happy that you two are dating," Peter said as he started to kick his feet back and forth. The other two couples in the room moved to take their own seats, watching with interest how Tony and Steve were going to handle the curious boy.
"Depends on what kind of signals they've programmed in, but anything that gives off energy or power is going to shut down as soon as it enters the field." Tony zoomed in on the pictures, but he wasn't able to get any more details from that. "It can take down energy shields, disable tazers, most alarms, force-fields," he listed off.
He tried not to be weirded out, or worried, when Happy and Mary spent some time in the kitchen making food for everyone, and he started to hear laughing. They had probably been sharing stories about Tony. That had scared him, and the smirks he got when they had been eating dinner had been all the answer that he needed.
"You kept Peter alive when he was a baby," Mary told him with a smile. "Now, shoo."
“Go Uncle Rhodey!” Peter cheered from the sides, jumping up and down as the four men played basketball.
“I like Happy’s name,” Peter mumbled, finger tracing the arc reactor. “He says he drives you around. Like when we was in the limo.”
“You’re going to Malibu for your birthday?” Mary asked as she finished packing one of Peter’s suitcases.
"Why are you doing your homework so early?"
"Let me get this straight," Tony looked at her, putting his hands flat on the table. "You've got some weak information that you think is enough to put a long-term assignment into play, and you want to take one of our strongest players out there with yourself to check it out. At the same time, you want me, a very public face with lots of business to still conduct, because I still Own a business, to stay indoors. Stay indoors from an assassin who is targeting me that you deem to be dangerous, but apparently not dangerous enough to leave me with adequate guarding." Tony hoped he looked as unimpressed as he felt. "Did you not read the report on how he was easily able to take on Rogers? Easily able to meet Captain America's capabilities and knocked me on my ass with one punch? Literally, he sent me off my feet, with one punch, from his Flesh and Blood hand."
Tony mumbled a little. "Supernatural?" The person he was lying on jumped a little when he spoke. "Couldn't make it through the first twenty minutes last time I tried to watch this."
“Good. So uh, and Jamie lives with us, and maybe it would be a good idea if I helped her learn names and stuff, too.” Steve could hear the shyness in his voice, could hear that there was something else, so he let Peter talk it out. “Like, we can both say Daddy, and, maybe I can call you something else than Mr Steve. Don’t want her calling you that and everything.” Steve put a hand on Peter’s back, using his fingers to gentle massage the tension from his shoulders. “Can I call you something else, like, like Papa, like Jamie will?”
"To use you as an asset," Mary said, and Steve nodded once. "Well, that's the beauty of me being appointed your Handler. I get to do things at my discretion," Mary started to explain. "My way of thinking is, you're still human, still a man, and waking up after over six decades is going to be hard to process right away, hard to take in. Things have changed a lot for you, and I don't think that it will help you any if you're forced through anything, and don't have the proper time to digest." She shrugged a little, as if this was just something that should be done. "I'm a mother, so I know patience, and because of how Peter's father is something, I know a lot of coping skills," she said with a chuckle, and Steve became a little more curious about this man.
“I’d do anything for him,” she whispered as she watched him fall into a slumber. Steve nodded, then left the room, feeling like he was intruding. He shut the door a little, not fully closing it, then gave a nod to Todd who was making some coffee, taking up watching inside the apartment now. He could see a tablet on the kitchen counter that had up multiple camera views inside and around the Tower. The man took his job seriously, and Steve felt better about it.
Mary had said that she warned her parents that he would be stopping by, but she took no responsibility for how they looked at him. Yeah, parents didn't usually like Tony Stark, specially old Tony Stark, before the 'incident'. Tony didn't care about what Mary's parents thought though, not when the door opened and Peter went running for him.
"Because of all the people around the house?" Peter asked as they walked down the hall. Natasha walked down the hall, giving Tony a small smile as she passed. Tony took that as a good sign since he was pretty sure that she had come from Phil's room. "Who are all those people?"
Steve was topside as the sun cleared the horizon in the morning to meet with Dr Banner as he arrived. Natasha had eventually convinced him to come first thing in the morning. Steve had met up with Coulson as soon as he got there late in the night, pulling Steve aside to tell him about Mary.
https://youtu.be/ZJr_FfdKug4
Stane turned a little, putting the arc reactor into the small case he had, locking it up. "I wish you could have seen my prototype." He watched Stane grab Peter, throwing him over his shoulder, to hang like some discard piece of clothing. "It's not as," he paused, searching for the words. "Well, not as conservative as yours." He turned to look at Tony. "Too bad you had to involve Pepper in this, I would have preferred that she lived. But, out of one last consolation, if you do what I want, this time, and just die, I'll be sure to drop the brat off with his Mother. He never saw my face, he still has a chance."
Steve frowned sadly, watching the man in front of him, still holding onto his wrists. "They're your family, too," he said softly. Steve pulled Tony's hands down a little, planting a kiss in each palm. "Go, work quickly. Peter and Mary need you."
“Well, Jarvis got a hit on Meg’s Aunt.” Steve tilted his head a little. “I had my suspicions that Hilda was back in the US, but still had Jarvis running a lot of checks over in Europe, too. Took a while, but back in April she came back to the States. Jarvis hasn’t been able to get a hit since then.”
"I want you to repeat that to Peter someday," Tony said. "I want him to prepare for Middle School and High School classes. If he goes in with that attitude, maybe there won't be so much whining about homework."
Tony hummed, leaning in and smelling them. "Mmmm, they smell really good. But do you know what I really feel like eating?" Peter turned his head a little to look at Tony. "I feel like eating you!" Tony started to fake chew on Peter's ear. The little boy squealed and giggled, wiggling around, Tony's arms around him keeping him in his lap. Steve and Bruce chuckled as Tony made exaggerated eating noises, making Peter laugh louder.
Tony looked at her for a minute, then nodded a couple times and took back the papers. "Alright, seems we have a deal then." He folded the papers back into the envelope. "We'll this ball rolling this week, there's a notary in the building, and my lawyers will have all the details worked out."
Clint flipped, forcing Tony down to the ground. As he got to his feet, the armor had abandoned Steve and was there, pinning Clint to the couch with an outstretched hand. The repulsor in the palm started to glow, not firing, but enough to make Clint freeze. Steve moved, not thinking before reaching for Tony’s arm. He was about to pull away, but Tony was already turning, his arms moving. Palms slapped at Steve’s wrist and hand, forcing them down. He knew that Tony’s motive was to keep his attacker’s hands and arms close together, keep them from being able to move them, that way they couldn’t grab him to incapacitate him. It was one of his fears, after the AIM attack in the summer, being unable to get to the kids.
"Was it tampered with?" Mary asked as she went back to replay the glitched part.
"About a month before he died, Howard let it slip. He was asking questions about candidates" Bruce looked at him calmly. "Said he had one in mind, when I finished the serum. He was confident that I would finish it, perfect it. Said that he was smart, had spunk, and was little, just like you had been, but he was sure that the potential was there, and that he just needed a kick in the rear." The brunette snorted a little, taking another drink from his cup. "Probably the nicest words I'd heard him say about his son," he murmured into his cup before looking back at Steve. "I had met Tony in passing a couple times before that, he was in MIT at this time, getting his graduate degrees. I didn't say anything, but when Howard left the file for his 'candidate', well, I knew it was Tony.
She nodded, a little smile that Tony recognized as one that parents got when they thought about their kids. "I have two."
"Then it is a good thing that it is even something that you can do," Loki shot back.
"No, I said I don't swim, not that I don't know how." Tony corrected him. He looked passed Steve for a second. "Alright, you two can get in now," he called, the two boys jumped into the water. Jarvis had put up a floating barrier that let the boys know where not to go, where it would be far too deep for them. "The changing room is right over that way." Tony motioned with both of his arms like Vanna White showing off a prize, giving a wide, cheesy, grin to go with it. "I have to watch the boys until you get back."
"I don't run the company anymore," Tony corrected. "That's all Pepper now, being CEO." Steve just crossed his arms over his chest, looking at Tony. He wasn't going to be pushed off topic this time. The two men stared at each other for a few moments before Tony's shoulders slumped a little, giving in. "It's a long story, but I don't like the action of people handing things to me, of hands and arms coming towards me. It drove Pepper nuts for years, until finally just the repetition of her trying and doing it broke through. Pepper and Peter are the only ones who can hand stuff to me."
As the baking dish went into the oven, Tony and Peter came back over to the apparent cupcake station, and Steve nodded that the cupcakes were cool enough to frost now. This was something that Tony could do, details? Easy. He had personally wired the Mark II Iron Man suit, taking a probably ridiculous amount of time to do meticulous details that might have driven anyone else crazy.
"Mama?" Peter asked, after swallowing his first bite of ice cream. "Can I stay with Daddy this weekend?"
Edit// I have been persuaded to post the next chapter tomorrow (Sunday), instead of making you all wait until Tuesday. Let it be known that I can be as kind as I can be evil!
"Where did you get these children? What did you do with the real Wade and Peter?" Meg snorted and smiled, and she took the plate from Wade's hand.
"The Captain will find that Hydra has changed since he last remembers." Tony felt the ropes around him loosen, and Strucker grabbed the chain between his hands, pulling him up to his feet. Then, to Tony's incredible amusement, he turned his back on Tony, and started heading for the door. As soon as the door was open the tiniest bit Tony was moving, one hand holding onto his fist, swinging up, coming down to slam against the back of Strucker's neck and-
“Do you feel like you’re missing out on your old life?” Steve asked him.
Steve leaned against the counter watching the man. "Is this the same hot chocolate that is a secret recipe?"
"Tony!" Tony's eyes widened and he blinked, a sharp pain on his cheek. "Can you hear me now?" He nodded once. Natasha gently turned his head back to look at him. "She's alive." He frowned. "They didn't kill Meg, she's alive." Tony didn't think it was possible, but his body slumped more. Lost all form was more like it, sliding down on the floor, but in relief this time.
"You know," the two men jumped at the new voice in the hallway, but they didn't let go of each other completely. Sam Wilson was leaning against the wall, his arms crossed over his chest. "That's the song you have to pick for the first dance at your wedding." Steve chuckled, kissing the top of Tony's head, before dropping his cheek on his hair.
"When was the last time you even had a drink before tonight?" Pepper asked him.
Steve had more research to do, he had to be certain on his thoughts, and not that he was jumping to conclusions.
“I know, I for one would go on a murder spree if there was a threat to Peter, and I know that you would do the same for Jamie.” Tony leaned back into the couch, throwing his legs up to rest in Steve’s lap. “I bet as soon as Buckster-“ he could feel the glare from Bucky, “-took her into the nursery, she calmed right down. With that knowledge, I’m feeling a bit better about this situation, and we have a more solid idea of where to go from here, and bump this down on the list of things that will threaten our lives.”
"I can assure you, Dr Banner," Jarvis spoke up then, "that should anyone try to listen in on this call will only hear the very best of the band Milli Vanilli." Tony couldn't help but laugh at the AI's choice of music.
Mary leaned down, whispering something into Peter's ear, and he suddenly grinned. "Mama says that we're going to have dessert now, and that you're invited to come have some with us." Steve smiled at him and nodded. "Yay! Mama!" Peter looked back up at Mary. "He said yes! Can we go have ice cream now??"
Tony tightened his jaw a little, then the words forced themselves out. Mary had a way with him. "Yeah, I'm not thrilled about it, wasn't when you first announced it. Didn't mean I wasn't happy for you, that I am happy for you, you deserve to have that happiness again. And I know it couldn't have been easy for you to even get back into a relationship so soon after your last one, ending the way it did." Mary shrugged and nodded at the same time. "But, this one affects me, too, and it's completely selfish, and childish, of me."
"Security guard. Flexible schedule, full benefits, has experience," Tony recited off as they started walking again. "Pay grade six, I think." He nodded a little.
"You're right, but you have a better imagination than me, that's for sure." Tony tapped his fingers along Peter's nose. "I've seen your drawings, you're pretty talented, kiddo."
Boneless bodies were laying against each other, Steve half on top of Tony, Tony’s arms wrapped around him as tight as he could. Both were still breathing in time with each other, even and steady. “That’s what you felt?” Steve asked later, pressing his lips to Tony’s shoulder. Tony hummed and nodded. “I think I felt it. I saw it in your eyes.” Tony’s eyes fluttered open to look at him, pressing his face into Steve’s hand that came up. “I love you, so much.”
“War Machine, Falcon, be careful,” Tony warned, jumping back on comms. “Getting some weird readings out here, and the last projectile just vanished in thin air. Might be looking at something like a portal that Thor uses.”
Tony nodded a little. "There were times I thought I wasn't going to make it out, and I thought I'd never see him again. I fought, so hard, to be able to come back here." He gently rubbed Peter's back. "I want to change things, I want to be a father that he deserves."
“-hidden pocket in the outfit, yes they did,” Steve nodded with a smile. “And, I do believe that Peter might have more pockets than you. His pockets are at least normal looking.”
"It's why we make our own now," he replied easily. Most of his family now weren't blood related, and he wouldn't have it any other way. Those around him were people that he trusted implicitly. Rhodey and Bruce, Pepper and Happy, some of his oldest friends, and he'd never have to worry about them turning on him. Mary and Peter, even her parents, and Phil, and now Jamie. Steve had been the biggest surprise of all of them, and he would still have days where he would doubt why Steve was with him, but he found that he trusted the man, with his life, and with Peter's.
He quirked his lips and shrugged, chewing his pancakes.
Oh, Steve thought. Even with all the uncertainty, he’d been mostly hard from being naked so close to Tony, but at that touch, he had to lock his elbows to keep from falling flat on his face, the sudden rush of arousal almost too much for him to take.
“I really don’t think that right now is the best time,” Steve told him.
"Early reports of human experimentation." Tony glanced up to both Steve and Bruce. "Think we may have found the ring leader."
Tony let Steve slip his hand into his pocket to pull out the phone. “I don’t know if that last one would work,” Tony muttered a little. “I’d rush out here and you’d be sitting here, not on alert.” Steve hummed, a little smirk on his face. His squeezed Steve’s hand one more time before the door opened. “Thanks for coming with me.”
"It's true, Tony. I'm still here, he's a friend." Steve nodded when she spoke. They needed him to not worry about who Steve was at the moment.
"Peter? Tony?" Tony glanced up when he heard Mary's voice.
"It's really grinding on your nerves that you can't run outside, yet, isn't it?" Steve moaned and dropped his head back onto a pillow, causing Tony to chuckle.
The humvee behind him, that's where Rhodey was. "Rhodey!" He screamed, keeping his back against the truck. "Rhodey!!" Rhodey would make sure that he got back home, that he got back to seeing Peter.
"So, we're taking Wade to go see his mom." Tony nodded. "Alright, then. I needed some more clothes from my apartment, and I could pick up my laptop and a couple books." Steve said casually as he walked around the room, grabbing his pants, shirt, and socks. "Then we can get Peter's stuff together, and some of Mary's stuff." Steve sent a smile Tony's way. "I'll be ready in ten, by the way."
"We should go through the rest of it, then," Bruce said as he walked over to the crates.
"Granma likes Mama better, cause that's her daughter." Tony pushed Peter's nose a little. "She's biased, and cannot be trusted in a looks contest. But, if ever asked, Granma is much prettier than anyone else. Got it?" Peter nodded seriously, then giggled once.
“Because you would have accepted it so much easier if I told you, ‘Hey, Howard’s Golden Boy is back, I’m his Handler, and oh yeah, our son adores him.’” Tony scrunched up his nose a little. “Yeah, that’s what I thought. Peter’s told me about the Captain America collection that you showed him.”
"Your hair is a different color," Tony pointed out instead.
"Still pretty early, just after 7," Steve told him. "Peter's still making breakfast with Bruce." Tony nodded a little, rubbing his face with his hands again. "I thought I would come in and see if you were awake, they were just putting the batter in the pan." Tony hummed and nodded. "Also, thought maybe you could use this."
Tony looked up and followed Steve’s eyes to the suit. While most of it was the bare bones of any suit, the arms and chest were covered in white and dark grey armoring, and there was the beginnings of a jet pack on the back. “This has been in here all day, actually been in here most of the week.”
It took Steve a second to actually see that they were on his floor, instead of Tony's, but when Tony stopped in the living room, he was staring at Sam napping on the couch. "Uh, you didn't get to meet him, but that's Sam."
Steve gasped and his eyes shot open. “Steve,” Tony’s broken voice called out, brown eyes locking with blue. He was being pulled away, body lax and sliding across the floor. An arm was wrapped around Tony’s front, and soon lifted him up. Hilda smirked at Steve as she held onto Tony, his head flopped back in a boneless motion.
“Did you think that perhaps it’s what they wanted?” Howard growled back, lowering his voice. “That maybe they were just too damn stubborn to come out when I tried? That when they knew that Steve went missing they were going to stay there until he came back?”
Tony made his way back to the master bedroom and saw Jamie in her playpen, the bathroom door open with Steve at the sink rinsing his mouth from toothpaste. “You are the master of the quick shower,” Tony called out to him as he leaned down to kiss the top of Jamie’s head. She had pulled herself up to her feet, holding onto the edges of the playpen. She was smelling of baby shampoo, and in a new outfit.
Steve watched Tony, watched his smile that seemed just a little bit brighter, and watched him interacting with Peter in his arms. He wouldn't deny that he was a bit worried about the reaction from everyone, but Peter in particular, about him and Tony dating. Tony hadn't wanted to say anything unless they were serious, and Steve didn't want to make things awkward. But when Tony had easily said that they were dating, Steve felt a little lighter inside, warmer, happier.
"You have a big gun, you are not the big gun-" Tony was still upset when he learned that they weapons installed were by Hammer, but he knew that Rhodey had been overridden by the military.
Fluff, so much fluff. Your teeth will rot. You have been warned. Little bits of Angst, determined Tony, Sassy Steve, adorable Peter, cute Wade, and fluff.
"He's real shy at school," Wade said with a nod. "Lots of kids try to pick on him, and he's real quiet in class, but I got his back. He knows he doesn't have to be afraid of them jerks." The boy leaned his back against Tony's chest, getting comfortable. "Peter told me that you were real young in school, too, just like him."
"It's both frustrating, and endearing, the way you can ramble on about five different things, but still remember the original point of the conversation." Steve finished his glass of juice and Tony found himself grabbing the pitcher to refill it on instinct. "But, yes, we do need to that thing where we talk about us. The adult thing."
"That was impressive how you got that approved so fast after a disaster," George commented. Tony pushed him inside the door first before shutting it.
"Fair enough."
"Probably to add his support to the mess that's going on down there." Tony was glad that they didn't have to figure out SHIELD, that was on the still loyal Agents. Tony would just help in tracking down Hydra, for obvious reasons. "I'm gonna start going through Howard's journal today. I might just flip to each page and let Jarvis scan it, honestly-"
Steve’s hand gently started to rub circles on Tony’s waist as he tried to put together what he wanted to say. “I worry sometimes, about a lot, and stuff that I probably shouldn’t be bothered about. So, I worry about if I’m doing the right thing with Jamie, if I could be doing it better, or different, or more effective. That’s just the simple stuff, there’s stuff that no one else would probably have to worry about.” Tony hadn’t said anything, but Steve could tell that he was listening, that he had all of his attention.
"Of course it does." That was the new voice. She could see a man dressed in dark clothing, leather? Next to him was another Agent, and off to the side was Barton, but he wasn't moving. What was going on? "I've come too far for anything else. I am Loki, of Asgard, and I am burdened with glorious purpose." The same Loki that Coulson had mentioned when he had come back from New Mexico?
Peggy hummed then turned her attention to Vee. “Evelyn, love, does our Steven like our Tony?” Steve’s face got redder, and Vee mewed in the affirmative. “As I suspected. I know my nephew, and he would not have trusted his family to someone he did not trust, nor like. I think something deeper runs there, because merely a month ago you were complaining about him. Now you’re worried about his safety.” Steve huffed a little. “Well, help me into my chair, I want to get meet the rest of the girls. I assume you’ve brought Arc and Brave as well?” Steve scrambled to help Peggy, pulling another chuckle from her.
"New York has changed a bit," she said, smirking a little at his snort as he looked out the tinted windows.
“Yeah, specially since I’m sure that Bucky was about to start spoiling them,” Steve told him as he walked to the closet to find a shirt, too. “Specially Jamie. Apparently they’ve bonded. Continuing to bond as we speak.”
Tony leaned over a bit to grab the knife that was thrown, folding it back up. He held it out to her, and she grabbed it with a shaking hand. "That's yours?"
Clint was standing now, and both he and Natasha were practically glaring at Steve. "You're kidding, right?" Clint spoke first after Bucky took Meg into the kid’s room. "You're letting them stay here, and you're protecting them??"
"I don't know, I'd like to meet her," Julie said with a smile. A devious smile Tony decided.
tomorrow, and
“James,” Bucky quickly amended. Steve might have rolled his eyes.
“Wayward, he says,” Steve said with a fond snort.
While Tony was in the shower, he wondered what he could do with Peter. It gave him the time he needed to calm down, enough so that hopefully Peter wouldn't be able to see that something was wrong. The last thing he wanted to do was scare Peter in any way, in case he was still angry.
Tony grit his teeth and pulled at the wires, yanking them out of the arc reactor and gasped. He pulled the wires away from the battery connections and threw it into the water. He would need to start swimming, he needed to get out, while he still had space to breathe. Tony felt it, the tightness in his chest, the buzzing in the back of his mind, the oncoming panic attack. He had to keep it together, until he got out of the water.
"Yeah, a very short something, and now it's over." Tony's words were quiet and pitched low, but he kept his own practiced smile on his face. "I don't know what your game is here-"
Thor gripped him and Tony pulled up, bringing them both into the air. Now they were in Tony's domain. Or so Tony thought. Seemed Thor was used to being this high up as well, and struggled against Tony's trajectory. Tony managed to slam him up against a rock face, pushing him down along it, digging into the rocks as they went, until Thor used his hammer to redirect them. They both went flying through thick tree bark, Jarvis not so helpfully highlighting the damage to the suit as it happened. Mark VI was going to need to some tender loving care.
"You have to save me from your friend!" Meg squawked and Tony pushed her leg with his foot. "She's making me watch this show, and the first episode is really questionable."
"One day, you might be able to pull that off more convincingly." Tony let Coulson take the sleeping boy this time, dropping a kiss to Peter's forehead. "Goodnight, Petey." Coulson gave him a nod and a little smile, putting Peter on the bed and covering him with the blanket. Tony watched him sleep for a moment before leaving the room, going back to Mary's room.
"Didn't you say that three cars were broken into last week?" Tony asked, putting the solder gun down, leaning back in his chair. There was a little bit of silence, and Tony smirked a little. "Peter will get his own room, that's right across the hall from you. It's not ostentatious, or anything. That's more my thing."
“Who is ‘Them’, Tony?”
Tony's mansion had been far enough away to escape the attack from the aliens, but took nearly an hour to get too with the cleanup effort going on. Tony wanted to keep Peter from seeing as much of the destruction as he could, away from prying eyes; he had already been through so much in his few years already.
Steve ran inside then stopped when he saw Clint with his bow armed, and Natasha with a gun in one of her hands, her Widow Bites already charged around her wrists. Bucky was glaring at them, growling, with Meg behind him, both backed against a wall. While Meg was holding onto Bucky's right arm, holding him back from just attacking the two Avengers, it was clear from Bucky's stance that he was guarding her.
"Sir, you've gotten off track," Jarvis gently reminded him.
Tony pulled up Wade's backpack and pulled out a Starkpad, placing it on the bed tray. "I brought something so you don't get horribly bored watching TV all day," Tony said.
“I’ll say!” Mary exclaimed. “I mean, the things I must have missed out on. You and Tony are actually talking, and keeping eye contact, my parents are still here, too. And tell me, is it true, did my mother actually defend Tony?” Steve laughed at the look on Mary’s face. Tony almost had the same look when it had happened, the same look of disbelief. “I didn’t actually wake up in an alternate universe did I? There’s not some horrid place out there when I’m actually dead, and I never met you or Tony? Can you imagine it!” She grabbed Steve’s shoulder, moving him back and forth in an exaggerated fashion. “Peter lives with some other distant relative, you and Tony fight all the time, and suddenly some horrible superhero war breaks out, and oh! My poor little Peter gets involved in it! No, say it isn’t so!” She put her arm over her eyes and slumped back against the pillows.
Tony pushed himself up, then wrapped one arm around Wade's shoulders and pulled him into a hug. "You don't have to make anything up to me, Wade. I'll tell you what I do want you to do, though." Wade peered up at him with expectant eyes. "Keep being you, keep being Peter's friend, and looking out for him. I know it can't be easy for him being the youngest, or the smallest, kid at school."
"She looks about six months," Tony said as he sat back in his chair again. "But she's already crawling, and getting better every day so far, and her teeth are coming in fast. Maturity wise she could be almost eight months." He shrugged a little.
"Jarvis had the song on a delay, because I knew the time would come."
“You found me,” Steve joined with Tony this time, “when no one else was looking. How did you know just where I would be?” Tony let one of his hands trail down Steve’s cheek to rub his ear lobe. “You broke through all of my confusion. The ups and the downs, and you still didn’t leave. I guess that you saw what nobody could see. You found me.”
“SHIELD gave me the immeasurable pleasure of telling our
"Am I going to have worry about going outside every time now?" Julie asked, her tone showing a bit of her worry.
“Till the end of the line, Steve.”
“Nope,” he shook his head. “No more corruption. If they ever joined forces, we’d all be doomed.” Meg let out a huff of laughter.
"I like when Mr Steve is close," Peter confessed, laying his head back down on Tony's shoulder. Tony's hand rubbed Peter's back, humming a song to him, the little boys’ eyes starting to close again. Peter's hand tightened briefly over the arc reactor, covering the blue glow, before he drifted back off to sleep. Steve was positive that he had imagined Tony's barely there reply; "So do I."
"Who's Manuel? No, those will need to go last, please be careful with that, that was my mother in laws." Mary asked, while talking to the movers.
“Yeah, that’s something I’m incredibly pissed off about,” Tony threw out there.
“How bad is this going to be?” Steve asked quietly, still going through some of the responses.
"It's fun remembering how to do this," Steve told him, moving his arms a bit so he could take the bottle from Tony. "Bucky's oldest sister, she had a kid, before she moved. I got to hold him a couple of times."
"I'm sorry, what did you call yourself?" Steve asked, pulling the pencil away from the sketchbook.
"That's my morally questionable boyfriend," Steve said fondly, heading for the door.
"We'll have to get them talking soon, but we'll just keep an eye on them for now." Steve pulled his eyes away from Peter. "Tony should be up in a little bit, he has the stuff from the shooter...." Julie nodded tightly. "He's, he'll be up." She rubbed his arm a little. "I should get her a snack, try and get her to sleep soon," he said, moving his arms a little to indicate he was talking about Jamie. "Let me know if I can do anything, though."
Little Tony took a breath before he pressed the button, the red light glowing briefly before arcing out. he held his breath, closing his eyes for a second before a soft cooing sound was heard. Eyes popping open he found himself looking at an Eevee, sitting in the grass. She looked around, obviously searching for her owner, then saw Tony holding onto the Pokeball. Her back end went up, front end pressing down, and she started to growl. Tony’s eyes widened and he dropped the pokeball before pulling his hands up to cover his face.
"Freedom," the man said, still looking at Fury. "Freedom is life's great lie. One you accept that, in your heart," the man paused then whipped around, raising his arm, no, a spear, and placing it on Selvig's chest, "you will know peace." Mary's eyes widened a little when she saw a glow from the spear, then Selvig's eyes turned black, then blue. He was controlling them.
out there," he whispered, not sure to who.
“Sorry, but you won’t be getting near my sister,” Pietro was talking to Bucky, who was still growling, and yelling at him to get out of his way. Bruce was trying to calm down Jamie, who was crying more with all the commotion. Steve crawled up the end of the bed to Tony, vaguely noticing that Wanda almost fell away from the genus, the red disappearing form her hands. Pietro took notice and he was by her side, arms around her to make sure she didn’t fall. Bucky started to move closer, and Stephen Strange was standing up, a hand to his temple.
“Bite your tongue!” Steve exclaimed. “Not my precious angel!”
I think some of you were onto me,..... so much happiness...... can't last. Not when an evil author has a plot to progress!
"This is finally the perfect specimen we have been able to create,” Strucker crowed, grinning as he looked at the baby. Tony thought that she couldn't have been older than six months. All he knew was that this couldn't happen, he couldn't do this. "It was a pity that we couldn't have collected a sample of your DNA earlier when you didn't join the fight against the animals, but, this was so much better." His body jerked as he fought against the control, but Strucker didn't notice. Wanda did. "Captain Rogers truly has a gift, and hopefully it wasn't lost with this clone. Don't kill it with the Serum, Stark."
“It’s not his fault that we want different things,” he said tiredly.
“Hello,” he said, and he didn’t know if he could sound any more awkward if he tried.
Which was how Steve found himself sitting naked against the headboard, Tony’s invention in his hand, almost hidden under a pillow, with Tony sitting in a chair at the end of the bed.
By the time he had finally gotten up—and only then because Stark had told him it was time for dinner and he’d already made it clear there was no getting out of meals—Steve had been calm about the whole matter.
Steve shook his head jerkily, side to side. He had no intention of telling her now either.
“Number four: starting tomorrow, we train at least one hour every day.”
him, or have you talked
“As I was saying earlier, I don’t know how you’ve handled things with your previous Doms, but when I—”
“Yes, sorry!” Steve said, scrambling up, and it was one more lash to Tony’s heart when he caught the glimpse of disappointment and hurt on Steve’s face before Steve hid them away. He had to scrape for the dregs of his control to keep from reacting to them. “I’m sorry, I should’ve—”
the Angel, where he might actually be able to see his face clearly, where his Angel might even
Good.
“How was ending our contract like that best for me?” he asked incredulously, the words escaping before he could prevent them.
“Get out,” Stark said, jerking the earbuds out, the music blaring. He moved forward until he could push his way between Steve and the doctor, bumping into Steve’s knees in the process and forcing Dr. Reynolds to take a few steps back.
“I didn’t agree,” he said, and apparently he hadn’t made himself clear. “Nick and Tony nullified the contract. I only found out about it after it was done.”
He supposed that he should find a room and unpack.  It was what Stark undoubtedly expected of him; he seemed the type that would want to find Steve neatly tucked away, available for when he wanted to pull him out for his own amusement but not disrupting his life otherwise.
Tony kept whining.
“Given enough time, I could probably do … that,” he said with a slight curl of his lips. “We have an extensive library, and there’s probably something in there that would help. Unfortunately, time isn’t on our side. The longer Tony stays in this form, the more animalistic he becomes. He won’t lose what makes him Tony, but he’ll be quicker to react than to think, and the urges that come with being a wolf will start becoming impossible to ignore.”
Steve was tired when he got back to the penthouse, but that didn’t seem to matter to the butterflies in his stomach. Three days wasn’t long by any means, but after having gone almost a year without seeing Tony prior to that, it’d been a lot longer than he’d liked.
A feat of strength, Loki had said.
“There’s no one who wants to see me,” he said harshly, and stood up, walking to the window. He’d become very familiar with the view outside, although he’d been depending less on it in the past couple of months.
Because Tony had always taken care of him. Even when Steve hadn’t expected it or even wanted it.
He’s dimly aware of Tony leaving and coming back, but it seems distant and unimportant, even when Tony starts wiping him with a warm washcloth. The world only comes back into focus when Tony’s hands stroke his thighs, and then Steve shudders, his knees coming up automatically and spreading wide, slick dripping down his ass.
So Steve continued to muffle his sounds against the leather and to keep his orgasm as far away as possible, and when he thought enough time has passed that Tony might be getting tired of seeing him pounding himself with the vibrator, Steve bit his lip and shoved a finger alongside as well.
Tony was quiet for a long time, and he rested his hand on Steve’s shoulder. “You were so tense at the end,” he said finally.
Tony’s smile got bigger. He lazily looked Steve up and down, and Steve felt painfully conscious of his neatly ironed-shirt and slacks, the dampness of his hair. He should’ve just gone to Tony as soon as he’d gotten off the elevator.
“I know what I said.”
say anything until his punishment was over. “It’s okay, Steve,” he said, a note in his voice that made Steve bite down harder to keep back the sound that wanted to slip past as Tony’s thumb glided over his cheek. “I’m going to take care of you,” Tony said, and Steve swallowed convulsively, pressing more firmly against Tony’s hand. He wanted that. So much.
“But it’s not—”
“Look, I know it’s not ideal, but it’ll turn you back.”
Tony folded his arms, his expression indicating Steve was ruining his fun.  Not that Steve cared.
nice.  Please, Steve,” Tony said, brushing his thumb over Steve’s cheekbone.  “For me.”
touching him, cool and kind of slimy things that felt incredibly strange as they glided over his skin, and while the one in front was simply resting against his soft penis, the one in back was wriggling and starting to—
Dr. Stark says it like he’s worried about Steve’s schedule and not that Steve is keeping him after-hours, even though it has to be frustrating for him. He probably thought he was going to be done by now, but here Steve is, dragging things out.
Not that Morgan took to him right off the bat, and for the first several months, she was quiet whenever he visited, but she let him read to her or play with her as long as Pepper was nearby. It was only when she saw him sketch a picture of her favorite teddy bear that she looked at him like he might be someone interesting, and it was so uncannily like how Tony had looked at him in the beginning that Steve had to choke back an inappropriate rush of sadness.
“Come here,” Tony said, his voice low and gravelly, and he held his hand out to Steve, spreading his legs.
He still desperately wished that he’d been able to complete his punishment, wished for … so many things really, but stopping had obviously been the right thing to do. For Tony. For the both of them, because Steve didn’t know how he would’ve recovered if he hadn’t realized how upset Tony was until it was too late. This had already cut it incredibly close, and even though Tony was looking a little better, he still felt horrified that he hadn’t noticed right away. The only thing that kept Steve from drowning in guilt was the fact that getting caught up in his self-recriminations had been to blame in the first place. He had to be calm and clear-headed enough to watch out for Tony, no matter what else happened. He’d have all the time he could ever want time for yelling at himself later.
When Dr. Stark grabs his stool and sits down, when he turns on the light and points it between Steve’s legs, Steve’s ass clenches down so hard that he panics for a second that he’s about to orgasm—but then the feelings passes, leaving Steve trembling and breathing harder than he should, his fingers digging into the leather.
Maybe Tony wouldn’t hold it against him, but Steve would definitely hold it against himself.
“Yes,” Steve said, closing his book and placing it face down on the coffee table. “I didn’t get the chance to complete rule six yet.”
“I—” His voice cracks, and he tries again. “I am so sorry.” He can’t lower his legs, no matter how strong the urge is, not with Dr. Stark in between them, and there’s no point anyway. Steve would just have to raise them again in order to proceed with the exam—
The noises Steve made as Tony ate him out . . . fuck. Steve sounded
But there’s nothing in him that can bear the thought of hurting him.
“You are a great Dom, Tony,” she said, smiling up at him, offering not her submission but comfort, and he let out a huff of breath, wishing he wasn’t so grateful for it. “It’s going to be okay; you’ll see.”
like he had always wanted to.
Also, if you guys love me at all, please reblog these two pieces of nsfw fanart,
.  There goes Steve’s tip for the night, fucking hell.  “What were you thinking canceling tonight?  I was already downtown by the time I got the call!  I could’ve been too late!  I could’ve been—”
to argue, but he didn’t feel like he had the right. He was a bad Sub. He deserved whatever Tony said or did to him. “Yes, that was Nick’s plan, but—”
Steve had just wanted to serve.
"Go try these on," Tony says imperiously, dropping four garment bags next to Steve on the couch, and Steve doesn't need to see Natasha's eyebrows to go up like that when he unzips one of them to realize that the suit inside is worth a lot of money.  Like, a lot of money.
Thanks to MetaAllu for the read-through. You're the best, bb.
,” Steve said, his voice cracking, and then he covered his face with his hand as he began to cry.
“I thought of a safeword,” Steve said, feeling like an idiot for bringing it up out of the blue, but Tony had asked that he choose one, and for once, he didn’t want to wait before doing something Tony requested.
"Tony—"
secure and that wouldn’t be … comfortable.”
“Can I help you?” he asked, his eyebrows rising as he took in the view.  Tall, blond, handsome in that clean-cut, boy-next-door type of way with enough muscle to make the button-down shirt he was wearing stretch appealingly across his chest, why it had to be Tony’s lucky day.
a bad person.
“I can’t, Sweetheart, not with the blockers,” Tony moans, thrusting harder as if to make up for it, deep and punishing, and Steve cries out loudly at the change, his lower body aching and sore. He comes before the disappointment can fully hit, pleasure bursting through him and wiping his thoughts clean of anything that isn’t Tony’s cock and what it’s doing to him, and he shakes and jerks, unable to control his body as Tony takes him apart.
“But anyway, we were in the middle of getting clean. Up on your feet now and face the wall. I want to wash your back.”
And Tony had taken that to heart.
Steve knew that, and yet he still didn’t make a move to stop him—
“It’s my life, too.”
Loved him?
Steve made a noise that Tony was sure to remember for a long time, and then he started wriggling his hips down, taking Tony in deeper and whining in the back of his throat as he began fucking himself shallowly on Tony’s finger.
I've never written Bucky before, and I didn't know what to do with this prompt, so this is what happened. idk
This time, however, he couldn’t help but think that maybe it’d be alright to do something specifically for himself.
“Please.”
“Sit down,” Tony said, and Steve forced himself to take even steps to the machine. From the side, it looked like a car seat, or a dentist’s chair, but as Steve got closer, he realized that there wasn’t a bottom for him to sit on, more like supports or a cradle that ran from the base of the lower back and thickened into the chair legs with open space in between, through which he could see the dildo beneath. It looked even more intimidating at this distance, and Steve quickly averted his eyes as he got into position. The seat was inclined back with the legs parallel to the floor but bent at the knee, and he had to swing his right leg over, because there were sides along the inside of each leg, although oddly enough, not the outside.
When Nick had told him about the rule for Subs who’d been in combat, Steve had turned down the first five potential Doms. It wasn’t something that had been in place in his day.  People had still be
"So what you're telling me is that you don't mind the commands, but that there's a time and a place for it?  And it's not when we're doing battle.
“And afterward? Will I re-contract with Tony?” he asked, holding on to some twisted hope that there was another reason behind all of this, that Tony wasn’t getting rid of him the first chance he got. He’d promised himself he’d think better of Tony.
“Not too much, of course, but enough to make sure you’re comfortable.”
Look guys, only two months since the last update! Amazing.
Implying Tony wants there to be a next time, and Steve is more than willing to agree.
He settled in to wait, depending on the hum of the repulsors to announce Tony’s presence, but even though he should’ve been considering ways to beat Tony, it wasn’t thoughts of strategy that filled his mind.
“That’s what you think of
Dr. Stark still doesn’t stop, and Steve can feel his face getting redder and his ass even wetter as Dr. Stark m—
be pleasure potentially, and Steve shook and tried to relax into it.
“Oh, well, engineering’s in my blood, so I still tinker around when I have free time. I started a small company that specializes in medical diagnostic equipment, and I’m working on a robot that could be an exam-room assistant, handing items to the doctor, testing blood samples in real-time, sterilizing tools, that kind of thing.”
But either Tony hadn’t thought of that in the heat of the moment, or Tony had decided the risk of Thanos stopping him was too high, and after all, what did one life matter against billions?
He didn’t know what to feel about Stark at all most of the time. He was a combination of brashness and obnoxiousness and humor with an underlying layer of consideration that left Steve unbalanced, and if that weren’t enough, he’d taken Steve flying . . .
Steve, who’d not only told Natasha and Clint that they were together, but had been willing to show them as well.
The last tentacle, his favorite if he’s being absolutely honest although he’d deny it to anyone else, he rewards by giving it free reign of Steve’s cock.
“How are you doing, Steve?” he asked, running his hand softly across trembling shoulders.
But Steve didn’t answer, not vocally anyway, although the shudder than ran through his body and the seeping dampness under Tony’s fingers was probably answer enough.
I don't know that I did any of these prompts justice, but at least I wrote something...
. He’d think Dr. Stark would at least smile more warmly at him, let him know he feels differently about him than the rest of his patients somehow, but he’s always been a little distant more than anything, nothing at all like the way he acts around … everyone else …
Tony took a deep breath, his hands clasped together, knuckles white with tension. “Do you want to end our relationship?” he asked evenly, instead of the
For the prompts “sex pollen” (cap_ironman bingo) and “mistaken identity” (avengers_tables).
“I know what you’re doing,” Tony said when they reached the penthouse. Steve glanced back at Tony, but he kept heading towards Tony’s room. It was slow going since Tony was so tired, but they were almost there.
doesn’t try anything.
He just wished he knew
“Yeah, of course, Steve. Let’s get back into position,” Dr. Stark says, and Steve hesitates slightly before parting his legs once again.
And well, that wasn’t an option anymore, he thought, his thoughts turning melancholy for a second but without the intense longing he used to feel at any thoughts of his past, more of a soft nostalgia and a wish that things had turned out differently, that he could’ve had all his loved ones together, safe and happy.
He doesn’t say anything, simply covers his eyes with his hands.
“Promises, promises,” Tony said, smiling, just to get a frown directed back at him.  At this point in a conversation, Tony typically liked to sit down and leer happily at a person.  The handcuff made sure he wasn’t going anywhere unless Mr. Serious and Studly went with him, however, and Tony was getting the impression that the guy wasn’t in the mood to sit down and chat, so it looked like standing would have to do.  “What’s your name, soldier?  I’m sure my assistant already told me, but I have a tendency to not pay attention whenever he talks if I can avoid it.  Man, I miss Pepper.”
Steve was remarkably patient with him as he “washed” this particular body part, squeezing and kneading and just watching the way it exposed Steve so beautifully to him. Tony had every intention of making it up to him, of course, although . . . perhaps Steve wasn’t being quite so altruistic as he’d first thought, Tony realized, listening to Steve’s breath catch.
It was humiliating how quickly he was on the edge, a miracle he’d lasted as long as he had, his hands trembling with how tightly they were gripping the blanket, his head hung low between his shoulders as he gasped for breath. He could feel trails of saliva leaking from the corners of his mouth, and although he licked his lips, there were still drops that escaped down his chin. His hips were rocking back onto Tony’s hand, undulating in order to maintain as much contact on his prostate as possible, and the sounds he was making … his ears burned with shame, but he couldn’t stop, he couldn’t stop, he couldn’t stop.
Steve headed for the couch but Tony didn’t follow, kept going towards the kitchen, so he hurried to catch up. He’d planned on getting Tony to rest, preferably by lying down but willing to settle for him just getting off his feet, and then bring him something to eat and drink afterwards, but if Tony wanted it now—
“I know that,” Tony said quietly.
Three months?  Tony had avoided calls from one-night stands for longer.  He could do three months.  It wasn’t like they were getting married after all, and exclusivity didn’t have to be part of the contract . . . although shit, Captain America.  They’d probably make Tony keep it in his pants if he weren’t keeping it in . . . wow, okay, distracting thought.
“What would you know?” Captain America asked, turning towards him.  “Have you ever been in the military, Mr. Stark?”
So...have some, haha, tentacle sex. >_> For those of you that aren't into that sort of thing, this chapter adds maybe just a teeny tiny smidge to the story, if that, so please feel free to skip.
“Yes?” Steve asked, uncertain, but he came over, and Tony smiled reassuringly at him. This was the first step, getting Steve to be comfortable around him. They wouldn’t get anywhere if Steve was nervous.
Right?
Word count: 606
“I don’t know if that worries me more or less,” Steve muttered.
“Why would you say that?” Tony asked, barely above a whisper. Of all the things he’d envisioned, all the ways that he’d assumed things would end between them, it seemed surreal that Steve might walk away because he thought it’d hurt Tony
And Steve let it happen. Maybe not consciously or deliberately, but in the back of his mind, hadn’t he thought it was the least he deserved? He’d sacrificed
“Tony,
Attachments to help omegas during their heats. There’s only one thing Tony can be talking about.
“What’s up, Steve?”
Not all omegas can, though. Some omegas can’t handle their heats without someone there with them. Others can’t stand to be touched at all. He’s heard of omegas that run fevers that can barely be brought down or conversely, can’t seem to get warm and shake from the cold the whole time. There’s a myriad of things that can and do go wrong, and Steve knows he’s lucky.
How likely was that, though, when he’d never subbed for anyone before?
“If you really think that’s necessary, then go ahead,” Steve says, his stomach rolling nervously, and he grips the table even harder.
Not to mention the fact that he’d only been awake for four months.  How could they expect him to turn over his life to someone he’d met a few days prior, someone he didn’t know and didn’t trust?  It was bad enough SHIELD had kept the reintegration process as slow as possible.  How much worse would it be when a single person was supposed to be in charge of him?
“They need me in DC for a few days,” he said, wishing once again that he could be more open with Tony about missions. He would’ve liked the opportunity to talk about the last few days, including discovering that Nat’s objective hadn’t been the same as his own ... would’ve also liked to discuss Project Insight and whatever Tony might know about it. Duty kept him silent, though. “Things didn’t go quite as smoothly as they were supposed to, so there are a few loose ends I need to take care of.”
"..... I'm keeping my promise of letting you meet my kid," Tony grumbled back to him. He wasn't about to let Rhodey know that he was a little correct. That he would feel more comfortable if Rhodey spent the night, so that he wasn't alone.
Something green slipped past his eye on the side, catching his attention briefly. “
“Don’t think, I can,” Tony gasped out. He closed his eyes briefly at a sudden lance of pain. Whatever was trying to get into the arc reactor didn’t like it. He felt something moving around it, getting underneath it, probing his chest, exploring what its purpose was inside of his body. When he was able to open his eyes again, he saw Thor approaching with some kind of golden box in his hands.
"What??" She squawked.
"Oh, excuse me!" Tony laughed. "You're right, my bad."
"You know damn well why!" Steve shouted, looking at Tony. Was he serious? "Back off!"
"No, Peter, wait," Mary called from the background. "Don't hang-" The line went dead as Peter hung up the phone, and Jarvis started playing his music again. Peter had just called him Daddy.
"Thank you, Mama!" Peter smiled, then looked over at Steve. "My Daddy makes robots, and he said he'd teach me how to make them too! He's really smart, and he says I'm gonna be really smart, just like him."
Tony sat at the edge of the bed, trying to pull back the covers, but Steve moved first, having two free arms to do it. The comforter and sheets were pulled back, and Tony gently put Peter down, not worrying about putting him pajamas at the moment, and tucked one of the stuffed animals on the bed between his arms. Peter snuggled into the pillows, gripping the stuffed animal, and Tony covered him back up. He motioned to Steve to leave the room, dimming the lights at the door, but not fully shutting the door.
"I'm not happy with you," Tony said quietly, nodding a little, turning his back to Steve and Peter, so that at least Peter didn't hear anything more than mumbling. "And why didn't you tell me that this was the one who was there during the Incident."
"You interrogate him yet?"
"No, no no, no," she cut him off. "I don't have any more room in my house, and I think that Tony is going to start to notice when you and Mary keep spending so much money."
"That's not the line," Steve whispered, then cleared his throat a little.
Steve let the words swirl in his head a little, then took one look at Tony, and straightened up. "Just find the cube." He stalked out of the room. The door shut and he stopped. Dr Banner was right though, and perhaps Tony, as much as he was loathe to admit. Steve needed to do his own investigation.
"-case you needed to kill me, but you can't!" Bruce's shout caught Tony's attention. "I know, I tried!" What? "I got low. I didn't see an end, so I put a bullet in my mouth and the other guy spit it out!" Tony felt his stomach drop at the confession. "So I moved on. I focused on helping other people," he glanced over at Tony. "I was good, until you dragged me back into this freak show and put everyone here at risk!" Bruce directed these lines to Fury and Natasha. "You wanna know my secret, Agent Romanoff? You wanna know how I stay calm?"
Tony took a breath, leaning against the bench. "Two is probably too young to have a fully functional drafting table, huh?"
"I'm really hoping that I'm not about to hear anything about a sex life," Bruce let out a little moan. He grabbed another needle and Tony smirked at Steve.
, but it wasn’t natural. It was like liquid moving in the air, something moving underwater, and it was probing around the arc reactor.
The blonde walked down the hall towards the room that had been set up for Jamie, and saw Mary inside trying to get the girl dressed. He could hear her whining, and then saw her squirming on the changing table. “Now, Jamie,” Mary said to her. “You can’t see your Papa with no clothes on.”
"I'm sorry Nick," Tony turned screen as he found one of the many plans for weapons, this one a missile. "What were you lying?"
"Yeah, well my words weren't exactly painting your praises," Tony groused. "Seriously, don't worry about it, bridge under the water. Or water under the bridge, whatever, saying never made sense anyway." Tony pushed himself to the end of the bed, getting up. "Better get down to the kitchen before Peter hunts us down. Birthday pancakes are a serious tradition, but I'm sure you know that."
"He's so not the same man that he was a few years ago, he's a surprisingly good date." The man and the reporter chuckled and Tony's hand gripped the phone so hard his knuckles were turning white. Did he think that this would be a play to try and get back together with Tony? Or was he just looking for the fifteen minutes of fame?
"He gets very busy sometimes, but he always tries to make time for Peter," Mary said as she put one of the plates in a rectangular box. She pressed a couple of buttons, and it started to hum, and turn the plate in a slow circle. "He's very high up in his company. After Peter was born, it took some juggling, but we managed to work out some sort of schedule." Steve couldn't help but wrinkle his nose a little. Mary pulled out a bowl, and went over to her own icebox, that he found out was just called a freezer, or a refrigerator now, and pulled out a carton of ice cream.
“Although you realize you’ve set my expectations incredibly high now, right? Hands and knees,” he told Steve, because the headboard definitely needed to be replaced. Tony moved with him so he wouldn’t accidentally pull out, and Steve shifting around him was already making things a lot firmer. “I’m going to be disappointed if you don’t come that fast every time.”
Steve calls again, and sure enough, Bucky picks up.
But what if he didn’t? What if Steve had killed whatever Tony had felt for him?
Steve’s jaw dropped slightly. Scarring?
day, however, Tony was going to stick with what worked and just avoid the motherfuckers for as long as he could.
“The bedrooms are down that hall.  Feel free to redecorate your room, although I warn you that Pepper picked out a lot of the art on the walls, and she can be nasty when you don't agree with her choices.  Just tell me what you want, though, and I’ll get it for you.  Or rather JAR—”
Steve was too close not to finish, too close to even make his way out of the bed, so he did it right there, curled on his side with his hand working frantically while he muffled his groans and pretended that he didn’t miss the bite of pain.
No matter what kind of voice inside of him whispered it was the only way to prove himself to Tony.
He walked back, sitting down on the edge of the mattress next to Tony in order to say goodbye. It made parts of him ache and throb in a way that had his cock twitching as he flashed back to what they’d done, on what Tony had done to him.
And what could Steve do but obey?
Steve gets ready to say … something … who knows what, but then he makes the mistake of raising his head to look at Dr. Stark—only to realize Dr. Stark is looking at
“‘Nick said, Nick said,’ what about asking
Besides, Stark already knew everything he needed to know about Steve. His past was laid out in the file SHIELD had given Stark, reams of paper detailing his health pre- and post-Serum, the experiment itself, his capabilities, and everything that had happened to him during the war. And after as well. Stark probably even had access to the other file as well, the one that covered his mandatory meetings with therapist after therapist, that tossed around terms like “post-traumatic stress disorder” and “survivor’s guilt” like they were nothing. What could Steve possibly tell him that he didn’t already have at his fingertips?
“What’s your safe word?” he asked, checking with JARVIS that he was picking up on Steve’s vitals now that they were so close. There was a definite element of risk to what Tony wanted to do, and while he trusted Steve to tell him if something was wrong, he had no intention of hurting Steve accidentally.
ETA: Oh crap, I forgot to say many, many, many thanks to MetaAllu for the encouragement! <333 You rock, bb. :)
“What?” That couldn’t be right. “He never did that when I was here.”
“Well?” he asked, when Steve continued to be silent, running his tongue over the back of Steve’s balls. He didn’t think he’d heard Steve make that sound before.
“Thanks,” Tony murmured, taking it at last and folding back more of the wrapper to expose the chocolate inside.
,” he said, the words wet and clogged with emotion. “I ask you to forgive me, and you
Fuck, fuck,
, however, is to help people; to be able to do my
“We’re getting into a groove,” he said, honestly enough. There was no reason to mention the occasional bumps in the road.
, a thinking, rational,
(See the end of the chapter for
“Fine is not happy.”
Tony looked so much better. What had changed since yesterday? What had Tony done to be so at ease?
“It’s
“If you need to, we can stop, but it would get a lot more invasive, and neither of us want that.”
Which turned out not to be that long, as Steve seemed to catch on a little more than twenty four hours and two hugs later. It was always Tony asking for them and Steve the one to pull away, and that one was no different, except Steve moved back almost immediately, no doubt testing his hypothesis. But all Tony did was smile and ask if he wanted bacon or sausage with his eggs. Steve gave him a weighing look before choosing sausage, but Tony noticed Steve stopped acting confused during their hugs, and none of them were ever that brief again.
"What the hell were you thinking?" Pepper demanded, managing to smack him on the arm even as he was trying to dodge away.
“I didn’t even mean to tell him! It was an accident.”
Dear Tony,
“Tony, stop. C’mon, don’t do that,” he said, although if anything, Tony just got louder.
Steve rolls his eyes, but he lets that second part go, because Tony always has to get the last word in, and besides, he'd be quite happy to be captain of Tony's pants if he'd let him.
“Because,” she said and then paused. It was the first time he’d ever seen her uncertain. “Because you deserve to know.”
Tony.
It took him a moment, but he finally asked, “Why?” his voice raw. Why was she doing this?
,” he says, gesturing at Steve, “so I’ll forgive you this one time.  After that, you serenaded me with music from the forties, ordered two of everything off the dine-in menu, and then eventually passed out on the bed while we were watching reruns of Gilligan’s Island.  And voila, it’s a party a second in Las Vegas!”
“Just wait a little longer,” Tony said, pulling out and slapping Steve on the ass, once, twice, a third time just because he wanted to and because Steve sobbed so prettily and somehow always managed to spread his legs that much wider for it. “You’re so damn greedy,” he said, sounding too pleased by far, but perhaps he could be forgiven, considering how he felt for the first time in ages. “I love it,” he said and watched Steve melt into the bed.
?  Maybe I like the ten dollar ones we had to buy when your neighbor across the street nearly had a heart attack seeing us making breakfast naked!  Maybe I like having those reminders of our—”
Steve tries to ignore the rush of pleasure that accompanies that order, but it’s hopeless,
Because it sounds to him like Tony’s building a … well, a fucking machine, and he tries to wrap his mind around the concept.
Steve didn’t respond right away. “I will be,” he finally said, low and scratchy, and it wasn’t the answer Tony was hoping for, but it was one he could understand.
In the past, that would’ve been enough to almost if not actually make him come, but not this time, not when Tony’s cock is
Every month, Tony pays an exorbitant fee to an extremely discrete company that makes sure he is never without companionship when he wants it.
“This?”
“What?” Steve asked, taken aback.
Dr. Stark is just so handsome. Gorgeous really. Panty-meltingly hot are the words Sam used, although Sam was mostly teasing, since he knows Steve has a type. It doesn’t make the description any less true, though, and Steve has the worst crush on him.
!  You just happen to be coming along for the ride.”
He found him in his lab, busy at work with a welding iron, raucous music blaring over the speakers. Tony didn’t notice him come in, and Steve stood there at a loss.
“There is that, I suppose. Shit, incoming on the right. Four of them.”
(Other than his cock. He’s thought about Tony’s cock
“Please, Tony, please,” Steve gasped, arching into Tony’s thrusts as best as he could with his wrists anchored to his ankles as they were.  He should’ve known better than to agree with anything Tony requested when he had that glint in his eyes.
“Too much?” Tony asked solicitously, and Steve shook his head, even though he couldn’t decide if it was the truth or not.  He felt a little lightheaded and shivery, sweat starting to bead on his skin, and the pressure felt tremendous.
Unbonded Omegas, on the other hand, were a different matter.  He definitely didn’t want to be the focus of any of their fantasies, not when Omegas could go into heat at the drop of a hat.  It was like puberty where a stray breeze could cause a boner, but one hundred times worse.
,” Peter said, his voice thick with tears, and it was a legitimate answer as far as Steve was concerned. He felt … overwhelmed. Overcome. Like up and down had no meaning anymore, and gravity was no longer a truth but a suggestion.
“Excuse me?” Steve croaks, because that is not something people generally say to describe him.  This time, he manages to pry his eyes open and keep them that way.  His first thought is that it is excruciatingly bright and he would give half his yearly salary for a pair of sunglasses.  His second thought is “goatee.”  His third thought is that there was an incredibly attractive man in bed with him.  An incredibly attractive,
.  But you keep rejecting everything, and you could’ve just
Iron Man landed and had all his weapons out and pointed at Loki seconds later. It made Steve think about water canons and paintballs, and his movements were jerky as he picked up his shield and stood next to Tony.
“Hi,” Tony said, and if he were half as smart as he thought he was, he’d be running right now.
He hadn’t been surprised when all the physical tests had come back and confirmed the body in front of them had Tony’s DNA with the appropriate shrapnel scarring and the corresponding signs of surgery. Of course it was going to be physically identical. Tony had lived a very public life, and whoever had sent it wouldn’t have bothered if they couldn’t get that much right.
.  Like you said, it’s
“Uh, didn’t I mention?” Tony asked, eyes going all shifty.  “We’re taking my personal jet.”
Two weeks later, she didn’t even bother to ask, pulling out a magazine that had been between her and the armrest of her chair as soon as they’d exchanged a greeting.
Why did he have to be this way?
He swallowed, but it did nothing to soothe the swooping feeling in his stomach.
, Tony thinks and he doesn’t actually remember walking over to the hallway, but here he is. He tries to take a calming breath, but the scent is more concentrated now, and oh fuck, Steve smells really good. Like, really,
Stark searched his eyes for a long time, and whatever he saw there made his expression gradually change, confusion replacing the anger, until he finally said, “Okay,” letting go of his wrist. “Okay.”
to—” Steve’s jaw clenched, and he looked down for a moment before meeting Tony’s eyes once again. “You’ve never done anything to me that you need to apologize for,” he said, fiercely enough that Tony’s heart jumped into his throat, and Tony couldn’t trust what Steve had told him—not after all of it, and not when … when Steve didn’t or
“Tony,” Steve said, and there’d been a time when Tony would’ve paid any amount of money to hear that much emotion in his voice.
“What are you—I can do that,” he said, jerking his head away, realizing Tony was shampooing him.
“Tony?” Steve said, or thought he did. It was impossible to tell over the frantic pounding of his heart.
-----
. You let it go, and you take me back, and I just keep hurting y—”
He’d thought he was doing the right thing by keeping his head down, both literally and figuratively, but he hadn’t expected the situation to blow up in face. Maybe he should have though. When had anything gone right for him with Steve after all?
It felt … strange. Unfinished. That was it? Tony didn’t have anything else to say? Steve knew that punishment was hanging in the distance, that maybe Tony wanted the time to sort out his thoughts before picking up where they’d left off tomorrow, but for Tony to just get up and leave …
suggested they end early multiple times and had finally been the one to call it quits—that it hit him.
“Not exactly anyway. I know I made it out to be, and of course it’s an aspect of it, but the reason we’re down here is because you’d mentioned you’d like to try it, and I wanted to see you try it, and after yesterday, I thought we could both do with something good for a while.”
His soulmate.
“Okay, now turn,” he orders, twirling his finger.  “Nice,” he says, cheering up slightly since nearly-naked Steve always has that effect on him.  “Now drop the towel.  And add a little flourish.  You don’t want me to get bored after the tenth viewing after all.”  Like there’s any chance of that.  As a matter of fact, he makes a mental note to backup the video and then backup the backup.  Ad infinitum.
Steve didn’t hesitate, just nodded, knowing immediately how that would look but more than willing if that was what Tony wanted. It was the first time he’d been this close to Tony since this morning, so he couldn’t stop himself from glancing at Tony’s eyes as he moved into position, looking for any sign of softening or approval, for any of the reassurances that Tony had given him so freely before.
So yeah, Tony wouldn’t call himself cruel, but a little mean perhaps? Sure, he could admit to that.
It’s not even thirty minutes later that he’s dragging Steve into the bedroom. No time like the present after all, especially since Steve’s leaving in about eighteen hours.  And besides, the lighting’s good right now.
That’s why he’s cancelled their appointment tonight.  Rather than wait for Steve to notice he’s gotten too attached, he’s decided to end it.  Time to move on to bigger and better things.  Or if not that, then at the very least, it’s time to move on to something else.
He would, though, he thought, pulling ingredients out of the refrigerator. He’d show Tony that he could put his faith in him.
“Okay, I’m back,” he says after he’s plugged his microphone in again, and he focuses on killing everyone in sight.
, but if Tony didn’t want Steve’s apologies or excuses, then what could he offer him?
Sorry, guys. I've been sitting on this chapter for a few weeks, intending to write more, but life is working against me. So have this for now, I guess, and I'll try to write more soon. And by soon, I mean faster than 5 or 6 months, really. >_>
He didn’t move as he heard Tony draw closer, not even when Tony seemed to hover in one spot and the temptation to look started welling up. Nerves could be a soldier’s worst enemy, but they didn’t belong here. It was hardly a life-threatening situation, no matter what the adrenaline coursing through his body told him, and he doubted the paintballs could hurt that much if he got shot.
-----
“How do you know?” he asked, eyeing the tunnel that looked exactly like the one they were currently traveling down.
“What happened?” Steve asked at last when the tremors had quieted and he couldn’t justify allowing himself to take comfort in Tony’s embrace any longer.
For the longest time after Tony spoke, Steve barely moved, just … just sat there as Tony took off his blindfold and started undoing all his restraints. He kept his eyes closed, even though he didn’t have to, because he didn’t know how he was supposed to face Tony, how he was supposed to—
“Yeah, it’s just been … a long couple of days,” Steve said, which was unbearably true, and he felt a pang in his chest with how much he missed Tony suddenly, even with everything hanging over his head.
“Mmm, let’s just keep going.  The chef said he’d make those cream puffs Steve likes so much, so we can munch on those while we’re waiting.  And before you ask, Happy, don’t worry, I told him to pack an extra box for you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Maybe Tony didn’t love him yet, and Steve had to close his eyes for a second at the thoughts that followed, that Tony never would, that Steve had already ruined everything beyond salvation.
“Download the fucking app, okay? Text him about something that doesn’t specifically have to do with Destiny. Grow some balls, fucking hell.” Bucky mutters the last part before raising his voice to say, “and then handle
Tony sighed when the elevator doors opened. “You’re still here.”
Except Steve remembers,
“You are not
being punished would make me feel worse instead of better?”
what it was like before, and there’s a part of him that just can’t believe that someone like Tony—handsome, funny,
Steve nodded. Of course Tony would have a solution. And it wasn’t as if Tony had to beat Steve himself, he rationalized, but his stomach clenched at the thought of Tony not personally wielding whatever instrument he planned on using on Steve. Tony had probably already created a machine to discipline unruly Subs, and as long as Tony didn’t leave him or refused to let Steve watch Tony watching him, then Steve wouldn’t complain.
"Looks like something that SHIELD field teams could take out on their own, honestly." Tony was just skimming, it looked like experiments on animals gone wrong, plain and simple. So far no reports of civilian casualties, minimal injuries. Most of the animals were dumpster rodents; skunks, possums, a few cats and dogs as well. They had grown in size, and no doubt were more vicious. "Containment looks like the best idea until I can get a sample of whatever was used on them. From what I can read it looks like a bunch of strays were used, animals that would have been done a kindness of a quiet death on the streets than the tests they were subjected too."
Tony turned to look at Steve, the supersoldier's eyes widened in surprise. "That's not even the best part. I'm sure Jarvis told you about this?" Tony tapped his chest, the arc reactor, and Steve nodded a little.
“I’m not sure,” he said, pushing up his glasses on his nose. “I’ve never actually dealt with cloning, not to this extent, so this is all new to me. “But, it would make sense to see a general downward trend in the aging and growth, such as what seems to be happening with Steve.”
"Do all babies throw up like that?" Peter asked quietly. Tony took the towel back from Steve, wiping up his shirt as well as he could.
"M'not," the word slurred from the boys mouth, eyes not opening though.
“No I’m not!” Peter gasped and wiggled in Tony’s arms. Tony tightened his grasp around him, flopping back onto the couch and dragging Peter with him. “Nooooo!” He squealed with laughter as Tony tried to tickle his sides. “Daddy!”
"It's a popular adage."
“Oh, this is going to be fun,” Tony said quietly with a little smirk. “You know, I think the staff can get the rest of this, just drop it off in the Penthouse. I have to see Meg about a business contract, and oh, hey, Steve, why don’t you come with me?”
"Hi Daddy!" Peter ran over, jumping up, wrapping his arms around Tony's waist, his legs around Tony's leg.
Steve grabbed Tony's hands, stilling him, making him look up into his face. "What happened?" Steve asked, and it was enough to almost make him break down right there in the lab.
"Only this one," Steve told her. "This isn't for sale yet, it's a prototype."
“I can’t expect Buck to be able to handle both of you at the same time,” Steve said, trying to hold back his smile. He shared a look with Peter. “What’s one more lesson, hmm? Plus, it’ll be good for demonstrative purposes.”
The assassin pulled back at the same time Tony pulled, and the gun was pulled apart. Tony couldn't help but smirk a little and he threw a fist, catching the man in the face with the metal of the gun in his hand. He touched the blood on his cheek briefly before throwing a metal elbow into Tony's face, and he heard the crunch of bone. As he gripped his nose a flesh and bone fist was thrown into his chest and Tony actually felt his feet leave the ground as he went back several feet, landing in the snow. Steve landing a kick to the assassin's chest before Tony hit the ground, driving him backwards
Steve pulled Wade back a little, a hand on his shoulder, his other hand lifting his head up gently by the chin. “We’ll always come after you, Wade. I promise.” He wiped some of the tears from his cheeks with his thumb. “And if you ever need to talk, or just want to sit with someone, just like this, you can always ask. You can ask your mom, or me, or Tony, or Peter, or I bet even Bucky.”
“I share my birthday with the rest of the country, Tony.”
"Interesting device you got there," Tony said conversationally. He knew that Clint had probably seen him go in, and he would relay the information. Help would come soon. "What exactly are you looking to power?"
"I don't know who it was that was speaking, Loki never told me any names," Tony continued, snapping Steve back to the present. "Just said that he knew what it was like. It was the same one who gave him the scepter, and now it was aware of me."
Steve moved back and stopped moving his arms. Tony had grabbed his wrist, moving to break it before his eyes locked in with Steve’s. They widened and he suddenly stepped away from Steve. Steve held his hands up, showing him that he wasn’t hurt.
Tony reached inside his jacket and pulled out an envelope. Opening it, he slid some papers out, straightened them, and slid them over to Julie for her too look over. "You know that the hospital sends me reports of your treatment. I'm a stickler like that, want to make sure that you're getting the right treatment." She nodded, frowning a little as she leaned in to read the papers. "This was, just an idea that I had. You can completely reject it, shred the papers, do whatever you want, but, I thought it would be something worth looking at."
"Natasha, stop!" Steve shouted, trying to get back in between them, but the spy moved them and pushed Steve back. There was a cry, and Steve and Meg's head snapped to the side, the baby monitor from the living room lighting up from the sound. The next sound of electricity sparking caught Steve's ear, but it was Meg's hand catching Natasha's arm that made his eyes widen. Suddenly Natasha was on the defensive and being pushed back, now the sounds of two upset babies in the background.
"Dr Selvig read an energy surge from the tesseract four hours ago," Hill continued. "That's when I contacted you, Sir.
When Steve woke up, and was pulled back to SHIELD, his first question had been about his beloved Pokemon. He had been told that the cold had damaged the balls, but that they were working on fixing it. He was also informed that Howard Stark had been the one to collect the pokemon left behind. They didn’t elaborate past that. Steve assumed that Tony Stark had them now, after reading the files. He would just have to wait a little longer to be reunited with his friends, his only family remaining now.
"-have to get any messier." That was Fury's voice. She stayed just out of side, pistol at the ready, and leaned a little. She could see Fury with a silver case in his hands, meant or the tesseract. Her hairs were starting to stand on end, and she glanced up, seeing the swirl of blue energy at the ceiling. This would be more of Tony's field, or possibly Dr Banner's.
“Iron Man, Cap!” Tony said with a grin as the other gauntlet came flying in. He lifted his leg just in time to catch a one of the boots and leg piece. “Ah, hey, cool it Jarvis. A little fa-ah!” He turned to catch the other leg pieces for them to form and let out a groan when a piece slammed into his groin. He would make note of those that snickered later. Tony started to fall forward, the back piece attaching, and he used the repulsors to catch his balance in time for the chest piece to fly in, and most of the helmet. He waited for the face plate.
Tony growled and opened his eyes and pushed himself back up. Apparently that applied to all Stark's but him. In what world did he think that he had a chance to have his own happy ending? He had ruined that shot when he became, embraced, his title as Merchant of Death. He should have gotten the hint when Stane had tried to kill me, not once, not twice, but at least three times. He wasn't a hero.
"Alright, I'm on my way," Tony answered, shooting out of the Tower, pushing the power to shorten his flight time. "Does the door swing in towards you?"
Tony grinned and sat down on the floor in front of the bag, Mary lounging on the couch, watching them with a smile. It was a tall bag, but not very heavy. Tony pulled out a big presentation notebook and put it in his lap. When he opened it he saw that there were drawings tucked into the clear sleeves. The first one was of, Tony assumed, Peter. They were better than stick figures, something that one would probably expect to see from a 6 year old. Tony could see why Peter liked coloring and drawing so much; he was very good at it.
“It was awesome,” he said, kicking his feet on the barstool he sat on. Bucky was shaking his head, arms folded over his chest.
“When Captain America craves his chocolate-“
“Bribing,” Bucky muttered under his breath. The front door opened with a bang, a quiet curse, and was shut and what sounded like a herd of elephants was running into the living room, Peter and Wade stopping with wide eyes and looking between Bucky and Steve.
"And you and Mary have agreed to not say anything yet?" Rhodey asked.
"Then I'll get him a paint set, or a shadow with an executive chef," Tony answered simply. "But, until he's old enough to start to figure that out, I'm going to cultivate the genius brewing inside of him."
"That was an amazing segueway, Agent."
“You concern is touching.” Tony rolled his eyes. He grabbed a knife, pointing it in Loki’s direction. “There really isn’t much that’s stopping me from calling up the suit and blasting your face in.”
He could tackle this, as well as get going on the Stark Expo, and build up a prototype for new energy, run Stark Industries, and be a more constant role in Peter's life. He was Tony Stark. But maybe, there were a few too many things on his plate, maybe there was a way to make things a little easier. He needed more time, and he'd have to make it somehow. Tony watched Pepper coming towards the lab, and a few more ideas started to pop up, to play out, and take form.
Tony really didn’t mind. He had the two boys practically buried into his side and stomach on the couch, and he smiled when he smelled the pancakes before he saw them. Steve walked out to them with a tray in his hands. There were empty plates stacked up, with another plate loaded with blueberry pancakes, syrup, butter, and silverware. Steve was walking a little slower than usual, and Tony could see why when he looked down. Jamie was walking behind him, handing onto his pant legs as they walked so she could keep her balance.
"Peter wants you to have this stuff," Tony told the super soldier. "He brought up a good point that most of this used to belong to you in the first place. Some of it's at the Smithsonian, for their Captain America exhibit, but that can be pulled back if need be."
“I’m home for a while, yeah,” Steve said with a smile. “Got some art and self-defenses lessons to catch up, now don’t we?”
"You live here?" Steve asked, catching back up to him as Tony opened the front door.
Steve stopped, panting again and looked at Tony. "You are an amazing father," Steve said with such heat that Tony had to blink, a little startled. "You are the best father that Peter could ever ask for, and he's a lucky little boy, and no one else can say otherwise." Tony was about to open his mouth, to calm Steve down, but the bigger man continued. "I was wrong to think what I did about you, when I first woke up, before even meeting you, and after meeting you. I thought that you were a deadbeat dad, but you weren't, you were just working with the deck stacked against you. And you went and proved everyone wrong!"
"We did what we had to do," Tony replied. "If we had tried to do it without any damage, then a lot more people would have died. I'm not happy about the destruction, but we tried to keep it to a minimum." Steve nodded. He knew that it made sense, and there would probably be plenty of options for him to try and make up for it later, but he still wanted to help, it was ingrained in his bones. "I gotta start rebuilding the Tower, you can help me with that," Tony offered.
"I know that we've had our, rather extreme, differences over the years-"
"Sorry, just, my mind wandered a little," Tony said softly. "Listen, I'm serious, you go in there first and I'll make sure everything is set up with the doctors, get them whatever they need. Gotta check in with Petey, too." Tony pulled his hand back and was heading down the hallway at a quick pace, leaving a slightly stunned Steve in his place.
"I'm not going to say anything to that." Mary shook her head and Tony grabbed the bottle. She stood up as Tony walked over, and in one motion she took the bottle in one hand and slid her shoulder into Tony's. His arm came up in reflex and she slid Peter into it, staying close to make sure he didn't drop the infant.
Steve glanced at Tony, but the man was leaning against the door frame. He made a motion with his hand, sweeping it out, encouraging him to explore the room. This was obviously an office, someone office, but it hadn't been used in years. As he walked around the other side of the desk he saw that there were some folders stacked in the center, and just a few picture frames were sitting on the desk.
“You’re a saint,” Tony said with a smile. “Seriously, crossing things off of my stress list is the best feeling.”
"You wouldn't have fun any other way." Tony hummed his agreement.
"Are they bad people?" Peter looked up at him.
"So, it's the end of February, Twenty Eleven, but I'm sure that Jarvis will have marked that in the file. This is, kind of a last minute decision, and since I'm basically talking to myself down here, it's kind of weird, and irking me out a little." Tony gave a little chuckled, looking down at his hands. "It's easier with an audience, because all you have to do shower them with pretty words, shiny things, and put on a show, but that's not what I'm doing down here." Tony looked up at the screen. "Right now, you're six, Peter, and you're upstairs with who I hope becomes one of your favorite Uncles, right next to Rhodey, Uncle Bruce. He's a Science Bro, and he'll be able to teach you so much more than I could, or can, depends on how this goes. I've been down here int he workshop going through some my Dad's old stuff, and for once he touched on an idea that could have possibly meant more, but I'm gonna take his idea. Recording myself, all the things that I hope I've said to you, and all the things that I might not have been able to say to you, hopefully yet."
He spent a few minutes reveling in the storm when he came back out, so it took him a while to realize the wind had blown his book to the ground.
There’s no way Tony can just glide in, and Tony has to pull back slightly, force himself back in with these small thrusts and jabs that shove the air out of Steve’s lungs in breathy, shocked grunts, like there’s not room for both oxygen and Tony’s cock in his body, and at that thought, Steve comes before he can fully process what’s happening.
He didn’t remember getting to his feet, didn’t remember crossing the room to his door, but he was careening into the hallway a second later, and it still wasn’t fast enough.
“Pepper,” he said at last, almost pleading with her, but she didn’t relent, and he didn’t know what else to try, already feeling the mantle of responsibility settle on his shoulders, trying to crush him with its weight.
, Steve thought, his name a mantra as he turned into Tony’s hand, trying to offer what comfort he could, his breath coming out in hitching gasps against Tony’s skin. He could barely make sense of Tony’s words, too lost in his own thoughts, in the latest in his series of betrayals.
“Yeah. That sounds good,” he said and smiled.
take care of it.  Myself.”
“—and is turned into a Beast, and he only manages to break the spell by finding true love. This curse follows that same path, but maybe the villain—”
“Alright?” Tony asked, and he nodded. He had the urge to settle into parade rest, but that was him just trying to find comfort in formality, so he forced himself to stand normally instead.
“I’ve never built a fucking machine before. Don’t get me wrong, I’ve thought about it once or twice, but it didn’t seem worth the effort. I mean, they sound good in theory, but it’s one of those things you'd only pull out in a blue moon. No one
He knew that Steve would always remember him, but he didn’t want to just be Steve’s first, he wanted to be the
“Ah. So now I’m beginning to understand why something being different is a little weird.”
He didn’t make a conscious decision to walk forward and open the door, but suddenly he was staring at Tony—a Tony who was no longer in the suit. Steve couldn’t stop himself from scanning him over, and although he looked tired and upset and there were a few bruises and scratches on him, that was all.
The wounded sound Steve made in response had Tony’s cock aching, and not for the first time, he wished he had more hands since he obviously wasn’t going to withdraw the one fucking Steve, and his other one was busy digging into Steve’s ass and keeping him open for Tony.
What was he hiding from him?
him as much as you did.  It’s a lot to take in all at once—”
“Debauched, maybe.
Training with Steve had been one of the worst ideas of his entire life, Tony decided as he lay on the ground, his body one big aching mass.
“That we were still contracted back then.” Steve took a few steps into the living room. “Why did you let me think you and Nick had terminated our contract?”
—” The machine lurched as he jerked his body to the side to avoid Tony’s questing fingers, and while Steve hadn’t meant for that to happen, it at least made Tony stop trying to release him.
. . . Steve, hadn’t pressured him or made him feel that he owed Stark anything; had done the opposite in fact. He remembered Stark standing between him and the doctor and his assurances afterward, the way he’d been so gentle with him the rest of the day, not like he thought Steve was broken but like he couldn’t help himself, and he felt his stomach twist in a combination of remorse and guilt.
He’d all but declared himself to Fury. Tony’s jaw went slack. What with the whole overprotective Dom schtick and all the chest-pounding, he’d been asserting his claim left and right in a way that no one in a contract of-of
“Ah, you’re asking about the rules,” he said, knowing that Steve wasn’t but refusing to give him the satisfaction of being the one to give voice to what he was really referring to. He smiled, although it was more a baring of teeth.
It was what he wanted to ask, but what was the point? Steve would tell him soon enough. This wasn’t a social visit, after all. Steve was a full-fledged member of SHIELD now. Maybe there was another whacko trying to take over the world. Or maybe Fury was hoping Steve could convince him to get back into weapons design. Fury knew Tony had a soft spot for him. It had to be something important for them to send the big guns in, whatever it was.
No, no, Dr. Stark would definitely have closed the door if there were someone else around. Doctors are all about patient privacy.
He was easily the most gorgeous thing Tony had ever seen.
on the MCU discord for their help on this chapter! You guys were so helpful, thank you!
“You can’t be serious,” she said flatly.
Pepper kept telling him that one day when he was least expecting it, he’d turn around and wham!  There’d be the Omega for him.  And when they got married, she’d laugh and laugh and laugh.
“Thank you,” Tony says, his cheeks flushing at the compliment and an almost shy smile spreading across his face, and it feels like Steve’s heart hitches in its rhythm at the sight, starting over in a new beat.
. And not in the sort of blase “oh yeah, Superman rescued me the other day, just swooped out the sky and tucked me into his manly arms and kept me from being squashed like a pancake because I was looking at my phone instead of the crosswalk sign, and by the way, I managed to get a selfie, and it was kind of amazing” way. No.
Steve had faltered a little as they walked up the walkway to the front door, staring at the mansion. Tony glanced back at him. "Come now, warm bed waits inside, Cap."
“Among other things. I’d like to get another sample before you leave for California, to compare results. Hopefully we’ll notice the downward shift in growth soon, but I don’t think it’s anything to really worry about. Especially not with you and Steve keeping an active eye on her.”
He was much to close to the street for comfort, but he shot across, gaining enough momentum, and shot back up, letting out a shout of laughter, tinged with relief, and adrenaline. Time to head back home, he thought. The adrenaline would wear off soon, and he wanted to be home before that happened.
"Daddy!" Peter pulled on Tony's arm, gasping, pointing up. "Daddy! It's Captain America!" Tony smiled, picking up Peter and putting him up on his shoulders. "Captain America is there!" Tony laughed and nodded, Peter leaning forward on his head now, just trying to get closer to the banners.
"Daddy is a weird one," Steve said, looking at Jamie in his arms. "That's why we always ask me before doing what Daddy says." Tony leaned in to Steve, giving him an inquisitive look. "I've decided that you should keep the name Daddy, and I'll take Papa."
"Bucky," Steve frowned, sharing the same expression as Meg.
"Respect what?" Tony asked, managing to keep in a strangled laugh. Him?
Tony was sitting on the floor of his living room, using Ruby’s special brush to comb out her mane and tail. Tony took special care of her, had ever since she had pushed her way out of her egg. She had always been the smallest, but had bonded the closest to Tony, other than Vee. She was shy around others, even Pepper and Coulson, but she loved to be brushed by Tony.
"Uhhhh, maybe?" Tony let out an amused chuckled.
right now. I'd fight you, Steve," he said with a wobble in his voice, pin pricks behind his eyes as tears threatened to form. "If you tried to deny me the drink, I would physical fight you over it, and I wouldn't stop."
"How are you holding up with a two week old in your arms?" Tony asked, turning more towards Steve with the warm bottle.
“Don’t you even dare,” Tony interrupted, pointing at Rhodey who had looked ready to interrupt himself. “We are Not calling you Iron Patriot.”
'Hey, Tony. Palladium in the chest, painful way to die.'
Steve had been watching the magic users all tense along with Tony’s body. Pietro looked troubled as he watched his sister, then Tony let out a strangled cry of pain, his back arching from the bed. His face wreaked of pain, of being in agony, and even Loki was jerking slightly. The dark haired man had closed his eyes, leaning in, the green glow around his hands brightening slightly. That’s when Tony let out a scream, making Jamie whimper and press her face into Steve’s chest.
“For turning me into a sap,” Tony continued. “I was never like this before. Paying attention to anniversaries, looking forward to dates, actually going on dates. Thank science that your birthday is so memorable.”
'Dad's on a hunting trip. And he hasn't been home in a few days.'
"He's napping," Tony replied, running his hand through Peter's shaggy hair. "William brought him out, so I'm not sure how long he's been asleep."
“I’d like to hope that we can last until tomorrow,” Steve chuckled, wrapping an arm around Tony’s waist. “We can try to distract each other.”
"There's no way they set that up to test it."
"Let me know if you still can't get a hold of them by dinner time, I'll go out and get them myself." Tony found Peter's backpack that had been on the Hellicarrier and made sure that his sketchbook and art supplies were still inside. "I'll get them a satellite phone as well if I have too."
Jarvis must have warned Pepper, because Tony never saw her when they all returned. He had been able to fix the pokeballs, but waiting for Captain Steve Rogers to come back to the Tower to do that. All the years that he waited to meet the man, hoping that his Dad and Aunt Peggy were right, and that the man was still alive. Then wishing that Captain America had never existed, and regretting it when he saw Vee.
"I want to display them at Stark Industries," he countered. "Both the California and New York locations. One for outside and one for inside, so I'm thinking four in total." Her mouth opened a little in disbelief. "And I want them big, something that people will notice, because I'm not known to do anything half-way."
Steve's fingers slid up into his hair, tightening, gripping to make sure that he didn't lose Tony. His other hand tightened in Tony's shirt against his back, the fabric sliding against Tony's skin. He could even feel the slight bristle of short hair from Steve's cheeks from where he hadn't shaved yet brushing against Tony's cheek. The coarseness bring a tiny raw burn on the beard free skin.
Tony rolled his neck before heading up the stairs to the living room where Obie was. That last crash in his workshop set off some forgotten aches from not sleeping, and playing with Peter. It had been nearly three weeks now since the press conference, and Mary was able to sneak into Tony's drive with Peter now, and Tony was able to sneak out to go see Peter at night.
"Little man is in charge of this shindig, apparently," was all that Tony offered. Steve chuckled a little and took his seat next to Tony. Mary shot him a knowing smile, and Steve wiggled the fingers on his left hand. He told her that he had no issue with them announcing their engagement on his birthday, but they insisted on waiting until the next day. Steve was now threatening to reveal their happy news.
"It's powered by an Arc Reactor, self-sustaining energy source." Tony glanced over at the smaller one, still sitting on the table. "That building will run itself for what, a year?"
"Daddy?" Peter said in a quiet voice. "Not feel goob." He coughed again, but kept coughing for several seconds after.
"While that happens, we can put the chimichangas in the oven again," Tony told the little boy. "Wade likes cheese, right? Let's put some more on top, warm up the food, and melt the cheese."
"I have secured their location, and can relay that neither Wilson has been injured," his AI dutifully relayed. "I am working on contacting them, as cell towers communications have not been restored yet."
Steve hesitated as a dozen different thoughts went through his mind. The elevator doors opened and he started to guide Tony to their bedroom. The lights were off in the main rooms, the hall lights dimmed. Jamie’s door was mostly closed, the glow of a night light peeking out from under the door frame, while Peter’s door was closed all the way. Once inside their bedroom, Steve closed the door and Tony went off to the closet to change into his night clothes.
"Hi Daddy."
"There is power there, the power to keep him safe. Forever." Tony swallowed heavily. "You only need to reach out," as the voice spoke, Tony's arm lifted up, reaching towards the glow, "and take it."
"And yet, you seem to be pretty relaxed," Tony said with a suspicious eyebrow raised.
“But, if she has a metabolism like yours, then one little bite won’t last long,” Wade argued. Steve blinked a couple of time, not expecting it. “I’m about as smart as Peter,” Wade added at Steve’s look. “Plus, I knew everything about Captain America before I met you.”
"He wasn't as hurt as Rachel was," Steve argued weakly. He also knew of Tony's intense dislike of hospitals, and he didn't want Tony anywhere that wasn't as secure as the Tower. "She's still in surgery as far as we know, and Tony's already awake."
Wade had been steadily creeping closer, his hands behind his back, but Steve had seen the bag of cotton candy there already. Fortunately, Jamie had not. “Why not?” Wade asked with a grin. Jamie was looking back and forth between Steve and Wade. “Peter told me she likes cotton candy.”
And while Tony was excited about the start of this new project, he was even more excited to see that enough cameras had backed off enough that they weren't surrounding the site, or the Manor, anymore. Tony was nearly giddy when he discovered that he would be able to sneak out of the house again.
“And that’s why you started working on a space ready suit.”
Tony stopped suddenly when he saw who was coming up the walk-way, from the front gate no less, and who Rachel was moving to intercept. George Hayes. This had the potential to get really bad, really fast. He had to diffuse the situation. Tony looked at Steve, who had almost bumped into him when he had stopped, and pointed at Rachel.
Tony had made a quick scan over the music that the DJ was going to play, and was very happy to see that Coulson had indeed not managed to sneak in the Captain America theme song. That had been a very legitimate fear for Tony, Mary, and Steve. They compromised that whoever Steve married in the future would have to have their first dance to the 'Star Spangled Man'. (Steve had no intention of actually remembering that if he got married.) But Mary and Phil's first dance, (Everything by crooner Michael Buble, even Tony could agree to that), went off without a hitch. Agent had some moves that could admire. Just for a second.
"What were they right about?" Tony asked, his eyes finding Rachel's.
"That's Wade, by the way," Tony said. "That's his best friend, and I guess his crush."
Tony wouldn't tell any of them, but the suit was supporting Tony as they fought. He didn't have the needed strength or energy to keep himself standing for longer than five minutes, and his wrist was probably broken. Jarvis knew about this, could see the readings on the HUD, and tried to work with his creator so that Tony didn't have to do much maneuvering with his hand. But Tony would work through a hundred broken bones if it meant stopping this invasion and keeping Peter safe.
"How do you that, ma'am?" Steve asked, trying not to laugh like Peter was.
“Last I could confirm, Wilson was still in DC,” Tony told him. “I still don’t have a present location on Hilda though.”
"New York," Steve said, turning to look back at Tony. "She's coming back to New York."
"You look fantastic," he greeted. "I didn't recognize you."
"Look at you thinking all logically." Tony and Steve watched the show on the TV, the lights dimmed, but not off all the way. "I will admit, that the older brother has a nice choice in cars, and good taste in music."
"Jarvis, is Meg's phone active?" A hologram appeared, showing a blip on the map. "Contact her, right away." Tony sat on the stool behind him, crossing his arms.
"Then a quickie breakfast before you go off to your mystery meeting?" Steve asked, getting up so Tony could slide out of the bed.
"Yeah, but what other choice did we have?" Steve asked wearily. "By the time one of us, or anyone else on the team, would have gotten out there, Wilson would have been gone."
“What about when Mom dies?” Steve’s brain stuttered to a halt for a second. “I’ve known she was sick a lot longer than anyone else, and I know that cancer is bad.” Despite his no-nonsense voice, Wade was tucking himself against Steve’s side, under his arm. “I know she’s really sick, and that she can’t work anymore because of it.” Wade pursed his a lips a little, taking a few breaths. “I know she doesn’t have a lot of time left.” He stumbled a little over his words and Steve turned to pull him into a hug. “What’s gonna happen to me?” Wade asked in a whisper.
He shook his head. The only things he might have wanted to say—that he loved Tony, that he was sorry for hurting him—didn’t feel appropriate, not now that he was on the cusp of finally being able to prove he was actually sincere. Nothing else was important.
He felt a mean delight at seeing Steve startle.
at redeeming himself, and for Tony to say that … as if Steve didn’t love Tony. As if it’d been easy to approach Tony after a year away, or give up his life in DC, or let himself be vulnerable in front of Tony in a way that he’d never been with anyone else.
Stark—”
There are so many things that Steve could say, too many really, and that’s his only excuse for ignoring Bucky’s machinations and the obvious white elephant in the room and saying weakly, “You have horrible gaydar.”  Like he’s tried to set Steve up with straight men and been totally oblivious when gay guys hit on him levels of horrible.
“My . . . my car broke down about two miles east of town,” the man said, oddly tentative even though his eyes were running all over Tony like he didn’t know where to look first but couldn’t bear to miss any of it.  “The sheriff said I should come here, that you can fix just about anything.”
(Look, I did say that there'd be at least one more chapter of angst. I did. So like, NEXT chapter should start the healing. Or if not, DEFINITELY the chapter after that. *cough* Yeah.)
He discovered that last bit when he’d been sent out on a two-day mission, and Tony had been delighted when Steve had told him, so obnoxiously pleased with himself that Steve almost regretted saying anything. Except then Tony had decided they needed to increase Steve’s minimum to
“Look,” he said, shutting the stall door closed and glaring at a mutinous Tony.  “If you didn’t want me to move in with you, why did you even ask—”
(See the end of the chapter for
Unfortunately, that meant he couldn’t see her professionally anymore. She didn’t think it’d be good for him to continue being her patient if she couldn’t meet with him regularly, and she’d given him the names of two of her counterparts in New York that she personally recommended, but he hadn’t contacted either of them yet. It’d taken a long time to feel comfortable with Dr. Saunders, and it was daunting to think he’d have to start the whole process over again.
Steve shuddered, moaning as one of Tony’s hands started stroking Steve’s cock, the other hand resting gently on his abdomen.  It had surprised him how much he enjoyed this the first time they’d done it, the pleasure so intense that it was almost painful, the shame lost in the sensations that Tony elicited from him.  Now, though, he looked forward to their sessions as much if not more than Tony, even if a part of him still wished he could give Tony what he really wanted.
“If you need to pee during the day, you can whine and scratch at the door, and I’ll take you outside. Yes, that means you’ll have to take care of business in the bushes, and I’ll expect you to do it by lifting a leg and being as careful with your aim as you can.”
“Look, I’m sure you’re all familiar with Beauty and the Beast, right? The prince does something to offend the evil fairy—”
“Good things, I presume,” Tony said, holding his fingers up so they glistened in the light from the television.
“I didn’t
And when he got it, when Tony opened his eyes and gasped for breath, he could barely react at all, relief so deep and heavy that it was all he could do to keep himself upright.
“Soulmates are of the utmost importance in my society. When one of us turns twenty-five, if we haven’t met our Soulmate by then, we develop an inner sense of where they might be, and we go on pilgrimage to find them.”
Happy new year!
“Do you know what a fucking machine is?”
It turned out that it hadn’t been the wrong decision, not exactly. But he would have protected himself better if he’d known that this was where it would lead.
“Can we go upstairs, please?” he asked, his voice coming out rough and barely recognizable. He wasn’t sure how Tony would react to him suddenly acting like he fucking cared for once in their relationship, so he made the request selfish. “I’d like to sit down, if that’s alright.”
And now, instead of being with her, he was with Stark.  Another link to his past, but one he hadn’t wanted.
Steve starts smiling as soon as he sees IronMan’s already on. A second later, he’s joining Tony’s fireteam without even checking to see where he is and setting up a party chat.
he thought, covering his eyes with his forearm.
“I hope you’re right.”
“As a matter of fact, there might be times when I don’t let you come at all. Not for days,” Tony said, his tone contemplative. “I think I’d really like to see you desperate.”
Tony pressed against his palm for a few seconds, and then he slowly began lowering his head in handfuls of inches, pausing in between as if he were waiting for Steve to tell him no.
“Tony,” he slurred, shivering from the aftershocks that sparked along his spine, too fucked out to even move away enough to catch his breath. He hadn’t meant to come, but he couldn’t exactly complain about the outcome all in all. “Tony, fuck me,” he said, dropping his chest to the ground, his body trembling so much that he couldn’t keep himself up.
He could make up all the excuses that he liked, but he knew why he hadn’t tried to go through with it yet. He was nervous. Unbearably so. But not because he thought he’d embarrass himself or that Tony would be disappointed in his performance.
He could sense Tony’s gaze on him, and it took a tremendous amount of strength to lift his chin, needing to convey his determination to stay where he was. He didn’t want to go against Tony’s wishes, felt like a million butterflies were battering against his stomach at the knowledge that he was defying him, but he couldn’t let Tony walk away without even trying to stop him.
“You said I was reckless and narcissistic and—”
“I didn’t know that.”
They couldn’t.
“The whole point of a massage is to relax, Steve, not to be pummeled or, or
He knew it was foolish to wish for impossible things, but he couldn’t help himself. It still hurt to think about Tony, even now, and while he imagined there would come a day when it didn’t anymore, he doubted he’d ever stop missing him completely.
As simple as that.
Word count: 837
He … had to have heard Steve get on the table and the rustle of the sheet. After all, it’s not like he’s outside the room and waiting some predetermined time before knocking to check if Steve’s ready. Of course he’d turn his head at all the noise.
“I don’t—”
Steve had seemed so taken aback by Tony grabbing his wrist. At first, Tony had thought it’d been because Steve had recognized how pointless the action had been when Steve could’ve broken the hold at any time; or maybe it’d been anger that Tony would dare to touch him when they’d stopped sparring; or maybe it’d just been honest surprise that Tony would do it all. But he hadn’t pulled away.
. That he hadn’t let him down.
“No can do, I’m afraid.  The passenger-side seat belt isn’t working, and I’m waiting for parts,” he said, not even feeling bad for lying, because the last thing he needed was to sit next to Mr. Cute But Creepy for any length of time.
Steve had been reluctant to accept the clothes afterward—it was against company policy or something else equally inane—which Tony had found oddly endearing (but then, he finds everything Steve does endearing, and he’s going to make himself gag, he really is), but he’d insisted.  He likes seeing Steve in nice clothes, likes peeling him out of them even more, and Tony can admit that he gets a bit of a thrill knowing Steve’s wearing them especially for him.
He’d gone into this prepared for it to hurt. He hadn’t, however, anticipated how good being hurt would feel.
Of course. Of course that was when Steve had “figured out” he loved him. When Tony had told him to leave.
Tony looked at him for a long time, although if he were trying to find some sign of doubt, there was none.
“Did you go to all this effort with your appearance for me?” Tony asked, flicking at one of Steve’s buttons.
“I wish you would. There’s no reason for you to be down here with me—”
He snorted but eventually dropped his hand, squeezing hers to let her know they were okay.
“I don’t think there’s a part of me that
“No,” Tony said, rubbing at his eyes. He had a headache building, he felt grimy and disgusting, and his teeth had a coating on them that told him it’d been way too long since he’d brushed them. It must have been his overwhelming animal magnetism that had made Steve proposition him. “Where did he sleep last night?”
Shit, maybe he should brush his teeth.
“Please don’t leave me again,” Steve whispered and pulled Tony tightly to his chest, as if he could absorb him into himself and never have to let him go.
Steve tried to stop the fresh wave of tears that welled up.
Tony didn’t want him.
Almost … got it?
He leans in while Steve’s still staggering from that statement and presses a kiss to his cheek.
Tony had to still want him, because if he didn’t … if lust wasn’t there anymore, what could Steve hope for? What was left?
Um, progress?
“I didn’t—”
“No.”
“That’s too bad,” Steve said regretfully, and they moved back to discussing Natasha and Clint.
There was a long moment when neither of them spoke, although Steve wanted to fill the silence with more reasons, more apologies. He felt like he’d rushed through his explanation, hadn’t done a good enough job of conveying just how important Tony was to him and how truly sorry he was. At the same time, however, he didn’t know what else to say, what—if any of it—had affected Tony, and if he’d be hurting his chances by pointing out his mistakes all over again at this point. Not that it could get much worse, he thought, his hand aching with how hard he was squeezing his bag.
They’re so sensitized that it begins to feel like Dr. Stark is almost pinching them as he rolls and is pulling from further and further from his body, and Steve does everything he can to keep any more noises trapped behind his lips, but his back is coming off the table, and his heels are starting to slide against the leather as his legs move without permission, and his fist accidentally rubs against his cock, and he’s going to come, he can’t help it, it hurts but feels so good, and it’s Dr. Stark, it’s Dr. Stark touching him and watching him, and Steve doesn’t mean to, but it’s too much, it’s too—
“It’s okay, Steve,” Dr. Stark says, understanding and so terribly kind. “We’ll make a note that increased sensitivity is one of your symptoms.”
Steve made sure Tony wasn’t holding anything flammable or explosive, and then he stuck the sandwiches under Tony’s face. “Tony, it’s time to eat.”
, was looking and not even making a pretense of watching the opening sequence, which Steve could hear faintly on his left. It was nowhere near the normal level of loudness that Tony preferred, which meant Tony had lowered the sound when he’d set everything up.
Because if Tony was actually saying what Steve thinks he was saying, then . . .
He had honestly never thought of that solution before—if it could be called a solution. For him, it’d always been A led to B, and then he’d go do whatever it was he needed to do; but Tony was talking about skipping A altogether, about
Tony stared at the wall as Steve got dressed, giving him what privacy he could that didn’t entail turning his back to him or leaving the room. It was difficult knowing he’d done the right thing but also knowing that he’d hurt the both of them doing it.
Tony had seemed to appreciate that Steve had asked for a kiss, however, and maybe . . . maybe that was what Tony was waiting for? To see Steve take the initiative—to
Is it? Because all of Steve’s omega friends complain about getting their exams, about how annoying and uncomfortable they are, and not one of them has ever hinted by so much as a blush that they react the same way Steve does.
But he’d thought he’d lost everything. Only to discover that maybe,
“What?” Tony said sharply, not even meaning to that time, but there was something in Steve’s tone that made it impossible to keep quiet, like
“Right, so please help yourself to anything in the kitchen, and the television remotes are on the coffee table, and I’m just going to be a couple of minutes, but if you need anything, feel free to knock.” He sends Tony one last bright smile and doesn’t quite slam his bedroom door, but it’s a near thing.
“Tony?” he said as Tony walked into the living room, sunglasses on his face and wearing a rumpled tuxedo that looked like it’d spent several hours on the floor. It wasn’t the outfit he’d been wearing when he’d left the penthouse.
“Oh no! I’m so clumsy!” Tony says loudly, pushing his chair back with a screech and grabbing all the napkins.
Tony had been trying to earn his trust from the very beginning, and Steve hadn’t even bothered to notice.
This needs to stop.
“Do you mean how long have I been in love with you?” Steve asked at last.
Steve nodded and tried to smile to cover his embarrassment, although it was more a quirk of his lips than anything else.
Tony busied himself with pouring wine into both their glasses. “It’s a busy time of year for the business unfortunately. She was planning to fly back to LA tonight, but she says ‘hi’ and is sorry she missed you.” Because she wanted to punch Steve in his face, he didn’t add.
There was a short pause before Steve cleared his throat and said, “Honor.” Tony knew that checking in could break the mood for some Subs, but he couldn’t regret asking. Steve was so inexperienced that he felt he had to remind him his safeword was there if he needed it. Not that Tony thought he would, but just in case.
“I told you I’d fly you first class—”
He’d meant to. So many times. But then something would happen, or they’d get a lead—
Screw it. He grabbed the closest bottle.
three months, which gave Tony a perverse twinge of joy.
He understands now why he’s clamping down on Dr. Stark, why even this much is wrecking him. It’s just one more way his body is trying to reel Dr. Stark in, showing him just how good Steve would feel, how satisfying it’d be to break Steve open on his cock. The thought makes Steve bite down on the blanket, letting out a muffled whine of excitement and pain as Dr. Stark thrusts into him a few times, undoubtedly trying to loosen him up and get him ready for more.
Word count: 590
Fuck, why was Steve here? Tony had been doing quite well not thinking about him, could go weeks without remembering how he’d looked when he’d been glaring at Tony for one reason or another, or beating his demons into submission in the gym. What gave him the right to walk back into his life now?
“And I’ve definitely enjoyed all the flirting.”
And Loki?  Who knew what he wanted.  Not Thor, who couldn’t understand his mercurial shifts of temper, who arrived early to their meetings, only for Loki to make him wait.  He didn’t know what it meant that Loki watched him more and smiled less as the years progressed but would stand so close that Thor could mark the passing of the minutes by his steady breaths.
shower.
wrong, because Tony hadn’t actually given him permission; there just hadn’t been any other choice. He needed to know, however, even while he didn’t want to hear the answer itself. “Can you tell me what I did?”
So it was with trembling fingers that Steve reached back, spreading his cheeks in order to be even better for Tony.
“Safewords don’t work that way,” Tony said, his voice low enough that Steve couldn’t decipher his tone, but he could tell there
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes,” Steve said, resisting the urge to squirm a little. He didn’t remember being this ticklish—although not many people had tried to tickle him, so he might have been. If Tony would just use a little more pressure, it probably wouldn’t bother him at all. “Very much.”
person, he thought, just . . . an overly competitive one.
So of course that meant it all got messed up.
His stomach dropped sickeningly, and he covered his mouth.
He dredged up a smile from somewhere and said, “So think about it, and tell me what you pick. I’d prefer that you don’t use it for the small stuff just to annoy me, like what we’re going to eat for dinner or what we’re going to watch on any given night, but it’s your right either way. Something like yesterday shouldn’t happen again,” and it wouldn’t, his voice said, his tone turning hard, “but if it does, yes, please use it right away.”
As always, many thanks to MetaAllu who took time off from like a billion essays in order to let me know this was alright. *hugs* I also wanted to thank ricochet for all the awesome reviews and encouragement; you totally inspired me to write this next chapter, thank you.
And then later, after Loki escaped, Tony couldn’t keep his mask in place, letting Steve glimpse exactly how much he mourned Coulson’s death. He’d never seen Tony so affected. He’d never seen Tony so vulnerable.
Knowing he was going to see Tony soon, it was a lot harder to not think about him or about what was going to happen when Steve got back to New York, but there was Bucky to focus on, Bucky who was alive and out there by himself, Bucky who’d been brainwashed and tortured by Hydra for years, and before Steve knew it, he was standing in front of Stark Tower.
“You don’t owe me anything,” he said as Tony’s hands drifted lower. Steve tensed in anticipation, but Tony changed direction before he even reached his belt. He didn’t know why it was alright that Tony was touching him, but he couldn’t convince himself to move his own hand on Tony’s chest. He wanted to explore Tony’s body. He just . . . wasn’t.
Steve didn’t like the idea of Tony
-----
“That smug, manipulative, son-of-a-bitch!” he whispered and weighed the likelihood that Fury thought he was just being a good Dom versus him realizing how much he’d come to care for Steve.
It was a weak excuse. He knew it even as he thought it. Yes, he’d been trying to keep Tony safe, but he hadn’t even made an effort to let Tony know he was okay, that he was
For @post-and-out's prompt: Sub!Steve, masochist!Steve, orgasm denial
, especially not by the likes of you,” he said, and he was staring right into furious blue eyes from inches away, and he didn’t even remember when that had happened.  “Or maybe after spending five minutes in your charming company, they just didn’t want
Still, it didn’t mean anything, not really. Steve knew some people said all sorts of things in the heat of the moment, and while he wouldn’t have pegged Tony as the type, it wasn’t as if he knew
But Steve kept
It was a long time before the six of them made their way back to SHIELD headquarters. Fury came to pick up Loki, and Thor went with them to ensure he didn’t try anything, but Steve saw Thor back in the streets soon after. He gave him a nod in acknowledgment, but there were too many still to do, too many people that were trapped or needed help, for him to stop and do more than that. It was hours later before they went to get food, and Steve would have preferred to just find a bed to collapse in, but Tony had asked, and even if none of the others had been willing to go, Steve wouldn’t have been able to deny him.
“Put your hands on the back of my thighs,” Tony said, and Steve did. “If you need a break or want the chance to say your safeword, you just have to drop your hands. Do you understand?”
“Oh, I’m starting to want you to make me,” Tony said, irritation coloring his voice, and Steve was glad. Was Tony upset that he didn’t want his support?
“Okay, what is it now?”
The issue with telling Steve that he’d help him was that Steve seemed to think Tony was going to tell him to do something new or, at the very least, different than what he’d been doing before. But Tony didn’t want new or different. What he wanted was for Steve to be as happy and certain in their relationship as he’d been before everything had happened.
Title from the poem "To Lucasta, Going to the Wars" by Richard Lovelace.
but to someone else.
a Dom. That he was fine. That he was adjusting.
They spend the next several seconds fighting for their lives, and there’s just one guy left with less than half health when Tony says, “It means I probably won’t be on Saturday morning either, just so you know.”
This has been sitting on my computer for like a year, and I realized I'm never going to write more, so why not post it as short fic?  Yay, short fic!
“Well, this was fun,” Tony said a long, long, awkward moment, deciding that it was way past time to skedaddle.  He slid his sunglasses out of his shirt pocket and put them on.  “But look at the time; I’ve got people to do, things to see—”
When his fingers, what the hell, when his
“It’s not …” He took a deep breath, looking down. “If you’d just let me explain—”
And sure, while the idea of Steve remembering how he’d been fucked again and again and
What did that mean? Why would—was Tony leaving?
He couldn’t rock Steve, but he stroked his arms, rested his head against the back of Steve’s and made shushing noises until the tremors left Steve’s body and he couldn’t hear Steve’s gasping breaths anymore; until his own heart had calmed and he didn’t feel like he was one wrong word away from shattering into a million pieces.
“Put your hands on the wall,” Tony said after he’d finished rinsing Steve off, and even though it was physically impossible for him to get an erection just yet, his cock throbbed all the same at the thought of what was next. “And one knee up on the bench,” he added when Steve had done as requested.
“I mean, it wasn’t a bad ‘I see.’ More of a confused ‘I see,’ so really not an ‘I see’ so much as a ‘I don’t see at all.’”
“We’ve decided,” Nick said, glancing at Tony, “that it’d be better if the two of you weren’t in a fledgling contract in the middle of all of this. Too many complications, especially since we can’t guarantee that you’ll both be in the same location if there’s a firefight. Considering how high-profile this is going to be, the last thing we want to do is flaunt the law and then have NASR coming after us and the US government.”
“I went to see Peggy,” he said after a bit.
, Tony, I’m going to come,” he moaned, head swimming with pleasure. He halfheartedly tried to crawl forward on his forearms, but Tony nipped at his buttock in reprimand and followed him, pushing his tongue into Steve’s already stretched hole, licking his insides and squirming deeper.
“What do you think of this one?”
“I know you don’t. But it’s there if ever you need it.” His lips quirk. “I guess it was fate that I finished my calculations this morning. Well then. Goodbye, Steve. If it helps at all, I did love you. I just loved him more.”
I'm a terrible person.
Steve smiled reluctantly, because Tony always made him smile, even when he was driving him crazy.
“You should—” He cleared his throat. “You should go to bed,” he said, but he didn’t move from where he was. He kept trying to look up, but his eyes were drawn over and over to the space between Tony’s thighs, to where his undershirt had shifted so that Steve could see the curve of Tony’s penis in his underwear, the cloth stretched tight.
Tony squeezed his eyes closed, digging the heels of his hands into them.
He leaves the door open.
Shit.
“Thank you,” Steve whispers into his shoulder a minute or so later, and Tony’s not sure for what. For the experience maybe, or for the incredible orgasm, or for just keeping him from falling, who knows, but it’s nice to hear nonetheless, and Tony presses a kiss to head in reply.
“I was going to call after Nick died, but then I was being pursued by SHIELD, and it was just easier to tell myself I was keeping you safe by not contacting you. And then … then I found out Bucky was still alive,” he said, and Tony’s body jerked around as he stared at him. By the expression on his face, Steve knew he didn’t have to explain who Bucky was. “Hydra had him,” Steve said and looked at the floor, forcing himself not to think about what Bucky must have gone through. What he might still be going through. “But he’s alive.”
Right?
“How are you feeling today?” he asked, moving a stool with wheels closer to the exam table and putting the computer he was holding onto the counter.
do it, because Tony wanted him to, and Steve wanted to do whatever Tony wanted.
He picks it up out of idle curiosity, surprised by how heavy it is, but then he freezes in shock when he tilts the ring enough to see the word “Beloved” in elegant cursive font.
offended.  Like there was any way in hell SHIELD could’ve had enough money to afford him.  Had the guy even
Of course, that might have a lot to do with his own feelings of guilt.
“Thank you,” Steve said, knowing better than to hold Tony’s words against him.  Not-drugged Tony didn’t think he was attractive.  Not-drugged Tony didn’t like him at all as a matter of fact.  Not-drugged Tony had nearly killed him once or twice.
The peace couldn’t last, though. Already thoughts of how tired Tony looked were starting to creep into his awareness, of how the angry lines on Tony’s back had curled around to his sides in places and that it couldn’t be comfortable for him to lie like that. Of how much better he’d rest and how much happier he’d be if Steve had never intruded on his life.
He loved Tony. And he knew Tony loved him. But he was so scared of messing up again and driving Tony away that he knew it was only a matter of time before he did it anyway.
Steve felt the straps of the muzzle pull against his skin as his jaw went slack and he stared.
“What?” Tony asked, leaning back in confusion.
“He doesn’t even
“Tony,” Steve says, a hint of admonishment in his voice and the lightest of blushes tinting his cheeks.  But he lies there, hands fidgeting as Tony watches him through the screen, and Tony feels such a rush of fondness for him that his chest aches.
“That I might be . . . sexually interested. In him.” He winced.
He sent Tony a sidelong glance. Tony winked at him.
But … what if Dr. Stark
-----
“They are, yes,” Steve said, and it was nice to have a chance to talk about it with someone, even if Clint had never been on his list of confidants before. He still didn’t have a therapist in New York, though, and while he went back to DC when he could to visit Peggy, it wasn’t regularly enough to see Dr. Saunders. He’d discussed Tony a little with Peggy, enough to know she approved, but he hadn’t felt comfortable talking to his former lover about his current lover, and Natasha typically had longer missions than he did, so their schedules didn’t match up frequently. Other than the two of them, the last person he’d talked about dating to had been Bucky—
While he was there, he decided to change his clothes, just because, although—should he shower? He thought about all the places Tony could possibly want to touch, and yes, he definitely needed to shower.
Steve is so busy arguing with himself that he doesn’t realize he’s made his way to the front desk until Nurse Grace greets him.
He’d been honest with Tony when he’d said he’d liked giving him a blow job, running his hands up and down Tony’s legs while he’d bobbed his head up and down, tasting Tony and knowing his concentration was all on him.
It’s just. Dr. Stark is unfairly attractive with his smile and his impeccably-trimmed goatee and his gorgeous brown eyes and strong, callused hands, and more than anything, Steve kind of wants to bury his face in his neck as Dr. Stark buries his cock in Steve’s—
, sure that Steve would eventually find a way to contact him.
, not when all he seemed to do was hurt Tony over and over again?
But Tony had never announced he’d contracted with a Sub either. And while the coffee shop was on the third floor and only accessible to employees, there’d be no mistaking what the two of them holding hands meant.
“Ma’am?” Steve said, turning away from the window to look at his psychologist. Dr. Leslie Saunders looked to be in her fifties, was always well-groomed, was a Sub, and she started and ended each of their sessions with a kind smile on her face. If Steve had met her in a coffee shop or sat beside her on the subway, he was sure he would’ve liked her. As it was, however, their conversations to date had been stilted and polite, and Steve had never said more than he had to, not because he was trying to be difficult, but because he didn’t know how he was expected to confide in someone who was paid by the hour to act like he was the most important person in the world—someone who was on SHIELD’s payroll besides, because how much privacy could she really guarantee?
left it at that, but there was just something about the downward tilt of Tony’s mouth that Steve had seen right before he’d turned, as if he were sad to let Steve down (even though Steve hadn’t asked!), and it had him bursting out with a, “Why not?” that came out sounding much more plaintive than he liked.
-----
a Dom, but if he had to have one temporarily, then it was good that it was someone who could take care of himself.
Tony say—
“How do you think
But he hadn’t been able to lie anymore when Steve had been exonerated and Tony
“That’s what you thought I was a part of.”
“How’s that?” Tony asked, buckling it around Steve’s neck and testing the give. Steve was able to repress a shiver at the feel of Tony’s fingers against his throat, but he didn’t have the self-control to keep himself from pressing his cheek into the base of Tony’s palm—not much; just enough to feel the warmth of his skin and imagine for a second what it’d be like if Tony were putting a collar on Steve because he wanted to.
“Steve,” Dr. Stark says, pressing down firmly against his chest, pinning him down when Steve tries to curl up in a way that does not make anything better. “Steve, it’s okay, it’s
So...
Another short chapter, but maybe short chapters are the way I need to roll, guys. It gets me writing. Happy holidays, everyone!
He tried to get up but stopped when Stark grabbed his wrist, blunt fingers keeping him trapped in place, the touch too hot against his skin. And suddenly it made sense. Of
Wow.  Okay, sure, Tony had been avoiding Fury for the past month, but he hadn’t known that was going to result in getting carted off to SHIELD headquarters in chains like some kind of prisoner.  Of course, if he’d known who his detaining officer was going to be, he might have done it sooner.  Tall, blond and gorgeous could rock a pair of fitted pants like no one’s business.
“I’m not—are you even listening to yourself?” he asked, slapping his hand down on the table. “‘He was overzealous. He won’t be in the same room as Steve.’
him?”
curious.
“Tony,” Thor—no, Steve—said in a disapproving tone of voice.
His eyes strayed without his permission when she coughed, however, and even though he looked away immediately, it’d still been enough time to register that the cover had a picture of Tony on it.
They decide to meet up for coffee not too far from Dr—er, Tony’s office. It’s a low-key first date, which Steve is grateful for considering the circumstances around all their previous interactions.
“Spit it out, Tony.”
“No, no, no, there’s no actual stripping!” Tony said, holding his hands up.  “They just dance!  I dance, too!  We all dance.  Together!  As a matter of fact, if the mood hits you, I could have them play something especially for you—”
Tony walked into the penthouse a few minutes later, purposefully not looking directly at Steve in order to give him time to collect himself and said, “You know, when I said you could pick whatever room you wanted, I didn’t actually mean the living room, but I like it. Everyone should aim big.”
“Smile, Steve,” he says pointing the camcorder at him as he walks out of the bathroom, still wet from a shower because he’d decided to sneak some twenty-five mile run or something awful like that while Tony’d been busy.
His eyes skittered to the side, for his sake or Steve’s, or maybe both. “I want you to know that I don’t expect anything . . .  sexual . . . from you,” he said, cringing internally but determined to get the words out, no matter how blunt and tactless they came across.
-----
"You're used to following orders, right?" Tony asks.
He ignored him and headed toward his room—his old room—to pack. Tony wasn’t his Dom anymore. There was nothing left to say.
“I’ve heard that getting naked and cuddling in a sleeping bag together is a great way to stay warm.”
Tony made a face, but he didn’t push, and Steve suspected Tony would know more about Steve’s mission than he knew himself by the time Steve got to SHIELD. “Call me when you can,” Tony just said and then kissed Steve roughly, as if Steve needed more reasons to come back as soon as he could.
He knew Steve had grown up in a different time, had even mentioned to Pepper that he wasn’t sure Steve realized he
“Some patients find they’re more comfortable when they don’t have to see what’s happening, so I thought we’d give this a try,” Dr. Stark says, coming around to Steve’s side. “What do you think?”
“When was the last time he
When he glances up, Dr. Stark is looking right at him.
“Yeah, I know we will,” Tony said, although neither of them moved for a long time.
Of course, most of the time, people were commenting on how similar they were, or how completely dissimilar, or how Howard would be so disappointed, or proud, or impressed, or whatever else they could come up with to use against Tony.  Bringing up Captain America was a new one though, he had to admit.
What if he.
“You don’t love
“There’s something I’ve wanted to try with you for a while now,” Tony said, and Steve wished desperately to pay attention, to not think beyond what Tony was saying, but it was so hard.
how his body was reacting, he realized numbly, as the thing which had been still until that point began to move as well, slowly winding around his cock, undeterred when his cock flexed again and again at the strange sensation, until the end of it came to a rest on the head of his penis.
Steve glared at him, but it just didn’t have the same effect on him when it was coming from Thor’s face.  That probably wouldn’t last if Steve spent much more time in Thor’s body, but now that Tony knew Steve couldn’t guilt him into acting better with just a look, he planned to take advantage of it for as long as he could.
Tony watched Steve’s chest move as he took a deep breath, his shoulders squaring before he did as Tony had asked. He could tell Steve had tried to wipe any expression off his face, but he’d been heartbreakingly unsuccessful.
The “and you
Stressing the dubcon in this chapter. Please stop reading if this is going to upset you.
“Just … be gentle,” it said, leaning back in its chair and laying the back of one hand across his—
It’s very quiet behind him.
“Good. Now a few more things. First, I want you to wear a blindfold and use earplugs. Don’t worry,” Tony said, as if he knew how Steve’s heart rate had spiked up. “They won’t completely block out your sight and hearing, just reduce them enough to make sure I have your complete attention. Second, JARVIS is going to be monitoring you the entire time.”
“What’s your safeword?” Tony asked, and Steve twitched in surprise.
“Alright, Steve, if you don’t mind scooting down to the edge of the table …”
Tony. He wanted Tony.
-----
He swallowed. “It’s pretty tight,” he said, flexing his muscles. He could probably get out, but there was no point since he’d already lost this round, and Tony would release him eventually. “It’s not unbearable though.”
I’ve been writing so much angst recently that I decided to take the crack road with this one. Okay, okay, it got a little angsty at the end, but only a little bit.
He couldn’t deny, however, that the worry that Stark was getting ready to terminate their contract had faded significantly by the time he turned off the computer. It wasn’t completely gone, but Steve was more willing to give him the benefit of the doubt.
Tony could’ve entered the Guinness Book of World Records under the Longest Amount of Time Taken to Make a Sandwich if that had been an entry as he waited for Steve to think something else at him.  But there was nothing.
“I shouldn’t have grabbed the—”
He smiled without humor. “Isn’t everyone?”
Steve was ashamed to admit he was jealous, wished that he could hold on just as long and just as tightly, but when it was his turn, he kept it quick.
Steve had long arms, but the angle made it difficult, so he turned his body slightly and after hesitating for a second, lifted his right leg so his knee was on the ottoman as well, curling into a C. Then he fucked himself slowly, all too conscious of what he was doing but focused more on the silence, on the lack of sounds which hopefully meant Tony’s attention was on him.
(the list of all the authors offering a fic is
“I want you to, though—”
“The paddle it is,” he said and swatted Steve, just to make him yelp, the brat.
It wasn’t that he’d expected to
Unless. Unless the real reason Dr. Stark left is
Stark moved around the coffee table until he was next to Steve. “Let your hair down a little, Steve! Let me show you around New York.”
FINALLY. A KISS. Almost 45K words later.
, blah,
“What are you doing?” Tony asked, flustered.
“In return for what exactly?”
“Really?  How long have you been working here?” Steve asked as he passed over his keys, a level of interest in his voice that went beyond curiosity, even factoring Tony’s joke.
Actually, he has no idea what "captain of my pants" means now that he thinks about it, but he knows what he wants it to mean, and really, that's all that matters.
He nearly flinched when Tony’s hand turned, worried he’d been found out and that Tony would be upset as a result.
“Tony,” Steve said, stopping him before he could make a clean get-away. “Thank you.”
"Yes."
He shrugged uncomfortably, wanting to pull away, wanting to shut his ears and ignore her, but it was like he was frozen to his seat.
“You’ll meet her sometime here in the next couple of days, once you’ve had a chance to settle in a little bit, her and Happy both. Please don’t comment on Happy’s obvious hero worship. He thinks he’s subtle, and we like to humor him.”
“You don’t have to worry about me. I’ve, uh, I’ve gotten myself ready, and I’m just going to … .” He looked around, but Dr. Strange had put Tony in a meditation room, so there wasn’t any furniture. “I’m just going to get on all fours, and you can—”
Mostly.
“Fine, thank you. And you?”
feels, Tony?” she said, and that shut him up momentarily.
What did she know?
“Pepper—”
Because it was unthinkable otherwise.
Omegas were
It’s an old argument. What’s the point in downloading the app when Steve is just as fast writing out the texts on his tv? It’s always just some combination of his class, light level, and willingness to join a group, and he rarely even does that much anymore since he’s got his friends. Why does he need to download the app for that? He has no idea what that has to do with anything, though, unless–
Tony made a small disbelieving noise, and Steve paused in case he wanted to say something, cheeks heating up, because he knew that he had a tendency to get passionate about things, to say what he felt when he felt it without always thinking past that knee-jerk reaction. But Tony didn’t comment, and eventually, Steve continued.
“Yeah.” Tony covered his face with his arm. “Yeah.”
-----
He didn’t wait for a response, just brushed past Steve, each step sounding like a crack of thunder as he walked away.
“I like
“Until you tell me I can’t,” Steve said, an expression of petty triumph on his face as he looked at Tony, and that was it; he was done.  He was so fucking done.
“I’m me again!” Tony said, checking to make sure all his parts were in place.  Being a woman had been disorienting to say the least, what with the different center of gravity, the change in height and voice, and the lack of dick.  “Hallelujah!”
The humming of the repulsors snapped him out of his thoughts. This wasn’t the time or the place, especially when he still didn’t know what he to say to Tony. There wasn’t a point in starting the conversation when he couldn’t figure out what his own answers were. But later . . .
? He couldn’t seem to look away from Tony’s fingers. “Ever since the serum, it hurts if I don’t . . .”
, Steve has had a few … hazy … ish … thoughts about him since, but that couldn’t be enough to trigger anything.
-----
safeword. He hadn’t thought about what that meant to the two of them until now, however, because he’d known he’d never do anything that Steve would need to safeword for.
Tony, it had turned out, had been caught up in one of his fits of genius, going without sleep for almost seventy-two hours and not realizing what day it was until the third time JARVIS had reminded him he was late.  He’d gotten two tickets for speeding on his way over and almost gotten another one for annoying the second officer so much.  He’d also been the one paying for Pepper’s party as one of his many gifts to her.  It hadn’t excused him, but it’d been enough to make Steve feel guilty when he found out, and the next time they’d run in to each other, he’d approached Tony to clear the air.
Tony stopped.
him in all honestly—standing next to Steve like he had no intention of going anywhere.
didn’t like Tony, in which case, Steve was in for a
So, no, even knowing what was going to happen, what agreeing to Steve was going to do to him, he didn’t want Steve to go. But it’d never been up to him, had it?
He kept his words vague, because while the—brand new—phone was technically secure, that didn’t mean it was secure from SHIELD. He wouldn’t be surprised if SHIELD kept a transcript of every agent’s calls, and he didn’t want his questions about the newest upgrades Tony had given the helicarriers and whether or not Tony knew what the helicarriers were going to be used for to be part of his files.
-----
He wanted to help, but he desperately didn’t want to do anything to make it worse, and he didn’t understand why Tony was doing as poorly as he was. Yes, the scene had been incredibly rough, and fuck, Steve shouldn’t have lost his temper, should’ve noticed Tony wasn’t doing well right away, shouldn’t have added more emotion to what was already a storm of misunderstood feelings … but Tony was walking like every step was an effort, and Steve didn’t know what to do.
