The steps ran from the parking lot to the cabins in a ‘y’ shape, and then from the cabins down to the sandy white beach far below, leaving a little diamond shaped garden of succulents.
"Wait, wait...this's you NOT pretending to be with me? I thought that's what we were doing out there," he said, stunned. Okay, so he'd never technically said yes to the plan, but he hadn't said no either, and they'd certainly been acting like Peter's parents, introducing themselves both at the same time, the whole handshake routine... "I wasn't even about to talk about that, but wow, okay."
“That didn’t go well,” Cap mumbled suddenly, stepping around Tony to check on the sauce. His eyes met Tony’s and he shook his head. “I don’t know what we were thinking, Tony. Clint and Bruce aren’t together.”
"If you don't walk much when you're young, your legs won't stay healthy and strong when you're my age, dear."
“I’d rather be at home, in my room, stuffing my face with a XXL pizza,” Clint said, frowning at Deadpool’s back.
"Torch? AWW MAN." The red merc groaned loudly. "He always swoops in when I'm not around. Ooh, I can fly! Ooh, I can light myself on fire. Tch. Who cares? I mean, unless you're stuck in the middle of the woods at night and you hear something off in the bushes and you happen to have some dry wood—THEN he'd be useful." He stuck a hand into one of his many pouches, pulling out a lighter. "And THIS makes him completely useless." He lit it and nodded happily.
"I don't have to go through it with you, either," Peter retorted, rolling his eyes. He tugged on his hand. "Lemme go already."
The muscular blond let go of Tony's hand, backing away to the far end of the cell and sitting against the wall again.
The archer fidgeted, then he leaned in and pressed a quick kiss on Bruce's lips—leaning back quickly to stare at Bruce with wide blue eyes.
"Yeah, right. If I did this every night, I'd never study for chemistry and I'd flunk it," he commented.
“I'm not here for you, monster,” the third Hawkeye growled, magic spiraling from his hands to wrap around the arrow he had ready.
“While we’re on the topic of dating…” Turning on his heel, Clint grabbed the front of Deadpool’s shirt and yanked him close. “You hurt Peter and I’m gonna put you through a wood chipper. Got it?”
Tony couldn’t even imagine what it would be like to just ride around in somebody else’s head and watch them live their life, unacknowledged even while present for nearly everything. What a disturbing thought.
He dumped a blob of sunscreen into his palm and dabbed a bit on his friend’s nose, frowning to himself.
"I-it's like the fish are mocking us," he managed after a moment, wiping a tear from his eye. "I'm sorry, are you okay? Who knows where that hook has been."
“Community college is fine, but you know that we’ll help you go to whatever college you want,” Cap said, stopping at the burned out bonfire from the night before. He busied himself collecting up cups and candy bar wrappers—but as he passed Tony, he gave him a surprisingly stern look. “I’m going to go grab the hamburgers from the fridge. Why don’t you start the fire?”
“There’s a waterfall and a bunch of caves and I heard there’s treasure from an old man that died a long time ago sunken in a boat in the bottom of the lake and we’re gonna go find it, but Hawkeye said he saw a monster in the lake, so we’re on a mission to save Captain America and the rest of the Avengers, which hopefully will make them realize that I’d also make a great Avenger—”
"I'm sure he knows. That's why he's hiding." Clint looked around for anything that might actually be a camera.
"You wound me, my lady." Deadpool turned back to Tony. "If I get Captain Old Glory back for you, can I have your blessing?"
“Thor? My, what a unique name,” Lola mumbled, gold nailed fingertips playing with the tote bag’s handle. “I came out here for some fun, myself. I was trying to get away from my normal routine, but it just keeps following me!” The woman dropped the bag to one hand, propping the other on her hip. “You’d think this beach was well known!”
"Then it has circuit breakers and surge protectors built-in? C'mon, give me a little credit," Tony said, rolling his eyes.
Bruce followed silently behind the others. The lights were flickering softly. Neither Clint or Cap should've been walking right now, and that made HIM the most able person here. That was worrisome.
“Okay, it’s not like Hulk is a mindless monster,” Clint pointed out, carefully stepping closer. “Yeah, I guess nobody knows you that well. I feel like I’m beginning to. If you’ll let me.” Tentatively, he leaned to take Bruce’s hand.
Peter looked around uneasily. Oh, no. Really? No way did Matt misplace both his glasses and his cane. Wade gone, both of those things also gone?
He glanced over his shoulder back at the bonfire, too, and raised an eyebrow at the scene back there.
“We were about to start lunch.” There was a pause, then Cap added, “A woman came looking for you this morning. Black hair, green eyes—very beautiful—oh right. You played frisbee together. Sorry, I forgot,” the captain mumbled, fidgeting with the hamburger patties. “I think she wants a rematch.”
But Deadpool had completely calmed down, his mood turning on a dime as he gave Peter a big smile from under his mask.
"You're not coming with me?" Bruce imagined that a lot less plaintive than it sounded when he said it. He shoved his hands back into his pockets, because messing with his hair so much just made him look nervous, and he didn't need to give Clint any more reason to assume that.
Securing the log with more webs, Peter took the opportunity to hang upside-down from a tree branch. Going even a few days without getting to be Spider-Man was weird after three years of doing so constantly. In the city there was always some crime going on to stop.
"Oh yeah—like I want to go get wet again." Clint eyed the hovering hand. "Come on. We'll take a pizza."
The two Avengers had walked their assigned section of the city for hours before finding a high perch at the top of a hotel. Wisely, Hawkeye had directed the Hulk AWAY from the glass skyscrapers and to a more industrial styled one with metal bars and lots of bolts.
"He managed to lose Thor. We have to find him!" Loki huffed, trying to pull Bruce toward the living room.
"A third Hawkeye," he said flatly, frowning. He wasn't really unhappy to see Hawkeye, but the Hulk was laughing his green butt off somewhere inside Bruce's head. Of all the people to develop an attachment to, he had to pick the one all of the imposters pretended to be.
“—Haven’t been sleeping, at all. I miss my bugsy-wugsy! I even went down to your neighborhood yesterday just for the feels. There was this old woman crossing the street and I HELPED her. She was like REALLY old and called me Spider-Man. DAY. MADE.”
"SHHH!" Deadpool hushed, struggling to try and put a finger to Peter's lips. "Don't tell Wolvie!" He whispered loudly.
“He was on the beach when Steve and Tony paddled out, right?” Bruce had wiped his wet hair back from his forehead and was wringing out the hem of his plain white T-shirt as if they weren’t just going to go back out into the storm. He sighed. “Too bad nobody has a phone on them because phones are technology, huh?”
"If you say so," Tony said, in a way that made it a little too easy to tell that HE didn't think it was fine. Whatever Steve wanted, though; he was too damn heavy for Tony to just pull his clothes off, anyway.
"Owww...great," she winced, hoisting herself up. If this power outage was his fault somehow, Tony was going to hear about it later.
So when the masked man promptly demanded, "I will trade them for one Arc reactor," nobody saw it coming.
After the news from Tony about Peter dating Deadpool, Cap hadn’t been able to stay calm when he ran into Loki. After the fact, he’d convinced himself that everything was okay. That they’d go back to the campsite, get everyone, and face Loki together.
"Nice save!" Tony cheered from the doorway, even clapping his hands a few times. Loki could see his obnoxious smirk from here.
"I always thought it was you, you know. That you were the real one," Bruce told Clint tiredly, pulling his attention from the Shakespeare going on beside them.
“Okay, we need…” He mumbled under his breath, sitting out tiny jar after tiny jar. “How’s the sauce coming along? Here, add some basil.” He held a spice bottle out to Tony, still distracted by the card.
It was too early for anything but coffee. After coffee was the talk with Peter, and after that depended a whole lot on how Peter reacted.
“Alright. Maybe we can see this as a good thing. If he’s with a man, clearly he won’t be bothered about us. But…Deadpool?”
Matt tipped his head ever so slightly in Wade’s direction, keeping his gaze out to sea. A grumble of thunder sounded in the clouds and a split second later the beach flashed from a crackle of lightning. Matt frowned, reaching a hand out to take Peter’s sleeve.
It kinda sucked that the beach wasn’t private. Now, even if he managed to convince Bruce to do anything, they had to dodge a whole beach full of people AND Ma and Pa Avenger.
"I'm on my way down to the basement," Bruce said carefully. "I told Tony to unplug from the power, so that's why the lights are out. You don't have an arrow for that, do you?"
"The third Hawkeye...isn't real." Clint mumbled, leaning up off of the wall. He wrapped an arm around the other archer's neck and looked at Bruce. "He monologues."
"...but they can eat you if you fall asleep—so that's not that great for toddlers. Alligators, now those are the worst!" Deadpool laughed nervously, rubbing his head. "But hey, if you aren't expecting any grand kids--boa it is!"
Maybe Hulk was around enough to notice the root beer thing, but clearly Bruce didn't catch the significance. "Cap looks kind of miserable," he added under his breath, though, glancing back over his shoulder at the cabin.
"Don't you think it's weird? The needle bent, so, he's the fake and we should throw him in prison," he pointed out, gesturing to Loki.
“Absolutely, bu-sp-Peter!” Wade agreed loudly, spinning in place and heading off along the beach. Considering how well kept the beach was, he’d be lucky if he found driftwood.
With how many handfuls of sunscreen Clint had just slapped onto his back, Bruce could probably just smear it around and cover everything.
“Well, Wade, why don’t you join us for lunch? We’d love to get to know you and if you’re friends with Peter, you must like hot dogs,” Cap told the man, his eyes glancing in Peter’s direction.
"Who is this Jane Foshter?" Doom loomed over him, his scowly face mask about two inches from Clint's nose. "Tell me!"
Tony gave him a covert thumbs up just before Peter returned with a bright yellow backpack slung over one shoulder. Unzipping it, he pulled out a notebook and a little pencil case and sat them on the table in front of Tony.
Peter gave a little chuckle, feeling strangely relieved he didn’t have to keep up that particular lie.
Peter mirrored his move, leaping in front of Tony to catch the frisbee before it could reach him. Tony snorted behind him.
"Displeased? Hell yeah I'm 'displeased!' Whatever happened to part of 'the team?' Huh? You guys just left me in some creepy warehouse!" As he came closer, they could see that his normal purple outfit was ripped and dirty—like he had been rolling through mud. "Where IS everyone?"
Tony rubbed his forehead. He needed coffee before dealing with this. Still, he put on a smile and waved since Peter had to be here if Wade was.
They wobbled on the surface. Grabbing the edge of the kayak, Tony quickly glanced over, watching the shape glide around in a big circle and start back their way. A shark—it actually was a shark. This place really was a tropical cliche...
"Huh. I bet he does. He probably just sneaks 'em when nobody's looking. You know, last time I swung by his house, there weren't any flies there," he muttered suspiciously, rushing down the stairs with surprising ease. They arrived at the basement door and he sat her down gently, still talking. "...Aunt May's tuna salad."
“Stalking? What? No!” Wade waved both his hands quickly. “No, dudes, look—I’ll come clean.” He moved up close to them, hunching down to whisper. “He tracks me like all the time! It’s a thing we do. It shows how much we care.”
“Hey, I was about to go looking for you,” he said, trying to be good-natured about it. To say Wade had a short attention span was putting it lightly. He’d probably gotten distracted by something for most of his time away, then grabbed twigs on his way back because he remembered that’s why he left in the first place. Or something. “Think you can make a better s’more than me?”
Doom offered a metal-plated hand to the blond, standing up straight and looking rather imposing in the process. "Come with me."
From his perspective, that guy was the obvious fake. It made sense for him to be making weird faces when he was about to be discovered. Clint happily realized that he would be sleeping in his own bed soon enough…maybe even with Bruce.
The interior of the cabin he had opened first was all white and blue like the outside, giving it a decidedly beach-y feel.
"I..." More kicked puppy, he thought, mustering a very long face, eyes turned downward. "Do you love Jane?"
"Look, we went out, waited for the shop to open, he freaked out, we came back and he freaked out again." All true. Ish.
"I think you're confusing me with the other guy, there, Barton." Bruce gave a small, wry smile, biting into a second donut.
“Good god, DAD, I’m alright!” Clint growled, trying to pull his arm away in vain. Cap was super strong and Clint was super tired. Bad mix.
“Of course,” Clint agreed with a shrug, sticking a hand out toward Bruce and grinning. “You’re way smarter than me.”
"Better watch out, I'm a pretty mean shot with these things," he said, snagging Wade by the arm and kind of pulling him toward the beach. Oh, boy, Peter must have caught onto how the two of them were acting, or looking, or... There had to be SOME reason he wanted to talk to Cap in private.
Clint looked eager to leave, but leaned on Bruce instead. He seemed to be lost in thought for a moment.
“NOW?” Hawkeye growled, shaking off Steve’s hand. “I’m busy.” Turning on his heel, he disappeared back out of the room.
It made a strange old radio sound as Clint waved it over the ground experimentally. Hopefully those got louder when it passed above something metal.
“It really did,” Matt whispered from Peter’s other side, watching Cap lower the kayak into the water with a splash. “Is Thor on standby?”
“I’d like to think that Peter isn’t that sneaky,” Steve told him over his shoulder, blue eyes only briefly passing in Tony’s direction. “He was definitely eager to spend time with them when they aren’t all fighting crime.”
Thor? What was THOR doing here? Peter was about to tell Wade to retreat back up the hill when he looked down and noticed that the arrow’s fletching was purple. There was only one guy he’d ever met who used purple arrows, but he was too good of a shot to miss this bad…
First Peter was dating Deadpool, and now the super villains were starting to show up. This was going great.
Instead of an explosion, like Loki had expected, there was a sizzling sound. The arrow splattered on contact, spraying the door with some kind of acid. It didn't seem to be working, but after a few seconds, it started to eat a hole through. Large chunks of the door fell away, leaving a very dark tunnel to the hall outside.
Peter sighed and shook his head. "Man, why do they have to assume I'm partners with Deadpool? And they make us sound like we're VENOM or something!"
A dunk in water was all he needed to clear his thoughts. With how dodgy he was, Bruce was probably straight too.
"Ahh—y-you did that on purpose," Tony hissed, laughing despite himself. "Twist, you've gotta twist."
“Oh, I called him about an hour ago. Seemed like he was having a good time,” Matt explained, extending an arm out toward Steve.
“Love is not for me. It never will be,” he said after a moment, sliding his feet off of the other chair and sitting up again. Glancing at Peter’s coffee, Loki put on a careful smile. “This was nice. If you get sick of your overly heroic allies, you are welcome to come over here. We’re doing something called minefield tonight, if you’re interested. Oh, and you can bring your boyfriend.”
Waiting until they had flown out a bit, Cap pressed a quick kiss to Tony’s cheek before heading out.
"I think we should all go to the living room, order some Chinese food, and figure this out on a full stomach." Clint patted Thor's hulking arms gingerly.
"Sounds like a problem they could fix pretty easy if they just talked it out. Like adults," he added pointedly, looking off the side of the kayak into the shining blue water. There were probably sharks down there somewhere. It was kind of funny that that was the least of his worries right now.
"Bruce!" The real Hawkeye rushed past him to grab Bruce's shoulders. "Whoa, calm down buddy!" He looked into the scientist's eyes, speaking softly. "Calm down. Deep breath. It’s alright. Just a flesh wound at the worst."
By the time his finger breaches Tony’s entrance again, there is no shriek or desperate struggle to get away from him. Tony’s eyes are still closed, and his body writhes as much as it can with the allowances given by his restraints, but his moans are soft now, and deep.
“I’m here,” he murmurs against the shell of his ear. His free hand cups Tony’s face and strokes his cheek gently in time with the hand on his cock. “I’m here, Tony, and I won’t leave you.”
“I could…” Tony swallows. “I could help. Steve.” When he doesn’t react, Tony, pushes on. “Just … get the restraints off, Steve. Please. I can
Patience is always important in the battlefield, but Steve doesn’t like thinking about it that way. Lovemaking isn’t a battle and Tony isn’t his enemy.  He kisses Tony’s inner thigh and wonders if this is what it would be like to worship something. Slow and careful, mindful of every sound and move Tony makes. His sobs, his pleas, his gasps that Steve thought had been lost forever.
At the lakeside, it’s like nothing ever happened to the world. And maybe that’s because the world doesn’t matter out here. Should the sky fall or governments fail or heroes die, the lake will be here, rippling and silent, just as it always has been.
Steve mouths at the underside of Tony’s jaw, acutely aware of the body trembling beneath him. The medicine makes him soft and sweet to the touch even when he pushes Steve away.
It’s not until Steve bites the V of Tony’s abdomen, cheek brushing against his untouched cock, that Tony’s mouth finally falls open in a shuddering gasp.
Harsh panting meets his ears, and when he glances up, Tony’s eyes are closed tight. Sensations are heightened when sight is taken away, so Steve lets himself believe it’s a good sign. It needs to be a good sign. Tony needs to want this as much as he does.
The hospital is fairly isolated from communication lines and media outlets, so current news doesn’t manage to filter into Tony’s recovery period. Steve sends a small message out to the medical staff with a warning to keep it that way. He doesn’t want Tony stressed about things he can’t change during his convalescence. Knowing him, he would probably find a way to blame himself for events that occurred while he wasn’t even around.
There are crumbs caught up on his bottom lip. They catch Steve’s eye, taunting him, and he thinks about nights spent alone after Thanos won. The accusation of the silence and phantom eyes that tell him
Hope flutters, and he smiles encouragingly as he straightens up. “That’s right, Tony. Do you know where you are?”
And Steve looks at Tony. Tony, who’s still weak, who’s still aching, who looks old and tired and desperate, and he shakes his head. “I know, Tony. God, I know. But you’ve done your fair share. All you need to do now is rest. That’s all we want from you.”
Tony moans behind tightly shut lips, and his voice already sounds broken. He’s exquisite, lying back on the sheets, his arms spread out on either side, wrists tied securely with a length of rope that disappears under the bed. His legs are open wide and held that way by the regular restraints, although adjusted in length, attached to the bedframe’s legs.
The entire room is dedicated to Tony. It’s a separate place where Steve proves how much he needs him. They make love in Tony’s bedroom, but this room that Steve has put together is where he can
, Tony. You don’t…” He flails for an answer, before he forces the calm to take over and he smiles. He crouches in front of Tony, says, “Tony, you’re confused.
He closes his eyes and rocks in and out of Tony, a strange contentment taking hold of him. When Tony shouts at a brush to his prostate, Steve quickly angles himself to hit it more consistently, but otherwise makes no other move. Satisfaction blooms at the whimpers and keens that reach his ears, and he kisses the crown of Tony’s head.
Tony’s shriek lights fire in his blood, and Steve’s heart pounds in his ears. The music in the background floats through his mind, curling against his emotions until he wants to weep with longing and affection.
Pushing inside Tony is a little harder than necessary. His muscles hug Steve’s cock tightly, punching the air out of his lungs, but he keeps his hold on Tony’s hips steady. He bottoms out eventually, balls brushing against Tony’s ass.
“But then you came back … and I realized.” Into the shell of Tony’s ear, he whispers, “My life had just begun.”
“It was,” Steve muses idly, careful in the knowledge that the decimation is fresher in Tony’s mind than it is for the rest of them. To him, Thanos had defeated them only a few weeks ago. For the rest of the universe, it’s been a little over a year now. “It’s gotten better. Not by much, but still.” He shrugs.
Steve doesn’t know anyone named Peter, but he moves forward anyway, awkwardly taking Tony into his arms as much as he can despite the restraints. He’s calmer now, so maybe it would be safe to take them off in a minute or two. He isn’t sure, though – Tony weeps openly, and the hysteria from before might not be too far behind.
Hobbies are good, he thinks, and is reminded of a charcoal set in one of the spare rooms that he never really made into his own workshop – he’d started a long time ago, but never came around to completing it. There are paints there, and brushes and blank canvasses he bought after the decimation but never had the heart to fill in. There’s even a professional camera, because Nat mentioned once before that maybe he’d like to try other kinds of art.
When Tony is hard again – but still sobbing, why won’t he stop sobbing? – Steve tries again. More thoughtfully this time.
In the next few hours, Steve braces himself for anything. Any state of mind that might greet him when the sedatives wear off and Tony wakes up again. The nurses try talking him into going home once, after visiting hours were over, telling him he needs to at least eat something, but he doesn’t go. He can’t. What if Tony isn’t there when he gets back? What if a complication occurs while he’s out? What if he wakes up screaming again?
His voice drops into a growl, and Tony freezes like some prey animal. Steve softens his stance and tries to speak more gently.
Once Steve has secured Tony back onto the bed, noting the different locks he’ll need now while carrying him, he kisses his forehead tenderly.
The gag fits perfectly into his mouth, just like Steve thought it would. The ring isn’t adamantium, but it’s strong enough not to be crushed by Tony’s jaw if he tries to force it shut. Steve straps it into place and leans back to admire his handiwork.
“You know I can’t do that,” Steve says, with a sad shake of his head. “Tony.” His heart hurts to remember. “You tried to leave me.”
But there are things in the universe that are immutable, and try as he might, Steve will always need Tony.
He leans forward and licks the crumbs off Tony’s lip. He watches brown eyes widen, and when Tony’s jaw drops, Steve surges and licks into his mouth, tasting and nibbling and he’s so warm and soft. Pliant. Real.
He smiles, wiping away the lone tear that tracks down Tony’s face with his finger. “I know. Now, rest.”
Steve comes on him, over his abdomen and chest, and Tony’s cock is straining and red, the cock ring keeping him from reaching his release.
He licks Tony’s rim, tracing the muscle with his tongue and feeling it flutter at the foreign sensation. Tony moans somewhere above him, and it’s a deep, breathy sound devoid of the pain that was present earlier. Steve lets him have that, the time to adjust to the foreign sensation. And the thought appeals to him, that Tony, despite whatever the media has said about his playboy tendencies over the years, has never done this with someone before.
Tony’s scream melts into a long, equally muffled wail as he comes inside Steve’s mouth. He swallows dutifully, licking the droplets off his lips.
Maybe he shouldn’t have used his finger? He hasn’t done this with anyone, didn’t have the time for it before the decimation or during the war and no one wanted him before he was Captain America, and he had no interest in sex after the decimation and he moved out into the middle of nowhere for a reason, damnit.
“I thought he was getting better,” Steve croaks to the psychiatrist. They’re in the office. Tony is under sedation after waking up in the hospital in hysterics again.
If it was anyone else, Steve might have believed it. But Tony is wily, and still not entirely convinced that he belongs here, even if he hasn’t said so since that first week after his escape, when he realized no one would believe such a thing.
Steve leans back on his chair at Tony’s bedside and squeezes his eyes shut. The steady, if slightly grating, beat of the heart monitor grounds him, makes the echoes of Tony’s screams just a few minutes before, a little more distant.
damnit – but there’s there's a cleansing feeling to it as the tears pour out. Tony is silent as he leans into his warmth, and Steve clings to him.
Silk ties bind his wrists above his head as he rests on the padded table. His legs have been drawn up and tied so they stay bent at the knee. There’s nothing keeping them apart, and he closes them even as he shifts, and the plug inside his ass moves with him.
“No!” The roar makes Tony jump, but he can’t find it in himself to feel sorry for it. “You were going to leave, weren’t you?” he hisses. “Admit it, Tony. You’ve been making escape plans every since the hospital,
“Tony, it’s not safe outside, and you’re injured,” he says, calmly, palms raised outwards. “So, when you went missing – I panicked. You can understand that, can’t you?”
But Tony scoffs. “Of course, I fucking know. Who else did I fight on Titan with that Strange guy and the Guardians of the Universe – or something.”
One day, he thinks as he strokes Tony’s erection – one day, he’ll fuck Tony’s mouth through that gag. One day, Tony will let him.
Steve reaches inside his pocket to fiddle at the little remote, and Tony’s head falls back on the cushions as the plug hums inside him. His hips pump helplessly into the air, and his dick twitches even though he’d only come a few minutes ago.
, his mind sneers. He’s never thought meanly of Tony’s old PA before, but he’s glad she was part of the population dusted by the decimation. He thinks of her touching Tony, loving Tony, being the one walking down the aisle and making him smile for the rest of his life.
. An alert is sent out to all of the floors, to the security and staff, and Steve tears through the building to the quick beat of
Steve presses his palm against the vibrator, listens to the uncontrollable sobbing that wracks Tony’s chest as he does. The toy presses up against his prostate, and with Steve adding pressure to it…
“It’s getting better every day,” Steve promises while Tony chews unhappily. “They’re rebuilding, Tony. They’re recovering.”
When he takes the cock ring away and strokes Tony to his release, when Steve fills him with his own, and they lie together, gag undone, Steve holds him close. And for the first time since Thanos, since the ice, since the day his Ma died – feels complete.
“I’m so sorry,” Steve whispers, brokenly. He’s never quite seen Tony cracked open like this before, and the feeling of relief at not having to guess Tony’s emotional state wars with the hatred of seeing him so broken down. “I’m sorry, Tony. I know you did everything you could.”
At the time, he’d taken his survival to be his penance. A sort of karma from the universe, for killing Tony in a time and place that felt like a lifetime away.
His hands snakes under Tony’s sweater - he's always cold these days - to spread across the expanse of his stomach. His body always runs hot, but Tony shivers all the same.
It's slow, and the changes are small, but Tony’s skin loses some of its pallor as he’s exposed to more sunlight. The vitamins help him gain a little weight. He’s still a far cry from the man Steve first met, but he’s starting to accept that he’ll never be the same way he was before and all it implies, and takes what he gets.
Tony’s eyes have that familiar glazed look when Steve unties the blindfold. The gag comes off, too, and so do the ties and the vibrator. The drugs keep Tony from moving too much, and he simply lies back on the table, too exhausted to move or cover himself in some way.
Five days later, he finds Tony on the bathroom floor with his blood on the tiles, one of their small hunting knives in hand.
Watching Tony writhe, a small heat pools deep inside him, and he sharply puts his attention back on feeding him.
Moving away from civilization, into the woods, had been Steve’s self-imposed exile. Okoye had invited him to stay at Wakanda, but he couldn’t bear to live in the country where he'd lost their most important battle. And besides, Wakanda had had enough of its own troubles without putting him up as well.
“Where are the others?” Tony suddenly asks. He looks better now, a healthier flush in his cheeks and just a little more weight on his slight frame. A long time ago, Tony’s motor mouth was a point of annoyance for Steve; these days, hearing his voice is so rare that he’s loath to leave the question unanswered.
Tony’s head is thrown back, eyes glazed with bliss and puffy from his tears. Jaw slack around the gag, hair wild, and drool spilling out of his mouth, he is utterly debauched. Steve stares at him, enraptured by the image. It feels like something from an old painting, and a feeling of reverence washes over him.
“I’m trusting you with this,” Steve tells him as he secures the ankle tracker. The lock mechanism, like all of the exits to their home, will only release with his thumbprint. Some might say that a tracking chip under his skin would be wiser, but he wouldn’t put it past Tony to just tear it out – it isn’t as if he’s not used to pain. The ankle tracker is built to be more secure with a number of fail safes a chip wouldn’t have.
He’s flushed and naked, spread out like a sacrifice. Steve’s mouth is dry as he pries Tony’s legs apart.
Tony’s wrists and ankles are bound to the bedframe to keep him from hurting himself. He’d struggled so wildly earlier, scratching at the medical staff, screaming obscenities and accusations at Steve.
Tony’s cock is only half hard and twitching, and Steve licks it gently. Then again and again until Tony is gasping and panting above him. Kitten licks turn into more languid strokes of his tongue, up and down, until he hears a high keen. The hands on Tony’s thighs ground him just a bit as he sucks gently on Tony’s balls before turning his attention back to his cock. He kisses it idly before finally taking the tip into his mouth and pressing his tongue lightly on the slit.
Steve sucks and licks and bites his way down Tony slowly. His hands spread across the bare olive-toned skin, memorizing the planes and scars that make up the topography of Tony’s warm body.
It’s a curious thing, to be rejected. It’s a curious thing to have been so kind and giving and loving, then thrown away. It burns into a dark cloud, thunder and lightning as Steve stands in front of Tony, looking down at him.
Three fingers, and Tony makes sharp little noises. Steve slides them in and out at a steady pace, delighting at how they move so easily, and this time, he’s the one groaning.
"That poor guy's been cooped up all week—Bruce's working on some paper," Tony replied drolly. "NOT my idea, for the record, and he's not alone. Hawkeye's keeping his hawk eyes on him."
“Peter, why’d you follow us? This was a secret mission from day one. And…” He glanced down at the red and blue costume. “Did you bring any spare clothes?”
"For a minute, you sounded like you meant it," Bruce said quietly, running his fingers through his hair to get more of the dust out of it. He wiped a smudge across one cheek by accident with the back of his hand, looking at the floor in front of him. What a mess.
"Hm?" Apparently, he was still awake. The blue eyed man looked up at him, sighing. "Yeah. I knew you were like Doom."
"Uhhh," Peter mumbled, painfully aware of both Cap's and Tony's gazes on his back. Or maybe Wade's. It felt like spotlights were on them. Jeez, did Wade have a crush on Cap? Peter didn't want to hear about that if he did!
Finishing up another batch of waffles, Cap was annoyed that he had so much batter left. He had things he had to check on.
The archer wrapped his other arm around Thor's neck, watching as the city below them sped past. "Um, he was last seen at the South Mountain reservation," he called over the wind, rain and thunder—squinting to keep at least some of the rain out of his eyes.
What was he supposed to say? He hadn’t really had a man like him—not one he cared to talk to. Bruce seemed okay, but Clint still felt like he didn’t know him.
Great, the chatterbox guy was coming along. He led the way to his and Bruce’s room, holding the door for all three of them to come in. As quietly as he could, he shut the door and clicked the lock into place. Stepping around them, he took a seat on the floor beside Bruce.
“I…think we should find cover. Maybe we can set the boat against some rocks and make a lean-to.” His heart wasn’t in his words at all, but he pushed on, lifting Tony’s hands off of his shoulders. “I’ll move the boat.”
Deciding that he'd feigned doing Important Things long enough, Tony stopped typing on the keyboard and turned to face Steve, mustering up a laugh.
Staring down at him, Steve took a second to weigh if Tony was being serious or if he was just messing with Cap. He decided it was the latter and shook his head, glancing to check on his presumably burnt waffle.
They arrived to find the door standing open. The table with its bloodstains and dangling straps was sitting just as they'd left it. The synthesizer for the cure...was blinking a red light.
Spitting out sand, Clint coughed into his arm. He’d awakened with a start—and a POUNDING headache—belly down on the beach. The sun was already up, and he was dismayed to see lots of people walking around. Thankfully, he was laying in a little alcove of sorts. Still spitting out grit, he was considering standing when he noticed there was a body beside him.
“Oh, no, no.” Cap shook his head, growing shy. “I have a recipe card.” He turned and picked up a worn little index card, showing it to them with a smile. “I don’t cook that much, to be honest.”
The 'doctor's' eyes were an inviting brown. Warm. Intelligent. Very nice, though they were much better when they turned green. Imagining all the damage that could be had with the Hulk at his command, the Jotun allowed himself a wistful sigh.
Somehow, it always managed to be Tony's life on the line—it was almost like he planned it. The First Avenger felt a pang of guilt. It was all because of the cure that Tony had even rigged himself up to the wall like that.
Tony probably knew a thing or two about feeling ill, with the state his health was usually in. Not that he tended to brag about that. It was probably the one thing he didn't brag about, actually.
"Hell no!" Clint growled, stepping back from them. "I'll stay here but I'm not going into a cell. No way!"
"There are a bunch of little sandbars and rocks and stuff that flags can go on," Peter explained, showing Cap and Tony one of the maps. The dark-haired man squinted at the little cartoon tents on the side of it and looked about ready to comment, then thought better of it. Peter handed Steve the map and stepped to the side, waving at the shopping bag of flags he and Hawkeye and Dr. Banner had bought and assembled earlier. With their flower print and crayons for flag posts, they were bright and colorful.
"Uh. Think I could borrow your shirt until we get back to the cabin to cover up?" Bruce asked tiredly. "This is a new one on me. I can't remember the last time I lost a whole outfit that wasn't because of the Hulk."
It was just past six when they arrived. There were already a bunch of people milling around in camp, using a fancy espresso machine powered off of a generator.
"Uh...well, Hawkeye spends more time with Bruce than the rest of us," Tony explained over the come. "Usually reasoning with the big guy's pretty pointless, but I guess Hawkeye's got the touch."
“This article,” Tony flipped through the paper again, holding up an alarming picture toward Steve, “says that you and I are dating because you say my name a lot!”
"I'll take care of all of that," the billionaire said, a bit exasperated. He held up a hand. "Listen, guys, Doom's probably got Steve naked strapped to a table somewhere, and not in the good way. It's been over an hour since I left—we don't have time for chit-chat!"
"Is it strange to anybody but me that Wade and Peter act like Matt gets the final word on everything? Don't answer that," he told Cap, sighing. "Look, I trust your judgment..." He hesitated for a moment, wishing he could elaborate on that but knowing, KNOWING that Daredevil was somewhere nearby eavesdropping. "...So I guess those two are sticking around and we're having a boat race. Please tell me there's a pot of coffee waiting for me in the kitchen."
What was he doing? He could easily escape. But not without that arrow! If Stark really had managed to create something that disabled him this much—even in one small spot—he had to destroy all traces of it! With his head beginning to clear, he relaxed.
He settled for standing beside him and dropping his voice to a whisper as soon as Clint marched off indignantly to find more rocks for the ring.
"Only Tony can scan him like he did for you and the other Hawkeye," he told the blonde quietly, looking up at him. "In his armor. He can't do that until the power's back on or Cap's cure is done, though."
Tony added coffee grounds and water to the percolator and sat it in place on the rack over the fire.
“Peter, I’ve been in love with him for a year,” Cap confessed to him, trying not to sound too offended.
Thor, he realized rather uncomfortably, hadn't looked away either. The thunder god turned and picked up the blanket from the couch after a moment—then wrapped it around Loki's shoulders and hugged him warmly. No comment, just the hug, and he didn't seem likely to let go any time soon.
“If we try to keep them away it’ll be really obvious we planned this whole thing,” Peter pointed out. “I’m a little worried about them, so honestly I hope they’re paddling in like normal.” He turned and headed for the cabin door to see for himself. If the Avengers co-leaders were still fighting, it would probably be pretty easy to tell from the looks on their faces, even at a distance.
“I like to think so,” Cap told him uneasily, looking out at the waves as they swirled to catch the moonlight. The beach was so calm that it felt surreal.
“Have you gone positively insane?” Steve shouted. “What is in that drink that is making you say all these stupid things?”
“I was at the farm, Tony. Clint wasn’t there. But he asked me to do some things around there so it would hold up against the storms they announced.” Steve insisted as he took the book from his nightstand and started reading, not looking in Tony’s direction again.
Steve looked adorably confused if Tony could say so himself. The only thing that he was missing was a tilted head and a moving tail.
“When, Tony?!? You’re never fucking here?” Steve shouted back, not being able to keep quiet anymore.
Bucky wiped the tears that were still falling down Steve’s face and slowly maneuvered him back into bed before quickly getting in bed and gathering Steve in his arms and holding him there.
“Oh, but I do! I’m done with this and I’m done with you being a bitch over every little thing I do!”
“Jarvis, where is Tony?” Steve asked as he woke up  to find that the other side of the bed was yet again unmade. He frowned as he waited for an answer and got up to shower. This was starting to happen too often for his liking. “Mr. Stark had to leave for Paris in the middle of the night for a meeting”, Jarvis informed him calmly. “Meeting? What meeting could he have in Paris in the middle of the night that he had no prior knowledge of?”. “That, I do not know, Sir.”
Before Steve had a chance to say what he thought, Tony cut him off. “Well, maybe we should change that.”
“I don’t know, Steve. What I do know is that you haven’t been sleeping at home in almost two weeks and you’ve been helping our team mate that has yet to return and confirm your story. Pretty convenient for you, isn’t it?” Tony said as he looked Steve in the eye. He could see the clouds gathering in Steve’s eyes and his heart hurt.
“What do you mean wrong? Gimme that, Barton!” Tony barked as he snatched the phone from his hand and quickly put in the code only to be met with the same message of “Try again” that Clint got.
“What are you talking about?!? You’re exaggerating as always, Stark. Of course you’ve seen my face!” Steve said and it was his turn to feel Tony tense in his arms.
Tony tried again the same code as Clint was rambling about what combinations him and Sam had tried to unlock the phone, all the while ignoring Steve’s desperate attempts of getting his phone back.
“Not that I’m complaining, but what’s gotten into you?” Tony said as he was trying to catch his breath after their lovemaking.
“Hey, Steve, uhm… Do you have anything to tell me?” the brunette asked his lover as he pressed the button for the common floor of their tower.
It took Bucky a few moments to figure out what Steve was trying to say. “No, no, no, baby. I’m sorry, ok. I should have told you. I worried you for nothing. It was just a couple of drinks to decompress. Come on, up with you!”
“Are you out of your tiny frozen fucking mind? When did I say that, you bastard?!? I told you twice that I wasn’t fucking complaining but that I was merely curious!” Tony yelled as he also got out of bed, but kept the sheets around him.
“Oh really? When was that? When I was bent over in my lab? When I braced the shower wall? Or the door to our bedroom? Or the couch in our living room? The shower bench in the communal shower? The backseat of my car? You want me to go on?” Tony snapped. “As I said, I wasn’t complaining, you asshole, I was just curious where your new interest in the back of my head came from!”
He shook his head and turned his gaze back on the casket as it finally hit the bottom of the grave. He hoped it was the face in the picture that people would remember when they thought of Sharon Carter and not the face of an underweight, matted hair and dull eyed, cocaine addict that they were in the process of burying now.
The brunette frowned as he picked up the pack of cigarettes that had fallen out of the jacket he was holding up. He bent down and grabbed the pack, his frown deepening when he opened it and saw that it only had two cigarettes missing. He slipped it into his pocket before folding the jacket over his arm and walking out of the room.
Clint smirked. “Usually, yes. This time, no. Fury called and said he needed something from your phone and was asking for you. Since I thought I knew your code, I said I would get it for him without bothering you.”
“I’m talking about this!” Tony said as he shoved the cigarettes in his direction. “Hadn’t we agreed that you try to stop smoking? This pack has just been opened! I know that the serum does a lot for you and can literally bring you back from the brink of death, but if I quit drinking for you, I was expecting you to do the same with your smoking for me. Tit for tat and all that shit, Captain!”
“Uhm…They’re…Uhm…They’re Nat’s. Yeah, Nat’s” he said, almost proud that he had come up with that answer so quick.
At that, Tony stopped walking, making Steve bump into his back. “What happened?” Steve asked him as he side stepped him.
Tony’s second eyebrow went up. “Since when is Nat smoking Camel Lights? And for the record, if they’re Nat’s, how did they end up in your possession?”
Steve sat up, nearly hyperventilating and silently crying. No, this couldn’t happen again. Not with Bucky. If this failed as well…
“I was driving around the country side and saw these in a field and I remembered you always loved when I brought you some when I came back from a mission. So here they are, 70 years too late, but here.”
Late hours that turned to late days that turned to forgotten dinners that turned to pointing the blame at one another that turned into full blown fights that turned to him flying out the window and never coming back.
“Thank you!” the blonde beamed before putting a hand on the brunette’s back and guiding him inside the elevator.
“Where have you been, Tony?” Steve asks as he turns on the light in their bedroom to see Tony stumble inside the room, drunk off his ass and smelling so much like whiskey that Steve could smell him from the bed.
“Look, Thor…This is not going to happen. I will not leave the Avengers because you expect me to what? Stay home and iron your capes? Have you gone mental? You did not say anything about this when we started our relationship and I don’t appreciate you coming out of nowhere with requests of me quitting my job and my duty.”
“How would you know? Huh? Who died and put you in charge of me, Popsicle?!? Maybe I’m tired of all this bullshit between us. I’m never enough for you. Tony do this, Tony do that! Oh, and your absolute favorite, Tony, don’t do that!”
“Clint left on a mission a few hours after you left the tower and has yet to return, Steve. Fury sent him and Peter to London. There was no farm. So I ask again, Steve. Where have you been for the last week and a half?”
“Uhm…I believe she mentioned something about promising Clint she would stop smoking or something.” Steve said as they exited the elevator and were met with a cacophony of noises coming from the living room.
Tony couldn’t help but burst into laughter along with the rest of the Avengers. As he laughed, he couldn’t help but feel that something was wrong. The room did smell of Camel Lights, but the smell wasn’t coming from Natasha who was sitting next to him.
“Right now, I don’t know either, Rogers. Enjoy the fucking couch, asshole!” Tony said as he walked around Steve and into the bathroom, slamming the door closed behind him.
“Don’t get cute with me, Buck. Where the fuck were you? The others were back hours ago.” Steve snapped as he watched Bucky calmly change out of his gear and into a pair of pajamas.
“A break from what? And if you needed a damn break, why not say so? Why not say Hey, asshole, I’m going under the grid for two weeks, goodbye. Why lie? And keep lying when I asked you about it?” Tony ranted, his hands flying around as he tried to comprehend when and how his relationship turned to shit.
Clint went over and poured himself a mug full, swigging it. Halfway through swallowing, he noted it was cold, but that didn’t stop him.
Okay. He’d known that already, right? Spidey was apparently in a throuple situation. But good God, in front of Cap and Tony? Was Daredevil suicidal?
Captain America didn't stop Clint, though. They all headed down to the basement, the injured man in the lead, gingerly stepping down each step. He seemed determined to find his other self.
Cap led Matt to the fireside, helping him to sit on a chair before he turned his attention to Dr. Banner.
“He’s the person I’m looking for,” the man told them. “If you know where’s he’s camping, I don’t suppose you’d point me in that direction?”
"Yeaaah, not gonna happen." Tony shook his head. "You don't get it, do you? 'Til we figure out which one's really you, neither of you can be trusted, so you're staying here and you're staying locked up. We can handle this. Jarvis can keep an eye on you."
The Hulk paused for a minute like he was listening to something. He snickered, crossing his arms over his giant chest.
"You suit up, be ready to head out any time," Tony called after her brightly. Turning back to Clint, he grinned. "You and Thor can go look for Bruce, you just have to wear a tracking device. Comprende?"
"Have you ever been here before?" Pepper hurried after him, gesturing down the hallway. "I know somebody's in the medical room. Let's check there, okay?"
Peter looked at him sidelong and slowly lowered the hotdog away from his mouth rather than taking another bite.
If nothing else, at least they'd accomplished this much. They knew who the real Clint was, and they had a cure for Cap. Hopefully it actually worked.
"Tony," Captain America said, stepping up next to his friend. "What happened...with H-Hulk? Footprints in the y-yard?"
"It really is an unbelievable sight," Peter agreed. He turned and handed the frisbee to Tony. "Here, uh, go throw that at Wade, let me talk to Cap for a sec."
Cap sat back up a bit. He couldn't sleep. Not yet. Gazing across the room at Tony, he couldn’t help being concerned. The billionaire was being suspiciously nice. Maybe the virus was worse than he let on?
“Nonono!” Peter whispered, webbing the pistol with a shot so that it couldn’t fire. It sort of webbed up Wade’s hand as well, but too bad. “I just heard Thor talking a minute ago, didn’t you?” What were the chances that the Avengers just happened to go camping in the same spot that he and Wade did? Were Cap and Tony so concerned with his safety that they maybe followed him here…? It didn’t make sense one way or another, the guys weren’t that overprotective back in the city.
"I think I already know what you're going to say," he sighed, sifting sand through his fingers. "Hulk hasn't ever had a connection with anybody the way he does with you. Well, except..." A dark expression moved through his eyes like a cloud passing over the sun, and he shook his head, focusing intently on the sand in his hands. "No, actually, not even then."
Then he smiled over at Bruce, saying quietly, "Good idea." He seemed to be in a much better mood now that he was warm and stuffing his face. His cheeks were very rosy though.
“That was why he insisted I had to come back to camp,” Bruce replied wearily. He shook his head and gave a wry smile. “Thor thinks I’ll catch a chill. Isn’t that funny?”
“That sounds good to me. Here,” Cap stepped up and knelt down with his back to Tony. “Let me carry you. The steps up to the cabin are solid stone—if you slipped, you’d break your neck.”
“Take me to the trail. I bet I can track them.” No wonder he’d been staying bundled up—he was missing both his shirt and his shoes under there, and looked like he’d been walking barefoot through the mud! Had the Hulk paid a visit while they were distracted?
“Swings both ways?” Cap asked slowly, trying to think of what it meant on his own. After a long pause and some squinting, he gave up. “Um, I suppose,” he said uncertainly, clearing his throat. “I’ll talk to him again and see if I can at least get a name. That would be a good place to start.”
A little sound outside drew Tony’s attention back to the present, and he groaned, rubbing a hand over his face. Coffee, that’s what he needed. Coffee and for somebody to reassure him that Peter’s camping trip with Deadpool was just two guys camping out platonically, as friends, no super-powered chaperone necessary.
Quirking an eyebrow, Steve tried to think of a more polite term. Any shortened version of homosexual sounded much worse, in his opinion. It was hard enough to defend the new America without getting lost in all the terms that people used to hate each other. If Tony thought that ‘homosexual’ sounded old, than there was no way that ‘queer’ would be acceptable.
The grumbly stream of consciousness thoughts drifted through Tony’s head until they reached the opposite shore. One step at a time. Step one, get Peter and the others back to camp.
“Tch, they’ll love me! As soon as Papa Stark finds out about my bathtub full of money, he’ll be all ‘oh, Deadpool, you have our blessing!”
"Hey, Clint..." Bruce said, pulling his attention back to the present. He was looking at Clint thoughtfully, brown eyes scanning over his neck and shoulders.
For a few minutes, the sounds of the storm filled the air. The waves crashed and rolled, thunder rumbling, rain splashing and splattering on the kayak top with every gust of wind. Finally, Tony’s voice came from under the kayak.
Wait. Naked Bruce. The scientist had borrowed some of Clint’s clothes yesterday, so they hadn't been stretchy. If Bruce turned big and green...
"Get my motorcycle to the garage Jarvis--I'm going after him," the blond man said, standing up unsteadily.
"Hulk kind of agrees with you. I shouldn't be surprised, but I am. Tony Stark is famous for being a playboy, at least the rest of the world sure thinks so." He sighed, rubbing sunscreen into his neck and then bowing his head to put it on his face and ears. "Maybe it's even worse than that--maybe Cap tried asking him out and got turned down."
“It kind of sounds like a bad joke,” Bruce replied dryly, crossing his arms. His gaze flicked to Clint, his eyes far greener than his steady tone gave away, and then he focused on Cap and Tony again.
“Oh hey!” Wade greeted cheerfully, waving the bloodied hand that had been holding his wound. “Weird running into you guys here!”
The brunette only made the mistake of glancing back to find that hideous disguise two inches from his face once before setting his gaze straight ahead out the train door over the heads of the other passengers.
Yeah, cause that wasn’t ominous, Clint thought darkly as he trailed after Bruce. Cap was gonna start using his dad voice any second.
Loki vaguely hoped that he had more blood than a normal mortal, or he would have to agree that sleeping right now would probably end badly.
The last was added in a sagely tone, like he might actually be trying to warn them. Cap sure didn’t buy it.
“Oof! Thanks,” Tony managed, muffled by his shoulder. Despite himself, he sounded a little less grumpy now.
Cap rotated in his seat, squishing Clint against the door. Without comment, he gave the door a firm kick to try and free it from its hinges. The cab door bent outward, but did not pop open. The driver punched a button on the dash, then, and the road in front of them seemed to lift up like a hatch. They sped right down under it, down some kind of ramp. The walls of this new tunnel were pretty close to the car.
"Owwy," Deadpool mumbled, shaking his head. He sat back up. "Look, man. What does Johnny have that I don't?! I can light myself on fire if that's what it takes!" Looking around, he snagged the lighter off of the floor. "See?"
"I can only think of two people that would want T-Thor and be willing to accept help from Doctor Doom. It h-has to be Loki or Amora the Enchantress." For some reason, he felt that Amora needed her full title, while Loki—who they had dealt with more often—could be on a first name basis. He just wasn't that mysterious anymore, Steve thought curiously.
All of the tears were starting to get to Tony; he laughed through a few of his own and said, “C’mon, it should be me begging YOU to marry me, not the other way ‘round. Also yes.” Lifting Steve’s hands, he kissed them one by one, trying not to sniffle too obviously. “Can’t think of anything I’d rather do than spend the rest of my life with you.”
Snapping his walking stick over his knee, Matt folded it up and sat it down beside him, pulling on a smile as he turned to Tony.
Pepper's sympathetic look told him she didn't believe him. That, and it was a little difficult to explain why he had those strap marks on his wrists. Who'd believe he really got strapped half-naked to an observation table and only got talked to?
"It was a chemical bomb in an office building. Obviously a trap." He sighed, but it came out more like a dry gasp. "We have to find a way out of here before Doom comes to check on us."
“I wouldn’t make you put up with Wade twice in one day,” he said, smiling. “Never say never, though. Thanks for the chat, and the coffee.” Resisting the urge to make a little bow—wasn’t Loki a prince or something?—Peter turned and made his way out of the shiny expensive rows of tents, walking down the trail toward the curve of the lake. He couldn’t web-sling until he was out of Loki’s sight, and so it felt like it took a long time.
Glancing at Thor, Loki quirked an eyebrow. The doofy blond was too noble to ignore a past lover if they were being kidnapped, so no, it wouldn't mess up Doom's plans. It would be nothing but harmless fun.
“No you don’t! If I knew that you two hadn’t told anybody yet, I never would have kissed Peter,” Matt groaned. “If you go and do that, they’re really going to be worried about him.”
Stark tower had made a refreshing shadow on the sidewalks around it, and Steve had found a comfy spot on one of the many benches in the shade to read his morning newspaper. He yawned, sipping on his large coffee. It was amazing how peaceful the mornings could be. Birds were tweeting overheard, a gentle breeze blew by and people were screaming obscenities at taxi drivers in the middle of the street.
It would figure if it was Doom. Judging by their visit to the Avengers Mansion last night, the masked man had been in an abducting kind of mood lately.
"Uh. Bruce." Clint stared back at him, eyebrows raising. He put a hand over the other man's. "The sandwich shop closes at midnight... We need to get going."
Still shuffling the cards, Clint glanced over at him and chewed his lip. Man, why was Bruce so intimidating?
Tony only half-heard him, the gears still turning in his head. Oh, no. What if MATT was the guy Peter liked and couldn't tell? The guy had followed Wade all the way here from New York, and had known Peter was here too...
"Just do it," Loki told him, looking up at Bruce. It had been a long time since he’d actually been impaled by any weapon. Realizing that he had been staring into Bruce's eyes for more than a few seconds, the Jotun looked away.
Quirking his eyebrows, Cap glanced off back down the beach and then back to Peter, rubbing his neck.
"So," he echoed, looking ahead of them again. "My room's in pieces. There's a hole in the roof." The last thing he wanted to ask was if they could go to Clint's room, because THAT couldn't be taken any other way than he intended... Yet, his room was in shambles, and frankly the bits and pieces of his research everywhere were depressing to look at.
"Sharks are more active near twilight," Bruce replied mildly, running his hands over Clint's back. It stung a bit; maybe the sunscreen could've happened a LITTLE sooner. Too late now, though. "Maybe we'd better go return the metal detector before they come looking for us?"
Peter had vaguely noticed Hawkeye and Dr. Banner arriving back during his story, mostly because when they opened the door the rain had been really loud. He had to wonder where Bruce was now. Taking a nap, maybe?
“Here,” Hawkeye said, offering Tony a plastic cup. The archer had sloppily dumped a lime soda in there along with what looked like a couple of shots of tequila. He wasn’t measuring.
Calling to Thor would be pointless. Cap's voice was weak enough without yelling constantly. He waved his arms over his head instead. The demigod probably was too busy summoning lightning to notice, but it was worth a try.
Clint stretched with a phony yawn, tucking his hands behind his head and arching his back. If the stretch was supposed to wake him up, it didn't seem to work. Dropping his hands back into his pockets, he yawned yet again.
Bruce turned and slowly made his way to the couch. He still didn't seem to feel quite right. Sitting down carefully, he looked at the two Clints.
“Yeah, I do—and it’s covered in freckles,” Clint boasted, toasting Tony with a fresh drink. The blond man lowered his voice and leaned closer to Tony to whisper to him, grinning. “He must wake up outside naked a LOT. He’s got freckles ALL over the place.”
“I’ve seen your photography in the newspaper,” Loki said, glancing at the woman’s back then back to Peter. “You have a talent for exciting pictures of Spider-Man.”
“I might have stabbed him with a magic arrow,” the archer admitted, turning around to face Hulk. “Hey buddy!” He said quickly, both hands up. “Come on, you kicked her butt. Tony has to pay for this!” The blond gestured to the ruined wall.
“I’d love to try my hand at 21st century cooking,” Cap told him, smiling back at him as he went into their cabin.
"Wolverine says he's gonna blow up your house," he said conversationally. Hey, he wasn't even making it up.
"Do we have to? I'm probably just too tired to make sense, but it's kind of nice to be outside. Get some fresh air and all." He glanced up at the sky dully as the rain began to pelt down harder.
The tacklebox was much worse for wear than it was when it arrived, though. The metal box was scrunched up around the edges with giant suspiciously finger-shaped dents. Hawkeye looked both baffled and miffed as he turned to Bruce.
"Set up? I like it," Bruce said thoughtfully. He frowned and ran a hand through his hair absently. "We should rent kayaks for this. They have two-person tandem kayaks, so even to do the set up, Cap and Tony would have to paddle out there together."
"What?! But I'm Hawkeye!" Clint protested loudly, outright struggling now. Steve grabbed him and shook his head.
Doom was sitting right there. A super villain. He should be fighting him. All he had to do was wait until Tony got back, though. Steve sighed softly, slipping off into dreamland.
Apparently having Captain America at full strength wasn't much of a threat to Doctor Doom, at least not by himself. It did open up more options for Steve to try and escape, though...
It sounded like Tony might actually like him—which was so unexpected that Cap wasn’t sure what to do except quietly stand there and see what Peter wanted to talk to him about. Please, God, let it not be about Tony.
The glove gave a thumbs up sign instead of either suggestion. Then it went rocketing out the door again.
“How’d you end up in the lake? I thought you were hiking,” Cap wondered, glancing between the three of them.
The night air was nice as it blew over Clint’s face, cooling the flush from all the tequila. He was definitely still drunk, but some of his senses had started to return.
After a few half hearted once-overs of the tabletop without really looking beneath the surface layer of papers, he decided to go back to his project and not worry about it. Worrying was stressful, and he tried to avoid stress. Besides, the thing beeped and lit up, so it wasn't as if he wouldn't hear it if it rang, right?
“Uh, yep, yeah, we should find him,” Peter said quickly, blushing as he recalled how he’d felt watching Loki flirting with Matt just a few minutes before. “Hey, uh, Matt, listen. I kind of wanted to say something before we find Wade again.” He glanced down the hallway to be sure Thor and Loki weren’t still within earshot. They had already disappeared into their room again. Peter did his best not to follow where THAT train of thought was headed.
"Sure." Hawkeye looked around slowly, rubbing his neck. He spotted a small end table and went to check it for blankets.
Wow, Tony thought, Steve was really taking this marriage talk seriously. Good thing he was playing feeble and faint, or he would have to respond.
"Uh, nothing," the other responded quickly, moving his arm down on his face to cover his eyes. What HAD he wanted to talk to Thor about? In that moment, he really couldn’t remember.
"Then I'll carry you," the Hulk said in a tone that did not invite any arguments. "You struggle, you bleed."
"H-he went to the bathroom!" Loki snapped, taking a long step back from Thor. It was odd that he actually felt flustered.
"You flatter yourself, Barton. As if the rare, precious flower I seek would be so EASY to acquire as you," the masked man said glibly. "No, you are a mere pawn in my ultimate scheme of REVENGE!"
“Wow, he’s comfortable with letting us all know who he is?” Cap whispered, like it might keep Matt from hearing him.
"Might I advise you to go tell him yourself, sir?" Jarvis sounded perhaps a little offended that he had to be the middleman (even though he was a computer program, and technically that was his job.) Perhaps he knew that Iron Man was more likely to listen to Thor than to him.
Wakanda was quite advanced and dangerous. The secretive kingdom was always a trouble spot on Loki’s map for world domination. Perhaps the handsome king wasn’t a good choice for such a prank.
God, what if the team’s thunder god and big green rage monster started dating? What a time to be alive.
Doom silently put a hand against the door latch and sent a shock of green through it, pulling the door open. He gripped one of Clint's arms, hauled him through and sealed the cell shut again before Pepper could do more than sit up.
“We’ll be watching you,” Tony told Loki flatly, grabbing Steve’s arm and starting back the way they’d come. “One hint of trouble and you’re not getting away with it.”
"Okay, but what if I'm a clone?" They were in the hallway now, bare footed and padding slowly down the carpeted floor.
A distant crash sounded in the trees up the hill. It was in the direction of Wade and Peter’s campsite, as a matter of fact.
“It is not buried THAT deeply if you pay attention,” Thor told them both earnestly. He didn’t sound like he meant it in a snarky way, but Steve could see that contrary glint in Tony’s eye the second he heard it.
Peter tried covertly glancing at Wade to see if he was still spying on them. It was almost certain that he was, so Peter made sure to turn his back in case lip reading was something the guy knew. Couldn't be too careful.
"Said you should give it to me yourself," Bruce continued, bemused. "H-he seems embarrassed for some reason."
Tony looked up, nonplussed, as the God of Thunder flew off into the blue sky with Loki’s dark curls trailing out behind them.
Loki pressed down against the couch like a scared cat. There wasn’t the slimmest chance in his mind that if Hulk discovered who he truly was, he would be smashed into the couch in seconds.
That was all Tony said. Just that, and averting his eyes to the side to look at the Iron Man helmet instead of Steve. He was surprising himself with how much that comment annoyed him. 'If you were a woman.' Guess that ruled him out, then—Steve needed to go find some old-fashioned '40s lady to hook up with. No, to MARRY, actually, because people in the '40s didn't hook up.
Iron Man glanced from the prisoners to Doom, deliberating. The villain nodded once, apparently finding the proposal acceptable.
"I couldn't tell you that," Bruce sighed. He noticed Clint inching toward him, but didn't move. "I don't think he's that angry with you—or he would've gone for you instead of the scenery both times."
That was too close to a whisper for Clint and he just managed a nod before he started down the steps to the beach.
“I-I,” Wade stammered, wiping water from his hair as he calmed down, “I went out to check the kayaks to see if Thor was there, but he wasn’t. His hot girlfriend wasn’t, either. Bugs went to check the other cabin, so…” Seconds passed and then Wade held up a finger like he’d had a brilliant idea. “He must be in the other cabin!”
So Tony had rigged the Arc reactor in his chest to supply the basic systems for the mansion. It had enough power to do so for quite awhile, but he couldn't really move away from the cables hanging out of the electrical panel he'd pulled open, in the meantime.
“Has it really been that long?” He frowned and glanced back at the shore. “Good thing Hawkeye’s along, or I’d really be worried what Peter was up to with that Wade guy. At least they can’t do anything too wild and kinky with a chaperone along.” Jeez, the word ‘kinky’ didn’t belong anywhere near Peter. The kid was 17 years old, and Hawkeye was babysitting. Tired and grumpy as Clint was today (and Tony could really relate to that), armed with the knowledge that his arrows couldn’t actually kill Deadpool? Yeah, Wade was getting shot if he tried anything.
Loki smirked, waving one of the other campers over. The woman didn’t say anything, she just smiled and started working the espresso machine.
“Um,” Peter ventured, “Are we seriously gonna go home early? Because I’ve gotta say, I forgot my phone charger back in Queens and my battery really is toast. Never did tell Jameson I was gonna be unavailable. Bet I’ve got like a dozen loud voicemails…” He wished he was making that last part up, but nope. Oof.
"Ciao!" Peter ducked down between the two of them and over to Aunt May, hurrying right past her and snagging her arm as he went. "Aunt May! Wow, you didn't have to come meet me at the station!" It was an "aww, you shouldn't have" kind of tone, but very hasty. He'd so called that she would show up here.
“Called it,” he heard Tony say as they stepped out of the trees. The coffee pot was sitting there on the table, steaming beautifully in the morning air. Like some kind of fever dream, there was an insanely high stack of pancakes beside it on a hopelessly overwhelmed single paper plate.
Sheepishly, he glanced over at Clint as they arrived where Wade had led them—a rocky wall with a cave mouth in the side. “Sorry to drag you into all this dating stuff, Hawkeye. I know you’d probably rather be taking a nap somewhere.”
“There’s a chance that could be from Hawkeye. He ripped the stitches in his arm on the hike up here.”
As he bolted off in the direction of the beach, Clint lunged after him and caught the back of Wade’s shirt.
"Sure," Clint replied immediately, as it suddenly seemed to occur to him that they were alone now. He rubbed his neck and glanced at Bruce.
"Friend. Oh." Just friend? Why did that seem inadequate? "T-teammate. So, you wouldn't do a-anything...for me that you wouldn't also do for, say...Thor, or Clint, or Bruce..."
Also standing nearby was Hawkeye. He was waving his hands and trying to calm the Hulk—which made no sense. The archer was lucky to be alive. Hawkeye wasn’t wearing his usual purple outfit, so maybe that was why he was trying the waving.
“Sorry,” he mumbled, rubbing his forehead. “I know it’s a strange question. Don’t worry about it.” The first avenger leaned and grabbed the big plastic plate with all the s’more fixings on it and offered it to Peter. “Please tell me the truth, Peter—your girlfriend is your age, right?” Not so subtly, Cap nodded to the woman in the green bikini, who was busy nailing Thor in the face with the frisbee.
That…was probably the perfect time to bring up how Bruce had hulked out the other night, but there was a knock on the door. Clint hopped up to get it, already suspecting who it might be.
Nope, Peter wasn't feeling any better while looking over there. He turned back to Tony and mustered the biggest, saddest eyes he could manage without looking ridiculous.
"Well, what's the story, then?" Tony asked. Peter's heart thudded in his chest until the dark-haired man followed that up with, "Should we act like you're together or not?"
Bruce was an odd person. Clint was never sure how to act around him. They’d shared countless missions together when Bruce was in the Hulk’s head, but they never really got to talk. Bruce probably felt like he knew Clint a lot better than Clint knew him.
If he stayed this calm for much longer, he might just revert back to Bruce Banner, Spidey thought, blinking. For a normal guy, Hawkeye was pretty darn gutsy to be down there on ground level with the Hulk.
"The point is, he's not a robot. He bleeds," Bruce said evenly. "He's still bleeding, actually—they won't stop fighting long enough for me to dress the wound."
“Hey, the more we mess with other people’s lives, the more we can avoid ours!” Wade said brightly, laughing nervously and holding up a palm toward Matt. “High five!”
"And what is that?" Loki asked sweetly, leaning in closer. He wasn't bothered by the electricity—at least, not that he would let Doom see. It made him flinch inwardly, instantly bringing up lots of memories of being zapped by Thor.
“We’ve gotta get him out of there before he causes an incident—Cap and Tony will hate him forever,” Peter muttered under his breath, knowing Matt could hear him just fine. Wade was basically impossible to kill, but Peter didn’t particularly want to see him get hurt, either. Matt’s shades and cane were NOT impossible to destroy, and there was that to worry about too.
Peter cringed as a twig cracked under his sneaker the moment he put his weight down onto it. Out of instinct, he hopped onto the side of the nearest tree, sticking a hand to Wade’s chest and hauling him behind the trunk to keep him out of sight.
“Does that count as tech?” Clint asked, pointing to it. “HEY!” He shouted at the women. “Can I borrow that?”
“Honestly? I’m going to try and give them some space for the rest of the trip. If Loki does anything, then we’ll call on them. Otherwise, I think we’re just going to keep fighting over things.”
"Baxter Building. Awesome," the driver said, his accent gone. The taxi sped off, honking at anyone who got in the way.
“If you’re sure about this man, I’m sure Tony can give you advice on asking someone out. However,” Steve turned and looked Peter in the eye, “Why are you afraid to be seen at school together?”
The blond smiled back, cell phone forgotten for a moment. His smile was surprisingly warm. Clint swiped his hair back too and gestured down the street as he tucked the now wet phone away.
"You always call it the Big Dipper," Hulk grumbled, and Clint swore a giant finger was poking his forehead. "You smell like tequila. Great, Banner's finally sleeping and you're gonna sleep, too. Boring."
"He's a big demigod, he can take care of himself," Tony added, still keeping an eye on Cap while trying not to seem like it. "Bruce, is it true what the Hulk said? That you can't make Cap a cure, and we need to get it from Doom?"
“What the hell, Hulk! You-you-you—” He sputtered, tossing up his arms. “Bruce, you had to know that he put it in the trunk! Dammit! I spent the ENTIRE time we were here looking for that thing! I hid it when we got here and then it went missing and I felt so damn guilty!” Clint grabbed at his hair, puffing out a breath to calm himself down.
Bruce frowned and decided he'd be moving along wherever Clint went. His Clint. The one with the tracker on his arm. He glanced over at the other Clint, bemused to find that the blond had only a pair of pants on, and was a little scuffed up.
If Clint wasn’t used to talking crap to the Hulk, he might have been intimidated by the height difference. Maybe.
"Okay," Peter said, feeling bad for him. He wasn’t even actually dating, not officially. What relationship he had was actually going pretty good, but now it was one more thing Cap had to worry over. "Just to clarify, though. I'm not ashamed of him. It's not that. That really would be horrible of me!"
The damned weather and tropical setting were gorgeous, and Cap was right at home in them--effortlessly breathtaking. Tony was still trying to think how to start a conversation with him about them. He had to sooner or later—this was his only chance—but talking about other things was supposed to be the lead up.
Bruce scooted over to the edge of the table and slipped off of it onto his feet on the floor, leaning on the edge. He held up a hand, looking at Thor.
He was lounging on a bright purple pool floatie. It was the fancy kind, with a padded headrest and drink holders built into the side. Settled across Loki’s lap was an old-looking book with a gold lettered title that read ‘Persuasion.’
Bruce had been locked up a few times at this point—and chased by various governments, and military units, and scientists, and aliens, and mutants. It didn't actually faze him anymore, beyond people poking him enough to bring the Hulk out and harm somebody.
Tapping a finger lightly on the cute yellow polka dot table cloth, Loki finished his coffee. It would be easy to make an illusion of him and some other Avenger kissing.
"Really?" Tony gave him an incredulous look. "C'mon, Peter's a smart kid, you have to give him more credit than that, Cap. If Deadpool is a troublemaker and hurts people, there's no way Peter would be mixed up with him. Besides, didn't Wade say his only superpower was 'eating his body weight in tacos'?"
"Hail, my friends!" Thor smiled, draping one of Cap's arms over his broad shoulders and holding the other blond around the waist. "Come, you must be seated. Iron Man told me that he would follow shortly."
This dungeon was almost too theatrical to be real. Tony kept expecting a film crew to be hiding somewhere, or a stage hand to hurriedly conceal the boom mic as he walked past each cell. A few paces ahead, Doctor Doom strode along with his green cloak flowing out behind him like some kind of robo-vampire.
“Please. You think the Avengers would go after a blind guy?” Tony toasted him and took a sip of the coffee, the rest of the redhead’s words slowly sinking in. “…Wait, so he’s with Wade too? Seriously, I didn’t just worst-case that into existence?”
"Do not concern yourself," Doom said, glancing toward him as he poured the contents of a green beaker into a larger blue one. "Doom has no reason to harm you now. Until Tony Stark returns with the Arc reactor, you will be a guest here."
"I'm not," he admitted. "I thought I would miss it, but if I was fishing right now I wouldn't be getting to spend time with you. I assume, anyway, since fishing bores you and you wouldn't be forced to stick around for that and guard me for once." Releasing Clint's hand, he got to his feet and started dusting sand off of his legs, then offered both hands to Clint.
"Let's stop beating around the bush, we already know it's not really him," Tony said dismissively. "The question is who IS he, and how'd he get Bruce that mad?"
"Ow," Tony said faintly. "Hey...h-hands off." He looked at Clint tiredly. Tony being too tired to smile was pretty unusual.
"Yeah, you should wait 'til you can talk to him alone," Peter said sagely. "Hey, uh, I apologize in advance if I clobber you with the frisbee, by the way..."
“Doesn’t that make it hard to sleep?” Cap asked, worried. “Do you have to focus on staying stuck to the roof?”
Both Clints shuffled over to the wall, wearing matching expressions of being annoyed and cold. One was shivering like a leaf, the other hugging his arms around his middle.
As if there wasn’t a big enough crowd in camp already, Tony arrived, dashing up behind Steve. The trees seemed to move opposite the lake, too, before Clint realized the wall of green was in fact the Hulk trudging toward the campfire, too. He took one look at Loki and growled.
"So Tony, what's the plan for tomorrow?" He flung the frisbee at Cap this time, hardly watching where it was going. "IS there a plan, or is the point of this vacation to not have any plan?"
After Cap and Tony had taken him aside asking about Deadpool, Peter had had a chat with the mercenary once they were back at their own camp for the night. He’d laid out the ground rules as clear as he knew how: they had to pretend to be just friends when anybody else was around, at least when that anybody else was an Avenger. They could be as lovey dovey as they wanted when alone, though.
"Don't worry, pal—we'll rent it when it's released." Clint quickly unburied a hand to stick it into the popcorn bowl. The last thing Bruce remembered the archer eating was half a donut yesterday.
Without hesitation, Captain America was across the room and tearing Tony's shirt open wider to try to unplug the wires. He had practically fallen in front of his friend and didn't look too great, himself.
Clint figured he should have known better than to assume Cap was hateful about anything. The man was extremely tolerant, which was probably how he and Tony stayed friends, and probably why he could put up with all of the team’s crap. Especially Hawkeye’s. The blond sighed, taking a mental note to apologize to Steve for being an ass at breakfast.
“I’m fine, Tony. You first.” Cap stepped aside, resting a hand on top of the kayak and waving for the dark-haired man to climb under it.
It was then that Tony noticed something about his reactor. It swirled with a green glow. Seeing that Bruce was now awake and had green eyes, Loki slid off of the table and stumbled back to his bed, casting nervous glances in the scientist’s direction.
"I never said he was the real one," the scientist said dully, examining one of the titanium needles from the little case. He sighed. "He's been acting oddly, too."
Scooping Steve up, Tony turned and hurried to the medical room with him. To Carol, he called over his shoulder, "Get Bruce in here, will you? He's good with the nerdy chemistry stuff."
Or was it pajamas? No, that might imply Peter had been in the guy's bedroom, better not mention it...
Pizza? Bruce stopped raiding the popcorn bowl long enough to glance at the door (albeit still chewing). Oh, yeah, they ordered pizza.
"Eh. I just wanted the Hulk to come out, but—" Clint cut himself off abruptly and made a face. "Hm."
“Psst!” Clint hissed through his teeth, flicking a penny, which was all he could find, up at Peter. The kid had apparently managed to sleep in the main room with his buddies by letting them have the couch and sleeping upside-down on the roof, which left Tony and Cap to their own room. Clint had to wonder how that had played out, but at that moment, he didn’t care. At least he didn’t have to avoid waking up either of the parental Avengers while getting Spidey.
And he knows stories, of course. Remembers them from when his Ma used to work at different hospitals. The patients that claimed they were abused by the medical staff, and no one could ever tell if the stories were true or not. Steve doesn’t want that kind of doubt between him and Tony. And he doesn’t want the chance of something so awful to even come close to reality.
“Everything's going to be okay, sweetheart,” he murmurs softly with a tender kiss to Tony’s temple. “I promise. I’ve got you."
“You won’t,” Steve tells him. “I won’t let you.” He falls on his knees, in between where Tony’s legs are spread open, tied as they are to the chair. He leans up and takes hold of Tony’s face. Looks into his eyes and drinks in his fear like a bitter salve. “I love you, and I wish I could hurt you or punish you, but
–!” Tony can’t seem to decide whether he wants to move away or not. He keeps his touch tantalizing, light, reverent, as he listens to Tony lose more and more of his control. The desperate sounds grow louder, the twitches of Tony’s subdued body more erratic as Steve slowly breaks him apart.
him, truly. Steve can’t do that if he can’t see Tony’s eyes. His mouth, pried open as it is, will let him hear Tony without fear of reservations; the restraints will show him how his body reacts; and open eyes will force Tony to think of him and not whatever other Steve he remembers from his time away.
“You don’t know anyone named Peter,” Steve says, soothingly. “You never really dated Pepper even though you did try for a while, and you’ve been gone for three years.”
Looking at Bucky became hell. He and Tony could never be thought of separately after, and as hard as he tried, he could never fully hide it. Not that it mattered much – Bucky couldn’t look at Steve, either.
Tony has spent most of his life surrounded by people who were only paid to care about him. And while some of them probably did – Jarvis, Pepper, Happy, to name a few that he knows of – doing more of the same now won’t help his mental state.
Tony sullenly accepts the food from Steve. There was a bad moment, when he’d refused to consume anything. Prying open his jaw and holding it open using pressure points so Steve could force-feed him was a tragic experience, and one so unpleasant that Tony hasn’t tried pulling a repeat just yet.
Steve removes his finger and he holds Tony’s face as he kisses his open mouth. “I’m sorry,” he chants. “I’m
“Does that feel good, Tony?” he croons. Blood rushes down to his dick as Tony starts making urgent sounds. The dark brown irises are only a thin ring in his eyes, and Steve impulsively slips the tip of his finger in.
The camera is filled with pictures of Tony. Tony looking out on the window from his wheelchair, pale and withdrawn. Tony sleeping in his bed, wrists and legs bound to the frame. Tony gasping and crying as he comes, lips parted and eyes shining bright.
. He sucks long and hard on scarred flesh, sinking his teeth in until it darkens red, then purple. The ropes keep Tony still as he writhes, biting back his moans.
“I love you so much,” he murmurs, his voice coming out lower than usual, hoarser. His hand rises up to gently cup Tony’s flushed face, and takes a moment to kiss him more gently than he has so far. Whispers against his mouth, “I’ll show you.”
It’s a strange thought, that Tony might not be able to piece himself back together. In Steve’s mind, he has always been so … capable. Strong. Not always right, but he tried. Always.
But when Tony’s bleary eyes finally open, he is quiet. Silent like grief, like defeat, like death, he lies on the bed and stares into empty air.
Tony has to stay at the hospital overnight for observation, and Steve takes the opportunity to hide all of their knives and sharp objects. He increases the medicine dosage incrementally, knowing that it will keep Tony from walking reliably on his own, and makes a note to pick up a wheelchair the next day. He briefly considers purchasing a car that can actually transport one, too, but ultimately discards it. Tony doesn’t need to go anywhere or see anyone. He has Steve.
“The doctors think they can discharge you next week. Isn’t that great?” Undeterred by his silence, Steve feeds Tony another bite of hospital food. It isn’t good, but at least the doctors have approved of moving him onto solids now. “You won’t have to be here for much longer.”
Almost playfully, he squirts some of the contents over Tony’s cock, listening to the sharp inhale as Steve’s hand helps spread the lubricant over his sensitive flesh. He caresses Tony’s balls gently as well, and the liquid slips down to his rim.
Steve’s cock brushes his entrance, and Tony’s eyelids fly open. He starts shaking his head wildly, and the light in his eyes reminds Steve sharply of the mania in the hospital and the first time he tried to escape, screaming that he doesn’t belong in this universe.
“The world was one fire, but no one wanted me to be involved, so I tried holding counseling sessions for a while instead. But it was like being trapped in the ice but worse because I was watching everyone else move on while I was just … stuck. I used to close my eyes and imagine I was back at SHIELD or the Tower, or – hell, that I was in my old apartment in Brooklyn. And I couldn’t stay in New York without thinking of you, so I … I moved out here.”
Soft music filters through the air, some piano rendition of a song Steve remembers vaguely from his childhood. It gives him a tempo to work with as he feels Tony’s body press against his, something less frantic than what he’d done before with the chair.
“Gorgeous,” he sighs. Tony’s brown eyes are wide and staring at him, pupils blown in lust and a little terror. He slides a hand down Tony’s fragile chest, fingers lightly skimming the surface of the arc reactor, before palming the faintly twitching erection. He’s unsure why – it could be age or his general poor health or trauma – but it’s been harder than expected to arouse Tony’s body.
Steve’s tongue laves over an old hickey, taking note of the slight hitch in Tony’s breath. He tweaks Tony’s nipples insistently, rubbing them over and over again with the pads of his fingertips. Steve’s cock is hard, has been for a short while now, but he keeps his motions slow and steady.
Then, he breathes. Leans down on his elbows on either side of Tony’s head and lets both of them adjust. Tony’s hair is wild, and he buries his face in it, breathing in his scent.
There’s a path by the lakeside Steve pushes Tony's wheelchair along during the early mornings. It used to be that the steady rhythm of his feet hitting the pavement would clear his mind, but there’s something equally soothing about walking with Tony. The sunlight is bright and warm – good for Tony, who somehow looks more fragile than ever these days.
Just the faint hitch of his breath, and Steve knows the tears aren’t far behind. He watches as Tony struggles against the bonds once more, thankful that the movements aren’t violent this time. Still, he squirms in the restraints, futilely trying to slip them off somehow, and Steve wonders if it isn’t more out of habit than any actual hope nowadays.
Tied to the chair, Tony is helpless to whatever onslaught Steve will give him. There’s panic his eyes, fear, fear of Steve and he should be afraid.
Steve leans back, quietly pumping a single finger in and out and watching Tony’s face carefully. His jaw tightens around the gag when a second finger is added.
Tony tugs on the restraints halfheartedly. “At least … at least take the restraints away. Please? Steve?”
. Even if it’s not true anymore – and maybe it never was – he thought he had for three years, and Christ, Tony’s moan shoots straight down. “I’m sorry I didn’t protect you. I’m sorry I failed, I – Thanos had you. He
“I need you, Tony,” escapes him, the sinner’s confession to his priest. “I need you. Never leave me again, I can’t – I
In a world where everything and everyone has left him, Tony has returned. Not the same as before, maybe, but he is here now despite the chaos in the universe.
He leans down and takes Tony into his mouth. Tony spasms at the contact, likely still oversensitive from his previous orgasm, and Steve is gentle as he suckles on his still limp cock.
if he isn’t near Tony now, but he rests their foreheads together. Breathing heavily, whispering apologies and
The chair creaks, and pale golden sunshine catches in Tony’s hair. His brown eyes are dark and wild with arousal, lips parted as Steve burns away his thoughts and doubts.
It should be boring, he thinks, considering their almost glacial pace. But there’s something just … absolutely thrilling at discovering Tony’s most intimate places and reactions. The revelation that Tony is here for him fills Steve with an almost unbearable affection as he peppers his face with reverent kisses.
Tony licks his lips. His eyes dart around the corridor frantically, but there are no alternative paths, and he can’t outrun Steve with his current injuries. “I don’t belong here,” he cries out desperately. “I think I’m … I think I’m in an alternate universe!”
“You came back for me,” Steve breathes, and decides that it must be true. No other answer will suffice. He stares down at Tony, and a new kind of fervor lights his blood on fire as he runs his hands over Tony’s bruised and aching body. “You came back for me.”
Steve remembers the chill biting into his skin. Blood splatter and brain matter on his face. Metal ringing in his ears, and a slight coppery scent in the air.
“Oh, Tony,” he murmurs softly. His hand rises up almost unbidden to stroke his pale cheek. “What did they do to you?”
He lifts off the cock with a muted smack. Kisses Tony’s balls, sucking them into his mouth like he’d done when Tony was bound to the chair. With his hands, he lifts Tony’s ass, just a little, for a better angle at his hole.
He makes a show of hesitating, of sadness as he cuts up Tony’s food to feed to him in small bits, and he knows the exact moment Tony realizes the truth.
Tony makes a confused noise when he stops the wheelchair and starts undoing the restraints. With the same tenderness he used with children as Captain America, Steve lifts him into his arms.
As he bends over Tony, nose to nose, brown eyes trapped in his, he listens to every grunt and whimper, watches the tears that well up when he twists his wrist just so and the drool that starts sliding out the edge of his mouth.
A strangled sound escapes Tony as Steve carefully fondles his cock. It fits neatly into the palm of his hand, and he gently strokes up and down. His legs jerk, as if trying once again to snap shut, but the restraints keep him well in place.
And maybe it’s jealousy that makes him shove up Tony’s shirt and kiss the exposed skin with something bordering violence. Jealousy of the people Tony so obviously misses, people who aren't even
“I love you,” he gasps, lowering himself to rut against Tony, their lengths rubbing together, sparking electricity down their spines. He melts into Tony and breathes his air, teeth biting into his skin as Tony squirms and pulls against the bonds.
It’s gone dry, for the most part, and he smears lubricant over it and his hands again. He shushes Tony when he starts whimpering as he realizes what’s about to happen.
“Tony, stop – are you seriously crawling away from me?” Disbelief gives Steve pause, but only for a moment before he resumes his approach. “You’re injured! You can’t just run off, and –
“I love you,” he murmurs, trying so hard not to be hurt. “And I know you love me. Even if you won’t admit it right now.”
“What happened to ‘together’, asshole?” he’d shouted. Tears in his eyes, voice cracking, before he doubled over in a violent coughing fit.
The thought of it brings warmth into his heart, and he slips his finger in until the second knuckle. But concern floods when Tony doesn’t stop screaming and struggling with a renewed strength. He’s shaking his head, fresh tears in his eyes, and icy nails sink into his skin as he realizes he’s
“They’re gone, aren’t they?” he asks, sounding so small and vulnerable that Steve can’t help but press a tender kiss to his forehead.
He plucks a bottle of lubricant out of the box, mindful Tony’s eyes tracking his every movement. Steve can feel himself growing hard again, the serum’s quick refractory period taking effect. He pours the lube all over his hand, letting the slick liquid coat his skin.
He suckles on an abused nipple, teething on it gently and flicking his tongue against the tip. There’s a harsh intake of air above him, and he scores another point for himself. Giving the other side the same treatment is a delight that leaves both nipples puffy and red.
He remembers his shield coming down on Tony’s head. Armored hands reaching up to shield his face – too slow, too slow…
“There’s nowhere else you need to be,” he tells him, “And no one to work for. All you have to do … is stay.”
Steve draws back, even if he can’t quite take his hands off Tony now that he’s felt the frailty of the man under the hospital sheets and clothes. “You know about Thanos?”
"Where is everybody?" He asked, realizing he'd never tried to find out. They were all gone on some mission, he knew that much, but they had gotten distracted by food and getting warm, and watching baby monsters eat people.
“What the hell, guys? You didn’t stop that freak? He said he TRACKED Peter here! With a tracking device. That didn’t ring any alarm bells?” The archer stopped between them, flicking a hand after Peter. “Pretty sure that’s Daredevil and you know he’s trouble!”
Tony had almost eagerly accepted the idea of playing frisbee. It was probably his attempt to avoid talking to Steve anymore.
Considering how acrobatic he was as Spider-Man, Peter was being pretty restrained by just jumping and maybe flipping a bit to catch the frisbee.
"I'm beginning to think the same thing." Steve tried pressing different parts of the door—seeming baffled.
"Oh good. I'll finally get to meet him," Carol said sarcastically. "Doesn't he have better things to do?"
"Listen, I'm really sorry--I didn't plan to be gone a week and he got worried about me," he began, gesturing to Wade over his shoulder. "I didn't plan to crash your vacation, and I really really didn't plan for him to!"
“Can we maybe focus on the bigger, greener problem, here?” Tony asked, looking irritated. “Matt’s just a normal human guy—and he trusts the Avengers as the good kind of super powered people! We’re responsible for his safety while he’s camping with us. Bruce, whatever’s going on with you, we’ve gotta work it out before anybody winds up dead. I’m not kidding around, here.”
“I think maybe a few plans would be a good idea. What did you have in mind?” Cap asked, resting a hand on Peter’s shoulder. He needed to focus. Peter was right, actually taking a vacation was a rarity.
“I don’t give a damn about the view. If you’re really just here to camp, prove it by staying the hell away from us,” Cap told him shortly, keeping a hand at Tony’s back.
"Where did you think Hulk learned to do a breaststroke from, exactly?" He let go of one of Clint's hands to finally reach up and wipe the wet dark hair out of his eyes. Nonchalantly, he reached up and swiped Clint's bangs out of his face next, nodding. "I still haven't actually gotten to swim yet, so maybe we should head for the rocks now."
It immediately was caught by the wind and tossed, flitting out to sea. Panicked, Steve dove after it, grasping desperately for the tiny slip of paper.
Deadpool stepped up next to Peter, again invading his personal space with an arm over his shoulders.
"Hey, I don't have a mask to hide behind when I blow somethin' up," Johnny replied smugly, flashing Peter a big grin.
“Yeah, Hawkeye was super grouchy earlier today, and I think it’s my fault for being there,” Peter explained sheepishly. This was so weird. They’d gone back to practically normal—well, their version of it—the moment Wade had gotten back, but the conversation was still hanging over his head. Matt’s too, probably. Peter wanted to explain, but the last thing he wanted to do was to get Wade’s hopes up and then let him down. No, he had to talk to Matt in private about it.
"Maybe we should wait and see? If we barge in it might make him run off—at least this way we know where he is."
“Enough,” Cap sighed, suddenly aware of how many times villains had probably been trying to flirt with him. Oh boy, there was a thought. He hadn’t been so aware of handsome men making eyes at him before he started falling for Tony.
If one of his whack job super villains in animal suits followed him up this mountain, he swore he was going to web them up and throw them all the way back to New York. Or stick them to the side of some car traveling that way, at the very least. “Let’s just go down the trail a little bit and see if we see anything, okay?” He told Wade, starting that way without waiting for a reply.
“Got it. Let’s grab ice-cream and go. We need to get those two out onto the water before noon. If we take too long, they might wanna wait until tomorrow.”
“I mean… I haven’t seen your face during sex in over a month…and contrary to popular belief, I’m quite fond of your face!” Even though his tone was teasing, Tony felt Steve instantly tensing and he stopped running his fingers up and down his spine.
“You do know Clint is also smoking, right? Why would Nat hide that from him?!?” Tony asked Steve, looking as if he was trying to solve one of the world’s unsolved math problems.
“What? What you mean, Tony?” Steve asked him, his eyebrows almost meeting his hairline. “What are you talking about?”
Steve rubbed the back of his head and shuffled his feet as he tried to come up with an answer. “I…uhm…I was trying to keep Barton from changing my ring tone as it’s what he was trying to do now as well, weren’t you, Clint?”
“You should have reminded me!” Tony Stark yelled two days later when he returned to the apartment and found the table set, untouched since Steve had left it behind two days prior.
“Now, Steven, we must be calm. Look at my parents. The All Father went to battle, while my mother, the Queen of the Nine Realms stayed home and took care of the palace and the people. This is expected of us as well!”
Steve blanched. This scenario was all too familiar to him. Popsicle…Mom…Bitch. Again and again those words kept running around in his head. He was with Natasha instead of coming home to him. As he had his back to Steve, Bucky failed to notice the rising panic on Steve face and simply walked into the bathroom.
“Again, I have no idea what you’re talking about, ok? If you were in the mood to fight, you should have said so before you had me fuck you into the mattress!” Steve snapped as he got up and started grabbing his clothes from the floor.
Steve felt his blood boil. “Tony, what the hell has been with you lately? You’re never home and when you are you’re always in your lab or drunk…or both. I don’t know whom have you started hanging out with, but I think you should stop. They are obviously no good for you.”
Before Steve could answer him, Clint came from around the corner, waving around something that to Tony looked like Steve’s phone.
“What crawled up his ass today, Stark?” Clint asked as they both turned and started walking towards the living room.
He took a few seconds. There was no reason, really, behind the hesitance; no thoughts ran through his mind telling him this was something more intimate than he deserved, and no cramps or aches kept his arm from moving. He felt paralyzed in the moment, briefly wondering what this must have looked like; he found himself envying the birds outside the window and the flies on the wall, wanting badly to see how he looked beside Steve in the soft light of the lamp and the mess of having just gotten out of bed.
“Forget about that,” Steve answered. “Y’wanna pick up where we left off? We could do something nice, something light.”
“Uh, uber-muscular…” Carol flipped through her manila folder of notes, tracing her finger along a page until she found what she was looking for. “Uber-muscular alpha hunk… doms.”
Steve would say, and he’d pick the gun up, flick the safety on, put it back in the nightstand. He’d take a seat and go on with their night, business as usual. He’d tell Tony about his mission.
His only respite was when he was returned to his room in between their tests and their experiments, though it could hardly be called a respite after long.
“Oh, yeah?” Tony asked, toeing the line between interested and prying. He always kind that way with Steve, like he didn’t know quite what was personal and what wasn’t, and he’d hate to be presumptuous and start connecting dots that Steve hadn’t already.
Steve, whether out of politeness or a feeling of being trapped, stayed where he sat. Maybe it was the only place in the bar he could sit without confronting those he clearly wanted to avoid. Whatever the case, he sat, and Tony sat, and it was a little bit terrible.
Tony gave her a funny look, pausing where he stood in front of one of the racks. “I haven’t really been on the scene in a while. Even when I was, I wasn’t the
He can’t argue. He can’t push Steve away right now, not so close to— and he can’t blow Jan off. Can’t leave Bucky with that stupid broken pinky of his. He can’t do it.
Steve’s shoulders slumped a little as he sat back against the headboard, spreading his legs to make room for Tony once more. Tony didn’t follow right away.
Or was it little more than a promise of distraction, an offer that would pull Tony a few feet farther from the icy chill antagonizing him only to throw him back to the cold when they were done?
The thought might have made him sick, if he still felt like Steve Rogers. He wasn't anymore. Not there, at least. He'd either die there- unlikely, because of course the team was coming for him, of course they were- or he'd find his home once again, and he'd be able to ask himself questions that meant more than jack shit again. He'd be able to think thoughts that mattered. He'd be able to live.
“Tony?” Steve asks, saying none of those things Tony had predicted. Steve knows him that well, doesn’t he? Or is it just obvious,
Tony was frustrated enough with him, clearly, as if Steve had been attacking him directly. He didn’t speak to Steve for some hours. Steve couldn’t help but feel a dog-like sense of heartbreak when someone he thought himself so loyal to chose to neglect him, even when the action was so temporary and so perfectly justified.
“You think they’ll destroy the weapon?” Nat leaned forward, resting her folded forearms atop the table. “They can make a new one easily, but if we have it, we can learn how to counter it.”
He couldn't see the familiar fog creep in through the blurriness of his tear-filled eyes. When he collapsed this time, there was no warning.
It’s not. It’s not over 18 ounces in weight, the barrel barely longer than the grip. It holds eight rounds, seven of which aren’t necessary now and might never be. It all depends on what the others do when they find it, on whether or not another round will fire when it’s dropped, on whether it’ll be labeled “evidence” or something else, something to be inherited.
But it’s enough to make the night bearable, maybe even salvageable in whatever way broken nights can be.
But he couldn’t ask Steve to stay. He couldn’t. This meant something to him, more than Tony ever could, and he’d be selfish to do anything but let Steve walk away.
He'd come to a different conclusion. It was worth it when those you were fighting against were the same people you needed to fight for good. It was worth it when you stopped being a unified force for the sake of the dream, and you started being a tank with a U-shaped gun. It was worth it when sacrifices could be made- not people, not ideologies, but sacrifices of comfort in one's simplistic view of the world- for the better of that world.
Steve laughed, though there wasn’t much humor to it. His gaze fell to the sheets, fingers pulling and pinching at them as Tony watched.
“Right,” Steve agreed proudly. “And now, just in case he’s forgotten what that call is… Let’s hear it one more time.”
“These are for more than just sex, you know. And don’t you think this would be emptier if I were getting laid that often?” Steve asked, brow raised. His serious tone betrayed the amused quirk of his lips. He took one of the condoms from its place in the tin with a light tug, flipping the container shut once more.
Endless days. Stretching out, longer and longer, bleeding blurrily into the next and stretching more. Fragile as he was, he thought this facet of him indestructible, like nothing could promise an end to the bitter loneliness he’d come to loathe.
“Does it need to be flashy?” Steve asked, taking a moment to peruse the racks himself. He leafed through what was available, stopping at a nice, skin-tight t-shirt. “This should do, right? I mean, it shows off…” He trailed off. He didn’t really think of himself as a
Steve slipped out of his bed and onto the floor, allowing his back to press against the mattress in hopes that the blood would seep through the sheets further. He raised his knees up to rest an arm palm-up on top of them. He set his nails atop the base of his wrist, and after a deep breath, he began to drag them down, hard.
He’d hated himself for it, before. He figured he still did. But he was shameless, he guessed, in a way that Steve never felt he could be. After all, how fucked up could Tony Stark get? How sinful? How dirty?
“You got the thingy, right?” Tony asked, shaking Steve from the almost hypnotic trance of the place.
Steve unbuttoned Tony’s dress shirt, fingers deft but but lazy. He took care to caress each new inch of skin exposed, kissing a line down the center of Tony’s chest as he did. His lips were gentle, though chapped, as if worried at too often for too long. Tony didn’t know much about Steve, but every new detail he learned (assumed, rather) seemed obvious once he’d learned it. Of course Steve was a worrier. Of course. What else could he possibly be?
There would be no answer. There never is an answer. There won’t be, and he’s counting on that, hoping that the silence and nothingness to come will house him well.
He woke up in that same white room. It must not have been long after the incident, as his back still felt raw as anything and he could barely move without wincing. He pushed himself into a seated position and stared at the floor. Would it be worth it to go through the routine, then? Would it hurt more than it would help?
His eyelids felt heavy. He could hardly move an inch, his torso a dead weight on top of Steve. So much for giving Steve’s poor bones a rest.
“Clear,” Steve said, followed by the others. He stayed behind as they packed up and left, as he often did. It was always more comfortable for him to be the last one out, and the team got used to it over time. Sometimes, someone would stay behind with him to review the information gone over, or to chat idly before moving onto the next thing.
“What are we watching again?” Tony asked, dropping heavily onto the couch beside Steve. Steve was a wall of a man, unmoving even with the deep shift in the weight of the cushion, and Tony found it easy enough to lean against him. Steve, in response, bumped his side with an elbow, his eyes still trained on the television as he fiddled with the remote.
Before Steve could chime in, Jan shared her opinion, clearly of the same mind. “It’s not a picnic date, Tony, they’re
“This is, uh… This isn’t standard, is it?” he asked, and the expression that colored Steve’s face in response was only slightly bewildered.
“You’re pretty, Tony, that’s all,” Steve said, and the compliment was simple and precious and small, heavy with a weight Tony couldn’t quite force himself to confront. “Here, sit up. Against the bed, there.”
“Steve,” Tony repeated. The light in the place was dim, almost sepia toned, and Tony couldn’t quite make out the features of Steve’s face. Somehow, though, he felt it matched the name. Tony wasn’t sure he could say the same about himself. “I’m Tony. Pleasure.”
“Well, all you’re doing is trying to dress him up to go hang out in some impressionist lesbian garden painting.”
If only he'd known then how complicated "good" was. If nothing else, he still held onto one belief: he'd rather be fighting the enemy head-on than going through the bureaucratic hellscape that was the alternative. At the very least, he could feel his progress crack and bruise and bleed under his fists, and he could hate himself for that- for the violence, for the urgency, for the eagerness- just a little bit. It was satisfying in a sick sort of way in the beginning, when he was too young and too dumb to realize that some human beings were destined to meet the blunt edge of a shield or a red-gloved fist in the moments before they met God.
And if Tony thought there was anything funny about it, well, he’d forget the next day anyway. And he’d have the leftover muffins, or he’d have the blanket to nap in, and Steve could wipe his hands of it.
remember was that, every so often, the ceiling of the room would lift just a centimeter or so, and a barely visible cloud of gas would seep in through the crack. He'd wake up restrained in another room.
Steve gave a sad smile, chewing thoughtfully on his final piece of bagel. “Look at me. Do you think I could have had any of that anyway?”
Nat had clipped the image inducer to the inside of his waistband, a brilliant piece of Stark tech, and mapped out a face that she thought might get the attention of
Tony laughed a little, something disbelieving and sweet. “Okay. Okay, yeah, I’ll take your word for it,” he promised, figuring it’d happen somewhere down the line. Right? It had to. And if not, he could pretend just as easily, couldn’t he?
It was a good few seconds before he found it in himself to sit up. He felt a familiar pain up his spine, blossoming out into his shoulders and caressing his ribs. He wasn’t much for yoga, soreness-prone as he was, but it was worth it then. He’d stretch later on.
“I see you’re not hanging around your buddies over there,” Tony said. It was hardly an astute observation, serving more as a subtle inquiry than anything. Tony watched the way Steve’s shoulders hiked up a little more at the mention of the other soldiers, the way he turned his head down again, as if remembering to keep himself in check. Tony regretted opening his mouth— there was no reason to be pushy.
Steve hadn't even seen those in the longest time. He'd been deprived of them as well-- and that was a funny thought, describing himself as
Steve wasn't going to say they were stupid. They wouldn't be so goddamn dangerous if they were stupid.
Steve’s hair was styled like he would have fixed it decades ago. He knew Tony liked the look of it, the shape of it, how
He knew the face to look for. He remembered every detail he’d picked up from the photograph in the meeting. He scanned the crowd for the right color of hair, the right height— and, with the image inducer, he could rest assured that no one would recognize him in the process.
His eyes scanned the room as he brushed the bread crumbs off of his hands and onto his slacks. He wasn’t quite so overstimulated- not like he was in the beginning, at least, before Tony took notice of his discomfort and took steps to make everything easier to handle for him. It was a touching and not-too-invasive gesture; he’d ask people to keep yelling to a minimum and, if they were to sing and dance, do it with tact. Sure, there was a wild quality to the parties that had been diluted to some degree, but no one minded enough to break the rules, and everyone seemed to have a more relaxed (and more memorable, for some) time for it. It was still quite a lot to look at, but Steve figured he could manage that on his own.
Tony’s sleep schedule didn’t affect the job he did with the Avengers. He was there when needed, effective as anything. Steve supposed he must have been the same with his business. It was a comfort for him and Tony both, it seemed- a quiet, unspoken comfort on his part.
“Y’sure you want another one of these?” Steve asked. “We can chat regardless. No entry fee for conversation.”
“Testing, testing, 1-2. You hearing me, Winghead?” Tony’s voice filtered in through the comms as Steve entered the building.
It was then that a rustling came from the ceiling. A cover was popped off of the large, industrial-sized ventilation tubes (a design choice, Steve had learned from Marshall’s ramblings). A hand grabbed it before it could fall to the floor, and Nat descended down from the vent gracefully. She set the cover down against the floor, careful not to let it clang, and held her arm out with her palm outstretched.
Steve sat up then, and Tony figured he deserved a look up and down the muscles of the guy’s back— what little of it he could see, at least, but even his silhouette against the window was a sight to behold. Steve reached for the tug-switch on the bedside lamp first, Tony watching the movement curiously, only glancing down for a moment to catch the time— 5:34 AM. Out of the corner of his eye, Steve was slipping out of bed, getting down on his knees and reaching underneath the mattress.
