They finish their breakfast in awkward silence, Vanessa finishes her tea and stands to put everything in the sink. She brushes her hands on her shirt and heads for the living room. Behind the stairs is where Vanessa's small office is, the door is in the living room beside the archway. Vanessa opens the door and switches on the overhead light, breathing in the stagnant air, she closes the door behind her.
"Abuela," Sarah chokes on her tears. "I-I couldn't, they would ha-ave found ou-ut my n-new strength, I gu-uess it doe-esn't matter n-now."
Pot in hand, Vanessa brushes past Dean to put the pot in the sunk and rinses it out. Once she's done, she looks him up and down and licks her lips. "C'mon now, Sam is probably reading the books you left and that'll probably take him a while, so we'll have plenty of time, " Vanessa says, biting her lip, walks over to Dean and grabs his hand.
"Nice of you to meet someone with manners," Daniel smirks at Vanessa before he bites into his burger.
Vanessa had just landed on Go and gotten her luckily four hundred and sighed, leaning back into the couch she is sharing with Sam.
“Shhh. You will.” Dream guy said. He pressed his fingers against Dean’s hole, pushing in with two dry fingers. Dean arched his back and gasped in pain.
Okay enough babbling.  Not a lot of triggers here, please see end for notes.
“Dean!” Cas entreated again, pulling Dean’s gaze away from the demon. “Don’t Dean, don’t you dare sacrifice yourself for me. It won’t matter.”
“Shut up Benny!”  Sam growled out.  “You don’t know me.”
The Old Ones convene.
So here it is, Abaddon was behind John's resurrection.  How many of you had guessed it was her?  I know it seemed a little out of the blue but I tried to drop some hints here and there.
“Crowley don’t do this.”  Dean screamed again and proceeded to curse and scream to be let out, but to no avail. Eventually, exhaustion crept up on Dean and he laid down on the small bed with a thin blanket and fell asleep.
Triggers include violence and death, discussions of sexual slavery.
Taking a deep breath and sitting down, his leg bouncing up and down with nerves, Dean typed out a few messages, erasing each one before he hit the send button. After holding the phone to his forehead and thinking for a bit, he came to a decision.
“Dean do you know how much I’ve enjoyed our little excursions?”  Death asked.
See end for notes.
“He said he would help find a way to get rid of the Mark.”  Dean said, his gaze going to his arm and feeling a pulse of power Dean squeezed it.
Triggers in this chapter, please end for notes.
Betrayal!
“Sorry, sorry.” He said. “Just, don’t go, okay? Can we just sit, and talk — or just sit?” Sam asked, giving Dean the puppiest of all puppy eyes.
Finally sick of staring at the walls of the bunker Sam started going on hunts, keeping them small because he was alone. And once out and hunting he heard stories, stories of Dean’s successful hunts from other hunters regaling the tales, none aware of the Mark or what Dean had been through and thankfully unaware of his deal.  But then the coup de grace just a few days ago that occurred had Sam finding out that demons were only allowed to possess dead meatsuits, which he knew only Dean could have managed to make happen. Despite being essentially a slave to Crowley, Dean had still managed to protect and save hundreds of lives by that one action.
Note:  In the first story Crowley inserted a crystal into Dean's arm so he could always find him and get to him no matter the wards.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam huffed in annoyance and after a few beats of uncomfortable silence he pointed his chin at the bag.  “What’d you got there?”  Sam asked.
Cas read the text of the ancient tome they had discovered in a safe deep down on some sublevel of the bunker that after a rather harrowing experience had finally been opened by using Sam and Dean’s blood.  Eyes wide with barely suppressed excitement Cas looked at Sam.
“Okay… well.  Awesome..”  Dean fumbled out cursing himself for being so nervous while simultaneously leaning into the angel’s touch.
I hope this bit of fluff between Dean and Death makes up for it.  I loved writing this and was looking forward to posting it.
++++++++++++++++++++++++
Also in this timeline they have not heard of the MOL yet.  Abaddon succeeded in getting the key and has had access to the bunker, which is where she has been getting all her knowledge.
“‘And?’ And… Did we not have a deal, Dean, where I agreed to let demons only take dead meat suits and you were to lay off the demon killing?”
(See the end of the chapter for
They headed back to the motel after eating.  They were trying to figure out who could have brought John back and why.  Sam got that look on his face that meant he had a good idea.
There are triggers in this chapter, please see end for notes.
Summary:  Dean starts to have a sex dream about Cas and things feel weird.  He calls his name and John hits him waking Dean up realizing it was John all along.  John has Dean pinned and starts to rape him when the Mark flings John off the bed causing Dean to feel weak and dizzy.  John makes a comment about the Mark, gets a mysterious call and leaves ordering Dean to stay put.
“Stop it.” Dean demanded again, his voice betraying him when it cracked. The guy just hummed and reached for his buckle.
Nothing really triggering here.
“Dean, there have been so many nights where I have watched over you while you slept and have fantasized all the ways I wanted to worship your beautiful body.”
(See the end of the chapter for
As a reminder, Dean created a band from the sigils Abaddon used when she captured him to suppress the Mark's powers.  He modified it so that he still had access to the powers but he had control, which he could increase by adding these twirly like sigils to the band when needed.
Crowley stared at Dean’s eyes for a few seconds and then his mouth lifted up in a wiry smile. “No, you’re not.” Crowley said. Dean’s stomach sunk. “But timeout is over.” Crowley said. In the next beat Dean found himself laid out on their bed back at the beach house.
“Okay I must get going.”  And then to Dean’s delight and everyone’s shock Death pulled Dean into a hug which Dean happily returned.
Since I was a little late in posting and the chapter is not great, I added a small part of the next chapter to the end so that Dean wasn't missing from last chapter and this one.
“I really can’t kill him?”  Crowley asked again, sounding bored and Dean grinned at his friend.
“Only demons?” Dean asked.
Hi here is the next chapter.  See end for triggers.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No spinach this time.”  Death promised and Dean still looked skeptical.  “No vegetables at all Dean.  This has sausage in addition to the pepperoni and cheese.”  Death promised and Dean’s eyes lit up and he took a huge bite moaning in pleasure.
“Do you think I care what a bunch of bloody, sniveling, minions think of me?” Taking a deep breath, Crowley leaned forward. His abrupt calmness more scary than his rage even as his eyes were bleeding red.
This is a continuation of the last chapter.   We are on the final arc of the story so things will be slowing down a bit, but there is still a lot more to come.
“Does Dean know you're here?''  Sam asked as they stopped at yet another floor.  I mean seriously it's bad enough he’s stuck in this elevator with Benny of all people but it seems like someone pushed the button for every floor.
“Dean.”  Death said gravely.  “You should find a cure there, I am almost certain of it.”  Death explained.
At a lull in the conversation, Dean couldn’t wait any longer and spoke up by himself.
Dean struggled and pulled and he felt a red hot surge of power building up mostly centered on his arm and with a push from the power and a hard pull from Dean’s right arm he felt the rope give and Dean crashed to the floor his scream of pain muffled.  Shocked but not wasting a second Dean tried to get up but he was too injured and had lost too much blood and every movement he made caused agony throughout his body.
John attempts to force himself on Dean, but is saved by Crowley.
I will hopefully not make you wait this long for the next chapter as I do have it mostly written.  I hope everyone is staying healthy.  I should post before Thanksgiving but if not I hope you all have a great holiday.
On triggers are Dean thinking about and telling Crowley about John trying to rape him but nothing specific.  The kiss could be possibly be considered dubious consent, but don't you just love Crowley being a big softie and putting Dean's feelings first?
Also, I am completely floored by all the kudos and comments, and I started to get nervous and over thing things worried that my ideas for the rest of the story will disappoint some people, but I have to go with my vision and hope for the best.  So far its been liked and I hope it continues to be.  You all are so awesome and supportive!
“Dean.”  Death said as he leaned in close.  A bony cool hand cupped Dean’s jaw with affection.  “If I could have intervened I would have stopped him from causing you so much pain.”  Death said with regret shining in his dark eyes.  “I am very sorry Dean.”
“Yeah I know that Sam.” Dean replied nonchalantly making Sam grit his teeth.
“But despite the fact that you continually cause destruction on a global scale, I have come to care about you Dean, very much so.”  Death said his dark eyes focused intently on Dean, and Dean blushed causing another inelegant snort to escape Death.  “So I am going to give you a choice Dean.  I will send you back, as a human.”  Death said, once again putting up a finger when Dean went to open his mouth with a slight glare at Dean for interrupting.  Dean chastised snapped his mouth shut.
Dean stood there in shock for an undetermined amount of time before slowly walking up to his room, almost numb with pain and betrayal. Yet another person betrayed Dean. He felt like at this point, he was walking around with a big sign on his forehead that said
Some long-buried feelings are brought to light.
Dean blinked at the sudden change in location. The room was dimly lit but it was clear there were no doors and no windows.  The roof was only about eight feet tall and the room, well, cell if Dean was honest with himself, about ten feet on each side. There was a twin sized bed pushed into the corner, a shower head and toilet in another corner with a Chinese folding screen in front, and a shelf stacked with bottled water, canned goods and non-perishables.
I need to figure out how to put a picture inside the next chapter so hopefully it will go up tonight.  If not then tomorrow for sure.
“Cas,”  Dean whimpered as the angel pulled back again.
“Dad, I’m warning you.  I’m not a scared kid anymore.  Cut it out.” Dean snarled and taking John by surprise he twisted out of his grasp and stepped away from John.  “Don’t touch me again.” Dean warned.
Cas frowned down at Dean and placed his hand on Dean’s shoulder and Dean leaned into the touch before he could stop himself. John eyes turned cold and calculating as he took in the gestures and with his eyes never leaving Dean’s asked. “And who is this?”
Chapter was not beta'd so all mistakes are mine.
Surprise.  Once again Crowley was manipulating things behind the scenes just like the first story, although this time it was for Dean's benefit.
Death gave an answering chuckle and then got serious again.  He sat back down, and if possible he appeared paler than normal.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas just regarding John calmly. “That’s exactly what Dean said when he first met me, but I assure you I am.”
Triggers include Dean thinking about John attacking him, and of course Dean angst and low self worth.
and talk to you.”
“What are you talking about dad?” Sam asked.
Dean just stared at Sam for a few moments, trying to figure out what was going on. Not really knowing what to say, he merely nodded and sat back down on the crates. Trying to be subtle, Dean squeezed his arm. The Mark was burning him just for being near Sam.
Dream Guy smirked again, his confidence unwavering. “I know everything, Dean. You talked about Sam back home a lot. Worried about him, how you needed to get back to him when I had you…”
“Of course, I’ve been adding to it over the years.  I’ll get it.” Dean said turning and walking over to the spare bed rummaging around his duffel.  Dean stiffened as John walked up behind Dean putting his arms around his waist and plastering himself against Dean’s back.
“I’m talking about becoming legends, defeating everything and anything in our path. Think about it Sam.” John said and took a step closer to Sam and Dean tensed. His eyes were flickering between all three captives once again trying to figure out how to get out of this situation.
Dean looked up. The owner of the voice was big, so big that all six feet and 2 inches of Dean felt small and vulnerable.  His large hands smoothed over Dean’s skin, cooling the fire, erasing the pain.
“The Pizza Man’s Men.” Dean repeated dumbly.  And then he chuckled, reaching for the angel, only for Cas to pull away.  Dean frowned.  Did he do something wrong?  He’d barely had the time to spiral down into a proper panic, but then Cas was leaning down and capturing his lips in a mind-blowing kiss.
Before John could say anything else, Dean walked back into the room and stopped when all three occupants swung around to look at him with various expressions.  John was furious and Dean could almost feel the promise of violence coming off him in waves, Cas looked like an angry cat and Sam looked curious and a little ashamed.  Dean sighed figuring Sam must have told John a few things.
Again, really sorry guys - but remember there is (fingers crossed) art coming.
“You’ll remember me soon, my beautiful hunter. For now, let me just take the pain away.” He whispered, kissing Dean as they both orgasmed simultaneously.
“I promise.  I want — I
“No it wasn’t him.” Dean said with certainty fidgeting a bit.
“I only healed the front of you, Dean.” Cas said.  He chuckled when Dean's eyes widened.  Anticipation and lust began to course through his body yet again — mixed in with a little dread, because Dean wasn’t sure if all the pleasure might just kill him.
Sam’s eyebrows rose at the vampire's rant and couldn’t help the smile that quirked up his lips.  “Okaaaay.”  Sam said, putting his hands up in a woah gesture.
“Fuck.”  Dean cursed flinging his head back trying to catch John who just chuckled and pulled Dean’s arm up higher to the point where Dean was afraid his shoulder would pop out of its socket.
I was thinking about the hug scene after Mary kills Ketch when writing them all hugging just to give you a visual.
Sam shakes his head 'no', Dean heads for the door, immediately wishing to be back next to the fire. Hopefully, by the time they leave, it'll be warmer, it is only early march but it is freezing in Ohio.
"That's because you," he points his finger at Sam. "Fucking cheated, he kept stealing money from the bank."
"It's not very warm," Vanessa says before returning to the stove. "Thanks," Sam grumbles before taking a long sip of his tea.
"Somewhat" Vanessa shrugs as she continues to mix in the seasoning. She leans over the pot and takes a deep whiff of it and sighs. Dean stands up straight to look into the pot, the boiling redish water with the gray salmon scales and the gross slimy calm guts that Dean helped squish and unshell. The smell alone is starting to make Dean nauseous, but he's smelled worse.
It's a nice four-star hotel, she could always stay at a cheap motel for more than half the price, but she has the money and decided to be comfortable. She takes her suitcase out of the trunk and grabs her backpack and starts walking up to the front doors.
"What the fuck" She yells rubbing her tired eyes. She glares at the angel, his wound doesn't seem to be bothering him anymore, but his large feathery wings seemed to droop at her response. "Were you watching me sleep?" She asks, clearly annoyed.
The pasty pink walls make her think of scarred skin as the tiles are basic stone. A door is on the opposite wall to the sink, probably leading to the bedroom. Vanessa's thought gets answered when Dean comes walking out with to ling fishing poles.
"You betcha, one of my favorite bands!" Vanessa says before softly singing the song.
"What? Oh sorry, " Vanessa apologizes as she wipes her mouth with a napkin.
"The Anatomy of Angels? Why would we need this?" Dean asks, raising an eyebrow.
"Don't call me that" she growls.
Vanessa sits in the office chair and sighs her eyes start filling with tears, she overreacted at breakfast all because of the mention of a...the creature. Vanessa should be over it by now, it's been years since the incident and she is still sensitive about it. And they never said that they would actually take that job, damn it, she ruined it.
A few hours go by when Vanessa is startled out of her research on her target which was distracting her from what happened at breakfast.
"Huh, then who is?" Vanessa asks, rubbing her wet scales. Like a snake in shed, her scales start rubbing off in mostly one piece. Usually, she has to do this part alone because everyone thinks it hurts but it's more like an itch being scratched.
"Could I perhaps get more?"
"Yes, he said that he missed the exit and he's going the long way" Dean answers and turns the song back up.
"I'm at a Gas 'n Sip plus diner just off of route four 'o one," Dean says. "If you wanna come and listen to my shitty apology in person, I'm in my car, or you could always ignore me."
Dean crawls over his moose of a brother to the entrance of the tent, quietly unzipping the zipper then crawling out. The earthy smell of rain and fresh soil fills his lungs as he takes a deep breath, surprisingly there is not a drop falling from the dark dark clouds above.
"I just wanna tell you to be nice to Vanessa, she doesn't help hunters all too much and I don't want you pushin' her buttons," Bobby explains.
She continues to sing as she rakes her fingertips over his head, rubbing his temples as she goes. Vanessa's consistent humming lulls him into a peaceful sleep.
"What?" He yells from the kitchen. She turns around and speed walks to the kitchen, where he's sitting at the table eating an apple.
"Whoa, be gentle," Dean caresses the trunk as Sam mutters "whatever".
"Five? Five each? Or five all together?" Dean looks at Vanessa.
Hearing Sam's snoring and another rumble of thunder, Dean groans and sits up. Rubbing his stiff back, the sleeping bags are nowhere near comfortable as his bed, (it's memory foam!)
"I know it's been a night," Dean says, gripping the steering wheel tightly. "But does he have any ideas?"
Taking another sip of his beer, his eyes linger on Tim before sliding over to the TV, smiling to himself as he remembers that Tim's sitting in Sam's seat.
The sound of sizzling bacon, a radio playing a familiar song, and someone singing to it makes Dean hurry to the kitchen. Dean's stomach growls as the smell of food fills the air.
"Like his freckles" Cas adds.
Pluto, who has decided to fall asleep next to the couch that Dean and Castiel are on, suddenly wakes himself up and watches her put the shirt down. "I swear, if you two steal my brand spanking new shirt, I will punt you off the roof," Vanessa threatens as she reaches for the next gift.
Dean raises an eyebrow. "If you are trying to talk to me, I don't understand what you're tryin' to say."
'Sure, anything else?'
Dean worms his fingers through Castiel's hair, moaning as he opens his mouth, he lets the angel have free roam over him. Dean rakes his blunt nails over Castiel's scalp, making him let out a filthy groan. He feels all his blood rushing south as he replays that heavenly sound over and over again.
(See the end of the chapter for
Vanessa walks out of the kitchen and up the wooden stairs, she turns left, past the bathroom and into the guest bedroom. Usually, this is where she keeps her prisoners. Under the dresser is a box of "tools", awfully sharp, extremely fun, and very deadly tools. Also lots of rope.
She and Pluto surround Sam and Dean, trying to lick them. "I have things to do," Dean says, trying to step over them, "he will love you." He pats the couch and then Pluto jumps up and tackles Sam.
"Because I'll lose my liquid luck," Dean mumbles. "Plus you might forget this anyway."
"Sorry for your loss, but I know she truly likes you, Dean," Daniel smiles.
Her gaze shifts from the angel to the TV half-heartedly paying attention to it. Vanessa rubs her thumb on his sensitive tip.
Dean rolls his eyes and turns her back around, her whole face is rosy from all the alcohol, her eyes are glowing yellow in the dim light, and her soft lips are pulled into a stupid grin.
"Yes, it was, " Vanessa says before adding "very interesting to read, "
"It is a very nice painting," Cas says again. Vanessa finishes her breakfast and takes hers and Sam's plate to the sink.
"It's for a very special someone. "
Once Dean returns, she takes one of the towels and wraps it around her head. "You don't have to be here for this Dean," Vanessa glances up at Dean, he is still hard and very patient.
Feeling sweat form from how hot it is in the room, Vanessa doesn't put the temperature as high to make it male. Vanessa sighs and wipes her forehead, hearing the soft hum from the incubator, She makes sure that the door is locked before stepping into the cool living room.
"Aww man, " Dean grins as he runs his fingers over Vanessa's cold scales, he was expecting it to feel like a fish scales, but it feels more like a snake's. "Wow, " he mutters.
"We made tea, there is still some in the kettle," Sam says as he motions with his mug.
"Sounds good to me."
She groans and rubs her now burning legs, she grabs her phone from thin air to check the calendar. Two days until the full moon, usually, her legs, hands, shoulders, back, etc... ache a week before the full moon. It was odd that it started this late, Vanessa groans again realizing that her guests will probably stay for a few days to make sure that Dean gets his full rest. Vanessa sighs and stands up, using her magic to instantly dry off she quickly throws on her pajamas and calmly walks out of her room and downstairs looking for Sam.
Dean closes the door behind him and Vanessa pushes herself onto him. Her lips once again crashing onto his, but this time it's more hungry. Her soft lips perfectly fit with Dean's, he licks her bottom lip as his hands firmly caress her hips. She lets out a sexy moan as she opens her mouth to let Dean in, his tongue dominates hers as he cups her face.
"Can you choose that?" Dean cocks his brow and glances at the egg.
Tim squints at the man and tilts his head, he quickly looks at Dean for help. "I'll have, hmm," Dean looks at the small menu. "I'll have the number three with extra bacon and a cup of coffee."
Dean frowns into the pillow and turns his head. "I asked the time," Dean props himself back onto his elbows. "Plus why 'n how are you readin'?"
"Yes. I am very proud of this one. Didn't mean to make it so venomous or long, but everyone seemed to like it." Castiel watches as the cobra slithers his way over to them. "They are gorgeous, I could stand here all day and watch them."
"Yes, you are an amazing artist, " he says as he dreamily looks at Vanessa, who slightly blushes and sucks in a breath and starts coughing violently from the unchewed food now down her throat.
"You know, an old friend of mine said I should go on one of those talent shows, probably could enchant the judges and win," Vanessa chuckles as she glances out of the window. Fields of wildflowers pass them in a colorful blur.
"You are not giving me a damn blowjob Nessie," Dean growls just before their lips meet. "Now let me take care of you goddammit!"
"You're claiming me?" Dean asks with a large smile. "I didn't think you liked me like that."
Dean rubs his fingers against the table, feeling Castiel's eyes on him, he glances over at him. "So what's your present?"
"A sandwich sounds nice, " Dean replies,  he watches her leave and he sits up. He chuckles when he realizes that Vanessa gave him a blowjob then he basically just told her to make him a sandwich.
Furrowing his brows, Dean frowns at his last thought.
"You mean for her."
"She brought you the cure Dean," Cas says, making Dean flinch.
"Oh yes, most of the animals I made were snakes but Gabriel said that they needed another animal for Africa and decided to give me that honor," Castiel says with a large smile on his face. "But between us, I think he was tired of getting the stuff he made sent off to that one island."
'Nope'
Vanessa tilts her head towards the ceiling and waits. "Speak of the devil," she says before turning the radio back up.
Her heart starts pounding as horrible memories arise, she stares at her mugs of tea, waiting for it to turn cold. "No. I-I changed my mind."
"Was. There. Wings?"
"Well yes, my siblings were the ones that help me groom them, but they never felt like that!" Castiel says, burying his head in his hands.
"You saw those?" Vanessa hisses, hoping that she didn't scare them by the sudden scales and fins, she thought it was bad enough that she showed them her horrifying fangs.
"I think they can. I don't think he likes me either," Castiel clears his throat as he rolls his shoulders, Dean shudders as something very warm spreads across his back. Even if he can't see where the warmth is coming from, he can tell where it starts and ends.
His eyes slowly adjust to the darkness to make out the shape of Vanessa. She is leaning on the headboard with her knees pulled close to her. Her yellow eyes seem to be scanning something in her lap, but they keep flickering from him to what's in her lap.
The last time they spoke was months ago when he had called her about Bobby Singer's death, that one hit her hard. She remembers when she met the grumpy old hunter, he was a wonderful friend. She remembers when she came for the funeral, she was hoping for two things, to one say goodbye to her friend, and two to try and talk to Dean and Sam. But they didn't really talk to her, which she understood why.
"I told you to stay on the couch" she growls.
Vanessa opens the door and the smell of fresh breakfast makes her stomach growl. In front of the entrance are all the tables and a bar area on the left, where Castiel is currently sitting his large black wings are tucked neatly behind him.
Those eight words scare her almost as much as the creature in her nightmare. Vanessa hasn't had the best dating record, but neither has Sam or Dean. She's heard the stories of what happened to the women that they slept with, but what came after those women doesn't scare her, Vanessa knows she can handle herself, but it's what comes after her that frightens her.
"Go on."
Now that the man is standing and alive, Dean can't help but scan him. He is muscular but not in the bodybuilder way, a few small cuts and scrapes adorned his body as well some dark bruises.
"Set them down anywhere," Dean grabs a large metal bowl and starts on the pie crust.
"That's an explanation for another day, let's go and celebrate, please?" Vanessa says as she puts her knife back in her shoe and sighs.
Tears spill down her face as she perfectly remembers her nightmare, well, her memory to be exact. She recalls that night vividly no matter how many years pass. The argument, the chill of the room, the fact that there was no window in that room, every single detail.
“Do you want to?” Dean tried again. He didn’t really understand why, but... he really, really, didn’t want to have to kill Cain.
“No buts, Dean.” Crowley growled. “Do you have any idea how this looks to the masses. It’s bad enough I gave into your demand about the meat suits, but then you blatantly disrespect me and kill two demons.” Crowley stood up in his agitation and stalked over to Dean, pushing him back against the wall.
"Wow," Castiel gasps as his gaze falls on the majestic beast in front of them. "I never imagined they'd look this beautiful."
"What?" She asks, totally oblivious.
Vanessa flips onto her stomach and drags herself from the shoreline, she sits up straight and starts to squeeze the lake water out of her hair.
"I've never been able to taste the difference between turkey bacon and real bacon, but that is probably just me," Daniel shrugs and turns the stove off. "Plus it's healthier, less fat."
"You don't have to do that Dean," Vanessa places her hands on his hips. "It would be a whole process of me getting dried and that takes forever, I'm sure it'll be better if you let me do this."
Castiel turns his head to meet Dean's gaze, his gorgeous blue eyes staring at him. "Yes, Dean?"
"See like that," he says, setting the cup in front of Tim, Dean turns back to his plate and continues where he left off. Tim mirrors Dean and takes a sip of his drink, his eyes going wide when he swallows down the milk.
"Good morning, I'll take one, umm scrambled please," he yawns and sits next to Dean.
He opens the driver's door and sighs, thinking of what he could also make besides fish. Would bacon work? Eggs? Oh, how about pancakes?
Vanessa scowls and she walks back up the steps and into her room. She quickly turns the shower on and sets it as hit as it can go. As it heats up she quickly grabs a towel and a clean pair of pajamas.
But thank you as always and see y'all next next Thursday!
Vanessa starts tearing up, it's not his fault that Vanessa can't get her damn emotions under check. "I ruined it," she wails, tears start rolling down her cheeks as she throws her arms on the desk and buries her head in them.
"I don't know, Sam said not to anything."
"Did you steal any?"
"Well yeah, it's Dean Winchester" Dave/Vanessa snorts.
The frame is pretty too, it's a dark wood that Dean doesn't recognize with swirls of metallic dark blue paint on it. Dean hands it back and grabs the gifts from him.
"Fiiine, I know it's crab and other things I can smell it from here, but whatever," Vanessa crosses her arms. "I guess I can wait for tomorrow."
He looks through it to make sure nothing is lost and thankfully nothing is, he closes the car door and joyfully walks up to the porch. Knocking on the door as Sam rings the doorbell, he hears low growls that are hopefully Vanessa's pet dragons.
"You're one to talk" the one with the knife points it at her and says "considering you've just revealed yourself, and working with hunters? This is a new low."
"That's horrible," Dean gasps.
If you wanna ask me any questions you can do so here or over at blueberryrock.tumblr.com I post art and stuff over there, like the bee paintings I have in front of me right now! And my writing tumble is the one up top! So go follow me over there and I will see y'all next time!
Dean takes the necklace from Castiel's hand and holds it up to look at it. It's a metal hooded snake that looks like it's about to strike on a delicate-looking chain. "Do you want it?" Dean looks at Castiel.
Dean opens Vanessa's bedroom door and quietly closes it behind him.
For such a large zoo the gift shop is on the smaller side, which isn't much of a shocker considering that there are multiple around the park. And it's packed with families with little kids.
"Fine, dragons hearts are very hard to come by these days, " the witch says as she raises her arms to release Vanessa, she lands with a loud thud on her feet and gestures for the old witch to give her, her knife. Instead, the old witch walks away from her and examine the knife. "But it's not used in many spells," she says as she whips around and throws the knife, aiming for her head.
When he got back, he could barely even stand, let alone unpack 'Baby'. So instead, he just left everything, ate a slice or two of pepperoni pizza, and collapsed in his bedroom; but not before taking his shoes and jeans off of course.
Well, from the title there is smut, I'm trying to get better at it so enjoy! Sorry, this took me so long to write than edit, October has been hectic for me but i am writing every chance that i get, so please leave a comment or something, i will love to read it and i will respond eventually.
As always thank you for leaving kudos or comments and continuing with the story.
Hi everyone, just one chapter this week but its on the long side.  Its the one I was having a heard time picturing where to put but I think this is a good place.  I think it will be a surprise to everyone and I hope you all like it.
Please continue to leave kudos or comments.  See you next week!
“Will you still be participating in your bar hunting?”  Cas asked, his eyes narrowing at the thought.
(See the end of the chapter for
Hi everyone, I hope everyone is well.  Thank you for the continued comments.  I hope I haven't missed any and if so I apologize, but I really cannot express how much it means to me to hear your thoughts.   Plus the story broke the 450 mark for kudos.  So incredible, thank you!
"Okay," he squeaks.
"Rock show? Who was performing?"
"Whatever, here," Dean says as he pulls out the piece of paper and hands it to his still smiling brother, "you might want to save her number, but let's go, I am tired". And with that, Dean drives out of the suburb, surprisingly with no traffic all the way to the motel and passes out on the bed after texting Vanessa good night, while Sam starts packing things away so they can leave without any hassle tomorrow.
"No," Dean says before switching the lamp they have in the tent on.
"Cause I like it when he says it."
Vanessa sets her phone back on the nightstand then shifts to face Dean. "I wish we could trade brothers, at least I would have a brother that would never call late for my birthdays, he called several weeks early now that I think about it."
She opens the door wider so they can come in. The living room is small but cozy, it has two matching chairs that face a black leather couch. Behind the chairs is a fireplace that has a lot of candles and pictures on its mantle.
Cas takes a deep breath in and stands up straight, spreading his wings a little. "I don't know. I don't know why you can see them, I didn't even know you could, "
"Well I'm making crab and shrimp as requested, and that takes time. I don't bake so I don't know how long you'll need," Daniel crosses his arms.
"It looks delicious," Vanessa mutters, eyeing down the gasping fish.
"Yeah, I'll take one too," Sam replies. The sound of a fridge door opening makes Dean thirsty, while their case is in the same city, their motel is at least thirty minutes away, and Dean deserves it for having to deal with asshole drivers that need to go and learn how to properly drive. Sam and Dean decide to take the longest couch while Bobby takes the other.
"What tribe does your family come from?" Dean asks, curiosity spilling from him.
"W-what?" Sam says and immediately looks away when she starts fiddling with the bra.
"I love all blues! Light blue, greenish-blue, muddy blue, and the gorgeous shade of bluish-black that Cas' wings are" Dean says, surprising everyone.
"And how do you know that?" Vanessa pushes away from him "You're not a psychic you're just another damn angel."
"And if I win, shit what should I win?" Vanessa pauses for a moment to think. "We get to go on a
"I don't have the best control over them," he sighs and turns his head to look at her. Castiel's electric blue eyes crinkle from the cracked TV light, his soft-looking lips are pulled into a small smile, as his cheeks are dusted with red.
"Dean," Sam turns to his astonished brother. "What did you find?"
"Let's get you some food and back to the hotel," Castiel says, turning her around then pushing her to walk.
"It's fine. It happened a long time ago," Vanessa sighs and quietly adds. "I should be over it by now anyway."
"Then why did you offer?"
Sam sighs and says "Hi, my name is Sam Winchester, this" Sam puts his hand on Dean's stiff shoulder "is my frozen brother, Dean."
Which was years ago, he has never considered that his love might be returned, and he never convinced himself to ask the angel out. Whenever he gets close, Castiel stares at him eerily and Dean freaks out.
"Morning dad," Vanessa walks to the stove and hugs her father, he hums in response and focuses on the bacon.
To Dean's surprise, Castiel squeezes his hand gently and Dean's gaze quickly flicks to the angel's mouth to find it in a small smile. Something inside Dean explodes, he's holding hands with Castiel, hopefully in a romantic way and not in the friends kind of way. Although, he hasn't heard of friends holding hands, but that's beside the point.
"Okay, a lot, but can we go now?"
"I think you'll like it, it's about these color divided space marines that are kinda dumb and on opposite sides of a box canyon," Vanessa explains. "It's more of a comedy rather than action type of thing, just put it on you'll like it."
Dean scratches his plan of making a cherry pie and goes for an apple pie instead. "If you could make it anything else I'll be happy with it," Vanessa pushes away from the table. "I am going to go read, if you need me I'll be upstairs." Vanessa leans to kiss Dean on the cheek and walks towards the stairs.
"Are you watching?" Dean tries to push the wing out of his face but his fingers sink into the downy feathers. All Dean can hear is Sam laughing, which Dean wonders what this looks like for him, then a large splash and Castiel finally moves his wing to find Vanessa is in the pool.
Her eyes are drooping when she snuggles right back up against Castiel. "So what was it?" He asks, wrapping his arm around her.
"Fine. You're lucky you're my date," Dean smirks as Vanessa summons her phone in her hands and hits shuffle on her playlist. Dean should like most of the songs considering they have the same great taste in music, but Vanessa doesn't know about the rest.
Vanessa hiccups and sits back on the bed, trying not to be loud, Vanessa takes the necklace that is around her neck out of her shirts and fiddles with it. The slight sting of the silver anti-possession charm keeps her tied down to earth instead of her nightmare.
Dean sighs, hearing the low rumble in the distance tells him that a storm is coming, but the bull shit weatherman said that there will be no rain all week! Which was why he and Sam went camping this weekend. No cases for the whole weekend!
"I will be honest with you because I wanna get this done quickly, my name," Vanessa pauses to take a breath in, "my name is Vanessa Goodwin. Sarah Winston, you have not gone in for your reevaluation, and I have to bring you in for it."
"Is it another dragon?" Sam asks with a smile.
"No. He couldn't have made all of them, there are billions of animals, alive and extinct," Castiel explains, his gaze also not moving from the wolves.
"Of course, don't want to distract you any more than I already have," Castiel nods as he straightens out in his seat. "Thank you for a wonderful first date."
Hola! I hope y'all are having a wonderful day, my family is celebrating Christmas today with my dad because everyone except my dad is leaving in a couple of days to go to Ohio. So yea, enjoy the chapter.
"So you're a witch?" Dean asks as the anger in him quickly dies out and appreciation grows inside him instead.
"It would appear so," Castiel hums. They watch as the bald eagle starts to puff out and spreads its wings, and Castiel frowns.
"Well," Dean says as takes the spoon from his fist. "You hold it like this, and then you scoop the beans, which are in this can," he points to the steaming can in Tim's hand. "Then you put it in your mouth."
"Marina, I'm sure you already know what it is," Daniel grumbles.
"Alright. Okay, sounds good, it's fine sir, I'll take the new job, you can email me the info," Vanessa says before hanging up, she sighs then places her phone on the counter and takes the bacon off the stove.
"I do want to try and eat breakfast, so if you could let me go I can get dressed and we can go downstairs and try to eat," Vanessa sighs, Castiel unwraps his arms from her waist but his wings don't budge. "Cas, buddy, I kinda need you to move your wings."
Cas' wings shuffle uncomfortably, "maybe one or two."
Dean smiles and shakes his head, placing the cute shirt onto the wrapping paper and sizing it up. Hopefully, he'll get this done before Vanessa wakes up.
"What the hell" Dean slowly moves away from her and Sam does the same.
"Great then," Vanessa hears Dean mumble and throw the blankets off of him. "I'll change in the bathroom."
"How old were you when this came out, cause I was only four," Dean says, then pauses, "how old are you now?"
"Sorry," Dean rubs the back of his neck.
"He's going to murder us in our sleep and you're worried about movies," Sam snorts, moving to glance out the window.
"That'll come in handy" Dean says as he slowly turns to walk away, but she grabs his arm once more and turns him to face her.
Dean licks his lips to keep Castiel's taste fresh on his tongue. "Wow, Cas, that was amazing," Dean says breathlessly.
"Morning sleeping beauty, " a new voice says, "I got you your fish sandwich, as requested, with a Coke. I don't know what you really like so..." They trail off and take the seat next to her. She rubs her tired eyes and opens them, blinking to adjust to the light.
He falls onto the ground as Vanessa jumps on him, pinning his arms with her legs and she stabs him in the throat and turns the blade. She pulls it out and saws off his head. Vanessa sighs as she stands up and wipes the blood off on his shirt.
find it (under his mattress). On the cover is a beautiful Asian woman with blue eye shadow and red lips smiling sweetly, Dean frowns and furrows his brows. Shaking his head, Dean gently takes the magazine from Tim's hands and places it back on the rack. "Why don't you go grab a snack?"
she sings flawlessly. With a plate in hand, she walks over to Dean and sets it down next to his mug.
"But I found something cool, and you can keep it if you want," Vanessa hands Dean the rock with the tooth embedded in it.
Dean pushes the chair back and leaps from his chair. The last thing he hears is Daniel asking Castiel a question about his feathers and something about a spell as Dean quickly speeds up the stairs.
The back yard is huge! Dean estimates it at half an acre, with a massive pool in the middle. It has a white tile porch leading up to the pool. A fire pit is in the middle with a few chairs around it, next to it is a large round table that has dead flowers on it, and next to the table is a gorgeous grill.
"Good luck," Sam takes a sip of his drink and grabs the dice.
"Yeah" he calls out weakly and coughs. He tries to stretch out more so she can see him, but as soon as he moves his torso, he lets out a cry of pain and curls back up.
"Sam? Care to do the honors?" Vanessa turns to look at him, Sam nods and walks up to the black-haired girl and quickly cuts her head off. Her body drops to the ground and the curly-haired guy lets out a loud cry of pain that causes the rest to come running down the stairs behind Sam.
"That is our new guest, Tim," Dea replies, deciding that eleven in the morning is way too early for this.
"Perfect, I had this whole thing planned, but would you be okay going to a lake and fishing or something along those lines?" Dean's gaze breaks from Vanessa. She watches him lick his dry lips before she answers. "Cause we can do something normal, like a movie or dinner."
The thought of butterflies being huge and with stingers suddenly crosses his mind, and a small smile tugs at his lips as he tries imagining hitting one on the freeway.
"I did however read all about how you guys shift and the, umm, great siren war, although I can't remember the name, they were fighting over the Atlantic Ocean," Dean says with a grin.
"I'm, uhh, Dean," Dean offers his hand, the naked man just stares at it confused. "Dean Winchester," Dean drops his hand to his side.
"Can I make a suggestion?" Vanessa asks, "how about you carve the hearts and souls of theses boys and I bring you some fresh dragons heart?" She says with a straight face.
Dean reaches the halfway point as the figure becomes more and more human-like. Dean quickens his pace, not caring where he steps anymore, he trips on a branch of a fallen tree and tumbles the rest of the way down.
"W-what?" Vanessa sputters, propping herself on her elbows.
Vanessa hesitates for a split second then makes her move, she aims for his head and he dodges. He punches her in the stomach, she groans and stomps on his foot. He takes a step back and kicks her in the leg. She cries out in pain and drops to the floor, the vamp comes in for the kill but she stabs him in the knee.
"Got it," Dean opens the door for her and Vanessa looks over the egg, just to make sure nothing is out of place. The scales remind her so much of her own, except for the fact that they're mainly pink. The stripe of blue and the red freckles makes her wonder what the dragon inside will look like.
"Am I supposed to tell you?"
"For the record, dragons hearts are good for making you youthful" Vanessa says as she points get finger at the old witch and the knife shoots forward and straight through her head. As soon as she drops, Sam and Dean do too.
"It'll have to be much later, definitely after the full moon." She kisses Dean's jaw.
"Turkey bacon?" Dean stares at a strip of turkey bacon like it's the worst thing in the world, which it is.
"Of course," Vanessa materializes a badge in her jacket pocket and pulls it out to hand over as Castiel pulls out an actual badge. The old woman takes both of them, scans them, then hands them back.
"Really? They are gorgeous and funnily enough, they were my sister's favorites too. But she liked the red ones, and since she was the younger twin all of the vases just had to have red daylilies, not a hint of yellow in sight," Vanessa shakes her head lightly. "What's your favorite color?"
Dean blushed at the reprimand.  “Sorry.”  He said, opening the bag and inhaling, his eyes rolling back in pleasure.  “Try one?”  He offered to Tessa who hesitated a minute and then grabbed the bag and pulled one out.  She took a bite and the angry looked melted as she moaned in delight.
Crowley rubbed Dean’s back as Dean’s breathing calmed down.  At a raised eyebrow in question, Dean just shook his head. “I don’t know,” was all he said in a whisper.
Many thanks for the continued comments (sorry for the delay in responding to those too), and the story has passed the 600 kudos mark.  I cannot express how happy that makes me.  Thank you all so much.
“...What’s going on, Sam?” Dean asked. He was confused at this complete one-eighty of Sam’s, wondering if maybe Sam wasn’t aware of what he had said when he was out of it at the motel.
Hi everyone, I hope you all are staying healthy.
Well that conversation was a long time coming between Sam and Dean.
Hi everyone, I hope you all had a good week.  I'm sorry I'm late in posting again.  I had the chapter ready, and thank you again to AnotherWorld3111 for helping me so much with this chapter, but I've been reluctant to post, see below for notes.  Its pretty long but there was no good place to split it so I left it as one.
Cas pushed in slowly, and Dean reveled in every sensation.  The pleasure he felt had his head ready to explode, and then Cas paused when he bottomed out, balls snug against Dean’s ass.
Dean felt boneless.
Cas walked back in at the moment carrying a few beers and paused at the sound of Dean’s moan, his eyes going dark.  Dean caught his gaze and they just stared.
Dean frowned at the memory of Castiel kissing Meg, but pushed it aside.  He didn’t want to ruin this moment with self doubts or petty jealousy.  Cas and Dean after getting back from purgatory had finally admitted their feelings for one another and just agreed to try to make a relationship work.
“Hang on.”  Death said and Dean who was pacing back and forth stopped suddenly before he bumped into Tessa who stood there with an angry look on her face holding a bag of beignets.
Hang on, next chapter will be bad for Dean.
Enjoy!
After delivering their food, Sam looked at Dean and asked what Crowley wanted.
(See the end of the chapter for
Have a good weekend everyone.  I'll try to post again on Sunday.
God, Dean was so tired. He’d been trying his best to not sleep for too long. He just couldn't deal with Dream guy right now, not with everything else in his life going to shit.
“A golden cage.” Dean whispered.
“You don’t get to say no to me Dean.  Do I really have to train you all over again?”  John asked working Dean’s button open and unzipping his jeans, his arousal hard and pushing at Dean’s ass.
Dean didn’t even see Crowley arrive. He was so focused on watching Benny fighting but he turned and saw Crowley surrounded by Drake and the rest of his demon pals.  Crowley was holding his own but he is not as strong now that he is cut off from hell and he was outnumbered.
Kate’s smirking face morphed into a beautiful red headed demon, smiling up at Dean as he thrust into her.  Dean smiled back, his mind screaming kill, kill, kill while his eyes and mouth smiled seductively. Keeping up the act was so hard when Dean was filled with hate as the pain from all the torture ran through his mind, even as he kissed her jaw. He bit gently at her nipple making her cry out in pleasure, the screams of the demons he tortured, the horror of his mind being manipulated flooding his body. Abby screamed as she came and Dean quickly followed, her clenching pushing him over the edge.
Dean just shook his head and Benny tightened his hold on Dean.
I love all the comments and kudos.   Thank you!
Dean was harder than he had ever been in his entire life.  “No, ah, ah, no, wait, yes, yes, Cas!”  Dean quickly corrected with a gasp, blatantly lying with his last working brain cell.  Cas’ smirk widened.
Dean and Cas talk and both learn some truths.  Dean fears may get in his way.
John sneered as he watched the monsters all fuss around Dean who was lying on the bed, his top half in the vampire’s lap who was sitting up with his back against the headboard.  After the demon and vampire brought Dean back John was horrified at how badly Dean had been hurt.  “What an amateur that demon must have been.” John thought, but he admitted to himself that he was scared.  He didn’t want to lose Dean now that he was back.  He might have miscalculated in his plan to get Dean to come around and behave again, but John always learned from his mistakes.  He was thankful for the first time that the angel was around when he quickly healed Dean.
I hope everyone is staying healthy and safe.  Again I so appreciate the support you have shown me and this story with all the comments and kudos.  Have a great week everyone!
“I.. What?”  Dean faltered.
Unfortunately, Crowley chose a time when Dean was amped up on rage to visit. He popped in and after chuckling at Dean’s failed attempt to punch him simply asked.  “You have something to say?”
“You don’t know the half of it.”  Sam said and Death nodded sagely.
Dean shuddered because this was so familiar.  How many times had John said the same thing while Dean was growing up, always saying it was Dean’s fault.  “Fuck you.” Dean swore as he tried and failed to break John’s hold on him.
Here are the last two chapters for you.  This chapter was the original epilogue so it reads as such but I didn't want it to be confusing having two epilogues so I made it a chapter.
“Dean?”  Cas eyes narrowed when he finally realized Dean was hurt.  Cas had been so focused on Dean’s face and eyes, but now he took a step back and looked at the torn clothes and blood smears, the bruises forming on the skin that was visible.
Triggers for violence, torture, suicidal thoughts, sexual assault (anal), forced oral sex.
“Yeah brother, but I should know by now to expect the unexpected from you”.  Benny said with fondness.  “I thought I was a goner there for a minute, fuh-shaw.”
Cas walked up to Dean, ready to pull him into a long time coming hug, but Dean stepped back slightly. Cas immediately paused, a hurt expression flashing across his face. Sam could tell Dean saw it, and after a swift glance around, Dean stepped into Cas’ arms for a quick hug. Sam watched as again, Dean flinched at the contact, clearly not comfortable hugging Cas of all people, and he really started to worry that something else was going on. Unless it was just PTSD from everything Dean had been through? Or was Crowley treating him badly? Sam’s hand unconsciously tightened into a fist at the thought of Dean being Crowley’s pet.
“Cas, fuck, you're, you…”  Dean was mindlessly blabbering, overcome with pleasure.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay…” Dean said, his face blank once again. “So, then why?” Dean asked, a little anger bleeding into his voice despite his control. “Why would you do something so stupid Sam. You could have died!” Dean said, his eyes flashing.
So it was really not much of a surprise when Sam felt the bullet enter his abdomen just as he finished stabbing one of the four werewolves (Sam had only thought there was one in his defense). Sam gasped as pain blossomed through his body, and he fell to his knees. His eyes, already blurry from the alcohol in his system, blurred even further from shock and pain. He slumped to the floor, watching a werewolf bend over him with claws outstretched, ready to take his heart. Sam thought he was hallucinating when the werewolf froze and cried out in pain and a blade, or a bone rather, protruded through his chest. Sam looked up. He thought he saw Dean just before blackness sucked him under.
“I don’t understand what is so funny.”  Cas asked and Dean and Sam laughed a little more.  Dean patted Cas’ shoulder with affection.  “It’s just a spin on a presid… you know what Cas it doesn't matter.  I’ll change.”  Dean stated and he felt his stomach flutter with small butterflies at the smile Cas gave him in return.
Will Dean be stopped?  Cas and Dean have a first...
“Yeah, sorry ‘bout that.” Dean repeated, stuffing his hands into his pockets. God, he was so uncomfortable. He longed for the days when their relationship was easy and comfortable.
“See, now that's what we mean.” They said in unison. Dean quietly snorted, remembering and missing the way Sam and he used to do that.
POV is a little wonky.  This has not been beta'd and all mistakes are mine.
“Fuck! Are you crazy!” Dean yelled as he grasped at his bleeding limb.
After a few beats of heavy silence which had Dean starting to tense expecting to be hit, John just set his coffee cup down and asked “Do you still have my journal?”
Dean walked into the beach house with the goal of doing one thing.
Second, my amazing artist has finished all the pictures so a big huge thank you goes out to MidnightSilver for stepping in at the last minute, working like crazy to get them all done so quickly, and creating the most amazing beautiful pictures.
Wow guys, the story has gotten 101 kudos, and I am cannot thank you all enough.  Its really been helping to keep me motivated to keep writing.  I wrote another chapter this week.  I also really appreciate the comments.  So a big thank you again.
Dean looked into his angel's eyes and saw the truth of his words.  Maybe it was the beat down, or the emotional upheaval of their talk, or just everything that had happened recently, but Dean was done.  Done hiding, done avoiding, and done denying what he wanted.  With his heart almost beating out of his chest in fear and anticipation, Dean cleared his throat and licked his lips.
“I don’t actually think that is a problem,” Dean said with a smirk, but Crowley was not amused. No, he was aggravated. He had lost over thirty demons in the last month alone, and frankly, it was getting ridiculous. If he didn't figure out what was happening he would look weak.
Dean shook his head in denial and went to move toward John figuring he would take a shot but without missing a beat John turned the demon gun and shot Dean in the thigh causing Dean’s leg to buckle and Dean to fall to his knees.
“Watch your tone with me, Dean.” The man snarled, pushing Dean against the wall roughly.
Grunting with effort Dean rolled over to the angel blade.  He picked it up with his right hand as the left one was useless with the shoulder out of socket.  He locked eyes for a second with Benny who looked resigned as the demon with the knife raised it up but before he could swing down and remove Benny’s head Dean flung the demon blade which landed in the center of the demons back.  Its flickering death was all the distraction Benny needed as he jerked himself free and pulled the angel blade out of the dead demon and started to fight the remaining two.
“It’s really not.”  Death said dropping his hand and standing in agitation.  “Your father is working with some powerful magick.”
Have a good week!
Thank you all once again.  Enjoy!
Hi, Happy New Year!  I hope it is a great year for everyone.
Hi everyone, hope all is well.
“Hello Castiel, Sam.” Tessa said, glancing over her shoulder before she thrust the bag into Dean’s hands.  “You know Dean it's bad enough you two are hopping around through time and leaving me to cover but now I’m a food delivery person!”  Tessa snarled folding her arms across her chest and tapping her foot in anger.
