Clint’s eyes, those eagle eyes that never missed their target, zeroed in on him. “Stealing Cap’s BFF? Not cool, man.”
Tony rushed at him, throwing himself at his best friend and almost knocking himself out against the War Machine armor. “Fucking asshole,” Tony wheezed as Rhodey squeezed him.
Sam thought for a moment. “I kinda get what you’re saying. The dude who comes into the kitchen at six am in grease and ratty clothes, begging for coffee, isn’t quite who I was expecting.”
Tony opened his mouth to ask a question but closed it when Steve shook his head, lifting a finger to his lips. He looked at Dean. “Thanks,” Dean mouthed at Steve.
“What’s going on here?” Rhodey’s voice broke into the tension that hung in the air like a blanket. “Tony?” Sam and Bruce stood at his back.
“Hey!” Scott protested. “A little less of the mocking of the Quantum Realm traveler, please. I’m still trying to get past the fact that half the world has disappeared.”
Rhodey glared back at him. “First off, show some respect, dickhead. That’s Pepper you’re talking about. And second, there has been no hooking of any sort.”
Tony ran his fingers through Steve’s hair. “Fine, ostrich, we won’t talk about it until I’m in a nursing home, being fed through a tube and not knowing my own name.” It came out sharp and Steve flinched. “I’m sorry,” Tony whispered, turning so that he straddled Steve’s lap.
“I’m afraid that the facility has been appropriated by the United States military,” Vision replied. “Mr. Stark has made arrangements for you to be accommodated elsewhere.”
“Maybe he knows that it’s the last place that people would look for him,” Natasha suggested. “I don’t think he’s been back there in years.”
Steve nodded. “That’s a great idea, Nat.” Tony agreed. Sometimes laymen were the ones who came up with the easiest solutions.
Just then the elevator dinged, signaling its arrival. They all turned to look at it. As the doors slid open, Tony leaned forward.
“Tony,” Steve tried to get him to stop, to listen. His heart felt as though it was going to push its way up his throat and vomit out onto the floor. “There’s something I have to tell you.” He was a coward; he knew that seeing Bucky murder his parents was going to end this...whatever this was.
“We’ve been working on the issue of collateral damage,” Tony said. “The Other Guy has a better handle on his temper.”
He patted her hand. “I will be.” She smiled at him, nodded to the team, sent a glare Clint’s way and left. Clint’s pale and terrified face was pretty priceless. Tony hoped that F.R.I.D.A.Y. was recording this. It was better than any comedy he’d ever seen.
Steve had Bucky's face in his hands and was kissing the life out of him. Tony's heart sank. It made sense, really, he thought.
Steve waited for Bucky. Tony wouldn’t allow him to enter the compound. He sat beneath one of the huge trees surrounding the buildings and doodled awhile.
“She’s more like the physical manifestation of a hawk,” Tony said, coming into the kitchen with Bruce at his back. He pressed an absent kiss to Steve’s mouth, rubbed his thumb across Bucky’s lips. “She isn’t actually a bird.” He paused. “Come to think of it, I’m not even sure that she is a ‘she’.” His eyes ran covetously over the spread on the table. “Excellent, all food groups represented.” He headed for the nearest pile of bacon.
“I’m a walking, talking, breathing phenomenon,” Tony agreed. “But we are now done with the invasive alien probing.”
much. He’d never hoped for this. He’d lost his best friend and found him again. Found him in a way that was both new and familiar.
“It’s like a shadow.” Tony put a hand on Bruce’s shoulder. “It’s him, but not him. He has no memories of what he does or says as the Hulk, but the Other Guy knows us, trusts us, works with us.”
“He’s terrified of us,” Richards said. He squeezed just hard enough that Ross’ two goons passed out. Tony watched in fascination as his arms retracted again.
Just then Pepper burst in, followed by Rhodey. Her face was white and her eyes wild. “Tony!” She hurled herself into his arms. “You absolute asshole!”
“Not my fault.” Tony felt obligated to defend his own honor. “Bruce was the one who brought sex into the conversation.”
Tony wiggled his bare toes. “I'm worse than anyone,” he announced. It was the principle of the thing.
“He’s sorry for destroying my home and will bring me jewels,” Tony assured him, leaning back against Bucky’s bulk.
Tony was thoroughly confused. “Wait. So the immortal space-dude is just going to give it to us?” He could see his adventure in space flying out of the window.
“You don’t…” he gasped, throwing his head back when Tony darted his tongue into the slit, licking at the precome gathered there.
“With a few amendments of our own.” An usher handed a set of documents marked with a couple of tabs to Tony who passed it directly to Bruce.
“I don’t know the guy at all,” Steve said, “but he doesn’t strike me as the sort of person who will just give up his source of power.”
“Or you could just ask F.R.I.D.A.Y.” The machine burbled into life at Tony’s words. He stood in front of it, wondering if intravenous coffee drips would become a thing one day.
There was the sound of voices, and a tiny wizened old lady scuttled out from behind a fringe of beads. “Yes? He’p you?” she asked. She squinted, quite possibly using x-ray vision to peer into his soul, Tony thought.
Thor hugged him. “We shall search high and low, over land and sea to search out a cure for our friend,” he vowed.
Bruce frowned. “What set this off?” he asked. “This is light years ahead in technology.” He lifted his head to look at Tony. “What’s really going on?”
Steve was still, suddenly serious. “This isn’t a game,” he said. “It’s not something I take lightly.”
Steve carefully put a hand on Tony’s forearm, trying to ignore the tensing of muscles that very few knew were hidden beneath those outrageously priced suits. “I meant
And there was that little matter of time travel. He wasn’t supposed to be here. He’d been dropped into a life that wasn’t truly his own, that he didn’t deserve to claim as his own. Even if that previous life, where he’d been responsible for the death of one of his best friends, faded with every breath.
“Why aren’t you the perceptive boy,” Crowley crooned at Clint. Even the hairs in Tony’s nose stood up. “Now, what’s this about Lucifer and the Cage?”
“He said that the guy who went into the cave died there.” He thought that maybe Tony wouldn't mind him telling Bucky. “And the guy who walked out of the cave would spend the rest of his life making amends for the guy who died.”
“We’re going to steal an Infinity Gem from an immortal spaceman,” Tony told him gleefully. “In space.”
Tony felt the wet warmth of Steve’s come coating his and Bucky’s hands. Steve dropped against him, an exhausted dead weight that it took the two of them to move.
He perked up as he turned and shoved his butt at the warm water. Maybe with two boyfriends he’d be extra smart. It would be good idea to run some tests.
“We need to figure out how long we have until the wall comes down,” Bruce said, coming up on Tony’s right.
If Tony wasn’t in an already complicated and committed relationship then he might have been tempted. Of course, Dean might disembowel him if he tried. Dean had that wild, possessive air about him. Tony reckoned it was a case of like recognizing like.
Thor landed and Steve and Bucky were running almost before their feet touched the ground. “Status, F.R.I.D.A.Y.?” Steve called.
“Uh….” It seemed that Tony’s higher brain function had migrated to his lower brain function. His dick approved.
“You and Tony are, for want of a better expression, the parents of this group of mighty heroes,” Vision said. “It has always been your responsibility to hold us together. That you lied to each other is why the center did not hold.” It was slightly amazing that he could convey that much censure with absolutely zero inflection in his voice.
“As I am incapable of forming a corporeal body, I am assuming that Sir is detecting the concern in my tone.” JARVIS could out-prim the goddamn Queen of England.
“Sorry,” Scott mumbled. “I’m a general all-around fuck-up so I tend to believe the worst about people.”
“Buck needs someone he can trust.” Steve sighed, putting his book and pencils down. “I’m too invested, and keep wanting him to be the Bucky I grew up with. The guy that I got back is not that Bucky anymore. It’s taken far too long for me to realize that.”
In the comforting embrace of titanium, vibranium and the technology of the Mark XLVIII, Tony started to breathe again. “I’m okay,” he rasped.
“I think that would be a better option,” Natasha agreed. “Protecting humanity is our primary objective, right?” She raised an eyebrow at Steve.
“My brother is being tricksy, once more,” Thor said, leveling Loki with a look. Tony noticed that Loki was pretty happy to let Thor take over which was interesting. He filed that away to take out and examine later.
“Let me in,” Tony rasped, his body starting to shake. He heard Xavier call out but motioned for Happy to close the door and lock it.
“And I can accompany the others on the mission,” Thor offered. “I would be grateful for the distraction.” He rolled his shoulders. “A conflict with Midgardian villains should be enough to keep my mind off my traitorous brother for a while.”
Tony opened his mouth. And closed it again. Something was wrong. “Where am I?” he asked, his voice suddenly very small.
“If you think you’re rusty, I can go a few rounds with you,” she offered, turning for one last glare at Steve. “Do it!”
Tony nodded, opened his eyes. “I grabbed it and flew as far up into the wormhole as I could.” He tried to smile. “I had sort of resigned myself to it being a one-way trip.”
“Why are Midgardians so concerned with their genitalia?” Loki mused. “It seems to come up far too often.”
Steve huffed out a frustrated breath. “Don’t be an idiot,” he grumbled, knowing that he was fucking this all up. “I get attached,” he tried again.
“Bucky asked me not to say anything to Steve.” Tony wouldn't look at Bruce now. Although it had less to do with the naked and more to do with his own shame.
Tony slumped in relief. “Yeah.” They sat for a moment in silence, both buried in regrets and recriminations.
“Well, the person identified has been reported as killed in action.” JARVIS paused again. “In 1944.”
Tony stepped back, stepped away and turned to face the others. “Good to see you guys. It’s been a while. Don’t be strangers.”
Natasha ignored him. Tony wasn't going to call her on that. It might end up with him sporting a few less appendages than he currently carried. “Why didn't you stay?” Her voice was low, sad and wistful.
This wasn’t how the story was supposed to go, Tony thought a little hysterically. He was never supposed to get the boy. It seemed as though Bucky hadn’t got that particular memo.
Tony crumpled against Steve suddenly. He staggered under the unexpected weight. For a brief, panicked moment he thought that perhaps Tony had suffered another angina attack and then Tony muttered into his shoulder. “I was so terrified, you see. I thought the vision that Wanda had given me was going to come true if you didn’t sign.”
“Atlantis has indicated that you are not all that you seem,” Pepper said, giving the book to Steve. “That there is more to you than meets the eye.”
“I am just here to inform you that I am leaving later today. The United Nations has called an emergency meeting that I cannot miss.”
“Perhaps Sir should remember who he is talking to,” JARVIS reminded him, censure heavy in his tone. “Captain Rogers is not only a remarkably outstanding physical human specimen; he is also a very good person.”
“You really aren’t,” Bucky said. “We must be nuts.” He smiled too. “Now, get your ass over there and do your thing so that we can leave this shithole.”
“No.” Steve’s voice was firm. “You clearly need to learn about control.” He moved around behind Tony, pulling him back and up into the vee of his legs. His cock was hard against Tony’s back.
“There are two of us to keep you from suffocating us with your emotions.” Bucky’s mouth curved in a smirk. “I’m sure Stark and I can manage your clingy self.”
There may be a delay to the next update - holidays are upon me & I have family visiting from across the world.
“Tony, I’m sorry we took so long. That you died.” Steve shook his head. “When Bruce told me that I was too late…” he choked up, blue eyes anguished. “I failed you.”
Bucky grinned, more and more of that asshole kid from Brooklyn peeking through all of the time. “What a way to go though, right?” He saluted them both and left.
“To be fair, Pep, I didn’t exactly try all that hard to get through to them. Maybe that was my fault.” Tony had no idea why he was defending them.
He held out his hands. “Where else can they go?” he asked again. “Who else will take them in and not put them in chains as they step off the plane?”
want us,” Bucky corrected, keeping his hands on Steve’s arms as he relaxed against Tony. Steve wondered what he’d done to deserve even the possibility of this…of them.
It felt true as he saw Bruce put a hand on Bucky’s shoulder, bending over at the waist as he wheezed with laughter.
Steve and Bucky both stood there, faces expectant. Their eyes travelled down Tony’s body and then back up again, much like Natasha’s had, but that hadn’t given him a boner.
Strategy sessions. The Cloak of Levitation may have a fetish. Steve realises he's in a lot of trouble.
Tony’s mouth ticked up in a smug little smile. “You saying you can’t resist me?” He looked entirely too delighted at the prospect.
“You overreacted back in LA,” Bucky said, eyes narrowed. “Ran away instead of insisting that we cater to your every broken-up boyfriendly need.”
“I love drugs,” Clint said, grinning at Bruce. “They are literally the only things that shut Stark up.”
“The debt is mine to pay,” Loki said. “Can we just leave it at that?” Thor’s frustrated expression echoed Steve’s emotions.
“Three of the six stones are gone,” Bruce said. “Vision still has his. So that leaves the Soul Stone unaccounted for and the Time Stone.”
His brain was definitely exploding, he thought. There was no actual way that Bucky Barnes had just outed his relationship with Steve after catching them kissing.
“Once F.R.I.D.A.Y. informed me that you were coming back here, I thought it best to be here myself,” Vision said serenely, nodding at Wanda as she strolled past him. “There was no longer a need to avoid your questions.”
I forgot to add possible triggers due to anxiety attacks :( Bad Cyd - apologies to those who may have not been warned.
Tony wanted to ask Thor what he’d done with Steve’s body, but he had an idea that it wouldn’t be the first time he’d asked the question.
Scott’s chest puffed out a little. Steve could almost see the smoke coming out of Tony’s ears. “A time heist.”
Crowley tipped his head. “Interesting question, James.” He seemed to think about it seriously. “I’m never sure, you know.” He ran a hand across the naked back of a beautiful woman who was crying as a huge man thrust into her over and over again.
“The last time you tried to talk to me you found out that I’d been lying to you for years.” Steve wasn’t pulling his punches either. “And then you tried to kill me and my best friend.”
“Don’t let the door hit your ass on your way out,” Tony called as Fury swept out in a dramatic swirl of leather and pissed-off-itude.
Bucky was white as he tried to get Tony to look at him. Rhodey moved between Strange and Tony, putting his hands on Tony’s cheeks, patting and calling to him. Nothing worked. Whatever Strange had done, Tony wasn’t there in the room with them right now.
“He kept checking up on me.” Bucky rubbed at his face. “Like he cared.” He shook his head. “I didn’t understand that. My life up till then was just a series of orders and reboots.”
Bruce shook his head. “I’m flying blind here, Steve. The composition of the venom should not be causing this.”
“They’ll still keep looking for the rest of us.” Steve rolled off the bed, going to crouch at her feet. He took her hands, trying to ignore the ropes of scarlet that twisted around his wrists. “I won’t let you do this. You chose to follow me because you were afraid of what the government would do to you.”
“Funny way of showing it?” Tony murmured, but without the heat or anger from before. “You didn’t call.”
Clint stifled a yawn and then snuggled a bit further into the huge bean-bag he’d appropriated. “I thought that was me?”
Thor and Natasha took a couple of hours to come back. Clint refused to say anything until they got there. Steve was at the point that he was just going to wrestle Clint for the notebook and pride be damned.
“I know it’s not my place, Colonel, not any more. But please, just tell me that he’s not in danger.” Steve had not often begged, but he was prepared to do more if it meant that Rhodes would tell him about Tony.
Bruce groaned. “Seriously, how did we go from quantum mechanics to picking favorites?” Tony wondered who he was talking to. Bruce glared at him.
“So you’re still the baddest ass around, Nat?” Clint asked her as they headed to the training arena.
“We will never defeat Thanos if he gets all of the stones.” Strange didn’t mince words. “As long as one of the stones is destroyed and I have the Time Stone, he can do nothing more.”
“In Brucie-Bear’s lab,” Tony replied. “He started talking about the laws of physics, and the properties of the cosmos varying randomly from one patch of space to another. I stopped paying attention to cosmology a long time ago.”
The fact that a second super soldier was all up in his space barely registered a second later when Steve leaned over and kissed Tony’s neck. “Found a way to shut him up,” he murmured to Bucky against Tony’s skin.
Steve shrugged and shook his head, keeping his eyes on the Asgardians. “Can we trust him, Wanda?” he asked without looking at her.
Thor had gone as pale as a ghost. “Did you say, Loki?” His voice was a ruined thing, guttural and terrified.
Tony nodded and called, “Hey, F.R.I.D.A.Y. please can you put on the under-floor heating in the main bathroom?” He took Steve’s hand. “I don’t like my ass being cold.” The floor beneath them immediately started warming up.
“Other than him being my Rhodey to your Tony, no.” A tiny smile crossed Steve’s mouth. ‘And I think both Bucky and Jim would not be happy about that comparison.”
Tony shrugged one shoulder. “He’s small, but scrappy.” He strolled up to Clint. “It’s good to see you, Barton.”
“Oh, I’ll kick your ass if you fuck him over again,” Rhodes said. “But I’ll leave the actual dirty work to the Hulk. He loves Metal Man.”
“Just Crowley is fine, American Pie,” Crowley said. “Unless you’d like to call me, Your Majesty?” He quirked his mouth and Tony realized that the fucker was flirting with
“Let’s be real here,” Tony said, trying not to laugh. “You’re both fossils from another age. You know nothing about modern dating.”
Whatever he had done, it seemed as though his new time had taken a completely different turn. The SRA was hopefully a fading memory and he had a whole new mystery to solve in the Serpent Crown.
going to discuss this later,” Steve told them both. He could feel that icy core melting, the one that had resigned itself to wanting and never getting.
Steve dropped his face into one big hand. “You’re such a jerk, Buck.” Even the tips of his ears were red, Tony noted.
“You’re going to have to trust me, Colonel.” Right now, Steve didn’t know if that was going to happen.
The doorbell chimed again. “You planning on answering that at any stage, Tones?” Rhodey asked, an entirely fake supportive BFF grin on his face. Tony was
“I know,” Steve said, leaning in so that he was breathing softly against Tony’s lips. Without permission, Tony’s mouth opened and for that moment they were taking in each other’s air. It was intimate as fuck and Tony felt that squirrelly tension twist in his stomach again.
“You can’t save the world on an empty stomach,” Steve pointed out. He was being reasonable. Tony hated reasonable people. Except when they looked like Steve. Then he liked them. A little.
“Guys,” Steve didn’t want a pep talk. “We don’t know what the situation is or why Bucky is with Tony. I don’t want to make any assumptions.” But he had. He’d assumed so much after realizing that Bucky and Tony were together.
Tony realized that it wasn’t as dark as he thought it was. As his eyes adjusted, he could see distant spots of light that looked like stars.
“I am beginning to believe that my brother acted in haste,” Thor said. “If you remember, the creature was looking to attack me. Our foolishly brave friend got in the way.”
Tony’s laugh was short and bitter. “Until you found out that Bucky Barnes was alive and everything we’d built came crashing down.”
Tony lifted his head to see Steve waving at him. Bucky was plastered to his side. He grinned. “Let them in.”
Bucky’s eyes were red-rimmed and glassy. “I lost the love of my life, Tony and I have no fucking idea how to live without him anymore.” He fell forward into Tony’s arms; face hot in Tony’s neck.
Tony shook his head. “I’m not signing up for that rah-rah hero shit, Steven. We’ve had this conversation already.”
Steve put up his hand. “Excuse the ignorance of the non-scientist, non-alien, but how can Loki’s child be the cause of the destruction of the universe?” He looked at Tony. “I thought you said the snake was the wall between our universe and Asgard.”
“We can’t force him to come back, sir.” Steve wanted Tony back in the worst way, but not if he didn’t want to return. He’d volunteered for his mission. He would only ask the same of his team.
“Death cannot be cured, James!” Tony hollered, whimpering again when his head fell off his shoulders.
Fuck. Shit. Fuck. Two years ago he’d still been with Pepper. “Hi,” he squeaked. “Thanks for letting me lie in.”
“Hm,” Tony tapped his lip. “You could be right.” He brightened. “How about I choose the person you both try to chat up and let them decide?”
“Sir, I believe that the Captain has been located,” JARVIS said. One of the monitors changed and Tony spotted the motionless body on the edge of the river.
Jim held out his new arm, hand open. “I’m so glad I met you, Tony Stark. Thank you for my arm, thank you for my sanctuary.”
“You can’t stay here forever.” Bruce was using his ‘reasonable’ voice, as though Tony was some sort of idiot.
Steve came over to Coulson, holding out his hand. “While I’m not happy about being lied to, I’m really glad that you’re alive, Agent Coulson.” Coulson shook his hand with a small smile.
“I’m not that guy anymore,” Steve said, lifting his head again. “I don’t really like who he grew up to be.”
“I can help with that,” Natasha said. “I know exactly what Tony stocks in his bar.”  Rhodey gave her grateful eyes. She just laughed as she headed to the bar. “Anyone else for something while I’m up here?” Several of them put their hands up.
“Well, that’s a dick move,” Tony declared from the bathroom door. “You started without me.” There was the hint of a pout.
Tony’s respect for Bruce went up several notches right then. He seemed to understand instinctively that Bucky was a trauma survivor. He knew there would be boundaries, things that Bucky wouldn’t be okay with. Bruce knew these things because he was a survivor too.
Bucky snapped his fingers. “You can play happy house husband later,” he told Steve. “Right now, I’d like to make sure Tony’s first experience with us contains as little pain as possible.”
“What about taking the fight to him?” Steve asked. “Not sitting back and waiting for the hammer to fall. Sorry big guy,” he said with a small smile at Thor.
The expression on Bucky’s face was unreadable. Or maybe it was just that Tony was so very, very drunk. He ducked his head under the water, closing his eyes and feeling abruptly one thousand percent sober.
“Peter once told me that with great power comes great responsibility,” Vision said “It is the only way.”
“It has something to do with a registration act.” Charles Xavier’s smooth voice had them turning to him. “I wasn’t expecting anyone else.”
Rhodey laughed. “He’s a handful.” His phone started ringing and he stepped away from the group to take the call.
job for all our lives,” Dean said. “Saving people, hunting things.” He’d said that a good few times before, Tony reckoned.
Crowley’s mouth twisted. “In a remarkable bit of mismanagement, our Father decided that there should be a place for his errant son to reside.”
“You met him five minutes ago,” Steve said, irrationally angry at Bucky’s calm insouciance. “You don’t know anything about him.”
“Steve, man, say it ain’t so?” Sam begged, eyes wide with shock. “You wouldn’t do that to your friend.”
“Literally,” Tony shot back, and they started giggling because of course they had no self-control even in the General Assembly of the United Nations.
“It’s okay,” Tony assured him. “I’m glad you did. You’re welcome here, stay as long as you want. As long as you need.”
Tony liked kissing Steve. Sure, up until today he'd figured that at best, Steve tolerated him. However, the past few hours had indicated that perhaps a little more than tolerance was involved.
Tony held out his fist and Dean bumped it. “Sounds like fun.” He could practically feel Steve glaring at him.
“I’m willing to try, if you are sure, my friend.” Thor walked over to Vision. “But this does not feel right.”
Tony didn’t look at his eyes. They’d turned into pitiless flames. “Right now, I’m the only one here,” Tony pointed out. “And you can’t get out.”
“Meant to ask you earlier,” Bucky drawled, keeping his voice low. “Just what are we all supposed to be doing while Tony does his magical arithmetic thing?”
“Steve.” Bucky stared at Steve like the entire universe had just been handed to him on a platter. “I know you now.”
Rhodes turned in his seat. “Seriously, Rogers. You arrive in the US with a body in tow and a should-be-dead assassin sitting next to you with no restraints. You’re a fucking menace.” The look of disdain on Rhodes’ face was even worse than his words.
“Fuck that!” Dean spat. “You’re not his bitch anymore and I won’t let him fuck you over again.” His hand shook as he reached out to Sam.
“You’re being an idiot.” Natasha was tugging off her gloves. She’d just been kicking Sam’s ass, hardly breaking a sweat. “Just call him and tell him that you love him and miss him and want to have his little Iron babies.” Her mouth tilted on one side in a smirk.
Steve told Bucky about waking up and seeing Peggy and Duggan still alive. Bucky had put a hand on Steve’s arm when he talked about Peggy not remembering things anymore. About their first mission together as the Avengers. Telling Bucky about Thor had raised his eyebrows.
“I’m equally pleased to see you all returned from your little adventure in one piece, Captain.” Coulson’s eyes crinkled a little at Natasha. “Widow.”
Steve grinned at him, grabbing another mug and pouring more coffee in it. “Nope, the guy that just kissed you was Steve Rogers. He’s a little slow but once he decides on something, he’s pretty determined.” He handed Tony the mug and sauntered away, leaving Tony gaping after him in the kitchen like a particularly demented goldfish.
Thor grunted. “He will not remain still!” He spun around, sweeping a leg and taking Bucky’s legs out from under him. He grinned in satisfaction, offering Bucky a hand up. “You are an excellent warrior, friend Bucky.”
Steve fell into Tony, wrapping him in his arms as he shoved his tear-damp face into Tony’s neck. “I thought I’d lost you,” he breathed into warm, alive skin.
“Yes, Tony, I know them too,” Natasha said, her voice muffled in Dean’s embrace. “Stop gold-fishing.”
“Oh my god,” Bruce moaned. “It’s bad enough that we have to deal with Tony and Bucky, now we have another one.”
Pepper nodded. “He and Bucky have been best friends for most of their lives. When Steve decided to play football, Bucky joined him to protect him.”
“Brother, you should trust my friends as I do.” Thor stared at Loki’s mutinous face. “If you trust me…”
Steve flushed. “I meant that I could see what all the fuss was about, I have eyes, but he was my friend. So I didn’t look too closely.”
“F.R.I.D.A.Y. please make a note that the double-slit experiment is wrong and that particles remain particles and are not observed as waves.”
“While I love the thought of you wanting to see me so desperately, I’m not entirely sure I’m the reason for your visit.” Bruce did dry like a desert. Right then he was the Sahara.
Bruce looked at Bucky, ignoring the dramatics. “Want to come down to my lab and we can have a look at the nasty critters running amok in that brain of yours?”
Loki’s eyes, the same cat-like green of Matilda’s, narrowed. “I always repay my debts,” he said, lifting his chin. “Within reason, of course.”
Steve shrugged. “How hard can it be? I mean we’ve been to Asgard. Tony’s taken a trip through a rip in the universe. An excursion to Hell sounds like fun.”
“Didn’t think they’d be sending you to check up on me,” Clint confessed. “You’re usually the one they have to send someone to apologize for.”
Wanda made a face. “He thinks he is wise, but much of his posturing is fear.” Tony planned on having a long chat with Wanda at some point.
“The last meeting between the serpent and Thor is predicted to occur at Ragnarök, when Jörmungandr will come out of the ocean and poison the sky. Thor will kill Jörmungandr and then walk nine paces before falling dead, having been poisoned by the serpent's venom.”
“You okay now?” Bucky asked, crouching down to stare at Tony. His cocky grin had been replaced with concern. “You normally don’t get anxiety attacks out of the blue.”
“I put him down first,” Bucky said. “He promised me money, a new arm, a chance to start again. He recognized me. I wasn’t wearing the mask yet.”
The earth beneath him gave a groan and started moving. “I should learn to shut up,” Tony muttered to himself. And then the huge dome of heavy wood that curved above them began to move as well. Tony gave a panicked glance over at Skurge and Jörmungandr, but they seemed frozen in place. “Uh, guys?”
“And then just folds his arms over his chest and waits for you to crack like an egg,” Bucky finished.
Ugly Dude, who bore a more than passing resemblance to Squidward, spoke, “Hear me, and rejoice. You are about to die at the hands of the Children of Thanos. Be thankful, that your meaningless lives are now contributing to...”
“Hey, why didn’t you say something?” Clint turned to Wanda. “Couldn’t you have ‘read’ him or something?” He waved a hand in the air like a baton.
Tony put a hand to his chest. “I don't snore.” J.A.R.V.I.S. might have had something to say about that but J.A.R.V.I.S. wasn't here. In fact J.A.R.V.I.S. wasn't anywhere, Tony thought. He should probably check in on Vision sometime. He was sort of his kid, right?
“Of course.” Bucky lifted his head then, met Tony’s eyes. “I don’t know exactly who I am anymore, but that’s the one thing I’m sure of.”
“Stark Air would like to welcome you to your non-stop flight to New York. As this is an economy flight, I’m afraid there will be no refreshments served.” Tony could actually feel Steve’s eyes rolling.
Steve shook his head. “I don’t want to think deep things,” he rasped. “I want to make love to my boyfriend and have my other boyfriend make love to me.” He met Tony’s eyes. “If you’re okay with that?”
Just like that, Tony had enough. “And they don't grant visas to weapons of mass destruction!” He let Steve see the rage in his own eyes.
“They’re on their way.” Tony ended the call and turned to face his friends. “T’Challa reckons they’ll be here in a couple of hours.” It was late, the kids were in bed, and they were all in the kitchen enjoying one of Bruce’s special teas. Tony was sure there was something more to the ‘tea’ but teasing Bruce tended to end up with Tony hanging upside down by the foot thanks to the Other Guy.
Steve launched himself at Bucky, half-laughing, half-yelling, trying to shut his mouth with his big hand.
Tony wanted to invent a time machine and go back to the forties and find the monsters that had done this to Bucky and destroy them atom by atom.
“The blond over there,” Tony said, turning Bucky so that he could see where Steve was dancing with Wanda.
Clint and Sam returned with Rhodey following them. They had plates piled high with the makings of sandwiches. “What did we miss?” Sam asked.
Tony held out his hand. “Don’t make me regret giving you this time to sort your shit out,” he said. “Betty always said you were the best dad. Mine wasn’t that great. Honor her memory.”
I am so sorry for being so late with this update. This is hell month in the retail industry so my brain is fried. Hope you enjoy.
Steve bit back his reply and thought about the question. He closed his eyes. “He’d have been just another lab rat to them, sir.”
She smirked at him. “Please, you’re so whipped it’s not even funny.” She ignored him as he sputtered his denial.
Jim met his gaze, bleak and broken. “I remember bits and pieces,” he admitted. “Parts of a life that mean nothing anymore, and at the same time they mean
Barton hurled himself against the climbing wall, shimmying up the wall like some demented monkey. “Now that’s a threat I can’t say I’ve heard before,” he cackled as he scrambled to the top.
My hand is much better :D So hopefully I'll be getting back to weekly updates. Thanks for hanging in there...I hope you enjoy
Tony gaped at him. “You let them go?” He wanted to shout it at Steve, because seriously, didn’t anyone understand how fucking serious this situation was?
Vision popped up on the patio, face confused. “I may have interrupted something,” he said as he walked inside.
Thor stood firm. “The Space Stone must not return to Midgard. We need to keep the Infinity Gems as far away from each other as we possibly can. There is too much danger, too much opportunity for the corruption of power.”
“Grab on to my hands, my friends,” Thor instructed. “I can fly us up to the living space before the elevator would even arrive on our floor.”
“I can go with him,” Sam offered. Steve looked at him in surprise. “I’m going out of my mind with boredom, Cap. I’m sure Rhodey and I will be back before the big plan goes into action. Whatever the fuck that may be.”
“Exactly!” Scott flung out his hands. “I’m a fluke already, so it’s like a double fluke, which totally cancels out!”
Tony couldn’t decide which he preferred more. Then he remembered that he didn’t have to choose. He got to have both.
“But of course, he’s a hero,” Natasha said, her eyes still on where Tony lay. “I wouldn’t always call him super, but…”
He pulled on his pants and headed to the elevator, grateful when it was empty. He really hadn’t wanted to see anyone on the way to his rooms he thought, pressing the button for his floor. A hot shower and clean clothes would do him the world of good.
“I’m not even going to ask.” Bucky started the shower, holding his new artificial arm beneath the water. He looked back at Tony. “I can actually feel the heat of the water,” he said, voice soft and marveling.
“No, he hasn’t.” Steve wanted to run back to that hospital room and make Tony listen, make him forgive him, make him not regret the last year of their lives. They followed Rhodes into the elevator, watching the numbers of the floors counting up.
.” Steve shoved a hand through his hair, messing it up further. “And everyone knows that I wasn’t a leader alone. I always had you at my side, calling me on when I was being too rigid, challenging me when I got too in my head. If we can work our shit out, then maybe we have a shot of making the team work again.”
Bucky’s mouth ticked up on one side. “I remember enough about you to know that’s a whole crock of bullshit, Rogers.”
Tony was surrounded by people who were the epitome of cool. Right now he was the utter opposite of cool, with his sweat soaked shirt and his heaving chest. He was the kid that got picked last for the basketball team.
Steve decided to step in. He'd caused enough misunderstandings already. “I made a mistake. I overstepped.” He met Tony's gaze squarely. “You shouldn't have left.”
Vision frowned. “There are no bones involved in humor, Tony. It’s merely a matter of…” He paused, computing what Tony had said. “Ah, one of your human colloquialisms. I see. Ha ha.”
Tony wanted to pull his hair out. “You have the finest mind in the world...!” He stopped. “You have the
“I’ll live,” Tony told her, motioning her closer. “You?” He held out a hand and she grabbed onto it like a lifeline.
“Pep, it’s the only time I can get honest commentary from a beautiful woman,” Tony said. “I know you don’t want to get into my pants so you won’t lie.”
“You don’t think we were too rude, do you?” Steve asked. He frowned. “I just wanted….” He struggled for the words.
“I’ve been running diagnostics for the past hour and his system is,” he paused. “There’s no other word for it. His system is compromised.”
Tony wanted to poke at Bucky, demand what the fuck he’d been spilling to Steve while he’d been running around the jungle looking for Big Green.
“Agreed,” Tony said, standing up, and coming to sit next to Steve on the sofa. “So, if we don’t fight, then what are our options?”
Waving goodbye to the others, the Winchesters headed outside to the barn with Tony and Clint. The Impala was parked inside, gleaming in the sunlight that shoved through the wooden panels of the barn. Tony sighed wistfully. “She’s a beauty.”
Steve shook his head. “No. This time, we read them properly. Maybe have a round-table read and take the time to understand what they involve; who we’re accountable to, what is required of us. Tony didn’t go into the UN without making sure we….” He stopped. “He didn’t abandon us, even though we abandoned him.”
Tony stood as well, remaining at Strange’s side, ignoring everything and everyone around him. It made Steve feel sick. This wasn't the man he knew.
Lucifer howled, beating his wings against the bars of the Cage. “I will hunt down your children and sever them limb from limb,” he screamed.
Tony opened the faceplate again. “Fury knows everything, man. He’s like the All-Seeing Eye of Sauron.” He stopped at Bruce’s amused grin. “I wouldn’t be surprised if he knows you’re here anyway.” He wasn’t kidding.
Tony secretly loves all of them. Even if he says he hates them. Bucky makes a move. Steve doesn't freak out. Still no sex though.
Tony stepped back, away from Steve, away from Bucky, hands up in peace. Steve watched Bucky’s eyes flit to Tony and then back to him. Bucky was a trained observer, a super-soldier like Steve, there was no way he’d miss the nuances.
Steve watched as Bruce skimmed through the CAT scans Tony had taken. “What’s the prognosis, Doc?” Bucky asked. He was perched on one of the workbenches, seemingly nonchalant, but Steve could see the fine tension thrumming through him.
He held up a hand. “No. It's okay. I mean, Bucky came here to heal. I reckon he's healed pretty well, don't you?” He waved the same hand at the window. He didn't look out again.
Tony produced the arm with a flourish. “Ta-da!” DUM-E made a whirl in the middle of the workshop, arms raised and chirping loudly. Tony grinned.
“Tony, explain,” Steve commanded. “I’ve barely woken up, and can’t deal with cryptic information right now.” He didn’t mention the talking bird because that was an entirely different conversation.
She lifted her lip in a sneer. “You may have Death fooled, but you can’t fool me, honey.” She pointed at him. “I can see the fear in that pretty face of yours. You’re terrified of what’s going to happen to you when you die for the last time.”
He could remember less and less now from that former life. The only things that were still strong memories was the image of Steve dying in his arms. He prayed that he’d done enough to stop it happening.
Tony’s brain blanked. He was going to have to go to a neurologist to help him with these sudden losses of cognitive function. That or he was needing to get his hearing checked.
“He’s got them.” Natasha’s mouth curled into a smile. A real, beautiful, wide smile that lit up her face with job. “That insane, amazing, genius.”
“It is a copy of the Accords, with a few amendments added,” Tony said. “I would appreciate your time as I go through my suggestions. The first change is marked by a red tab. If you can entertain me as I sum it up for you?”
Tony decided that arguing with him wasn’t going to help. “Sure,” he said. “Bring me a jewel or mead or something.”
Clint, Natasha and Sam were draped artistically over the sofas in the living room when he walked inside, studiously avoiding looking at them. Steve had no doubt they'd been watching what was going on with him and Bucky.
Bucky looked over at Tony. “Yes, go, please, talk, braid each other’s hair, get.” Tony waved them off.
“She looks like she could eviscerate me with her pinkie.” Rhodey sounded far too excited at the prospect.  Pepper glared at him.
Tony, Bucky and Steve all exchanged careful glances. “His.” They all pointed at each other at the exact same time.
“I have access to the S.H.I.E.L.D. files on all of you,” Vision said. “Doctor Strange is truly an ally.”
Thor held out a small silver box. “The All-Father told me to give this to you. His words to me were, “Give the Man of Iron this from me. Tell him that he has no need of his artificial heart.” And here it is.” Thor shoved the box into Tony’s hands.
“Jeez, I'm clearly a catch,” Tony muttered, heart sinking. Bucky wasn’t going to be okay with what Tony had told him.
“That’s going to have to wait until he gets back,” Steve said. He tapped his earpiece. “Pepper, you hear me?”
Steve nodded. “I owe him so much more than that, but I guess it’s a start.” He stood. “Thank you for making the time for me, majesty.”
Loki’s face was pale as he almost seemed to fold in on himself. “When I wanted to leave, Fasolt told me I could only depart his realm if I would replace the son that Laufey had lost.”
Tony zigged when he should have zagged and tripped over his own feet. With a crow of triumph, Rhodey threw himself on top of him, sending the air whooshing out of his lungs in an explosion.
“Just keep it together, buddy,” Tony said, “Cap and his buddies have stopped whatever Pierce was planning to do. I’ve got JARVIS scanning all frequencies to find our errant Avengers.”
Sam started edged back towards the trees that he’d indicated earlier, still fighting alongside Dean. “I think we’ll be dead long before they stop,” he said. “We should keep moving.”
Steve looked down at his hands. “I don’t know what you mean by trouble.” He couldn’t think about anything else. Bucky’s name was a refrain that wouldn’t leave his head.
sorry. RL has been kicking my ass and then it was the US Open and my perfect love Roger lost and I am devastated....not that y'all care.
“You really shouldn’t have, Tony,” Bruce helped himself before Tony could get there. Tony’s eyes narrowed. “I’m feeling a little green today so this will definitely do the trick.”
“She didn’t say anything once I shot her husband.” Bucky looked down at his hands. “She spat at me.”
Tony stared at the cauldron. “Is that what this is...?” Strange’s extremely strange and unsettlingly sentient cloak smacked Tony’s arm. He snatched it from the cauldron, glaring at the cloak. “I'm going to allow that.”
“If you don’t kill us all first.” Bruce’s mutter was almost drowned out by the sound of laughter outside the lab.
He cradled Matilda in his arms like a piece of porcelain. “Loki was a trickster, a magus,” he explained. He ran a hand over Matilda's thick fur. “I did not doubt that the Wraith would seek him out as a particularly delicious meal.” The yowl told them all just how Matilda felt about that particular statement.
Tony shuddered. He’d been so eager to make amends for Ultron that he hadn’t seen the similarities. “We can’t let it happen,” he said, his throat very dry.
Bruce looked over at Clint, determination to ignore them all shining in his eyes. “Alright, Clint. We're going in 3... 2... 1.”
It was even worse than he thought. The flashes of memory were like an iceberg. And he was the fucking Titanic.
“Too late, I’m on my way.” Tony peered out of the tinted window to determine where they were. “We’re about ten minutes out.”
Steve leaned against the wall, watching the chair still pulsating with light. “Just what did Tony pick up out there?” he mused.
“I’m afraid we aren’t going to be able to accommodate you,” Steve said, not sounding apologetic at all. “Now, how about you let us pass and nobody else gets hurt?”
Tony knew his smile was smug. “Definitely door number one,” he said. And scowled. “Not that we’ve actually managed to get any further than some kissing.” He glared at Bucky. “You need to fix that,” he said.
“Anything I can help with? You two were a real asset on this one.” Tony offered. “I have the resources of the multiverse at my fingertips.” He wiggled said fingertips.
Rhodey looked Fury. “You realize that if Tony walks, I do too, right?” His mouth was a tight, thin line. “Not even Captain America would make me stay.”
“It is way too early, and I am far too hung-over to philosophize about the merits of toasters,” Sam whined, dark glasses wrapped around his eyes.
“Not that I’m not enjoying being felt up by you, Brucie-bear, but this is getting into awkward boner territory,” Tony drawled and Bruce snatched his hands away with a muttered curse.
“What are you thinking, Tony?” Vision stood statue-still, only those peculiar, unblinking eyes moving as he watched Tony stride across the lab.
“Yeah.” He shook with anger. “I really do.” He lifted the paper and read; “Tumultus draconis bestia catena prohibe tribulatione mille anni pacis.”
“Cap and I fell out hard. We're not on speaking terms.” Tony still kept his gaze on Bruce. He could literally feel Steve’s eyes burning through his brain.
Wanda vibrated as she stood, gaze wide and discerning. “You made this home for your family,” she said, looking at Tony with those too perceptive eyes.
When Tony looked at Steve, he saw a stranger. “I’m not doing this for you,” he said. “I won’t be doing anything for you again.” He passed Barnes a phone. “My number is on there. Call me when you’re ready.”
The Winchesters start figuring things out. Lots of talking. LOTS. There's a curveball nobody was expecting - especially Tony. And now he needs to start telling the truth.....well some of it anyway
Tony couldn't help himself. “So, Cap, now that we're all together. All, meaning you and me and the Buckster over here, how do you feel about a threesome?”
“Oh that’s a myth,” Crowley declared as he pushed a set of doors open. Bucky’s jaw was set like steel and Tony wanted to put his arms around him and hold him tight. “Not everyone who gets sent down here is a wicked person. Many of them have made deals with crossroad demons and are paying the price.”
“What makes you think it won’t?” Tony asked, stepping into Strange’s space with his chin jutting up. “You saw the future?”
“Fuck. That is hotter than hot.” Tony wriggled under Steve, opening his legs to make it easier for him. “Come on, Captain, do it.”
“Try,” Natasha urged. “What have you got to lose? We’re not all doctors, but we may be able to give you some outside perspective.”
“You’ve managed to drink up the entire eastern seaboard’s supply of Johnny Walker Blue,” Pepper said. “Are you ready to stop being an ostrich and talk to your friends?”
“So, you want a run-down on what we’ve come up with?” Tony asked, ready to present his awesome to the world.
“So,” Tony cleared his throat. “That was lovely.” He glanced over at Bruce. “Thanks for not traumatizing us with make-up sex, Doc.”
“Of course.” Thor gathered Steve’s body in his arms and stood. “Heimdall.” Tony watched as the brightly lit column of the Bifröst punched down through the skies.
“Later,” Dean assured him. “Seriously, he’s a pathological liar and a demon, not the best combination.”
Tony scratched at his chin. “Not that I’m a practicing anything, but that sounds a lot like the temple from the Bible.”
“Councilwoman Hawley.” Tony held out a hand. She shook it. “The rumors of your death were clearly greatly exaggerated.”
Steve flushed when Natasha looked up at him with a raised eyebrow. “She doesn’t ‘talk’ like that to me,” he said, feeling his cheeks heat up. “I just get emotions from her.”
“Me too,” Steve agreed with a rueful grin. “But he’s right, and you’re trespassing in this city and on this planet.”
“A lesson perhaps,” T’Challa suggested. “One that it appears you have taken to heart.” He smiled. “Think on it, Dr. Stark. The decision does not need to be made now.”
“I’m sorry, Tony; I didn’t even notice that he wasn’t with us. I had no idea he planned on coming to see you.” Steve needed Tony to believe
Steve frowned. “Uh, Tony?” Perhaps Tony was still suffering some residual effects from his trip to Jotunheim.
Matilda fought against Thor and Clint and finally, Bruce managed to get her tranquilized. “I hope this holds long enough for me to draw some of the poison.”
“The last time I tried to talk to you it didn’t go so well for me,” Tony said, touching his chest with one hand.
Steve paused while putting a piece of bacon in his mouth. “Shit.” He wanted to race back down to the lab.
Pepper and Laura excused themselves too. “Someone needs to keep the Avengers costs running,” Pepper said.
Even though Bucky had said no, the memory of Bucky’s lips against his wasn’t something Steve had been able to forget. Now had had something else to think about. He wondered if Tony tasted like coffee and machine oil. He was dying to find out.
Wanda sat in the co-pilot’s chair, serenely ignoring the chaos. Vision lifted his head,listened to apparently nothing, and went back to meditating, or whatever it was that part computer people did.
Bucky discovers them kissing. Awkward! And then a surprising confession. Tony has a heart to heart. The Avengers assemble for one of their own.
Wanda and Vision came in via the same route as Sam. “We have to leave?” Vision asked, dropping softly to the landing platform.
Rhodey flopped down next to him. “I hate you with the fire of a thousand suns,” he said, crossing his arms petulantly.
He gaped as Thor threw Jane in the air with a yell and caught her again before her shriek had finished echoing around the ballroom.
Bruce rolled his shoulders. “The problem is that the multiverse that we live in isn’t shaped like a dice. In other words, the multiple worlds can touch each other. They can overlap.” He put one hand on top of the other in a crisscross pattern
“Geez, Tony, warn a guy.” Steve clutched at his pounding chest. “Besides, shouldn’t that be a penny?”
“I’m going to find out what the hell is going on,” he told Bucky, trying not to kick him as he continued laughing. “Falcon, Widow and the others will be arriving shortly. I need you to fill them in on the situation.”
Wanda had fallen asleep in the copilot’s chair. She’d taken one look at Bruce and nodded. Steve hoped that meant that Wanda could help Bruce.
“I’m not in the habit of inviting hunters and heroes into my domain,” Crowley said. “What guarantee do I have that you lot don't fuck everything up?”
Steve was reluctantly impressed with Loki. He was taking responsibility for his actions in a way that was entirely unexpected. “Isn’t there something else we could offer him?” The expression on Thor’s face made him want to do something.
“Sure, go ahead.” Bucky seemed unconcerned. “He’ll probably turn red like a tomato and stutter his way through the explanation.” He grinned. “He’s sort of old-fashioned, in case you didn’t notice.”
Thor went a little green. “My balls are still in pain,” he confided in them. “The widow has a firm grip.”
Bucky slowly edged him towards the shower, stopping only when Tony backed into Steve. “Hi there.” Tony turned to Steve, loving the sight of that familiar smile.
. “Warmer than jail,” he snapped. He stalked out, ignoring the weighted silence left behind. Steve still hadn’t told him about his parents and his
“I’m the one who keeps you in whiskey and toys,” she shot back. “Captain,” she nodded to Steve. “I never pegged you for someone who plays for the home team.”
“That’s not exactly comforting,” Bucky muttered, looking around and then down. He swallowed hard. “A drop into fire,” he mused. “Almost as bad as a fall into ice.”
“Affirmation,” Tony supplied, keeping his voice soft. “Confirmation.” There was no mockery in his voice this time.
“I did.” Natasha’s mouth curved in a bitter smile. “I only left when I realized that he wasn’t going to forgive me for letting you and Barnes go at the airport.”
“Huh.” Tony thought about it for a moment. “So if you’re right then me loving two people should work?” He liked that theory. He didn’t even have a heart attack using the ‘L’ word.
“While I’d love to believe you, my experiences with Moose and Squirrel have taught me to trust no-one.” There was a note in Crowley’s voice that had Tony curious.
Tony realized that while he’d been having a semi-hysterical internal freak-out about possibly having sex with Steve
“Ma’am, we’d really appreciate your help.” Steve wore his aw-shucks persona like a glove. “It’s sort of our job to be the guys on the front line.”
“I…” Tony flapped his hands a little helplessly. Emotions were his least favorite thing about being an adult.
“It was excruciating.” Loki’s voice was dry as dust. Tony really didn’t want to like the sarcastic asshole.
“You just licked my head,” Tony reminded Bucky with a friendly poke in the bicep. He got distracted when he saw that some of the synthesized skin was slightly torn. “What did you do?” He wanted to get Bucky into his lab immediately.
“Piece of cake,” Tony muttered as he followed Crowley through the final doorway. “Like taking candy from a baby.”
Bucky looked adorable pouting at him, Steve thought. “They’re all grown-ups,” he protested. “Stay.” That petulant expression had no place on the face of the world’s most lethal assassin.
The years since Ultron had been a time for Tony to discover that Steve was pretty much one of the best people he’d ever met. Earnest, honest, and with a biting humor that often took him by surprise, Steve Rogers was a riddle, wrapped in an enigma, squeezed into a skintight red, white and blue suit.
Tony tried for an offended expression but it just looked like he had eaten something nasty. “That’s just rude,” he declared. “Why assume that I’ve done something?”
Tony scooted his ass up onto the workbench. “Back to my obviousness,” he said. He tried to remember just when he’d begun to look at Steve as something other than his captain, someone more than a friend. “You sure nobody else knows?”
“Thanos killed Loki along with what was left of Asgard,” Bruce said, his face twisted in misery. “Heimdall sent me back to Earth to warn you all. To tell you that we need to be ready to fight for survival.”
a new one.” He looked up at Tony. “I stayed because you made me feel human again. You treated me like a person, not a commodity.”
“While we are all in agreement that there is a need for some sort of ‘management’ of superhumans, perhaps, in our fear, we allowed a bill to pass that wasn’t exactly bipartisan.” The President smiled a little at him. “We didn’t take those on your side of the equation into consideration at all.”
Natasha smiled up at him. “I know. But he shouldn’t.” Clint left, seeming only mildly terrified at facing his wife again. Steve suspected that he was seriously underestimating Laura Barton’s fury.
coming here.” Rhodey’s eyebrows were so low he looked like Gimli from Lord of the Rings. Tony had an urge to laugh inappropriately.
Ross poured the glasses himself, careful not to touch Tony as he handed it over. “Cheers,” he said, tilting his glass.
“Can we please get this show on the road?” Tony asked. “I’d like to be home in time to catch the latest episode of Masterchef Australia.”
Wanda smiled. It wasn’t a pretty sight on that beautiful face. It was malice and hate and vindictive delight. “Why, he killed you all, of course.” Steve wondered how he’d missed this. How had he not seen that this woman still hated Tony?
Tony flapped a hand. “Can’t talk now. Things to do. Theft to plan.” He crooked a finger at the Asgardians. “Come along, puppies. I need intel.”
“Let’s get moving then.” Steve got to his feet, dragging Tony with him. “I reckon there will be a fair amount of clean-up to be done once the brain-washed people start coming back to themselves.”
Then his brain registered Vision’s words. “What? Saving Bucky?” He wasn’t sure he’d heard correctly.
“Man of Iron, you are most gracious to host this conclave,” Thor declared. “The time for dissent between us is long past. We have much to discuss and even more horror to prepare for.”
“There was too a thing,” Tony insisted. “James the Giant Peach says there was a thing, so there was a thing.”
Tony grinned. “I’ve got a few cards up my sleeve,” he said. “Plus, I really want to figure out a way to get Loki back from the Collector.”
Rhodey glared at him. “And just when were you planning on telling me?” His jaw jutted out. “I need to be there.”
Tony stared at him. “Fuck you.” He keyed in the co-ordinates for Avengers Tower. “When you’ve faced up to your problems, then you come try to sort out mine, okay buddy?” He injected as much sarcasm as he could into his words. And Tony Stark had
Tony laughed hard then, great gulping breaths of laughter that each felt like a release from an emotional prison he hadn’t known he’d been in.
“Maybe he had his reasons.” Sam was playing devil’s advocate. Steve wasn’t quite ready to listen to reason.
Turns out he had plenty to wear. And thank you, Potts for pointing that out to him. But he also didn’t have anything in his admittedly awesome wardrobe that screamed, ‘take me and fuck me, both of you stud muffins’. Which was why he was having a minor melt-down.
Steve pulled back a little and Tony tried not to make a protesting whine. “You may not believe me yet, but if you let me, I’ll do my best to prove it to you.”
“We need to discuss a strategy to get the Stones back within our grasp,” Thor said. He was frowning at Loki as he wandered around the room, touching random objects.
DUM-E bleeped something at him, nudging his thigh with his other claw. Tony sighed. “I think you’re trying to kill me,” he said, patting DUM-E with one hand while downing the liquid in the glass.
They started trickling in after that. One by one, the team crept into the tower, took up residence in their suites and made Tony feel whole again.
“Use mine,” Pepper said. She knew how much that little book meant to Steve. He appreciated her effortless kindness.
“Tap once for yes and two for no.” Steve’s mouth curled in a very distracting way. It distracted Tony.
“And how did you respond, brother? What did you do?” Thor whispered the questions, his eyes dark with sorrow.
“It's good to see you, Thor.” Steve smiled at him. “I'd like you to meet my friend Bucky.” He pulled Bucky forward. “I told you about him, remember?”
He sighed, looked down at the workbench, and wondered what he was going to find next to distract him from the awful emptiness that his life was sure to go back to. Welcome to my pity party, he thought.
“Tony has the emotional maturity of a postage stamp, James. I have never understood why you two are friends.” Pepper’s pretty eyes were narrowed and evil. “Don’t make me regret going out with you.”
Rhodey looked down his nose at him. “Because this gorgeous piece of chocolaty goodness has higher standards than the Whore King of MIT.”
“I’m not a dom,” Tony told him. “I never liked that scene.” He wanted to help Bucky but he wasn’t sure that he could.
Tony reached for his phone and took a stealthy photo. This was a moment he wanted to remember and cherish. They weren’t likely to have many of these in the near future so he wanted proof that this moment of peace had happened. Also, he sort of wanted to post it on his public Facebook page to brag to the world at just
“And who would this someone be?” Steve asked, his mouth grim. “We can’t bring just anyone in on this.”
It was such a simple question. It made Steve ashamed that he’d never taken the time to ask Tony. “We didn’t know,” he repeated. It sounded weak.
Steve gaped at him. Scott was a riddle wrapped in an enigma wrapped in a whole lot of dumbass sometimes.
“I sincerely doubt it, brother,” Loki dropped his head onto the back of the sofa. Steve really hated the dramatics that seemed to accompany the Asgardians. He loved Thor, but between his booming declarations and Loki’s slimy insinuations, he was about done. “The Midgardians cannot agree that this book is the one true prophecy.”
“Set,” Sam said quickly. “The crown turned up, and we figured out that Set is Lucifer, and he’s been trying to take over people and rule the world.” He sounded out of breath at the end.
Tony knew that was important. “So you can be an evil fucker all your life and then one act of redemption cancels it all out?” Bucky sounded furious. And so very, very damaged.
Steve frowned, trying to think of the right words. “Sounded like a pop,” he said. He looked at Bucky. “You didn’t hear anything?”
Tony groaned. “He’s such a fucking mother hen.” He scrubbed at his face. “I just needed some time away from the BFFs.”
Steve wanted to protest. He wanted to say that he hadn’t meant that Tony wasn’t worth everything. He
“We’re friends,” Steve insisted, even as he allowed Tony to grab one of his hands and tug him closer. “I’d never do anything to jeopardize that.”
Sam squared his shoulders, edging a little closer to Dean. “We’ve got this,” he said, taking another step forward and to the right.
“I hate you all,” Tony declared as he stomped back into the jet. “Every last one of you.” Steve followed him with a grin that he hid very quickly when Tony's eye narrowed suspiciously at him.
Thor picked Tony up, yanking wires and monitors as he headed to the stasis room. Steve, Clint and Natasha followed with Bruce remaining behind to try and figure out what was going on.
Steve’s hands moved, one into Tony’s hair, tugging at him until Tony dropped his head back, leaving his neck exposed to Steve’s mouth. The other moved to Tony’s ass, squeezing and then lifting him so that the only thing Tony could do was wrap his legs around Steve’s waist. The moan he heard was not his, dammit.
The same regret that Steve had felt passed over Rhodey’s face. “Yeah.” He swallowed hard. “Well, I’ve been kinda busy.”
Bucky nodded, absently rubbing at his prosthetic hand. “Like I said earlier, I'm remembering things in patches. It get weird though because one second I'll be in the trenches in World War Two following your skinny ass and then the next...” He sighed. “I'm sick of the next...the next are the memories I don't want to come back.”
So this feels wa-aa-aa-ay more angsty than the last one. Sorry about that. Hope you'll stick with me
“Oh, we’re not in a hostage situation,” Tony assured him. “We’re merely a group of businessmen discussing the future of our wondrous land.”
“He’s not been alone since the moment you came into his life,” Steve said. “You and Pepper, even Vision and F.R.I.D.A.Y. never left him.”
“On my mark,” Tony said as the inside of Ultron’s flying bomb lit up. “Now!” he yelled as he blasted the core with everything he had, and the world went white with lightning.
Tony tapped his palm and the armor slid back into its new and shiny carry-on. “You’re just jealous,” he told Coulson, manfully avoiding sticking his tongue out.
“Take it easy.” Steve held onto Bucky like he was afraid he was going to slip through his fingers. “I’ve got you, Bucky.” The throb of joyful fear in his voice made Tony feel ill.
“Please.” Steve dropped his head so that his face rested in the curve of Tony’s neck. He moved his hips in restless time to Tony and Bucky’s hands, small puffs of air cool against Tony’s skin. “Love. Don’t. Not….”
“Using string theory has been unsuccessful thus far,” Vision added. “We started with M-theory about half an hour before dinner and appear to be getting a little further.”
Tony pulled back with a reluctant pop of lips. “You know how much it pisses me off that you call my incredibly high-tech artificial intelligence a robot butler, don’t you?”
He owed her the truth. “I did,” he admitted. “You deserve someone who wants to lasso the moon and hang it around your neck.”
Tony stared at him. “You used magic to shut up the President of America?” He wasn’t sure if he admired Loki or if it made him even more scary.
Bucky shook his head. “I have to start trusting people sometime, Steve. It may as well be the guy that Tony says is the second smartest person he knows.”
“What about King Kitty?” Clint asked. “If anyone has space-faring ships, then it’s gotta be Wakanda.”
important,” Steve said, dropping an arm around Tony’s waist. Somehow he and Bucky had managed to sandwich Tony between them, hustling him along.
“Thanks, you guys.” Clint hugged Dean first, and then Sam. “We couldn’t have done this without you.”
Thor nodded, his eyes fixed on the drawing seven headed-serpent on the Wikipedia page. “Something of this name Set stirs my memory. I will return to Asgard and ask my father Odin about this serpent demon.”
“Vision is a fucking walking computer. What I know, he knows.” Tony was already heading straight for his workshop.
“What do you care?” Natasha asked rudely. “You’ve tried to kill Tony and the rest of us how many times now?”
“You do realize that my liver is quite possibly looking like a raisin right now? Possibly a sultana. Or maybe even a prune.” Tony asked the room at large.  The bottle looked a lot emptier than when they’d started.
“You are so full of shit,” Bucky told him, holding up a hand when Tony opened his mouth to object. “You are moody and difficult and arrogant. You ignore people who care about you.”
“No!” That same tone of fear that Steve had heard when they’d started talking showed up again. “I’m not alone. I mean…!” Tony trailed off. “The robots!” he said. “I have the robots and F.R.I.D.A.Y.”
Tony’s eyes went wide. Pepper didn’t get mad often, but when she did…. “What?” He moved his arm and pushed up to sit leaning against the leather headboard.
Bucky didn’t turn around. He stood with his hands in his leather jacket, staring out at the sea. “That’s Steve’s,” Tony noted dumbly.
Bucky swallowed hard, suddenly pale. “I don’t know,” he admitted. “I was fine with Tony working on my arm.” His eyes slid over to Tony and the panic was barely hidden.
Tony squared his shoulders as they headed back up the stairs. “On a scale of one to evisceration, how pissed off is Nat?”
Tony started thinking that maybe he’d ended up in another dimension. “I’ll try one, thanks.” Tony helped himself to one of the sugary cubes of goodness. He relished the smash of sweetness as it hit his tongue.
“Black skinny jeans and your boots.” Natasha pointed to the items. It was a little terrifying how quickly she’d assessed his entire wardrobe.
Clint nodded. “I’ll show these other two losers where they can crash until you figure out the sleeping arrangements.” Tony refused to give any attention to the salacious eyebrow-waggle that accompanied that statement. Clint was a dick and should never be raising children. The world was doomed.
Tony shook his head. “You are actually the worst of all of us,” he marveled. “Nobody knows what an asshole you are.”
Strange was impervious to nuance, however, and continued pacing. His stupid cloak kept pace with him. It was fucking freaky. “The Infinity Stones are made of the particles of the universe when it exploded into being. It has always been believed that they cannot be contained in a fleshly vessel.”
“The Avengers were done long before that, Cap,” Tony said, only a faint hint of bitterness in his words.
“Can I speak to you about something, Captain?” Vision asked. He’d been so focused on Tony and then Sam and Natasha that he’d completely forgotten that Vision was there.
Bruce flushed bright red, dropping his face into his hands. “Oh my god, Tony, remember where you are and show at least a
“Steve loved his Peggy.” Bucky wasn’t looking at Tony anymore. He was gazing out at the endless blue of the ocean. “He was the loyal type.”
Steve shoved Tony forward, and he stumbled into Clint’s arms. “I’m feeling so special,” he muttered.
“Excellent.” Steve beamed at him. “Buck and I will see you at seven.” He chucked Tony under the chin. “You’re adorable.”
Tony watched the monitor. He’d been called back about two hours ago. He jiggled his leg impatiently, wanting to burst into the chamber and demand a response. It had been two damn days already. He wanted this done.
“I am here to offer my services,” Strange said. His eyes were like constantly whirling kaleidoscopes. It made Tony a little lightheaded.
Tony scrambled for the door, the track and trace on Rhodey’s phone already in action. “What the fuck are you doing there?” He had a sort of hate-hate relationship with Alpha Tau Omega but then that was sort of a Sigma Pi requirement.
Tony made flailing hands at him, dislodging those lovely, big, warm hands from his shoulders. “Exactly!” He poked a finger in Steve’s rather firm chest. “And not once has there ever been any indication that you are interested in men, let alone
Steve rested his hand on the back of Tony’s neck. “Just take a breath, Tony.” It felt like safety, Tony thought. Steve touching him like this felt like home.
Thor sighed. “He tricked me too at first; telling me he would give me the throne, step down as king.” Thor rubbed his eyes wearily.
“Loki?” Thor asked as he crouched down to stare at Matilda. She hissed at him, back arched in a black and silver bow. Her green eyes narrowed and Steve reckoned that if she was out of that cage, she would have taken out a fair section of Thor's face.
Tony lifted his chin as the armor started assembling around him. “You don’t know anything about me, Buck. Not really.” He grimaced as the faceplate clanged into place. “Pepper is better off without me.”
Steve nodded at her. “I hope you get the chance to do that.” He hoped he got the chance too. He hadn’t done enough to reassure Bruce. He’d failed Tony. He’d pretty much fucked up being the leader of the Avengers in almost every way.
“Once I realized that your friend was as much a victim as my father was and that General Ross had ulterior motives in creating the Accords, I could not in good conscience support them.”
Steve helped Bucky up, watching Tony. “You sure?” he asked. This was a small thing, but it obviously symbolized something big, something huge.
Clint was easier, and harder at the same time. He missed his family like an arm, but he couldn’t step back from this life, not while people with power did bad things. Steve would sit with him at the top of the tower, on the jet-pad, legs hanging over into nothing and talk about sports. Steve would argue passionately about baseball teams that were no longer in the right place, and Clint would mock him for supporting them.
“Like someone ran me over with a truck and then backed up again.” Bucky struggled to sit up, waving Steve’s offer to help away. “Don’t hover, Stevie.”
“You’re telegraphing that move, Thor,” Steve called out as Bucky ducked Thor’s swing, and gave him a brutal kidney punch.
“Get to the point.” Tony heard the amused smirk in Fury’s voice. Not that the asshole would ever let him see it.
“He’s the Winter Soldier,” Rhodey said with something like awe in his voice. “He and Steve are the kings of the football field.”
“I’ve offered to pay the price required,” Loki said. “What that is makes no difference to our quest.”
“But it isn’t up to you, Archer.” Loki didn’t sound like he was trying to pick a fight. Tony saw the raw fear in his eyes.
Tony’s startled gaze flew up to meet Steve’s. “You haven’t told me everything about that other life, have you?” Over the years, Tony had squeezed tiny bits of Steve’s other story out of him. Mostly so that he wouldn’t do something that would put him in danger. Again. That, or someone else in danger. It’s why they’d kept Peter a secret.
“Would you like me to stay here?” Strange showed nothing on his face. “If Thanos gets the Time Stone then it would negate everything that your friend did as well as ensure that the Mad Titan wins.”
Steve snapped. He hauled Tony into his arms, kissing him as though he was dying. He sure felt like he was dying.
“I’m not angry all the time.” Bruce explained. “That was usually the trigger that brought out the Hulk.”
“You know you should really think up a better name for that, right?” Barnes stepped carefully around Pepper and took the handles of the wheelchair. “Where to, ma’am?”
“No.” Steve’s voice came through firm and certain. “Nobody goes off on their own, half-cocked.” Tony had the feeling that Steve meant those words especially for him. Which – rude - he always did things full-cocked.
Tony liked kissing. It had always felt the most intimate of sensual behavior. Fucking was what animals did, kissing was for humans. He opened his mouth, let his tongue trace Bucky’s teeth and then tangle with Bucky’s tongue.
Barnes. A spiteful thought had been because he was part robot himself, but he’d put that away quickly when he’d heard Barnes scream out at night, woken from some sort of terrible nightmare.
Tony wanted to snarl and spit, but he was a goddamn hero, and wanted to get frisky with the men in his life now that his life wasn’t in imminent danger of being ended, so he didn’t. “He’s being a dick,” he pointed out.
“Not that this isn’t fascinating, Thor, but I’m still not hearing a plan.” Natasha raised an eyebrow.
“There was another symbol we came across,” Bruce interjected. “But if I remember correctly it was less associated with Set.”
“Because our other brother said yes to Michael instead,” Sam said. “And he’s still down there, in the Pit, at Lucifer’s mercy.” There was a collective shudder. Even if you didn’t believe in the Horned One, you didn’t want to be in his clutches.
Bucky.” He needed Tony to understand his reasoning, faulty as it may have been. “Until I was sure, I couldn’t say anything. And then, when Bucky told me in one of his more lucid states that he remembered Howard, I was too afraid to tell you.”
Some little bee buzzed in the back of Tony’s mind. A memory, a possibility, a hope. But it was always just out of reach.
hear about it?” Natasha folded her arms menacingly. Tony barely stopped himself from taking a step back.
“Huh,” Tony said. He looked over at Rhodes. “So why isn’t this stupid piece of material all gushy over my soulmate?”
Bruce stepped in before Steve could say a word. “Am I killer?” he asked. “When the Other Guy gets loose and levels cities, hurts people, is that my fault?”
Scott nodded to Clint. “I’ll go with the flow. I mean, I’m still not entirely sure why I was against the Accords since I didn’t really read them.”
Tony stared up at the man that stood in their way. “Barnes?” He hated the slight quiver in his voice.
Tony turned to the nearest console, mind working furiously. “We’re going to have to figure out a way to get the rest of the team up to scratch.”
Sam laughed. “Nobody was prepared to take responsibility so F.R.I.D.A.Y. ordered from one of Tony’s favorite restaurants.” He sat down on the armchair close to the bed.
Steve shook his head. “Life sure isn’t going to be boring.” He smiled as he looked between them. Tony was blinded by happiness. That would never last. Because let’s be real, his life didn’t work that way. So he planned on relishing every moment while he could.
The World Security Council didn’t often meet face to face. It was dangerous to have them all together and the last time it had happened, Hydra had tried to kill off a quarter of Earth’s population. Of course, only one of the Council had survived that.
“Excuse me for being concerned for your admittedly fine ass,” Tony snarked. “I’ll be back,” he promised, soaring back over the gorge.
Natasha and Bruce skidded around the corner. “You’re alive!” Bruce said, relief palpable in his voice.
Thor sighed. “Loki was ever resentful of my position as future leader of Asgard. He spent much of our childhood taunting and teasing me in thoughtless ways.”
Bucky snorted a laugh, stepping up to shake Sam’s hand. “There are several of us around, but yeah, he’s the worst,” he said. “Bucky Barnes.”
Steve was suddenly right there, in his bubble, all earnest eyes and stupid face. “I should have said something before. I don’t expect you to believe me now.”
Steve slumped back down, Bucky dragging him closer again. Tony grinned. “He’s clearly going to suffer from separation anxiety.”
Tony snorted. “Really? I thought he was inviting me in for afternoon tea.” Steve's mouth thinned. “Relax, Capsicle. I've got this.”
“Tony, I’m trying to say that we both made mistakes. Sure, I made a few that, in hindsight, may have prevented so much of this shit-show, but you talked to Ross about the Accords before you even
Tony groaned. “F.R.I.D.A.Y. has caused enough drama for the day, thanks very much.” He looked around at them all. “I’m
“Has been here with the rest of the team, waiting for you to be up to talking to him.” Pepper pulled back. “He’s so sorry for hitting you.”
Bucky laughed. “Stevie, you know that Stark is basically me in the twenty-first century, only hot for your body, right?”
Steve shivered, a horrible sense of being encased in ice once more. This time though, he wasn’t left to wait for rescue.
Tony shuddered a little as he obeyed. He didn’t like turning his back on anyone, but Bucky wasn’t just anyone, and to him, this would be the ultimate demonstration of trust.
Tony smiled, lifting a hand to cup Steve’s cheek. “I know that you believe what you’re saying, Steve, but in the immortal words of the late John Lennon, “Life is what happens when you’re making other plans.” We can’t guarantee the future.”
“And I sorta deserve it,” Steve said. “I promised Tony that we’d always do things together. That the only way the Avengers would work, would be together. And then I lied to him and left him to deal with the clean-up.”
“Do you have a galvanized throat?” Dean asked, clearly reluctantly impressed as he filled the cup again.
Crowley tucked his hands into his coat’s deep pockets. “I feel like a broken record.” He jutted his chin out. “This is Hell, Mr. Stark, not the Hilton Hotel. We don’t place nice here.”
“Just stop,” Steve begged. “I appreciate you all trying to make me feel better. I really do. But until I talk to Tony and Bucky I won’t know the truth.” He wasn’t entirely sure he wanted to hear the truth.
Steve’s heart stuttered. He knew Tony was right, but letting him go alone, with this new person… “Why can’t we go with you?” He sounded like a child to his own ears. “Why can’t
“And relieve him of his jewelry,” Tony agreed. He paused. “And this? Us?” He hated that he sounded so uncertain.
He waited. She stared at him, finally dropping her gaze to their hands. “Why now?” she asked. “Why today?” She looked back up at him. “What changed overnight?”
“Why?” Tony asked. “I mean you hurt Rhodey and Vision too. Bruce is pretty pissed off at you as well but then he told me I was a dumbass to sign the Accords in the first place so there may not be too much of a problem there.”
Loki toppled over the beanbag, laughing so hard that he lost his breath. Clint woke with a yell, punched Loki in the throat and tipped Sam onto the floor.
Rhodes stood. “Call of Duty sounds about right up my alley at the moment.” He pointed a finger at Tony. “Use your words, Stank.”
He didn't...couldn't deny it. “Yes.” He stared down at his hands. “Fury said that the Stark stealth tech...”
“Your fucking Bucky will be just fine,” Rhodes snarled. “Tony knows that he’s basically a POW and won’t fucking trigger him.”
Thor looked disgusted. “They make me feel as though I have spent the night in wine and women, with none of the wine or women,” he grumbled.
Steve tumbled headlong into the forever kind of love that he’d never thought he’d ever get. He just hoped that he’d get the chance to prove it to Tony.
Tony was moving a moment later, the rest of the team hot on his heels. Coulson was not a guy you messed with. He scared Tony more than Natasha did. Only because he seemed to be the only person Natasha genuinely respected. That spoke volumes to Tony.
“I made it,” Steve said, shoving Tony down next to Bucky. “I think we all needed a little comfort food.”
It made Tony’s throat close up, seeing them like this. Like a team. Once upon a time they’d been fighting each other, now they were a unit, fighting
“You are so full of shit,” Tony muttered, realizing that the asshole was messing with him. “You’re almost as irritating as Barton.”
Tony’s ears pricked up. Clint never really talked about his time before S.H.I.E.L.D.  He and Natasha had remained silent about their past. “Carnie?”
Steve’s eyes went flinty. “Because apart from me and Bucky, you’re the only two enlisted men and the Secret Service has cleared you.”
Tony stared down at the ancient text. “Where did they come up with this shit?” He scowled. “I doubt it could be any more pompous if it had been written by the Pope.”
His stomach promptly rebelled, sending him hurtling for the bathroom. He barely made it in time, projectile vomiting into the toilet bowel.
Tony met his gaze. “You'll get there one day.” If anyone deserved a happy ending then Steve Rogers should be in the front of the line.
“Pete?” Tony blinked in confusion. “Oh hell no!” He took off at a run. “I swear to god, Parker if you’re here I’m going to take away
“I don’t know how you do it,” Clint told him. “I want to eviscerate Rumlow, make him suffer as much as I can.”
“Of what?” Sam looked confused. “That guy is gaga for you, buddy and I spotted that way back when before Ultron.”
Tony’s gaze snapped up to his. “What? Why? I mean, I’m the dick who kept you from your best friend.” He seemed determined to be the bad guy, to take the heat off Bucky. Steve wondered at it.
Tony grinned. Not many people got to see this side of Captain Sassy Pants. “So, at these shindigs, it’s customary for the best man to hit on the maid of honor.”
Tony shoved the blankets away abruptly, stumbling off the bed and away from the people looking at them. “Who the fuck are all of you?” he hissed. “And where the fuck is the rest of my team?”
Steve glared at her. “Why are you pushing so hard, Nat?” Because that’s what she’d been doing for days now. Pushing and pushing and pushing at him until he felt like he was about to burst into a million pieces.
“What is it?” Natasha went to Clint, her hand on his shoulder; an anchor that Steve could see he clearly needed.
“No.” T’Challa was gentle, but firm. “Perhaps you believed that you were right. But what has being right brought you?”
“Whatever crap they pumped into you is leaving your system,” Tony said. “Here’s hoping there’s no permanent damage.”
“We should go now,” Strange said, putting a hand on Tony’s shoulder. “The longer we wait, the harder it will be to reverse what Jörmungandr has done.”
Tony nodded. “I will. I’m like David Copperfield. I can get out of anything.” He tried his best smile.
that if he doesn’t open the goddam door I’m going to break it down,” Steve gritted through clenched teeth. Enough of this bullshit.
Tony started coughing, choking a little on his own saliva, as he laughed his ass off all over again.
Tony snorted a laugh, covering his mouth when Steve glared at him. Then he caught Bruce’s gaze and laughed harder. “Oh my god, I love each and every one of you crazy motherfuckers,” he howled.
Thor nodded. “My vision in the Water of Sights was not only that of the Vision being the caretaker of the Mind Stone.” He stared at them. “The Infinity Stones are in play and all of the Nine Realms are in grave danger. For us to survive, we need to be as one, to trust one another.”
Just then a large circle of what seemed like fire split open and spat out two figures. Steve and Sam jumped to their feet. One of them was remarkably familiar.
Tony shook his head slowly. “Nope. That’s not entirely true,” He kept out of arms reach. “Something doesn’t make sense, and it’s not just your sudden, unending desire for my admittedly fine ass.” He spun in a slow circle around the room, making sure to inspect as much as he could. “This is all wrong.” He felt his heart racing. The arc reactor faltered in his chest and panic set in. “This isn’t my workshop.”
“There aren’t words,” Natasha said, crouching down on Tony’s other side. She put a hand on his head, fingers twisting in his hair. “There will never be words.”
“It’s wrong. I’m wrong. You’re wrong.” Tony repeated the words like a mantra, fear juddering through him like a steam train. “How did I get here?” He lifted his eyes to stare at Steve. “I’m not supposed to be here.”
Dean gave a hiccup of laughter. “Because it hurts more?” They shared another fist-bump and Tony watched Steve and Sam give an almost identical put-upon sigh.
“Thor, I need your honest opinion.” Steve folded his arms across his chest. “What are our chances, realistically?”
Tony opened his mouth to protest. Natasha’s eyes narrowed. His jaw snapped closed of its own volition.
Pierce bit his lip, nodding slowly to himself. Tony was pretty impressed with how directly he looked at Fury as he asked, “Did you get my flowers?” Fury’s expression could have melted the center of the sun. “I'm glad you're here, Nick,” Pierce continued.
“You're a pain in the ass,” Vision interjected bluntly Tony gave a startled snicker. Rhodey was clearly a bad influence on Vision. “We put up with you because we love you.”
wanted me here fast,” he said. “I’ve found a transporter we had no idea existed.” He stared at the chair. “Well, that’s new.”
“Can’t…” Tony gasped. “Chest. Heart. Hurts.” Before anyone could do anything more, the Iron Man suit flew into the room, knocking Pepper and Rhodey out of the way.
Tony blinked and then narrowed his eyes at Clint. Just who were these guys? Google had clearly failed him.
The others were waiting when the doors slid open. Steve’s gaze went straight to where Bucky and Tony stood, hands still clasped together. “Ready?” he asked, eyes shuttered.
“He’s a moron,” Clint said.  He scooted back to Natasha’s side. “Gave up the best thing he ever had.”
Tony nodded wearily. “Yeah.” He met Steve’s gaze. “He wants to govern all superhumans by means of a register.”
Tony pretended to pout as he pulled back. “I could totally be Han Solo,” he insisted. It was the principle of the thing.
Bucky’s face was pressed into his neck. Steve felt the wetness of tears. “Hey, shhh,” he crooned, fingers coming up and tangling in the too-long hair. “I’m not letting go.” The salt of his own tears trailed into his mouth, tasting like hope and gratitude.
“This Iron Man sounds like a worthy warrior,” Thor said, coming up beside him. “Why would friend Tony be hiding this from us?”
“He's a friend. Not an enemy, big guy.” Tony stepped in, putting a hand on Thor's shoulder. “He's been with me for about two weeks now.”
Thank you for your patience & encouragement. I would like you to know that I may not reply to the comments but I clasp every one of them to my ample bosom with joy.
Tony glared at Bucky. “None of your business, Stark,” Bucky told him. “Even best friends have a fight or two.”
Sam clasped his shoulder. “Get some sleep, man. The world is always a little clearer after some rest.”
Rhodey nodded. “He’s the President, he’s not really interested in the problems that other worlds have. He’s pretty much only focused on Earth right now.”
Tony looked at her then, realizing how very young she still was. “I’m sorry for the things you’ve been through in your life,” he said.
Bucky winked at him. “Good to know,” he said. “Tony was being all ‘we should wait to talk to Steve before we get frisky’ and shit.”
one so that he can’t undo what we’ve done?” He was desperate. He couldn’t lose Vision. It was one of the reasons he kept Peter so far away from the Avengers business. There were too many people in his life now, too many who mattered.
“Until you leave,” Tony said, stepping back and away from the temptation in front of him. “Because you will. They always leave."
“Actually,” Bruce interrupted, “Watching the three of you on the jet on the way over here was pretty interesting.”
“I bet it works,” Tony protested. “We just need to make sure to tell the Collector the reason why we need it.” Because reasoning with immortal beings was their strong suit.
“Stop.” The word was a plea, and apology and it made Bucky halt his steps. “I’m…I’m sorry, Buck. I’m trying to understand, but shit, it just hurts so much that you didn’t trust me enough to come to me for help.”
“I can give you names,” Tony offered. “As long as you don’t ask where or how I know.” Bruce knowing about his little Back to the Future trip was already asking for trouble.
Tony pulled back from Steve, moved away so that he was standing by Doctor Strange. “It’s more like ‘Auf Wiedersehen,” he said, feeling a sick little twist in his stomach as he tried to put his happy face on.
“Deep breaths, sweetheart,” Pepper said, her arms an anchor as they always had been. He struggled to get air, everything seizing, and then there were other arms around him, soft arms, small arms, new arms that hadn’t been there before but were now a tether in the storm.
“Well, this is embarrassing.” Tony opened his eyes and saw Bruce and Vision standing beside his bed. “Did anybody kiss me?”
Sam scowled. “Why are you so determined to go after her?” He shook his head. “Just forget about her.”
Wanda trailed in from the balcony, soaking wet. She glared at them all. “Who do I kill?” she asked. Her eyes narrowed when she spotted Natasha with Thor. He’d wrestled loose and was busy dodging behind every available person or object in an effort to evade her.
“Suck it up, baby. You ran away from her. It’s getting time for all of us to deal.” Tony felt a little mean, but he really didn’t care. “Rhodey, bring her in.”
“Where are the bird-boys, woo-woo lady and her shadow?” Tony asked. He knew how much it irritated Steve which is why he did it.
Steve frowned. “That makes no sense, Tony.” He made a mental note to look that up later. These casual references kept slipping right over his head and it made him crazy.
“I kissed you for the first time today,” Steve said, desperate to make Tony understand why he’d asked the question. “I didn’t know until a day or so ago that there was even a chance for this.” He pushed himself back up so that he was facing Tony instead of staring up at him.
But she was a Barton. So she did. “I mean, Steve’s pretty and all, but he’s, like, over ninety years old and you, again with the pretty, are almost fif…” The rest of that word was muffled under Tony’s hand.
Natasha stood too. “I’m coming with you.” She put a hand on Bruce’s arm. “Not letting this one out of my sight for the foreseeable future.” Her soft smile made Tony feel...it made Tony
“Then, Yggdrasil, that’s the world tree by the way, she’s pretty awesome and thinks that humans are cute but petty, she took me up into Mímir’s Well where the spell that Jörmungandr had cast was busy working.”
And there was the thing that Steve had been trying not to think about. The last time he’d seen Bucky Steve had been falling out of the bottom of a destroyed Helicarrier, looking up at Bucky shouting that he didn’t know him.
Steve guided Bucky to the nearest sofa, carefully lowering him down. “Please just let Bruce look you over,” he said. “If he gives you the all clear then I swear I’ll stop trying to baby you.”
“He’s going to pretend we’re not here,” Natasha told them as she wandered around, hand trailing over velvet and soft cotton pillows and throws strewn over the large, comfortable lounge suite.
“We’ll need some ingredients,” Sam said. “Most of the stuff we’ve got, but we’re also going to need some shavings from the crown before Thor takes it back to ….”
He showered quickly and selected a charcoal grey suit with a white shirt and scarlet tie. He was tucking the shirt in when the door opened and Bucky slipped in.
Bucky put his hands up, palm out. “I’m not interested in a fight, Natalia. Just starting to get bits and pieces back in flashes.” He looked over at Steve. “Up till now, you’ve been the only one I really remember.”
Tony wracked his brain trying to remember his first year college course on Norse Mythology. When Thor had entered into their lives it had proved fairly helpful.
“F.R.I.D.A.Y. open the door immediately!” he called. “Let Captain Rogers in right away!” He slipped to the floor, Bucky’s weight dragging him down.
“And yet, the moment your friend was in danger, the team was done.” Tony just sounded sad now, and Steve hated it.
“You hauled me away like a sack of potatoes,” Tony pointed out. “Awesome, sexy, intelligent potatoes, but potatoes nonetheless.”
“That particular argument is considerably less effective now that you’ve regained feeling in your feet,” Bruce pointed out from his spot on the sidelines.
“This is all very Jules Verne,” Tony mumbled. “Not exactly what I was expecting.” The floor beneath him became soft suddenly, giving way to his feet like a sponge. “Just tell me that whatever I’m walking on isn’t alive,” he begged.
“Bucky has shit in his blood that would protect him from outside crap,” Tony told her. “Bruce took an extremely calculated risk.” He grinned to himself. “Way to go, Brucie.”
“And you didn’t let your anger at me stop you from doing the right thing.” He touched his lips to Tony’s, a benediction. “In case you missed it, Stark, this is me telling that I’m gone over you. Head over heels stupid gone.”
Tony was so busy watching the Bucky Barnes show that he’d forgotten Steve. Although how that was possible with those ridiculous muscles holding him close Tony wasn’t sure.
Thor’s lip curled. “This serpent god demands human sacrifice,” he said. “My father spoke of the Stygians being Set’s first worshippers. He hungered for power and ate as many of the lesser gods as he could. Life is valueless to him.”
Tony blinked and that awful blankness was gone. He smiled at Steve, lifted a hand to his cheek. “Yeah, I really do.” He leaned in to press a kiss to Steve’s angry mouth. “I’ll be okay.”
Thor paused. “I’m not entirely sure,” he admitted after a bit. “I was rather caught up in the moment.”
“You don’t swing that way, my dearest heart, or has something changed?’ Tony fluttered his eyelashes at Rhodey while he tugged at the hydraulic lock that held the braces together.
“You’re an idiot.” Tony could hear the smile in her voice though. “Apparently it’s something called Ragnarök.”
Tony was mightily offended. “Excuse you, I flirt like a professional!” He’d had plenty of practice at it over the years.
“Or those Nova Corps people?” Bucky added. Tony realized that he’d moved behind Steve, still keeping his distance from the others in the room.
Tony sent a filthy glance to F.R.I.D.A.Y.’s nearest camera. “I’ll deal with you later, traitor,” he threatened.
Bucky walked slowly back to him. “This isn’t about you, Steve.” And this time his tone was kind. “This is about me. What
Ross took it. “I’ll call you when it’s done.” They shook hands, eyes meeting. “I meant to protect humanity.”
“So where do you go when you’re not….here?” Tony waved a hand, deciding a change of subject might be a good thing.
“If everything is to your satisfaction, Mr. Stark.” Pepper's voice broke into the conversation. Shit, Tony had completely forgotten that she was there.
Wanda sighed. “I must stay as well if I am to help the monster.” She stepped out of the jet, walking over to Bruce.
Bucky moved to sit next to him. “What happened?” He just waited as Tony tried to figure out what to say. Steve could practically see the gears turning as he figured out how much to confess.
believe me, in a couple of years we’ll tear each other apart and not one of our teams will be unaffected.” He put his glass down. “We may not be friends, Reed, but we need to be allies. We need to make sure that the SRA is
Tony gave an uncomfortable laugh. “Is that a threat or a promise?” he asked. “I’ve given you a new arm and some space to hide. What more do you want from me?”
“No, you.” Rhodey jumped to his feet, raising his fists. “Wanna take this outside?” Tony took a lurching stride towards him.
“Don’t be difficult, brother,” Thor said with a chiding glance. “Not everyone is as blessed with luxury as we are in Asgard.”
“It’s torture, Buck.” Steve put his hands on Bucky’s shoulders. “I don’t want you to see shit like that again.”
“On the balcony!” Tony yelped. “I don’t want a hole in my building!” He had a vision of Thor blasting through the twelve floors above them. He’d seen what Mjolnir could do.
“Steve Rogers.” Of course Steve was the first to stand and offer his hand. Even though he’d been as dubious as Tony, those old-fashioned good manners were as much a part of him as his blue eyes.
“I knew about your buddy being the one who killed my parents,” he said. “Found out before you and Fury took SHIELD down.”
The look Rhodes gave him was part scorn, part despair. “Tony says he’s fine. He apparently had an angina attack which can be a pre-cursor to a full-blown heart attack. We’re trying to get him to stay down and get the tests done.”
“I didn’t do it for you, Captain.” T’Challa took a breath. “Tony Stark is a good man. He acted in good faith. Impulsive, impetuous, a little thoughtless, yes, but incredibly protective of those he loves. Did you ever ask him why he created Ultron?”  Steve shook his head, Natasha and Clint silent at his side. “I suggest you ask your magical friend why he did the things he did. She has some atoning to do of her own.”
“Copper. Field.” Tony said, already unhooking, unplugging and unsticking. “It’ll be like I was never here.”
Steve, Clint and Sam followed her to the living room. Steve stopped in his tracks when he saw who was there. There was a comical sort of concertina behind him as Clint and Sam walked into him. “What the hell, man?” Clint complained.
Tony wasn’t going near that particular minefield. “Of course not, Pepperpot. You are a wise and glorious woman. I bow to your superior ability to juggle the world.”
The tree root gave a groan. Tony leapt back, stumbling into Skurge. “Okay, that was weird,” he said. “Am I right? I mean there's a whole fuckton of weird going on right now, but that was weird.”
Rhodey’s hand dropped onto his thigh. “You’re making me crazy, Tones.” Laura mouthed a thank you to Rhodey from Tony’s other side.
Steve almost giggled. It was a terrible, hysterical impulse, but seriously, what the fuck was his life?
“Tony should have been back by now,” Steve dropped an arm across Bucky’s shoulders, pinning him against him so that he would stop prodding at him.
“I know that humans are innately violent,” Vision said. “My choice to stand with Tony Stark was because I knew that it would be inevitable. To have a group of powerful individuals making choices for personal agendas or vengeance or personal profit, regardless of the reasons, it could not stand. The Avengers needed to be put in check. We needed to be answerable to someone, not just ourselves alone.”
“I like the view,” Steve shrugged, winking at Tony. The tinge of pink on Tony’s cheeks made him even lovelier to Steve. He deserved to be adored properly, and Steve had spent the past few years trying to make up for lost time with Tony. It made him desperate sometimes, the knowledge that he’d changed the timeline so much for this one thing, this one man.
that Bucky wasn’t the Winter Soldier. He’d separated them in his mind, but it still was jarring to be reminded of what Bucky had endured.
“Clint,” Pepper said, eyeing Tony’s bed. They’d all been avoiding looking at him. Except for Steve. He couldn’t keep his gaze off Tony. It wasn’t normal to see him so still, so unanimated.
Tony glared at the television screen again. “Romanoff will know,” he said. “J, tell the dead guy and his merry band that they can use the helipad here at Stark Tower if they have the fuel to get here.”
Tony stepped forward. “It has to be me, Cap.” He held out a hand to Bucky. The rest of the room vanished as they stood in their isolation. “I’m the only one who knows the formula, the only one who can do this.” He dropped his forehead against Steve’s shoulder, sighing as Steve’s arms clamped around him.
“Not my place to tell you,” Bucky said. “Just wonder why you never called him the whole time I was there? You being friends and all.”
“Even if there's a small chance that we can undo this,” Natasha’s voice hitched. “I mean we owe it to everyone who's not in this room to try.”
Thanks again for sticking with me. Apologies for the lateness. I am having a really bad week. Hopefully the next part will be up sooner rather than later.
did.” Bucky’s words dropped into the silence like a stone. “This dumbass punk thinks he has to be perfect. He thinks that’s the job, what people want when they see the shield.”
“Heimdall opened the Bifröst for a moment and the news was not good.” Thor dropped a hand over Loki’s shoulder. Steve had to remind himself that they were aliens. And adopted brothers.
Bucky didn’t look sorry about it. “You blame yourself,” he pointed out. “Think about it as restitution.”
There was a mild struggle, but Tony was almost as limp as spaghetti. It wasn’t exactly equal. “I want my cat,” he pouted.
Tony trailed after her to the study. He tried to avoid it whenever possible. Memories of Howard behind his desk, ignoring him, weren’t exactly what he liked to dwell on. “What’s up, Pepperpot?”
“So where did Heimdall put us?” Natasha asked looking around, apparently over her snit. Tony’s extremities were grateful.
The only sound in the room was heavy breathing and gasping. Tony didn’t know who was making the whimpering noises but he had a feeling it was him.
Steve threw himself over Tony, using his body to shield Tony who tried to shrug him off. “Everybody capable of moving, out of the room!” he shouted. The scattering of footsteps told Tony that at least someone was obeying.
He watched Natasha and Bruce talking quietly. He was happy to see her happy again. She was his friend and had been hurting, even though she’d kept insisting she was fine. Bruce was obviously important to her.
“I, however, am limitless,” Tony said with a wink at Loki. “You up for a little Midgardian experimenting?” He had no idea what the hell he was doing, but as usual, when it involved Steve, things were fucked up.
“He knew this was the way it was going to go.” Tony didn’t look away from Vision. “He’s known all along.”
“No.” Rhodey glared at Tony. “Get the hell out of here and let me suffer with Nurse Pratchett here.”
Tony glared at him and Steve tried not to notice how adorable the embarrassed flush on his cheeks was. “Semantics,” he said, swallowing hard.
“How do you propose to do this, Dr. Stark?” the American representative leaned forward. “You, yourself have said that he’s been brain-washed for so long.”
Bruce and Tony made each other crazy, running from the basement where Tony worked in the tower, to the middle floor of the building, where the Hulk-proofed workshop hummed for Bruce as he worked on tracking the stones, finding a cure for his monster, watching Betty as she carried on with her life without him   -.
“Oh, I’m sorry. Were you wanting me to braid your hair and paint your toenails and sit and talk about whether Steve
“She threatened me,” Tony acknowledged. “Apparently it doesn’t matter who else I inform of my movements, if I don’t tell her, then I’m a dead man.”
Tony just sat back in one of the excruciatingly uncomfortable chairs and took a sip of his whiskey. “Go on,” he waved his glass. “I’ll jump in when I see fit.”
said,” Rhodes said, pointing to Natasha. Bruce kept his head down, avoiding Natasha’s gaze as he went to sit next to Rhodes.
“It’s Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes, sir,” JARVIS said as he enlarged the grainy image. Tony had no problem identifying the guy that he’d idolized most of his life. Forget Captain America, he was a super soldier. Bucky Barnes was just a normal guy who helped save the world.
Doctor Strange took Agent Coulson, Sam and Natasha with him to Wakanda to check with the king if he had access to a spaceship. Clint headed to his wife and children. Vision wandered off, muttering something about assisting Bruce and Loki and Thor…well, Steve had no idea where they went to and honestly, he didn’t care.
“Why do we need Matilda?” Bruce demanded as he scurried to move up next to Steve. “She's not the problem.”
Sam nodded. “Looks like the Set of Egyptian origin actually had its roots way back.” He read from the text, “
Tony bobbled a bit again. He’d have to look into what was wrong with the suit. “What about him?” he hedged.
Thor shrugged. “You don't ask me about Jane, brother. It makes you uncomfortable and jealous; therefore I try to avoid speaking of our love when I am in your company.”
“I’ve always had someone to answer to, Tony,” Steve said, looking up at the blanket of trees as he swung gently in the hammock.
It was years later that Tony remembered this conversation. Perhaps if he’d paid more attention things would have turned out a little differently.
“Shut the fuck up,” Rhodey told Loki. “You invaded his house and took him hostage. You’re not high on his list of favorite people right now.”
Steve stopped so suddenly that Tony stumbled into him. “Your what?” He sounded more freaked out about an invisible dog than he had at entering Hell.
“They all still here?” Tony asked, closing his eyes again, blocking out the light that suddenly filled the room as the blackout curtains were opened.
Tony was pretty impressed with the fact that he’d managed to control his mouth. Well, part of that had to do with Steve’s big-ass hand over it at the time. He’d had a really good zinger lined up too.
Vision nodded. “You are unharmed, Tony. It was an episode of angina, not a heart attack as F.R.I.D.A.Y. erroneously surmised.”
“Leave. Me. Alone.” Tony gritted the words out through clenched teeth as he lost all feeling below his waist. He took short, sharp breaths. He knew the cold wasn’t real. That it was a by-product of that day in Siberia. Suit powered down, unable to release, damaged in a way that Tony hadn’t been able to fix.
“Excuse me.” Steve’s polite voice broke into the charged atmosphere. “Mr. Crowley, is it?” Dean snickered and Sam dug a pointy elbow into his side.
“We’re not friends, Rogers,” Tony said with a sigh. “Not anymore. We’re colleagues. I’m going to fix your frosty buddy over there and then maybe we can work out a way to be a team again.”
“That sounds like Steve’s idea of a party,” Natasha replied, wrapping and tying the rope before passing it to Clint.
“They thought…think…we’re dangerous,” Tony said. “But we aren’t. And I’m going to make them understand it.” He thought of Sokovia, how much damage had been done, how many had died despite their best efforts. And wondered whether they were maybe right.
Bucky’s mouth was tight. “What the hell are you talking about?” He stepped in, put a hand on Tony’s forehead. “You don’t feel like you’ve got a fever.”
“It's been a long day,” Steve said, walking towards Tony, shield still at the ready. Barnes kept that rifle pointed at him, not a shake in sight.
“Any chance you'll let me in?” Tony asked, purely for form's sake. He doubted things would be that easy.
Tony clasped a hand to his chest. “Woman, your tongue should be registered as a lethal weapon!” He felt a real smile cross his lips for the first time in months. “Seriously though, thank you for being here.” He looked at the others in the room. “
“I believe if we all sat down around a table, we could come up with something that would work for everyone,” Richards said.
“He thinks he’s Iron Man.” Clint snickered in his chair but stopped abruptly when Natasha turned her gaze to him. “It’s funny,” he insisted.
“Ah yeah, the thing.” Dean skipped behind Sam when Steve glared at him. “Hey! I’m just going with the flow here.”
“Since the inception of the Accords, Tony Stark has been working to discredit General Ross.” T’Challa motioned for Steve to sit. He stumbled into a chair, struggling to get air.
“Those who died, how did you feel about them?” She kept her eyes on Tony while the coils of her power slipped across the jet to twist around Tony’s ankle.
Tony and Bucky crouched down on either side of him. Tony looked concerned. Bucky seemed completely terrified.
Steve gave a dry chuckle. “We used to draw straws for who was the one who would go down and drag you out.”
And wasn’t that a kicker, Tony thought. The place of safety he’d commissioned and built for the friends who had betrayed him was now under government control in every way. The hope that he’d had when he’d designed it had faded the moment Wanda had slammed Vision deep down into the ground of the facility.
“Buck asked me to draw one of my first memories of him,” Steve said, offering Sam the notebook. It was a simple sketch of two boys back to back surrounded by a circle of other boys. All of their fists were up.
Tony laughed so hard that he choked. Several helpful thumps on his back from Thor helped him recover.
“Nothing will ever make up for the fact that I lied to you, Tony,” Steve said, still holding onto Tony’s hand. “I want to apologize about a million times but it will never be enough. I never intended to trade one friendship for another. I hope that you can forgive me one day. Until then, I’ll sign the revised Accords. I’ll report to you. I’ll do whatever it takes…” His heart sank as Tony pulled his hand away.
“That’s why he asked me,” Bruce said. “He’d heard rumblings and wanted to check if I’d heard the same.”
“He said that he’d made a mistake, that he was wrong.” Sam bit his lip. “He promised to go alone. As a friend.”
“What the fuck do you want, Winchester?” The snarl from behind him had Tony spinning. The woman glaring at Dean was gorgeous in a very Natasha way. She looked like she could eviscerate you with her mind.
Tony tapped a finger on his chin. “I think that the conducting of experiments has to happen once we’ve finished with this business.”
Tony beamed at Rhodey. “Snuggle-bear!” He raced over to him and threw his arms around him. “I’ve missed you.”
“Tony.” Steve took a breath. “I’m talking about Bucky. He’s the danger here, not you. I know I made a whole boat-load of mistakes. I want to give you the chance to punch me in the teeth until I’m bleeding, until you feel like maybe there’s a chance you could forgive me. That’s not going to happen if Bucky regresses and attacks you.”
Then stopped, thinking about what he’d said. Sam and Clint were howling. “I'm going to ask Fury to give me a new team,” he threatened. When had he lost complete control of his life?
The morning sun filtered through the drapes. F.R.I.D.A.Y. adjusted them to allow Tony to wake up slowly, in increments. Everyone had learned to let it happen rather than experience a Tony Stark woken too quickly.
He ignored Steve and put his glasses on. “FRIDAY, what am I looking at?” A large circular spaceship spun over the street.
Tony narrated as the ushers made sure each delegate got a copy in their own language. “The files you’re being given are basically the CliffsNotes of the entire situation. Ross planned on using the blood of Wanda Maximoff and Scott Lang as some sort of conductor of the Super Soldier Serum. Now, I’m not sure how it was going to work, but that guy is on a special level of crazy that I can’t even hope to achieve.”
A guy who looked about Tony’s age moved up beside the weirdly named woman. “Do you know who you are?” he asked. He looked like a cautious owl as he peered at Tony through his spectacles.
It sounded like hope, Tony thought, a tiny sliver of hope but a sliver was better than nothing. “Sure,” he agreed, almost over-eagerly. “Once we put out the PR fire, those documents can be amended. I'd file a motion to have you and Wanda reinstated…”
Tony nodded. “Thor has mentioned several times that you’re adopted.” He shook his head. “Way to be a douche, man.”
“Your dream,” Bucky said eventually. “You seemed to be hinting that it wasn’t just you and I together.”
“Sir, if I may be so bold.” The voice out of the speakers was so endearingly familiar that Tony sat up, staring at the nearest camera.
Tony broke his brain with the next kiss, ruthlessly shoving his tongue into Steve’s mouth and making sure he tasted every inch of it. “How the fuck do you taste so good?” Tony whined into his mouth. “You’re ridiculous.” His fingers twisted in Steve’s hair and tugged.
Oh god, Tony wanted to brain himself on his workbench. “Ha ha.” His laugh couldn’t even qualify as fake. “Sure, she’s just not here right now.” Steve clearly hadn’t heard about the break up. Shit.
Tony flapped a hand at him. He was busy brokering world peace. No distractions. Especially of the red, white and blue variety.
“None. Of. Your. Business.” Tony pushed to his feet. “Now, if the interrogation is over, I’d like to have a shower and change into something a little less rank and sweaty.” He didn’t look at them as he swept past.
“It is a constant amazement to me that grown men can behave like this,” Pepper noted, sitting beside Bruce. He offered her some of his popcorn.
“Avoiding a war,” Tony said, shivering as reaction set in. He’d just gambled with all of their futures.
“Banzai!” Tony yelled, running towards the bed and careening into them. Bucky toppled over onto his back, laughing helplessly as Tony bounced off Steve’s chest.
“There was not much time,” Wanda said. “He did tell me that they were able to convince Jörmungandr of his error. Now the son of the god of mischief is helping them.”
His hands were shaking as he started fitting the arm. “Nervous?” Jim asked, looking down to where Tony was working.
Steve saw Tony’s minute twitch and knew something had happened with Wanda that had set Tony. “I’m fine, thanks.” Steve was so sick of hearing that by now.
Bucky relaxed again, his fingers still clutching at Steve’s. “Don’t make any sudden moves, Doc,” he said, only half-jokingly. “I wouldn’t want to kill you by accident.”
Short chapter because we all know that this is the lead-up to the disaster that is Civil War and that is going to take a little more time.
“I’m standing here in my birthday suit, Steve is on your bed looking like he’s about to start shooting a porno, and you’re drooling over a mechanical arm.” Bucky shook his head. “You need to get your priorities straight, Stark.”
“Perhaps you could suggest to our good doctor that he tells us where to locate his armor so that we may bring it to him.” Natasha’s lip curled.
He smiled and looked away, slamming into the accusing gaze of one Steven Grant Rogers who looked like he'd like to kill him and then roast his carcass on a spit. He tried to pull away from Bucky.
“Was.” Steve would never forget Sam's instant willingness to help him. Steve would owe him forever. Tony designing new wings for Falcon wasn't even a start to what he owed Sam.
“Hey,” Tony protested. “My optimism is entirely placed.” He grinned. “I mean, we’re the fucking Avengers!”
“You aren’t.” Steve’s voice was fierce. Tony stared into his eyes. “If I have to choose between you and the rest of the world, I will
That wasn’t even a negotiable any longer. Tony’s absence was like a bleeding wound. Rhodes was a great guy, but he wasn’t Tony.
“I decided I’d rather wait here until you’re done,” Steve heard someone say to Tony. For a moment, Steve was in another world, running in the trenches with the Howling Commandos at his heels.
“I have notified Widow and Hawkeye. Colonel Rhodes is also en route, but there is nobody currently with him.” He didn’t hear anything more as they headed out of the window and up. Tony was going to be okay, Steve thought. He
Tony wanted to help her. He really did. But he heard Steve behind him, “Don’t look,” and he blinked. And she was gone.
“Alright, this all started because people are fucking scared,” Bucky said. He looked around the table. “We can all do things that normal humans can’t do. I’m guessing, from some of what I’ve heard here, that there were fuck-ups along the way.” Steve winced at the language but held his tongue.
“Sir, Dr Banner has indicated that he and Vision are ready for you.” F.R.I.D.A.Y. broke into his wonderings.
Clint flipped him off and wandered around the workshop, poking at various things. Finally DUM-E couldn’t stand it anymore and whistled at him.
“And kick your ass.” Rhodey's comment broke the tension and they all laughed a little. Even Bucky's mouth curled in a tiny smile.
from me. My arm, my memories, my choices, my hope.” Tony’s hand tightened on Bucky’s. He was shaking so hard that Tony was afraid he might shake apart into tiny little bits.
“Be happy, my doctor,” she crooned. “You shall no longer age as mortals do. Part of my gift to you is the fragment of a star that beats in your chest. You will keep our captain company for millennia to come. You are mine now as my captain is mine.”
“If I believed that Thanos could be defeated by my handing the Time Stone over, then I would do so immediately.” They had all been so involved in the argument that they’d missed the arrival of Strange and his companions.
“No you don't.” But Bucky didn't look angry at that. He just looked sad. “Anyway, I wouldn’t have waited much longer,” Bucky told him. “When Tony fitted my arm yesterday something inside me healed.” He shook his head. “That sounds very woo-woo and it really isn’t.”
“So much of no.” Tony reached out to stroke a hand over Wind’s feathers. “And now that you’re here, there’s another bit of information that I have to share with you.” He looked guilty, Steve thought. And Tony looking guilty usually meant something had been destroyed.
Natasha and Clint exchanged a loaded look. “What?” Sam stared between them. “Stop with the creeptastic spy telepathy and share with the class.”
Bucky lifted a hand to Steve’s face. That beautiful hand at the end of the piece of art of an arm that Tony had built. “I have loved you all of my life. Even when I forgot you, I loved you. You’re my best friend. I told Tony that you’re my true north. As long as I have you to set my course by, then I’m okay.”
Tony stuck his foot out and tripped Bucky as he walked away. He cackled when Bucky swore a blue streak and thundered after him. “F.R.I.D.A.Y. the Mach12 suit now!” he yelled as he raced ahead of Bucky.
“I’m sorry, sir, but I assure you that, as I have perfect recall, I have no record of that conversation.”
“Sir,” Reed Richards was the first to hold out his hand. Tony saw the slight hesitation before Ross took it.
The crackle of the Quinjet radio startled them all and Clint glanced back at Steve. “I don’t recognize the call sign,” he said. “Do I answer it?”
“I haven’t had one in years,” he protested. He stumbled to the nearest sofa with Steve and Bucky hovering over him. Thor stood watching them, concern on his face.
Steve made a noise that went straight to Tony’s cock. Bucky smiled at Tony over Steve’s shoulder. “I
Coulson’s mouth curved in a tiny smile. “Now where’s the fun in that?” he asked. He sobered. “Are you telling me that the Watcher assigned to our planet decided that something you did was so awful that he altered time so that you could fix it?”
The first impression Tony got as he stepped through was the cold. He wasn’t sure what he’d been expecting, but the glacial wind that blew right through his bones wasn’t it.
Steve stared at her. She stared back. And he started laughing, leaning on Bucky while they both laughed their asses off.
” Tony blinked. Okay Jörmungandr totally won the fucked-up parent stakes. At least Howard had just sent him away.
Tony shook his head. “Dude, you of all people, should know better. Anything that is locked up can be set free.” He glanced at Loki. “Tell me about the Aether,” he ordered.
“I wouldn’t ask you to go, Clint.” Steve put a hand on his shoulder. “You have a family to think of.”
Wanda sat regally on the sofa in the corner, motionless. Tony suspected that she was sleeping with her eyes open, which wasn’t creepy
“You need better locks,” Natasha agreed, leaning against the bar and sipping at a green concoction in a martini glass.
“She’s right.” Tony had moved away from Bucky, breathing easier. “I’m a big boy. Let’s make like a Band-Aid and rip it off as quickly we can.” He walked out of the kitchen into the dining room. The table was long and big enough for them all to find a seat.
Their hands tightened around Steve as they kissed. Steve swore and shuddered between them while Bucky took his time, leisurely exploring Tony’s mouth. “Fuck.” Steve gasped against Tony’s shoulder, biting down as he came.
“Oh god, please stop,” Tony begged, clambering back to his feet. He was rewriting his entire world view.
Bucky choked on his own spit. Bruce made a whimpering noise, and Clint fell off the sofa, snorting with laughter.
Steve’s fingers tightened on Tony’s belt, rucking his shirt up a little so that he could touch skin. That tiny contact grounded Tony, preventing him from rupturing.
Because Rhodey had known him forever and could read him like a book, the asshole hooted a laugh. “You are thoroughly fucked, my friend.” He dropped a hand on Tony's shoulder in sympathy. “Good luck with your shit.”
“Tony…” This time Pepper’s voice was strangled, like she was holding back tears. “Steve’s dead.” She said it so bluntly that Tony knew she’d said it about a hundred times to him already.
“I wanted to tell you that I’m taking off for a while.” Steve ignored Tony’s jab. “I’m going to take a road trip, not sure how long.”
Thor gave Sam a helpful thump on his back. Sam hit the floor humiliatingly quickly. It got really silly after that.
of him?” She shoved Barnes hard, taking him by surprise and making him stumble back. “You of all people….”
“I need a minute,” he rasped, the enormity of what Tony and his team had been dealing with on their own while he and the others had been skulking in Wakanda washing over him in a tidal wave of anguish.
“Going to lose your flower?” Pepper asked in that dry and extremely mean-spirited way she had when she was totally jealous of Tony’s awesome.
Tony slumped back on the sofa, head dropping onto the soft cushions. “It appears that Vision thinks he’s my own personal cupid.”
“Well, I have kept it around for special circumstances,” Crowley admitted, ignoring the tense undercurrents. “I use it only when I want to reward someone.”
“You really are.” Steve risked moving so that he bracketed Tony’s body with his, wrapping his arms around him from behind. Tony was rigid, trembling in his embrace.
“This is supposed to be about you,” Steve muttered, feeling ashamed at his lack. He didn’t know what he was doing here.
having another conversation about who’s fault this is.” Rhodey flapped a hand at the latest incarnation of the exoskeleton. “I’m alive. I’m walking. End of.”
“Why does it sound like you’re saying goodbye?” Rhodey’s voice broke into their cocoon. “I’m really not liking the direction of this entire conversation.”
“I believe they are sparring on the gymnasium floor.” F.R.I.D.A.Y. paused. “We have a new guest, Captain Rogers.”
Bucky didn’t say anything, just bent down and threw Tony over his shoulder in a fireman's lift. “We'll see you later,” he said as he strode out of the lab, Tony punching his back and threatening him with several painful ways to die.
Steve got up slowly, sucking in air and rubbing at his neck. “Just a misunderstanding,” he rasped, catching Bucky’s eyes. “I’m sorry, Buck.”
The flash of hot anger surprised him. “Don’t talk about Tony like that,” he barked. “He’s the best of all of us.”
“They launched a nuke when it looked like we were going to lose,” Tony closed his eyes, the cold darkness wrapping around him again. “Nat had figured out how to close the wormhole and stop the invasion.” Listening to his own words, Tony realized his life was now a science-fiction novel.
Tony shoved his pants and boxers down, stepping out of them and into the shower. “Nope,” he declared and then nearly brained himself on the shower control column. Only Bucky’s arm flashing out to grab him prevented another concussion. He looked at Bucky with a grin. “Thanksh.”
Tony shook his head. “I swear I’ve been hanging with Thor too long when this sort of speech pattern is normal for me.” He stopped walking. “Um, you mentioned a crystal cave or something?”
“Tony, you don’t deserve him. You never have. None of you. He’s given and given and given until he’s almost empty and I swear to all that is holy, Rogers, if you ever put one foot wrong with him again, I will find a way to end you.”
“Why so serious?” Bucky poked at Steve’s side, unerringly finding that single spot that made Steve’s skin crawl with giddy laughter.
