John's heart almost jumped out of his mouth when he heard Jim's voice echo within the bathrooms. He instantly removed his hands and looked up at Sherlock, meeting eyes with him and giving him a soft smile of reassurance "It will be okay" he whispered to him alone before he quickly did up his own shirt, being sure to keep the top collar undone so that Moriarty could see the marks Sherlock had left from kissing and nipping his neck. John sorted out his own hair before turning to the door, watching Sherlock open it first and John followed him out, arms crossed as he stood next to his lover, patting his coat pocket briefly to make sure he had his gun
Then suddenly he closed his eyes and got closer to me. My eyes widened as I realized what he was up to. He meant to kiss me! I... I panicked. I didn't know what to do! I mean sure, I have had imagined this several times, but now it was real and I... then his lips touched mine.
"I could, but I guess that this is the best option...", Sherlock said and looked at John intensely. He tried to convince himself that they were strong enough. Dammit, they had gone through so much already, they had escaped death, both of them, John in war and Sherlock during his past, they had survived, they were strong. They had been. But were they still? It didn't seem like it. Love really made people weak. The whole way they were talking now, taking care of their opponent. It was like they had lost their edge, they lost their bite.
But he slowly woke up again as he realized that he had no idea what to do. His hands were still caressing his soldier's hair, but it surely was time to do something else, or wasn't it? What if John was waiting for him to do something? He had no idea what that something would be! Fear started to build itself in Sherlock's mind. How could he ever be enough for John? How could he possibly reach his expectations? … Satisfy him?
“Do whatever you think is right... J-j-john”, Sherlock paused and inhaled immediately as the soldier touched him down below. His pants seemed to be tighter and he felt the urge to be even closer to his John. Their eyes met and Sherlock felt a fire inside him that wanted to get out.
It didn't take long for them to reach it, or at least it didn't in John's opinion, Sherlock's however might've been different. But, nevertheless, they reached it without having to stop for petrol, which was good because John had a feeling the fumes wouldn't help.
“I have been having an eye on several murders that have been committed over the last months. There are no connections between them except one: The delinquent always left a small pile of sand.”
“Hand me the newspaper! Now!”, I shouted, barely able to keep standing, my balance getting worse and worse.
"Do you think I planned to kill that man?" John asked, cocking his head and pursing his lips, "Cause that was certainly what it sounded like you were implying Sherlock."
Emptiness. Sherlock's mind was completely empty. Did... did he just...? Did he hear correctly? No. No it couldn't be. He imagined things. His mind was playing tricks on him again. Or could it be the truth? It was. He hadn't taken anything. He had heard what he had heard. Sherlock had to repeat that in his mind to make it clear. John loved him. He loved him. Love. How could anybody love him? Who cared? John did! Or didn't he? Of course he did, he had just said so. It was impossible for Sherlock to have a clear thought.
When John took care of his neck again, Sherlock leaned his head to the side so that he could reach it better and bit his lip, trying to remain silent, but he failed. It simply was too good.
“A very tired genius who just had a nice distraction by his boyfriend“, Sherlock sighed and let himself sink to the bed again, but he sat a bit away from John.
John glanced over to the detective and he could see the change in emotion. The doctor let out a small sigh and reached over to him, Gently squeezing his thigh "Everything will be fine, i will keep you safe from Moriarty and whatever is planned.." He muttered, leaning over to Kiss his cheek before turning his attention back to the roads. The male gripped at the steering wheel and he sighed softly "We are going to be driving for a while, is there anywhere you want to go before we get onto the motorway? Get some food, drinks.." He muttered, glancing over to him quickly before smiling slightly "everything will be okay.." He promised
He moved another step forwards and laughed to himself. “You see, there's always a reason why I'm superior over you. I've got all the aces up my sleeves, and if you kill me, they will turn against you.”
As Sherlock heard John's answer he nodded slightly, then he went to the door... which seemed to be another problem. How would he open it? He went a bit down and managed to somehow. Walking to the car wasn't easy either as it was dark and Sherlock couldn't see where he made his steps. And once he was there... well, how would he open the door of the car? The entrance of the house had been simple compared to that...
"And she still is a lesbian, just to clarify, but that doesn't stop her trying to fuck a celebrity, which you are Sherlock, don't give me that look!" John warned, pointing at the silent scoff on Sherlock's face. "It doesn't help that she can piss me off whilst she's at it too..."
Yes, it made sense, like most things Sherlock said. But on the other hand it was Moriarty whom we were talking about. What if he played some kind of twisted mind double hand game thing? What if he knew that Sherlock would think exactly the way he did and had included that in his plan? I was still alarmed, but simply nodded. He should know I trusted him, although there were some doubts caught in my throat.
"What the he-" Harry came storming through, annoyed that her program had been disrupted, but upon seeing John in Sherlock's arms on the floor, she was cut short.
Molly said nothing to him as they sat in the cab, occasionally bumping shoulders as they turned a corner.
A deep voice could be heard over Mrs Hudson's. John couldn't make it out clearly enough to know who the person was, a feat that was too often achieved by Sherlock, only that he was a man. The tears spilled over Johns face again as the pain clawed at his insides at the memories.
“St Bart’s Hospital, please.” Sherlock’s deep voice filled the whole cab with this simple command. However, the cabbie seemed to have been struck dumb. Sherlock noticed and sighed. “John, please inform this man of our destination as my presence seems to have rendered him quite incompetent.”
“No, you don’t have to say anything, you’re still recovering. Shh, it’s okay.” John moved his hand to Sherlock’s face, gently wiping the tears that were now trailing a path down his face.
John was probably going to kill him. Actually, John would definitely kill him if he knew Sherlock was thinking about it. But Sherlock needed to keep John safe, and he was sure that Moriarty would use John to get to him. It had worked once before, and if he did it again, Sherlock would give Moriarty anything he wanted to keep him safe.
About 2 miles across town, Sherlock’s phone buzzed in his pocket. He pulled it out and read the message.
It was only when John looked at his watch did they move away from the kitchen table. They were finally returning to their normal ways, where John would try and encourage Sherlock to sleep, Sherlock would refuse, and play his violin until deep into the night. Sherlock would have done this anyway, but tonight, he had special reason. He didn’t want John to be plagued with nightmares yet again. It was uncomfortable to witness, and Sherlock could imagine what it must be like for John, being trapped inside his own head which was using his memories and fears to slowly torture him during the few hours between falling asleep and waking. John didn’t deserve anymore pain, and Sherlock knew that. He was prepared to go without sleep for the rest of his life to make sure John was okay. He felt the stirring inside of him again… the sentiment.
Standing next to Lestrade was a young woman. John walked over to the both of them, his curiosity peaking. She was small, a few inches shorter than himself, with blonde hair in a loose bun that caught the sun and reflected gold, like a halo around her head. Her eyes were a royal blue, almost sapphire, and they were wide and round, making her face look young, innocent. She couldn't have been any older than 30 – and that was pushing it. She was wearing the blue overalls that identified her as part of the forensics team. Lestrade waved him over and introduced them.
“You’re a married man, happily married. You wear a wedding ring that is kept in good condition,” Sherlock began. John’s pulse quickened and he leant forward, eager to listen to Sherlock. “That the-”
John was a very caring partner, and he never pushed Mary to do or say anything she didn't want to. But there was one thing bothering him.
“Just remembering something.” John looked away, unable to hold Sherlock’s gaze whilst he was smiling like this.
It was only then, in the back of an ambulance, that John looked at what was wrapped around his shoulders. A bright orange blanket covered him, and as John looked back over to Sherlock, the tears began to silently spill over John’s cheeks.
She stood with her hands on her hips, accentuating their size in proportion to her petite waist, showing her flawless hourglass figure. Her hips were angled to the right, jutting out from her torso and her long, slim legs that really should be illegal to be shown in such a slim fitted pair of black work trousers. Her head was angled slightly, obviously deep in thought about the evidence that was displayed before her.
They waited for a few more moments to settle. A few pieces of paper made there way into the office, but Sherlock and John refrained from laughing at the fresh wave of stunned faces. Eventually, after about 10 minutes, when all the information had been passed to Lestrade, they began to work.
Head trauma. Post-traumatic. Retrograde amnesia. Temporary? Possibly. Hopefully. Treatment. Therapy. Memory recall. John. John?
The gentle babble of voices that had filled the room died immediately after Sherlock and John entered. There was a smash of china, not dissimilar to the one John heard on the night of Sherlock’s return.
Sherlock did not press the matter any further. His vast knowledge of emotions and behaviours gave him the advantage of knowing when to back off. He allowed John to keep pretending to be busy as he obviously gathered his thoughts and pulled himself together. Sherlock returned his attentions to the cultures under his microscope, but every few seconds his eyes would flicker back to John, who still had his back to him.
At the same time, John wanted to hold Mary close. He wanted to tell her that everything was going to be alright ,and he wanted so desperately to believe it himself.
The walls were covered form ceiling to floor in paper, evidence. It reminded John of their own evidence wall back in Baker Street. No smiley faces or bullet holes adorned these walls however, just photographs, reports, statements etc.
“No, Mrs Hudson, you don’t have to go.” John looked apologetically at her, before shooting murderous glances at Sherlock and Mycroft. If looks could kill, the Holmes brothers would be sharing a grave. But they couldn’t, and both men remained very much alive.
Both John and Sherlock sighed in relief. Sherlock couldn't stand another day of being so ridiculously bored, and John couldn't stand another day of Sherlock complaining about how ridiculously bored he was The tension in Sherlock's shoulders that had been present since John's minor slip-up disappeared. John too, felt himself relax at the news that they could go home. At home, he and Sherlock could get to work on the new development regarding Moriarty. At home, it would be nearly normal, with Sherlock's memory returned. At home, Mrs Hudson could fuss over them and make them tea and insist that she wasn't their housekeeper.
Mary had sat with John on a bench outside as he cried. She had cradled him against her and whispered soothing words of comfort as he buried deeper, clinging on to what he had. He silently thanked God that at least one of them was okay. If a situation ever occurred that put both Sherlock and Mary’s life in danger, it would break him. For now, he breathed in the smell of her honey scented shampoo, and allowed her words to wrap around him like a protective barrier.
The story had now been completed. Oddly though, John felt more at ease, rather than tense at hearing the story of Sherlock’s fall and return to Baker Street. He ran his hands through his grey-blonde hair, trying to stop his hands from shaking. He let out a large sigh as he held his head in his hands, just as he had that morning.
His inner Mycroft strolled over to him, swinging that ridiculous umbrella that Sherlock wanted to snap in two. Not a hair on his head was out of place, despite putting in as much effort as the rest of the group in their assault on the black door.
And after all that Sherlock had put him through, why did John still hold him in such high regard? It was baffling. Of course, Sherlock consented to be the best man, how could he refuse John anything? He set to work with Mary planning the wedding almost immediately. In truth, he wanted the whole event to be finished and done with as soon as possible so he didn’t have to endure the pain of planning John’s wedding to someone else for much longer. If this was how he felt now, Sherlock had no idea how he was going to feel about the big day itself.
“John, when Sherlock came to me to ask for help, do you know how upset he was?” John shook his head. “Well, he was a complete mess. His voice was unsteady, he was shaking like a leaf. I didn’t se him cry, but I’m sure that if I wasn’t there he would have been. He only wanted to make sure that you were safe. He knew that Jim- sorry, Moriarty would try to threaten you to get to Sherlock, and that ultimately that would end in Sherlock’s death. You were his number one priority. Not Mrs Hudson, not Lestrade, not me, not even himself. You. John, Sherlock always had the intention to return after the fall otherwise he wouldn’t have faked it. He would have really died that day – he was prepared to do that. But he knew that the threat wouldn’t have lifted, even if he did die, so he had to remove it, then come back to you. And after all that, and after realising what affect it’s had on you, do you really think Sherlock would willingly leave you like that again?”
“Right then,” said Lestrade, clasping his hands together in a very business-like way. “It’s about time we got you guys involved. I’ve been grasping at straws recently without you. Obviously we can solve it, but it’s just a lot quicker and easier and we need you, more than I like to admit. He ran his hands through his hair again.
John chuckled at the continuos threats and closed his eyes, perfectly content to revel in the fact that they were alive, they were safe and no threat was currently being held over their heads. John suspected that would all change soon, though. One of the many perks of living with the worlds only consulting detective.
“I love you too.” She kissed him goodbye, the sweetest kiss that John had ever shared with his wife, and she left, leaving John and Sherlock alone in the flat once more.
When they were alone again, John gathered his courage and took a deep breathe. He called Sherlock’s name and immediately had his attention. Pale blue met deep blue and an electricity crackled through the air, and John knew that this was right.
“No!” Sherlock almost lurched forward in panic. “Jason, please, I just need to do this over the phone.”
And that’s when Sherlock had learned of Mary’s tumor, and John’s attentions had been diverted elsewhere.
After promising to phone her in the morning, John sat in his old, familiar armchair in the living room to reflect on what Sherlock had just revealed to him. Sherlock had been
“It’s a story my brother told me when we were kids. The East Wind – this terrifying force that lays waste to all in its path. It seeks out the unworthy and plucks them from the Earth. That was generally me.”
John opened his eyes to find that there actually was something wrapped around him. A pair of arms had wrapped themselves tightly around his shoulders, and his face was now pressed into a thick mass of fabric that made up Sherlock’s well tailored jacket. He buried his face into Sherlock, as sobbing began to accompany the tremors. His hands fisted in Sherlock’s shirt, so even if Sherlock wanted to pull away, he couldn’t.
One of the hands moved from his arm to the nape of his neck, forcing his head to turn towards Lestrade's voice.
John, I know how much I’ve hurt you, but please understand that what I’m about to do I do with the best intentions…
John opened his eyes again, and realised too late that they were full of tears. He let the notes wash over him, each one feeling like a knife to the stomach, and yet they gave him hope. Was that possible? How could something give you hope, and yet at the same time cause you so much pain.
John smiled at Sherlock from across the table, before returning to the newspaper in his hand. The paper was blank, why on Earth would an imaginary paper need information? It wasn't as if Sherlock was going to read it. An imaginary paper to accompany the imaginary man.
Mycroft sighed, an action that caused a slight twinge of pain through his recently re-set nose. The bruising would certainly be impressive.
John's pulse began to race. What wasn't he ready for? His whole body tensed as he heard a hand come into contact with the doorknob. He rose from his chair, ready, waiting for his mysterious visitor.
He's home. He's at Bart's with a gunshot wound, minor tear on his lung, currently unconscious. Room 207. - MH
He pulled out his phone, sending Molly an update on their situation. A tearful phonecall later from the pathologist, Mycroft succeeded in reassuring Molly that everything would be absolutely fine. It would just take a little longer than expected.
Sherlock easily returned the stare that Moriarty was giving to him, ice meeting fire, genius and madman locked together in an internal battle that John was not a part of.
“A mayfly man, he lived for a day, four – no – five girls, attempted murder.” Sherlock dropped the bow on the floor and lifter hi hand to his head. His jaw tightened and John heard him suck in a breath through his teeth. John’s hands dropped to his sides, and he took a step away from the taller man, he didn’t want to crowd him.
They were silent as they moved around the kitchen, opening and shutting cupboards, the fridge and drawers. The only sound was the slow, haunting, yet beautiful music which emanated from Sherlock’s room just down the hall. John smiled as he continued to put away the shopping.
"Despite his utter idiocy, Anderson raised a very valid point. The police never found a body, John. If they had, they would have called into question whether or not my death was part of a murder-suicide. But no such questions were ever raised. It's possible that he could have had assistants ready to remove his body after I jumped, but there would have been far more blood and brain matter. So, once we have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains-"
Sherlock continued to stare at him with the same expression. A doctor had walked in, wearing the stereotypical lab-coat, carrying a clip board.
John tried to turn Sherlock over so he could see if there was any more damage. With a great effort, but making attempt to not hurt Sherlock anymore, John turned him over. He opened each eyelid and shone the light from his torch, forcing his hand to steady itself as he continued to shake. Sherlock’s pupils were slow to react. Too slow. He’d be concussed when he woke up.
She was shaking, and her voice was weak, cracking as the tears fell over her cheeks. She let go of his hand to wipe them away, and Tom moved forward to collect her together and leave. Probably for the best, John thought.
Molly looked past Mycroft’s shoulder in the direction of John’s room and made to move past him. Mycroft laid a gentle, yet firm hand on her shoulder, not wanting to scare the young pathologist, but still to prevent her from perusing his brother.
John ran. He ran as fast as he could after the tall figure in the long, flowing coat as they ran down the alley in the night. Why was it always an alley? Why was it always night? Could the criminals of London not escape the cliché?
Every cell in his body screamed to reach out to John, to hold him close, cradle him in his arms and tell him it’s not real. But he can’t, so he listens in absolute agony to the love of his life as he falls apart at Sherlock’s feet, unable to do anything. He could only hope that his sacrifice had been enough to stop Moriarty and his plan. One day, he planned to return to John. Without John, there was no Sherlock, not really. He left everything he had once been at the foot of St Bart’s hospital, and the doctor now knelt by Sherlock’s still form. Sherlock left the mystery, the magic. He left alone his conductor of light, the one person able to light up the tragedy that plagued Sherlock’s life.
"I know." John whispered, " I know he wants to kill me, to hurt me, anything to get to you, but Sherlock I don't give a fuck about Moriarty, the Irish bastard hasn't got a clue how strong we are together, and how much he's underestimated us. If anything ever happened to you Sherlock, I'm telling you, that fucker won't get away alive, neither would I for that matter. I want you to know Sherlock, that if you died, I would quickly follow one way or another. I love you, Sherlock, to the moon and back."
John grinned at Sherlock as he walked shakily into the bathroom before sinking into the bed with a sigh. What a roller coaster of a day... He didn't know what to feel, it was like all of his emotions were crammed into his head, happiness, sadness, fear, calmness, all at the same time. Where were they going to go now? John's chest caved in slightly from fear, and the unknown tomorrow that they faced. The feeling that he could do anything was being crumbled by the overpowering sense of helplessness. No... Now was not the time for such thoughts, he was here, now, with Sherlock, loving him like he always would. He shoved the thought to the back of his head and got up to collect his pants and shirt, the heating in the room wasn't too good, and the body temperature he had built up was beginning to stabilise, meaning he was getting cold.
Sherlock watched John fall asleep and watched him for a moment. He was so perfect. So beautiful. And the way he had been understanding earlier... He couldn't have found anyone better. Sherlock laid his head against John's and closed his eyes as well. He didn't ever want to wake up from this dream.
“So, what have you come here for?”, Harriet asked and Sherlock supposed that it would be John to reply as they surely had some family business to get over with before they would be welcome.
"Um, last time I remember it was the one opposite to mum's, careful though, there's a couple of steps." John mumbled, leading Sherlock to the room. It was obvious that Harry had not generously given up her room, but John was so tired he couldn't care less. She would have to deal with it in the morning. John felt his feet drag on the carpet, and his eyes were threatening to close by themselves, but he soldiered on. The door opened into a red room, with a messy double bed at the bottom end of the room, and a flung open wardrobe next to the window. Clothes and lingerie were spread all over, like some sort of fashion bomb had exploded in the room. John went to collapse on the strewn bed, only to jump up with a yelp of surprise. Something oblong and hard had started to vibrate underneath him and the sheets. Yep, this was Harry's room alright. John grimaced and mouthed 'oh god' as he gingerly nipped the sheets away, to reveal in all its 12 inch glory, precisely what John had been dreading. He turned to Sherlock and said simply: "We can't stay in this room."
Sherlock kept his eyes closed, hiding in that sweet dark nothing, but John's kisses got through to him and he could feel how his muscles slowly relaxed, how he relaxed. He was thinking too much. Simply thinking too much. John's kiss changed that. It was so wonderful, their lips on each other, like a miracle. Sherlock wanted to get closer to John, but he didn't dare to move as he wasn't wearing any pants anymore. He couldn't just touch him. He couldn't just touch him with those down parts. John wouldn't want that. Or would he?
Sherlock blushed as he saw the way John looked at him and ran his hand through his hair. Nobody had ever looked at him with such eyes. He walked back to the bed and sat on it, looking down on John. "We should sleep then..."
"That means we need some very dark shadows, and a very secluded living space.... How do we find any- AAAH!" John was cut off by an agonising pain slicing through his brain.
"I think there's one about 10 miles up the road... Or at least there was when I was here last." John said, realising that this might not be helpful.
Sherlock was looking forward to this, although he did feel kind of stupid doing this. But maybe that's what love was, just being stupid. It didn't make sense anyway. He didn't want to think now, so he sneaked towards John and when he was next to him, he wrapped his arms around him from behind. "Don't worry, it's just me", he whispered to his ear, before he turned John around and kissed him. Oh how he had needed this. Feeling John's lips on his own, it was fantastic and erased each and every thought except for those naughty ones from his mind. So he lifted John up, pushed him against the wall and kissed him more passionately. Damn, this was good!
When John entered him Sherlock let out a moan louder than all those before. It was incredible. It hurt, yes, but it was also a big pleasure, it was a mix of both and that was exciting. When John found a rhythm it was like he was pushing him to heaven. He could feel how he himself got harder too and felt the impulse to touch himself.
"I'll... Stay awake if that makes you feel better.... I don't want to particularly fall asleep now with that thought in my mind..."
“No need for that now”, Sherlock ripped the paper to pieces, “I have the real thing. I've got work to do.”
"No... No, It's ok, I'm going to bed now, so... Yeah." John said, unsure of what to say. Why didn't Sherlock pull him back? He wanted to hold him desperately, but after that little blip, he was hesitant to do that incase he appeared pathetic. Everything just felt awkward, why did it feel like that? Hopefully it was down to the situation, and the lack of sleep they had. Please pull me back, John thought, I'm sorry for misunderstanding... John turned around to go to the far side of the bed, he always slept on the left side, even when he was alone, he didn't know why, he just... Did. Perhaps it was his brain training him to be ready for when he could share a bed with someone he loved, and now he was.
“And that's also why you didn't admit that you love me?”, he now grinned with some kind of happiness in his eyes.
He looked at him and felt sorry. He didn't want to leave him behind, but he had to focus, to concentrate. He needed to lock himself up somewhere where people wouldn't distract him. And 221B was not a safe place anymore.
John resisted his urge, and brought his lips down to Sherlock's forehead, the sensation of Sherlock's fingers in his hair still causing satisfaction to course through his scalp. Then he began to grind against Sherlock's hips, so gentle that he didn't know whether Sherlock would feel it or not.
"How do you thi-" He swallowed down the thought with a sigh, and resorted to acting as a support for Sherlock. Now was not the time to be having a domestic, not when Sherlock was obviously fragile. It was the wrong way around, shouldn't John be the one shaking, after all, it is his blood Moriarty is out for? John sighed, and stood up from his seat before walking over to Sherlock's side. He guided him up from his seat, like a parent with a wobbly toddler. Beneath his touch, he felt Sherlock shake violently, like he was having a fit. He fell into John's arms, and clamped himself around the doctor. "As for me having a life.." he chuckled sadly, "You are my life, think about it, before you, I had PTSD, a psychosomatic limp and lived by myself, with a bloody gun in my desk drawer, whether it was for protection, or for relief, I don't know. That's no life, not really. Sherlock, your my oxygen, like I'm your drug. Without oxygen, we can't live, you have the same effect. But, if the truth of the matter has you to the point of shaking, I truly am sorry, but please don't act like a robot, you are a human being, just like me. Emotions are a part of that, as well as a functioning relationship, I tell you my feelings, you tell me yours. Sherlock, don't shut me out, please don't."
"Yes, you think I don't know that?" John chided, clenching his fist, "But why did you change subject so quickly? I was on about Harry yelling at us, not bloody Moriarty. And what did you mean by 'you know you can't'?" John was thoroughly confused, Sherlock's mood had gone from good to bad in a snap. Honestly, he was a little wary, scared even, of this sudden change.
Sherlock looked down on the floor as he didn't know what to say to that. These social situations had never required his attention, and suddenly he had to be careful with his words, because he cared if he hurt the person he was talking to. "I'm sorry I didn't tell you earlier", he said, thinking that an apology could be the right choice, "Do you, um, want a hug or anything?"
Sherlock was confused at first as John moved away from him, but smiled as he saw that it was because he was enjoying the way he treated his hair. So he kept doing it. He was glad he could do him something good, too, for this was the most exciting night Sherlock had had in his entire life. Nothing could compete with being this close to John.
John paused when he listened to the other male say that he was the expert in all of this, a small smile growing on his lips and he shook his head "Actually no... you are the first guy I have ever been with, so im just as new to this as you are" he chuckled quietly, stepping forwards and lightly pressing his lips against Sherlocks forehead before moving away from him, making his way across to his wardrobe. He could tell that Sherlock was a little uncomfortable at the fact that John would just sleep in his boxers, so he reached into his wardrobe and found himself a overly large, soft pj top which just covered his arse. He adjusted it slightly once he got it on before turning towards Sherlock, a loving smile on his lips before he pulled out a second Large Shirt "Here, wear this, they are the most comfy ones I have" he said, passing Sherlock the tshirt to wear before John slowly slipped under the bedsheets, Waiting for Sherlock to get changed before he gently patted the space next to him "Come here my love, lay next to me and then I can move us both into better positions"
"We would have to think faster than him. Know what he'll do next, before he can do it, and be at his hiding place while he's still there to watch us", the detective replied, thinking about what those steps could be. But without anything to go by the details were way too vague.
John looked outside his window so Sherlock decided to do the same. But he caught himself looking at the man next to him over and over. Why wouldn't he ask him about the case? It was like a fire inside him, burning, he wanted to tell John about the case. But unless he asked Sherlock couldn't tell him. That would be weird, this much he had learned.
John felt Sherlock shudder beneath him, and a sense of pride flourished in him. He had found Sherlock's pleasure point. He lightened his touch on the skin, just so that his lips brushed the surface, and his warm breath poured over Sherlock's neck. These two factors were sure to send Sherlock into a frenzy of pleasure.
"Makes sense", Sherlock mumbled and stood next to the bed, unsure if John would want him to get in as well. He was confused. At first John had wanted to be held by him as close as possible and now he was pushing him away. Sherlock didn't know what to do.
Meanwhile, John lay on the stone cold floor, hearing the fight emanate from the living room. His head still ached, and his joints felt like jelly. There was no way he could stand up. Their screaming hurt his ears, and he blocked them with his hands. Had Harry really meant that she didn't care if he died? He felt a sharp pain of sadness pierce his heart as he realised, she more than likely did. He slumped his head against the floor, the cold reviving him somewhat, and lay alone.
“Mine? Why?” It wasn’t a question he was asking them, he was asking himself. He replaced the mug on the coffee table and stood up off of the sofa in one swift movement. “I have to go now, I’m sorry.” He bent down and planted a quick kiss on Mary’s cheek. “Thank you, Mary.”
For some reason which was unknown to Sherlock, his sent hope and strength coursing though him. By watching John and concentrating on him and only him, Sherlock was able to tune out the never ending, torturous, mocking laughter.
John looked back into the room and saw Donovan with a look of resentment upon her face. She opened her mouth as if to protest, but at that precise moment, Greg shut the door, and proceeded to march them along the corridor and away from Sally Donovan’s fury.
"Sorry." He was, he didn't want Mary to think worse of him. He wanted her to be happy in her final weeks.
Most of these times, John was beaten, tortured, starved, blindfolded, gagged and physically, verbally and emotionally abused. But John was a soldier. He took it on the chin and endured it for the sake of the mission.
It made him sound like a love-sick teenager and he regretted it almost immediately. But to his surprise, seconds later, his text alert went off.
John and Mary had been watching a film, curled up together on the sofa, just enjoying each other’s company. Mary had picked out a soppy romantic-comedy, the kind that made John cringe from the sheer awfulness but Mary seemed to enjoy. For John, nothing could beat a classic Bond film, but it was not about what John wanted. If Mary wanted to watch a ridiculous rom-com full of fluffiness and flimsy plot-lines, John wasn’t going to object. There had been a knock at the door. John got up from the sofa to answer it. He had been answering the door, the phone, Mary’s phone, their emails, everything since they got back from the hospital. Sherlock had been standing there in all his glory, scarf, coat, collar, even the gloves. Both men froze.
He opened his mouth to try and convince him to stay, sure he could come up with a reasonable explanation and hoping that maybe, John could help him figure out what kind of mess these emotions had left him in. But in the end, all he could manage was, “I hope you have a nice evening.”
"I am perfectly capable of taking care of myself and do not need to be kept confined to this hospital bed in this hospital room which is the very epitome of boring."
"Correct on all accounts Mr Holmes. So, you really are as good as John says you are on his blog, I thought you were just exaggerating." She flashed a wicked grin at the army doctor.
From what John could see she was tall, although that was probably due to the almost inappropriate, but just the right side of professional heeled shoes she was wearing. Jet black hair, with a touch of mahogany lay elegantly on her shoulders in a style that was just too long to be called a bob, in large, luxurious waves.
"Promise me, John. One last promise." She opened her eyes again, they were still shining with tears that were threatening to spill over. It was obvious that she was scared. 'Bloody terrified' was how she had worded it once the time limit had been given. How could John say no? He simply couldn't.
But Mycroft did leave. He had to go to school, and Sherlock felt a fresh wave of betrayal every time he saw his brother load the car with his suitcases and drive off to a place where Sherlock was not. Sherlock had never really forgiven Mycroft.
“Sir, you can’t do this,” protested Sergeant Carter, pleading with Greg, trying to appeal to his good side by using ‘sir’ instead of his name, showing her professional respect for him.
“Such a shame, so much wasted talent. See, Sir Boast-A-Lot was no longer useful to the king and his knights, as he had once been. He tried to go back to what he once had been, but he was just an empty shell, a shadow, damaged and broken. He turned away from his friends and refused help. Far too proud to accept any help from anyone, even his dearest friend, the physician. He found that he couldn’t slay the dragons or chase the robbers or bring justice and peace to the kingdom. He didn’t show off or declare his brilliance anymore. He was no longer worthy of the name Sir Boast-A-Lot. He shut himself away, trying to gain back what was lost, keeping the world out whilst he struggled to bring back his stolen years. But that was wasting time.” There was nothing joking in the man’s expression now. It was deadly serious, not a smile or laugh in sight. In the background, what had once been blue sky and clouds had turned grey and stormy, almost black.
"I’ll bet.” Greg grabbed John by the elbow and dragged him to the bar, where by some miracle there were two spare seats next to each other. If John believed in fate, he would see it as a sign that he was destined to run into Lestrade. But as it is, John didn’t believe in any of that stuff. They each ordered a pint and had drained half of their glasses before Lestrade pressed the conversation forward. “How are you?"
Sherlock had no idea what to do. He had never been any good at these kinds of situations, but this was John. John, who had suffered so much, and Sherlock had not heard a word about it. He awkwardly put his arms around John and gently patted his back. He didn't say a word, extremely out of character for Sherlock. As John's sobbing began to subside, Sherlock made a move to put him back in the armchair, and released himself for John's grasp. He lowered his still weeping friend into the chair, and resumed his usual position in the chair opposite him.
Without thinking about it, Sherlock picked up his own mug, leaving John’s behind on the table. John felt his eyes widen. He stared at Mary, who stared at him in return, and then they both turned to stare at Sherlock, who was drinking tea like it was the elixir of life.
Satisfied that Mary wouldn’t be waking up any time soon, John excused himself to chick his phone. There was only one thing. He had a new voicemail. John dialed and held the phone to his ear.
They left very shortly afterwards. Sherlock went home to Baker Street, and John went back to Mary at their home. As soon as John had walked through the door, Mary had turned to him, obviously looking for an argument. However, the moment she'd seen the look on his face, the fight drained out of her. They ended up on the sofa together, Mary with her arms wrapped tightly around John's shoulders as he completely broke down. Seeing Sherlock in such in such a state seemed to not only have emotionally drained John, but also feel intense amounts of pain and sadness himself. He felt Sherlock's loss, had experienced it first hand, and Sherlock, who had always seemed so strong, had completely broken down.
John could never have anticipated the shot. Despite being on high alert and taking in as much of his surroundings as he possibly could - which was surprisingly a lot, Sherlock would have been proud of him - he failed to see the assassin hidden in the shadows of the abandoned warehouse where his latest encounter with a high-status Serbian associate was being held.
He filled the kettle with water and set it to boil, then removed three mugs from the cupboard and placed them on the counter before him. Sherlock had his own mug here, for whenever he felt like he wanted to visit, which had been often. It had an intricate pattern in black and white, similar to the wallpaper at 221B – it was like having a part of his old life here in his new one, with Mary. Mary’s mug was red – her favourite colour – with white polka dots, and John’s was covered in blue and white stripes. They even had a pot of Sherlock’s favourite tea-bags next to the regular ones that John and Mary used. Sherlock was just an irremovable part of their lives. These past few weeks without him had been so strange. There had been no texts, no calls, nothing. Which is why John was very suspicious of Sherlock appearing on their doorstep out of the blue, and requesting a private conversation with Mary.
“Yeah you probably did.” Both men laughed lightly. “Thank you for coming. It meant a lot to both of us that you still came despite… you know.”
"Well, Liz, it's a pleasant change to have someone on the scene with more than one brain cell except myself, John and on occasions Lestrade" Sherlock nodded his head apologetically towards him, knowing that these insults were probably a bit not good. John waved him away, he'd heard worse before about the team, and he silently thanked whatever Gods were listening that Lestrade had the good sense not to bring Anderson and Donovan this time, and instead bought Liz.
"So," Sherlock continued to the both of them, "we can assume there was a struggle, meaning the people who took him relied on brute force, rather than laying out a trap. They were clumsy though, incredibly. They either drove up to him and grabbed him whilst still moving, or they were waiting for him as he approached before ambushing him."
“It’s perfectly alright Lestrade.” Sherlock’s eyes never left Sergeant Carter’s.  “I’m under no delusions that I am underserving of this treatment.”
“John, remember that I will try as much as possible to fill Sherlock in about the past few years of his life, but it will not make it any less difficult for you.” Mycroft looked sympathetically at the army doctor. This was the plan. Mycroft would help at Baker Street, and then collect his brother from the hospital, explaining the situation as best he could to Sherlock, and hoping that he didn’t kick up too much fuss over an apparent stranger keeping an eye on him. Mycroft had promised to stress the fact that John was not a stranger, and had been Sherlock’s friend before the fall. After that, he would leave John and Sherlock in Bakere Street and watch how events unfurled, intervening only when necessary. “I would offer to take care of Sherlock myself but-”
The sobbing began again. Although it helped to relieve some of the pain, it did nothing t fill the hole in his life, the flat, his heart. A hole that was created the moment his best friend took the step off of St Bart's hospital. The hole that could never be filled. Only one person could fill that hole, and Sherlock had just attended his funeral. Only John Watson was capable of making Sherlock feel complete.
It was painfully beautiful, just as John remembered it. He closed his eyes and saw Mary, in her beautiful ivory gown, and her smile, such a beautiful smile. He saw the guests, all stood around them as they took their tentative first steps of the waltz. He could see Sherlock, on the stage in his suit, eyes closed, concentrating and letting the music take over him as he played. He could himself together with Mary together, twirling on the dance floor, as Sherlock played his composition for them, such a perfect moment.
“We're here to request your help“, Sherlock continued for John who obviously was unable to speak, “As you know who I am I assume that you also know about the danger it can cause. John and I are looking for a safe place to be able to plot in silence.“
“Okay then. Let's look at this like at a case“, Sherlock said and lifted his hands to take mental notes, “Give me all the facts we have.“
John fell silent.... It hadn't exactly been a smooth time for him. He had killed Moriarty just to find out that it was an innocent man, they are supposed to be in hiding, he was drugged, they were technically outlaws... It wouldn't be out of the question for his PTSD to be triggered again... He remained quiet, reluctant to tell Sherlock why.
The threat though. There was somebody out there threatening my family. I was a soldier and I would protect those I loved.
Sherlock had laid down on the bed again. How could he possibly be so stupid? Why couldn't he just think? He hurt John badly, he knew that. And although he said it would be fine it probably wouldn't be.
Although he had her arms pinned, the lower part of her body was free to some extent to move. This gave her room to hurt him, to fight back. Sherlock was too focused on her face to see her leg pull back, and it was only when she made contact with his groin that he realised it was there.
"Defence isn't always procrastination, but I guess it isn't always the most effective way of winning the battle. How would we go about, trying to find him without Moriarty realising our plan?"
Sherlock looked back at John in surprise. Hearing these words, although he had heard them before, made him incredible happy, despite the context that he had, again, made a mistake. "Then this was correct..."
Those words that John uttered left a longing in him to kiss his Captain, but he held himself back. Maybe now was not the right moment. Instead he clung to his arms and tried to find protection.
John clutched onto Sherlock for dear life, in fear of him slipping away. He'll stay forever.... He'll stay forever.... Will he? "Promise?"
John heard the approaching footsteps of Sherlock and tried to get up using his arms. He was still too weak, and fell back onto the ground. Whatever had happened, it was over suddenly, presumably with Sherlock ending it. God, Harry could really go too far sometimes... He dreaded to think what Mum was thinking about from the racket downstairs.
Sherlock had followed John and had somehow managed to put a professional look on his face when he had talked to the man. Now he leaned in to the seat and closed his eyes. What John had done was impressive and highly attractive, there was no doubt on that. But Sherlock somehow felt out of character. He couldn't even find himself a reason to laugh because of this ridiculous situation, the adventure and excitement that should have been there. There was only darkness and a fear that seemed to swallow everything else.
“This is all my fault...“, Sherlock finally managed to say, but broke the eye contact with John after having said this. It was with no doubt and he couldn't just look into the eyes of the man he loved with this knowledge.
Sherlock's breath went deeper and harder the more John was doing all those things to him. To feel those fingers in his hair was wonderful. Exciting. And their bodies next to each other... incredibly tempting. Sherlock couldn't help himself and changed his position again, looking at John, always in worry if he would mind. Now that he got finally access to his chest he wanted to caress it and he did. He took his place in between John's legs, then he ran his hands over the hot skin to get an idea of it first. It was smooth and hard at the same time, muscly but soft. He crawled somehow on top of John and started to kiss the skin right below his neck first, the sweet and tempting hollow that he loved so much. Sherlock's breath fastened and he went for it more eagerly. Then he continued moving downwards and kissed John's chest, always hoping that John liked it too.
John raised his eyebrows and turned his head to smile at Sherlock encouragingly. This man could never cease to surprise him.
Sherlock didn't look up, he stuck as close to John as possible for he was in a constant fear that if he let go of him for even a mere second he could be stolen from him. "He had some huge pain in his head...", Sherlock answered to her but was careful that he didn't speak too loudly so it would hurt John.
I couldn't help it but walked into the room and sat down next to Sherlock on the bed. I placed one hand on his shoulder very carefully. I didn't want him to wake up, he had to rest. But I needed to be this close to him now. He would never know, and I would have the insurance that he was still here. I looked at him. He was such an astounding man. Always a fighter, surviving somehow.
Moriarty took a gun out of his pocket and pointed it at John; he walked around them slowly, just like a predator surrounding his prey.
"What?" John's fear had him wide awake now and Sherlock sat up, too. "You didn't. I'm here... I'm here, John", Sherlock put an arm around him, hoping that it was the right thing to do. That it wouldn't make John's state even worse.
John hoped that his tiredness would wear away as it often did, and he decided for the mean time to suck it up and get on with it. Beside him, Sherlock had fallen quiet, John didn't know whether it was because he was focusing, or because he didn't want to provoke him. The silence was unsettling, it made John squirm slightly in his seat. Perhaps putting on the radio would levitate the atmosphere? John switched on the radio and lowered the volume, he was still cautious. The music came through as a background noise, and it calmed John's nerves down. His eyes were still heavy, but sleep wasn't looming over him as it was before.
He loved to feel John inside of him, dear lord yes he did! There definitely were nerves that he stimulated, but he was getting really hard and he needed to be released.
„Yes“, he replied with his brain being on autopilot. The most necessary things could be done like this, conversations that needed only 1% of his attention could be performed while he would still focus on what was really important. There surely was the danger that he could give answers that the one he talked to wouldn't acclaim to, but mostly he could avoid that and so the other person would think they had his attention.
Anyway, now that he was here he could also look for clues. His shoes made that typical noise when he walked over the sand and he wondered if John could ever forgive him or understand once the work was done. Sherlock wasn't even allowed to turn around and look at him. He had to play his role. He didn't care. He didn't care. He told that to himself over and over again.
“Not to the flat, not to Baker street, no!“, Sherlock said in slight panic, “we'd run right towards him!“ He was still shaking and barely able to speak. This state he was in was both things to him: Irritating and useless. It made him extremely mad at himself. But he couldn't help it and sticked close to John, although it made him feel like some stupid child, being with John made him feel safer. So he didn't care. “Please, John, let's go somewhere safe...“
“We have to take care of you. We need medicine and a place for you to rest. Basically anything will do“, Sherlock replied as he didn't know what to do and where to go either. This was what made Moriarty different from other... bad guys, from other criminals. He left Sherlock without a clue. It was both exciting and frightening at the same time.
“Actually... I would love to share the bed with you”, Sherlock said, “I've been waiting for this so long, every time that I looked at you I could only think of being close to you. And now it seems so surreal...” He shook his head, trying to get his thoughts back to where they had started, “I guess what I'm trying to say is that I doubt I could ever feel more comfortable than when I am with you. It's just all very new to me, like you have mentioned correctly, so I think it would be for the best if you lead me to everything. I would love to sleep next to you tonight, but at first I think we had to prepare ourselves for bed first, and second... probably you should lie down first then and tell me... well, what positioning would be normal in this case.”
“You drifted away“, Sherlock replied, looking back and forth between John and the road, “I'm not the doctor here, tell me if it's fine for you to fall asleep or if it means you're...“ he couldn't finish saying that.
John paused as he listened to him speak before he let out a small sigh "Alright... I will go get us some sausage rolls and then we will go for a walk" he shrugged slowly before standing up "just sit here for a minute while I get them and then we will go" he nodded slowly before making his way towards the front counter. John let out a shaky breath, his heart pounding as he thought about how Sherlock was acting. It was worrying, the Detective was acting shifty, like he had something on his mind. John sighed, sadly muttering his order before waiting for them to be cooked. John slowly crossed his arms, glancing back at Sherlock briefly before turning his attention back to the waitress. He gave the lady a polite smile before taking the sausage rolls from her. John slowly made his way towards Sherlock, head low as he walked towards him and he held out a sausage rolls to the sociopath "there, Come on then, let's go for this walk then" he said, giving him a slight smile before gently tugging the sleeve of Sherlocks Coat, as if telling him to hurry up when actually, he just wanted to touch the detective. Truthfully he wanted to wrap his arms around his waist and press his face into his chest, but he knew that wouldnt happen.
John's kiss helped Sherlock to relax incredibly. He enjoyed it and breathed heavily anew, and wrapped his arm around his... whatever it was that they were now, around him, and reached out for the soldier's hair again. But this time he caressed it carefully, gently. He placed the other hand on John's arm and ran his fingertips over it slowly and lovingly.
Sherlock's eyes were moving over the screen as he realized that somebody was talking to him; presumably it was John. Too soon! He hadn't finished his researches yet, didn't figure out where they had to go to find out more about the murderer yet... but he couldn't have told him that.
Johns heart ached when he listened to the detective speak. The male swallowed carefully and he shook his head, Slowly coming to a stop "No... no im not doing this" he breathed, slowly looking up at Sherlock with sad eyes "In all honesty Sherlock, I was expecting that we would be spending time together, not just bloody investigating this case"he said, clenching his fists and glancing away from him "Go enjoy your deductions, im staying here" he said firmly, looking up at Sherlock with angry and hurt eyes "I dont want to get wet" he lied, glancing away from him before sighing "Just come back here when you are finished looking" he said, stepping back away from the detective before turning away from him, ignoring the burning pain in his chest, tears filling his eyes "I dont know what I was expecting.." he grumbled and stepped away
"The 'go fuck yourself' room, it's right next to the 'piss off' Bathroom." She said smiling, and in the process she put her middle finger up on her right hand, obviously still pissed off from the previous incident.
"Nah, it's fine, I'll hop in after you." John said brightly, giving Sherlock a final kiss on the lips before rolling onto the other side of the bed and sliding underneath the sheets.
"I have no idea", Sherlock replied in all honesty. He had thought of something, yes, but it was ridiculous. "I thought of a motel, but how on earth am I supposed to get you in there? Whoever the owner might be, I surely cannot just carry you inside."
John was woken by a sharp rapping on the door, followed by a tired and strained voice. "Wakey wakey, time to get up. I would come in, but I don't really want to have the image of you two screwing like bunnies permanently etched into my mind. God I feel like hell..." She grumbled, her voice dimming as she lumbered away. John was welcomed by a blurry world that gradually focused as his eyes recovered from sleep. It was when he was half awake that he noticed the heat from Sherlock's hand on his arm. He was touching him, actually touching him. It wouldn't seem like a big step to any outsiders, but to Sherlock it was the same as marriage. He didn't want to break the contact, but he needed to look at his face. He squirmed under the sheets until he was facing Sherlock, already awake. The detective stared deep into John's eyes, but he couldn't tell what he was thinking. It was like Sherlock was just... Analysing his features, not in a predatorily or loving way, but like a scientist observing his test subject: full of curiousness and interest. "Morning." John whispered, his voice weak with sleep.
Sherlock woke up to reality a bit confused, so he looked around to return to the situation he had been in before. As he noticed John on his left he decided to make a funny reference to let him know everything was fine without having to have a huge discussion.
No time or reason to think about that now. He had to act like he didn't understand, like he didn't know what was going on. So he just walked down to the river. It would be hard to focus now that all he could think about was John's pain and it felt like his own heart was a mirror to his companion's. But John would be safe and that was all that mattered.
John held his breath and covered his face in embarrassment, trying to stay as quiet as he could except it was very very difficult considering Sherlock still had his hands on him and his bulge was pressed into Sherlock's thigh. "S-Sherlock" he whispered when he could hear the man urinating "P-Please stop touching me" he whined, moving into the touch instead of out of It, praying that the detective wouldn't trigger one of his sensitive spots and make the Doctor moan. John breathed slowly in and out through his nose, reaching down to press his hand against his bulge, rubbing it slightly as he tried to get some friction, knowing things could have been far worse if they were undressed or actually... Having sex.
“No! I don't want to hear anything. Just shut up!”, he continued, grabbed his coat and walked out the door. He really hoped that John wouldn't follow him. Not yet.
John closed his eyes in relief, God he was thankful for Sherlock sometimes. Again, his mother raised her eyebrows and leaned forward like an excited child.
“John, I...”, Sherlock started full of insecurity. He didn't know what to say and looked at him desperately. Why couldn't things be easy? He didn't want for John to leave him again. Sherlock doubted that he could survive that.
John blinked as the male listened to him, able to feel his cheeks turning a burning red and he groaned, allowing his eyes to roll "Obviously im going to get changed! Wait... when on earth did you actually pay attention to what im wearing... scratch that, Dont answer" he said, cheeks still an embarrassed red as he turned away from him. John breathed in slowly, allowing his eyes to close as he calmed down his racing heart, able to feel it pulsing in his ears "Is there anything you need me to do before I go to get dressed?" He asked, finally allowing his head to turn so he could look over his shoulder at Sherlock "And drink your tea, it will be getting cold" he said firmly.
This was quite extraordinary, not that he couldn't have guessed it in retrospect, but now it was sure that if he took care and tried not to act like the douchebag he was she could even like him. Maybe he shouldn't speak too much. There was nothing he could say about this topic anyway. It was something between John and his mother, a touching family moment, and if he'd interfere he'd probably ruin it, just like he tended to ruin things. No. He'd stay silent unless he was being asked.
“In case it doesn't kill you before you can even take a peak”, Mary said, sitting in the front seat.
John ran his hands back down Sherlock's neck and underneath his shirt to his warm skin. His hands were icy cold from the lack of heat in the car, and on Sherlock's body was the best place for them to warm up.
"I think I can walk by myself now, my legs sure as hell don't feel as weak." John replied, moving his legs around in the footwell.
Sherlock had parked close to the entrance, which made it easier for John. They stumbled, slowly and carefully, to the double doors (which were thankfully automatic). A woosh of heated air greeted their cold faces. The place seemed welcoming enough, the lobby was empty, and contained several armchairs that looked like they would swallow you whole without a single warning. A radio station was playing quietly over the speakers and provided a relaxed environment, if you counted Shakira as relaxing. Pictures of smiling faces and landscapes were dotted about on the pale yellow walls strategically, to captivate people's eyes, they were the same pictures from when John had last stepped foot into the hotel, except back then the walls were a pastel red. To the corner, was the reception desk, a curved piece of light wood, with signs and directions drilled into the sides. Behind it was a young receptionist, with tied back brown hair and an open face, inviting. Her mouth was stretched into a smile that seemed like it was always in use, John looked down to her name tag. Kelly, it didn't suit her, in John's opinion. More of a Sophie, or Chloe.
“What is it?”, I asked, but Sherlock didn't reply. He just stood in front of the window, staring outside, the curtains blowing in the wind. I slowly attended him, looked at him, came to stand next to him. His view was frozen, he didn't even move. I knew that state of his, but not like this. It wasn't just detached as usual, I was able to detect fright in his eyes, but also a sense of excitement.
But Sherlock knew that John couldn't protect him. He was the prey, Moriarty's prize. So it was on Sherlock to protect him. Not to let the feelings in and distract him from the attention he had to pay on everything that would happen.
John nodded quickly and smiled at his new lover " Yes Sherlock, Yes I'm fine" he said and quickly pulled him into his arms, holding the detective tightly "You were just having a nightmare, calm down" he muttered before pressing his lips against the other males temple "You are fine... I'm fine... It's all okay" he muttered into his ear before slowly running a hand down his back as he pulled away, a loving smile on his lips before he shifted uncomfortably on the bed, the male usually able to sort out his morning problem but he couldn't with Sherlock in the room.
"Have I been asleep when you weren't some time? Did you eat anything I didn't?" He added silently "Am I just used to the drug...?"
At first I didn't move, and if it had been anybody else I would have pushed him away immediately. But this was John. I slowly started to answer the kiss. A whole bunch of emotions ran through my body, a kind of happiness made me shiver, the blood rushed through my veins. He was so tender and gentle. Was this what love felt like? I wanted more of it, I never wanted this to stop. I started to kiss him more passionately, which he took as a sign and pushed me down to the bed.
Sherlock smirked as he exposed his John, was this what flirting was like? He hoped it was and not insulting again. The difference was hard to see.
"Well, not everything, not if you don't want to, but just let me have a preview into your mind, I know that this calmness you have going on isn't real, let me in Sherlock, I think I deserve it."
Gareth Skinner, he had just been interviewed for his new record, he had made it to climb a certain range in a new best time.
The detective took his boyfriend's hands on the table. "And I love you", he replied, wanting to say so much more, wanting to express all those feeling he had because of John, but all he said was this sentence. They were only three words but still they meant so much.
“Careful!”, he said, ready to hold me if I would fall out of the bed. What an interesting coincidence. John would catch me if I fell. Didn't he always?
Sherlock stormed towards him, took the pillow and threw it far away: “Come on, it wasn't that bad! Not at all a reason for killing y...”
“What do you think you're doing?”, he shouted and threw something, he didn't even see what, because his whole focus was placed on John, off the table as he jumped up and rushed out of the kitchen.
John smiled and nodded firmly, studying his eyes carefully for a breath moment "I think it is a very good idea" he breathed before slowly leaning in close, kissing his lips deeply before allowing his eyes to close, wrapping his arms around his neck, pulling him in close. John wanted to go further with Sherlock than they had already gone, but he was scared that he was moving too fast and would scare Sherlock away. The male pulled back carefully, whining as their lips were pulled apart "We will go at your pace.. You tell me if you want to do more or less okay?" He asked, tilting his head to the side
“Maybe we really should disappear into the bathroom, you can't concentrate like this”, Sherlock grinned at John. It was more of a joke, but if this could help his soldier to focus again, he'd do it. It was a weird place for anything in that direction, but it was a place where most people wouldn't expect them to... whatever it would be they'd do. And also Sherlock could feel his excitement rise as John reminded him on the image he had just let go. He bit his lip.
When he looked up again John had already placed himself on the bed and looked at him expectingly. It was very tempting. How often had he imagined this and now the moment was here. Sherlock climbed into the bed awkwardly, then he looked at John.
“Oh Sherlock!”, I heard a way too familiar voice from upstairs, “You don't really want to open that door, do you?”
He was surprised at first when John started to lead his hands, but then he realized that it was good, that it was what he wanted and did as he was commanded. A silent “Yes, sir” escaped his lips.
"Oh, I... you want me to.. of course." He turned around and left the room. Why did he always miss these things?
They were greeted by a double bed, which dwarfed the small person in the middle of it. John's mum was almost swallowed by the sheets. Her beady eyes narrowed on Sherlock, not in a mean way, but a wise, observing way. She lifted herself upwards, so that she was sitting up, and folded her thin arms in front of her. After a short bout of silence, a wide smile sent her face into masses of wrinkles. "John! It's been a while since you came to visit, but I don't remember you bringing your little friend here." She said, looking at Sherlock with a sly gleam in her eyes.
"I wanted to find the man who killed her, killed my beautiful Victoria. I worked tirelessly, examining all of the evidence. My deduction skills were already well developed, but then it had a purpose. I solved it in two days and he was arrested. Mycroft made sure he got a life sentence. It didn't feel good, John, because at the end of the day Victoria was still dead, and so was our child. And
“True.” John even let out a small, breathy laugh. It was true. Sherlock would not have put up with Molly’s constant puppy dog, ‘I love you so much’, routine if he did not believe her of use, meaning she was definitely more intelligent than people gave her credit for. He felt a slight twinge of guilt and pity, but moved the conversation on. Forwards was the best way to go when it came to things like this, and as his father had once told him in a clipped, military voice:
“You’re too busy being the British government to help your only brother who can’t remember his old flat mate, which really isn’t a concern of yours anyway,” John snapped, finally reaching breaking point, “yeah, I gathered.” John did not mean to sound so resentful or harsh, but something about being back in Baker Street just pushed John over the edge. Maybe it was that he had to face up to the reality and enormity of the task ahead of him. He felt the pressure of a strong hand on his shoulder, and it took John a minute to register that the hand belonged to Mycroft. John was so unused to signs of affection from the Holmes brothers that he was suitably shocked and touched at the gesture. It was as if Mycroft was planting him on the ground in preparation. John would have to be Sherlock’s anchor as he readjusted to the world.
John - the last of the weariness leaving his body - pulled himself into a full sitting position, looking Alvarez directly in the eye.
Sherlock scoffed at John's words and turned his attention to the black and white wallpaper which cover the wall that Sherlock used to use as he wall of evidence. But there hadn't been anything pinned to the wall since John's death.
Her face was absolutely breath-taking, and oddly familiar. Sharp cheekbones that could cut diamonds, full lips, pale skin and glittering, pale blue eyes.
People had always remarked on what a heartless man Sherlock was, John himself had said so before he stormed out of Baker Street. He’d never shown that he’d cared for anyone other than himself, and occasionally John. He was always amazed that John could regard so many people in such a high favour when it seemed that Sherlock would not, or could not.
John could do nothing but stare at Sherlock, who now looked so agitated that John feared for his safety. Danger. A quick glance at Mycroft told John that the same thought had crossed his mind
A hand was rubbing soothing circles into his back, and a voice made its way through the chaos of Sherlock’s mind.
John followed the baritone rumble, which was vaguely recognisable, and yet his mind was in no state to remember immediately. The fuzzy outline of the person before him began to sharpen, and soon John was able to make out a set of well defined cheekbones, a narrow, aristocratic looking face, piercing bluey-greeny-slivery eyes all surrounded by a halo of dark curls.
He began to laugh manically. John and Sherlock exchanged confused looks, and in that one moment, that singular point I'm time where they both took their eyes off of the scene before them, was the moment when a tanned, heavily muscled arm wrapped itself around John's neck and he felt the cold, smooth metal of the barrel of a gun press against his temple. The arm forced John forward, bringing him level with Moriarty and turned him to face Sherlock. John could not see the man with the death like grip around his neck, but could deduce (Sherlock was really rubbing off on him) that he was significantly taller than John, well built, a smoker from the stench of cigarettes that emanated from him, right handed although that did not impede the grip of his left arm and judging by the way he stood and the hold he currently had John in he had some sort of military background.
What did he do to deserve this man as a friend? Clearly, the old Sherlock must have done something incredibly heroic or selfless. He scoffed at this idea. Heroes didn’t exist – but it sounded exactly like something John would try to do, turn him into a hero. Again with the romanticism.
He had never thought of it in that way. John's grave. It made it seem all to real. It made it seem that John really had jumped from the roof of Bart's. That his best friend was so desperately unhappy that he chose to end his life rather that live and let Sherlock try to help.
“But it seems that Sherlock is in a,” Mycroft paused for a moment as he searched for the appropriate word, “delicate situation.”
“Could you turn the radio off please?” Sherlock’s voice sounded so fragile and broken, as if he was 8 years old again and had scraped his knee after falling from a particularly high tree.
“He couldn’t stop thanking me, and I thought it was sweet. I smiled and started to turn to leave, but he stopped me. He turned me back around and looked up at me. I hadn’t realised he was shorter, but that didn’t think it made any difference to how beautiful I thought this man was.”
Even Sherlock had made an effort to spoil his landlady. He spent the morning composing a special piece on the violin for the woman who had been a mother figure to him. It was slow, emotional and yet beautiful and uplifting. It was his thank-you. Mrs Hudson had loved it, and she enveloped John and Sherlock in a tight hug and she wiped a tear from her eye as Sherlock lowered the beautiful instrument in his hands.
Obviously he hadn't woken up, he was in fact still dreaming, and the lightness and dream-like state was just a result of him still being unconscious. Sherlock know that this wasn't real because inside the room, lying on the bed was John.
“Inadvisable. He seems to be holding both you and I as personally responsible for Doctor Watson’s injuries. He is not in the best state of mind. Leave him be, not only for his safety, but for your own too. I know that should Sherlock cause you harm whilst he is emotionally compromised, neither Doctor Watson, or himself will forgive him for it when he’s recovered.”
“Something amusing Doctor Watson?” Sherlock’s tone was accusing, challenging, but John just kept smiling.
Sherlock heard Jason laugh, and he smiled. He liked making Jason laugh, just like he had liked making John laugh.
“Why-” Sherlock began, but John quickly cut him off, wanting him to rest, he would need a lot of that over the coming weeks. The hand wiping the tears away stopped their movement and delicately cupped Sherlock’s face, keeping Sherlock’s eyes on him.
If it had been quiet before, after Sergeant Carter had slapped him, it was nothing compared to the silence that descended upon the room after Sherlock dropped this bombshell.
They took their usual mode of transportation to the scene – a black London taxi – and found Lestrade and his team had already taped off the area, the flashing lights casting dancing images of blue across the surrounding area. Sherlock jumped out of the taxi, leaving john to pay, again. By the time John turned around, Sherlock was already moving around the scene in choreographed steps. It didn't look any different to any other crime-scene. Except…
Eyes still closed, it was all too easy for the image of John, face bloodied, eyes blank, spread out over the crimson streaked concrete outside of Bart's.
John ran up the stairs, two at a time before he reached 221B. He opened the door and strode into the flat. Sherlock was sat at his microscope, incredibly focused and just… well… Sherlock. He was utterly normal - well, normal for Sherlock. He breathed a sigh of relief, before dumping the shopping back unceremoniously on the kitchen table.
When I say I need to find her someone, Sherlock thought, of course I mean John, he’s always been much better at these things, and would probably pull it off with more finesse than if I ever even attempted…
“I do-” But the rest of Sherlock’s protests were cut off by John’s lips, which were now pressed against his own. Sherlock melted into the kiss, allowing the warmth that radiated from John to permeate his skin and fill him up. As John continued to kiss him, deeper and with more passion and desperation, Sherlock noted how complete he felt. He was meant to be here, in John’s arms, kissing him, poring everything he’d felt over the last months into the kiss, allowing it to consume him, and his mind went blissfully blank.
John turned to the kitchen, intent on getting caffeine into his system as soon as possible. “Tea, Sherlock?”
Knowing by now John's proffered method of dismantling the network Mycroft's team had been prepared to set off much earlier than planned. If they hadn't, John would most certainly have died. They reached the warehouse, first taking out the assassin, judging their position by how John had fallen, before moving to the rest of the organisation in the building. Three members of the team attended to the unconscious army doctor as the team leader contacted Mycroft to inform him of the possible fatality, moving him as quickly as possible to outside of the warehouse.
There was the deafening, sickening sound of an impact of something crashing into something else. John turned the corner. The murderer was running down, away from John, but this is not what caught John’s eye. Sherlock was crumpled in a heap on the ground, face down, not moving, not even making a sound.
It also explained Sherlock's aversion to relationships, and his disregard of Molly was suddenly understandable. Not only was Sherlock simply not interested in dating, but he'd feel like he was betraying his late wife he did so. It was all falling into place, and John wondered why he hadn't seen sooner.
John had not needed to explain to Mary what was happening. The moment she’d heard his voice on the phone, she’d ordered him to stay put until she got there. John had held onto the phone with both hands, as if it were his lifeline. Only a short while later he had heard footsteps running up the stairs and a quiet knock, just above John’s right shoulder as he remained leaned against the door. He’d scrambled clumsily to his feet and opened the door with such ferocity that he was surprised that it didn’t fly off of it’s hinges. His beautiful, strong and perfect wife was waiting on the other side. There was no ‘hello’, no ‘how are you?’  There were no words at all, there didn’t need to be. Mary was wearing her favourite red coat, her hair pinned back at the sides with jeweled clips that John had bought her as 3 month anniversary present on a whim. He wasn’t sure Mary would like them, but she did, immensely so. John appreciated that she was wearing them, he didn’t know why, but they’d put a small smile on his face when he saw them nestled in Mary’s blonde hair.
John's world shattered. He watched as Sherlock once again stepped up to the edge of the roof. The grip on his neck loosened slightly as Moran's attention turned to the man silhouetted across London's skyline, his beloved coat waving in the slight breeze. Josh couldn't watch. He turned his gaze to his feet, refusing to look.
"When you said you'd jump in front of a bullet. John, I can't- You can't- I wouldn't let you. I need you here, alive, breathing, I just-"
“So explain to me. I’m not stupid, John. If I was, do you think Sherlock would put up with me so much, let alone ask me for help?”
“I’m scared that sooner or later, Sherlock’s going to want to leave me again. That he’ll pack up and leave without any warning, just as he did before. I don’t want to get close to him if he’s going to put me through that again, because once nearly killed us both.”
Greg rose from his desk and made his way over to his two friends and sometimes-colleagues, leaving Donovan at the desk.
“Excuse me, Sherlock?” Her tone was polite and inquisitive. Sherlock raised his eyebrows in surprise, and yet there was no cutting remark that John had learned to expect. Clearly, Mary knew how to handle Sherlock, even in his current condition. John felt pride swelling inside him as he regarded his wife. He smiled to himself and went back to the kettle, which had just finished boiling, the steam rising in swirling, grey columns around the kitchen.
There was no need for Mycroft to elaborate. Greg knew exactly whose grave it was that Sherlock apparently visited on a daily basis.
John was trying harder that anyone else. His face was screwed up in concentration as he shoved at the door with all the power that years of rugby training and military service could give a person. His efforts were constant. All his attentions and focus was on the task at hand, and despite reaping no successes, he continued to fight against it with everything he had. His eyes never moved from the black wood, and he seemed like a singular force that stood out amongst the group effort.
“I sustained a few broken ribs, minor bruising on my face, a broken nose and several broken bones in my feet. The man packed quite a punch.” Sherlock smiled wryly. “But I made sure he was caught. He came off worse than I did. I saw to that.” He was no longer smiling. He remembered the satisfaction of hurting as much of him as possible. To punish him for the threat he had made against John, and he regretted nothing.
John gently took hold of Sherlock’s arm, and turned the underside towards the light so he good get a better look. There they were. The tiny, pink, tell-tale specks. Track marks. Sherlock made an effort to turn it back, and then hid his face in his shoulder, obviously ashamed.
"You think everything will fix itself that easily? The man's a wreck. He's not himself. Sherlock Holmes died along John Watson that day and there is nothing we can do about it, so what's the point of even trying?"
“John, it’s been years since I’ve touched anything stronger than paracetamol. Do you really think I’d be so ridiculous as to even go near that kind of stuff just because Anderson and Donovan are giving me a bit of a hard time? I’m wounded by your lack of faith in me John.” He let a smile play around the edges of his lips, and saw John relax slightly as he spotted the subtle expression of amusement on Sherlock’s face. But then worry clouded his face again as he recalled his conversation with Mycroft.
As the cold, frigid air hit Sherlock's face, and the wind blew his coat around in a swirling motion, a familiar song played out over the rooftop. Sherlock was familiar with the phenomenon of déjà vu, but had never experienced it with such an intensity. We're it not for the presence of John beside him, Sherlock would have assumed that - impossible though it may be - he had returned to nearly four years previous.
He knew he’d have to talk to John about the finer details of Moriarty’s involvement in his life, and ‘The Fall’. But it seemed unlikely that John would want to talk to him right now, not after the way Sherlock had treated them back in Baker Street only hours before.
Sherlock sighed and squeezed his eyes shut. His eyes stayed shut as he spoke. "Get Mycroft. This is important, and it's very probable that we'll need his help. Tell him that The East Wind is coming."
His eyes felt glued together, and he felt too tired to put the effort into opening them. Screw it, John thought. After what he’d been through he deserved to rest for an extraordinarily long time, he had earned it.
"Apologies are a waste time, John. The words of a dead man hold no meaning and you're simply the product of my imagination."
"Yes, thank you Sherlock," Mycroft snapped to stop him form picking yet more holes in his security system.
"Only this time what?" Sherlock remain perfectly calm on the exterior, however, alarm bells were ringing in his head.
"But you're not out there, John. The only place I can see you is here, in Baker Street. I don't want to be where you are not."
He'd missed this. He'd missed laughing and joking with Sherlock. He'd missed the easy banter that just seemed to flow easily through them.
Even between cases, when Sherlock was pacing around his flat or retreating into his mind palace, Sherlock found himself replaying these praises to himself in his mind, hearing John’s voice telling him he was amazing over and over again. The feeling he got from this was better than any high he’d ever experienced. Sherlock did not know why he was thinking about John so much. Was it normal for flatmates to think about each other often? What did Sherlock label John now?
Mary would have been so pleased to hear that Sherlock had regained his memory. She had wanted it so much when she was still with them. It was infinitely unfair that it had only happened after she died. Clearly the universe felt like John did not deserve both Sherlock and Mary. First, it had taken Sherlock's memory, making him unrecognisable as the man that was John's best friend. Then the universe had taken his wife, permanently. After taking Mary, it had returned Sherlock to him. It was a cruel game and john wanted to scream. There was no way of winning this twisted game that was his life.
“Why, John? What makes it different to before Sherlock left?” She didn’t take her eyes from him, but they weren’t harsh and intruding, as Sherlock’s could often be, they were soft, and full of concern, as if she genuinely cared for the man sat before her.
Sherlock pulled back, shaking his head. His hands rested on John's shoulders. John's clutched at Sherlock's wrists.
Christ he had missed his best friend. He felt hot tears come to his eyes, and from the sniffling sound coming from the face tucked into his neck, and the wetness that was quickly absorbing into his hospital gown, John deduced that Sherlock was in a similar state.
Lestrade sighed and then nodded. He released his grip and let John climb into the back of the ambulance. The paramedics tried to stop him, but after John spent a few moments just looking at them with a confused expression, Lestrade stepped in and explained the situation. Finally, John was allowed access into the vehicle. He sat down across from Sherlock, who was now being seen to by two different paramedics. The doors closed and they began to drive away, swaying with the movements of the ambulance as it made its way through the streets of London.
In the first photo Sherlock was dressed in a suit, not unlike the one he wore to John's wedding. His hair was the same as ever, thick, dark curls. He was with a man John didn't recognise, dressed in a matching suit, hair slicked back. They were stood outside of a church, with obvious expressions of excitement on their faces. John had only ever seen that expression of intense excitement when he was working on an especially interesting case. But the last picture was truly breathtaking.
John played over imaginary footage of himself shooting Moriarty in various different locations. Each time felt more satisfying than the last.
Because with Sherlock Holmes, there would always be John Watson – best friends, colleagues, the Detective and his Blogger, whatever you will. And that’s the way John intended it to stay.
“I didn’t want to go through it again. I didn’t want to ever be separated from you, because we’re a team, and there is no such thing as a one-man team. Life without you, is impossible.”
“I’m pretty sure I have a blanket somewhere that would do,” remarked John. Both men froze and there was a moments silence, before the erupted into hysterical laughter. People walking past shot them strange, wary looks, but the men were so overcome with laughter that neither of them noticed. In that simple statement, some of the tension between then disappeared, the string became slightly looser, and they felt the more comfortable with each other than they had done since Sherlock’s return
They made their way down the stairs and out of the building in silence, John following behind Sherlock. The younger man threw out his hand to hail a cab. The people on Baker Street gave him curious looks when the saw Sherlock. The consulting detective ignored then and stepped into the cab that had just pulled up to the pavement. The taxi driver did a double-take as Sherlock settled himself in one of the seats. John followed. Sherlcok took his phone out of his pocket and began to tap out a message quickly and quietly.
“John loved these little fruit tarts from a Bakery just up from the surgery where he worked, so I walked to it wanting to surprise him at work with them. I heard people whispering about an accident, an explosion somewhere nearby. I thought it was a hoax, but then I saw huge plume of smoke and the sirens were everywhere, they were surrounding me and I just had this feeling of dread in my stomach. I couldn’t bear to run towards it, so I ran away. I ran home."
Mrs Hudson had leaned over her kitchen table to rest a hand on John's arm. "It's best to let it be, John. If Sherlock isn't telling us, then it's probably with good reason."
As his eyes roamed over the many tubes and wires attached to his friend, John felt his heart clench. What had he been thinking, going back to Mary? John Watson was honestly the most idiotic person in the whole world. Because there was a person that he wanted to spend the rest of his life with, wanted to grow old with, and it wasn’t his wife.
He’d moved into this flat shortly after his visit to a rehab centre – Mycroft’s doing, of course. Everything in Sherlock’s life at that point had been Mycroft’s doing. She had seen Sherlock at his very worst, and was reminded of this now as she watched him. He was incredibly skinny, skinnier than he was now, if that was possible. He had a sunken look about him, bought on by the addiction. She had taken him straight to her heart, and treated him like the son she never had.
When he was in that room, he lost all sense of self control. He had shouted, thrown things (luckily the nurse had the good sense to not but him in a room with any heavy or expensive equipment) and finally, his had just cried. His knees gave way and John had found himself knelt down in the middle of the room as his sobs echoes around him.
They only walked a short distance down the corridor before Greg pulled open another door and ushered both he and Sherlock though it into another room.
John didn’t remember any of this. He had, of course, been dreaming of Sherlock, of the fall. But something had changed, just as Sherlock jumped, his dream shifted, so it ended with Sherlock alive, whole. He couldn’t explain why the change occurred anymore than he could explain why he had woken up on the sofa.
Before Sherlock could take a breath and continue, he was engulf in a strong pair of arms which wrapped themselves around his shoulders, although mindful of the IV line and the needles, and pulled him into a tight hug. Sherlock's arms moved around John's back and the two men just stopped. They shared this moment together.
Sherlock smiled at John’s choice of vocabulary. Sometimes he forgot just how intelligent the doctor was. “Honestly, John. When could you ever brand me as ‘stupid’?”
It was Sherlock, again, but he wasn't looking at the camera. He was looking down at the woman in his arms, the same woman from the first photo. His arms were wrapped around her waist, and her hands rested on top of his, showing the matching bands on their left hands. The woman's hair was up, a small flower nestled into her curls. Her dress was cut off at the knee, a classic fifties style, all lace and flared out skirt. The lace spread from the dress to her shoulders, running down her arms in full length sleeves. It suited her. It suited him. They looked like a beautiful couple.
"Don't be, John. I'm sure this has been extremely hard on you, not to mention everything else." Once again, Sherlock was the one to pull back. But this time, he couldn't meet John's eyes. "John, I'm so sorry about Mary. I truly am. She was a remarkable woman."
“Doctor Watson,” the consultant corrected himself, “we’ll need to keep Sherlock in for a few more days, possibly only the one. We need to run more tests and scans to make sure there is no permanent brain damage and give Sherlock a basic test of memory, just to see what exactly is happing. We are unsure of where his memory ends but-”
In the private confines of his own bedroom, John Watson was also reflecting on his relationship with the man downstairs. He’d always known that he was Sherlock’s only friend. It was understandable that he would protect him, as John had once offered to do, in a dark swimming pool, in the dead of night, a bomb set to explode attached to his chest. He hadn’t even had time to think when he ran to Moriarty and held him there, telling Sherlock, to run, to save himself. But then, the snipers had turned on Sherlock.
Sherlock physically pushed John out of the door and closed it in his face. Still feeling struck dumb, John descended the stairs and left for his honeymoon.
He nearly let himself be taken by the darkness engulfing him, but John would be in danger if he left, and nothing could be allowed to happen to John. It is with this thought, provide by his inner-Moriarty, that spurred him to get back to the surface of consciousness and live. He fought hard, and he fought for John, he needed to keep John safe.
Grief for his wife. His perfect, beautiful wife who’s time had come far too soon. Anger at Moriarty, for instigating Sherlock’s near downfall as he struggled against his own mind. And relief. Glorious, blessed relief that it was all over – that there was no more pain for Mary, that the world was rid of Moriarty, and that John still had Sherlock.
With John’s nod of acknowledgement, Sherlock opened his mouth as if to say more, but then closed it quickly again, biting his lip and swooped across the kitchen to the front door, gathered his coat and scarf and made a prompt exit.
“John?” He turned to see Mary looking patiently at him. “John, did you hear any of that, sweetie?” John shook his head, he did not have the energy or motivation to open his mouth and create words.
Sherlock tried not to picture himself and John waltzing around 221B as he watched the newlyweds dance as he played.
John laughed, and Sherlock felt a spark of pride for being the one responsible for that laugh. The stored the sound in his mind palace, knowing that he would replay t to himself over the course of the next few months, and if he had he way, it would be the last thing he remembered before he took his final breath.
Molly listened to John intently. She could understand John’s concerns. It must have been hell for him, to lose Sherlock like that so suddenly. It was now molly’s turn to feel the pang of guilt, as she had played an active part in Sherlock’s fake death. She was partially responsible for the rift in their relationship.
And with that, the plane turned in the air and began descending. Sherlock looked out of the window and saw the familiar redof Mary’s coat, and the figure beside her that must have been John.
He could feel his breathing becoming shallower, and the squeezing sensation that accompanied his panic attacks hit his chest like a brick wall. He began to feel dizzy. Once again, Sherlock had left him, though this time, he wasn’t anywhere close by to come and save John from his nightmare.
Soon, they were surrounded by trees, and Sherlock was once again exiting the car. This time, he held the door open for John, who cautiously followed him. In his pocket, John's phone began to ring. It was Mary. John pressed 'reject call'. Now was not the time. Sherlock wanted to show John something that obviously meant a lot to him, and John wanted it to be just them. He would probably argue with Mary about it later, especially given their discussion last night, but he didn't care at this precise moment. After John was out of the car, Sherlock closed the door and walked away, flowers still nestled in the crook of his arm. John followed without question.
“Oh, shut up!” They found themselves laughing again. Sherlock looked towards the window. It was completely dark outside now, and evening had fallen as the two men continued their easy conversation. If you asked them, neither of them could tell you what they talked about, only that they continued to talk into the early hours of the morning, pausing only to refill their cups with fresh tea.
Mrs Hudson took both of Sherlock’s hands between hers, Sherlock found the warmth of her hands comforting. She looked at the crying man full in the face. She had never seen him cry before, not even when he was begging for the drugs he relied on. It was clear to Mrs Hudson, that John’s wellbeing meant a great deal to Sherlock, even if it was painful for him. He had proved that the day he jumped from St Barts, and confirmed it again now, sat at the table clutching the hands of the only mother-figure he ever had in his life.
“Sorry, would you let me cook you dinner tomorrow evening whilst Sherlock stands to the side being completely useless?” The music began again, a sign that Sherlock now approved of his offer. Mrs Hudson finished putting away the bread, before turning to John.
“Yeah, what was all that about then? What could you possibly have done to make her hate you that much?”
He was soaked through, angry, tired and desperate to get home as soon as possible. He knew he was right about Sherlock, but at the same time there was a small voice in the back of his head, which sounded suspiciously like Mycroft, telling him that maybe he was wrong, and reminding him about Sherlock’s dark past.
“And what was that?” Sherlock’s voice was laced in genuine interest. Miss Hooper could have said a number of things to John that would have been of interest, but Sherlock needed to know this one thing. One statement that had changed John’s mind completely about their situation.
Sherlock decided almost immediately that he didn’t like her. She was clearly only using John to get back at her old boyfriend and make him jealous. Her dress was too tight fitting, short and low-cut for a first date, and the amount of flowery, sweet perfume she was wearing was powerful enough to knock out a small child. She was too desperate, obvious. She kept fiddling with the silver heart necklace around her neck, obviously from a previous lover, and it still held sentimental value, so he was obviously important to her. The fact she was playing with it conveyed nervousness and guilt – nervousness for the date ahead and hoping her plan would work, and guilt for using John so cruelly. Sherlock could feel his hands ball into fists at his side and he clenched his jaw tightly closed so he didn’t accidentally (or on purpose) blurt out her true intentions for the evening. John deserved so much better than that. So much better.
John was laughing now, and Sherlock found the need to join in with it. They laughed together, hands still clasped tightly together until John moved one to the nape of Sherlock’s neck, bringing them closer together until their foreheads were touching. After the laughter had subsided, Sherlock braved another look at John’s face. It was difficult, considering the proxemics of the situation, but Sherlock found the blue of John’s eyes and profoundly did not care about how silly or uncomfortable this may be, because it felt right. He closed his eyes and revelled in the moment, treasuring each second that went by, breathing each others air and just being together. Logic and rational thinking began to quietly return to Sherlock’s mind, and Sherlock once again tried to make sense of the situation
John returned to 221B after it was over. He couldn’t face going back to his own flat, where he and Mary shared so many memories. No.
“Mrs Hudson, you are the best landlady anyone could ask for.” John walked over to her and began to help put the shopping away.
Warm arms wrapped around him, the smell of freshly baked bread, and a warmth that Sherlock had always associated with home surrounded him. Above him, Mrs Hudson stoked his hair, gently shushing him, calming him down with her voice, talking about nothing and everything.
Sherlock was allowed into the woman’s flat (much to the reluctance of the forensics team, although they all seemed to be more wary of the consulting detective). The flat was small, cramped, barely enough room for two people. It reminded John vaguely of Baker Street. It looked lived in, comfortable, with an eclectic arrange of furniture and ornaments strewn haphazardly across the room. But it wasn’t untidy, far from it. The light shone in from the window opposite the wall, illuminating the room and allowing Sherlock to see everything he needed. They had been inside for all of two minutes before the deductions, observations and conclusions began to flow from Sherlock’s mouth.
"Actually," she smiled, a little more shyly this time, "it was my sister who suggested doing it when I told her I might end up on the same case as you two."
“Is this about Sherlock?” John cut off Nurse Lawson, desperate to hear news about his missing friend.
“Sherlock?” Molly’s voice was not so quiet now, a gentle force to bring him out of his own head. “Hey,” she whispered gently as she removed his hands from his hair before he could do any damage. Sherlock despeartely gasped in great lungfuls of air, filling his burning lungs.
He was thinking – or more specifically, thinking about John Watson. He was a walking enigma. Soldier and Doctor. Capable of inflicting a wound and then healing it. The man was a living contradiction and it infuriated Sherlock. It was so much that it was because John was a contradiction, it was the fact that Sherlock had once known all about John, about why he was like this. Knowing that he once possessed the answer to the impossible puzzle that John provided, and due to one tiny mistake, a misjudgment, an error, it was all lost.
"The East Wind is coming for you, Sherlock." Sherlock's eyes widened. The East Wind meant danger. His inner Mycroft regonised Sherlock's fear and nodded solemnly. "It's coming, and soon. The information you need to escape it lies beyond that door." He jabbed his umbrella in the direction of the door.
"I don't care whether it's valid or not. It's not healthy and therefore it's my concern." John tried to maintain the eye contact, but after what just happened, he found the top left-hand corner of the flat just above Sherlock's head a lot more interesting. The silence between them resumed, although John could feel Sherlock's eyes on him, not ever moving from him.
He didn't wait for any reply or acknowledgement, choosing only to remove his hand, lean back and once again fold his arms across his chest. Behind Sherlock, John could see Mycroft end his call and make his way back to the seat. John cleared his throat.
John regained his grasp on Sherlock’s hand and let out a breath he’d obviously been holding, but had no awareness of.
“One of our most high-ranking political positions has gone missing, we suspect abduction.” Mycroft let out a sigh, truly defeated. Sherlock almost felt a twinge of sympathy for the man in front of him.
If he had not been spending so much time trying to help Sherlock when he obviously did not want to be helped, he might have picked up on this sooner.
“The face Lestrade! Think! Once again you see but you do not observe! It couldn’t be more obvious. If you know the killer, they’re statistically more likely to stab you in the face than any other body part. So, we know he knew her. He knows her, and yet her stabbed her face after she died, which rules out any of her family. Family have a tendency to just let things lie, a friend perhaps? Maybe, but considering the state the murderer left her face in, it’s more likely to be a previous partner, bitterness is a strong motivator, but so is love. Both come into play here. So, a bitter, previous partner, a previous partner who just happened to be in her flat at the time of death. A previous partner who happens to work at the docks, considering the data we recovered from his footprint. The shoe’s well worn down, manual labour, obviously a man, the possibilities of a woman having size 12 feet is highly unlikely. He’s 5ft 11inches judging by the length of his stride and the angle at which he appears to have put his foot down. The traces of mud, small particles and clears signs that it was once mixed with water, clearly worked in a place with silt, so a river, the Thames being the most likely, considering that’s the river closest to where her body was found. So, we’re looking for a man who works at the river, most likely a dock because of the manual labour, who has previous connections with this girl who’s 5ft 11inches. Lestrade is that enough for your men to be going on or do I have to spell it out further to the morons?” He never seemed to stop for breath. Sherlock moved as he spoke, pointing out the details to Lestrade as he deduced with such ease.
clever tonight.” Sherlock’s expression turned stony. Even when he knew who John was, he did not like being mocked by him. “Tell me, Sherlock, how on
All it took was a look from his best friend, just a look to know that something was incredibly wrong. John had coaxed Sherlock awake, and instead of being greeted with murmurs of his name or a hand reaching out, Sherlock’s brow had furrowed, eyes narrowing and he brushed John away.
Love is giving them everything, despite having very little to offer. Love is willingness to sacrifice everything and expect nothing in return. Love is knowing that something that makes them happy is going to secretly kill you inside, and allowing them to do it anyway. Love is staying strong for them, even when you're falling apart.
“Did you see Donovan’s face? Absolutely priceless!” John managed to splutter the words out as he gulped down air. His laughter had taken all of the air from his lungs.
"He didn't know.” Lestrade shrugged. “He just told me that something was missing, completely unrelated to the investigation."
“Of course.” As she turned back to look at John, he felt himself mirroring that smile. Mary gestured towards the living room with a wave of her hand. Sherlock moved forwards, into the flat, and he followed Mary and John down the hallway. Mary turned her head to look at him.
Just as he turned to leave, John appeared in front of him, in the semi-translucent way that all hallucinations do. He walked up to Sherlock, bringing his hands up to cup his face, gently running his hands over his cheekbones. Sherlock could almost feel the warmth that he remembered from John’s hands. The tears began to flow again as his heart burst from a mixture of pain and love.
"I know, I just didn't know what else to do. I'm not the doctor around here-" Molly let out a horrified gasp at what shed just said, tears springing to her own eyes. "I'm sorry, Sherlock. I didn't mean to- I wasn't- I'm sorry."
John was speechless. Sherlock couldn't possibly have said that about him. But it was very much like Sherlock to sneak around trying to gather information about John if he wasn't sure, rather than confronting John himself.
"I don't know, John dear. I've never wanted to ask because... well... it's Sherlock. I'm sure that whatever it is, it's very important to him."
He set the mugs on the coffee table and straightened up. Sherlock and Mary both reached for theirs immediately.
“No,” Greg cried out and the nurse froze. “No, please, just let them be. They’ve been separated for far too long and he’s not slept since…” He broke off, voice cracking, thick with emotion at the thought of either of them being apart from each other again. The nurse looked conflicted, but upon hearing the pain in Greg’s voice, decided to leave Sherlock be, and quietly left the room.
"Easy," Mycroft whispered as he moved to support his brother as he fell. Sherlock's eyes never left John's face as he gave over to his emotions and began to weep. As Mycroft rubbed calming circles into Sherlock's back, kneeling with him on the floor by John's bedside, Sherlock began to consider just why his brother was here, and how Molly had known to bring him.
From the front, John could see that she had been drumming her fingers along her hip bones where her hands had been resting, which were now drawn up and folded across her chest and in amongst the folds of arms and fabric, John could make out the sparkle of a large engagement ring and matching wedding band.
Moriarty began to circle Sherlock - who continued to ignore him in favour of staring at John in shock and panic - as a shark would when it came into close contact with its prey.
to call themselves medical professionals to prod and poke at me and carry out all kinds of unnecessary and ridiculous tests."
“Nothing like a bit of Bee Gees. This one’s my favourite.” The cabbie’s voice drifted over the music, and he moved his left hand across to turn it up as a rather high pitched voice (man, obviously, falsetto) began to sing about staying alive.
It only took 4 of his long strides to cover the length of the room before he turned on his heels and began in the other direction. He needed to think, and as his favourite thinking spot on the sofa had been taken up, he settled on pacing the room instead. Everything Mrs Hudson had said to him replayed in his head, over and over again for what must have been hours. He still needed an answer to the problem of settling back into the routine, back to how it was before the fall.
"John-" He knew it was bad as soon as Mycroft used his first name rather than the more professional and preferred 'Doctor Watson'.
"A miracle," the first words that Sherlock had said in weeks. "Please, John. Just one more miracle."
John had no idea why he chose to do this. Sherlock couldn’t offer him any sort of comfort – in his mind he was still a high-functioning sociopath, although John knew this to be untrue.
“You were there,” John managed to choke out, the emotion he was feeling threatening to overwhelm him and close of his throat completely, “because you are my best friend and I asked you to be my best man.”
Mycroft's words returned to him as he sat there, watching Sherlock and Mrs Hudson as they continued their conversation.
"Hey, now that's not fair.” Lestrade was frowning at him, giving John a slightly accusing look. “It's hard for him as well,” he remarked, holding his drink up as he raised a finger to point at John, as is this made what he was saying any more important.
John sucked in a deep breath and tried again, determined to get through to the man who only a few minutes ago was opened up to him, like the man he was when he knew John. It was like John had been getting him back, and a tiny flame of hope had sparked itself in the pit of John’s stomach.
“John, I’m not going to pretend I understand what Sherlock is going through. But I do know that I have a better understanding of who Sherlock is than you do.”
“It doesn’t matter whether you believe it or not John. I am taking the case.” Each word punctuated the air with a sharpness that John couldn’t quite place. He looked at Sherlock. His eyes were set, determined. His jaw was clenched tightly together. Well, no reasoning with him then, John was just going to have to sit back and let Sherlock lead on – as always.
Sherlock had felt the pain as acutely as he had on that day. He stood frozen in the street, crying at the sight of the paper in the sky. He remembered John and their life together, and he felt overwhelmingly guilty that he had allowed Jason into his life, into his heart. He had held onto his wedding ring, which he wore on a chain around his neck, hidden, never letting Jason see.
“Sherlock.” Her smile was genuine, and in fact, John realized that it was the first real smile he’d seen in the past few weeks. She reached her arms towards Sherlock, who took the hint and leaned down to meet her. She wrapped her arms around his neck, and Sherlock tentatively moved his around her waist. As they pulled apart from each other, John noticed that Mary was still smiling.
"Yours, you bloody prat. You know that this is a stage of the mourning process. A bit extreme in your case but still."
them to discharge you." The way Mycroft said 'convinced', slipping it out of his mouth with particular emphasis, which didn't entirely convince John that there was much persuasion - or choice - in the matter.
As John made his way into the brisk London air, his legs defaulted to the familiar route which took him to his favourite pub.
John began to tell Mycroft exactly what happened, answering every question he was asked in extreme detail. After the interrogation, Mycroft instructed John to return to Baker Street and promised him that Sherlock would be found as soon as possible. John hung up the phone, and felt a great weight lift from his shoulders. He trusted Mycroft, more than he;d ever admit out loud, and despite all that Sherlock said about him, John knew that the two brothers loved each other really, deep down. Very deep down, far below the many, many layers of protective barriers that the Holmes’ had put around themselves, creating their cold, calculated exteriors that John was so used to seeing.
So, it was completely out of character when Sherlock turned up at John and Mary’s flat 3 weeks after John had left.
So Sherlock removed himself from their lives. He took time to nurture his shattered heart that he knew would never be whole again. He lost himself in Lady Smallwood’s case, merely the excuse he needed to convince himself to turn back to old habits. Even angels lost their halos sometimes. But how else was he supposed to let go?
"It was a minor tear. The laceration itself needed no surgery. However, he will be in quite a bit of pain, but he can breathe, he can talk, he can eat, he's alive. Pulmonary laceration is not associated with long term problems, however, we do recommend that he comes in for a check up a few weeks after he's been discharged, just as a precaution. We'll need to keep an eye on it and make sure it doesn't get infected."
John’s eyes fell upon the armchair opposite him. It was strange to think that the man who was just sat here could be the same man that he had shared so many good memories with in this room, like the stag night, the many clients they’d listened to, the countless takeaways. The list was endless.
A tall, well dressed man answered the door. He hurried John through the door, eyeing the water dripping from him wearily. He was directed into the hall, and was left to the side of the room, away from the carpet. John laughed to himself at the obvious discomfort on the face of the man stood in front of him. He was reminded of the way Mycroft had first surveyed him, with caution and subtle distain, as if John was some disgusting creature that a cat would drag in through the door.
“Oh.” Sherlock’s face must’ve been a picture, because eJohn started to laugh again. When Sherlock looked affronted and a little hurt, John sobered up. He shook his head, still smiling.
"Dammit, Sherlock," the greying detective swore under his breath. If there was one thing on this planet that Greg Lestrade was best at it was cursing under his breath, and he had one person to thank for it.
"I told him that it was never a choice, that you'd always help him. You have a pathological need to take care of those close to you, John. Sherlock agreed." John agreed. He smiled fondly at the very accurate analysis. Only Sherlock Holmes could lose all memory of John and still be able to read him as well as his wife.
Lestrade strolled into his office, Sherlock followed, politely holding the door for John as he entered behind them. Sherlock closed the door after John, leaving behind the still silent room, as everyone’s eyes had followed them into Lestrade’s office. There was 2, maybe three beats of silence, where John and Sherlock held each others gaze, before releasing the laughs they had both been restraining. John’s shoulders were shaking as he clapped a hand to Sherlock’s arms for support. Sherlock chuckled in the deep, cat-like purr John had grown accustomed to as he held on to John.
Greg stood to the side, unwilling to interrupt this precious reunion. He was trying to blink back tears of his own but it was a useless effort. It was clear to anyone with a pair of eyes how much the two men had missed each other, how broken each of them had become during their separation, and how dearly they needed each other. He returned to his seat, continuing to watch the two. Between the mumblings, Greg was able to make out the words from Sherlock.
.” His voice sounded disconnected, as if it didn’t belong to John at all. Sherlock had slowly returned to his full height, but the air of superiority had gone, which – if possible – made him look small, scared. John swallowed a few more times as he tried to gain control of his wavering voice before he continued. “Especially,” his voice was stronger now, and he was looking Sherlock straight in the eye as he addressed him, “an unfeeling, heartless machine. You’re not my best friend. You’re not even a shadow of him. My best friend was taken from me by a single blow to the back of the head.” John turned his head towards the floor so Sherlock wouldn’t see the gradual build up of tears in his eyes. Now was not the time for crying. He had done enough of that in the past few weeks to last him a lifetime. “And now, my wife is being taken away from me too. And taking care of her is a lot more important to me right now than you. You are a lost cause, Sherlock.”
John turned his head slightly, so he was able to see Sherlock out of the corner of his eye. Only John knew Sherlock well enough to recognise the subtle look of amusement on his face. It wasn’t obvious. There wasn’t a smile at his lips, or a huff of air meant to be a laugh. It was more like a shadow on his face, and only someone who’d spent much of his or her time with Sherlock could see it. John resisted the urge to burst into laughter as he suddenly realised that he must be the only person in the world to see it. Clearly Lestrade had not, or he would have probably granted them a few more moment of amusement before speaking.
Sherlock looked quizzically at his, now rather pale, flatmate. "Do what? I'm only investigating the effects of-"
He’d gone back to work, solving cases for Lestrade with apparent ease, just like they used to. Except, Sherlock never had. In his mind, he’d always worked alone. He did not know what it was like to work with John on a crime scene.
“No,” she began to take a step towards Sherlock, a dangerous look in her eye that caused Greg to quickly grab hold of her upper arm, gently enough not to leave a mark or be considered aggressive, but hard enough that the warning in the action was conveyed with utter clarity. “I have a case to solve.” She shrugged her arm from Greg’s grasp and turned to glare at him. “Greg, I refuse to work with him. I absolutely refuse.”
What Sherlock had failed to observe, was Molly Hooper stood in the doorway. She often walked in on Sherlock talking to what she assumed was his imaginary John. Although she only heard half of the conversation, as the other half was being played out in Sherlock's mind, but what she heard broke her heart. Guilt tugged at her heart, like a rope wrapped around it and squeezing it as tightly as possible. She was partially responsible for Sherlock's anguish. She dug out her phone and quickly typed out a text to the least used number in her contact list.
Sherlock had always hated repetition, and was in no mood to be indulging in other people’s requirements that he state his point more than once.
Sherlock closed his eyes as a stabbing sensation went through his chest. He didn’t hate jumpers, just the opposite, but Jason didn’t know that.
John muttered under his breath. “I don’t believe this.” The doctor ran his hands through his greying hair, like he was trying to grab onto to something and keep a tight hold – his sanity most likely, if anything was going to go missing when the Holmes brothers were together, it was John’s sanity.
He threw his arms down on the bed beside him in added dramatic flair. John was now certain that he was in the presence of the biggest Drama Queen in the world. But this Drama Queen also happened to be his best friend. His best friend who recently recovered from a traumatic head injury and subsequent memory loss. John felt like Sherlock had earned the right to be a little (or a lot) dramatic.
Sherlock did not very often change his mind, but after seeing John like this, he simply couldn't leave him. Not again. So Sherlock hanged his mind. If they were going to face Moriarty, they were going to face him together, as a team. That's what they were. It's what they always had been, and would always remain, not matter who they came up against.
“The most illogical thing happened. I heard him, John. I could hear him as clear as day, as if he were stood right next to me. And he said ‘
The man's eyes were staring at nothing, and John could have sworn he saw the beginnings of tears in the blue-grey eyes of his best friend. When Sherlock didn't respond, John moved swiftly, yet gracelessly, around the table until he reached Sherlock's side. He place a cautious hand on Sherlock's upper arm, where John could feel the faint trembling that's indistinguishable to the eye, but impossible to miss by touch.
Sherlock felt a surge of possessiveness at these new thoughts. No, she could not be allowed to hurt John. No one should ever hurt his blogger. Sherlock would not let them. It was Sherlock’s job to…
There was shuffling upstairs, and Sherlock heard the familiar footsteps again, although this time, they were not pacing around in the middle of the room. They were descending the stairs to the living room.
As if summoned by the very thought, John appeared behind him - Sherlock could see him reflected in the window - and peered over Sherlock's shoulder to read the messages.
“He should have been preparing.” The man’s voice was lower now, quieter, his accent making it sound infinitely more dangerous, and Sherlock leaner closer to be able to hear what he was now saying. “Just because he’d lost all memory of the gathering storm, didn’t mean it had disappeared. No. It’d grown stronger. And the debt collector decided it was finally time for Sir Boast-A-Lot to pay back what was owed. It was time for him to burn.”
John looked up at Sherlock's face, the hesitance and... Whirlwind of emotions that seemed to sweep across his face, John was beginning to pick up on little markers of what Sherlock was feeling, but only when he felt them strongly. The small crease above his eyebrow from worry, the crinkle under his eye from fear. Both were currently in use. He realised with a pang of guilt that he hadn't really taken in the words Sherlock had used to express his feelings. The one time Sherlock opened up, and he glazed over it to talk about bloody Moriarty and himself. It seemed that his narcissism was so large he was now subconsciously focusing on the subject of himself.
John heard Harry yelling explicits and threats, and closed his eyes tiresomely. What had Sherlock done now? He dreaded to think. Some part of him told him that Sherlock was unsuccessful in the endeavour to find which room they were to stay in, though he didn't know why(!). He heard footsteps come up the stairs, nimble, light steps. Sherlock quickly became visible as he hopped up energetically. "What the hell did you do?" He groaned, as the yells dissolved into frantic grumbling.
“I'm... I'm here John. Outside the factory. And I... I...”, he still didn't know how to say it. John meant the world to him, but still. He had never experienced anything quite like this. Never had anybody even shown interest in him. Everybody had always hated him.
I was really frightened now. That. Was. Moriarty. No doubt about that. I had seen him often enough. It was him. He called Sherlock via videochat and was watching us now.
John's question had pulled Sherlock deep down into a box of memories that he had buried under numberless other boxes, he had hidden them away and this question had pushed all of them away, until he could freely fall into old videos and photographs. Mycroft, Redbeard and him playing pirate, and a silhoutte in the background, a voice "An east wind is coming, Sherlock!" and a hit that let him wince. He shook his head really fast to the side before he looked at John again. John was all that mattered. Not the past. Never the past. The present. John. John. John.
"And that's a typical Sherlock answer right there." John said, pointing at Sherlock, "It never occurred to you, even once in this brief time, that it maybe didn't have something to do with being a smart arse?"
Now Sherlock definitely couldn't keep his tears back. Those words that John uttered, wanting for him to come home, knowing him so well. All he wanted was to lean against his chest, be held, and be able to cry. He sobbed and tried that John wouldn't hear it. But he couldn't lie anymore.
Harry was still reeling from Sherlock's kick to the stomach, and her comeback came out as a breathless wheeze. Sherlock exited without looking back.
“Good morning, Mary”, I sighed still a bit sleepy and turned to lay my arm around her. But the place next to me was empty. I slowly opened my eyes. I... I wasn't even at home. This was... Sherlock's bed! I had to think hard to remember what happened yesterday and ran my hand over my face as I sat up. Sherlock's bed! When I had started to let these thoughts get to me I had always imagined it differently. I thought that when it would happen, well, something actually would have happened. But surely I must have fallen asleep at some time when I had sat next to him taking care. Taking... he was not feeling well so why on earth did he get up?
John let out a careful breath, cheeks reddening when he thought about what Sherlock had said, a warmth washing through his heart as he kept thinking about it. The male sighed, slowly opening his mouth to speak to the detective with bright eyes, however the detective was already rushing out of the taxi towards the crime scene. The male let out a groan, resting back into the chair briefly before slipping out of the taxi. He passed the money to the driver, nodded his thanks before following Sherlock towards the scene "Hey Sherlock! Please wait for me" he panted slightly, his limp giving him some problems due to how serious his nightmares had been the night before. John soon caught up to him and he reached out, grabbing Sherlocks arm to support himself after rushing towards him. John panted slightly and glanced up at Sherlock, the doctor still holding onto his arm tightly before he realised what he was doing "Ah sorry... best not to do that.... people will talk" he smiled sheepishly at him, meeting eyes with Sherlocks before moving away from him, walking besides him slowly as he followed him to the building.
John was sat at home, fully aware that it was getting dark and there was no sign of Sherlock. The male let out a small sigh of disappointment, he had been looking forward to their evening together in the hotel, but now, John was sat at home contemplating trying to find his boyfriend. John reached across to his phone and quickly typed in Sherlock's name to find his contact. The male hesitated as he stared at Sherlock's number... What if Sherlock didn't want him? What if he is just being a burden to Sherlock? What if... Sherlock didn't really want him... John shook his head and frowned at his inner voice, trying to ignore these doubts as he pressed the dial button and held it to his ear. John breathed in slowly through his nose, waiting and waiting for Sherlock to pick up the phone, Just wanting to tell his lover to come home... To him.
“If you'd like me to I can do that”, Sherlock suggested as it surely was a more difficult task for John as it was for him. None of her words could really get to him and he he knew how having a feud with your sibling felt like.
“Harriet?”, he asked into the room when he arrived downstairs, “Harriet, you forgot to tell us which room we can use.”
“This is blocking my access... let's get rid of it, shall we?”, he moaned in between a few kisses and opened the buttons while he continued his kissing. When finished he went down deeper and started to kiss his soldier's upper body.
Johns face was grave. He knew that, he knew how much Sherlock cared for him, how he was something for Moriarty to use against Sherlock. What Sherlock maybe didn't know, was that John felt the exact same way, and it hurt him to see Sherlock close off his feelings in fear of appearing weak or afraid of the uncertain future. A future, that could very well be without John, or Sherlock for that matter. But if he was honest, he wouldn't change it for the world, not if that world was one without Sherlock in his life.
John chuckled happily before pausing as he listened to the male say they should go to the bathroom. John felt his mouth go dry before he glanced away from him "Erm... Are you... Are you Serious?" He asked, cheeks turning a deep shade of red as he thought of the things they could do, able to feel arousal run through him and into his crotch. John growled and took a hold of his hand, a smirk on his lips "Follow me" he smirked at him before tugging him towards the bathroom, eyes hardening as he pulled him along and inside. Once inside, he pushed Sherlock into one of the stalls and instantly locked lips with a hum
Sherlock couldn't just say it. He couldn't. Or could he? He wanted this so bad right now, had been dragged to this point where he'd give anything for it. "I want you, John...", he replied and was happy that John couldn't see his face at the moment.
“John, you have no idea how boring it is here. Harry keeps me cooped up in the house like some sort of rare specimen whilst she goes out every night to some bar to keep herself hydrated with beer and wine. I know she's waiting for me to die, so she can take the house as soon as I stop breathing." She grumbled, glaring away at the sides of her bed. "Too bad, I'm giving the house to my only child who isn't a walking beer bottle." That would be John, and this would be his first time hearing of this news. He blinked in surprise.
Sherlock wanted to do something with his hands and not feel so useless, so he put his hands into John's hair and ran threw it while he answered the kiss.
He thought he had control of it, that he had his head above the water, but it seemed that Sherlock's attempt to soothe John had finally pushed it under, but in a good way. The detective was his lighthouse, warding away any rocks lurking in the deep sea, threatening to sink him.
Sherlock had wondered what they were doing in the kitchen so long, probably they were talking about the situation, about their past or anything in that direction, things that people were doing. But he couldn't hear any voices. It must have been quite some time that had passed until they had gone there, so he now followed them. What he witnessed then was something that woman would have to be punished for, no matter if she was the one giving them quarter or not. She was humiliating John, there was no doubt to that, and these were the two things that Sherlock hated in most of the world. Humiliation and John being hurt. It made him truly angry and as he sat down opposite of Harriet he finished reading her. Whatever she would say to him, he would have a reply to it.
Sherlock couldn't help it but moaned out as John was placing kisses on his neck. He could feel how his body got excited, all of his body. He wanted more.
Then the caller hung up and Mycroft wished he would have never answered the call. He knew what this message meant. He just had no idea how it was even possible.
John awoke sharply, and suddenly to Sherlock shouting his name. The adrenaline from his jump ebbed away quickly, and left him with the question as to why he was awoken. He frowned and groaned as he shuffled in disturbance at the slightly painful noise.
“I hear that more often than I should, M'am”, he replied and slightly laughed. He didn't want to mention John being short in this case. Who knew if she was sensitive about that?
John felt somewhat helpless in Sherlock's arms, something he didn't like too well, but if he were perfectly honest with himself, he wouldn't have made it to the door without falling on the floor again, and it was a relief to feel weightless. This time was an exception. The rocking of Sherlock's pace was relaxing, and John nuzzled the side of his face into Sherlock's shirt. He looked at the kitchen, all around it, and tried to memorise everything. Where the cups where, the bin, the tea.... Next time he came here it would probably be all switched around. He probably wouldn't be allowed to come back, if it were up to Harry, who had decided not to say goodbye to her older brother for obvious reasons.
The car's lights flashed as a signal that mint was unlocked, and Sherlock moved back with John holding the handle. The door opened and swung out. Teamwork. John didn't really want to leave the warmth of Sherlock's arms, now that he had gotten over the slight embarrassment, it really was quite nice to be nestled in. The press would faint if they say this, they had been their number one "couple" a while back, way before they had actually started dating. It had caused some unwanted tension in the apartment, for both of them.
Sherlock still took cases, still ran into the line of danger every now and again, but now he seemed more reserved, and he never did anything overly dangerous unless John was in close proximity. They were a team after all, and apparently the recent events had had at least some affect on the Consulting Detective.
“Why was I there? Your wedding? I don’t ever go to anything like that, so why was I there? Was I tricked, drugged, or just there to solve a murder?” In that moment, Sherlock had never looked so vulnerable.
“As soon as he heard what I had done and what had happened to me, he booked me on the first flight back to London, had a doctor examine me and then locked me up in one of his country home for the past two weeks. I would have come back sooner, but Mycroft is hard to escape from with all those bloody cameras everywhere! As soon as I was ‘discharged’,” Sherlock rolled his eyes, “ I jumped on a train and headed straight for London, got in a cab and headed here. Mrs Hudson had quite the fright when she saw me, as I’m sure you heard.” John recalled the sound of smashing China from the night before.
“Sherlock, this is Doctor Watson.” Mycroft gestured to John. There was no need. Sherlock’s gaze had rested on John as soon as he’d settled himself into his chair. His eyes of an indescribable colour had locked on John and had not moved throughout the period of silence. John had seen this look before, the one that made you feel like Sherlock was cutting you open, dissecting and examining you right to your very core. John did not feel uncomfortable under Sherlock’s intense stare, with his elbows on his knees and his fingers steepled under his chin, just like he used to. At least that hadn’t changed. There was still something left of the world’s only consulting detective. This thought alone bought the ghost of a smile to John’s face. It was a pleasant change from the solemn, mournful expression that John had wearing over the past few days.
That was until John Watson moved into his life. Sherlock wasn’t sure what he felt when he looked at his flatmate. It had all been so simple and easy, up until the moment John had shot the homicidal cabbie to save Sherlock’s own life - such a selfless, brave and reckless act that sent a shiver down Sherlock’s spine every time he thought about it.
As they walked, John took time to take in the scenery around him. He’d never appreciated just how beautiful this small oasis of green was in a jungle full of grey building complexes and concrete monuments. He breathed in the air. It smelled of freshly cut grass, rain and something that could only be described as London. It was refreshing. With every breath John took, he felt like he was cleansing his lungs from whatever poison was infecting 221B Baker Street. They continued walking in silence, until they came across a vacated park bench. The settled themselves on it, letting go of each other’s hands as they did. Mary waited for a few moments before turning to her husband.
There was a new tension between the two men, uncomfortable, unwanted. It felt like there was a string between them, attaching them to one-another, not pulled tight enough to snap, but tight enough to be digging in on either side. An invisible cloud hung over the two inhabitants of 221B, a constant reminder of the past two months. Whatever this new feeling was, neither liked it. What used to be a comfortable routine now seemed forced and bland. Simple things like making a cup of tea seemed like a chore.
“Thank you Mrs Hudson.” He whispered in her ear. She waved him away with her hand before exiting the flat. After the listened to her descend the stairs, the three men stood in a stony silence. Mycroft and Sherlock were both watching John, who was clearly weighing up his options.
They sat in silence together as the car pulled away and began their journey to wherever it was that Sherlock disappeared to on these Sundays. Considering what happened the previous evening, John had an uneasy feeling that it had something to do with his deceased wife.
Sherlock would have surely developed some trust issues regarding not just his brother, but also Molly and even John. They would have to work through that, and Greg would fully support Sherlock through that. After seeing him suffer so much, Greg wanted what was best for him, no matter what that was. Greg himself knew that he would need time to bring himself around to the situation and accept the fact that he’d been deceived by one of his best friend’s in one of the worst ways possible. Of course, he could get over it, and begin rebuilding the bridges with John and Molly, maybe even Mycroft.
“You two, asides form Mrs Hudson and maybe Mycroft, are the only two people to have shown me any kindness or willingness to help me, despite the fact that I still have no recollection of who you are to me. Forgive the very overused and slightly clichéd saying, but you were there for me in a time of need,” Sherlock cringed at his own use of words, it truly sounded like something out of that dreadful film he’d just been watching, “it seemed only fair I return the favour.”
They'd begun the game at John's suggestion. He still needed reassurance that Sherlock's brain was fully functioning. It was a basic deduction game - John would point at a pedestrian as they passed them in the cab on their way back to Baker Street, and Sherlock would relay every deduction he could to John in the time he had. On and on it went. So far it had been full of insults from Sherlock, and much eye rolling on John's behalf.
The more time he seemed to spend around John, the harder he fell. Things about John that used to annoy him, still annoyed him, but he never lashed out because it was John. He still continued to show off with his deductions during cases, and John continued to use every synonym of ‘amazing’ that existed. He smiled more at Sherlock, which encouraged Sherlock to smile back, which made John smile more which made Sherlock’s smile brighter and on and on in a vicious circle.
John Watson stood in a position he had hoped he would never have to be in again. He couldn’t decide which was worse, Sherlock being hospitalised after his lying, scheming wife had shot him in the chest, or Sherlock being hospitalised after a suicide attempt by overdose. As the thoughts chased each other around his head, John looked to Sherlock, still unconscious on the standard issue hospital bed.
Sherlock had been unaware that the emotions he’d kept locked away for so long were leaking out onto the surface. He twisted his face into his usual scowl and thrown a cutting remark at John about something – Sherlock did not care to remember – before throwing himself dramatically onto the sofa to continue to sulk. He heard John chuckle and return to his newspaper, saying something about ‘back to normal then.’ But it was good-natured.
He’d told them exactly what happened, explaining that Moriarty was the liar, not Sherlock, and how he knew that Moriarty had planned for Sherlock to die. They all listened in awe as Sherlock told the same story as he had told John back in Baker Street – word for word, if John was listening properly.
“Well then Doctor Watson, you’ll need to watch over him at all times. Once we determine what exactly is wrong with Mr Holmes, we’ll fill you in and provide you with everything necessary to ensure his recovery.” He got up from behind his desk, a signal for John and Mary to leave, he had other patients to attend to. Before they left, Mary extended her hand and thanked the consultant for his time. John too extended his hand. As the consultant shook it, he looked at John, keeping eye contact before saying, “I’m sorry, truly I am. It’s always awful when this happens, and you both obviously care about this man a great deal.”
Lestrade was already moving around the flat, tidying the papers that littered the floor. And the desk. And the kitchen table. Pretty much every available surface. Lestrade moved into the kitchen, and out of Sherlock's vision.
"Wow... That's actually... Sweet." His tone made it sound like a question, as if Sherlock had defied the laws of nature by showing just the smallest bit of sentiment.
Sherlock didn't like the idea of eating out without John. But he knew he'd have to get over all of his aversions and anxieties sooner or later, and now seemed like a good time to start. Besides, maybe if Mycroft and Lestrade saw him outside and eating, they might leave him alone. Yes, dinner with Molly seemed like a very good plan.
“I’m so sorry Sherlock,” John murmured as he passed the water and painkillers over to him. “I didn’t- Shit. I’m sorry, I should have at least asked. I didn’t realize it was this bad.” Sherlock swallowed the pills and drained the entire glass, which John refilled, and then he drained that too.
The lights were slightly dimmed, as was the custom after 1am in Baker Street – a habit established by Sherlock before John had even moved into the flat. Sherlock was stood with his back to the room by the fireplace, so John was unaware if he knew that John was there. He finished the piece on a long, haunting note, which left a hollow feeling in John’s chest. John tried to clear his throat, which had become tight as he wiped away the tears that had now spilled over his cheeks.
John wanted to keep talking, but he found that he could not. His voice was trapped in his throat. Sherlock's eyes were closed again. John knew this was so he could think better. So he could absorb all of the new information into his brain and let it filter. He would then file it away wherever he saw fit in his mind palace. Once again, his fingers were steepled under his chin, in the position John had named: Sherlock's Default. Happy, sad, confused, angry, whatever emotion, Sherlock's fingers would always steeple themselves as they tucked under his chin.
When he took the tea into the living room, Sherlock had migrate from the chair to the sofa, sitting with his legs crossed, facing Mary, who also had her legs crossed. They looked like young teenage girls on a sleepover, and John had to laugh. They both looked up at him, and smiled. John was more surprised to see Sherlock smiling at him. It was if all had been forgiven between them, which was ridiculous because John hadn’t even apologised yet.
After about thirty minutes of silence, each man wrapped up in their own thoughts, the car pulled up again. Only Sherlock got out of the car. John was waiting to be summoned, but Sherlock returned five minutes later. He carried with him a beautiful bouquet of flowers. It looked very similar to a wedding arrangement. It was made up of rustic pink roses, with sprigs of gypsophila and ivy leaves.
As he made his way out onto Baker Street, he saw Sherlock jump in and drive away. A beeping sound came from the direction of John’s coat pocket. He reached in and pulled the device out. A message flashed across the scene.
John watched her as Liz's eyes took in the scene around them. Before he could continue their conversation, Sherlock's voice could be heard making deductions and observations.
“It’s best to leave Sherlock alone, Miss Hooper. Sherlock is recovering from a large shock. It has caused him to become quite violent.” Mycroft motioned towards his injuries.
"He was my best friend. My only friend. And he died thinking his life was worthless. He died thinking it couldn't get better."
“Sherlock?” John kneeled next to him, panic rising in his chest. It was not uncommon for one or both of them to be injured in a chase, but this was different. “Sherlock!” The panic seeped into John’s voice. He examined Sherlock, checking for a pulse – a wave of relief crashed over him as he felt the faint flutter of a heartbeat - and then searched for the cause of the damage. Impact to the back of the head, forming a large and ugly looking lump with purple bruising beginning to blemish the pale skin, knocked him out like a light. There was a heavy looking pipe just next to Sherlock’s lifeless form, so that’s what he had heard. The murderer must have hit Sherlock with it as he turned the corner. John looked up, but the murderer was long gone.
Mrs Hudson never missed as trick, especially when it came to Sherlock Holmes. She thought something seemed off when she heard him rushing out of the flat earlier in the afternoon. She moved around the kitchen, going through the motions of making tea. She collected two mugs from the cupboard above the sink – which was full of petri dishes. She’d usually tell Sherlock off, playfully, for making such a mess. But given the way Sherlock was now looking at his sleeping flatmate, she thought it best not to mention it. She had always been fond of the youngest Holmes boy, ever since she first met him.
“No. Listen to me.” His eyes flew open and he stared at the consultant, leaning towards him slightly. “Sherlock Holmes is the most brilliant and clever man I have ever met. His brain does not work like yours or mine. He has ways of storing things, filing them away and he never forgets them unless he deletes them. And his brain will never accidently delete anything unless Sherlock tells it to. All his memories are in there, trapped. We just need to help them get out and I will do that if it kills me because Sherlock Holmes is my best friend and he is the least average person to have ever existed.”
“Molly Hooper you are the best person in the world!” John said to her through her hair as he placed her back on the ground. “I will never let Sherlock insult you ever again.” Their arms were still wrapped tightly around each other.
The result of all of this was the loss of deductive reasoning and just general ability to be his usual self.
Sherlock registered Mrs Hudson walk away, but did not turn, he did not even move. He just continued to stare at the grave - John's grave.
Sherlock's voice was so quiet that John had to turn to him to hear him properly. He wished he hadn't. He had never seen Sherlock in so much pain. He looked completely heartbroken.
John stood there, trying desperately to compute the information. Sherlock had never before mentioned a sister, neither had Mycroft. And suddenly, here was this figure that had come into their lives, literally out of nowhere, and Sherlock was claiming that she was his unknown sibling?
Got your number from Lestrade. Hope you don't mind. I'll pass it on to my sister at the earliest opportunity. She'd love to meet you. Her name's Mary. – Liz x
Sherlock froze, fingers ceasing to tap immediately. Sherlock turned to John, who was sat in his chair reading a book Sherlock did not care to remember the title of. One hand was holding the book; the other was resting against his cheek.
Sherlock's voice was choked with emotion, panic, worry, unspoken words, regret, a promise to keep him safe. So much was said in that one word. John kept his gaze locked win Sherlock's to reassure him, to encourage him to continue with the plan and not to be sidetracked by this. The plan would only work if Sherlock gave his full concentration to the plan. They could not afford distractions now.
"You're still his friend, even now." John frowned. Mary wasn't making sense. Sherlock was his friend, but that was before his accident. Mary could obviously sense John's confusion, or read it on his face. "He was confused about what your relationship was, but even now, he told me that you are the closest friend he's ever had, and probably ever will have, despite what happened. You're the only one who outside of his family who has shown him any kindness or willingness to help. You care for him, therefore he cares for you. But he wasn't sure if you would still consider him a friend after what happened, because so much has obviously changed. So he spoke to me. I told him that of course you do, he'll always be your friend no matter what happened. You could have tried to tell him that, but he needed to hear it from me, because he knew I wouldn't try to lie to him."
“Mr Holmes will be with you shortly.” John nodded in acknowledgement. “He’s currently writing a rather important letter to the Prime Minister.” The man’s face contorted into an expression of utter smugness, as if such important matters were above John. Once again, John nodded his head. He tried to keep a straight face, but as the man walked away, John couldn’t help but let out a short laugh. If the man heard it, he didn’t react.
He had arrived at school with a far wider knowledge of the world than the rest of his class. Young Sherlock found, that his abilities to deduce things by simply observing were a great entertainment to the other children, however, having never made any contact with children his own age and the fact that he found each and everyone of his fellow school-mates so stupid that they really weren’t worth his time, he found it incredibly difficult to make friends. And soon, the novelty of Sherlock’s incredible abilities wore off, and Sherlock’s life was filled with insults, cruel jokes at his expense and snide comments. He learnt to bear it, never showing just how much it had truly hurt. Eventually, he stopped displaying most emotions, becoming a shell of the boy that he had once been. That was when he was introduced to the doctors.
Gradually, it seemed like the foundations of their friendship were beginning to lay themselves back down. Sherlock still wasn't fully trusting of John, nor did he remember any of their shared memories, despite the fact that he had read each and every entry on John's blog, twice. Every now and then, he'd say or do something that reminded John of a time before, but as soon as anyone pointed it out Sherlock would close up again and leave.
John had only just stepped out of the supermarket door, his arms laden with shopping bags, the flimsy, cheap plastic ones that often broke before you’d made it all the way home, before the sleek, black car pulled up in front of him in the cold, drizzly morning, typical of the temperamental British weather. The door closest to him opened and John stooped lower to see who occupied it, already knowing the answer. Anthea sat on the opposite side, tapping away on her blackberry, not even sparing a glance in his direction.
“John, breathe! Deep breaths! In and out! In – 1, 2, 3, 4 – out – 1, 2, 3, 4. Look at me John,” the doctors eyelids had begun to droop, “John, keep your eyes on me! Breathe!” They continued the exercise for at least 10 minutes. When John had regained his breath, Sherlock sat down next to him and leaned his head back. This was going to be harder than he thought.
“Because,” Mary paused, and John held his breath, still not facing the tow of them, waiting to hear her reply. “You’re John’s best friend Sherlock. John wants to see you get better, and he wants to be the one to do it, the only one, because that’s what best friends do – they take care of each other.” John turned around to look at the both of them. Mary caught his eye briefly, before turning back to Sherlock. There was a long pause, and silence dominated the room as Sherlock turned theses answer over in his mind.
And now, he’d possibly thrown it all away because he’d opened up and allowed himself to become vulnerable. Vulnerability was not something Sherlock was used to, and had been surprised at he own weakness. But more than that, it scared him just how easily he’d opened up to the army doctor. It had been a glimpse of what life had been like before Sherlock’s injury and consequent amnesia. He wanted that. He wanted to be able to be able to have John as a friend and keep him, bundled up in many layers made of all of his ridiculous jumpers to make sure he’d never get hurt, and never have to leave Sherlock.
A slim, suited figure blocked his way to room 207. A figure who had told him John was dead, had let him believe he was dead.
But he didn't. Instead, John froze. He turned his head until he was eye to eye with Sherlock. They held each other's gaze. They needed no words, only the silent communication. John gave Sherlock a minute nod, which Sherlock returned. Together, they turned to the black, wooden door. And together, they ran towards it, pushing all their combined strength against it.
I hope you liked the first chapter! I was only planning to do 2 when I first started writing, but I'm already on 5 with more to come and the chapters seem to be getting longer!
