John had given up dating after The Woman, and The Hound. They had been torn apart and then forced back together during those long days, and the fear Sherlock had felt when he realised sickness was setting in had emboldened him to show a bit of his intense love for the man. It was easier when John wasn't dating, made Sherlock the focus of John's attention.
Sherlock was easily pulled to his feet and they walked for another ten minutes until they made it to the tree John thought of as theirs. Sherlock was already slipping off his shoes and trousers and moving into the water on autopilot by the time they were at the edge and John paused, watching Merrick join him with a splash.
"So you're a detective of some sort?" John said after a long bit of silence.
"Do you mind if I come in?" he asked, looking worried.
John sighed shortly and surged forward, hand slipping underneath the front of Sherlock's coat and over his heart. Sherlock couldn't breathe. Breathing wasn't an option. His mouth hung open and he forgot where he was and if he'd been able to breathe, which he couldn't, couldn't, he would have said something embarrassing.
Exactly what Sherlock suspected. There was definitely something there. It would only take time, time and a bit of digging.
"Yeah, well, that had nothing to do with the fact that they're women," John said, nostrils flaring. "It had to do with the fact that I hate people in general. And might I add that you're no exception."
“Nightmares again,” Mrs H sighed, settling on the edge of the bed. “Third time this week, love.”
John grunted at that, sliding out of bed and smoothing down the back of his hair as he followed her out to the landing and down the stairs. The phone was off the hook, receiver resting on the ledge, and John cleared his throat once more before taking it.
Sherlock trailed off as he opened his eyes to see the doctor. The man was compact and slightly tanned. His hair was golden and his eyes a dark blue that could have been mistaken for brown from across the room. There was nothing particularly exciting about him but Sherlock was enraptured nonetheless.
"We aren't dating," Greg shot back.
Sherlock nodded and winced and John leaned down to kiss him.
Their food was brought out and John eyed Sherlock silently for a while as he ate.
With a quiet snick, the door opened and William gripped his sleeve. He was surprised when he didn't pull away on instinct. Instead, he just turned and followed the man in. They quietly made their way to the back room, a large kitchen with massive stoves and peeling paint that showed at least ten different colours, giving away the age of the place.
"I've seen you use less," she said pointedly, patting him on the arm, "to gain more."
"Mmm. Wouldn't dream of it," John soothed. "Breakfast now."
"So why did you need my help?" John asked.
"Sorry, are you my aunt's solicitor?" Jane asked, eyebrows pulled tight and eyes flitting between Sherlock and the man.
Jane felt a blush move up her neck and prayed to god she wasn't so bloody obvious. When she joined Sherlock in the queue the woman bent to speak into her ear, humid breath prickling her skin.
John chuckled and pulled his fingers out slowly, rolling on a condom and slicking himself up. Sherlock opened his eyes and propped himself up on his elbows, mouth red and wet and open as he waited.
"Oh, for Christ's sake!"
Sherlock leaned in and let his chin rest on John's shoulder as they fell into grunts and sighs and rutted like animals, Sherlock's cock rubbing slickly between their bodies with every thrust. He was the first to go, twitching and releasing and clamping down on John's prick until he'd wrung the man dry; a slobbering dripping mess and so very bloody thankful for it.
Sherlock nodded and walked past him, eyes on the floor. They hadn't talked since earlier that week and he was feeling a bit out of sorts. So many things can change in only a few days, especially things as fickle as the workings of the heart. When he was in front of the pantry he paused and looked over his shoulder. "Did you mean it? About tonight ?"
"Yes," Sherlock said.
"You still have the plastic badge, though, don't you?" she asked Sherlock.
"Let me," John said, pausing and clearing his throat, "let me take you out. You can explain it over late night Chinese."
"Always," Sherlock replied easily, already tapping away at the small screen.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry," John said, hating himself all the more for his outburst. "Maybe...maybe tea would be good."
John looked down at his side, somehow just then noticing that Merrick had stayed behind with Sherlock. "Yes, well, when there's a choice between me and the madman, he doesn't pick me."
Mycroft put his hand gently on Greg's and looked him in the eyes. "May I kiss you?"
John told himself that when Sherlock brought up the concept of dating he would talk to him about it, but Sherlock never brought it up. They simply went on touching and holding each other and, due to he start of school, studying next to each other. Soft kissed were passed back and forth, but nothing more.
_____
"I'll probably be punished hard for living." -Tupac Shakur
There was a knock at the door and Mrs Hudson came in, fluttering about and opening the curtains to let an abusive amount of light in. Sherlock growled and rolled onto his belly.
"W-what do you mean?" Sherlock asked, spinning through their recent arguments for anything that John would find this upsetting.
"He's picky," Sally said, crossing her arms. "Take his order and I'll make it. If he complains again we'll know he's full of shit."
"Sherlock," he said, licking his lips and shifting in his seat.
Sherlock snorted and lay back on his bed. "Really, though. I'm in terrible need. Feel like I'm going insane."
That afternoon they sat closer than they should have allowed themselves and went over the cold case for several hours. Mrs Hudson made them tea and finger sandwiches and they conversed with mouths half full and hearts beating quickly.
Sherlock huffed, but followed the order, and John grabbed some things from the kitchen. He would be hungry soon, even if Sherlock wasn't.
“Oh, for the love of…” Sherlock exclaimed, rubbing at his head where she had smacked him, and spinning to effortlessly drop into her work chair.
Mycroft sighed and sat back. He didn't really like Sally. Greg did, however, so it was shaky ground.
But that couldn't have been right. Just knowing the small amount he did about the man, Sherlock was sure of that. A man like this, an army surgeon this young, wouldn't have just COME BACK from war. He was a thrill seeker, the way he contacted Sherlock was enough to go on, and much too young to have fulfilled his duty to Queen and country.
Sherlock lay in the hospital bed with his eyes closed, heart monitor beeping out a healthy rhythm as the oxygen was pumped into his lungs.
The next was a coffee shop that was shuttered and closed for renovations, the renovators giving her strange looks as she scowled her way along.
Were there any scientists John knew in the army?
"Self inoculation," Sherlock said with a wink.
It was just as electric as the time before, but this time John knew Sherlock could see his hand. He frowned in concentration and sighed when Sherlock's fingers tangled with his own, so soft, so warm. Sherlock's eyes darted up to John's face and John wondered is he was still a blur. This kind of...activity felt like it was changing him.
There was a long time where my chest felt it would burst every time I saw him, when I felt that I couldn't push down a stupid smile. I think that was lust. Obsession. That's usually how things start out. When you like someone your body fills you with all these chemicals that make you want to be around that person even more. When those die down, you usually have a pretty good bond, so you stick around.
"So you're my boyfriend, then. That's..." Sherlock trailed off.
"John Watson," Sherlock murmured, mouth quirking on one side and hand tightening. He turned the dentist's hand and looked at his wrist carefully. "Afghanistan or Iraq?"
"Good," Sherlock replied, confused by how much it mattered to him.
"Good lad," John said, stepping into the lift, "I think we'll get on just fine."
John frowned and his whole body stiffened before he swallowed and walked away. Sherlock watched him carefully, not sure exactly what he'd said wrong.
"Bloody, buggering, hell," John said, burying himself as deep as he could manage, Sherlock's legs both over his shoulders and gone slack.
When John looked up his eyes were glassy and he was clearly on his way to seeing that pint and a half again. He shook his head once and swallowed deeply. "I-"
"In fact, I do mind," Sherlock said, voice icy.
"Because I don't befriend bigots," Sherlock said.
And, Christ, if that wasn't flirting, then Jane had no idea what was bloody going on.
Lestrade sighed as Sherlock stomped out of the room, and pulled his mobile from his pocket.
"I don't know why I'm crying," Sherlock said, sitting back and looking at his own hands with clear confusion. "I just...there's been something choking me since you said...the thing. It's just choking me. It's so ridiculous, it's like I loved you before I even met you, and that doesn't make any sense, and this doesn't make any sense, and my arm is broken and I'm crying and I feel so many things at once that I can't, I can't, I don't understand what's happening. I think you broke me."
It wasn't a screen name he recognised, which meant it wasn't a regular. He was always hesitant to open comments from people he didn't know, worrying they'd be the random Christian reminding him of his fast track to hell, or the bored middle aged loner with nothing better to do than tell him they didn't like the story.
Sherlock turned, clearly giving up on his hair, and stared daggers. "Yes, and while you were busy clearing a measly eighty percent of missing puppies and stolen candy bars, I solved three cold case murders. I hardly see the comparison."
"Unless you're afraid," Sherlock pressed.
"John," Mike said, "John Watson."
"For what it's worth...I think you're a great teacher. The kids, the kids love you," John murmured through the line.
John returned to his side and slid into bed next to him. Sherlock turned to face John and giggled at a thought.
"We'll need new plates, and cutlery," Sherlock added, lips twitching.
Sherlock took three in with a deep sigh and John felt his cock respond.
The first reminded him that Sarah had a boyfriend, the bland but dependable, Todd.
"Oh, here it is," she said with a sniffle, holding up a stapler. "I'd better-"
Jane snorted, not sure what to do with that information.
Sherlock slumped and let his head fall back. "My mind is melting."
"Hello?"
Sherlock turned so that the full effect of his rolled eyes could be felt and John just laughed harder. He continued his pout as John sat across from him and carefully cut a piece of the omelette with the edge of his fork.
"She's fine, sir," the first (...Samuel?) said.
He pulled Sherlock to his chest and ran his hands into his hair. That always seemed to soothe him. Sherlock wrapped his arm around John's waist and breathed in against his neck, close as he was. He let out a low moan and John drew back.
"This week has been difficult for you," Sherlock said, very much not a question.
Sherlock's eyes fluttered closed as the waiter came to take their order. John ordered tandoori chicken and naan and nudged him with the toe of his shoe until he mumbled something that sounded enough like chicken tikka masala for the waiter to nod and leave.
"No one of importance," Sherlock replied brusquely. "Now, where were we?"
"Bad, was it?" John asked.
Before lunch the group met around a large campfire, sitting on segments of logs that had them sidling up to their spouse to keep from falling off. Forced proximity.
Jane swallowed roughly and nodded. She was overwhelmed, yes, but her instinct was to push back instead of crumble. It raised a sort of heat in Sherlock's veins to see the struggle between instinct and societal norms.
Sherlock was having a normal day. It had been months since he left the counseling camp, and he'd got on with his life. After all, he had no place in John's. John didn't even know his real name.
John snorted and took a deep breath. "Maybe this will be a
All that went right to hell when their eyes locked. There was such fear in Sherlock's, such discomfort, that John fell right into doctor mode and tried to soothe his patient.
Looking from the outside, it was apparent that John's father, Jack, was simply dealing with a mix of envy and rage. Truthfully, that was always the case with old Jack Watson. He'd broken enough bones to prove that a hundred times over. This particular bout of envy and rage was worse, though. It was wrapped tightly around one thought.
John curled around him and kissed his neck and shoulders and Sherlock threaded their fingers together, not caring about the drying lube. They lay like that for ten or so minutes until Sherlock's stomach growled and he grumbled.
"Maybe you're having too much of it," John teased.
Sherlock snorted and relaxed in the seat. That type of back and forth, he could handle.
"What?" Sherlock asked.
"Oh, of course," John said, eyebrows furrowed as he tried to understand what was going on.
“Quiet now, Mr H falls asleep in his favourite chair about now, and I’d rather not deal with him tutting over you all night,” Sherlock whispered, her gloved hand still wrapped tightly around Jane’s as they climbed the stairs in the dark to the second storey.
_____
"I did say early," John replied, pressing closer. "I'm quite hungry now, you see."
I hope you realise that I don't say this lightly. You have come into a place where there was no feeling, no version of human interaction at all that wasn't painfully scientific, and have turned that all on its head. I crave it now, as I never did. I can't help but hope to one day be lucky enough to be held tightly in someone's arms.
"Of course," Mycroft replied, brushing tears from his eyes.
"Needy, just like last night," John reiterated.
'My influence goes far, my dear, but I can assure you I have no pull over the weather,' he'd said with a sneer.
"Yeah, well, not to take a bite of," John teased.
Yes, that must have been the last straw. John, high powered executive, couldn't be with someone so unprofessional. Perhaps the business trip wasn't even real, perhaps he was-
They couldn't seem to stop themselves from spending the rest of the day grinning at each other. It sabotaged their plan to put the readers off the scent but they didn't seem to mind.
“Give me the week to think?” Jane asked, giddiness nearly boiling over.
Jane looked at her watch and cursed under her breath, grabbing her things and drinking down the end of her coffee before jogging to the door. She paused with her hand on the knob and turned her head. "How did you know when my class starts?"
SHERLOCK IS PATHETIC
"I'm sorry, but we have plans we must get to," John said, nodding to Sherlock, who had only just seemed delivered back from the mental space he sometimes wandered off to.
"I don't hate people, necessarily. It's more of a constant disappointment. People as a whole are unremarkable, so they bore me. It doesn't mean I don't enjoy making bad people look like fools. I just can't stand to see someone being taken advantage of," Sherlock admitted.
"Are you going to let me set you up with one of the birds at work?" Greg asked.
She flipped through the pages until she found it. The sketch was a mirror image of her hand, the words below it making her sway on her feet.
Sherlock tucked his chin, multiplying it comically, and looked around. "Past one?"
"Yes, yes, please," Sherlock babbled.
"John," Sherlock pleaded, batting his eyelashes in a way he knew John couldn't resist.
Aroused panic. It was very, very close to aroused panic. Maybe, more surprise than panic. It didn't feel as if it would end badly. He was just, sort of, frightened to start it up again.
Lestrade sighed and set down the last bit of his donut. He cleaned his fingers and mouth and crossed his arms, readying himself for what was next.
John paused, drink halfway to his lips, and looked Sherlock over. There was a great deal of tension in his shoulders. "Yeah," John said, nodding and standing up, "I guess we're doing this now."
"So, I should just," John asked motioning with his finger upstairs.
John's shoulders drew back and his gaze sharpened. "Unfortunately for you, I was in the army, not the private sector. I never did learn to be frightened of the posh men with three piece suits and receding hairlines."
Here's our last chapter, folks. Loved having you along for the ride and hope to see you at the next one!
John pulled the napkin from his collar and wiped his hands thoroughly before slipping his jacket back on. Sherlock reclined and watched him move to stand and drop a few bills on the table.
"Why does it matter what I believe?" John asked.
"Tassels?" he asked playfully, wriggling the thing so the fringed edge swayed. "You don't think it's a bit much?"
"Well, yes," Sherlock said. "But then I found out you're a vicar. Vicar's aren't interesting."
"They're just sketches," John sighed, chest tightening a bit as he felt the warmth of Sherlock's arm next to his.
Jane chuckled softly and started to remove her shoes. "Generous."
Well, hello. Back from hiatus. Might take me a while to get back into the swing of things.
"What?" she demanded.
_____
John's jaw clenched.
"Turn," Sherlock whispered, and John did, resting his hands on the cool tile and letting his head fall.
John sighed in his sleep and Sherlock rolled onto his back to watch the ceiling, content to do so until the sun rose.
'Dear S,'
John was angry. It was bad enough having to do the stupid convention without being sat next to an arsehole like Sherlock Bloody Holmes. Strangely enough that anger turned into something else. It turned into the urge to write.
God. That was honest.
"You and I," John said, pointing between them, "that we're both-"
Sherlock frowned and wriggled said hips. "Just do it already."
Sherlock felt the cold breeze the move caused, and frowned. "Well, that's just rude."
Sherlock finally emerged from the shower, face grimaced in pain, wearing nothing but a low-slung towel around his waist. John's fingers twitched even as he took in the bruising.
He hobbled up the stairs behind Sherlock and watched as the man simply sat and held his hands out. He looked like a greedy child asking for another biscuit. John rolled his eyes and handed the laptop over.
"Oh," John said, wry smiling pulling at his thin lips, "I've always listened. I just find I'd rather not take her advice."
"Really," John added, "all that from a few minutes. Brilliant."
Jane bristled at that and looked around, feeling as if perhaps she was on a hidden camera show. "Afghanistan," she replied, "but how did you-"
Sherlock chuckled and let his body go completely lax, enjoying the small kisses planted in his hair.
"Not for lack of trying," John replied, standing and pushing Sherlock's hand out of the way so he could examine his throat.
"Tell me what you see," Sherlock said, fingers hesitating as they pulled down one eyelid. John moved forward and looked where he was staring.
"Where do you keep the tea?" he asked filling the electric kettle and setting it to boil.
"With what?" John asked.
When John did, he read on. The doctor brushed the fringe from the scientist's brow and both men shuddered. 'You're mad,' the doctor said, smiling gently, even after the fright just minutes prior.
Almost.
"You weren't even being seductive," Jane added. "It was such a put-on. I can't believe he fell for it."
"Holmes," Greg said, drawing back and grinning. "I guess I'll have to practice writing it."
Sherlock smiled and leaned in, speaking just loudly enough to be heard over the pounding rain. “I have what you need. I enjoy your presence. What more is there to know?”
_____
"Under the red jumper," Sherlock said, sucking on the small wound.
Mike smiled at him and went about getting his things from the boot. "You know, you said that out loud," he chided gently, but Sherlock wasn't listening.
Sherlock scrunched up her nose and pursed her lips, hair bouncing slightly as she tilted her head. It was if she had never been told not to make faces when she was young; everything about her was so exaggerated.
"Oh," John said, sighing and deflating a bit. "I'd forgot. Greg is going to skin us."
YOU DO REALISE YOU CAN'T TALK TO ME AT YOUR PARENT'S HOUSE, John signed.
John snatched the pencil from the floor and tapped it to try to communicate his need. When Sherlock didn't understand, he mimed writing. That did it, and Sherlock smiled in understanding. A pad of paper was placed on the floor, under the pencil. John wrote quickly, even as the telly played on behind them.
"Oh," Sherlock whispered, really just a rush of air.
Sherlock walked to the box and lifted the lid. Inside were a brand new pair of Heyford gloves and a dark grey scarf. He grinned and removed his old gloves and scarf, thinking of who in his homeless network would like them. He slipped the gloves on, enjoying the tightness that comes with a new pair, and held up the scarf.
Sherlock walked right out the front door without even noticing the constable that held it open for him, eyes scanning the crime scene photos carefully. He let his feet take him where they would and focused on sussing out the information he knew was hidden from other's eyes.
"That one," John said, tipping his chin towards Sherlock. "The one that smells like vanilla."
TALL, DARK, AND HANDSOME. I LIKE BESPOKE SUITS, POWERFUL MEN, AND CHOKING ON COCK. IF YOU'RE INTERESTED IN SHOWERING ME WITH GIFTS, AND ARE LARGE IN ALL THE RIGHT PLACES, SEND ME A TEXT.
"So I'll sleep on the bloody sofa!" John shouted. "I'm tired and I really need a piss, so if you can give me the key we'll be on our way."
"Well, I wasn't," Sherlock said, defensively.
John snorted humorlessly. "Yeah, I suppose I meant that little to you."
"Dinner, beautiful?"
"Where the hell have you been?" John shouted, inadvertently burning out the lights in the room.
Sherlock looked at him. He was a puzzling man. Anyone else would have given up at that point.
It was all happening so fast. They hadn't known each other yesterday and now they were laying here as if they had been together for months. He was an insta-boyfriend, and it felt wrong somehow. He wanted it to be real, the affection to be won, fought hard for. He wanted to start again and convince John to like him without the money in the way. He was afraid that John was simply living out the fantasy without actually paying attention, that none of the softness was due to him.
"Come along, then," William shot over his shoulder, "we haven't long before they all wake up."
"Don't mind him," Sherlock said, picking the menu back up. "The eggs are good."
"I asked if he broke into your laptop. He does that with everyone if that helps. It's nothing personal. He's gone through my whole work computer, read every email I ever sent, and that's password protected," Greg added.
"You must be some kind of genius," John replied. "That's how you knew I wasn't sleeping at your last visit."
Sherlock hummed and realised he was starting to drool, the friction reducing as saliva pooled in his mouth and covered his chin.
Sherlock frowned. It hadn't been a way out at all. He'd just been so...enamored. He had a shock, a roil in his stomach, remembering their first Christmas together. Victor, handsome, brilliant Victor. The love of his life, and he'd almost forgot the man.
"Oh," Sherlock murmured, hands drifting up to his mouth.
"Breathtaking," John said, leaning in and pressing his lips to Sherlock's.
"Waiting for me to beg to be rescued?" Greg teased.
He picked up one of the pages and held it close, eyes focusing on the crosshatch as his brain mulled over his next move.
"William Gurnall and Thomas Fuller. You're quite well read on the topic," Sherlock said.
"Jane," Sherlock said, already out of the cab and getting her luggage from the boot. "You coming?"
Mrs H seemed to blush and left the room quickly, a bounce in her step.
Sherlock felt John pulse and thrust two more times, tensing and coming on John's stomach before collapsing.
"Your prick," Sherlock huffed, stuffed full and aching for more.
They found the room easily enough and were soon standing in it, uncomfortably close to one another. John was sure it was only uncomfortable for the fact that they should have been touching, but he didn't say so.
Sherlock managed to holler for Lestrade, who had come to make sure the genius actually sought medical attention, and the DI was at John's side immediately and cuffing the suspect with actual metal cuffs, though he suspected the bandages might have held.
"Are you," Jane replied, voice rough as she thought of her own fight with suicidal tendencies.
He stood at the edge of the building and surveyed the area. No one was up and about, and luckily, Doc lived offsite. If they were caught, he figured, it would only be one of the clients. They would be more likely to keep the secret and join the two for tea than give them away.
John turned and looked back at him, his face in shadow and impossible to read. "Yeah?"
The woman's eyes grew wide and she turned to glare at the maid in the doorway. "You!"
The man looked around himself and sat up. "So I am."
“You’re as pretty as my mum,” she said, giggling and leaning forward, “and my father has good taste.”
He hit send and only had to wait a few moments before he got his reply. He made a mental note to ask Anonymous if he would mind downloading some sort of messaging app.
"It would be a bad habit to make, letting my brother take up your time," Mycroft said.
_____
He figured, and rightly so it seemed, as this was the first time he'd broken in since Sarah had moved in (although how much of his ability to abstain was to do with the distraction caused by a handsome army doctor was up for debate), that if the drugs were  two storeys away and under semi-frequent surveillance he would be less likely to use. He hadn't counted on Todd, or his own ability to flummox his whole life up all over again.
He sat at the kitchen table with a sigh and stared at the thing. His wrist wasn't happy. He wasn't happy. Overall, everything was horrible.
"Yeah, but...I know that sometimes things can get out of hand," John said, frowning and gripping his thigh.
John shook himself from the thought, feeling a bit disappointed in himself that his brain had gone in that direction whilst in the company of a murder victim, and joined Sherlock. He stood awkwardly next to the man, hands clasped behind his back and ramrod straight. He felt out of place, redundant. He was about to actually ask if he should leave when Sherlock started speaking to him.
_____
"Well," Sherlock admitted, still laughing, "if you put it that way."
It was the first time John had referred to Sherlock as Sarah since the first letter. Sherlock set the letter down and stood, pulling on his shoes and heading out into the nearly oppressive rain.
_____
It took quite a while for him to understand it was all over. When he'd been shot he'd had the same situation happen, the out of body experience, so he figured he would just get back into his body at some point.
John sighed and shifted his feet. "I must have been quite the impressive fool."
Sherlock glanced up. "You're impressed enough," he said with a grin. "Now, sit."
'Now for the boring part.
"Jane?" Sherlock asked, her voice small, almost scared.
"I think our man has got himself a girl," Murray returned, smiling softly and crossing his arms.
"You're acceptable," Sherlock returned seriously. "Could do with a lot more education on magic and the like, but that is a rather big blind spot with most of the population. Tea?"
Jane cocked her head to the side, but said nothing. (What was there to say?)
He was looking out at the long fields to his left and letting Merrick go ahead when it happened. Merrick raised an alarm and he barely had the time, let alone wherewithal, to stop his bike before hitting the peculiar fellow.
Sherlock nodded and continued to fuss until Jane had left. Christ, she was being so obvious, so needy. She had to slow things down a bit before she just went in for a bloody kiss...unless...unless she’d read it all wrong and Jane had simply meant to become her friend. Unless the mark on her hand was healing fine under the bandage, and wasn’t going to scar after all. Unless she’d made a fool of herself.
"What am I supposed to do?" John asked in a stage whisper.
Sherlock looked up at him, smiling suddenly. "Although, now that it's been closed the murderer will drop their guard. That would make it a bit easier for me to catch him."
"Yes," Sherlock agreed.
John nodded solemnly and walked to sit next to his wife.
"Sidekick my arse!" John teased. "If it weren't for me you'd be in a box right now."
Jane glanced back and forth between the two of them with what looked like trepidation.
John stood taller and pushed his shoulders back. "Get them to a doctor."
'Very little of it was,' Sherlock typed back.
"I beg your pardon?" the woman said sharply.
The car went right through John, but Sherlock had broken his arm in the fall. John, being a newly minted ghost-of-the-world, insisted on dragging him to A and E. They caught a cab, John sure that he was only holding on due to determination, and made their way to the hospital.
John turned around slowly and looked Sherlock up and down. He honestly looked like a man about to throw a punch. "What did you say?"
John had downed his third mini bottle of cheap whiskey and was sitting in the uncomfortably cramped hotel bathtub when he finally decided he wanted to read Sherlock's book. It was probably shite, just like the arsehole who wrote it, but he had nothing better to do anyhow. He reached over the edge of the tub with one sudsy hand to where he had dropped the book a while back and brought it up close to his face.
"Look, I don't know where you got the idea that I don't like women-" John tried.
"There, happily married, and well looked after."
In all honesty, she was completely content being an old maid at such a young age. She had an incredible amount of baggage, what with her alcoholic father and time in war, and she was really too exhausted to explain herself to someone new.
"Course you are," John said.
(Nervous about the new doctor? Nervous for Molly? Nervous Sherlock already knew too much?)
John laughed and Sherlock promised himself that it wouldn't be the last laugh he caused. He ducked his head and, perfectly synchronized, they walked out together.
"I was busy today," John said, still kneeling perfectly, "and I didn't give you as much attention as you needed."
John's eyebrows pulled together and he nodded slowly. "The human aspect."
Sherlock was different. He surprised me by suggesting we run away for the day. Hopefully Greg will forgive me eventually. So we ended up sitting on the roof and talking. He's such an interesting man. I had no idea the stories he wrote about were actually true. He told me such amazing things.
sat next to him holding the hand of his uninsured arm.
"Your aunt," Sherlock clarified, walking Jane into a large sitting room and pulling away quickly to observe her.
He should have sent the letter earlier, should have confessed before John had been sent to Kandahar. He lasted a week before sneaking down the stairs and breaking into Sarah's flat.
If you asked Sherlock what John said after 'breathtaking' he wouldn't be able to answer. John had uttered that last sentence and Sherlock's mind had gone fuzzy around the edges. He felt adrift.
"Alright, then. Let it go, come on. Go ahead, lovely."
"Come back to bed," John murmured, rubbing Sherlock's thigh through the duvet with his toes. "I haven't had a lie-in that wasn't medically necessary in a while."
Before John could ask exactly what he meant he continued on.
Sherlock smiled at him and he let out a sharp breath. How on earth was he to stay mad at this man?
And surely, this was where it was to all fall apart. Two years, they'd been together, and now it was over. Sherlock drank from his champagne flute and went over how it had all happened. Things were fine that evening, John just back from a business trip, but something was stirring. They'd barely had any time to themselves, and John had only kissed him eight times. Eight times in two hours, which obviously signaled that John had found someone else.
John took a deep breath and licked his lips, electricity crackling through him at the thought. "Well, come on. Come taste me."
When he got back to his bunk after supper, he opened it right away, the sounds of the men and women around him dulling as he began to read.
Sherlock finally built up enough courage, now that he had John on uneasy footing, to look the man in the eyes and take on his usual confident persona. "I believe we both want that. Besides, you proved to be quite useful tonight."
"It's just for sleep," Dr Willar said, cutting through his thoughts. "Sometimes doctors need to take something for sleep. I've prescribed four pills. Four nights of sleep, and I think you'll be fine."
"He wore those horrible jackets with patches on the elbows," Sherlock gushed, "and he looked at me like I was special."
"Nothing will help this bloody thing," Jane growled, swallowing and starting over. "It's alright. I have some Salonpas for the shoulder."
"Hi, I'm John," John said sarcastically, leaning in towards the camera and pressing the button he was sure would start the filming over. "Brilliant. Really smooth. She knows your bloody name. Christ, how does this thing work. Oh, ah, there it goes."
John nodded and walked with him out the back door to where a few of the other writers were sitting and smoking. It was still cold outside no matter the afternoon sun and John pulled his coat tight around himself and raised his shoulders.
"Is that a good sound?" John asked with a small huff.
Mike lit up with barely contained excitement, nearly bouncing on the balls of his feet as he continued towards the hospital, cheeks red and smile honest. John sighed internally and followed along, hating the sound his cane made as he walked.
John went about doing the filling, making sure his patient was comfortable and not asking for many verbal replies, and was soon sitting back as he flushed Sherlock's mouth.
"Are you, that is, do you miss your significant other?" Sherlock asked, not understanding the sinking feeling in his stomach.
The tie pin and matching cuff links were understated, but clearly antique. His shoes were not only handsome, but shined. His hair, the mingling of silver and blond, looked newly trimmed, and the pomade he used to create what Sherlock supposed could be called a swoop, smelled of cedar and was nearly weightless.
"Yeah, well, wasn't exactly fun getting yelled at," Jane said, putting words to her thoughts.
"Did I never tell you?" she chirped. "Their mother was a good friend of mine, rest her soul. I've known Sherlock since he was in nappies."
Sherlock looked to be thinking on that for a moment before he spoke. "It's just, well I had thought you were asking someone else. Liquid courage and all."
It was odd getting a letter back from you and having it be so different from the first. I didn't know who you were, had no idea how you might respond. And then, then you gave me exactly what I wanted. What I wanted and more. The sketches are framed above the mantel in my sitting room and I often look at them late into the night.
There was a line outside and a crowd surrounding the line, people chattering and inspecting newspapers and giggling amongst themselves. Greg took out some change and got himself the Valentine's Day issue of the local paper from the kiosk inside the convention door. He made it all of five steps before he burst out laughing.
John didn't believe it for a minute.
"I'm supposed to be at a conference on soil decomposition in Brisbane," Sherlock offered.
John swallowed hard and nodded back.
Jesus, that was the closest he'd come to honesty in years. The words echoed in his ears and he could finally see how hopeless it all was. He couldn't.
"Romance?" John asked taking the bags from Sherlock's hands and setting them on the table. "I can, um, get rid of it all if-"
“Verdict?” Sherlock asked, sounding the smallest bit concerned.
"You mean...he's solved it?" John asked, small smile pushing its way onto his lips.
"That's rich," Sally snorted. "And typical. Men, always wanting to have the last word."
"A-Afghanistan," John sputtered, pulling his hand away.
"Oh, we're taking the scientific approach, are we?" John asked.
When his mind cleared, Sherlock realised that he'd been caught staring, with John smiling softly as he finished up his conversation.
"It's a charming quality," Sherlock admitted.
"Well, between Mike and you I was in the army," John said, hoping that would satisfy the man.
"How did you sleep?" William murmured next, taking a step and nearly touching John when he put away his notepad.
"I don't," Sherlock said flatly.
John saw Greg approach out of the corner of his eye and turned to ask him to have the posh bastard removed from the center.
"You should stop writing," he said as they were laying in a post coital haze, in the bed they now shared at 221b Baker Street.
John huffed out a humorless sort of laugh and shook his head. "So we wake up a possibly grieving widow at seven in the morning on a hunch?"
John thanked her and received his own kiss on the cheek, and they went out to get a cab.
The first time they met was a day John felt he shouldn't be taking off. The man could sense that.
John passed her a tight wad of cash and she nodded to him as Sherlock climbed out. He was almost to the front of the met when Sherlock pulled him into an alleyway and pressed him against the wall, fingers going up to ghost over his lips.
"We're going to the seventh," he growled. "You don't get to press the sixth, or the fifth. And if you were thinking about going to the fifth, then shame on you for not taking the stairs like a decent human being."
There had been one man that had been different, but he'd found his soulmate just as soon as she realised what they could have together.
"Hungry?" John asked, cutting a piece of cheese from the block with his pocket knife.
John started to reply and then stopped, opening an email instead and sending it out that way. A question. A simple, 'Was that you?'. The response came immediately.
So, when he was hit by a bus and plucked quickly and efficiently from his mortal form, he wasn't in the best of moods.
"Sherlock says you're to bring your medical kit when you come to London tonight," she explained, one eyebrow raised.
"You've read my stories?" John asked, feeling wrung dry and itchy. "Multiple stories. You're one of my readers?"
He would just have to push it away. If the army had taught him anything, it was how to compartmentalize. He would tuck away his fondness for Sherlock and continue his path towards being his friend. That, and he would act as if the whole touching business hadn't happened.
Sherlock received the letter and steamed it open, unwilling to damage it even with a letter opener.
"Im not writing anyone," Sherlock went on, trying to convince himself just as much as his only companion. "It was a mistake. He wasn't trying to write to me anyhow."
"We haven't discussed how this should-" John stuttered, once again cut off by the gorgeous man.
_____
Sherlock made a show of swallowing and used the paper bib-thing to wipe the edges of his mouth, locking eyes with John. "I prefer to swallow."
John breathed out forcefully through his nose and smacked Sherlock's knuckles with the metal stirrer. Sherlock winced and turned around, eyes darting this way and that. John didn't know it, but his nervous laughter was what set Sherlock's off. It rolled over Sherlock in a warm, tickling wave and they were suddenly laughing together in the attic like old friends.
"How does this blasted thing even work?" John grumbled, fiddling with his mobile as they sat in bed.
William sighed and straightened his cuffs, looking to the ground. "No, what I mean is, we were never married. She's a detective, you see, and I'm a bit of one myself," there was a pause, "Sherlock Holmes. At your service."
_____
Sherlock glanced over at him, imagining John younger, carefree. John took it the wrong way and cleared his throat nervously.
Something was wrong when John got home. He walked through the door a bit slowly and his smile didn't reach his eyes. Sherlock, refusing to admit he cared that John was no longer going to flirt with Anonymous, rifled through the newspaper a bit and stayed sat on the sofa.
“Dr!” Molly chirped, pushing by Sherlock to greet the intruder. “So wonderful to finally meet you!”
"You don't get to decide that. This is an easily survivable wound," and of that Sherlock was not entirely sure, "but it won't be if you take out the knife."
John's hands slid up to Sherlock's waist, and then his rib cage. He thumbed over peaked nipples under Sherlock's shirt and the man bucked, leaning back and gripping the chair just next to John's head.
"Perfect," Sherlock said, snatching it from the desk and rising quickly.
John spun to find William sucking on the tip of his finger, obviously surprised at the force of the burner. The fire was licking up the sides of the kettle, nearly engulfing it, and John turned the burner down while William seemed to pout.
Sherlock had slithered down his body as John panicked and was now rubbing his face along John's crotch and inhaling deeply. John didn't have to wait much longer for the answer to the previous worry, as Sherlock was yanking his denims down and rubbing his nose into the coarse hair covering John's bollocks. John was panting and trying valiantly not to thrust his hips, but the battle was lost when Sherlock took his cock between his lips and hummed.
"Uh, right cabinet over the sink," John said, scratching a hand across the back of his neck and peering, confused, at the man.
_____
Mycroft was still asleep, hair sticking up and mouth slightly agape. It was a scene Greg knew well but one he had no idea he would experience again. Mycroft just looked so...soft. All the hard angles caused by anger and disappointment and his overactive suspicion were smoothed away in sleep and Greg couldn't stop himself from reaching out and running fingers through the soft red hairs on his chest.
A month of planning, two nights in a horribly cheap hotel room with no mini fridge, and a train ride back with a crying baby, and there he was; getting the call that said everything had fallen apart.
"Without backup?" John asked, taking yet another step forward and crowding into Sherlock's personal space.
"I'm hungry," he grumbled, rolling over and flushing when he saw where he was.
_____
John looked over the body, finally noting the needle mark in between the man's pointer and middle finger. "Injection of some kind. The blood work will tell. And now...what? We go running around the city?" John asked, his shoulder hurting even at the thought.
That was where he happened to run across the good doctor. Lord knows, Sherlock Holmes; boy wonder, was never so as inclined to find himself inside a pub for anything other than work.
Sherlock nuzzled against John's chest and they were soon falling asleep.
_____
He smiled softly as he pulled away, and reached down to get his gun. Sherlock frowned at the fact that it had been moved to the other side of the door and wondered how much Mrs Hudson noticed and kept to herself.
"You're handsome," Sherlock blurted, turning John's face from worry to amusement. "No, don't laugh at me. I hadn't expected...hadn't expected to see you. And, and even then, hadn't expected that you would be..."
"Good. Yes, good," Sherlock said, eyebrows knit as he nodded. "Because I've never been loved before, and I wasn't sure that it would last past nightfall. The thrill of it being gone, and such."
William pulled in a deep breath, nostrils flaring, and removed his blazer. He rolled up both sleeves and hopped down to start pacing, already going into nicotine percentages and rattling off numbers John couldn't keep up with. The thing was, he looked different. It wasn't just fevered actions, his movements became purposeful, fluid again. John swore the air around them changed in those moments, and he was once again in for the show of his life.
Will you read more of my stories?
Sherlock moaned and arched his back.
She went to the bookcase in the sitting room, tossing books over her shoulder, to Mr Hudson's dismay, until she found the one she needed.
"That's because you took off around the corner and got yourself shot, bloody long legs of yours," John said, feeding Sherlock an ice chip.
"Hardly," Sherlock replied, pulling the gloves off and tossing them into the far bin. "You don't by any chance have a laptop, do you?"
She didn’t have long to think on it, though, as Sherlock stepped back out and grabbed Jane’s hand when it was noticed that she wasn’t still nipping at her heels.
"I want you to marry," he croaked, smiling softly, even through the ache of it, as John turned his head.
"When did you see his wallet?" John asked, face breaking into a full grin.
"I thought you'd see me as a knight in shining armour," Mycroft said, face blank as it always was in rest.
"We have to play hooky," Sherlock said, nodding solemnly.
"Worn down and tired?" John added.
John crossed his arms and resolutely did no such thing. Who in the hell did Sherlock think he was? Demanding some response as if John were a trained monkey.
Across from him, the words swirled, and others were added on. The wall danced with them.
He took on more cases, even cases he knew he wouldn't be interested in, just to keep busy. He nearly made three prospective clients cry and actually made another throw down the cup they'd been holding and storm out. He was beginning to get a more pungent form of the reputation he already had around the met, but online. He closed comments within the week, not willing to have interested subjects see tale of his disrespect.
, that you've just about read my mind."
A knock came to the door and Sherlock stilled, all but his teeth going stiff as a board.
"We need ground rules," Sally said crossing her arms defensively. "First of all, no kissing."
'Dear S,
Mycroft waited until he could hear her speaking with his mother before he set the cleared readout down on his desk and picked up the phone. He cradled the receiver of the old landline between his shoulder and ear as he sat back to look out the window and into the woods behind his ancestral home. His finger played at the rotary dial, twirling away while he thought.
John snorted and looked up at him. "You spoke to the editor because they spelled my name wrong?"
"Stay still, John. Please stay still. I'll, I'll, um, get a nurse," Sherlock sputtered, standing awkwardly and almost tripping over his own feet.
"The tan line where a wedding ring should be," Sherlock said, leaning back in the wheelchair and pointing. "Recently stopped wearing it. He also had a photo in his wallet. The pregnant woman that came in earlier was in it, though much less pregnant."
“I’m surrounded by mediocre men who think they’re god’s gift to writing, I have to be confident.  If I refused to ask for exactly what I wanted, I would still be in the mail room of the local paper,” Sherlock replied, hiding her insecurities in false bravado.
"I won't put up with this mother-henning forever, you know," Sherlock said, licking a bit of mustard from his upper lip and pulling the crust from the bread.
It was a stupid dance they did, and John was just about done with it, thank you very damn much. Sherlock tried to seem indifferent and John did the same, then Sherlock played off John's feigned indifference and grew more standoffish and John had to try to do the same. He failed, of course, always had done with Sherlock, and the man took it as some sort of insult. He acted as though John was trying to lull him into a sense of safety, when John really just wanted him to feel safe.
'Sherlock Holmes definitely knows how to entertain a crowd. It was all I could do today not to intervene. He looked particularly handsome today and I couldn't-'
There was the thump of the cane hitting the floor and a deep chuckle from John as he pulled away to look at it. Sherlock raised an eyebrow as best he could and tried to hide how incredibly turned on he was.
('Tell me I shouldn't be satisfied. Tell me why. Tell me this isn't all my fault.')
"Well, I'm afraid we'll have to find another, then," he said.
At that, as if smelling the questioning look on the breeze, Sherlock glanced over his shoulder from where he was now knelt next to the body. His eyes caught John's and he swallowed, Adam's apple bobbing.
"Did you hit with a tight fist, or-" John tried, making notes in shorthand for himself.
"What?" Sally asked. "Don't tell me yours is any better. She's a cold bitch. You don't marry a cold bitch by accident."
He'd fallen in love with his best friend. His best male friend. Nothing had truly happened, the worst of it being hands held in the grass near his home. He could still smell Felix's skin, still remember touching his inner wrist and the pads of his fingers. Could imagine what it would have been like to kiss him there, crickets speaking up as the sun finally set and they lay there in the deepening dark, tasting his lips.
-Kate
I was just reading back through one of your stories. I'm finding more and more, to my own complete confusion, that I've become a bit of a romantic.
Sherlock jumped to his feet and followed John to the door, eyebrows knit with worry. "But you'll be back," he said, uncertain.
"T-thank you?" Sherlock replied.
Alone suited him well for many years. He was alone, but never lonely. He had many loves. Enough to last a lifetime.
"You're right about them. I think they could very much be in love," Mycroft explained.
"My friends like you," Greg said, grinning.
John looked at Sherlock, eyebrows drawn together, and Sherlock shrugged.
Sherlock forgot his request at that, and stayed sitting. Something about it was nearly pornographic. The long breath John drew in before looking up didn't help either.
"Just as I thought," Sherlock said, taking the photo back.
"Seeing as he's married, and I'm single, I think boyfriend is a bit reaching. I'm simply concerned. Concerned for both of you. For your safety," Mycroft replied, agitated even as he knew it was the comment's point.
John looked down at his sandwich and swallowed roughly.
Sherlock smiled at that and John shook his head.
Jane snorted a laugh, and that feeling flared up in Sherlock's chest again, the one from the shop when they'd stood close. Warm, and slithering pleasantly, and god, how it was unfurling.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and shook his head, curls bouncing. "Didn't believe I'd actually get medical attention. He's under the assumption that I can't take care of myself."
"I've got some news," Greg said, slipping his jacket off and settling in the seat closest to the fan.
"Come hold this for me," William said, hand reaching out with whatever he'd plucked.
Sherlock crawled out of bed early to find John standing at the window. He walked over and looked down to the street, following his gaze.
"Why did you need whiskey to ask Lestrade for the name of the club?" Sherlock asked after they'd been walking in silence for a while.
"So, try again," John said, nodding as if to convince himself.
"Unfortunately, no," Sherlock said, taking the tea and paying.
Sherlock hummed in agreement and poured the hot water, taking the mugs to the small side table and pulling it so he could sit on the bed with his legs crossed. John stared at him for a moment before he sat down next to him and stared into the tea.
He stood and poured himself and Sherlock tea. "Sugar and milk?"
How had he not seen it? John was a doctor, for Christ's sake, and dull enough to not think that the handle DoctorJohn would be redundant. And that was somehow charming and he had no clue how he found anything charming, let alone something so stupid.
"What does that matter? You aren't my friend," Sherlock said weakly.
John sucked and licked until Sherlock was hard and grasping, and then straddled his hips and kissed him roughly. When he finally pulled back to ask what Sherlock needed, the man looked shocked beyond belief.
I investigate murders mostly, but I understand that as you were the doctor to last see them, it might take some sort of emotional toll on you. It's difficult for me to think in those terms, but DI Lestrade says if my touch doesn't become more delicate he'll revoke my witness interview privileges. That would be detrimental to not only his current solve rate, but also the city as a whole. His selfishness is short sighted, but that's the way with the average human, isn't it?-'
"Oh my god," she gasped, leaning in, "you
Sherlock took a shaky breath. "I'm not used to this."
"You...read stories online as well?" Sherlock asked, finding the conversation a bit suffocating.
"Out the window?" Sherlock asked, her voice distorted due to the water splashing.
"Well, now you do. I take it you'll speak to him about his harsh criticism of his teachers in front of his peers. Perhaps he'll learn from that." Sherlock said, standing and making to leave.
"And?" Jane asked, pointedly.
"You're incredibly sensitive," Sherlock replied, thumb rubbing at the head of John's cock.
Sherlock whimpered and started to thrust. His eyes rolled back in his head and the whimpers turned into groans as his body took over, seeking its own pleasure. John felt him twitch and gripped his arse as he started to come, warmth growing where his sticky release soaked John's skin.
(Photo of John leaning towards Sherlock, their eyes locked and mouths open)
"That's it," Greg said, gripping him tighter.
Sherlock lowered his head, and slid into his seat, and oh, how his heart beat.
"Anything," Sherlock said, it gusting out of him and meaning more than he was willing to admit.
Sherlock took two sweeping steps towards him and kissed him with all the pain and longing he'd felt since that first story. John's skin was hot and his lips were mobile and soft and Sherlock only pulled back after a moment to make sure he hadn't got any of it wrong.
Sherlock snorted. "Dear god, tell me something interesting."
The bell had just gone off for the last class and Sherlock was already hurrying down the hall. He made it to the Head Teacher's office and bolted the door behind himself. John was sitting in his chair looking over some papers, and looked up at the frenzied entrance.
And, oh, the experiments. The second day Sherlock was at the house a large truck had lumbered up and the attic, John's attic, had been turned into a makeshift laboratory. Sherlock still slept there, when he did sleep, but now he also spent nearly every waking moment in the room. John couldn't wait for school to start back up so he could have some time alone.
Sherlock had the same feeling and consoled himself with the knowledge that he hadn't done anything wrong, that men just didn't really like him, and that was par for the course.
"243," William replied, licking his lips. "243 distinct types."
Mycroft tried his best to look unaffected as he walked to the waiting sedan. It wouldn't do to have his assistant worrying after him. She was the only one who knew what this stop meant, even the drivers being changed up to avoid a known pattern, and he really didn't feel like explaining himself.
_____
Sherlock nodded, satisfied. "Good, you'll work from home. I'm sending our rings out for cleaning."
"No," Sherlock replied softly.
The man stopped walking and for a brief moment John worried he'd offended him, then the man smiled. It was a beautiful thing, slightly lopsided and showing a bit too much of his teeth and completely changing his face. He wasn't handsome, he was glorious. Otherworldly. Captivating...and walking away.
Sherlock shifted, frazzled. "What?"
"Alright, then. Touch it."
"Jesus. Jesus Christ," she huffed, pinching one of her nipples while she slid two fingers home.
John looked over at him, trying to suss out what he was doing.
They drank down their glasses and started to strip. John got down to his pants and vest and slipped under the covers, happily pouring himself another glass. Sherlock brought him an ice pack for his forehead and climbed into the bed next to him in just his pants. He felt nervous even though it was obvious John wasn't interested in...well...
John rolled his eyes and chuckled. "Is there nothing I can keep from you?" he asked.
After a while she felt her breathing settle, and washed her hands. Finally feeling more in control, she walked out into the sitting room and stumbled upon the milk. On the floor. Bugger.
"Obviously," Sherlock said before John could ask if they knew each other.
"Wait," Sally said, looking between him and John, "are you two wearing the same shirt?"
Sherlock scrambled to get them off and then pulled at John's until the man lifted his hips and allowed himself to be fully disrobed. The look that had been in Sherlock's eyes every single time they'd gone about this was back. He looked to be concentrating very hard.
"Whiskey," John said, nodding to Sherlock.
"Stay," he whispered, voice soft. "Like this."
"No," Sherlock replied, feeling shocked at how clinical things suddenly were, no matter how soft John's voice was.
"Yes," John said with a small nod.
"Oh," Sherlock murmured from the other side, pulling down the covers so as not to be suffocated by his own hot breath.
"Which is none of your business," Sherlock added, finally standing and joining them by the door.
"Yes," Sherlock said, walking alongside him.
"My brother is insisting on dinner," Sherlock replied with a frown. John had met the man, and knew first hand why that frown was completely justified.
"Sandwiches," Sally said, the din of the room making it a conversation between just the two of them. "Three weeks of sandwiches for every meal, and bunking with that awful woman. I might just go mad."
John stared at him for a moment and then snorted. "You've got to be joking..."
Sherlock heard the tub turn on and closed his eyes again. He was...he wasn't even really there. He felt like he was melting, becoming part of the bed. John was back and pulling his condom off, and gathering him up in his arms soon enough. It was nice, because he was covered in sweat and it was cooling.
Greg gripped them again and moaned in relief as he set up a quick rhythm. Mycroft held him close and the next time they kissed it was hesitantly, both of them feeling a little off kilter even as they moved closer to orgasm.
"Yeah," Greg said, defeated, "fine."
"What?" John replied, looking over at Greg with sudden panic.
Well, that wasn't entirely true. He was sure that what John was referring to was illicit love between two men. Whether that was based on anything John had given away or pure unadulterated hope, Sherlock couldn't be certain.
John stood for a moment, Merrick panting up at him, before removing his jacket and making his way in the direction of the pub, limp back in full force.
"I'll meet him in a public place," Sherlock replied. "He may try to run but he's not stupid enough to kill me in front of a crowd."
John cleared his throat and stuck his hand out. "Nice to meet you. I'm John."
"Who's he?" a constable asked as they approached, nodding towards John but speaking to Sherlock.
"Was there," John tried, clearing his throat against the lump in it, "was there something you needed?"
"He will test your faith," Mycroft replied, finally looking John in the eye.
"I take my work very seriously," Sherlock went on. "Which is why I can admit this next part."
And, yes, this was a different man than John knew. Still, though, beneath the bravado was a bit of the teasing John remembered. John nodded and knelt, fingers going to pull eyelids back.
"Why not eat half now and take the rest home?" he asked, not willing to give up so easily.
At the end of the day they broke apart, standing in front of their separate hotel doors and pausing.
"The point," Jane seemed to agree for a second. "Wait. The point of the muscle rub is to remind me of my childhood?"
"Working," Sherlock answered, looking down at the cut.
John pulled him close and kissed his lips. "Yes, I am."
John couldn't read it sitting down. He was pacing the hallway just outside the barracks, speaking the words written, low, nearly growling, under his breath. Punctuated by barks of laughter. The scene was enough to draw a few spectators.
"How did you-" John's voice cut out as Sherlock tapped his finger on the stack of books in front of them. He snickered and shook his head. "Yeah, sorry. I suppose these things get me a bit off my game."
Sherlock pondered that for a second and shrugged. "Does it matter?"
"Who's this, then?" a weaselly looking man asked, glancing up and down at John.
Each time John tried to leave he would make it right to the edge of the property and find himself once again in the attic. It was what happened the first day, and every day after for three weeks until he stopped trying. Now it had been three years and he was close to being able to consider possibly trying to leave.
Mycroft drew in a small breath and nodded before going back to his original place at Greg's side and starting back down the street.
"Amazing," Jane finished.
Sherlock sat up at that and peered into the dark room. "Are you...are you angry?"
"If it's..." Sherlock tried. "If it's too much..."
They stayed there, crouched on the floor, a breath away, for long minutes, not saying a word.
"You don't like your readers. Probably because they're all women and women are only interesting to you if they are your friends or your bed mates. Seeing as you have few friends and your bed mates don't last long I wonder if you like women at all."
"Yes, well," John replied, unheard, "sometimes life is boring."
Jane looked up and the spindly woman behind what looked like a medical work table stood to her full height and cocked her head to the side. She was stunning, skin dark as coffee and eyes to match that surveyed Jane viciously from head to toe. Jane swallowed thickly and leaned on the cane.
"A case," Sherlock said, flipping through the pages wildly.
"So it wasn't, well, you weren't acting precisely..." John said, nose scrunching up.
He found it regrettable that Greg didn't have occasion to smile so openly and wondered if that would change now that things between them had been sorted out. Every time he'd gone to Greg's flat since they broke up had been painful for both of them and perhaps he had simply become used to a look of disappointment from the man that was situational. Perhaps now Greg would smile when they were home.
Sherlock perked up and looked to see what John was having. "Tuna? No."
"Well, hello," John said, grinning and licking his lips.
When he made it outside he found Sherlock standing at the opening to the bike path, like a beacon calling to him from across the empty road. He faltered for a moment before walking to him quickly.
"If I were ever to attempt such lunacy, it would be in your company," Mycroft conceded, lifting his hand to his driver and nodding as the car drove off.
"Would you like help?" Mycroft asked from the kitchen, watching Greg carefully.
John took Sherlock's hand and pulled him up. "Come on, I'll take care of this at home."
Sherlock opened his mouth and thrust his hips in silent plea as he tasted beer and mint on John's tongue. He tried to follow John's lead, tried to mirror his mouth, but thinking was  becoming a difficult task and he had to pull back to breathe, just bloody breathe for a second.
John looked over at Sherlock and the man barely even reacted, simply standing and sticking his hands in his pockets. Just as he did, Greg and another fellow from the police burst into the house.
John settled a hand on his shoulder and felt the stress in the tightness of his muscles.
Sherlock followed her into her flat. "What on earth are you doing up?"
_____
That somehow made something in John's chest clench painfully. He wanted Sherlock's smile again. His lips.
God. God, the heat. Sherlock's body gripping him as tight as an angry fist and sliding down with fevered urgency. His fingers were really digging into those hips now as Sherlock settled in his lap and breathed a heaving sigh against his neck. He couldn't think, let alone move, as the slow rolling began.
A relationship, though, had always been out of the question. If he was honest with himself he'd admit to being a bit afraid of how involved he might become. His focus on the work was important, and he didn't feel it was worth it to waste that on some random person who would, undoubtedly, grow bored of his antics.
"That was extremely well executed," Mycroft said, pressing the 'close door' button so they'd have the lift to themselves.
OF COURSE NOT, Sherlock replied, YOU'RE MUCH TOO UTILITARIAN FOR THAT. TELL ME ABOUT THE ARMY, DOCTOR.
"It's not broken," Sherlock said, making the cabbie look back at him through the rear view.
'DoctorJohn,
"I need you inside me," Sherlock whimpered, fingers scratching at John's shoulders.
One hand shot up, Derrick's, but Sherlock ignored it, even as it began to wave frantically.
"It hurts," Sherlock wheezed, his voice rough from the intubation.
John stood as well, chest puffing up. "God yes."
"I'm not interested in finding anyone else," John said, "not anymore."
"Member of parliament," Sherlock beamed. "Strung up with faerie lights."
_____
John kept his head down.
"Thank you, Doctor," the receptionist chimed.
“Reading palms yourself now?” Jane teased. “Should I call Fraud myself? That Greg fellow seemed to be helpful enough.”
"Had a hell of a day, is all," Greg continued.
John sat back and eyed Sherlock carefully. "A hand in my morgue."
Fate showed mercy on them less than a month later. They were working on a cold case together at the vicarage when Greg showed up at the front door with what he thought was bad news.
He closed his eyes and let himself be manhandled into position, and willed his body not to react badly.
John followed him and they fled to the car, giggling and sliding into the back.
"You've been nearly pleasant these last few months. You've barely yelled at my team once. So, when you barge into my office in a frenzy and shout at me, I have to assume something is wrong," Lestrade explained.
He took the mug upstairs and sat in the chair up against the window. He couldn't drink it, but he could hold it, and he did so; sitting and listening to the rain, and watching Sherlock sleep.
"Sit on the sofa," Sherlock said without looking up. "This chair is a menace to your shoulder."
"I miss you and you're right here," Sherlock said. "I can't be in your arms enough, I just need more and it won't stop. It's the most frightening feeling, how much I love you."
"So you...weren't upset that I interrupted your meeting last week?" Sherlock asked, bottom lip wobbling.
"Alright, class," Sherlock began, surveying the sea of students eagerly awaiting his command, "can anyone tell me why we moved from the terms Head Master and Head Mistress to Head Teacher?"
"Is that..." John said, left hand clenching as he petered out.
"They aren't there for you," Sherlock disagreed. "They're there because of their own guilt. Guilt eats at you. Guilt won't let go."
She was out, with Todd and some friends, and Mrs Hudson was asleep. He skipped the tenth and second step, knowing they would creak and give away his position, and picked the lock.
John scoffed and shook his head, still visibly incensed. "Someone interested in our relationship."
"Condom," Sherlock murmured, passing the small packet over and opening the bottle of lube.
"You've got to be more carful," Jane said, sitting Sherlock on the toilet lid and going through her suitcase for her med kit.
Jesus. Now John felt horrible. It was obvious that William was terribly in love with his wife. He knew that he should be the same, that he should love Mary, but it wasn't there. It had, in all bloody honesty, never been there. He'd simply let her lead. He gave up on looking for love and let her lead him down the isle by the ear. He wanted so badly for her to be right.
John was to arrive later in the day and something in Sherlock's mind kept suggesting that he wouldn't, that he'd spend the whole of the afternoon waiting strangely in his knickers just to be alone at sunset. He looked down at his half naked body and felt his cheeks flushing. He was trying for sexy, going for as suggestive as he could, but it felt all wrong.
"I thought you were going to be a man," Sherlock said, eyes closed and head rolling back and forth as if to get out a crick in her neck.
"Shame," John said, scrubbing Sherlock's underarms and the come from his stomach.
John looked down and quickly turned around, zipping up and buckling his belt. His face reddened as he remembered what he'd been doing right before busting into Sherlock's room.
"You..." Sherlock tried.
'John,
"Pleased to see you've made yourself comfortable, I'm sure," Mycroft drawled as he entered the room.
He slid into the back of the waiting cab and looked out the window as they pulled away. He hoped the coffee would start working, as he still felt quite tired.
SIGN LANGUAGE?
“Your bedroom would be upstairs,” Sherlock said, interrupting Jane’s thoughts and looking flustered. “Can I interest you in a drink?”
John nodded. "What about you? I know there was someone."
"John," Sherlock questioned softly.
John laughed again, a harsh bark of a thing, and clapped Sherlock on the shoulder, eyes brimming with humor and adoration. "Remind me never to cross you, you genius bastard."
_____
Greg paused, holding a cream filled chocolate to his mouth.
"I have no idea what you're talking about," Sherlock lied, closing the door behind him with more force that was necessary.
John shook his head. "You're pushy, if that's what you mean. Besides, everyone is strange in one way or another."
John chuckled at how easily William sensed him there, without even a real look in his direction, and at how the man was so calm about being discovered, as if he was just waiting for John to finally make it.
I'm so sorry. I really didn't mean to offend you. I think we should talk in private. If you'll give me your email address I'll make sure not to publish it. Once again, I'm sorry.'
When he returned to bed John pulled him under the covers and tucked his face into his neck, breathing deeply against his skin and sighing. Sherlock was hesitant to relax, wanting to take in each new bit of information. John grumbled at that and pulled the covers over them, sliding down Sherlock's body and kissing his stomach. Sherlock's gasps turned into moans as John moved lower, licking down and down until he'd taken the head of Sherlock's prick between his lips.
"Let's go for a walk," Sherlock said, surprising John by holding his jacket out to him.
"You're a healer," Sherlock explained. "First the body, and now, the soul."
Mycroft smiled smugly and Greg caught his lips in an unexpected kiss. When he pulled back to slide to his knees at Mycroft's feet Mycroft looked down at him in surprise. Greg licked his lips and started on Mycroft's trousers, making it quite obvious what he intended to do.
The waiter brought their food and Jane started in on her eggs.
Sherlock had walked into the street without looking and John had jumped after him, succeeding in not only leaving the kerb, but pushing the idiot out of the way of an oncoming car. It was close enough to John's own death, and enough of an evolution in his capabilities, that he knew they needed to be honest.
Sherlock slapped him and started to laugh. "Don't you dare finish that sentence!"
There was a peculiar sound at John's back and he turned from the stove to find Sherlock standing up with a pained look on his face.
"Where are you?" John asked.
John laughed and let his head hang between his legs. "Jesus, I must have sounded like some mad pervert."
_____
Sherlock closed his eyes, jaw tightening. He wanted to sing, giggle and gasp. He found himself laughing and then coughing and his laptop was set aside as John rubbed his back gently and told him to breathe. He tried to do so, breathing deeply through the pain, and glanced up into John's eyes. 'My doctor,' he thought, 'my own.'
"That was...romantic," Sherlock whispered.
"And you?" John asked.
Sherlock let his head fall back as John gave his cock one stroke and pressed behind his bollocks to circle round his arsehole. "Jesus, that's freezing!"
"What was all that about?" John huffed, grinning and holding Sherlock's hips.
Mrs Hudson eyed him. It couldn't be. It probably wasn't, and yet...
"Mmm. The other way round, I believe," Mycroft hummed.
That Friday morning, after meeting in town at the grocery, John and Sherlock came back to the vicarage to find the lights off and the house empty, but for Merrick. Mrs Hudson had left a message tacked to the front door that she had gone to see her ailing sister and that there was a shepherd's pie in the ice box that should last the two days she was gone. John folded the paper and opened the door, Merrick spilling out and wriggling as Sherlock greeted him.
At that, all three fell silent; the man waiting for a response, Sherlock struck dumb with her mouth hanging open, and Jane, stuck playing catch-up.
"I never trust a menu without prices," he mumbled.
John picked up the pen, it seeming to hover there above the paper, and wrote a quick note.
"I was focused on...other things," Sherlock said, adjusting the collar of his newly bought, off the rack, checked shirt.
"Mostly naughty things," Mrs H said candidly.
Sherlock was shaking and watching John with wide eyes as he was stripped down to his pants.
AND HOW DID YOU GET MY NUMBER?
"John, it's just," Sherlock began.
Sherlock drank down the rest of the champagne and grabbed another, just as John walked to him through the crowd.
Sherlock couldn't wait to meet the 'him' she was taking about.
Amazing. Brilliant.
"I know that. Doesn't feel true, but I know it," John answered, closing the space between them.
Mrs Hudson looked up and smiled at him and John felt his stomach drop.
"Last night, yes, I'm sorry, that was completely-" John tried.
There wasn't a window in the room, so William turned on the light and started searching for the tea bags. John stood there watching him, the way he moved almost sinuously in the ill fitting blazer, the way he rose onto his toes for a second of glee when the box of Twinings was found.
"You're the most important person in my life," Sherlock said, eyes fixed on the table.
_____
_____
_____
"I know the owner," Sherlock corrected, hating the flush that took to his neck. "Helped her find the man who robbed them when the police were of little help."
"What's new with you, sir?" Terence, yes, that was his name, asked.
_____
He checked his phone again and then turned it off and on again to make sure it hadn't malfunctioned. When there were still no messages he tossed it aside and opened his laptop. If he couldn't do anything else he could at least write up his blog. He tapped slowly at the keys then highlighted the intro and stared at it, his finger hovering over the delete button.
"I want to thank you so much for that," the woman said as they walked.
John breathed deeply again, if only to center himself, and leaned back against the tree. "Do you think I'm a bigot?"
Mycroft turned and looked Greg in the eyes, the lights outside lighting his face in brief intervals as they moved quickly through traffic. "I've always loved you."
John nodded again and sucked on his teeth. "Good. Now that that's out of the way."
"Sit across from me," he said once he'd settled.
They have to come to it on their own.
"Alright," John said, relaxing minutely. "See you around seven."
He loved criminal justice, loved cases and all the questions they held. He loved figuring it all out and being able to use not only his mind, but his body to find and subdue the wicked.
"I took that last semester. Real pain," John said. When Sherlock simply stared at him he cleared his throat. "I'll, uh, let you get back to it."
He was sitting in his chair speaking to John out loud as if he was sitting opposite, as he often did, when Mrs Hudson brought him the letter. He opened it quickly and started to read.
"Looks broken to me, kid," the man retorted.
"That was mad," John said, sighing and relaxing into his seat. "She'll wonder where I've gone."
Some people don't fall in love, and that's okay.
The bartender's deep olive eyes grew hungry and he threw the glass he'd been cleaning to the ground, letting it smash behind him as he leaned in to cup her bountiful breast.
"Yes, well...it just isn't on for us to go and consult psychics," Greg replied weakly.
"Gregory," Mycroft rumbled.
John snorted and looked up as Mrs Hudson entered the room.
"Was the bath good?" Sherlock asked.
John choked out a laugh and reached out, hand stopping just short of Sherlock's shoulder. He had to remember what could be seen from the street. It was best not to arouse suspicion from soon to be neighbors and he knew that even a simple touch from him would be obvious to some.
Less than a hour later they were having their first fight. Jane stood with the groceries and tried to explain to Sherlock that she really didn't think it was okay to place the milk in a cadaver fridge.
John sighed and looked up. "No. You did. Don't...don't make me say it. I wasn't in the best shape, and you, you did that. Just...just, thank you." A silence fell between them, and john couldn't let that be. "And as for Doc, she was a horrible counselor to begin with, she didn't have to go and stab me."
John was writing a letter back to Sherlock three weeks later when he realised that he actually felt awake. Not refreshed, per se, no one ever felt refreshed in a war zone, but awake. He didn't have to fight the drooping of his eyelids and he'd only had one cup of coffee that day. He almost felt like crying.
John felt stupid. He shouldn't be standing there waiting for Sherlock like they were going on some date. Sherlock had said he would see him in the morning, yes, but it had been a pleasantly, not a plan. He'd meant that they were going to end up seeing each other at the convention, not that they would get coffee and sit next to each other on the tube. He was being ridiculous.
He looked out among the drying grass, following Merrick's trajectory with his eyes, and saw Sherlock sitting at the base of a large tree. He tried not to smile widely and continued his conversation with the last of the parishioners, then walked back into the rectory and made his way to the kitchen.
Sherlock took the opportunity to slip out the service door. It snicked closed behind him just Molly was introducing herself. He paused for just a moment, standing under the florescent lights of the long hallway, and heard the answering hum of a man’s voice.
Sherlock grimaced and looked to the floor.
"We'll see," John replied smoothly. "Only my best patients get rewards."
He shook the thought off and went to his chair to find out who on earth was writing her from...where was it...Afghanistan. Christ. He almost expected to find sand in the creases of the envelope.
"Oh," the woman replied, looking to the ceiling, "years ago."
"That would make for quite the business card," John said.
They were met with scowls when they arrived on the scene, reminding John that Sherlock had a tumultuous relationship with his sort of coworkers. He hung back a bit, though he was feeling a strange mix of affection and protectiveness.
"You want to join me on cases," Sherlock explained. "And you were angry that I may have put myself in harm's way. Because you like me."
"Where did Merrick make it to?" Sherlock asked as he caught up with John just as they made it outside.
They got off at their stop and walked the short way to the hotel then went to the lift. When the doors opened Sherlock pulled John by his sleeve, walking quickly and then running to the stairwell. John jogged to keep up, not knowing what the bloody hell was going on. They burst into the stairwell and then rested against the closed door, Sherlock glancing over his shoulder and through the small window leading into the hallway.
He let himself be undressed, Sherlock's hands shaking as he got to his trousers, and then sat back on the bed to let Sherlock remove his shoes and sock and pull his trousers off. He chuckled at the fervor with which Sherlock tossed everything aside and pulled him up and into his lap.
Sherlock's face crumbled a bit in relief and John couldn't help but cup his cheek with one hand, the other going to his shoulder. Sherlock's eyes teared up and John squeezed his shoulder.
He had John's shirt and jacket pushed down his shoulders and had managed to walk him back to the bed, shoving him until he gave up and sat on the edge, and then he could see the scar. It took up nearly half his chest and was still rather fresh, the edges only just going ghostly white, silvery. Sherlock couldn't help himself, he had to lick it.
And, oh, Jane really hadn't meant to laugh. She was going to tell Sherlock to stick it, but her persistence was somehow endearing, and having her whole life laid out like that had set her on edge. It started out as a snort, and turned into a fit of giggles.
"I did sleep. Several hours even," John admitted, head ducked.
"I think he's about to rob her. They know each other. He's desperate," Sherlock murmured, eyes transfixed.
Oh. Again, oh.
"I supposed it was obvious," Sherlock replied, climbing back under the covers. "Now come here."
When he made it back to Sherlock, the man had finally begun to listen. He pulled those posh pyjama trousers down and pressed a slick finger to Sherlock's arsehole. Sherlock moaned and rolled his hips, taking the tip in easily, willingly. John couldn't help but grunt at the way that silky heat enveloped him.
Sherlock groaned and pulled off, moving to recapture John's mouth. John licked between his lips and sighed at the taste of him as Sherlock began thrusting his hips.
"Good," John murmured against Sherlock's brow.
Faerie lights.
“Quiet, Sherlock.” Mycroft interrupted. “You misinterpret my interest. I was just taking a trip down memory lane, and-“
"Grumpy!" John protested, really just needing to speak to keep himself from focusing on where they had been touching.
"God, that's gorgeous," John said, rocking his hips more as Sherlock started to bob his head in earnest.
"He was moving slow enough," Sherlock replied, right hand pushed into his pocket to keep it from brushing against John's. "I would have noticed at some point."
Sherlock blushed a bit and looked rather proud of himself. "I'd better," he said, holding his hand up and gesturing towards what must have been the kitchen.
John choked out a laugh and shook his head. "I don't know which one of us is more embarrassed."
_____
John raised his eyebrows and seemed to move in his seat as if settling in for the long haul. "Well, I wasn't looking for a date, was I?"
When Sherlock was finally back and sitting at the table, he looked up. Oh, the brilliant man. He'd set the whiskey bottle between them and brought along two small glasses as well. As the tea steeped, Sherlock poured them both a shot and held his aloft.
Sherlock breathed carefully through his nose and turned his hand over, his skin brushing against John's, and opened his palm. There was warmth there and John found himself lowering his hand to run his fingers across Sherlock's fingers, gently, gently.
"Sherlock is an important asset. Keep him safe and I'll do the same for you," the detective said, sliding over a laminated badge with John's photo, the one from his driver's license, and name on it.
Sherlock nodded once. “We were...known to each other long ago. I haven’t spoken with him in years. I didn’t realise he was related to the family I was going after. Fraud has been on the case for months, raiding psychics all over town. I knew there was a story, I just didn’t realise how dangerous it would be until the last minute.”
'But do tell me about this flatmate you had that was soooo very interesting,' he wanted to add. 'This handsome scientist of yours.'
John swallowed hard, wondering if it was all too much, and managed to hobble his way up to the second landing. "You don't mind the flowers, do you?" he tried.
"Well...one."
Sherlock hummed in agreement and climbed from the bath, feet leaving a trail behind him as he  walked across the room for a towel. He was wrapped tightly and looking closely at his eyes in the mirror when John hopped out of the shower himself. His eyes closed as John sidled up next to him, soft smile forming as he watched him through the mirror.
He didn't have much time to feel so, though, as he was being dragged from the room by Sherlock's retreating presence soon after.
"Nothing...I was just thinking the same," Sherlock replied with an honest smile.
When he remembered his interaction with Sherlock on the front step of the bloody vicarage, he had to grab the edge of the basin.
Mrs Hudson came bustling out of the back with a bright yellow rain slicker and Sherlock huffed.
When he made it home he pulled out his laptop, the phrase 'dusted off' coming to mind, and made himself some tea. It was easy enough to find a website that had templates for blogs and soon enough he was putting his picture in the right place and venting to absolutely no one. And, God, did it feel good.
"I'm just incredibly glad that you finally broke," John admitted. "I didn't want to press the issue if, if I couldn't...you, know."
Sally poked him in the side at that. "I'm just trying to comfort you, you great idiot. No need to be short."
John kissed him on the forehead and grinned. "Absolutely."
"Magic, of course," Jane replied, not at all believing the woman. Yes, she'd heard that magic still existed, but she'd never seen a tish of it. Her father was particularly vocal about what a bit of hogwash it was.
The next night, when John saw the man walking from across the campus grounds towards the coffee shop he groaned and turned to his coworker. "Do you know this guy?"
John's eyebrows did a little hop and his lips curled. "He's not the only one."
"Coffee?" John asked.
Jane licked her lips and took one last sip of tea before standing. "I'd better get my things."
"Happy," William replied, taking a step closer and pulling the air from John's lungs.
Sherlock paused, looking over his shoulder, before standing a bit taller. "Well, yes. I-I've been working the case thoroughly."
"Ah, that's too bad. My mouth is reserved for people who aren't too ashamed to date me," Greg said, bitter that they were having this conversation again.
They were polar opposites, Molly and Sherlock, but John got the feeling that they would work out. He watched Sherlock effortlessly get the attention of his class, and wondered what the man's brother had said to him the night before. He made a mental note to call the brother, and went to his desk to commence his day.
"There's only one bed," Greg added with more foreboding a tone than John felt necessary.
"How long do you reckon before you can bugger me in the men's?" Sherlock purred.
Sherlock's eyes closed and his mouth hung open and John rutted against him twice more before he was crying out and coming in his pants. Sherlock shuddered and came as well, slumping in John's arms and letting out a contented sigh.
THE STAFF PAGE OF BART'S HOSPITAL'S WEBSITE. GOOD PICTURE, BY THE WAY. WAS THE BLACK AND WHITE YOUR IDEA? DOES ADD AN ARTISTIC TOUCH. SH
John nodded and started walking towards the lift, hands in his pockets and bag over his shoulder. He looked to Sherlock like an English professor, subdued tweed and leather settling him firmly in the 'dressed like my father would have wanted me to' category.
"I'm gonna fuck you, right here," John said, adding a third finger and pumping them with growing speed, "right now."
"Who wants tea?" she asked.
He looked across the way and saw Sandy and William sit down. The two men's eyes were drawn to each other like magnets and they both smiled nervously. John felt relief again, that peculiar relief that came with William still liking him. His mood hinged on it, at that point.
"He seems to have taken a liking to you," the man continued. "He doesn't do that often."
Correction:
The accident affected John when the injuries and deaths caused by the war only made him feel numb. He sees that as his failing to be human. He's worried he won't get over the accident.
"John," Sherlock gritted out, head falling back to thump against the door.
"That wasn't what I...was she ill for a long time?" Jane asked, coming to the conclusion that the woman she didn't remember had been a friend of Sherlock's.
"Love you, too," Greg replied.
Sherlock walked right to the far wall and started running his fingers over the spines of the books, not even stopping to pick one out or even to read the titles, as if he needed badly to touch them. He fluttered about, seemingly forgetting to be pushy about John lagging behind, and busied himself with pulling books out at random and sliding them back in.
Sherlock smiled, tight-lipped, and hoped the conversation would end soon. "Ah, good."
"Don't say that," John answered, face slowly turning pale in the fluorescent lighting. "You're happy. Don't fuck that up."
"It's nothing to worry over," Mycroft assured.
Four pints later John was feeling quite loose and was sitting back in his seat smoking a cigarette. Greg was near nodding off across from him.
"I'm the voice of reason," Mycroft countered.
John pulled off long enough to stare up at him. "It's been so long. Three days. Don't you need to?"
_____
'A doctor has died in a firefight in a triage center in the Helmand province in Kandahar. I'm being sent out there in a fortnight. The fighting has been disastrous and they're low on supplies so I'm to be packed into a helicopter and shipped there nearly as cargo.
John took in a quick breath, as if remembering, and shifted on his feet. "Fair point. It was, that is, last night-"
"Happy almost Christmas, love," John replied, and it was.
Now he was simply in awe of that particular specialty. It felt different every time. He was never anything but greedy for Greg's mouth and time had shown him that wouldn't change.
_____
"I'm divorced," John blurted, holding up his hand weakly to show the lack of ring. It was forward, yes, but he had to hope, no matter how cruel that was. "Counseling doesn't fix everything. How is...Sandy?"
He'd had a friend whose wife would only have girls, one little girl after another, and he prayed the night he held Harriet for the first time that his wife wouldn't be the same. He NEEDED a boy.
John couldn't help but grin. He had no interest in ash of any kind, but the relief in William's eyes had captivated him. He felt something rushing through him, some thrill at knowing this secret.
"Yeah," John said, nodding. "Yeah, let's go."
"You were a scout?" Greg asked, looking over his shoulder in surprise.
Sherlock spent the next few hours in the lab, fantasizing about turning down a case that night. No, he'd say to Lestrade, I have a date, and I'm not canceling it for a four.
"Yes, John," Sherlock whined. "Please, John, anything you want."
Sherlock perked up at that. "Suicide. Interesting."
"John?" Sherlock asked, voice barely audible over the din.
Greg grinned, looking rather proud of his small part in things, and took a long sip of lager.
'Not the time, Watson,' he thought.
‘Yes,’ Jane thought, ‘I’d like nothing more.’
Derrick raised his hand again and Sherlock gave in, knowing he would have the answer he was trying to get out of the lot.
"You know," the DI said, "I haven't heard how you two met."
'-I have to tell you the truth. I'm not who you think I am. Not in the least. I'm not the woman you want to come home to, not the woman you want to marry.
Sherlock opened a large drawer and rifled through it, coming out with a nondescript glass jar and handing it over. Jane held it up to the light. It was filled with an opaque gel of some sort.
Funny, how that settled him. The raging inside him stopped and he simply went to sit on the front steps.
Jane smiled at Sherlock as if she were to most peculiar thing in the whole wide world, shaking her head slightly. "Well, it worked. What do I owe you?"
It was a horrible thing to say about a horrible situation, but there it was. In war, he was in his element. Everything he hated about society was gone. No one expected him to smile at them and ask how their day was, no one bothered him beyond what he was there to do. Everyone had a role, and the camaraderie acted out around the basecamp was highly choreographed. Once the other men knew him, he was left to himself, left to read his medical texts and work, the only two things in life that interested him.
Sherlock sat a bit straighter as his cheeks coloured. What on earth was going on? He was meant to be making the doctor flustered, not the other way around. He'd done this sort of thing before, of course, but it had always been with him in charge. Hell, just last month the washing machine repair man had given him a healthy reward just for keeping him company. Now he was blushing and Dr Watson was seemingly unaffected. Interested, yes, but unaffected.
"Tell me again why you're single," Sherlock said, scrunching up his nose and looking rather suspiciously at him.
The man, Lestrade, chuckled. "Yeah, well. I'm stuck with him, aren't I? Don't ever see him out with anyone, so I suppose you're just like me. Can't live with him, can't-"
Sherlock nodded curtly. "Yes. I have things to get ready. Wear dark clothes and bring your gun, just in case."
"Problem?" Sherlock shot over her shoulder.
"Yes, yes," Sherlock said, setting down his tea and clapping his hands together. "Now show me the cases."
"It's in the loo!" Sherlock shrieked, just as John had gone to touch the door handle. "The bandage. It's in the loo."
He patted Sherlock stiffly on the shoulder before leaving again. "The doctor will be in shortly, Mr Holmes."
John could see the police milling about as soon as they were coming up on the street. They had an area cordoned off and were standing at the edge of it speaking together as Sherlock paced back and forth just inside it. Sherlock looked tense. John figured he'd never seen him in work mode before and realised he may not have been meeting up with the man he thought he knew.
"But then your mouth would taste of tuna," Sherlock grumbled.
Sherlock looked over at him, seeing it as such, but said nothing.
Mycroft choked on his own saliva and whimpered as Greg took him between his lips and sucked. It was overwhelming, Greg's tongue pushing and prodding at his foreskin before laving at the slit. Greg was ridiculously confident in his ability to suck a bloke off and that had frightened Mycroft in the beginning. Not because he wanted Greg to be a virgin, but because he himself wasn't nearly as confident, no matter how public school he was.
John swiftly cut him off, standing between the man and Sherlock. That caught Sherlock's attention and enraged the man.
That perfect moment, relaxation and soon to be inebriation, was when there came a knock to the door. Not just any knock, either. One he knew. One he dreaded.
Sherlock scrambled over and pulled two bottles out, chose the white one, and set it on the bedside table. John was telling the woman what she was to do to keep the wound clean and how often to take the pills and Sherlock's chest was doing something peculiar. It was expanding, at least it felt it, expanding until he felt as big as the room they were in. He was close to overflowing with the need to kiss John, the need to pull at his lips with his teeth and rut  against his leg.
John's brain had already caught hold of the thread, however, and he wasn't yet ready to let it go. "Whatever you might do at home, you don't have to lie to me. I won't tell a soul."
He'd taught three lessons and had multiple individual meetings with people from his congregation during those four days, but his mood still seemed to hinge on whether or not he spoke with Sherlock.
He wanted to see John in the hospital.
Sherlock took a deep breath and tried for composure as a flush crept up his cheeks. "I just happened to pick out the perfect heterosexual attire."
One single pill, not nearly enough, as smooth as a skipping rock in his hand as he stumbled to the loo. He placed it carefully under his tongue and climbed into the shower. His knees protested. Forgot to stretch before bed. His fault.
"Milk?" he offered.
Sherlock turned to her slowly and Jane could have sworn something glimmered in her eyes.
_____
John tapped on the divider and the car pulled away from the kerb.
Sherlock untied his shoes from his hip and dropped them to the floor with a clunk, pulling his knees to his chest and wrapping his arms around them. John wondered if they would take the conversation back up once the woman was gone, or if that moment of honesty was lost to them completely.
That is, until he tried to stand. His leg protested quite painfully and he gritted his teeth and pushed his thumbs into the muscles of his thigh. The cheap mattress was the worst part about the place, to be honest. He'd had trouble sleeping before, what with the nightmares, but here it was nigh impossible.
Sherlock caught his eye and shrugged. "Will you play one for me? Just for a bit?"
Molly nodded enthusiastically. "Boss. And that's...me."
"Hey," John said, patting the ground beside him. "I was just teasing. You did a great job. It looks good."
The woman's eyes went wide and she nodded. "Will you walk me home?"
And there it was again, that mild turning of a leaf in his sternum.
He hadn't known he was going to have to
"The roof. There's a wonderful view of the harbor and a total lack of Greg Lestrade. Two of the first things I look for when finding a place to spend the day," Sherlock said smoothly, pressing the button for the upper parking complex and then slipping a key from his pocket and inserting it into a slot below the button.
"I'll have to remember that," John said.
"I looked into them," Sherlock said, shrugging, "incredibly boring. The man barely spent a thing on his lover. Who knows if it was really the maid."
"That would be much more touching without the implied threats. I'm sure you can see your way out," John said, opening the door.
"Oh, hello Molly," John replied, waking past Sherlock to the table she was working on. "Busy? I had some questions about the ventilation system."
Greg put the chocolate in his mouth and sat back in his seat, chewing it.
Sherlock was on his feet and wrapping his dressing gown around himself tightly before she could finish the thought, gritting his teeth in pain as he stomped with percussive effect to his desk in the sitting room. He pointedly blocked her out as he shuffled through papers for what he was well aware was his last Vicodin. That meant he’d have to go visit Mike later, the walk from the station to Bart’s was a daunting one whenever he was in this state. Maybe Molly would have something fun for him. Unlikely.
Greg sighed and ran a hand through his hair before putting his mobile back into his pocket. It was like a stab in the gut and Mycroft closed the window and sat back in his seat.
"I didn't remember she existed," Jane admitted, taking in how like the shop the sitting room was. "Did she own the apothecary?"
I am working a writer's convention for the next two weeks. Yesterday I met the writer who is sharing my booth. At first he seemed to be as uninterested in being there as I was, sorry, Greg. After a while I realised he was just horrible company.
"Naked under the covers at half eleven," Sherlock murmured. "We really are taking this holiday seriously."
"Oh, no," he heard Sherlock say, "I'm very much single. Not interested in anything long term anyhow. Dating is for fools...but perhaps I'd like to be a fool for you."
Sherlock grunted in agreement. "Yes. School night, after all." After another pause, one last one for good measure, he supposed, Sherlock went on. "Goodnight."
John was about to say that perhaps they should leave when the woman broke out in a wide grin and shuffled over to hug Sherlock around the waist, chattering now in a softer voice. Sherlock and the woman spoke sweetly for a second before she kissed him on the cheek and left in the direction of the kitchen.
'I think you mean bored. And yes, I'm bored. And you have my number. -John'
"Because you're mad," John said, voice getting rough as Sherlock heard the sound of a zip being pulled down. "My mad genius."
"Do an injured man a favor," Sherlock replied, head falling forward in exasperation.
He hummed in agreement and wiped his mouth just as the approach of a car sounded outside. Merrick ran to the door and barked once before sitting.
'Evening,' the imagined author said.
"Started without me?" John asked, placing a steadying hand around Sherlock's waist.
John murmured assurances into Sherlock's neck and stroked him faster, thrusting his own hips against one slim thigh. The words were so close to the ones John had spoken the second time they'd met. 'Brilliant, truly brilliant,' and 'amazing.' Gorgeous was thrown in there, too, for a third time, and Sherlock melted into those words and burned up and seized and came with a shout.
"Are you digging for the murder weapon?" Sherlock asked, as he was prone to. "Did you get killed on the property? Is the weapon buried?"
It wasn't going to be as easy as he thought.
Sherlock did as he was told, breath hitching as John adjusted the machine and rested a hand on his lower back. John lifted a protective sheet and rested it over Sherlock's shoulders, smoothing it down more than he really needed to. Sherlock let his eyes slip closed as John leaned in to whisper.
John didn’t remember sending his resume to Bart’s, and he would have remembered sending it to anywhere larger than the few clinics offering part time positions. ‘That damn therapist,’ he thought.
"Well, if it's not him, and it's definitely not Mike, then that only leaves me and he wouldn't-you, you wouldn't-" Sherlock sputtered, having trouble keeping the John in front of him and the writer John separate. Except...that wasn't it. That was where he was wrong. John was the writer and the writer was John and John had hit on him that first night because he- "you want to kiss me."
There was a long pause before John replied. "Hang on, you're not hoping I'll catch a cab to your place and look at it?"
John sat on the edge of Sherlock's bed for a while before he was able to pull himself away. It scared him that he could be seen. Everything he understood about his existence said that was wrong. He had got to the point where it was something he appreciated; the not being seen. He was so incredibly angry all the time that having people see him would be like having to face that anger. No matter what he said or how he looked, that was his. That was kept a secret by nature, or whatever controls the lives of ghosts.
Mycroft leaned in to whisper against Greg's ear, glad for the darkness of the room. "I want your mouth, Gregory."
"I didn't see a ring, is all."
He'd created a version of John in his mind that he knew would never leave him and it was his intention to build on the John in his head until he didn't actually need the real one. He knew john wouldn't want to see him when he came back to London. He couldn't think of John dying in combat now that he knew the man. In all honesty, he was quite frightened that that might actually break his heart. He might never know. John might just cease to exist at some point. He might have to go begging to his brother for information, and, and-
"I'm starving. I guess our bit of fun is up," he said.
"Yes, well," John said, jaw tightening and head tipping to the side in agitation as he tapped his cane on the floor loudly, "I was wrong on that account. Perhaps both accounts. I think it would be best if you just-"
Sherlock was only able to let out a low moan as his body relaxed and he realised he'd stained a perfectly good shirt.
Sherlock returned with a small glass bottle and sat in the middle of the bed, cross legged. She motioned for Jane to join her and Jane did, with a sigh. She was tense again, all the good that the bath had done dissipating as she realised that she would have to remove her shirt. She regretted not putting a bra back on, but decided that if Sherlock was going to behave like this was all normal, then she was as well.
And Sherlock had to smile at that, because it wasn't at all what she was expecting, which seemed to be the running gag with Jane. Jane. She rolled the name around in her mind.  "221C. Basement apartment, next to the shop. Next."
Sherlock stood across from him and continued to eat. "Hmm."
Sherlock sputtered and felt his cock grow impossibly harder. He was grateful when the man went on without him.
"And loud," Sherlock pressed.
They had twitched against that skin, just a small twitch, but it felt like allowing himself a caress.
Greg shrugged. "Well, considering Sherlock's not really IN, I'd say not. Similar, though. Sally isn't taking it well. I think she figures that if he's acting odd, we can't trust him."
You may feel out of your depths, but that's okay. You speak as if it's a fault. You jump, head first, into danger and struggle your way through and that's more than most people could say, you have achieved more than most will ever achieve. You are a marvel.
Before John knew it, Sherlock was up in the attic cursing and banging around. Mrs H had already excused herself and John had been standing out in the rain, not knowing what to do next, for quite some time. He grinned and floated up and through the wall, surprising Sherlock, who could apparently see him do it.
"Are you aware that my brother was missing today?" Mycroft asked, hand clutching his umbrella with crushing force.
John followed her to the kitchen as she made a space on the table for the tray. It was piled with cheeses and finger sandwiches and biscuits and jam. She held a sandwich up to John and smiled as the man took it and started to eat.
John grinned and shook his head and pulled him back into his arms. "You git."
Mycroft raised his left eyebrow and Greg leaned closer.
AND WHEN EXACTLY DID YOUR SEX DRIVE KICK IN? John signed, still more comfortable like that.
The child next to them screamed loudly and Sherlock turned to glare at it. Face red and puffy from crying, it huffed an exhausted sigh and started to cry louder as mucus bubbled from its nose.
"Detectives," Sherlock corrected, and Jane realised once again that she knew nothing about the woman.
John hummed and kissed Sherlock on the forehead before turning to check the water temperature. Once deeming it warm enough he turned on the shower and stepped in. Sherlock followed after.
Sherlock blanked. He honest to God blanked. John paused when he stayed quiet and then turned when the silence was drawn out. Sherlock could feel his face heating up and cleared his throat twice.
"Mmm," Sherlock rumbled in response. "Barely."
"What kind of wildflowers were there where you were stationed in the war?" he asked.
"Mr Holmes?" the woman who had taken his information said from behind the small divider.
Getting to the end, folks.
Before John could say mistake Sherlock found his lips and was somehow pressing his tongue between them. Sherlock's hand shifted into short hair and scratched against his scalp and John was moving against his mouth and breathing roughly through his nose and it felt overwhelming in a way Sherlock rarely allowed himself outside of chemical means.
“Just up there?” Jane asked, chewing on her lip and lingering at the door.
"You alright?" John asked.
So he screamed. He screamed his bloody head off and felt a bit of relief for it.
