If his soulmate is alive, and Sherlock gains knowledge of who he is, what will he do? Track him down and throw himself at the man’s feet? Unlikely. He’ll do nothing.
Sherlock nods and he can feel sweat drip down his neck. He reaches forward and wraps his fingers around John’s cock, careful not to bump their wrists together.
“Starving.”
“Positive.”
“I don’t know why I expected someone who overdosed on a nearly lethal mix of cocaine and heroin to show good judgement,” Mycroft snaps. “You should have been colour blind.”
“Unfortunately, yes.”
“Please, Captain, I want to come on your cock. I want to feel you make me come. Fill me and put me in my place.”
He sees much more than that too. Creases in the detective’s shirt, scuffs and mud along his shoes, he’s tired but not unhappy.
One by one, Sherlock’s classmates show up at school or return from hols wearing gloves. Sherlock smirks at them, pleased that he can still see the world in slips of muted navy and emerald. Until one day, they’re just gone. Nothing but grayscale left behind. He’s nearly fifteen and he’d thought, quietly hoped, that maybe he’d get to keep his colours forever. That he wouldn’t need another person to give them back to him, that he’d be enough on his own. Sherlock refuses to cry, refuses to stay in his dormitory for the day like the other students did. Instead, he pulls on a pair of jet black leather gloves and goes to class.
Sherlock nods, trying not to stare at John’s eyes or his lips or anywhere really.
He can’t manipulate this the way he wants, he can’t pour his feelings into this slow, comfortable kiss the way he would like, but John keeps kissing him. Keeps moving his mouth across Sherlock’s lips. He dips his tongue inside.
John’s fingers stilled. He crooked them inside Sherlock until he found that sweet spot that made Sherlock’s knees shake.
The air between them is humid and heavy. Sherlock wishes he had his hands free but the arm between he and John is wrapped around Rosie. He doesn’t have the mental capacity to keep kissing John and figure out how to free his arm without letting her slide to the floor. Both outcomes are unacceptable. But their lips keep moving and their tongues keep dipping in and out in a dance Sherlock didn’t know he would love.
For Mycroft to have a suspicion about an outcome, he must have some facts with which to form that suspicion. “You know who he is.”
“What is what?” It was a stupid, obvious question. Sherlock knew. He’d known for ages this was coming. It didn’t make him any less afraid.
If that’s actually how this works - it may not be. This has never been Sherlock’s area after all. He quickly flips through whom he could ask for advice: Molly, Greg, Mycroft, Mrs. Hudson, the Woman. None of them are acceptable. It’s uncharted territory and he has no map to guide him.
Sherlock lets the noise of other people’s comings and goings push him closer and closer to the edge. His hips flex and the ball of his foot presses against the stranger’s ankle as his thighs tighten and bunch. The stranger watches him, towel tented but firmly in place across his lap. Sherlock ends up jerking himself to completion watching the stranger watch him, gradually becoming oblivious to the chorus of sex around him.
“Fat chance,” John snorted, although he did retrieve the takeaway from the hotel mini-fridge and dropped it on the table next to Sherlock.  “Goodnight, Sherlock… do whatever you want, you won’t keep me up; I’m done in.”  He crawled into bed and threw his arm over his eyes, and, truly a soldier, was snoring in minutes.
Gabriel shook his head. “You’ve got me,” he said. “I was in the map room with Andrews running a simulation for that raid we’re doing in Balagha. Suddenly it sounds like the gate is being ripped off its hinges, and six dozen vamps start raving in.”
“The base was always a target, we had issues for years, the occasional break-ins by angry vampires, sometimes full-on onslaughts by ancient vampire groups who didn’t like our presence. Most of them figured that since they were immortal, they didn’t need to be governed by anyone. Usually these kinds of insurrections were put down fairly quickly. On June the seventh at two forty-five in the morning, all hell broke loose.”
The colour drained from Molly's face. “Oh, God.”
“Daywalkers-?” John started, and was tempted to start walking forward when Sebastian turned and gestured at him with his rifle. He moved back into place.  “You can’t turn a vampire that way,” John said seriously. “That’s not how it works.”
“I told you I’d kill you one day,” Jim said to Sherlock, smiling happily, shaking his head as though this were the most obvious conclusion.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Yes, terrible. Not important. John, do you remember when Moriarty put a bomb in the flat across the road from us?”
Mycroft smirked as he held open the front door. “After you, doctor.”
“It’s only nine. Food?” John said, petulantly trying to pull on the covers that were pinning him down from under Sherlock.
“Molly’s fine,” Lestrade answered firmly, more confident than John had seen him in days. “At the British library. I’m sure George will explain,” he said, gesturing at the man adjacent to him. John didn’t press further on about Mycroft’s absence.
“Great news,” John interjected, his voice monotone.
“Government technology,” Sherlock said dismissively. “I should have attached a tracker to him. Actually, Mycroft should have done so himself. Rubbish big brother,” he muttered, sliding the laptop onto a side table.
“Your mother is...?” Lestrade asked
“Yes. Though I was not sure that I had been successful until tonight. There was a bit of a…” He pondered the encounter for a moment. “A bit of a
Sherlock chuckled. “I have a new theory.”
Sherlock stared at the shape of John’s back a moment longer, then turned back himself. He knew he wasn’t getting much more out of John, but felt irritated all the same. He was the first to admit the nuances of human interaction were confusing, at best, and incomprehensible at worst. He felt, in an unusual moment of shame, that he had performed poorly as a best friend. Gone too far.
“Actually, starting with the fangs would be good,” Lestrade said, crossing his arms as he leaned back in his chair. “I mean,
Mycroft and Lestrade waited at the door, which Sherlock reached before John, stepping in quickly and making his way to the stairs. Lestrade, who still kept an eye trained on the army doctor, entered next and followed Sherlock. Before John could enter, he felt a cold hand rest on his elbow, stopping him.
“How did you find this place?” John murmured as they made their way to the empty front desk.
“Forty new vampires?” Mycroft asked.
“He’s a double agent,” Sherlock said, making the connection, genuinely pleased for the first time that morning. “Oh, that’s terrific.”
A malicious smile tugged at Sebastian’s cheek, eager to continue their fight, but John was no longer in a smiling mood. Or a conversant one, for that matter. Immediately landing a punch on Sebastian’s chest, he fought viciously, moving forward aggressively. Without Moriarty’s blood, the battle would have been lost for Sebastian immediately. As it was, he held out for five minutes, the battle around them slowly coming to a close, until John was finally able to land a well-angled kick towards Sebastian’s shin, breaking the bone and causing the other man to fall on to his back. John fell with him, and with one motion, held Sebastian down by the neck.
Sherlock nodded, not inclined to speak at that particular moment.
“I'm already dizzy,” he said. “It would wise not to tempt fate with anything further.”
“Ah, now you're using my name,” the other man said, crossing his arms as he leaned on the wall across from John. “I must be in trouble.”
Sherlock wet his lower lip thoughtfully as he peered down at John. “You're worried.”
The cafe they chose was quiet but bright, and they weren’t disturbed by the small number of other patrons across the room. In short order, the pair was filled with coffee and sandwiches, and ready to take their next steps. With a map spread out on the table between them, John brushed the last crumbs off his jeans and pulled out his phone. “I’ve got some voicemails,” he said, glancing at Sherlock. “Just a second.”
“Same to you. Try to actually sleep at some point,” John ordered, pointing at him as he left the room, and shutting off the lights in the main room as he headed towards the stairs.
Something flickered across Sebastian’s face. John was certain it was self-doubt.
“Perhaps,” Sherlock answered, disappointed. “And the bus led to the club, so no need worrying about that, either.”
“What is that?”He asked, gesturing to a piece of white paper that stuck out near the top of the pocket.
Molly plucked at a loose thread on her coat. “I trust Sherlock, I suppose.”
“You’ve killed a lot of people trying to make vampires,” John said, unamused. “Haven’t seen much proof that you’ve made any good ones.”
“Order some garlic bread,” John said, watching Sherlock as he returned to the kitchen, and falling back, his lethargy returning. Part of him knew he should do something, even if it was just looking out the windows to see that the flat was safe. Another, stronger part begged him to stay where he was, to sit and talk with Sherlock, and enjoy the last few moments they had together before everything changed. Without much of a delay, their food arrived, and John eventually managed to pull his friend from his microscope and to the living room.
“A friend of mine, Gabe, just saying he got my message. He said he’s going to try getting some people over here as soon as he can. Aiming for tomorrow, he said. I gave him Molly’s number at the library so she could get us all organized.”
“Months,” John said, turning to look at it. “Not because of these murders specifically. I like to keep track of things. Just in case.”
Sherlock, who had remained soundless for the duration of time following the vampire attack and Mycroft hailing the cars, now spoke.
“Moriarty,” Sherlock added, clarifying.
“No.”
John ground his teeth together as the needle threaded through the skin of his arm.
“Molly?” Sherlock asked as the timid pathologist lowered the crossbow, which appeared comically oversized in her small hands.
Kneeling down and tilting his head, Sherlock looked closer, gingerly resting on his fingertips as he leaned in towards the body. The woman, who lay with her arms to either side of her body and her legs slightly curved and facing the same direction, looked unlike the still, almost peaceful corpses pictured in the previous crime scene photographs. The most notable difference was the presence of a physical wound – the lack of one having been the very thing that attracted Sherlock to the case in the first place – which took the form of a deep, wide gash running from under the right side of her jaw, down to the base of her neck. Ragged at the edges but remarkably pale, the wound issued lines of dried blood, which crisscrossed down her torn blouse like a spiderweb. Her mouth, slightly open, seemed just moments away from freeing a scream, and her eyes were unnaturally wide. The entire scene appeared to be infinitely more disturbing than the prior two, and John understood Lestrade's unease.
Comparatively, the Lindisfarne Gospels were less well guarded than the wing she was currently sitting in. Old books lined utilitarian steel shelves, and ancient manuscripts filled light- and temperature-controlled drawers. Bibles, tattered and bound in what looked suspiciously like flesh, were too numerous to count, while relatively new books containing information about vampires took up an entire wall to her right. Upon entering the room, Molly had even spotted a copy of Twilight. The library’s collection of vampire lore was nothing if not comprehensive.
John turned around rapidly in the direction the explosive had come from, and saw a group of ten men and women rushing into the vaults, geared up and pointing their weapons at the vampires in front of them. A man in the back of the line yelled “fire,” and immediately a dozen bullets, arrows, bolts, and nets of varying size flew across the vault, echoing in the small space.
Before he followed the others, John stepped towards her. “Do me a favour, all right Molly?”
John felt confident, but not certain, that whatever book Sebastian and company had used to raise their army was not the true Book of the Undead. However, that didn’t mean that they hadn’t worked a spell that held some kind of power to it. Indeed, loathe as he was to admit it, John knew a lot of vampire lore related to blood sacrifices and hierarchies. Knowing Jonathan did indeed participate in killing Dracula, it was quite possible that he was King - though that didn’t mean he’d be able to create daywalkers.
While enemy fighters were racing out of the compound, ignoring John in their midst, John couldn’t see the shape of any of his own men. Hoping against hope, he assumed that they had retreated to one of the underground shelters in the central courtyard. That was his instruction, always - structures can be rebuilt, objects can be repurchased, but your lives - undead or otherwise - are paramount. Still, though, John saw bodies lying in the dirt; bodies he recognized as friends. Far too many to turn, if he were even capable of such a thing; he had never tried. Assuming everyone went to ground, as directed, he would have no help from any of the vampires under his command in that regard.
“Agreed,” Greg said. Molly gave the next address, and they continued on. Much to Greg’s disappointment, the following three locations were equally disappointing. Two had buildings on them, but they were unguarded and appeared to house only the ground. The plot of land that didn’t have a structure on it seemed promising, but wound up being just as pointless as the others.
“Thoroughly,” Sherlock answered, kneeling down and gingerly picking up his phone, which had fallen into the dirt during the struggle.
When Mycroft came to, he became aware of a dull throbbing in his head. For the first time since being turned, he could feel pain. Excruciating pain, the sort of which cut beyond flesh. Daring to open one of the eyes he had been keeping pressed shut, he looked down towards the source of pain. Around either wrist, tied to the armrests of the chair he was now sitting in, were thin chains that seemed to radiate heat. As the fog in his head cleared, they came into focus.
John's nods stopped, his forehead crinkling in thought. “You dug me up anyways, didn't you?”
Sherlock spoke loud enough for Molly to hear. “What?”
“I'm afraid you're not that lucky.” Still baring his fangs, Thomas began to pace, walking in a half circle around John. “You should have killed me yourself when you had the chance.”He looked down at his phone again, tapping it with a manicured finger. “Which brings me to our next order of business, it seems. You're getting in my way. Would you care to end this properly, or will you insist on mortal weapons?”
“Are you all right?”
“So, partners. I'm assuming you mean the club welcomes both vampires and humans, then?”
Sherlock opened his phone, and began looking around to get his bearings. “I may have chosen the quietest hotel in the city – you're welcome. I don’t think any cabs have passed this hotel in the last decade.”
“That could mean many things.”
Before John could ask George if he agreed, he was interrupted.
“A vampire,” Sherlock answered without a hint of humour in his voice.
Mycroft nodded, keeping his eyes on the man ahead of him as he pulled out his own phone and turned from the group, speaking softly to one of his employees.
“It was worth a try,” John said as he took a step back. There was nothing nearby for him to use. Although he was confident he could subdue the vampire without a weapon, it would be at a greater cost than it had been to fight Thomas. Defending himself in an alleyway was relatively safe, all things considered; in the confined laboratory, his movements would risk not only his own safety, but Sherlock's. He clenched a fist as he readied himself to push Sherlock to the side, while the vampire stopped moving and narrowed its eyes, gazing hungrily at John's throat.
“What?” Greg asked. “They’re going to explain that vampires are now a factor in our cases?”
“Fine. Why?”
“Will you be able to deal with this? I have friends you could talk to if you like, they could help you wrap your head around what just happened,” John offered.
What John had thought would be a quick trip extended long past when he had expected to leave, and when he stepped outside, he saw the
It was past midnight by the time John and Sherlock began their final walk back to the hotel. John felt a bit disappointed - the sense of disquiet he had gotten when they initially arrived in Edinburgh was replaced by more of a dull sensation that something was wrong, but without any particulars. Once they slipped into their hotel room and accounted for half of the luggage, John felt like he had enough of a handle of the situation to talk to Sherlock.
Once all of Jane’s list had been entered, and the group could no longer put off discussing the next step, Greg and Molly looked to Mycroft, who had assumed the role of leader without needing to say anything. He stood, and pulled his handkerchief away, concealing it in his fist.
John wasn’t worried - he felt certain they had a few centuries to figure things out.
He stopped as though restrained by an invisible force.
Regaining his senses, Mycroft looked away from John and began to evaluate his  present situation as quiet minutes passed. Since he had lost consciousness, John had managed to move him into one of the sturdy wooden chairs that usually sat across from his desk on the other side of the room. John himself sat in one of the armchairs, and was sipping from the glass of scotch Mycroft had put down earlier. Although he considered moving his hands, he sensed that it would cause further pain and instead nodded down at his wrists“Why?”
At a door near the bottom, they paused, then pressed ahead.
Sebastian smiled. John didn’t notice how quickly that smile fell, the moment he looked away.
He returned to the present and looked up at Sherlock, who was looking at him intently. “Sorry, lost track of things a bit. Her shoulder's dislocated.”
John's expression was unreadable. Sherlock didn't like that – he preferred John to be expressive, even if that meant asking stupid questions, or becoming cross about Sherlock's lack of emotions towards victims. When John was silent, he felt almost out of his depth, and pitifully human. Almost.
John looked back at him, then at the other men, listening to the seconds on the clock tick by before he answered. “We can discuss this if you really want to one day, but at the moment we have other things to take care of.”
“Not quite,” John replied tersely. “Not one that ends without us killing some of these newborns.”
“Breathe, John, slowly,” he said, quietly. For possibly the first time in his life, Sherlock understood what John was experiencing. More remarkable still, he knew what to do.
Lestrade moved closer to the stones, while Molly glanced at the walls and eventually followed the DI’s lead. Mycroft, whose attention was caught by something else, walked over to the far side of the room, across from the others.
John looked at Mycroft in silence, and Sherlock began to look up at him from where he sat. Immediately John answered.
“Nor do I,” Sherlock agreed. The pair continued in silence until they reached the hotel again.
Mycroft raised a hand, and John stopped speaking. “I realize your request to avoid interrupting was given so recently, but are you speaking about the characters of
“You were out about twenty minutes,” John answered. “That's about as long as hemlock can be relied on.”
John smiled. “On the ride back you tried to convince the cabbie that he had a lost twin brother somewhere. Then you nearly vomited on him, so – all things considered – it could have been worse.”
“For God’s sake,” Sherlock said, dramatically rolling his eyes. With a flourish of his coat, he stepped forward and – before either quite recognized what was happening – tilted his head low enough to meet John’s lips in a kiss. Fuelled by Sherlock’s annoyance at first, the kiss gradually became overpowered by urgency as both men realized what was happening. Making the most of his height, Sherlock pressed John back towards the wall, and felt more in-control of his surroundings than he had in weeks.
“Now what?” Sherlock asked, falling back to walk alongside John.
Sherlock, whose arms were crossed across a fresh shirt – John imagined the other one, unsalvageable as it likely was, had been tossed right in the bin – looked down at John with narrow eyes and an expression that screamed 'danger.' “Are you going to explain, or are we going to stare at your gun until
Mycroft considered this, and John counted on him catching up without needing to explain everything. He slipped the bottle back in his pocket.
“To be completely accurate neither of you were exactly
“Dracula’s Book of the Undead,” John said, voice rough, as he looked between the men in front of him. He was angry - no - jealous? Yes, that was it. Not for the first time, but it was the first time he correctly identified the emotion as it related to Sherlock.
“Sarah Daniels, twenty-five,” Lestrade said, looking down at the tarp, which Sherlock was currently circling around, analyzing the surrounding area and making his initial observations. “She worked as a secretary at the Bank of England, and her flatmate reported her missing when she didn't come home after work last night.”
Sherlock, who was plugging one of the cameras into the USB drive of his laptop, seemed to realize at that moment that his brother was missing.
Slowly, he added, “Oh, and I’ve got the police detachment here on speed dial. What?” Sherlock had narrowed his eyes at him.
Instead of answering immediately, John gently cupped Sherlock’s face, and by instinct, Sherlock leaned in to it. He hadn’t realized how touch-starved he was until John came close.
John and Sherlock agreed, and began to leave. John stopped.
Lestrade heaved a sigh as he left the room, muttering about 'all the damn vampires,' followed by Mycroft who nodded at John. Although he would never say it, he was thankful that the doctor had been so discreet about his condition.
“Then you know that in this instance, your best option is silence. Consider what you saw merely another nightmare. Something that never took place.”
“I thought the rockfall at Valcea killed you.”
After some time, and a brief, very welcome period of silence, John heard Sherlock's voice calling from the kitchen. “How much blood can be lost by a human being before they lose consciousness? Simply to confirm.”
His destruction of choice that night was darts, which he directed towards a series of decorative milk bottles Mrs. Hudson had placed on the counter behind the sink. As she had put them there John knew they would wind up becoming victims of Sherlock's target practice, but didn't have the heart to inform his landlady that her homemaking would not be appreciated.
As the group hurried down the stairs, John locked the door and ran after them, muttering about the security deposit as he went. Once through the door, he saw Sherlock pull something from his coat and, with what appeared to be the press of a button, explosives near the edges of the windows went off, leaving a large cloud of grey smoke in their wake.
“What?”she asked, but he was already too far down the hall to hear her.
“You need to tell me the plan,” Sherlock stated.
“This could be worth it,” the older man said, and Molly could hear their voices trailing off.
Molly gave a short laugh. “Can I tell you something – if you promise not to arrest me?”
Sherlock realized another wave of panic was about to hit his friend.
“-What do you have?”
Sherlock spoke again, but quieter this time.
Sherlock, surrounded by a crowd now as well, aimed his gun and fired at the vampires, alternately gesturing with a stake to keep them at bay. He was assisted by Mycroft, who had now put some distance between himself and Harker, keeping one stake trained on Moriarty and another on the vampires in front of Sherlock.
“Half the battle is looking prepared,” John answered, pushing the door open with his shoulder as he pulled on a pair of gloves. “Your government influence – how fast could it get us a cab?”
“My dad spent most of his life hunting vampires, and he met my mum when he was in his twenties, at the height of his hunting career. He was more vicious then, less merciful – everyone is when they first start out. The first time you stake someone that's spent the night trying to kill you, it's like an instant hit of adrenaline. It isn't until you get older that you begin to notice the body count you've racked up. They had sworn off having kids altogether, knowing how stressful their jobs were, but then... Well, Harry happened. She traveled with my parents for the first five years of her life, until my mum became pregnant with me. Up until that point, my dad had more or less forgotten about the enemies he had made. He spent most of his time keeping vampire-human relations under control and tending to his medical practice. He only ever joined the front line when a major issue arose, or a council meeting was called.” He noticed a change in Sherlock's expression, but didn't elaborate.
“No, I wouldn't imagine so,” Sherlock said. “Did you frequent these clubs? They don't appear to appeal to you.”
“Ah, fuck off,” the shorter man said. “Wouldn’t have needed any stitches in the first place if you had called me earlier.”
“Perhaps you, John, could come on my brother's behalf,” he suggested, smiling serenely.
“Oh, come on,” he said, throwing the vampire off and baring his own fangs. “That’s just weird.”
“Call Lestrade in the morning, tell him I'll take the case,” Sherlock said, head bowed as he stared at a set of slides in front of his microscope. John, just grateful that his flatmate had taken an interest in the victims, didn't protest the order.
“You don’t think so? He’s pale. Tall.”
“Jesus, these are old,” Lestrade said as he kneeled down, tapping at the corner of the largest marble slab.
“Jesus Christ,” John said, laughing. He ran a hand through his sandy hair, leaving flecks of blood in it. “Well, as long as you can still talk.”He put a hand over Sherlock's on the cloth and lifted it up, noting the blood slowing. “I'll use some of my blood on those marks later. By morning you won't even notice them.”
The vampires slowly began turning their heads toward John, who had expected he could hold Harker at bay just a little longer.
"You're not particularly funny," John said, grimacing.
“Network?” Molly asked.
Sherlock and his brother weren't close – they had had many disagreements, some of which were serious enough to cause a permanent rift between them. But they were also related, and cared deeply for one another, proving so by their actions, if not by their words. While he was aware that Sherlock would never claim to be fond of his sibling, he also knew that he would take the death of his brother harder than anyone.
“I'm confident the chief of police won't try to arrest us, if that helps any,”Sherlock said, staring pointedly at Lestrade, who just sighed heavily. “See? He's fine with it. I haven't left anything sensitive to the case. Let's go.”
John glanced up and put his pen down, surprised that Sherlock was willing to delve into the topic in the enclosed space of the train carriage – an aggressive tactic even for the consulting detective.
“Each individual lost over sixty percent of their blood,” Sherlock added, waiting for John to catch up. After a few seconds, he did.
Gabriel considered the meaning of John’s words, then nodded once. “I’ll have guards posted immediately, Captain.”
Sherlock smirked. “I knew there was a reason I kept you around.” Tossing John's coat to him, he headed down the stairs and to the street, followed closely behind by his blogger.
“We’ll help him out,” Gabriel said, bruised and bloodied, but still living, gesturing at himself and Arturo. Together, they lifted Sebastian by either arm and followed Greg out the door. Gabriel paused before exiting entirely.
“What kind of theory, exactly?" The detective inspector asked again, crossing his arms.
“This will hurt, you know,” John said.
“Going to take care of me?” Sherlock said, smirking, as he sidled over while he reloaded his gun.
“That’s… remarkably promising,” John assented.
He led the way upstairs, and immediately took the second flight up to John’s room. John, yawning, entered the sitting room, and had to blink for a few moments to adjust to the darkness. Black curtains had been thrown over the drapes across the windows. The kitchen was equally dark, and in his haste to see Greg, John nearly tripped over a footstool.
“And you didn’t think to tell me sooner?” Sherlock asked, turning on John.
“Let’s not think of it that way,” Sherlock murmured, breath tickling John's ear. He stepped back and surveyed John. “I doubt you came here to have a quiet moment.”
,' recited a dull voice from the depths of his memory. He was always surprised what his mind chose to remember – he distinctly recalled deleting the musings of poets. Evidently it hadn't worked. It seemed to be developing into a problem in recent months, and when he thought about it – when he had time to – he worried that he would lose room for more valuable thoughts. Nevertheless, despite his conscious protestations, in the middle of a case, he would find himself suddenly contemplating the shape of the moon, or a detailed recipe for scones. A math equation, the Canadian national anthem.
The cab rolled to a stop in front of them, and Sherlock gave the address of a quiet, rundown hotel ten minutes away. John was continually surprised by the veritable encyclopaedia his friend kept in his head.
“No,” John agreed. “But I know that I'll have to. I haven't forgotten. I'm going to meet someone I served with this evening, actually. An old friend of mine.”John's phone, which sat on the coffee table, vibrated quietly as though to confirm this. “I'm hoping a meeting will be able to shed some light on some of the things that have happened in the last twenty-four hours.”
“You said it again.
“You could die,” John warned.
John shook his head. “Jane’s off-base for the weekend.”
There was a silence between them for a moment, and only the sound of John shuffling papers around could be heard. John looked at the photographs below him, and decided on an answer that Sherlock may understand.
“If I know vampires – and I do, they're predictable – on a Friday night they should be at King and St. Michael's.”
“Well, we’ve been at this all morning, Doctor,” Sherlock said, stopping in view of the parliament building. “What’s your verdict?”
“It’s been a century!” John said, finally raising his voice. “Things have changed!”
“Where's Sherlock's brother?” Lestrade asked John, who was looking out the window.
“Do you... hear anyone being murdered?” Lestrade asked John while the Holmes brothers walked ahead of them, looking down the dark roads around them.
Mycroft watched him, listening as well for a sound it seemed only John could hear.
He paused. There were some secrets he was far too used to keeping.
The DI looked at John with surprise. “I’m doing more for my kids here than I would be back home. Trust me.”
Pulling out their weapons, the pair slowly walked back in the direction they had come from. “If he’s like the others – like the other vampires, the ones that attacked us… Will we shoot him?”
“Is Mycroft with her?”
“We’ll need to practice, then,” Sherlock answered, this time tilting his head slightly.
Gabriel grinned and extended a hand. “I’ve read about you in the paper.”
“Are you going to tell me I’m remarkable?” Sherlock said, practically purring as he ran a hand across John’s chest.
As the clock struck seven, John stood from his chair and stretched, yawning as he turned slowly from side to side, trying to will the feeling back into his limbs. Shrugging on his nearest jacket, he slipped his wallet into his back pocket and turned to his friend.
“Fourteen days until the next new moon,”Sherlock said. “Whoever sent this one knew its messenger would be killed. They just needed to pass the number along.”
Greg stopped and stared at him, mouth pursed. “Seriously?”
“Not yet,” Sherlock replied, eyes still focused on the screen. John sat up and leaned over behind Sherlock’s shoulder, eyes glancing across what he was working on. His body, warm from sleep, radiated on Sherlock’s back, and the detective stirred uncomfortably. John’s breath passed by the nape of his neck gently, and he felt himself stiffen.
With eyes rimmed in red, and the sunken appearance John knew signified a vampire that hadn't fed in far too long, the creature slowly walked forward. Its head tilted to the side and its yellowing teeth dripping bloody saliva, the creature observed John and Sherlock, who were both stepping as far towards the back of the room as they could.
“Behind you,” Sherlock said, unfazed, as he ducked down, narrowly missing the stake Mycroft sent flying through the head of the vampire beside him. “I haven’t seen this much legwork from you in years, brother mine,” he commented, running around the horde of newborn vampires towards  his brother, who had picked up weapons from the pile that had been confiscated from Sherlock, Greg, and John.
,” she said as she leaned forward towards Lestrade, running her tongue over a sharp white fang.
“Mycroft,” Greg called as he stood and turned around, finally prying his eyes from the illegible epitaph. Mycroft continued to stare in the opposite direction. Greg began to walk across the warehouse floor towards the other man, stopping halfway to him. “Mycroft?"
“Look, I've received orders from above, and I'm going to have to -”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “Did you date her?”
“Do you hear that?”
“And we're really not going to get anything else out of you tonight?”
“That choice was made for me a long time ago,” John replied. “Threatening me won't change what you've done – or what you are.”
“Dracula is dead,” John said, firmly, and with a great deal of harshness in his voice.
“Yes.”
Tired, and having spent hours walking and examining every possible rock with a suspicious silhouette, the group headed to the fifth address. This location was farther from the city than the others, but necessary to see for the sake of being thorough. Without much optimism about it, Molly, Greg, and Lestrade made their way to the entrance of a massive warehouse, set apart from the other buildings on the street.
and overwhelmed by the scent of the blood where his nails had pierced the skin of John's arm through his jumper
“Crawling with tourists - it’s a big spot for ghost hunters,” John said, trying not to roll his eyes.
Some part of him knew that he was supposed to lead his team in protecting the base, rather than meet with his wife, but a feeling of unease continued to gnaw at him. Protecting the base and seeing why Mary had returned now, in the middle of a war, seemed to be two sides of the same coin. Running up the stairs towards the rooftop passed in a blur, and very shortly he was heaving himself through the heavy door to the outdoors. From above the crowds below, the night almost seemed pleasant. The skies in the desert were spectacular even on an ordinary night, but it was especially breathtaking without the light pollution that usually emanated from the camp. Mary’s pale body seemed to glow with starlight.
“You,” Jane said, her voice hardly more than a whisper. “Well. I should have seen that coming.”
“Boys, no need to fight,” a lilting voice called from a distant vault. A slightly unhinged laugh echoed through the caverns, and Sherlock’s eyes blew wide. As his heart began to beat twice as fast, he flashed back to Baskerville, remembering how deeply his fear of Moriarty ran, no matter how much he tried to deny it.
“Technically, I always have been,” John said, lowering his hand and sitting forward to stare at the map again. Charles was correct when he said that John was betting an awful lot of lives on a gut instinct.
“Oh, that,” he said, laughing and placing it on the table beside him, ignoring the question. “Right, then. Silly theory anyways, shall we go?” He asked Mycroft, and made his way for the door.
“I've got an army waiting to back me up. It doesn't even matter if you kill me-”the vampire said.
“Did you know her?”
“Eat your toast, then you'll have both,” John ordered in his best captain's voice, sipping on his own cup of coffee.
During their last case, the pair had spent the day chasing after a criminal who had stolen paintings from one of the city's museums. It wasn't Sherlock's usual kind of project, but the detective inspector was unusually desperate, and the consulting detective had taken pity on him. He had, of  course, made sure that the pictures they were looking for weren't forgeries – after the last incident with stolen artwork, the fake Vermeer, John had decided that both of them had suffered enough for the sake of London's art community. What was supposed to be a simple deduction about the whereabouts of the paintings had stretched into a day long journey, requiring John and Sherlock to run back and forth across London, getting caught in rainstorms every so often, trying to catch the surprisingly fast thief. It was an absolute miracle that neither of them had slipped and broken a bone or caught a cold; John imagined that only death would have kept Sherlock from finishing the case, though even that wasn't certain. Twelve hours later, tired and wet, they had returned home, a bit worse for wear, and in need of some tea. Unfortunately, because he hadn't been particularly interested by the case, Sherlock's period of satisfaction following its completion was very brief.
Sherlock looked out the window, his face difficult to read. John would call it a look of melancholy, if he thought his friend to be capable of it. At the very least, he was frustrated. After a minute of silence, he spoke.
Sherlock paused, and glanced up at the wall clock. “Four thirty.”
“No,” John said, trying to swallow the lump in his throat. “That’s not possible, I would know. I wouldn’t have let it – this can’t –“
“Oh, God. I’ve just called back an entire army and I don’t have a plan yet,” John said, watching Sherlock as he slipped past. Sherlock headed towards the kitchen table, letting go of his load of cameras and opening up his computer.
“There we go,” the voice said, and roughly pushed John forward. The vampires followed, and the group was slowly led to the centre of the high-ceilinged vault, walking between the graves. An oak desk, incongruous on the packed earth floor, sat among the graves, knickknacks and papers strewn across it. “We’ve got guests,” the voice called. After that, there was silence.
John’s face crumpled. He felt as though a vice had closed on his throat. Accepting Mary having become a vampire, that would have been fine, more or less – at the very least, she would have something new in common with her in-laws, and John would be happy to provide her with blood. That was a reality he had pondered, considered it a plausible option for extending their time together. Accepting this reality was not possible. He had seen her only a few weeks prior, happy and alive. Prepared to take on a solo mission. How could he have sent her to death without seeing the dangers beforehand? John attempted to recover his emotion and squared his shoulders.
“People do talk,” Sherlock replied, shaking the outstretched hand.
The older man chuckled. “He'll live. You just find a new normal. Everyone does.”
“To put the thought of the undead in the consciousness of society.” John leaned back and moved his hands as he spoke. “The best defence against vampires has always been knowledge, and knowing how to protect yourself. Once the threat of the undead reached England, it was agreed that the country, those the hunters had vowed to protect, had to at least know what would be coming for them. They assumed, rightly so, that as the world grew and people spread out, the vampires would as well, and areas that once were free of the undead – like England – would soon have more than it could handle. They also agreed that this would mean a new manner of hunting would be necessary. One that focused not on hunting all vampires, but those who seemed intent on causing destruction and death. It was Abraham's personal belief that, as time wore on, a balance could be struck, and humans and vampires could live in peace.”
“You were bleeding out in the sand,” Sherlock said, never one to accept modesty even in the least emotionally charged of situations.
“Anagram of what?” Greg asked, finally.
,' John thought to himself. He could almost feel his brain rewiring itself  as it tried to acknowledge that fact. Barring anything spectacular, someone – or something – had killed Mycroft Holmes. He still walked and, presumably, spoke, the way he had in life, but he was no longer alive; he was something else completely. He was a vampire. '
“Didn’t seem…?” Sherlock stepped towards John.
Spit flew from the mouth as the vampire continued to bite at the air, trying to break free.
That night John tossed and turned, the sounds of the city almost unbearable, with every siren a distressed wail. When he did eventually fall asleep, he found himself running from the black and red stained images in his mind, sure of nothing but the presence of blood.
Sherlock shook his head. “No, but maps are rarely as powerful as the human eye.” Sherlock pulled a pair of leather gloves out of his breast pocket and pulled them on. Shall we?”
Sherlock couldn't tell.
Molly looked back at him for a moment, then at the building across from them.
“That’s it?”
“Except for Sherlock,” she answered.
“Give him a moment,” John answered, arms crossed as he looked up and down the street. He had sworn he had heard something earlier – just a shuffle on a faraway rooftop – but he wasn't sure, and wanted to continue listening.
“My humour is wasted on you,” Sherlock said, turning back to his work as John moved towards the other side of the table, picking up a file and unclipping a map from where it had been tacked on to a wall. “What are you doing?”
Sebastian shrugged, and pulled another stitch through. “You’re the captain, Captain. Try asking Jane.”
“What's happening on the new moon?”Molly asked, and the men looked up at her from beside the body.
“Because you knew the chance of him dying was high. And you suspected the strength of our...of the bond.”
He feels Victor pull away, opens his eyes, and...nothing. It’s the same dead, gray world it was before Victor kissed him. Victor’s face is an expression of shattered love and disappointment. Sherlock imagines he must look very much the same.
“All right John?”
Sherlock rolls so he can see the light from the street lamps ghosting through the windows. He feels John settle in behind him.
“This is intolerable. I won’t play it.”
“Watson, John. Clarinet.”
He keeps looking until ‘John’ closes his own fist over Sherlock’s erection. Sherlock’s hand falls away, his hips jump, and he bites back a moan. His eyes snap to ‘John’s’ and he finds the other man smiling. Not the fake, flirtatious so many other men employ while at the baths but something aggressive and far more genuine.
John’s brow wrinkles a bit. He looks to a relatively clean corner of the sitting room where Rosie has been sleeping in a travel cot for a couple of hours. Her life is never going to be free of danger, that’s decided now, so why worry about exposing her to a bit of a mess? Mycroft’s engineers have assured them the building is structurally sound.
“I believe so.”
When John is just a few steps behind him, Sherlock opens the sitting room door and strides inside. It takes John just a few extra seconds to join him. Sherlock heart skips a beat seeing John standing among the detritus of his hasty unpacking. John could belong here, following him home everyday.
John keeps nudging him, pushing him back to make more room on the bed. Sherlock only moves because John follows him immediately, leaving only a few inches of space between them. The sheet is wrinkled and bunched uncomfortably underneath them and Sherlock wants to close the gap between them to better feel John’s heat against his skin.
He feels the lingering desire of the stranger’s gaze and he dips his head lower, until his nose touches the water. The stranger raises his hips, giving Sherlock another inch or two he can work into his mouth. Sherlock’s hands slide from the stranger’s knees to grip his hips, to urge him to thrust in and out.
“You will suffer for this. Let me find-”
That could end all of Sherlock’s grand hopes before they even get off the ground. “Anderson won’t work with me.”
Several deep breaths through his nose, with his eyes squeezed shut, allow Sherlock enough presence of mind to think. To really think about the situation.
Mike’s round face breaks out into a smile again. “Besides, you do need a flatmate.”
He even believes it when the colours go away. He opens his eyes one morning and they’re just gone; the world is all shades of grey with no hints of crimson or lemon even in the corner of his vision. He cries that morning and his mum tells him it’ll be okay, the colours will come back even better and brighter when he meets his soulmate. That first touch of skin to skin will bring all the colours to his sight, in all their full hues and shades.
“You know how they never leave notes?”
“Are you sure? Not even a street name?”
“How do you know I almost died?”
There’s only one outstanding issue.
His tongue snaked out to lick across Sherlock’s hole. The moan Sherlock let out echoed against Notre-Dame’s stone walls.
It wasn’t perfect, obviously. Cues were missed and tempo is lost in trickier places, but it’s nothing that can’t be fixed with some work. Sherlock loves the work. The beauty of breaking down a composition, even one as uninspired as their new piece, into its parts and then bringing it back together again in harmony.
Oh, and the baths are an excellent memory.
It’s an invitation but not an aggressive one.
“Come on. Shift’s almost over and you’re exhausted. Let’s go get a cuppa and maybe things won’t seem so bleak after you’ve slept on it. All right?” Stamford’s arm is stretched out to guide John out of the room, just like they would an upset family member. Since Sherlock is unequivocally John’s soulmate, that’s what he is now. As good as family.
John goes stiff against Sherlock’s body and his cock twitches before he comes. John shoots come across Sherlock’s belly before he grabs Sherlock by the wrist. Sherlock stops moving and the last bits of John’s release leaks across his fingers. He wants to taste it, to rub it into his skin, but mostly he wants to mark John in the same way that he now feels marked.
The rapid pant of John’s breath on his neck and the shaking in John’s arms as they lock around him seem to throw that conclusion in doubt.
The detective sighs and scrubs a hand through his hair. “Thank you for your time.” He makes to leave the room but Sherlock doesn’t let him get that far.
They’d done this, or close enough to this, before. Sherlock let John hold him there, cock across his tongue but not so deep that he was gagging on it. He didn’t try to take John in again. Instead, Sherlock sucked just enough to  hollow his cheeks. The salty taste of John’s pre-come leaked out across his tongue in that beat of stillness before John took over. That stillness was like the edge of Barts's roof. For a moment, he balanced there. There was no fear, no uncertainty, only John above him.
Back to the baths it is. Maybe the steam can at least hide how tedious life is.
“Good.” John tugs him forward by the wrist and this time Sherlock lets himself be drawn to John. Their lips meet softly and press together without urgency. It’s chaste and sweet and Sherlock’s stomach flutters at the promise in it.
John looks down at his cane when Sherlock pauses to take a breath. It’s embarrassing and he hates it but surely Sherlock wouldn’t hold it against him, not if they were soulmates? But now John truly is getting ahead of himself.
“Not a fortune teller. I see things, I observe, and I know what others wish to keep hidden.” Sherlock took a step toward him. It felt predatory and John’s cock twitched in his breeches. He stood his ground. “That’s how I know you are a soldier, a captain home from war--”
“Are you sure?”
John broke under the silence first. “Sherlock, I don’t need much. Not declarations or labels or any of that, but I do need to know where I stand. You-” He was pointing at Sherlock now, and that was never a good sign. “You know I’ll continue this, whatever it is, no matter what you answer. As long as you want to. I just, I need to know.”
John’s hand closes around his cock, as best it can through his pants anyway, and squeezes lightly. “You’re making it really hard to go slowly,” John groans.
The stranger licks his lips in quick, short movements and Sherlock has never liked the phrase “played like a damn fiddle” but sometimes it’s appropriate.
This was too much too fast. John needed distance.
***************
He’s stiff, he’s sore, and he feels chewed up and spat back out again.
John smiles back at him. “Knew you’d get there eventually. I thought we might go to Angelo’s, you can deduce passersby to impress me, then we can come home and watch a movie.”  John steps closer, around the dead pig on the table, to stand just in front of Sherlock. His voice pitches lower. “And then we can go to bed, without any little ears listening in.”
“It’s a Wednesday.” John blinks at him confusedly.
John hadn’t been looking for a soulmate for Jeanette, not really. But now he was even more convinced that there was no person out there for him. He had to make his own way in the world and take what little happiness he could find wherever he could find it. Jeanette became a blip in a string of short lived, but fun, casual relationships. John believes that almost all of the time, but there’s still a tiny spark of hope in his overly large heart.
“Where?”
“What’s new about this one? You wouldn’t have come to get me if there wasn’t something different.”
Instead, he settles Rosie against his chest while the water runs from the tap in the kitchen. She sighs a little and presses her face against the cool fabric of his dressing gown. Good. He’d chosen the right dressing gown.
But there’s also a slight hitch in Sherlock’s shoulders when Mike says John’s name. It’s tiny, so tiny John would have missed it entirely if he didn’t feel completely in sync with Sherlock’s being. But Sherlock couldn’t have known his name. Could he? Did he find out after John fled from his bedside?
“The return of my colour vision, and the work it enabled, was more than an adequate substitute for cocaine.”
John must feel the same because he makes no move to change their position and they’ve gotten quite good at kissing in the last few weeks. But always in the light, in the noise of the flat, and with their clothes on. Sherlock might prefer it this way though.
“Good morning, sleepy head. Feeling better?”
He loved the army. Loved serving king and country, but there was something different about a city as majestic as Paris being turned over to the riff raff, even for just a short time. Power and impunity flowed from the mansions to the streets and the rich hid themselves away while the poor crowned their own temporary king.
John hisses in a breath and Sherlock thinks he may run right then. Well, as much as a man with a psychosomatic limp can run. “Ah, so you…you know then?”
“Oh for god’s sake.” Sherlock pulls back and twists his face into a disbelieving grimace. “Yes, of course. Have been since that night. I don’t even smoke.”
“Who would want me as a flatmate?” John can hear the pathetic edge in his own voice but he’s too emotionally exhausted to care. The cane in his hand feels like a dead weight holding him down.
He stares. Looks at those now closed eyes and feels nothing but a bone-deep weariness.
Sherlock wrapped an arm around John’s waist and drew him close. “Only today. He knows no one else will be here during the Feast of Fools, and he owes me.”
Before John has released the last note, Sherlock is up, climbing over the seats to get to the stage. Lestrade grabs his ankle to tug him back.
“Christ, Mike. I’d stopped looking, you know? And then, he’s… he’s this.”
“So, your soulmate doesn’t like that you’ve been removed from your normal duties but you don’t care. You’re happy about it.”
“Which was it? Afghanistan or Iraq?”
Sherlock looks back to John’s phone and the feeling is gone. For just a split second, John was sure Sherlock knew who he was. But that certainty is gone as quickly as it came upon him.
Sherlock doesn’t dignify that with a response. Instead, he makes it down one riser before another fact about ‘John’ slots into place. His hands, his callouses. Sherlock whirls around.
John doesn’t lack for interested company through his adolescence. As soon as the girls in his year start losing their colours, they seek him out despite parental warnings that finding your soulmate is something intimate and precious. It is not to be rushed, and only to be undertaken when a person is ready. Some just want to hold his hand to see if their colours come back, but it never works. John’s heard of, and even seen once, childhood friends who lose their colours but immediately get them back in their own private explosion of light just behind their eyelids the next time they innocently brush bared arms with their best friend.
He grinned. That was the first step to begging.
Sherlock wanted to reach out, to touch John’s hand or hair or any part of him he could reach. But this was still too new to risk. He could pull away some invisible scab and they could bleed out before they have their chance. “You don’t have to tell me. I know.”
Sherlock looks up, tearing his eyes away from the view of John’s cock in his fist. John’s eyes are heavy lidded, his lips are bitten red, and there’s a sheen of sweat across his brow. He’s on the edge of shaking apart, Sherlock realizes. John is going to come, come apart, in his hand and only because Sherlock is touching him. John wants to come like this. He wants to come with Sherlock. The power in that gives Sherlock a giddy head rush. He almost giggles but he puts himself back to his task.
“And prove yourself. And as soon as it’s not working out anymore, you’re done.” Lestrade is pointing a finger in his face now and Sherlock has to bite the inside of his cheek to keep from grinning.
“We can try it here for a bit first,” Sherlock whispers over her head.
“Sherlock…” John breathes out before he starts to lean into Sherlock’s space even more.
There was one woman, Jeanette, during his second year of med school. He met her at a cafe, practically dumped his coffee on her in the morning rush hour crowd. Jeanette didn’t hold out hope for a soulmate either so they didn’t wait long to touch skin to skin. John appreciated that Jeanette didn’t put a lot of ceremony to it like some people. She just kissed him. They saw sparks but no colours, as the saying goes.
“Yes, I was wanted for witchcraft because the populace of Paris is made up of idiots.”
There’s a flicker of interest from the detective, but it disappears quickly. “Right, Mr. Holmes, can you tell me who you purchased the drugs from?”
“Sometimes. Not often before, but more now.” It’s an inelegant, imprecise answer and Sherlock hates it but it’s the best he can do at the moment.
John gave two hard thrusts then stopped again. He reached for Sherlock’s cock instead. He stroked just once then settled his hand at the base with a gentle squeeze. “No, Sherlock. That’s what I want to think about when I come. But you know what? I think you want something else.”
Mrs. Hudson is out, Molly’s at the morgue, and there’s no time to call anyone else. So Sherlock must go alone.
“Yeah, that’s not exactly how that works.”
Even with the use of his mind palace, Sherlock doubts he’ll forget the feeling of John curled behind him, both of them stripped down to their pants. The fronts of John’s thighs cradle the backs of his. They’re so warm. Much warmer than he would have expected. They burn against him.
Sherlock looks up and finally locks eyes with John. The room is utterly still and quiet. John’s eyes are the blue of the deep ocean. Sherlock’s never seen the ocean at that depth but he knows it would feel like drowning. He feels like he’s drowning now.
Sherlock spent the next two years falling, as if he’d just tipped over the edge, buoyed up by words left unsaid but waiting for the impact.
“Yes, gone, I can see full colours again.”
“I had heard rumours about a monster who lived in the belfry, but I thought he was supposed to be too hideous to be seen by decent people. That’s certainly not you.”
Three and a half minutes later, a mug of chamomile is set on the table in front of him as John gingerly sits next to him. John inches his way onto the sofa until his back is resting against the cushions. He doesn’t want to jostle the furniture and wake Rosie.
“Take me on? I didn’t need a childminder!”
“Sorry?”
“You should let Claire pick your ties. She’s better at it.”
“I did invite you to move in with me.”
“Well that’s cheery.”
John volunteers for nighttime patrols now. He used to just sneak out of his tent and stare up at the sky, at the beautiful fabric of pin prick lights, for hours. He used to lie to himself and say that it was because the night sky was just black and white, that it was like having his old vision back, in a time before he knew that Sherlock Holmes existed and before he felt hollow and empty all the time.
They stand like that for a moment, quietly both looking down at Rosie’s bent head.
Direct stimulation does seem to have an effect.
There’s a sleepy murmur from the other side of the bed.
“Oh,” Sherlock relaxes back in the bed and waves a hand lazily around his head. “Mine are so boring. Mismeasured some illegal drugs by accident, I’m so sorry, I’ll never do it again, blah blah blah. But you, you’re much more interesting. Whatever you did was enough to get a shit assignment for one, no, two months but not enough to actually get demoted. So tell me, Detective Sergeant Lestrade,
This irritating blissful domestic life they’ve settled into scratches an itch Sherlock didn’t realize he had. It’s a solid base, a type of security he had always shied away from, and the danger they face makes the quiet moments with John and Rosie all the sweeter. It’s given him a purpose outside himself.
“Yes, I did. And it’s because of that I was able to get to you so quickly today.”
Sherlock opens the cot again. He has to bump it with his hip to get it to open completely. That jostles Rosie a bit and she squirms against him. Sherlock tucks his lips close to her ear and murmurs a bit to soothe her. He’s discovered it doesn’t matter what he says, just the sound or resonance of his voice makes her calm. She doesn’t really wake up but she does leave a trail of something wet on Sherlock’s shoulder. That would have upset him once upon a time. He presses a kiss to the soft hair just above her ear.
“Yeah, I know. But some changes can be slow. So we don’t get it wrong and do something we can’t fix, all right?” John’s still smiling up at him but there’s a hint of trepidation there.
John surges forward and kisses him. It’s hot and sloppy and Sherlock thinks he accidentally bites the edge of John’s tongue a bit. They are both panting when John pulls away. He grabs the elastic of Sherlock’s pants and tugs.
Sherlock’s answer is definite and the strength of it even surprises himself. He’s not done being hurt by John’s original abandonment, but Sherlock has him here now. He’d be a fool to let that go. It’s not something he knows logically, or can even deduce by how closely they’re standing together or by how comfortable John looks standing in the (
Sherlock laughs. He can’t help it really. “Of course you are.”
“I play the violin when I’m thinking. Sometimes I don’t talk for days on end.” Sherlock stops clattering away on the lab’s computer to look at John. “Would that bother you? Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other.”
“Is that what?”
Victor pulls back even farther and Sherlock wants to grab at him, tell him to try again, maybe the colours just need some time to come back after being gone for so long. He doesn’t. His hands stay folded neatly in his lap.
“John, we agreed.”
But today Lestrade had called Sherlock out on a manhunt. They needed him to predict where a murderer would run with the police hot on his trail.
“John, please. More,” Sherlock begs.
Instead of answering Sherlock’s question, John grabbed his shoulders and spun them around. He pinned Sherlock to the balustrade. “I want to fuck you.”
The man turned and John was finally able to see his eyes. They were as grey and clouded as the January sky. His lips were pale, rose pink, and John licked his own lips when he imagined how they must taste.
Lestrade’s saying his name again but Sherlock is trying to lurch toward the kerb. Lestrade’s hand on his shoulder slows him down but he must get home. He has no idea what he’ll do there but being out in the open, exposed while the smell of blood and the vision of grey-tinged sand is still fresh in his mind, is unbearable.
The bolt of clarity, of knowing for sure what is going on here, isn’t as stark or commanding as it usually is, but at least Sherlock can think through the pain in his chest. “You got to the crime scene awfully quickly.”
“Full colour vision, but acquired later in life than anticipated. Likely by accident. Soulmate is…” Sherlock’s voice trails off and his eyes go wide. He takes half a step back, away from John, and it’s all John can do not to press forward to follow him.
Victor’s gloves are already off, lying on the kitchen worktop while he dealt with the washing up, so it would be the most efficient for the two of them to just reach out and touch hands. Barely a press of palms is all it would take to know for sure.
Lestrade is speaking to him but he can’t make out the words. Lestrade is frowning, and his lips are moving, but all Sherlock can hear is the rush of blood in his own ears. His arms are hugged tight around his middle and he still can’t pull down a satisfactory breath. He stares up at Lestrade and his vision starts to blank out.
“It’s gone.”
“Yeah, I know.” He bounces Rosie a bit. Unnecessary, she’s perfectly content to look between them as they talk in hushed tones.
The first clarinet is bad but not as offensive as the flutes had been. Sherlock has his head tipped back against the auditorium seat, eyes closed, and slouched as low as he can go before bumping his knees into the row in front of him.
It was good to be home.
He rises from the water, walking up the stairs and out of the pool without even bothering to wipe a hand across his mouth. The stranger grabs his wrist and Sherlock pauses, water only reaching his knees and his own hard cock arching out from his belly.
He strolled the streets, taking his time to soak in the city at its best, but he had always had a destination in mind. The one place that rose untouched above the chaotic city. Her beauty and grace outlasted the ebb and flow of changing social tides. Notre-Dame.
They also
“Yes.” Sherlock’s heart gives a traitorous kick of joy at John’s acceptance. “Yes, I think so. My thoughts precisely.” He spins around to take in what is one step closer to being their new home. Their first home. “So I want straight ahead and moved in.”
Perhaps relative sexual experience wasn’t the right variable to use. It’s not as if Sherlock has no sexual experience. There was Irene, but that was more like an experiment between two curious parties. There was something detached about it, even if Sherlock did gain knowledge there that makes him feel more confident in bed with John.
“Welcome home, Captain.”
“You don’t mean that.” Mycroft’s voice is quiet, but with a cutting edge. Sherlock never did know when to leave well enough alone.
“Go. We’ll be here when you get back. Call if you need a consult.” John’s smile is tight and Rosie wiggles against his hip. Even she’s unhappy and she doesn’t understand what’s going on.
Mycroft’s anger falls into resignation as he pinches the bridge of his nose. “Have it your way. You always do.” Mycroft stands, brushes at his trousers like this conversation has somehow dirtied him. “There’s a detective to see you. When he’s done taking your statement, the hospital will release you and you’ll be taken to an inpatient drug treatment facility.”
***************
He turns back to Lestrade. “Detective Inspector Lestrade, my assistant, Dr. John Watson.”
Sherlock nods. John still questions his care of Rosie. Questions if it’s an imposition, if Sherlock is really fine with lending his support. He’s more than fine. It’s one of the things he’s come to cherish most in the world. But the thought of telling John that makes his mouth go dry and a lump stick in his throat.
Sherlock pauses, an increasingly familiar shiver of anxiousness crawling up his spine. Many things that would have bothered him before are now fine. Things he never would have done are routine. But that means some things which were fine before are now laced with new meaning, with the possibility of all going wrong.
Those words burned like acid through Sherlock’s breastbone. The clatter of his phone on the rooftop barely registered as he spread his arms wide. He kept John’s eye, because that was necessary. It was part of the plan for John to stay exactly where he was, and Sherlock keeping their gazes locked would guarantee that. And, anyway, how could Sherlock look away at a time like that.
“Christ.” Lestrade pinches the bridge of his nose. “Will you come?”
John had a point there. It hadn’t been completely pain free but Sherlock had thrived in his independence. He had gone from a listless drug addict to the only consulting detective in the world. Would he have been able to do that with John by his side? Possibly, but he’ll never know for sure.
“No. No, it’s fine.” John smiles and it’s a slow, steadily dawning sun across his face. Sherlock is completely pulled in. He steps to the mantel and attempts to tidy just to give his hands something to do other than reaching out to John.
about this man.
His bed had been pushed from the wall and ended up halfway across the room with an impressive crack down the headboard. It will need to be replaced but the mattress is intact and Mrs. Hudson brought him clean sheets hours ago when he indicated he would stay at Baker Street.
life, he thinks, when a bullet tears through his shoulder. Shot from behind while trying to put an American sergeant’s guts back in his skin.
John hit him chest to chest, ungracefully, and they stumbled back onto the sofa. Sherlock threw an arm out, by reflex, to catch himself but only ended up hitting his elbow painfully against the wood frame of the sofa through a lumpy cushion. He landed sprawled out with John on top of him. John’s kisses were rough, biting, but Sherlock wanted it like that. He pushed back with all that he had and John met him equally.
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
“Try like you’ve been trying? No luck, then brother? You thought you had a promising candidate and you waited, you waited weeks to touch and then nothing. You thought you could still make a go of it. What are soulmates in the face of tepid compatibility and shared goals? But she wasn’t interested. She left you.”
Sherlock shatters a mostly-empty tea cup by pitching it against the door frame, even though he knows Lestrade is long gone.
Sherlock did reach out then. He couldn’t stop himself. His fingertips brushed the soft skin on the inside of John’s elbow. “I’m sure.”
the ambiance are what kept him coming back. Public saunas and baths without a ridiculous membership fee are hard to find, and everyone here is discreet. The baths attract mostly men who are athletic which, if Sherlock were in a mood to seek intimate company, is exactly what he would look for. They also tend to be far enough from his own social and professional circle that his privacy is virtually guaranteed.
“Brixton, Lauriston Gardens.”
“Nope.” Sherlock pops the “p” sound and discovers he is having a shocking amount of fun right now, actually.
) when the issue finally comes to a head.
Sherlock loses himself to the rhythm of it. To the melody of sucking a stranger’s cock in a crowded bath while other men watch. Strangely, he’s only vaguely aware of the other men in the water and those walking past the warm pool to the other amenities and dark nooks and crannies in the bath house. The world has narrowed down to just him, to just his work as he brings off the oddly compelling man who is out of his depth more figuratively than literally.
Sherlock lets his hand rub across his belly, fingers scratch low through his pubic hair before sliding wide and ghosting down his thigh. His hand traces back up, cupping his balls for a moment this time, before settling back on his stomach.
“You’ll have to stay off the drugs.”
“Have you sought sanctuary here?”
Maybe his conclusion about who was more likely to be overcome was correct after all. Though, Sherlock is not as hard as John is. He has an erection but his cock feels plump or full rather than hard. Direct stimulation would increase his pleasure and make him harder. Maybe that’s the difference between their reactions and not the relative measure of sexual experience. Sherlock rocks his hips forward and back to rub against John’s cock.
He dropped Sherlock’s cock and grabbed him by the hips. “Stroke your cock and come all over the stones of Our Lady while all of Paris watches you.”
The man is naked but obviously not entirely comfortable with it. He stops only partly into the pool and sits on the wide cement stairs. The water circles his waist. There’s a couple on the opposite side of the bottom stair. The stranger watches them halfheartedly.
He doesn’t remember it, not exactly, but it’s like he knows. Like it’s burned into him somehow, that moment when his soulmate first touched him.
John’s seen Sherlock’s (and how easy it was to think of him by his first name, like they’ve been friends for ages) arms. The inside of his left elbow is covered with scabs and scars. This wasn’t out of character. This was the near fatal culmination of a daily habit. John looks up, deliberately at Stamford and not at Sherlock. “I can’t, Mike.”
Sherlock wills him.
John rubs the heel of hand across his brow. It takes him a moment. Sherlock can see him run through possible arguments, dismiss them, and finally give in to his aches and pains. “Yeah, all right.”
. It’s a novel choice for an audition for a classical orchestra. It’s tight and crisp and, even without the trumpets, still clearly rings of the 1940s. John plays well and Sherlock feels a knot unfurl in his chest. He really didn’t want to hate the man’s music.
They’re pressed together from cheek to ankle. John’s finally giving him the protection he wanted earlier, covering his vulnerabilities. But he doesn’t need it now. He’s already fallen.
“Yeah.” John rubs at the back of his neck, weary. “I’ve given her Calpol and it’s come down a bit but not enough yet. I’ll get her a cool cloth if you’ve got her?”
‘John’s’ hand momentarily tightens on Sherlock’s erection when he comes but he quickly resumes his rhythm. Sherlock lets himself relax into it, starts fucking ‘John’s’ fist with deep thrusts of his hips. He feels every millimeter of ‘John’s’ sweaty skin against his own. Feels the difference in the warmth provided by the air around them and the warmth of flesh against flesh.
The silence is too much and the weight of what Sherlock has been carrying breaks it.
Sherlock leaves almost immediately. He rips his gloves off on the way home and throws them into the street. It doesn’t matter anymore. There’s no one for him so it doesn’t matter who he touches or who touches him. No one could ever match him, be made for him, or give him back what he’s lost. There’s no point in trying and no point in upholding pointless social niceties.
He observes those fingers along their path several times before reaching out and placing his hand over John’s. “That could be the case.”
“You are such a child.”
Sherlock stays up all night, unable to sleep, thinking about John Watson. Mrs. Hudson only asks him to stop screeching on his violin the one time. He does manage to go back to Bart’s to finish some tests from yesterday in the mid-afternoon.
Lestrade finally looks away from the chicken scratch he’s been scrawling across musical bars. The bite in Sherlock’s tone forces him too. “Why don’t you give them a call and see if they need another first violin then?”
“Nobody could be that clever.”
A longer moan, deeper and muffled by flesh, stretches out in the sauna.
“It really will seem better in the morning, John. I promise. It may not be what you expect, yeah? But you’ve found your soulmate.”
and Sherlock sit up out of his lap. He wipes down with the towel that long ago fell the floor and is already standing when ‘John’ speaks again.
“Come on, get up.”
It’s John’s own nervousness that ends the silence. He clears his throat before speaking. “Well, this is a prime spot. Must be expensive.”
Mycroft lets that sentimentality pass without comment, which is almost more annoying because it gives Sherlock nothing to strike back at.
) bending over the lap of an older, but still fit, man on the bench beside him. Both had let their towels drop to the floor and the older man has a hand wrapped around the back of the younger one’s head, urging him down even farther.
He murmured the barest hint of a prayer, some words for his men, his parents, and Harriet, before turning away to seek what he really came for.
If he knew, why wasn’t he saying anything?
Sherlock feels his orgasm approaching, starting to build deep within his gut and making his legs tremble. He also feels ‘John’s’ lips press against his neck. He whimpers, trying to stay quiet. They’ve managed to avoid much unwanted attention and voyeurism in their dark corner and Sherlock would prefer to keep it that way. Then ‘John’ licks a trail of sweat from the side of his throat. Sherlock groans, a deep, reverberating sound that seems to fill the room. Damn being quiet.
That startled a genuine laugh from Sherlock. That’s his John. The only one that can surprise him. That’s why he had to do this.
But yet, they did it every year.
Sherlock caught that subtle motion and smirked. “I assure you I am no witch. I simply knew more than others thought I should.”
That question goes ignored as Sherlock keeps pulling on his outerwear against the January chill he’s apparently about to face. “Got my eye on a nice little place in central London. Together we ought to be able to afford it.”
Sherlock did not want to know, absolutely did not want to know, why Mycroft had any reason to suspect anything about his bond to his absent soulmate. His desire not to know anything else about his soulmate is less than absolute. It stings, like rubbing alcohol on a wound, that he could know, that he could have known all along, but it will do him no good. Knowledge will do nothing for him here.
“If your vision is not fully monochromatic again, there is a chance it may return in full colour. Your soulmate may still be alive, or the bond may just need time to repair itself after his death.”
The only thing that pulls Sherlock out of his isolated reflection is the man’s hands settling on the back of his head to push him deeper. Sherlock looks up and finds the stranger watching him. His eyes are wide, mouth hanging open, and his breath comes in great huffs that play across Sherlock’s fringe. His fingers dig into Sherlock’s damp curls and Sherlock gets back to work with new determination.
“Keep your sympathies, Mr. Holmes.  How dare you be here at this time,” she said, her voice still strangely emotionless.
"I know you hate how you think it slows you down," John said, sidestepping the taunt, "but a few minutes of maintenance now is going to greatly improve your transport’s performance down the road, and you know it."
"Not that, John.  Well, that, too.  But I’m mostly sorry I made you think that I was dead, that you’d lost me.  It’s only been two
Sherlock was analyzing a soil sample to determine its geographic origin when he heard a creak on the stairs above him.
“Hello, Mr. Hollister, may we come in?” Sherlock asked, sounding gentle, but taking full advantage of the man’s evident shock to slip into the house past him.  Sherlock started poking around in the entryway, then made off for the sitting room.
Instead, John followed him immediately, and as soon as they were out of earshot from the crime scene he said “Hey, wait a minute.” When Sherlock stopped to look at him, John wrapped his hand around the back of Sherlock’s neck and pulled him down into a slightly clumsy, but absolutely rhapsodic, kiss.
That evening they sat around the fire drinking peppermint white russians and cranberry martinis, while Mycroft moaned about the pedestrian Christmas carols and Sherlock pretended to deduce all the wrapped presents.  (When he told Mycroft that John had
"Yes," Sherlock replied, then kneeled down next to John’s chair, took his hand, and kissed him.
"No, I mean... I'm sorry for -- what I did. To you. Both times. Leaving. I don't deserve you." Sherlock appeared to be struggling to speak coherently, then blinked a few times and looked around with more focus. "It really does look like an awful lot of blood, are you sure you're OK?"
Sherlock pulled away with a grin.  "Okay," he purred.  And then, "You know how I know this is real?"
“Well, you were in them when it happened,” Sherlock drawled, and they stared blandly at each other for a second before both of them broke into helpless giggles.
Sherlock froze for a second, then awkwardly embraced John in return.  When John took that as a signal to pull him closer, he dared to relax a bit, then pressed his lips into John’s impossibly soft hair.
Sherlock actually only stopped in his room long enough to snatch some cigarettes from their hiding place and throw his coat on over his pyjamas. Then he was out the window and onto the fire escape over Mrs. Hudson’s bins.
“His son, the patient for whom he was picking up medications,” Sherlock said.  “Jason Hollister, medical student at Cambridge; only 23 years old and losing an ugly battle to cancer.  I didn’t even need to see the local news story to learn that much; the fundraiser photos were all over Facebook.”
“Good morning, Sherlock,” he said, arching an eyebrow at the new accessory.  “Anything I should know about?”
“...And?” John said pointedly, after a minute.
“Not now; wait till we’re on the way,” Sherlock said, keeping his eyes on the street.
“I will, Owen.  It… it means a lot to him,” Mr. Hollister said, struggling to maintain his composure.  “Right.  Well, I’ll be seeing you, I’m sure,” he said, and turned away from the counter.
"For god’s sake, Sherlock, it’s
He slept for a while.
Instead of replying, John just smiled, then threw the second one he’d already prepared and dashed off behind a hedge, just as Sherlock scooped and tossed his own snowball.  They were still laughing and scuffling around the pavement when John collided with a random passer-by, who harrumphed at them. John pulled an exaggerated “Excuse me!” face at the stranger’s back, and they giggled even harder.
Sherlock’s eyes went icy with John’s scolding. “Well, don’t be an idiot; she must have something to do with it. She wouldn’t be behaving this way otherwise. But what? She didn’t kidnap Staunton, that much is obvious from her hair and clothing. It’s also clear she knows he’s alive, and I’m 96% certain that she knows where he is. In fact, that’s almost definitely where she’s going instead of office hours. So far, so obvious. But where is Staunton, and what’s keeping him there if not Armstrong? She’s worried about him, but not because she fears for his life. And yet, her level of hostility towards us indicates it must be life-or-death, so… someone else’s life. Someone important to him. She’s protecting him and keeping him in hiding because someone else’s life is at stake? But that doesn’t make sense! Why would she do that? Why?”
welcome here, as long as you want to be.  Even if Himself’s being awful.  The invitation’s not to do with him; it’s from me.”  John had flushed a bit and stammered his thanks, but she waved him off dismissively and said “Of course, my dear.  You should know by now, you’re family.”
Sherlock and Mycroft be civil to each other.
“What, already?”  John said from behind his newspaper.
“Yes, I think I’ve seen quite enough here to be going on with,” Sherlock said.  He turned to John.  “Shall we?”
“Five twenty three AM,” Sherlock announced, smiling superficially.  “Here’s some tea.  Let’s get moving!”  Sherlock thrust a paper cup of the hot brown water that purported to be tea from the vending machine in the lobby.  John had never yet had a proper cuppa from one of those, and he shot the cup a look of suffering and disgust.  But he sat up and took it anyway.  The first couple of sips flooded through him restoratively, and he was able to run his hands through his hair and swing his feet to the floor.
Instead, Mycroft pities him. “I can have the hospital staff questioned. We’ll track down everyone that had contact with yo-”
John gives a giggle that makes Sherlock’s stomach flip. “Sod off.”
“I’m sorry. I thought… I was sure we’d work.” The distance between them becomes more and more unbearable with each tiny shuffle backward Victor takes. “We can still be friends,” he finishes quietly.
John’s world is all reds and golds. Muted, of course, since he is still a child, but scarlet and yellows and browns dominate what he can see. All children see some colours, washed out or dulled compared to how their parents view the world. His mum says he can see the warm, comforting colours of autumn because of his big heart. All parents tell their children things like that: reds mean you feel strong emotion like love or anger, greens that you connect with nature and animals, blues that you’re smart but aloof or shy, oranges that you’re full of energy and life. John believes it when his mum tells him how much he can love.
***************
Sherlock nodded, a suspicious lump in the back of his throat.
John’s lips are moist, a consequence of John’s habit of nervously licking his lips. They are also soft and more plush than Sherlock imagined. He would be lying to himself if he denied having imagined.
He meets the gurney in the hallway. Stamford is already listening intently to the paramedics as they wheel the young man in. John listens to the relevant details with half an ear as he looks down at the man. He peers at the still form on the gurney and feels a kick in his chest.
Sherlock knows when someone is trying to go unnoticed. When they are watching someone while hoping not to be seen. He stretches his arms out along the edge of the pool behind his shoulders, letting his pale biceps turn toward his stranger. He keeps his eyes half closed and watches the man glance back and forth between the amorous couple, across the pool at the other men, and then to him. Sherlock lets him suffer, stealing glances and never fully relaxing on the cement step, for long minutes.
Instead of answering. Sherlock stepped away from the window overlooking Baker Street. He didn’t know where he was going, but standing in front of the window felt too exposed. He only made it a few steps before John’s look pinned him to a dead stop in front of the sofa. It was an awkward place to stand, not somewhere where Sherlock was usually both still and upright. It grated.
John stops and rests his brow against the nape of Sherlock’s neck. That’s exactly what Sherlock didn’t want. He shifts back, trying to maximize contact with John’s body. John’s arms tighten around his chest and John’s hand squeezes just above his bullet scar.
He could almost hear Sherlock grit his teeth in an effort not to demand to be fucked properly.
Stamford’s round face is grinning at him like a lunatic. Maybe John’s just forgotten how normal people express happiness.
“No.” That pity burns like bile at the back of Sherlock’s throat. “I’m glad to be rid of him. I don’t need a soulmate hanging around, expecting things of me. I am much better off on my own.”
Sherlock straightens from where he is slightly hunched over what’s left of the kitchen table. There’s endless amounts of chemistry equipment to sort through. Are the Erlenmeyer flasks and Griffin beakers cracked? Does the piping still hold liquid? Judging by the amount of glass they swept from the floor, both chemical and decorative, there shouldn’t be an intact container or window in the place. And yet some remain, despite it all, unbroken.
“Well, I did just get back.” ‘John’ tips his chin to the scar on his shoulder before rising and wrapping a towel around his waist. It would look ridiculous on any other man in the room, this unnecessary nod to propriety, but the white of the towel against the golden glow of his slick skin looks good. Very good. He startles Sherlock out of staring by speaking again. “We’ve broken the no talking rule. Why don’t we break the ‘don’t go to dinner with a casual shag’ rule too?”
And there’s not another choice. Even if John’s old room hadn’t already been cleared of the meager furniture Sherlock stored there, the stairs are questionable. Best not to take Rosie up them.
“Mike, can I borrow your phone? There’s no signal on mine.”
“You and Rosie should take my room. It’s larger. You’ll have better access to the bathroom and you won’t have to carry all her things up and down the stairs.” It’s something Sherlock has been thinking about for a while, since John moved back to Baker Street and brought Rosie with him. He had been reminded of it last night when he listened to John pace above him, then quietly bring Rosie back down to the sitting room. His room was just more convenient for both of them. He didn’t mind having the smaller room upstairs.
He does so sooner rather than later. But it involves clambering up over Sherlock’s back to reach his phone on the nightstand. John must find the correct combination of keys quickly because the annoying trilling noise stops. See, Sherlock knew he could handle it.
Saying it aloud forces the seed into full bloom in Sherlock’s mind. It’s vines wrap around his heart and squeeze.
John catches the curl of Mike’s knowing smile at the corner of his vision. The question catches him off guard, not only because of its content but because he was so intently studying Sherlock’s profile as he tapped away on John’s phone that he almost missed the question entirely.
The quiet closeness of the flat settles around them for several long moments. It’s not uncomfortable, like Sherlock often is with other people, nor is it boring or strange. It’s just quiet.
“Yeah, he was your friend. You were a kid. Of course you loved him.”
Lestrade doesn’t look at him. He shoots a quick glance toward Molly, packing up her violin and chatting with a second violin who sits in the row behind her. He looks back to his notes before responding. “And I suppose you should be first chair instead?”
“Four what?” John comes to join him, trying to lean past his shoulder to see out the window.
He bends his neck, takes the stranger into his mouth. There’s a sharp intake of breath above but no words. The man’s cock grows in his mouth above the waterline and in his hand below it. He strokes as he sucks and twirls his tongue along the crown and across the slit. The water is warm and his own balls hang heavy and buoyant between his parted knees.
“I could tell you more.” Sherlock’s voice dipped and his eyes raked over John’s entire body.
John takes his hand in a strong, warm grip. Those ring key callouses brushed against his wrist. “John Watson, Captain, Corps of Army Music.”
Sherlock’s breathing speeds up, his cock grows harder, and he looks his fill.
Sherlock licks his lips, still watching John’s smile. An idea strikes him. The mixing of the calm, hot relaxation of the steam and the exhilaration he feels with violin strings under his fingers and the orchestra swelling around him. And those feelings mix in John.
It’s what they’ve agreed upon, and Sherlock thinks it’s wise, but it still hurts.
Sherlock sits quietly, blinking and focusing on objects near and far. He compares the colour he can see in his restored left eye with those in his right. There doesn’t appear to be any difference between the two. No lasting fading or degradation of pigments.
He fucked Sherlock hard and let out a roar when he buried himself deep and filled Sherlock with his seed.
Sherlock gets a warning in the form of a tightened grasp on the back of his head and a stuttering breath. The stranger tries to pull back, to pull out, and Sherlock assumes it’s only out of politeness. That’s unnecessary. Sherlock pushes his palms flat against the man’s hips, holding him in place and swallows down as much of his cock as he can without drowning. There’s a soft exhalation of “Christ” above him as the man shoots across his tongue and down his throat.
“I needed-”
“Well, this could be very nice. Very nice indeed.”
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
The nearly dead, drugged into unconsciousness, incredibly young-looking man on the gurney is breathtaking. Inky dark curls spread out across the stark white of the sheet under his head. His skin is so pale that, in the limited chromatics of John’s vision, he nearly blends into the blank background on which he lies. No one in this condition can be considered gorgeous but, John thinks, if he were to wake up and maybe eat a proper meal, this man could be devastating.
“That’s not what I see.” John’s mouth curls up in a smile and Sherlock thinks John’s about to wrap a hand around the back of his neck and pull him forward into a kiss. His eyelids even grow heavy and begin to slide closed while he looks down at John. It’s something Sherlock hasn’t wanted in a long time, but now he
“Even though I’ve told you such personal things about yourself.”
“Oh, no. I ensured it.” Sherlock can’t help but grin at the disbelief and admiration he sees in John’s eyes. And could it always be this easy between them? What might they have had already if John had stayed?
Sherlock nods again. John’s not moving away. He’s not sure what to do. Except he knows that he doesn’t want John to move away and he certainly doesn’t want to move either. It would wake Rosie, he tells himself.
John plays a piece of Stravinsky’s
John looks shocked. “Yeah, it can happen, but it’s extremely rare.”
“I didn’t know. I saw. Your haircut, the way you hold yourself, says military. But your conversation as you entered the room said trained at Bart’s, so Army doctor. Obvious. Your face is tanned but no tan above the wrists. You’ve been abroad, but not sunbathing. Your limp’s really bad when you walk but you don’t ask for a chair when you stand, like you’ve forgotten about it, so it’s at least partly psychosomatic. That says the original circumstances of the wound were traumatic. Wounded in action, suntan, Afghanistan or Iraq.” Sherlock feels wrung out. This is everything he knows about the man who is supposed to be his nearest and dearest, his other half or extension of himself or some other nonsense, and he’s rattled it out in under 10 seconds in one great gush of breath. This is pointless. This will never work.
His dark brown hair is going grey, not just at the temples as one might expect, but sort of all over at once. His suit is a light grey, his shirt white but not bright enough to stand out, his tie a dull shade of navy blue. Everything about this man says he’s trying to fade into the background. Sherlock would have been able to determine that even without the benefit of his colours but seeing even this mundanity in as rich a detail as possible is exhilarating. There’s so much more he knows now, so much more he can
He lets that truth sit between them for long minutes. John goes quiet again, but his breathing doesn’t deepen. Sherlock wonders if he’s staring at the wall the same way Sherlock’s staring at the back of his head.
“I need an assistant! Oh! Wait. Wait a moment.” Sherlock turns his attention back to John, who has been watching the volley between the other two men with interest. “John, you’re a doctor. In fact, you’re an Army doctor.”
John was breathing fast. His hands settled on Sherlock’s hips but he could not bring himself to pull Sherlock’s body against his. “How do you know that?”
“No.” Sherlock picks lightly at the sheets under his fingers. “When I woke up, he, whoever he was, was gone.”
“Your injury. You almost died. Where were you shot?”
Sherlock stays quiet, focuses on breathing despite the continued pain in his chest. He thought it would have receded to a dull ache, similar to what he felt and ignored every day, but it remained a sharp, stabbing sensation that radiated deep into his bones.
There’s a creak from the bed and Sherlock finds himself pulled tight against John’s shoulder. They don’t speak, and Sherlock doesn’t cry, but he falls asleep like that, with John’s vest creasing his face.
When Victor starts touching him more, with a gloved hand wrapped around his bicep or a pat on his shoulder, it feels electric. Even through multiple layers of fabric, Sherlock thinks
Sherlock turned his back to the city and John stepped away from the ledge to see him better.
He opened the ties on Sherlock’s breeches and pulled them to his ankles. Sherlock made a move to lift a leg, as if he would step out of them, but John stopped him. He wanted Sherlock hobbled, to feel a little trapped as John had his way.
And Sherlock has spent years quietly considering all of those probable situations.
His pulse pounded there. He was sure John would feel it and wake up. That
The door creaks open and in comes Stamford.
The room is dark. Illuminated only by the streetlight outside so that Sherlock can only see the outline of things. He can see the edge of his dresser and the silhouettes of the brushes and bottles and tubes that have taken up residence there. He can see the shine of the knobs on the wardrobe. But most importantly, Sherlock can see the bunch and curl of John’s’ shoulders rising above him; can see the line of John’s arm where it disappears from Sherlock’s view.
Sherlock gasped, apparently involuntarily, and grabbed at the sheets of the bed. As though by natural reflex John brought a hand up to Sherlock's face, a thumb pressing against his jaw, and pulled him closer. Blood filled his mouth, and John was immediately struck by a feeling of overwhelming desire, wanting at once to drain him of blood, while at the same time wanting to keep Sherlock with him, and alive. It was with a certain amount of reluctance, and a great deal of guilt for feeling reluctant, that John released Sherlock and reached for a towel. He pressed it to Sherlock's neck, trying to cover the puncture marks as best he could.
John reached out for the door again, certain that it was a one-time explosion of memory, but Sherlock caught his wrist in a gloved hand.
“Who is Thomas?” Mycroft asked. “Aside from being a vampire, clearly, of some importance, who seemed rather interested in you.”
can, Sherlock,” John said, watching his breath curl in the cold in front of him.
“I hate these clubs,” John muttered.
With the sirens, John knew an alert had also been sent to the Council. Somewhere, he imagined, his father was preparing to mobilize the next closest army base to serve as backup. John walked towards the large windows that lined two full walls of the room, and tried to put his plans in order. He would have to pull some weapons for himself out of the gun safe in the room across the hall -  that was easy. Next, he would have to triage the battle outside. At present, freeing up the main armory building was his top concern, but if the tide turned he would take over general battle governance. Unless, of course, he could locate Sebastian, who as his second-in-command would shoulder some of his work. Watching as groups moved into position, as trained, John finalized his battle plans.
“Sherlock Holmes,” the man answered.
“Mm?” John asked by means of a soft murmur, still enjoying the last moments of post-coital bliss before facing reality.
John cleared his throat, and backed away, turning to face Lestrade and Mycroft as Sherlock found a seat on the other side of the room. Turning to face away from John, he listened and waited.
“Nothing of importance,” Sherlock countered.
“Training,” John said, simply. “Being on my base meant being one of the best trained hunters in the western hemisphere. That, and during our drills I had one rule above all others: if things well and truly go to hell, get out. The army can afford new buildings and supplies. The world can’t afford losing its best protection against vampires.”
The pair walked until they reached the nearest major road, then flagged down a taxi. Sherlock muttered something to the driver – probably something about a bribe, but John couldn’t be sure – and the car was soon speeding off in the direction of Baker Street. Neither of them had much of an appetite for conversation; they were both too busy thinking to communicate. After some time, they pulled up outside 221B. From the road, the flat looked all right. The windows of the top floor had been blown out, and the dark edges of the window frames seemed to hint at a fire, but the exterior seemed remarkably unscathed.
Sherlock smiled. “More than enough.”
Greg, to their surprise, was nowhere to be seen. John hoped that meant he’d had good luck with the Scottish Police and was tying the murders in Edinburgh to those in London. Once back in the room, Sherlock tossed his scarf off and tacked the map of the city he had been carrying up on the wall. John cringed, and then sent a silent prayer into the universe that housekeeping wouldn’t notice. He headed over to the sink and drew a glass of water.
“Fine,” Sherlock answered, glancing at the sheets of paper in John’s hands once more before putting his phone down. “How does my neck look?”
Managing to get to his feet, he moved towards the washroom. As he turned the tap on and waited for the old plumbing to bring up hot water, he glanced up at the mirror. He couldn’t see himself, and was surprised to find that he was still caught off-guard by that fact. He counted himself fortunate that years of working late nights at his London office had given him the ability to make himself look presentable without the aid of a mirror.
John followed, but somehow got around and in front of Sherlock before he could open the door to the hallway.  “I’ll just go first,” he said, grinning, then threw open the door and dashed off to the sitting room.  By the time Sherlock arrived, he’d pushed the button on the stereo remote and Sherlock’s favorite Christmas carol, a classical violin duet, was playing softly in the background.
When John and Overton finally made it through the front doors and landed in the hotel lobby, Overton said “Shall I find Tim for you?  I expect you’ll want to interview him, since he was the last one to see Jeff…”
“Mr. Hollister, we’ve come with the -- “ said Dr. Armstrong, trailing off when she realized who was present.
“Well, I’ll just… leave you to it, then,” said the Lord Mount-James, wringing his hands and staring at Sherlock woefully.  “Do let me know as soon as you’ve… solved anything, won’t you?”
"Now I must be hallucinating," John said, giggling.  "Or did you actually just apologize,
“John, I --” he started, but John shut him down immediately.
“Oh? That’s -- Sherlock. If you’re not going to tell me what’s going on, for whatever mysterious reasons of your own, that’s fine. But could you at least pretend it makes a difference to you whether I’m even here or not?”
John was visibly taken aback, as though he’d been physically hit by the words. “Oh, I don’t know, Sherlock,” he said, his voice thick and cracking. “How about the fact that even after all the times you rushed headlong into danger by yourself to prove you were right and almost died, you still haven’t learned to take my advice, or even take me with you. Even this case, which was supposed to be about finding a missing kid, has deteriorated into your usual frantic pissing contest with another psychopath, and you don’t give a
Startled, John tried to laugh it off as a joke.  “Too right,” he said, then winced as he saw even that small smile slide off Sherlock’s face.  “Hey, no, I was just— I’m sorry, I know you must be— that was a terrible thing to say, and… shit, obviously
"Just you and me, isn't that how it's supposed to be, Sherlock?" Moriarty  purred, the red dot never wavering from Sherlock's forehead. "It always comes back to you and me."
So he didn’t see the rather radiant smile on John’s face as John followed behind him.
"I thought you were going to make me sit through one of those interminable science fiction movies," Sherlock said with a dismissive wave of his hand.  "If we must, let’s get on with that while I’m still intoxicated enough to tolerate it."
They’d been trapped in the walk-in freezer for five hours and twenty three minutes now.  And yes, John was bloody well counting.  Of course there was no mobile service, and
“Oh, you know… still Jason, cheerful as ever,” said Mr. Hollister, with a weak and trembling smile.
I didn’t know.”
ruining all the surprises.  And he must have read the recognition on John’s face, because he shot John one of those side-eyed looks, winked at him, and went back to twitting Mycroft.)
“But what I want to know is, how will it affect my heart condition?” yelled the pensioner repeatedly, apparently unable to hear the chemist’s reassurances that it would not.
They sat there staring wide-eyed at each other, hearts pounding, for a long minute.  Then Sherlock blinked a few times and said “I didn’t want to get you sick, too.”  John, still open-mouthed, made a small noise that might have been “oh,” then dove for him.
"But John, I — "
Once again, John had stewed until he boiled over and was taking it out on Sherlock.  “I just c-can’t believe — “
"I said no.  Not now."
The two of them sat side-by-side on the bed looking straight ahead in silence for a minute, then John said, “That went well, I think,” and Sherlock “mm-hmm”-ed and nodded in agreement.  They glanced sideways at each other, and cracked up.
"Yours, in fact," John replied.  "
(Mrs. Gibson had staged their bodies as a murder-suicide, supposedly committed by the lover when Mr. Gibson refused to leave his wife for him.  Then she’d contacted Sherlock about her husband’s “disappearance,” and had hoped Sherlock would be satisfied with the obvious conclusion.  She’d hoped wrong.)
“Cambridge,” John repeated.  “Right.  I guess that’s the logical next step.  Wait, you said you had a lead, earlier?”
"Would you
," Sherlock breathed, still unable to move. Then he leaned down, deliberately, but just slow enough to telegraph what he was about to do, and kissed him.
try to prevent the theft.  But he
"How?" John asked, finding it still a bit difficult to breathe.
“Focus, John. I shouldn’t be gone more than a couple of hours, and then we can regroup based on what I discover.” He rose and tightened his scarf. “If I hurry, I should be able to catch some of Dr. Armstrong’s students before they head home for the weekend.”
“Brilliant!” John couldn’t help exclaiming, although he was still trying to be cross with Sherlock.  But he couldn't help thawing a little at the way Sherlock positively beamed at his praise.  “So, what do you have planned for us in the meantime?”
“Well, what about your case?” John said, and turned the page.
“Then why were you staring at me all night?” John asked, sounding tired and rhetorical. Sherlock froze for just a second longer than was necessary, and it caught John’s attention. ”Okay, what did I do, then? What mortifying oversight gave me away as an unwashed commoner? Was I wearing last season’s pocket square? Was it the Tesco aftershave?”
“I see,” Sherlock said, thoughtfully. “Well, thank you, doctor; you’ve been most helpful. Come along, John, we’re done here.”
think to stop and let me catch up, so I can cover your back? I almost lost you again, you complete and utter
“My grandad was like that… he left family to hang more times than I could count, in the name of his precious nest egg.  The way he used to treat Harry, in particular… it infuriated me,” John said, staring out the window.  He took a deep breath and squared his shoulders, then said, “Well… people like that get what they deserve.  He died friendless and alone in the end.  I’ve tried to let go, and have faith that karma takes care of itself.”  He shook his head and turned to look at Sherlock.  “Okay then, what’s our next move?”
“Really?  Already?” said Overton, blinking.
Sherlock snarled, “BACK OFF.  I’m trying to think!”
"No, Sherlock," John interrupted.
John thought) and turned out to be drugs manufacturers using a small cave system with freak acoustics.  After almost a week of the two of them investigating overnight and sleeping in a cramped and dingy room by day (if at all), of course the case concluded in a dramatic, terrifying stand-off before the police finally arrived.
"Whatever the reason, it's for the best," Sherlock replied smoothly. "His... little obsession with me was flattering, but we all know it wasn't meant to last."
been through?” he said sarcastically, but John could hear the slight unsteadiness in his tone behind the defense.
"Nor should you," Sherlock interjected, looking sharply at John.  "He brought that on himself.  By
John hadn’t even gotten to finish making his request, let alone work up to a really satisfying harangue.  He let himself be puzzled by Sherlock’s unexpectedly quick agreement for just a second, then chalked it up to “Sherlock” and gathered his laptop and newspaper.  Maybe Sherlock really was that bored and willing for a distraction; who knew?  John just hoped Sherlock’s good behavior lasted, suspicious or not.  Of Sherlock’s finding Jeff Staunton, John had no doubt, but of managing to convince Overton they’d done him a favor in the process… with Sherlock this bored going into such a small case, chances of him staying civil throughout were slim. Maybe they’d get lucky, and it would turn out to be more of a diversion than they were expecting.
"Wow, you’re practically co-operative," John said.  "I should get you drunk more often."
, Sherlock thought, and rose to find his violin.
"Really," Sherlock said disbelievingly.  "I'm not just imagining this, you really came and got me this time?"  He put his hand over John's, hesitantly at first, then twining their fingers together.
He fervently hoped John hadn’t noticed anything strange about his behavior since last night (or at least, not more so than usual; he was glad his frequent habit of becoming terse and uncommunicative covered a variety of sins).  He still wasn’t entirely sure what was causing the distracting symptoms yet, let alone was he prepared to explain why he was staring again to a possibly irritated John.
At first Sherlock had been encouragingly dismissive of the danger, saying that it was unlikely for the water to rise that much, at this point in the river, at this time of year.  But after what seemed like an eternity (but was more likely an hour or two), the water had reached John’s shoulders, and he realized Sherlock hadn’t assured him they’d be fine in quite some time.
sorry,” Sherlock said in a gentler voice, leaning distressingly close to John as he draped the coat over John’s shoulders.  For a second, John’s entire world contracted dizzily into the smell of Sherlock’s poncy shampoo and the warmth of his coat, and John could feel his shivering muscles start to relax by degrees.
"Sherlock, I —" John started, but then Sherlock’s lips were pressed at the corner of his mouth, and any conscious thoughts he may have been trying to express just sort of… evaporated.
“Wasn’t looking for company,” Sherlock said, pointedly taking a drag and exhaling without making eye contact.
“Still?” John asked.  “Should I remember that?”
, are we?  Good to know; I’ll order two of everything," John said, and finally Sherlock’s small smile uncurled into a grin, and they were both giggling.
Sherlock was smiling as the door shut in his face.
They came in to Baker Street, as they had so many times before, arguing about Sherlock’s tendency to hare off into danger by himself. This time he’d chased down and cornered a suspect who turned on him with a knife. Although he’d managed to subdue the suspect, John found him in a dead-end alley, bleeding from a gash across his ribs, and dizzy enough to have to lean against a brick wall. (“Shock, John. And the wound was superficial. I’m fine now.”)
"Never again, Sherlock," John whispered.  "Promise me."
"About an hour and 40 minutes," Sherlock said, looking ruefully at his shoes.
“You,” she said, in an odd, flat tone.  (Perhaps it was just lack of the hostility she’d consistently shown them in previous meetings.)  “I should have known you would -- never mind.”  She turned to the people behind her and said, “Come in.”
"Oh," John said, blinking, when they broke apart.
Finally, John got his breath back enough to say, "Hey.  This isn't -- I'm happy to see you, too, but let's get you home first, Okay?"
and didn’t even know I was alive, and you’re actually fine and I
“Well, Mr. Overton, I think it’s time I see Staunton’s last known whereabouts if I’m to make any progress,” Sherlock said, and pointed at Overton’s rumpled coat on the sofa.  “If you would…?”
"No, I don't think so... not as much as you were snoring, at any rate," Sherlock said.
Sherlock had just concluded a case, but it didn’t feel successful.  He’d delivered the final, damning deduction to the client, who in a shocking twist had also turned out to be the murderer.  Mrs. Gibson had then broken free and fled through her house, and locked herself in an upstairs bathroom. By the time the police forced their way in, she’d taken her own life by means of the same poison she’d used to kill her husband and his lover.
Mycroft stared at him.
Almost immediately, John, who had been gazing around the room himself, reached a hand out and snapped the wrist of the other vampire back.
“Also, you would do well to eat and conserve your energy. We’ve done enough for the day, and we will handle the night as John would want us to: carefully, and as slowly as we need to, until we have what we need.”
“You should start with tonight,” Sherlock said from across the room, sounding, by all accounts, bored.
The pair snickered. John looked out through the window of the clinic, as the sun rose above the plain, orderly military buildings. The sand that surrounded the fence had just started to shimmer with the heat that would soon take over. “I’ll get this place under control one of these days.”
“You may not like it. I don't, and I'm still not sure if it's a great idea.”
“If only for the sake of future experiments, you’re welcome to feed on me whenever you so choose.”
John nodded soberly and glanced down at Sherlock's neck again. “Right. You should move closer, then.” He gestured at space on the bed that was still left between them.
Sherlock gave him a sidelong glance. “Don’t push your luck. We could do with a better map of the interior, before we do anything,” Sherlock said, pulling out his phone and opening one of the government databases Mycroft had once given him access to.
“Good – good, yeah,” John answered, also feeling uncharacteristically out of sorts. He was unsure how to categorize his current mood; everything very much
. The rest was a blur.
“So,” Sherlock said, breaking the silence. “You have effectively managed to explain very little about what we’re doing, yet managed to get us both on a train to possible death. Obviously I can speak for both Lestrade and myself when I say we don’t particularly mind that, but I think we would both appreciate some answers.”
“Tonight?” Sherlock asked.
John walked forward slowly. Hand outstretched, he moved towards what appeared to be a solid stone wall. However, his hand seemed to pass through it entirely. He glanced back at his friends. “Another illusion.”
“That was once,” Sherlock said, leaning on the table with both hands and looking at the phone.
“Hi Molly,” John said, picking up the phone, trying his best to keep the disappointment out of his voice. He hit the speakerphone button. “How are things in London?”
“What’s A01X?” Sherlock asked, never one to abide by high security protocols.
What John saw in his peripheral vision, before he could even form a scream, was Sherlock pushing him aside. He felt the stake vibrate through Sherlock’s body and slow his heart long before he saw the blood pooling around a hole in his chest.
Molly Hooper had assumed that she would start her Monday the way she usually did, with a cup of coffee. She would fill out paperwork for a while, check what bodies had arrived overnight, and maybe grab lunch with one of the girls upstairs. What she did not
Sherlock moved to sit next to John, and waited for him to look at him.
“If only you knew,” John muttered. “Just tell me you do grasp the seriousness of this, right? You'll be a bit tired and off-balance for a while. Your neck will ache and until we're out of the club, you'll look fairly seriously bruised. And that's all assuming I don't accidentally sever anything vital.”
“I’m in no mood to do that again, so,” John said, and pulled two flasks out of a hidden pocket in his jacket.
“Fair enough,” Sherlock replied, and walked to the desk to open his laptop. John left him, making his way to the bathroom, and Sherlock opened up a few files. Brushing up on what they knew so far, he felt confident that he wouldn't be too lost with John that evening. Not so lost, at least, that he couldn't fake some kind of brilliance. He glanced quickly at the lunar calendar he had bookmarked, then closed the computer. Not long after, John exited the bathroom, wearing a dark button-up shirt and a pressed pair of jeans that he didn't normally use. He noted that John looked much like Sherlock himself. His hair was neatly brushed, though he hadn't combed out the blood streaks. Sherlock glanced at himself in the mirror as he stood; he was pale, more so than usual, and appeared tired. The red smudges on his neck, and the dark stains on his shirt didn't add much to his appearance.
He walked over to the desk and set down three small surveillance cameras, all in a tangle of wires. He lifted the strap of his computer bag off his shoulder and put it down in one of the chairs, pulling out his laptop.
“He's the only one that stands out. Everyone else is focused on blood or their cards.”
He would finish taking inventory later. For now, Sherlock expected more. John would rather face another set of vampires than try to get out of the car without Sherlock's consent.
“That’s not how we do things,” Sherlock argued, shaking his head.
Molly and Mycroft scanned the boarded up windows of the nearby buildings. Everything seemed to be quiet. With a grunt, Lestrade managed to open the lock, and pushed the door forward gingerly.
“How many died?” Sherlock murmured from across the darkness.
“I don’t mind, you know,” Sherlock said.
Warren Zevon, Werewolves of London
“Newborns,” Harker said, frowning, “kill the Captain.”
Backing away from her, John looked at Greg. “How are you? Where’s Molly? Mycroft?” He brought the reunion with his old friends to a close as more pressing matters came to mind.
Moriarty, still smiling, looked to the corner of the vaults, through to a smaller room. Slowly, Mycroft came through, stepping slowly and deliberately forward. John was impressed by the expressionless facade Mycroft was able to keep, and for a moment almost forgot the politician was on their side.
The room swam in John’s vision, and he tried to grasp the reality of his situation. “No one can make it here in time,” he muttered. “It’s going to be night soon and I have no trained backup.”
“I’m glad you didn’t,” he added, softly.
“Joining me, then?”
Sherlock interrupted him. “Get to the point.”
Sherlock looked like he was about to hit someone. Quickly, John explained.
, Mycroft thought to himself, screaming in the part of his mind he still controlled.
“No,” Mycroft said, finally pulling his head back. At first, his movements were slow, as though he consciously needed to think through each twitch of his muscles. As he gradually brought each of his limbs back under control, he moved more fluidly. Soon, he stood almost casually, his posture less rigid. He still felt the force of the other man’s will, the external force that attempted to override his bodily autonomy, but he was able to keep it at bay.
Sherlock took a long, slow drag on his cigarette. The sun rose lazily, chasing away the darkness of the streets below. '
“Yeah, I'm beginning to get that impression.”
“It was unlocked,” she answered, clearly aware of the implications.
“In my other pants, sorry,” John shouted back, as he swung and missed the vampire in front of him, taking a few steps around it.
A light dawned on Greg. “So if he thinks he has the right book…”
“How was it for you?” Sherlock asked, taking a sip of his water.
The corner of Sherlock's mouth turned up slightly. “There are no marks on the victims.”
“Reminding-” John didn’t get any further. He was, once again, lost.
John pulled his eyes from the road to look at Mycroft. “I'm going to find out why I haven't heard about this, first of all. Next I'll try to figure out a plan of attack to get this under control.”
John met Lestrade's eyes and was silent, returning his hand to the chair before turning away.
“No,” John said. “As I said, that level was safe. Everything was relocated following the attack. But,” John trailed off for a moment. He recalled his last image  of Sebastian. “He might have thought he found it.”
“I won’t argue with that,” Sherlock said. He began to pull his own clothes back on, dressing less tactically than John. Before he was quite finished, a knock at the door was immediately followed by Lestrade using his own copy of the key card and slipping in.
John turned the pair over with firm hands, and slowly began to ease Sherlock open with his hands. A muttered “mmh” into John’s ear assured him that he was on the correct track. Pausing in his ministrations, he pulled out the lubricant and Sherlock heard the click of the lid opening. Sherlock, both excited and startled by the noise, moved his hands up from John’s arms towards his shoulders, giving himself leverage as he tilted his own hips forward. John hovered over Sherlock’s mouth, and gently traced the shape of his cupid’s bow with his own lip, before capturing the opposing mouth in a kiss. Carefully, more carefully than he had ever done anything in his life, John slid into him.
In the open note application, he read:
Within half an hour, the pair had claimed the nearest taxi and found themselves dropped off on the road next to a cracked sidewalk leading to the beach. In the distance, they could see the dull yellow line of police tape waving in the early morning light, and a crowd of officers standing off to the side, some taking notes and others sipping their coffee. When they came close to the crime scene, they were greeted by Lestrade, who looked more exhausted than usual as he waved them forward.
“That sounds about right,” John said, feeling slightly more optimistic. “I guess we’re going to Scotland.”
John glanced at Sherlock, then said, “I'm not quite sure yet. You've got my number, and a good eight hours before dawn. The more we can get done while the city is quiet, the better.” He handed a slip of paper to Mycroft, and added, “Those are the addresses. The three of you can decide how you want to tackle them. We can regroup tomorrow night.”
“Perhaps a candle?” George asked. “Caroline attempted to find one, but was not successful.”
John shifted in his seat and flicked through some of the papers laid out before him. He pulled out a piece of paper and slid it towards Sherlock.
The DI was expressionless.
“Another nightmare,” he stated, not bothering to ask how he was. “Why?”
For the second time in as many minutes, John noticed Greg glancing at his vibrating phone. He pointed at it questioningly.
Jane gently tilted the glass she held, watching as the woman before her cleared away pieces of smudged paper and empty, red-rimmed glasses. The remains of a day spent trying to plan an assault on an invisible enemy. The bar she currently called her home base was owned by a man who was not worth as much as the blood in his veins, but he managed to mind his own business, and let Jane mind hers. It was enough to keep her from piercing the paper-thin skin that stretched over his throat. As it was, she was content with the glass of Finnish politician she was currently drinking. The circumstances behind how she had come to possess the bottle of blood made the already pleasant vintage immeasurably more satisfying. Setting her glass down, she leaned forward and crossed her arms, resting on the table and watching the entrance to the bar.
"I don't want to sit down," John answered, recalling the response he gave the first time he met Mycroft.
“There can only be one king,” Harker continued, “and if you won’t kill for the position, you don’t deserve it.”
“You usually ask,”Sherlock replied. John stared at him for a moment before sighing.
“It would be easier to do this with both hands,” he said, focused on his notes.
“Clearly.”
“Nonsense. You'll come now,” Mycroft said, his insincere request becoming an outright demand.
John assumed that the lines on his face, and the unmistakeable look of someone whose mind was focused on other things, could be credited less to the two – now three – dead bodies on his hands, and more to his impending divorce. Though the pale band of skin on his ring finger was less noticeable as his tan faded, the meaning behind it was not. The doctor could only hope that Sherlock didn't feel the need to point this out.
Harker, watching the scene unfold, didn’t express any emotion one way or another. John imagined he expected that the numbers were on his side, and he had little to worry about. Indeed, the old vampire leaned back against his desk, arms crossed, as he surveyed the crowd, occasionally muttering directives to his progeny.
On touching the door itself, however, John immediately stepped back as though slapped. It was like he had landed directly back in that war, and for a moment his senses were assaulted by choking black ash, the smell of his wife’s perfume, and a sense of dread. More than a flashback, the entrance was lined with a sensory tripwire. All at once, the gravity of what John was doing hit him - he was rusty, had minimal backup and, worst of all, was putting his best friends in almost certain danger.
Soon, a man, younger than John, entered the cavern. He stepped slowly but deliberately - he was perfectly at ease, and by Moriarty’s immediate bowing of the head, clearly in charge. He wore a well-fitting suit, much like Moriarty’s, and his straight black hair was swept back from his forehead. Were it not for the fangs visible in his slightly open mouth, he would look out of place in the dark vault.
Although he had planned to yell at the other man, John felt himself losing the will to be angry at Mycroft. He slowly lowered himself back into his chair. He rubbed his thumb against one of his temples, and in the soft light the lines on his face seemed deeper than usual. No longer frustrated, he looked back to Mycroft, and leaned in, resting his crossed arms on his legs.
“My parents took me here when I was a kid,” John said, tracing the stone around the heavy wood door.
“What? Of course no one is, everyone's been working around the clock to find the murderer,” he said, dismayed, stepping forward as his pride in his work overtook his fear.
“I'm more than willing to let you go,” John said.
John was quickly beginning to realize that without Mycroft’s help, it was getting harder and harder to stay ahead of the attacking horde. As though on cue, two more young vampires reached John, and though he was quick in wrapping the hand of one of them in silver chain, he was unable to stop the other from capturing his own arm. One-handed, he attempted to kick at the vampire in front of him, but was slowly brought to the ground as the crowd surrounded him, his only vision in the dim room a sea of shining white fangs. To John’s horror, he saw Harker, sleeves now rolled up, stalking through the crowd of his creations directly towards him. Distantly, he heard an exclamation of pain from Sherlock, and soon saw the other man pinned down a few meters away.
“Yep,” John answered glibly, then clapped Greg on the shoulder as he made his way to the door. “Welcome to the club.”
“Yes, very observant,” the man beside him drawled.
“You think?” John said.
John, with a sense of surprised excitement, could feel Sherlock growing hard against the leg that was pressed between the taller man’s thighs. Accordingly, he pushed forward gently, assessing Sherlock’s reaction to the friction. When Sherlock pushed back against him, John accepted this as a positive response.
Lestrade ran after him. “Did I just hear you say 'I don't know?' Oh, I've got to tell the boys at the Yard about this.”
Sherlock grinned. “No, apparently not.” He pulled a small flashlight out of his jacket and clicked it on, the light illuminating only a small area of the barn. Sherlock directed it at John, trying to follow the sound of his coughs.
Sherlock still hadn't taken his seat, and looked down at Lestrade as he spoke, his mind already trying to put the pieces together. “The hospital? Why?”
“You did promise to discuss this,” Sherlock said, uncharacteristically pushy. “Remember?”
John nodded at her apologetically. “Morning, Molly.”
“Yes?” Molly confirmed.
“Oh,” John said, remembering the flat, which was very likely still smoking. “Right. I probably should.”
“You aren't... blowing it up again, are you?” John asked, glancing at the living room.
The corners of Harker’s eyes crinkled as he smiled joylessly. For a moment, John was unnerved by how similar he looked to Sherlock.
“No, of course, they'll be taken care of,” he said, nodding. “The pair of them deserved better.”
“Well done,” John murmured, pleased to have a plan.
“Have the blood that remains tested for toxins,” he ordered, and she frowned, an expression that was quickly becoming her default when presented with Sherlock in full working mode. “Alert me immediately if you find anything vaguely poisonous.” He looked at the body again. “Or if you find some kind of reptile venom on the corpse.”
They were running after a suspect one night; feet pounding on pavement, blood pumping through their ears, sucking in burning lungfuls of cold air. Suddenly Sherlock rounded a corner and shot down a narrow alley, presumably following one of his arcane shortcuts. John managed to keep up better these days now that his limp was gone, but when he got around the corner Sherlock wasn’t anywhere in sight. John let momentum carry him a few steps into the alley before stopping to look around and catch his breath. As he stood there with his hands braced on his thighs and his sides heaving, he felt a familiar hand grip his wrist and pull him into a shadowed doorway.
“Nngh, what,” John mumbled.  “You... Sherlock.  What time is it?”
* * *
ugly jumper.”  Then he smiled at John, but his eyes were sad.
“Hi, Owen.  Here to pick up for Jason,” said Mr. Hollister.  He looked tired, and not from one night of poor rest; the creases in his face seemed bone-deep.
"You know I can’t help a viral infection." John replied.  "But you can have this tea if you want it."
"Wha — huh?" yawned John, vaguely aware he was being discussed.  "S’fine, Sherlock, finish up here."
"John, what
But when he finally got it settled and ruffled his hair back into place, Sherlock decided that it was worth wearing the repellent thing, because of the way John was beaming up at him.
He was still sitting rigidly upright crushing fistfuls of blanket a moment later, when the door cracked open and a rectangle of dim light fell on his floor.  “John?” Sherlock said, uncertainly.
“Of course there was, for you,” John said.  “Wait, how does that work?  I know you can reserve them with your mobile now, but how did you manage that fast enough not to lose her?”
“Well, Sherlock, I guess you’d have to care what your friends feel like when someone they love is dying to be able to work that one out,” John said with a carefully blank expression.
The third time John woke up, it was daytime again.  Sherlock was still in the chair next to his bed, but curled up with his arms around his knees.
the one that doesn’t deserve
A moment later John entered the sitting room through the far door and sat down without saying a word to Sherlock, then attempted to pretend to read.
Despite Sherlock’s impenetrable silence on the walk through Winter Wonderland and most of the way through the museum, John seemed content to cruise alongside him, leaning in occasionally to examine an exhibit tag, with a faint but unmistakable smile grazing his face.  Sherlock was able to satisfy his own curiosity about the venomous creatures he’d come to see with only half of his attention; he was focusing the other half on John as unobtrusively as possible.  What was so different about John now, even today, and why was needing to identify it so... compelling? Was it John’s good mood, presumably from the lighthearted adventures they’d had that day?  No, Sherlock’s agitation started before he ever suggested leaving the house.  It had never let up since last night, if Sherlock was being honest with himself.
Sherlock’s only reply was to gently tilt John’s head back and kiss him; but John seemed to be thoroughly content with that.
"I’ll get the fairy lights," John said, proud of himself for not wobbling
John?  Seriously?”
,’ John thought, ‘
He remembered, something was wrong. Sherlock was in trouble.  He struggled to open his eyes, to say something.
"Yes. Home," Sherlock replied agreeably, and burrowed his forehead into John's shoulder.
"Sherlock, don’t you
did he find it, and where did he learn how to
“Not a thing.  She showed up, went inside, and the downstairs lights went on.  A couple of hours later, Armstrong showed up, dragged the bins around from the back garden, and went in.  An hour after that, you came home.”  John sighed.  “It’s been a rather long day.”
“If you want
“We’re in town to play Oxford for a special televised throwback game, with classic-looking jerseys and all.  Huge spectacle, for our level of play.  We got here on Wednesday night; yesterday morning we woke up and practiced on the big pitch, to get the feel of it, and last night we came back to the hotel for the team dinner.  Until then, everything was right as rain.  After dinner the boys got a free evening… well, they’re supposed to take it easy in the hotel, socialize in the lounge or in their rooms, but they can leave, if they really want to, they just have to check out and give us an idea of their plans.  But Jeff didn’t… and it’s not like him, either… that’s the really strange part…” Overton seemed to be getting less coherent as he got more emotional.  John was waiting for Sherlock to roll his eyes and unleash a verbal slap to Overton, but it never happened.  John interceded anyway.
, he thought;
"Sherlock?" John said, in an odd, flat voice.
“Mmm,” was all Sherlock said, eyes glittering but not focused on anything in the taxi.
When they arrived at the place John presumed they were staying, he couldn’t help but let out a curious snort. It was a brightly colored Victorian townhouse with an ornate yellow-and-red brick facade, well-kept and practically dripping with flowers. Sherlock grinned, said “All for a good reason, trust me,” then got out and held the taxi door for John.
“Well, after we -- after you… went to bed last night, I realized I’d been so focused on Armstrong I may not have... considered all of our options,” Sherlock said, carefully looking at his coffee and not at John.
"Ah, then tonight we’re pretending I don’t notice you stealing from my plate so you can maintain the illusion that you
John thought.
, John thought. "Well, the coat definitely helps," he said, "but to be honest, I think I might have mild hypothermia; I’m not sure I’m thinking entirely clearly."
A few minutes later they heard Sgt. Donovan distantly calling “Oi, Freak!  You here?” in the warehouse behind them, and managed to draw her attention down to the river.  And not even her snide little digs as she freed them with bolt cutters could put a damper on what had turned out to be, all things considered, a pretty spectacular evening.
"Nonsense. I’m not
"Right," John said.  "And that's not -- you don't --"
"Sherlock," John said, then took a deep breath and looked at the floor.
“Of course I am; how dare you!” shouted the tiny old man, who by now was quite purple.  “But I didn’t get to where I am by being stupid with my money, and Geoffrey won’t thank me if I squander his inheritance when he’s just off having a nervous breakdown and finding himself!”
“Okay, here’s what I’m willing to do.  We’ll say that you were here, in the labs at Cambridge, and while experimenting you gave yourself a nasty gash and you need some antibiotics.  I won’t write it for you, but I’ll call Sarah and ask her to do it.  And if you’re lucky, she’ll say yes.”
"Really, John, I know it's early, but if you can't keep up with--"
“And what sorts of interactions will this have with my high blood pressure medication?” demanded the elderly woman, glaring at the head chemist.
“Yes, I hadn’t -- of course.  I’m sorry to have doubted your judgement, Mr. Overton.  Of course, it was wise to consult a detective about Geoffrey’s disappearance.  I shall have to tell Liam to lock the good silver in the vault tonight, as well.  And you, sir,” he said sharply, jabbing his umbrella at Sherlock.  “I still don’t approve of extravagance in general… but if you need a few pounds to assist you in the investigation, contact my secretary.” At this, Lord Mount-James extracted a business card from his inside pocket and handed it to Sherlock.  “And I expect regular progress reports, as well.”
"What do you mean, why?"
John’s mouth snapped shut, and his eyes narrowed.  He realized he was trying to suppress a constant, full-body shiver as he stuffed his fists as deep as they could go into the pockets of his inadequate cardigan, and he thought,
Cyril Overton”
about this, when I
Naturally, Sherlock more or less heard the thought as it crossed John’s mind.  He shifted in the darkness and sent water lapping in all directions, then took a deep breath and began, “John — “
“Mmmmm, no,” Sherlock said primly, although as he turned away he was struggling to keep his mouth from twisting into a smile.
“Did you just… throw a
"What do you want me to say that I haven’t said already?  Badgering me isn’t going to get us out of here any faster."
“Didn’t ask,” John replied.  “So you probably didn’t hear a word I said to your bedroom door, did you? Is this always where you are when I think you’re ignoring me?”
“Come. Inside.” John insisted, so he made a big show of sighing and rolling his eyes before he flicked his filter into the alleyway and ducked inside his bedroom window.
“Hang on, the man at the chemist’s yesterday?” John asked, incredulous.
“Sherlock, I’ve invited a potential client over… he was one of my teammates back when I played rugby for Blackheath.  He coaches for Cambridge now, and one of his stars has gone missing.”  There was no visible reaction from Sherlock, who continued to experiment on John’s jumper, so John took that as a sign to continue.
“So Jeff gets this mysterious email from his Director of Studies, goes outside to the parking lot to return her call, and is never seen again. Meanwhile she knows he’s missing, and is hostile and defensive towards us,” John summarized. “Unfortunately she’s a dead end, or at least a brick wall. What’s our next move?”
"You. Sherlock Holmes. Laid here and did nothing, didn't get up and experiment, didn't read, didn't leave without telling me to pursue armed suspects; didn't, in fact, do any number of other, far more interesting things for fifty seven minutes, and instead sat here and watched me sleep, and I want to know, why?"
Seriously, John… This could be bad.  Really bad.  Sod the match and the university, it’s Jeff I’m worried about.  I’m really hoping you can help us.  Let me know what you think about taking the case as soon as possible.
be there.  So now they were handcuffed together through a steel bridge support not too far from the warehouse, standing in a couple of feet of water, waiting to see if high tide or exposure could finish them off before they were noticed and rescued.
“Do you?” Armstrong asked, one eyebrow raised.  “Do you see how these kids had to tear themselves apart from the day they found each other, because if anyone knew, Jeff’s future would be over?  And not just the damned inheritance, not just his only flesh and blood rejecting him for who he loves, but his Cambridge education, and any chance of a good career outside of rugby.  Which would also be over, as the Lord Mount-James is a powerful man, and his whims can close doors as well as open them.”
“Well obviously, she knows the answer to ‘wherever Staunton is and whatever he’s doing,’ and her last comment proves that she’s personally invested in the matter.  That means she has a blind spot, a weakness that we can exploit, to get that information.  She’ll be emotional, she won’t be thinking as clearly as she could be, she’ll make mistakes.  And then, we’ll have her!”  Sherlock cried.  “And… and then, we’ll find Staunton,” he added, clearly as an afterthought but before John could glare at him.
Later. They’d finally managed to identify their suspect and apprehend him from among the rich dinner guests without alarming anyone. Lacking its usual brisk chase and dramatic conclusion, the quiet end to this case seemed almost anticlimactic. They summoned a cab to take them home, and John held open the door for Sherlock, who felt his pulse thundering in his ears anyway.
Mr. Holmes,
"This is awful, John.
“Let’s go, John,” Sherlock said, grabbing the hem of John’s coat sleeve and pulling him from the darkness of that house into the weak winter light.
“No, Sherlock, you are not going to leave me here cooped up all day with no information, then come in here raging at me like I did something wrong.  No, you are going to tell me right now what happened to you, from the time you left this room until you got back.  Otherwise I will walk out of here right now, and meet you at home when you’re done with whatever the hell you’re playing at.”  John’s voice remained steady, but his hand was starting to tremble slightly.
"No, we’ve lost them," Sherlock rumbled next to his ear, reading his mind. "This’ll be Lestrade and Donovan."
John was asleep when he felt a weight hit the inadequately-sprung hotel mattress.  His instincts registered it as "not a threat," and he went back to sleep.
Sherlock was still fiddling with the fire, so John leaned in the doorway with his arms crossed and just watched him for a moment. Then Sherlock stood up, brushing his hands on his trousers, and looked back at John.
“John, I know may not always find it worth my time to uphold social conventions, but you do realize I’m not actually an unhinged lunatic?  Of course I let her drive off.  I didn’t want her involving the police, for one thing.”
"John, I -- I'm sorry," Sherlock said, pulling away, eyes wide.
ugly,” Sherlock said, spreading it out for a better look.  “
“And yet we spend how much on taxis?” John wondered aloud.
"Sit with me for a minute?"
At that he popped out of the cab, leaving John to pay (as usual). Then Sherlock led the way straight to an unassuming and unwelcoming entrance that looked more like a service door than the main entrance to a major university department, as though he had been there many times before. He held the door open for John, who found himself in a dimly lit, wood-panelled lobby about to engage in a three-way collision with a startled departmental secretary and a nearby reception desk. John and the young woman tried and failed to get out of each others’ way a few times, while Sherlock rolled his eyes.
"It’s not your fault, Sherlock.  I’m a grown adult; I accept the risks we take when—"
” special exhibit before it leaves, so if we’ve got nothing on…”
"Jim," John called out from the ground, his voice remarkably normal for how much blood was pooling under him. Sherlock sank to his side and began searching for a wound, but John never took his eyes off Moriarty.
Then, just as the sound of broken sobbing began upstairs, another knock came at the door.  The three of them continued to look at each other until finally the door swung open and a familiar figure entered the room.
"No, Sherlock, listen to me," John said, and Sherlock stopped and turned back when he realized John wasn’t following him anymore.  "We are going over to that little sandwich shop," John said, "and I am going to eat a thing, and you are too if you know what’s good for you."
They’d been sneaking around a derelict warehouse by the river one night, investigating a gang that moved stolen property.  Unfortunately, Sherlock hadn’t anticipated that several members of the gang would
"He doesn’t need
!" John hissed, momentarily losing control.  Then he took a quick breath and continued, "I’m just saying. Things still aren’t… easy, for me, and I — thank you for standing with me through, well, everything.  That’s all.  I just had to say it."
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and set his jaw, and stalked off to find (presumably) something precious of John’s to dip in acid or light on fire.  John decided not to care, and reached for his laptop.
“Jeff,” Mr. Hollister said distantly, as though he were trying to translate a foreign language.  “Yes, Jeff is -- he’s upstairs with Jason,” he managed, then bowed his head into his hands and began to weep audibly.  John patted Mr. Hollister’s back awkwardly, and Mr. Hollister straightened and cleared his throat.  “But like I was saying, you’re too late.  Jason just -- he’s… gone,” he said, eyes welling again.
Oh.  Hospital.
"I'm a doctor, I'd know if I were having apnea," John said.  "Really, what was it?"
"Thanks for backing me up in there," John said, as the doors slid closed.
Overton stepped forward hesitantly.  “Hello sir, I’m Cyril Overton, Jeff’s rugby coach and the person who contacted you.  This is Sherlock Holmes, the private detective --”
This news hit the Lord Mount-James much like a bucket of cold water; he paled visibly and a soft “oh!” escaped him before he was rendered entirely speechless.
Armstrong closed her eyes and took a deep breath.  “You’ll have noticed that, publicly, the boys aren’t acquainted,” she said.
The train ride was surprisingly pleasant, even though Sherlock couldn’t stop deducing the personal lives of the other passengers and collecting angry stares. Or maybe John was so desperate for a holiday that just getting out of London was a relief, Sherlock notwithstanding. Either way, in order to maintain the illusion, John avoided mentioning the case unless Sherlock did. He’d decided that, while his concern for Jeff’s safety was serious, the case was likely to be relatively straightforward, and therefore it was in his best interest to stay out of Sherlock’s way and hope the case’s entertainment value lasted as long as possible.
But the real problem with Sherlock’s haircut was that John couldn’t stop looking at it, for some reason.  He found himself outright staring more than once, back at the flat, until Sherlock called him out on it.  Fortunately, not long after that they got invited to a crime scene, which was at least a distraction for both of them.  But as the day wore on John started stealing little sideways glances again, wondering how so small a change could have such a huge impact on his friend’s appearance.  He wondered if it would feel different to the touch, the way his own hair felt paradoxically softer after a trim.  He thought about how different it was to ruffle short hair, rather than running one’s fingers through longer curls.  He considered —
“I had her, John.  I had her!” he shouted.  “There was absolutely no way she could have spotted me.  How did she know?” Sherlock ripped the scarf from his throat and hurled it on the floor, then yanked himself out of his coat and threw it at the sofa.
“Happy St. Nicholas’ day.  Shame you ran off before I could give it to you, you could have used it.  Too late now, you’re cut off for the night.”
“After you,” John replied, with a fond (if a bit puzzled) expression.  Sherlock led the way past Overton and the Lord Mount-James into the hall.  John found him standing at the top of the stairs, hands in the pockets of his coat.  They left the hotel together, and Sherlock hailed a cab almost as soon as they hit the sidewalk.  Once they were comfortably settled inside, it was time to talk.
Now John and Sherlock were in a cab trying to get home across London through evening traffic, and Sherlock was apparently planning to spend the entire longer-than-usual ride silently glaring out his window, looking like thunder.  Finally, John (
"If you were my imagination, you wouldn't have stopped me," Sherlock said, and John suddenly felt like he was on fire from the inside.  It took every fiber of willpower John had to remember where they were and what condition Sherlock was in.
It was 4:08 am, and they were still at NSY giving statements to Lestrade’s people. This was the part John hated most — the mystery had been solved, the suspect was caught, and now they were in a little windowless room telling the same story over and over again to various people who didn’t actually care.  Well, Sherlock was talking to them; John was trying not to doze off with his head resting on his right arm.
"What-- was I having a nightmare?" John asked.
Apparently Armstrong could too, because she studied Sherlock’s face, brows furrowed, for a long minute.  Finally, she nodded.  “I believe you,” she said.  “Now go.”
Several nurses or paramedics and two women in business-professional clothes entered the house, one of whom guided Mr. Hollister to another room, presumably to deal with his grief in private.  The rest went upstairs to take care of Jeff and Jason.  That left Dr. Armstrong alone with John and Sherlock, who had finally snapped out of his paralysis and was striding toward her with a look of concern John could almost believe was sincere.  She saw Sherlock coming, however, and shrugged him off with a hateful look.
"Brilliant," John said, golden in the firelight.
“Until I hear that from the police, I’ll thank you not to run around making wild accusations and inciting panic for no reason,” Dr. Armstrong spat. “Beyond that, nothing that transpires between myself and my students is any business of yours.”
“Whatever you’d like,” Sherlock said absently, and then he was off. A moment later John saw him striding down the street towards the university, with his hands in his pockets and his coat collar up.
(Sherlock took this opportunity to unceremoniously fling Overton’s coat away from himself, in the general direction of furniture but clearly nowhere in the vicinity of the coat hook.)
“Well, you could stay here and keep an eye on Armstrong’s house again --”
, he thought; then,
“I get it.  Totally practical, not a souvenir at all,” John said, then cleared his throat and attempted to look serious.  This lasted for all of three seconds, before he and Sherlock both cracked up again.  “You should see if Greg’s people know where to get them fixed, so you can start using them on cases again.”
“You sure, mate? You look a bit… green,” John said. Again, Sherlock neither moved nor spoke (for too long, John thought), but then he turned his head, took a deep breath, and dived into a frantic monologue.
going after what made him happy and staying involved with her insanity that did it.  And if life is short, then… that makes it even more important to spend it with people you actually love, whatever the cost.”
Moriarty whirled around as John came through the door, gun drawn. He quickly realized his backup had been neutralized, and raised both hands, smiling. "You got me, boys." He nodded, and backed up a few paces. "You got me."  The smile dropped, and Moriarty's face became cold. "But not for long." Like lightning, he pulled a pistol out of his suit jacket and fired at John, then as John collapsed and Sherlock ran to him, he calmly dropped the gun and walked towards the emergency exit.
“Okay,” John said at last, “it should be ready by the time we walk over there.”
“No,” Sherlock said, “that wasn’t in his email. I told you, I studied here for University. Apparently they haven’t re-thought their computer security system all that much in the last decade.” He paused, then admitted, “And I may have learned a few things since then, too.”
Then they paused for a moment to catch their breath, and made eye contact.  Sherlock could swear he saw the almost-manic hilarity in John’s eyes relax into a… a sort of a fondness, he thought.  But as soon as even a trace of the beginning of this thought crossed Sherlock’s mind, one of those buzzing jolts ran through him, and he turned away from John both physically and mentally.
—” John took a deep breath that was almost a sob, and finally looked away (but did not loosen his grip one bit).
“Yes.  So it occurred to me that Staunton probably had many acquaintances who could provide me with what were perhaps weaker leads, but then, they were also considerably less clever at hiding anything from me.  And I was right, I didn’t even have to interview anyone in person; just their Facebook profiles were enough.
“Dr. Armstrong, I am incredibly sorry for what’s happened here today, and for intruding on it,” Sherlock said.  John waited for the “but,” but it never came.
* * *
"Then why are we still hiding?" John whispered.
When they arrived at the chemist’s, there was a bit of a crowd.  Sherlock sighed and rolled his eyes impatiently, but his performance failed to hurry the elderly grandmother who was consulting with the head chemist.
“I have an idea or two,” Sherlock said evasively.  “Come on, the first stop’s only a couple of blocks from here.”
“I assure you, Doctor, I’m not here to interfere in any way.  Clearly nothing criminal has happened, and my client, Jeff’s coach, only wanted me to determine whether Jeff was in danger and needing assistance due to his mysterious disappearance.  As far as I’m concerned, that job is done -- I found him, and I see no need to disturb him.  Nor will anyone else.”  Sherlock spoke in a low, soothing tone, but John could hear the dangerous hardness underneath his last sentence.
"No, John, I think we’re done for the night.  Any further questioning can wait until tomorrow, can’t it, Gerald?"
"Certainly," Lestrade replied with his sunniest smile.  "We
At first, John thought they were chasing down Dr. Armstrong’s backtrail to investigate her routine. But as the day wore on, John became increasingly suspicious that Sherlock was just touring John around Cambridge to show him the sights. John thought there’d been enough friction between them already this weekend, and he didn’t want to shatter the fragile peace they’d established by asking. He resolved to go back to his attitude of “follow Sherlock’s lead and hope the case’s entertainment value lasts as long as possible,” if he could.
As petty and insignificant a detail as that was, Sherlock’s mind was stuck on it; it was like a song in one’s head that would not go away. He had a sudden etymological epiphany as he felt his mind chewing at the strangeness of John’s appearance over and over and accomplishing nothing, like a beast ruminating in a field. Even worse was that he was pleased by the distraction, that it was interesting rather than irritating.
Sherlock’s smile took on a predatory glint, then he slowly pressed John up against the doorframe and kissed him breathless.
“NOW, Sherlock.”
“Nothing solid; I need more data…” Sherlock trailed off into silence for a moment, then said triumphantly, “But I think I just found our next lead.”
“Really, John, I’m --”
“Well, that’s the odd thing.  They both appear in the photos of several social events they both attended, but never directly interacting with one another.  They’re in the same college at Cambridge, but have never taken a class together.  According to Cambridge records they even come from the same village, and yet they appear to have never met.  And now, tragically, Jason’s illness has progressed to the point where he’s withdrawn from school for medical reasons.  The very day that Staunton disappeared, in fact.”  Sherlock paused and made The Face at John, indicating that the rest should be obvious.
Oh.  Sherlock.
Moriarty paused, then shrugged and turned back. "Oh, what the hell. Yes, John?" he responded politely. "Last words, I presume?"
It wasn't the first time the git had booked them a single, insisting he wouldn't sleep, then invaded John's bed in the middle of the night.  "He must maintain the pretense of being superhuman," John thought groggily, "good thing he can trust me to keep his secret."
And suddenly, John found he no longer cared about work at all.
“I’m just wondering,” Sherlock continued, “on a purely personal level, mind you; why was it so important to protect them, if there was a perfectly legitimate reason for Jeff's disappearance?  Why were you so determined to throw me off, when a short and civil conversation would have ended my involvement?  It’s not to protect the family’s privacy; they’ve been all over the news with the fundraiser already.”
much as he got up.  He made his way to the front hall and threw the switch he knew controlled the decorations, then paused for a moment to reflect on knowing his way around the Holmes’ house so well.  With a solemn, grateful sort of contentment, he turned back to the sitting room to gather his flatmate and head off to their room.
When he decided they were far enough away from the chemist’s, John asked “Did you see what you needed to?”
"Oh, for God’s sake, Sherlock," John said, then ran one hand into the curls at the nape of Sherlock’s neck and kissed him.
"What a fucking mess we are," John said, giggling; then he leaned up and kissed him.
“But surely you’re concerned about Jeff; he’s your only flesh and blood!” exclaimed Overton.
“No, but it’s quite urgent,” Sherlock said in a soft voice, evidently trying to hypnotise Lucy through intense eye contact. “I assure you, Dr. Armstrong will be glad to speak with me, once she knows why I’m here.”
"Shut up, Sherlock," John said in a warm, low voice like honey that Sherlock had never heard before.  Then, as he passed Sherlock and went through the door, he reached up and kissed him; briefly and awkwardly, but with intent.  "I’ve been putting that off for too long, too," John said in that same strange but electrifying voice, then he ducked into the restaurant’s foyer.
"I’m too warm.  The air is stifling in here.  Open a window?"
Sherlock scoffed, “Is that an order,
Sherlock opened the bag and found what looked like a crystal dish, wrapped in paper.  He raised an eyebrow at John, who giggled and said, “Ashtray.  Nicked it from the Gala last night,” and handed him a glass of wine.
to tell him what’s going on,” Sherlock sneered.  “I’m sure he’ll be along any minute to rub my nose in getting caught.”
"Brilliant," John said with that perfect, incredulous smile that lit up his whole face.  He was beaming at Sherlock as though they were alone in the room, possibly in the entire world; as though solving the case was a performance Sherlock put on solely for John’s benefit.  (
they hadn’t called Lestrade (or anyone else, for that matter) beforehand to say where they were going. Sherlock made halfhearted attempts to fiddle with the lock every half-hour or so, but it was too rusted for him to pick without the proper tools.  The best thing that could be said about the situation was that Sherlock had his coat despite the unseasonably warm day (
Rather than fighting back or trying to subdue Sherlock, John remained as still as he could under the assault, and said "Sherlock, it's me!  Stand down, it's over, we're here to get you out."
