She gives him a little finger wave and winks as she breezes out the door, calling out a goodbye over her shoulder as she goes.
Cas shakes it before checking the time and confirming the M&M panel should’ve begun already, “Where’s Pamela? Is she here yet?”
They’d reached the bottom of the stairs when Cas finally looked back at him again, pausing at the big metal door to the outside world.
“Okay, then,” Sam replied, standing up. “I already talked this one over with Jack and he’s getting packed right now. I just need to throw a few things in a bag and we can leave.”
Dean gave a little shrug and it was Cas’s turn to give him a reassuring kiss before pulling back with a smile on his face.
The morning flew by in a flurry of activity and conversations. The dreaded assembly speech was exactly as painful as Cas had assured him it would be. The audience laughed at Dean’s jokes and applauded when he’d sat back down, and Cas gave him a reassuring smile as the next speaker took the podium.
Feathers had probably been online all day, too. It was a thought that left Dean inexplicably out of sorts. Feathers had been planning on passing the time talking with him, after all, and Dean had oh so casually not even considered his feelings in all of this. He’d had a difficult time not obsessing over it while he’d been out with Charlie, but after the third time she’d caught him checking Discord, she’d taken his phone and told him it was his idea to go out and have fun to forget about claims for the day. He’d argued with her, but she was the queen, and the threat of demotion back to handmaiden had sealed the deal.
“Yes,” Claire says, snagging the keys from Jody’s hand and shaking them above her head as she leads Donna and Jody to the back door. “Congrats on the moderately cool wheels, Sam.”
Dean gave him a glimmer of a smile and shook his head. “Gotta write it first. As soon as I get around to writing the two dozen other things I’ve got notes for already.”
If Cas hadn’t kept right on walking and talking, leading him through the halls, Dean was pretty sure he would’ve dazedly walked into a wall. He struggled to hold himself together, focusing on what Cas was saying instead.
“You look like you’ve already got your entire weekend planned,” Cas said after a moment. “Have you been acclimating well to life in our little town?”
“Shall we reconvene back at the ol’ homestead and commiserate over dinner tonight?” Donna suggested as they made their way to the door. “I mean, unless the two of you already had plans.”
“What if Heaven didn’t have walls? What if everyone was free to see whoever they wanted, and make new memories instead of living only in the past?”
“We gotta eat, and I can’t have you hanging around the house in just a towel. What would Sammy say if he came home to that?”
Dean nods. “Yeah, I’ve known Pamela since I moved out here when Sam started at Stanford, at least six or seven years ago now. My shop’s literally next door to her office. She’s real good people.”
If Dean had a story idea for a gay romance novel, then odds were that Dean was at least bisexual himself. Or at least that’s what Cas would’ve thought if he’d written their lunch date into one of his fics. After a moment he kicked himself and reminded himself that real life didn’t operate on the rules of fiction. He’d never make assumptions like that about real people, especially when Dean himself hadn’t mentioned a single past relationship nor his own orientation directly. But Cas wouldn’t discount the fact, either. If nothing else, it gave him a little bit of hope that Dean wouldn’t be entirely opposed to taking their relationship further, in time.
Charlie groaned. “Yeah, it is. She started using her father’s name after high school. Apparently she only found out who her father was when she turned eighteen and inherited his money. Before that she’d gone by her mother’s name.”
“No, silly, I forwarded everything to the front page editor of the Miami Tribune. He was very interested in what I’d managed to uncover, and I’ve always wanted to be an anonymous source in a huge public scandal. The story’s hopefully going to press by Sunday. I’ll let you know when it runs, but needless to say, this is
“The sexy kind,” Dean answers as he follows Cas into the bathroom. “Whoa, your bathroom’s like some weird cave. I kinda dig it.”
That gave Dean an idea to at least derail the motel conversation for a minute. “Contagious, huh? Maybe we should go in as CDC and work it like an outbreak.”
His phone buzzed again with the reminder it was time to put the bread in the oven. That also meant he’d officially made it to the afternoon without getting called back to work. Dean rapped his knuckles against the wood of the desk and hoped his lucky streak would continue as he got to his feet.
Cas shrugs and moves on to the next box, setting out the few trinkets and photos it contains on his dresser while Gabriel watches. He moves the bottle of whiskey Gabriel had given him aside. While his back is turned, he says in a quiet voice, “Thank you again, for everything you’re doing for me, Gabriel.”
“Was that okay?” Cas asks, and Dean chokes on a laugh, resting his forehead down on Cas’s unbandaged shoulder before looking back up and kissing him again.
He nodded. “I didn’t actually know her name was Charlie until yesterday, until I put it together with something you’d said, after seeing those pictures. I’d expected her to be online yesterday, knee deep in Pinefest art claims drama. She told me she’d been invited out by a friend, and told me I could tag along vicariously through her tumblr posts. When I saw that
“Whatever happens,” Cas promised him, “when we wake up in the warehouse, I will want to continue this. We can stop on the way back to the bunker and buy a Christmas tree, if you’d like. Perhaps we’ll be able to find some of the same decorations,” he added, patting Dean’s pocket where the photo of the two of them still sat. “Or make our own.”
“Same here. All I could manage to get out of the security office was that there were four new residents joining the department this year, so it’s nice to meet you a day early.”
Cas frowned at him but pressed on. “This has nothing to do with the last time I was human, Dean. And this wasn’t a decision that I had any doubts about this time. You know I’ve been alive for billions of years.”
“Plus I’ve been meaning to get a car sooner or later. I’ve got enough in savings to either get something cheap or else put a decent downpayment on something nicer. And getting it now means I won’t have to fuck over your whole schedule for the next month or so. It’s not just mornings, you know? I’m gonna need a ride home, too, during your busiest time of day.”
They stayed there, exchanging kisses and exploring each other, until the cumulative effect of the alcohol began to take its toll. They slowly drifted off, holding each other tight, finally feeling like the world had settled into place.
“Cas, please, just take care of yourself for once, okay? Then you’re gonna let me bandage up all those scrapes I know you’re hiding under that filthy shirt,” he added, pointing at Cas’s flannel spattered with mud and blood and ghoul guts.
By the time  they’d returned to the bunker, they’d both felt settled and at peace with their relationship. They hadn’t walked through the door and made a big announcement, nor had they sat Sam down for a serious discussion. They mostly carried on the way they always had. It wasn’t like getting together after all those years suddenly changed who they were, or shattered the previous nature of their relationship. Cas had moved his few possessions into Dean’s room over the course of a few days, and shared his bed every night. It wasn’t as if they’d been trying to keep anything secret, and Dean had been half expecting Sam to notice the cosmic shift that had occurred between them. When Sam hadn’t said anything after a few days, Dean wondered if he’d even noticed. A few days after that, it started to feel like far more of a big deal to say anything than to just keep going on like they had been. The longer it stretched out, the more awkward Dean figured the eventual conversation would be. But true to form, every time Dean managed to work himself up to sitting Sam down for the big talk, the world kept getting in the way of letting him have that conversation at all. And now here they were, pressed up against Dean’s door the same way they were in that motel bathroom, and all thoughts of anything aside from
Cas smiled at him, raising an eyebrow in response. “I got my masters in library science at the University of Maryland. I got a job working for a federal agency after I graduated, but I found the work rather soul crushing. I really wanted to work at a school, but I’d all but given up finding a position. For a while I was considering moving back home to Chicago and hoping for better luck when this job opened up.”
Dean poured Sam a glass of water and set a bottle of pills on the table in front of him. Sam gave him a confused look, but he read everything he needed to know from the surge of hope he felt from Dean. Nothing about this helped clarify what the hell had happened while he’d been away, other than making him damn sure he didn’t need to ever hear any of the details.
Dean turns back to glare at Claire for another minute before straightening up and tugging off his jacket while issuing her a list of conditions.
Cas snuggled up to Dean, all the anxiety and awkwardness of the previous night washed away. “Do you not want to go fishing?”
Amara picked up the thread again. “It was essential that everyone was able to choose their own fate for themselves. It’s the baseline we established for the new natural order, after all.”
Dean shrugged one shoulder. “Never really thought I could, you know? Spent most of the last decade playing cosmic catch up. It didn’t really leave a lot of time for a social life.” Dean snorted at the recollection and then grinned at Cas. “Even you judged me once for never going to parties.”
He dragged himself back home hours later than he’d hoped, with the single minded desire to wash the entire day off himself and maybe crawl into bed early. He’d forgotten about the chicken entirely until he’d opened the front door to be greeted with the aroma of rosemary and sage. The second it hit him, his mouth started watering and his stomach growled. He glanced down at it and patted it apologetically as he kicked off his shoes and headed straight for the kitchen.
Dean snorted out an acknowledgement and wished Cas pleasant dreams as he dragged himself to his room.
Dean nods, “Hey,”  remembers his mission, and ambles across the kitchen to the coffee pot, which is now regrettably empty. He picks it up anyway, turning back toward Sam and mimes filling his cup.
“Your lines are sharp and clear, there’s no bleeding or fading or irregularity in the colors,” the doctor begins. “Sam is young, so he hasn’t had his tattoos long enough for them to age poorly, but it’s clear your work is still well above average. I’ve never seen such realistic tattoos of flowers or vines before. And the dog--”
“You’re a good man, Dean. When the time is right, you will find someone who will be as happy to be with you as you are with them.”
Dean double checked all his personal weapons, and then guided Cas through the process of stashing as wide a variety of guns and knives about his person as humanly possible. They couldn’t exactly wear full hunter gear, heavy coats and all, and still look like a believable bunch of casually picnicking friends.
“And alligators,” Cas added, returning the bottle to its place on the table. “We should stop at the berry farm on the way and stock up on the good bread. I’ve missed the good bread.”
Sam surprised her by placing his order already, and then Cas surprised Sam by ordering himself the same bacon cheeseburger that he’d ordered for Dean. When the waitress left, Dean still hadn’t returned, and Sam could hear him working up the nerve to face both him and Cas again.
Cas gave him an approving nod and led the way back to his office, pulling out the cart of books and passing it to Dean. “Then who am I to stand in the way of a generous offer like that?”
Cas shrugged and roughly dried his hair. “My guess is that it should fade with the sunrise. We could try telling a lie to test it and make sure.”
: Okay, I have dinner, comfy clothes, and my laptop. It wasn’t that complicated. Though I admire your restraint. I half expected to come home to notes on my first chapter.
Cas read over his final chapter, tweaked a few sentences and corrected a typo or two. When he was satisfied his draft was as good as he could make it without a complete editing pass, he copied the link and went back to let Impala know. The man had almost derailed their entire conversation to discuss roller coasters, of all things. He’d had to stop himself from telling Impala about the time his uncle had taken him skydiving as a child. It hadn’t been his choice, but that hadn’t stopped Uncle Marv from shoving him out of the plane anyway. He insisted it would build character, but to a 12-year-old who’d only gone up in the plane with him because he’d promised him an adventure, the only thing it had built was a resentment and distrust of his uncle for the rest of his life.
Dean was halfway down the hill when Ed finally spotted him. He saw Ed blow out a sigh of relief before shutting off the engine, grabbing a backpack off the passenger seat, and climbing out of the van.
Dean froze for a moment, thinking back over his whole day, his lunch with Cas, and then all the time he spent helping out in the library. Somehow that felt more like cheating than the hour he stole afterward to edit. It felt weirdly wrong to mention how else he’d spent his time at work, so Dean just let it go for now. He intended to open up more to Feathers, but somehow talking about Cas definitely felt like the wrong place to start.
“That’s not really what the CDC does, ma’am,” Sam replied with relief, letting his hands drop back to his sides and finally meeting the Chief’s eyes again. “We’re only concerned about the potential long-term health effects if there was some sort of organic process at work here. We don’t want to arouse panic, but we are concerned that this could be just a symptom of a more sinister problem.”
Cas shrugged. “Gloria will bring his memory with her, whether or not they’re true soul mates who will share a heaven. She’ll be happy there. Much happier than she’d been stuck in her empty house alone, mourning the life she’d lost. Her life with her husband was a gift she can treasure for an eternity now.”
Dean took another gulp of whiskey and shook his head. “It’s not even really about the coffee, Cas. It’s about how you make me think twice about shit like that, like you got an opinion on what kinda coffee we get, or what flavor ice cream, or what to have for dinner, or if we’re gonna go hang out and shoot pool. Like you really live here and you’re just as human as me and that’s all just the new normal now.”
Cas made a little noise of understanding. “Then I’m grateful Mrs. Cartwright was able to reach out to you. The Edlund School is lucky to have you, and it seems we owe that at least in part to her.”
“Dude, you’re worse than my friend Charlie,” Dean said with a laugh. “She’s a regular taskmaster, at least when she’s not the one trying to distract me.”
He’d asked the question in all seriousness, but it had taken Dean completely by surprise. In an instant Dean became uncomfortably aware of just how close the two of them had drifted together on the sofa. He’d leaned in closer to follow Cas’s note taking, and Cas had leaned in closer to ask for Dean’s input, and over the course of a few hours they’d plate-tectoniced themselves right into this massive earthquake zone without even realizing it.
“That’s a respectable grade in shop class you got there,” Dean said, and let his results speak for themselves.
“It’s settled, then. I’ll take you car shopping tomorrow night after work, and then we can find a nice spot up in the city for a celebratory dinner out,” Gabriel says, slapping a hand down on Castiel’s knee and pushing the laptop over in front of him. It’s open to a local car dealership’s website, with a glaringly red SUPER SALE banner and a scrolling slide show of available vehicles. “In case you wanna get a head start on picking out your new wheels.”
Unnatural Evil didn’t start out any different. The team explored a dilapidated settlement in a wooded valley-- not much more than a few ramshackle cabins, mostly reclaimed by the forest. It looked like nobody had lived there in at least a few decades, which Lorna confirmed as she recounted the history of the community. She mentioned several unexplained deaths, a blight on the land-- which had all of them snorting just looking at the lush vegetation swallowing the handful of buildings-- and the lingering cloud of suspicion that followed the only residents to escape the settlement for the rest of their lives.
They called it a night on the early side and made plans to sample the rest of the whiskey the next time they all had a night off together.
“Seeing as Sam isn’t the one who died on your operating table, I think we’ll be fine, ethically speaking,” Pamela assures him with a grin. “Plus, Sam is strictly here in an administrative capacity. I’ll be the one handling everything else.”
There, that was vague enough to dodge the whole fandom conversation he’d been putting off with Dean. The comment that he’d meant to heal the sudden rift he’d thought he’d broken open between them had stunned Dean into silence. He gave him a strange look, but eventually nodded in acceptance of Cas’s excuse and went back to his lunch. Cas watched him for a minute or two as he processed it, and came to a resolution.
“Well at least it looks like we won’t be waiting long to see the doctor, anyway,” Dean mutters under his breath as he finally hands Sam his phone and hurries back to the car.
“Um, yeah, fine. Like I used to,” Ed replied with a sigh before going on the defensive. “And there’s no harm done if they were. A few lights, a couple of small explosive charges hidden around to take out a collapsing shack in the woods, and people are entertained. If that’s how this guy wants to earn a few bucks, more power to him. But, uh… then I saw the death echo and it brought me back to the Morton house. That wasn’t fake. And waving your hands around and telling a death echo to leave, that’s not gonna do shit. No salt and burn, nothing. Ghosts don’t just pick up and leave because you mumble some broken Latin at them. So I started looking deeper. The more I learned, the fishier this guy looks.”
Dean leaned to the side enough to get a good look at Ed around Cas, and grinned at him. “Trust me, this is so much less awful than dealing with demons. At least Billie’s gonna come down on the side of not fucking over the natural order, which actually works in our favor for once.”
Dean let out an unintentionally ugly little laugh, surprising himself at how much jealousy had been wrapped up in such a small sound. He had no claim on Cas. Hell, he’d only known the guy for a day and a half, he didn’t even have a right to feel jealous at all, and yet there it was.
Dean finds himself just as frustrated as he was the previous night, knowing the design is good but having no canvas to fit it to yet. As technically detailed as he can make the drawing, it’s still impossible to guess what it might look like wrapped around Cas’s skin. From a distance the feathers look almost black, but up close it becomes obvious that there’s not a single drop of black ink in the entire design. Reds, blues, purples, greens, highlighted with streaks of bronze and gold, but absolutely nothing as boring as black.
Dean struggled to come up with a word, so Donna filled it in for him. She leaned her elbows on the table, folding her arms in front of her like she was finally getting the good gossip out of them.
This one wasn’t even in a bar. It was a short video clip of her standing on the sidewalk downtown, sighing into the camera and rolling her eyes.
: No, we just met, Charlie. It’s not like they list sexual orientation on elementary school staff ID badges.
The man at the counter slides a scrap of paper with a stylized monogram drawn on it across the glass toward Claire as she walks over to stand by Jody’s side.
Dean shook his head. “You do remember the part where I take regular road trips to visit my family in South Dakota and Minnesota, right? Like, I spent Christmas in fucking Wisconsin. I know from cold.”
Jack did as he was bid and set about explaining the entire last year that she’d missed out on. He explained how Chuck had been manipulating all of their lives, inflicting every last horrific choice on them to try to force them to enact the tragic story he wanted them all to relive again and again for his own pleasure. The horror of it all hit Mary when Jack described his own death and the process of transformation he’d had to endure to regain his own soul and make himself into a perfect weapon to destroy Chuck. By the time he reached the end of his story, Mary had tears staining her cheeks but a relieved smile on her face. She reached out and rested a hand on his shoulder.
Dean grunted, and then made a bold suggestion. “Tell them they’re all welcome to come over on Saturday, and we’ll give ‘em the full Impala and Feathers meta watching experience.”
“You know,” Dean says quietly, leaning back against the counter and looking down at his feet. He takes a deep breath and looks up at Cas, a strange light of hope in his eyes. “Until about an hour ago, I thought that guy was full of shit. I thought Mick was pulling my leg. He had this thing about tattoos really meaning something, so I thought he was trying to give me a better story to tell than the fires of hell and my fucked up childhood. Even after meeting Pamela, I still thought she was probably the exception. But then I met you, and I…”
Dean stared at him for a moment and then tried to make that sound sensible. “There might be some sort of chemical reaction happening from the fallen leaves. Agent Barnes is our chemical expert. There’s other tests he can run if that’s a factor.”
Cas arches his back and moans, hips rocking up in search of Dean’s body, which is still frustratingly far away. “Hnnng, Dean, please just come down here.”
“We should probably get that x-rayed, then,” Dean finally decides. “I’d tell you to just walk it off, but you haven’t un-hunched since I got here. I don’t think walking’s gonna fix it.”
It wasn’t long before Cas began to stir, and Dean was torn between watching him slowly wake up and slamming his eyes shut to spare Cas the awkwardness. At least that’s what he tried to tell the part of his brain that insisted he was only trying to spare
He gave a nervous laugh, wondering if he went too far in what was supposed to have been a lighthearted attempt at humor. Cas laughed too, and once again, Dean felt a little better for it.
Cas tried to hand him the bar of soap, and in that moment Dean saw the whole grand narrative of his life come together. He let the soap drop and clatter against the tile, scooping Cas’s soapy body into his arms and holding him tight. He muttered lyrics about unicorns and cannonballs into Cas’s ear as he held him, not even bothering to try and hold the tune, speaking the final verses until Cas stilled in his arms and melted into him. Together they swayed back and forth under the water, almost dancing, but feeling the relief of being completely and truly wanted and needed and loved and understood.
“Being Death should be a lot less stressful now, too, without the world threatening to go into collapse every other week because Chuck couldn’t make the Winchesters do his bidding.”
“Yeah,” Donna agreed. “She’s not looking to make friends, but she’s not looking to make enemies, either.”
“I’m pretty sure I love you too, Cas. I mean, I’ve never just connected with anyone like I have with you, like you’re supposed to be in my life. Living without you for the last week actually hurt, but it was better than admitting how much I needed you and then losing you completely. I could’ve lived the rest of our lives and never worked up the courage to tell you.” Dean closed his eyes and rested his forehead against Cas’s, relieved that it was all out in the open now and the world hadn’t ended because of it. “It would’ve hurt less than losing you now would.”
“Your artwork was spared any injury, Dean,” the doctor says, with a hint of laughter in his voice. “Sam’s shoulder is another matter. I ordered x-rays already.”
“Yeah, I really am sorry about that, but you gotta know it’s entirely my fault,” Dean replied. “I just… I guess I am having a hard time adjusting to this, too. But I don’t want my issues to scare you off.” He laughed bitterly and rubbed his eyes. “Believe it or not, it was easier to think I could just push it all down and avoid it until it went away, but, uh, apparently that’s not happening.”
Cas gave him a solemn look and held one hand over his heart, and hoped Dean felt his sincerity. “Not if it’s a burden too great to bear. But I do shop here nearly every weekend, so you’re welcome to join me.”
: I’m facing the same dilemma. I think it’s probably safest for me to sign off now, as well. As soon as I’m home tomorrow night, though, I’ll be diving into your fic. The anticipation will get me through the day.
Dean snorted. “Yeah, but I told you you could go in my room, and you did a better job picking out a frame than I ever could’ve. I mean, I’ve been putting it off for years already. It’s about time I actually enjoyed them instead of being paranoid about the box of them in my closet. I also told you I trusted you with them. I wasn’t lying.”
Sam blinked at her, torn between really seeing her and being carried away on the new rush of thoughts coming from inside the diner. And holy hell, the two of them weren’t wasting any time. He grimaced at the bottle, not because he was afraid of drinking Rowena’s potion, but because it was his last hope of severing that mental connection before he’d be subjected to any more of Dean and Cas’s emotional outpouring. Whatever the side effects might be, it couldn’t be as bad as the combination of acute diabetes and the oncoming aneurism listening to any more of their thoughts would surely give him.
Cas gave him the impressed look that information deserved. “California… Did you go to Stanford, as well?”
Dean shrugged. “It was nothing. Just let me give her a once over every few thousand miles, and we’ll keep her in great shape for you.”
The first souls released looked around at one another, and then saw Wulf with his hands extended toward them in welcome and ran into his embrace. As he took them in his arms they faded until only softly glowing balls of light remained and then disappeared entirely. Wulf smiled in satisfaction that they’d gone to their intended destinations at last, and welcomed the next group. Soul after soul materialized from the stones and lined up for the warm embrace of the afterlife. Dean noticed only a few even bothered to cast Lorna a single glance, let alone rush at her with any intended vengeance.
Dean opened the door across the hall from the bathroom to find shelves stocked with extra pillows, blankets, and towels, as well as a selection of board games and local tourist guidebooks, but definitely no shower. He shut the door and frowned at Sam, who stood in the doorway to his room grinning. He hooked a finger over his shoulder, pointing toward the back wall of the cabin.
“Okay, here comes the part that’s gonna hurt,” Dean says, the needles poised just above Cas’s skin. “Let me know if you need a break. Otherwise I’ll be done in less than an hour, okay?”
Sam shook his head. “No, but I think I’m hearing every thought that goes through your minds. Uh, both of you.”
Rather than let it frustrate him, Dean had always tried to enjoy their online friendship for what it was, until that morning. After years of resigning himself to accepting their relationship as it stood and consigning his unrequited feelings to his fic fodder file, he’d actually let himself hold on to the thinnest sliver of hope after Feathers’ offer, and he was already kicking himself over it. He admitted it to himself; he was terrified to check that message. But he wasn’t gonna let Charlie know it.
They meandered out to the nurse’s station, still half in a daze, to await morning rounds. Jody and Donna were both already there, having a conversation with Alex about their weekend activities. They waved across the long desk at Dean and Cas and went right back to comparing notes on various shops they’d visited on South Beach.
“Yeah, I like my job too much to do anything inappropriate at the hospital. We have just had an object lesson in not pissing off the nursing staff,” Dean said with a grimace. “I’m not interested in a round two of that. Even if it’s not our fault directly, I figure admin will get sick of us starting drama for them sooner or later. And if we both get fired, they’ll kick us out of our cozy little apartment here.”
Dean didn’t look away, even for a second. The longer he looked, the more he was sure that Cas was feeling the exact same tingle of anxious anticipation thrumming through him. He was a little bit terrified, but also hopeful and eager and quite possibly stupidly in love. It gave Dean that tiny bit of insane courage he’d been desperate for. He tossed all his fears to the wind and let that courage speak for him.
Lorna stopped just outside the picnic shelter while Cas and Wulf began setting up the ritual on the nearest table. “Wait, so something Wulf did on the show was too real? And brought you guys down on us?”
“Sounds like we’re pretty much in the same boat, then, huh?” Dean asked, hoping it sounded casual enough not to contain nine layers of innuendo.
Dean takes in the serene space while Cas bustles around tidying up the practically nonexistent mess. He fusses over his little succulent plant, lamenting his neglectful and irresponsible behavior in abandoning it the day before, apologizing to the tiny plant as he takes it into the bathroom and drips a bit of water into the pot. Dean grins at him while he walks it back to its spot on the dresser, turning it until he’s satisfied the plant is happy again.
Billie shows up about an hour later, followed closely by the man who delivers their lunch from some fancy place Cas has never even heard of because it’s on the other side of town. Gabriel teases him again about getting out more, and he retorts that it appears unnecessary when Gabriel has everything conveniently delivered right to the house anyway. It gets a laugh out of Sam.
“No siree they did not,” Donna agreed, as Dean led her out to the living room where he’d left his laptop out the night before.
Dean gave him a questioning look in the rearview mirror, and Cas smiled as the look of comprehension dawned in Dean’s reflected eyes.
“Heh,” Dean says, handing Cas a beer and then lifting his legs so he can sit on the sofa, too. He gets comfortable and drops Cas’s feet into his lap and works on getting his shoes off. “Yeah, it’s not as much fun as letting Gabriel Mission:Impossible you out of a place when you have to carry everything yourself. You can wait until Sunday to move all the heavy shit, and I’ll be around to help you with it, you know.”
“I thought you were saving up for your post-graduation job hunt. You sure you wanna blow that much cash on a car now?”
Sam frowned, and then looked down at the spent crystals on the table. Dean knew he was thinking about what he almost did to Eileen’s soul. It was their worst case scenario, last ditch plan to save her soul from Hell, but they’d never had to actually go through with it. If they had, though…
Just as Dean hoped, Cas laughed at that, and then leaned in confidentially. “Librarians tend to be rebels, Dean.”
“In a hurry there, Cas?” he asked, reaching out to slide a hand around the bare skin of Cas’s waist.
Cas pulled the toothbrush out of his mouth to answer. “We don’t need an office, and I thought we agreed it would be creepy to have strangers invade our space.”
of all things. Any respect Dean may have had for him as a writer, and possibly as a person, would go flying out the window.
“Uh… yeah…” he said, taking the bottle and carefully unscrewing the cap. “So this won’t have any lingering side effects?”
It was Dean’s turn to break out laughing. “Dude, I probably have a million annoying habits. If you want a list, you should probably just call my brother and ask him. He’d be glad to tell you how annoying I can be.”
Cas blinked at him, stunned and perhaps even a little appalled. “You didn’t drive all night, did you?” Cas frowned as Dean nodded slowly, realization dawning. “We didn’t actually get to the portion of exchanging pleasantries where you told me where you were from.”
Cas shrugged and looked down at the glass cupped between his hands before answering. “You’ve asked me to leave before. I would never presume.”
“Oh, that’s okay, I’ll just take it home and wash it,” she said, and Dean gave her a weird look and snatched it up.
Pamela laughs at that. “Yeah, you should have Dean carve one of those bad boys on you. Ward off demons permanently.”
The woman snorted out an indelicate laugh. “That old thing’s been here longer than I have. It only works when it feels like it, and it’s not in the mood today.” She gave the machine a little kick, and it immediately began whirring and clicking, and then started spitting out copies. “Well what do you know? You guys must be good luck.”
Cas can’t do anything about whatever sinister evidence Pamela has unearthed while he’s been hiding away with Dean, so he asks the other important questions that have been concerning him. “I was told that Gabriel was with you. I assume he’s not going home any time soon, either?”
In the dark, in the quiet listening to Cas’s breathing even out as he drifted off, for one moment Dean allowed himself to admit that he didn’t just love that Cas had stayed with him. He loved Cas. Full stop. Dean lay there until he couldn’t keep his eyes open any longer, holding on to that feeling and knowing he’d have to crush it back down in the morning.
Cas sighed and stood up, giving Dean a satisfied smile. “The feeling is mutual. You’ve put me nearly an hour ahead of schedule. I don’t know what I’m going to do with all that free time.”
Dean shrugs, looking to Jody and Donna for support. They both assure him he’s being entirely reasonable. Claire is still unconvinced. Dean holds up a finger and begins counting off.
He dreamt of what could’ve happened in that barn, if he hadn’t stabbed Cas that first time they’d met. With twelve years of history between them now, and Dean’s quiet revelation that he was in love with Cas, his dream-self went through a series of alternate endings to that meeting ranging from love confessions to things that he would definitely not be enumerating to Cas over breakfast the next morning. It made for an excellent night’s slumber.
Dean looks over at Cas with an I-told-you-so raised eyebrow, and Cas replies with a look of fond exasperation before mopping up the last of the syrup on his plate with his remaining pancake and shoving it in his mouth. Dean collects his plate and sets it in the sink with his own, giving Sam a few more minutes to enjoy his little existential crisis out on the stairs before putting him out of his misery.
“We were all on high alert worried that Jack lost his soul.” Sam hesitated for a moment and then went on, resigned. “And I left for a while. It was just too much being here after what happened, and I wasn’t ready to face it yet. Dean and Cas stayed to keep an eye on Jack, but I don’t think they had much time to themselves.”
They didn’t bother switching on the television when they sat down with their chili, smothered with onions and cheese with a hearty side of warm cornbread. From the noises he made, it was clear that Cas was enjoying his dinner, which gave Dean an excuse to put off resuming their earlier conversation. He knew Cas had only given him a temporary reprieve, but he’d take it for as long as he could get it. Or at least he thought he would. Much to his own surprise, it was Dean who broke first.
: Well, that’s good, if boring. Are you already looped into the school gossip machine? Discovered who’s got a secret vendetta, or who’s got a clandestine janitor’s closet romance brewing? Come on, this is the sort of thing I always imagined the teachers got up to when I was a kid. You gotta serve up all the dirt.
Dean waited, but when Cas didn’t immediately provide the answer as Dean had clearly expected him to, Dean sighed again and pinched the bridge of his nose and muttered under his breath. “And now we’re back to square one, I guess.”
“A couple of nights after work I was pretty thoroughly exhausted, but it felt wrong not to at least put some effort into replying after you clearly spent hours writing to me.”
“Since we’re having this chat in the doorway, I figured I’d make myself comfortable. Is there some reason you two aren’t letting me inside?”
Dean already felt like his resolution to gradually open up to Feathers was beginning to pay off, and decided to reward himself for the minor success with another beer. It wasn’t like he needed to be on his A game for editing. He was just playing a waiting game. He still opened his fic and got to work, hammering the first few paragraphs into a more polished shape before taking his first sip. For some reason, that first page was always the part of any of his stories that went through the most drastic changes from draft to draft.
“Oh, nice,” he replied, giving Cas a genuine smile and happily joining them at the table. “Definitely worth a frozen pizza or two. Good choice.”
“What, do they want the two of us to provide a running commentary like it was a nature documentary or something?” Dean asked, scrolling incredulously through his inbox.
“Or the other guy really is just a friend, and he was using him as a hypothetical and hinting that he wants to drop the pretense with you,” Charlie suggested, before changing her angle of attack. “But what about Cas? You think there’s any chance he’s open to something more? For a guy you met three days ago, you’ve certainly peeled back a lot of the endless layers of flannel that comprise Dean Winchester for the guy.”
Donna patted his arm and gave him a serious look before grinning back at him. “If you think any of us are grownups you’re in for a rude awakening, mister.”
“Great,” Gabriel replies, holding out a small plastic unicorn dangling from a chain. He nods his head at it until Cas holds out his hand. “You’ll need to lock up the place when you leave.”
Dean rubbed his towel over his hair and face, then used it to wipe the steam off the mirror above the sink. He hung it up to dry and then waggled his band back and forth, even if he was the only one there to see the gesture.
Jack caught on to the humor of the conversation and offered a few of his own. “Don’t let me tell people that Lucifer is my father, or that I used to be able to levitate pencils.”
“And they never blew off a little steam? Let the feelings come pouring out? I mean, I read all the books, and I know there’s fanfic...”
As Dean headed into his room, he completely missed the small, content smile Cas cast at his retreating back.
Dean frowned at that. “I’d rather not send a reaper and a power happy soul thief to Donna’s doorstep if we can help it.”
“Are you saying you have a child you’ve never mentioned before?” Cas asked, sounding just a little bit hurt.
Amara helped Jack focus through the chaos, following one thread of darkness back to its source. Maybe it was a good thing the Empty had become so loud, Jack thought, as he observed the Entity’s current obsession without drawing any attention to himself. Then again, what he saw didn’t make him feel any better about the fact.
Cas considered this as he climbed, and stepped out of the bunny slippers when they reached the landing in front of the outside door. He bent over to set them off to the side, just inside the door, and Dean frowned down at his bare feet.
Dean sat near the middle of the room, rolling his eyes and rubbing his temple at the forced heartiness in the man’s voice. He’d been in Miami for less than two hours, hadn’t even been inside the apartment the hospital had arranged for him or even met his new roommate, and was already beginning to regret not fighting his residency match. Some of his friends back in California had congratulated him-- both for the prestige of the hospital’s emergency medicine program as well as for the opportunities for sun, surf and nightlife in South Florida.
I’ll pass along your recommendation at my earliest convenience, but it wasn’t that sort of presentation.
This is news to Dean. Sam’s now officially spent more time chatting up the guy he’s interested in than he has. Hell, he doesn’t even have Cas’s phone number yet. And depending on what he and Sam talked about, maybe he never would. Then again, he did earn Sam’s approval, so he can’t imagine Sam had done anything to permanently frighten the guy off.
“Too bad Nick didn’t screw you over two weeks ago. Coulda saved you a month’s rent,” Gabriel grumbles.
“She flung herself into Hell and dragged them with her,” Sam replied tersely, slamming her journal shut. He pushed his chair back from the table and walked out of the room.
Dean smiled fondly and shook his head. “I don’t know, man, but if we both wound up in the same dream together because we both made the same wish, then there might be another way.”
He could barely see it in the dark, but he knew Dean was smiling when he kissed him. They traded little truths between kisses until they finally drifted off.
Dean blinked at him, wondering if this was the time to make a joke about sucking, and deciding that could wait a few more minutes. “In that case, I’m willing to risk it.”
“You know, busting into that barn with the light show and everything, you put on a pretty decent party.”
Dean rolls his eyes and pulls out his phone, muttering under his breath. “I wasn’t asking for your order.” He places the order anyway, and then kicks his feet up on the coffee table and settles in to wait.
“You’re a bit overdressed yourself,” Dean replied, raising himself off the bed just enough for Cas to pull his shirt up and over his head.
“Right, new interns. So all of that was purely for the sake of drama,” Dr. Jones said, clearing his throat. He checked each of their name badges in turn, rattling off their names and waiting for some sort of acknowledgement from each of them as he met their eyes. “Well, alrighty then. I’m Dr. Fred Jones, and this delightful being is Dr. Gilda Fey, and we’ll be your attendings for today’s shift. And now that we have introductions out of the way, let’s figure out what we’re working with here.”
“You look… amazing.” Dean stared, wide-eyed, at the gorgeous man before him. Cas really did clean up well.
“You know what? You were super sweet to win me this monkey, and you were beyond brave to ride my favorite ride, so I think it’s only fair that we ride yours.”
“I understand that you like to suffer Dean, it’s in your nature,” Cas said, coming back into the room, “but why not let me help you?”
Cas nodded, closing his eyes and letting his forehead rest against Dean’s. Dean shivered in his arms and Cas ran his hand up and down Dean’s back.
Cas frowned, but nodded. “If you’re sure. I don’t mind helping. I’ve got two free hands…” He held them up as if to prove that fact to Dean.
Cas rolled his eyes, but replied in a half-hearted pirate voice. “You’d think it’d be arrrrrr, but his true love is the C.”
“Okay, then,” Dean prompted, feeling the very long day catching up to him as the adrenaline rush of storming the bunker rapidly drained away. “So you brought some people back, fixed the universe, and then, what? Just let all the power go forever?”
“Witnesses are never that forthcoming, Cas. You gotta work them up to it, and then figure out how to finesse them into pointing you in the right direction.”
“Can I interest you in some of the local cuisine, then? Maricella at the cafe by the ER recommended a good Cuban place to me the other day, and I haven’t had a chance to try it yet.”
Cas’s muscles tightened under his fingers and he turned around suddenly, sloshing water right to the rim of the tub.
, and far more coherently this time, why he left the house so quickly and hadn’t been answering his phone. Dean manages to keep his laugh to a subtle snort this time as Pamela explains that Gabriel found his note, but it had been light enough on the details to send him running around town looking for Cas’s car parked outside his usual haunts.
He spent the evening alternately writing his nightly missive to Cas and plotting out his big weekend project. It required a few items from the store, which led to the beginnings of his weekly shopping list. His collection of notes from Cas was growing to ridiculous proportions and he actually contemplated making a stop at an office supply store over the weekend to pick up some sort of binder to store them all in since his sock drawer was beginning to feel a bit crowded with all the paper he had stuffed in there. It was just one more thing to add to his list.
Chief Riordan gave Cas a thoughtful nod and agreed. “The tricky part is taking a risk and knowing when to be truthful, even if the truth might sting a bit. I know how it goes. It’s a delicate balance.”
Dean nods, running his fingers through Cas’s completely disheveled hair. “Yeah. Just not too hot, and not for too long. And no scrubbing. There’s a tube of Aquaphor in the medicine cabinet, too.”
“I’d prefer it if we lost our pants,” Dean says, his voice pitching higher as Cas gently grazes his teeth over his hard nipple and then steps back to remove his shirt, taking care not to disrupt the bandage on his chest.
“Sneaking? Sneaking?” Cas replied with the same outrage Gollum had reacted with when he’d been caught sneaking. His smile spread into a full-on grin, and he sighed. “I just finished with the last box of new books, and it looks like you’re making quick progress out here.”
“Just when we get the universe off our backs, you wanna bring the cosmic powers back into our lives on purpose,” Dean muttered under his breath.
They were both laughing over all the things they should absolutely not allow the other to say in mixed company-- everything from making deals with Death to visiting alternate universes-- when Sam wandered into the garage looking utterly baffled by the drastic change in their mood. By the time he’d dropped his own bag in the trunk and slammed it shut, he was both laughing and coming up with even more truths that they absolutely shouldn’t allow to slip out.
: Dean. We’ve talked about this. You’re an incredible writer and your first drafts look more like my third drafts.
For the first time in his life, Dean felt like someone truly understood him. He’d already decided the day he met him that he’d trust Cas with nearly everything, and that startling instant trust was being repaid in full today, with interest. Dean felt his shoulders relax and finally dropped his hands to his sides, slowly turning to give Cas a grateful smile.
, Dean. In the hospital, talking to people. They had a three episode arc about some woman getting a face transplant last season. And I can’t even imagine standing up for a six hour surgery in cowboy boots.”
The woman was grateful, and fell back into conversation with her friend as their kids read. That left Dean and Cas with not much else to do but talk to one another. Dean followed Cas like a lost puppy all the way back to the storage room of an office he’d begun to become familiar with already. It was only after Cas slumped down in his desk chair with a sigh that Dean wondered if he shouldn’t have found something else to keep himself busy with for a while.
“Your ass is safe with me,” Cas tells him with a smirk, striding away before Gabriel can decide on a comeback.
“You’re not too far off, actually,” Sam said, stopping beside Dean. “It was shuttered for more than fifty years before we found it again.”
Cas knows exactly which car he means, of course, but at that moment he only has eyes for the fantastic fiery swirls of color wrapping around Dean’s left arm. He tilts his head to get a better look, unconsciously leaning in closer and tracing the designs with his eyes. Dean notices where his attention has fallen, and flinches self-consciously as if he’s about to hide his arm behind his back again before slowly holding out his arm for Cas to get a better look.
It didn’t take much longer to realize that Cas was just as unsettled by Sam’s words as he was. And it only took them both a few seconds more to piece together what that meant.
Dean arrived at school earlier than he had to be there the next morning. He fully admitted to himself that he was still nervous about his two minute presentation, and wanted to scope out the setup before he had to get up in front of an auditorium full of strangers. It was a lot easier practicing his speech for a room of empty chairs. He stood at the podium on the tiny stage at one end of the cafeteria, reciting his lines to no one. Well, he thought he had. “That sounds perfect, Dean,” Mildred said as she walked into the room, smiling. “I think you’re gonna do fine.”
“Yeah, I don’t exactly share my writing with anyone I’ve worked with, either. Don’t really talk about it outside of a few very close friends. At this point, you probably know more about my hobby than my brother does.”
“Just be careful, and don’t turn it on. Leave that to Pamela, preferably in a location far from wherever I am. And keep an eye out for Nick. I still don’t know if he was telling the truth about discovering my location, but if he was, then he could very well be at the house.”
“I’m okay, guys,” Sam said, getting unsteadily to his feet as Dean and Cas found their way to him through the freshly kicked-in back door. “He hit me with some sort of magical smoke bomb and then ran me over on his way out the door.”
“Fuck that was goddamned fantastic, Cas. But, uh,” Dean tries to reach for a box of tissues on the nightstand, but only manages to knock it to the floor as he slides out of Cas. He slumps down against Cas’s side. “Shit. Hang on.”
The last thing Cas hears as they walk away is Gabriel questioning whether Sam can even drive with one arm effectively out of commission. It’s actually a point Cas feels he should’ve raised with his patient himself, but he trusts Gabriel to at least give Sam sound medical advice. He turns his attention back to Dean, only to find the man looking nervously back at him. Cas knows exactly how he feels. He clears his throat.
“Don’t look at me. The only conversations she’s tried to have with me involve various nightclubs, my taste in music, and my favorite cocktails. And that’s omitting the stuff that could get her written up for sexual harassment. She hasn’t exactly wanted to talk about work with me.”
“That’s not even remotely in my price range,” Cas says, dragging him away from a sleek black Porsche and toward the mid-range sedans.
“It’s fine, leftover lasagna is always better anyway…” He started before recounting the thrilling saga of the alligator. Turned out the rake had actually won when the guy tripped over it while attempting a hasty retreat.
Cas had already made coffee and left half the pot for him. As he poured himself a cup, Dean winced and realized exactly what Cas meant about it being nice having the good stuff at home. It was still coffee, with all the caffeine, but that’s all it was. He took another sip and set off to see what Cas was up to, if he’d had breakfast yet.
Dean opens his mouth, likely to say something rude about hot rocks or goad Pamela with some other witty repartee, but Cas has one more thing he needs to know.
Cas laughs. “Actually, no. Gabriel’s house is technically closer. Just in the opposite direction to Nick’s, which is frankly what I need right now. It’s, uh, actually just a few blocks from your shop. I walked past it this morning on my way to the hospital. You weren’t open yet, of course, but I did enjoy admiring your window display.”
“That seems like a poorly considered plan,” Cas said, a frown creasing his brow. “If nothing else, you’d put yourself in this demon’s crosshairs.”
“Sorry, man, I didn’t mean to make this weird,” Dean said, as Cas offered, “I’m sorry if I’ve made you uncomfortable.”
The Entity was crouched over Cas, feeding on an endless loop of despair it inflicted on him, using Cas’s worst fears against him and relishing in the agony it generated. Time lost all meaning in that dark and cold place, and Jack stood horrified at the sheer quantity and relentless intensity of the Empty’s manipulations.
Dean felt lightheaded, worried for a moment he was going to black out and wake up alone in the storage room at work to realize this had all been a dream. Cas held him tight as his knees went wobbly for a second, until he regained his balance and the world didn’t dissolve around them. It was everything he had never even dared to hope for, and he could hardly believe any of it was real. There was only one thing left to do: find his voice and speak the words Cas deserved to hear.
“Fair enough.” Dean clearly accepts his rationale, and kisses him soundly before pulling away rather suddenly. “Fuck, why are we still standing here?”
Dean had to laugh at that. “Yeah, he and his wife would prefer the wine tasting tour, and I’d rather hit up the car show.”
Wulf looked like he was about to speak, but it was Lorna who managed to do the talking first. She didn’t bother with pleasantries, but moved directly to her point, producing a stack of official looking documents that Dean immediately realized must be the permits she’d filed.
Pamela Barnes runs the legal practice next door to Dean’s shop. She mostly handles intellectual property and contracts, and if Dean’s learned one thing about her in the years he’s known her, it’s that he’d never, ever try to bullshit her about anything. When she offered Sam some part time work around her office, Dean was more than happy that Sam accepted. If he’s intent on becoming a scumbag, at least he’s got a positive role model. Although Dean really hopes Sam never develops her freaky, almost psychic ability to read people cold. He shivers just thinking about it, and then notices Sam setting himself up at the kitchen table and stacking his library books beside his laptop.
“No such thing as luck, ma’am,” Sam replied seriously. Dean panicked for just a second, wondering if Sam was already cracking under the honesty spell, before he went on with a flirtatious smile. “I think it was just a good kick.”
Dean couldn’t help but laugh, shaking his head as he settled back onto his side of the couch. “Only if rowboats count. Or maybe a canoe or two. Not a lot of boating going on in Kansas, and by the time I moved to LA, I didn’t exactly have a lot of time or money for leisure yachting.”
It’s barely a scratch, faded after years into something he may not have even noticed had Cas not pointed it out, but Dean is idiotically compelled to bend down and kiss it better. He feels a little silly about it until he stands back up and sees the soft, fond look Cas is giving him him.
, after all. Dean had seemed receptive, even enthusiastic about it, but he’d also been the one to put a stop to any further advances. Maybe in the clear and sober light of day, he’d changed his mind. He’d never actually stated his intentions or feelings in words, had he? Maybe Cas has just read too much into it, or underestimated just how much Dean had had to drink. Maybe Dean didn’t even remember any of it.
“What about Sam?” Cas asked, fidgeting with his bottle and attempting to appear nonchalant. “Will he still be joining us, even if he might not be impressed with the meal after you spent the morning hyping up a big home cooked dinner?”
Dean shrugged. “Makes it easy to do things like driving straight through from Kansas to Miami without stopping.”
Things quieted down for him that afternoon. He’d been convinced he’d seen his last visitor as the day wound down, until an unfamiliar figure invaded his library. The man stood intently staring at a picture book, and Cas knew it had to be the new guidance counselor. He hadn’t meant to startle the man, but it had proven to be an effective ice breaker. Cas wasn’t sure he would’ve been capable of approaching the man otherwise. If he’d seen Dean Winchester’s face before he’d snuck up on him, he was positive he wouldn’t have had the courage to go through with the little prank. Luckily for him, Dean’s flustered few moments of surprise had given Cas a few seconds to blink in awe at him. Dean had been an awful lot to take in, as the writer part of Cas’s brain battled between rapturous purple prose to describe his stunning green eyes and constellations of freckles, and speechless silence as words failed him entirely in the face of such overwhelming beauty. He wasn’t quite sure how he’d been capable of initiating any sort of normal conversation after that point. Dean’s own embarrassment at being caught out, and his entirely amusing reaction had certainly helped.
Cas was unmoved by his state of shock, and Dean hadn’t really recovered enough yet to do anything other than stand there with a death grip on the doorknob while Cas studied him.
Cas showing up at the shop had been a complete surprise, but it had only taken a second for Dean to decide it was the best kind of surprise, despite the deer in the headlights look in his eyes. He can’t exactly kick a client out of the chair with a half finished tattoo, and resigns himself to doing what he can to keep Cas’s mind of his problems until he’s done. The way Cas perks up makes it worth the effort, and Cas even gets into it on a professional level, asking questions about the technical aspects of inserting color to just the right depth so as not to scar or bleed out again.
How many do-overs had they been granted? Dean lost count years ago. How many more might the universe give them before he fucking
Benny doesn’t have to go far. As soon as he reaches the door, Pamela steps aside as Nick comes storming out with murder in his eyes. After his chilling conversation with Benny, Dean’s actually looking for it, and it’s not hard to spot. Cas even flinches at the sight of him. Benny’s prepared for him, though, and no sooner is Nick in the hallway than Benny’s spinning him around and slapping a pair of handcuffs on him.
“So, wait, you’re telling me you’re not actually related to any of these people?” Cas asked, after Dean had mentioned Garth and Bess bringing their kids along on a road trip to see Dean for the day he’d been in South Dakota.
Dean just blinked at him for a second and then laughed. “What, so you can practice reacting to spontaneous flirting?”
Dean considered that for a moment and then leaned over the table, his face only inches from Cas’s. “How about we start with this.”
Dean immediately tried to come closer for a more thorough examination, but Cas still held him back. For the first time in his life, Sam actually
Morning came without the restlessness the previous day had. Dean opened his eyes to the dawn light seeping between the curtains to shine a golden spotlight on Cas’s face, which was smiling back at him.
He takes it, smiling at Dean as he carefully pulls it on. “I just like the idea of wearing your clothes.”
He added a thumbs up emoji, because it seemed the most neutrally encouraging thing he could find after scrolling through all the available images. He could hold back the confetti and party horns for now.
“Well, despite my van’s obvious benefits for life on the road, this is the one amenity I didn’t realize I missed.”
You don’t have to worry about it. I think either of our residences would suffice for any and all smut.”
Confusion and surprise played out across her face before she nodded. “Sure, Jack. Where are we going?”
It’s Billie who smiles at Cas. “Congratulations, Dr. Novak. You and Gabriel helped take down a serial killer today. We can’t thank you enough. By the way, have we discussed what you’ll be doing when you complete your residency in a few months? Because I think that’s a discussion we need to have as soon as possible, seeing as there’s been a sudden vacancy in our emergency department.”
Dean picked up the box and smiled at Cas. They stared at each other for another few seconds before he finally cleared his throat and juggled the heavy box to get a better grip on it.
Jody had hung photos she’d taken in her home town of Sioux Falls around the dining room, and Donna had filled the living room with photos of her family and friends and draped her grandmother’s handmade quilt over the back of the sofa. It made the place feel entirely different, but in a homey and comfortable way.
“What? Why?” Dean asked, and then shook his head, understanding. “Never mind. I got my own bucket load of reasons. I told you once, and I’ll say it again. We’re a couple of dumbasses.”
The rest of the day went smoothly for them. Despite a long series of patients that had the entire department muttering about Mondays in general, the overall mood of all the nurses was positively cheerful. Everyone seemed glad to be back on their regular shifts, and the pall that had hung over everyone for the last week had fully lifted.
“I, uh…” Ed started, and then shook himself and took another gulp of his beer. “I hadn’t really worked that part out, beyond knowing they’re planning to film this weekend up at the geographical center. I’ve been keeping tabs on them, which is how I caught their shooting permit when they filed it. Lorna even posted that they were getting ready to film their new episode on her twitter yesterday, and I hauled ass to make it here in time.”
After a few minutes, when it became abundantly clear that neither of them were about to get up and bolt, the desperation faded and the kiss both mellowed out and deepened. They took their time tasting and exploring each other, discovering all the things that drew pleased little moans out of each other before moving on and trying something new. Dean gently ran his fingertips down Cas’s neck and he shivered, leading Dean to follow his fingers with his mouth and leaving Cas a quivering mess. He finally pulled back to admire his work, and the beautiful pink tinge on Cas’s cheeks that ran down his throat and beneath his collar. Cas opened his eyes to stare back at him, pupils turning the blue that Dean had grown to love into inky drowning pools. Dean cleared his throat.
And it wasn’t as if he didn’t also have a Quadrophenia poster buried in that bin, too. It was simply that his personal history wasn’t something he was interested in putting up for public debate via metaphorical association. He knew that wasn’t entirely rational, but this box of random bits of paper was pretty much all he had from his childhood, everything that had been his own before he’d given himself permission to go out into the world and build his own life.
While he was walking to the hospital, his phone buzzed yet again. He muttered curses at it, explaining to it that he was already on his way, and whoever was pestering him could wait five more minutes for him to get there. Only when he pulled it out, he saw it was Cas who’d texted him.
“And yet he still chose to go to law school,” Cas replied, shaking his head. “Bold choice for someone with coulrophobia.”
: Well, do you wanna go write it down right now before you lose it, and then swap? Even trade, beta for beta?
“Hey,” Dean tells her, his voice a lot softer now. “You know what I made as an apprentice? Nothing. I had to work a full time job to support Sammy and then head over to work at the shop for free. Trust me, kiddo. You’re getting a cushy deal here.”
“At least give me ten minutes to go unconscious before you two do anything…” he waved his hand around and grimaced at Dean.
“I can tell you know exactly what I’m talking about,” Louis added, proving he was as powerful a psychic as any they’d met. “Your friend wouldn’t have been unhappy there.”
Dean somehow knew that was really, honestly the truth. Cas hadn’t needed a spell to push the words out of his mouth. He’d been telling him the same thing all along. Since he fell, at least. Probably long before that.
“That’s a fair description, yes,” Cas agreed. “But also apparently blatantly obvious mopey assholes.”
“You really sure you’re good with this? I mean, you got billions of years worth of secrets up there, right? Blurting out you used to be an angel and watched all of human history from your perch on some cloud will probably still get you committed, even in a town where everyone’s compelled to tell the truth.”
Dean nodded absently, not even having given it a second thought. He was too wrapped up in the warm, floaty feeling that had filled him all afternoon. And now Cas was talking about their plans-- even those as mundane as taking out the trash-- as something they would make together. It was stupidly domestic and mindbogglingly simple, and Dean wondered if he’d ever even known it was possible to feel that way about anyone. He shook the fuzzy feeling away and smiled at Cas, and neither of them moved. Despite everything that had happened, and in spite of their hours of conversation, neither of them had actually attempted to address this specific moment until it was upon them.
It was an unsettling realization, on pretty much every level. Not only was the supernatural real, but it had touched all their lives in incomprehensible ways. It was the sort of shared experience that could really bond a group of people together.
“I’m sorry, Dean.” A vague thudding noise accompanied the words as he guessed that Cas was retrieving the wayward bottle. In a quieter voice, Cas added, “I didn’t intend to interrupt your singing.”
“I haven’t had a chance to fully stock the place with stuff your size, but this should at least keep you from having to go naked, or whatever. Plus, there’s this,” he says, reaching around to the back of the closet door and grabbing a fluffy blue bathrobe, then tossing it on the bed. “It’s not the Four Seasons, but we still provide a luxury robe to enjoy during your stay.”
: Well if we’re confessing our sins, I got up into chapter 7 of mine. You’ll see the comment I left myself as a placeholder where I stopped.
“It’s not funny, Dean,” Sam said, finally looking over at his brother losing his shit behind the steering wheel. “Cas spelled it out for you pretty damn clearly, and you still think this is some sort of joke?”
“Is that why you ordered yourself food? You don’t have to wear yourself down like that on my account, Cas.”
Cas glanced down at Dean’s feet. “Your shoes look plenty full, Dean. I’m sure everyone still misses Missouri, but no one begrudges her choosing to move on.”
“You know where to find me,” Cas said. “That goes for book recommendations as well as any questions you might have about the school in general. I tend to be more available during the first week of school than most of the classroom teachers. Student library visits don’t start until the week after next.”
“You know me, Cas. I’m always up for food,” Dean replied, trying to lighten the mood. “Plus it wasn’t just about me being un-dead, you know. It’s the whole reason we met in the first place. And look how that turned out.”
“Oh, I am, but if I ever need this whole sack of flour to make a couple pizzas, I have screwed up so monumentally badly that you probably shouldn’t bother trying to eat them.”
Dean snorts at that. “You wouldn’t believe how many people squeeze their eyes shut for this. Or just don’t wanna watch, even when I’m working on parts they can see without a mirror.”
Sam picked at the label on his beer bottle, staring at it for a few moments so he wouldn’t have to look directly at Ed yet. After more than a decade of watching Dean and Cas be Dean and Cas, this was simultaneously the thing he wanted to have a conversation about the most and the least. He’d never inflicted his frustrations over their obliviousness on any of their friends, but for some reason, now that Ed had explicitly asked about them, Sam felt that maybe he would understand. If nothing else, Ed was someone Sam didn’t really have an objection to dumping ten years’ worth of baggage on. He eventually sighed, gulped down the rest of his drink and set the bottle on the table.
Dean blew out a breath and went to the filing cabinet in the corner. He rummaged around in the drawers and came back a moment later with a large thermos flask and an empty plant misting bottle, and set them both on the table.
Ed raised an eyebrow at him, impressed. “Okay, then. Let’s run it through its paces and we can figure out where we need to plant the rest of the mics.”
“Just admit you’re screwed and go inside already,” Dean mutters to himself when he realizes he’s stalled just outside the sliding door into the ER. He rolls his eyes at himself, hefts Sam’s bag up on his shoulder, takes a deep breath, and heads inside.
“I never went through an experimental phase. More a constant state of bafflement. In high school, my father suspected I might be gay because of a close friendship with a fellow student who happened to be gay, but I never felt any particular attraction to him.”
Jack took that as his invitation to finally give Dean a hug, like he’d been as anxious about his own welcome as Dean had been about pretty much everything else. The hug took Dean by surprise and didn’t last long. As Jack pulled away, Dean avoided looking right at him, and instead turned to Amara.
The regular author channel was flooded with new messages, though. Claimed authors were congratulating each other left and right. Some were discussing their artists’ work and wondering which scenes in their stories would most appeal to them to illustrate, while others gleefully shared their artists’ previous work and raved about how amazing it would be to work with them. The one person he fully expected to find in the thick of it was conspicuously absent.
He stares at the phone in his hand and feels like the entire day has taken a turn for the worse. There’s no point to attempting to read for pleasure now. There’s no way he can avoid thinking about Nick, or the patient he all but murdered in front of Cas and Gabriel both, and now might be trying to pin on him. He debates even sending the messages to Billie for one crazed moment before deciding that Pamela should be the one to do that, submitting them officially as part of their records.
He reached down and froze, his words finally hitting him. He glanced up at the little framed photo of his mother and then slowly turned to the wall separating his room from Cas’s. The sudden pang of longing just to see his face or hear his voice hit him out of the blue. It was something he’d been trying to keep shoved down, but in the dead quiet of the apartment on a morning they were supposed to have been out for their weekly shopping trip, maybe stopping somewhere interesting for lunch or just driving around and exploring their new city, it hit him too hard to ignore.
One of the contestants on a baking challenge show had made something layered with whipped cream, and after a series of innuendo-laden comments from the judges, Cas had turned to Dean with a frown.
: I have to confess, I’ve already started writing it in the last hour. Jack’s story picks up at Chapter Five. The introductory chapters serve as the opening and setup, just as they do for the fic you just read.
There were far too many people in Heaven that Jack could’ve talked to, but his first stop was to visit Mary Winchester. He walked through the desolate, sterile hallways while Amara let out a sound of despair at the austerity of the place. For all the messy potential of humanity contained within each isolated cubicle, the overarching structure of Heaven felt like the ultimate insult to the glory and diversity of its inhabitants. Luckily for them, the human residents remained blissfully unaware of their true circumstance, contentedly reliving their best memories on an eternal loop while the power of their souls kept the machinery of Chuck’s creation running.
Dean grinned at Cas as they took their seats near the front of the tram. “You get lost in a corn maze as a kid or something?”
Cas had been reaching for another book, just to his right in the 900’s, but froze for a moment before picking up the heavy tome on ancient architecture and cities and turning toward the shelves. Dean frowned as Cas avoided looking directly at him, and had to clear his throat before replying.
“Unnatural Evil?” Sam said with a scoff as the title credits rolled and the kitchen filled with jangling, unsettling music.
Dean frowned at that and absently replaced it with a magnet shaped like a cupcake. He knew it must’ve been hard, but Cas hadn’t even had a single day off to adjust like Jody had. It made him wonder again whether he and Cas were both being punished for some unknown transgression. If only he knew whose idea this whole dumbass plan was to start with, at least they might be able to figure out the why and get this mess straightened out. Instead of wallowing in those thoughts, he moved on to Cas’s next note.
He’d dismissed those thoughts to ponder later, and eagerly set his sights on reading Impala’s story, ready to look for new insights into someone he’d gradually come to consider a friend. He’d lost his focus for a moment when Impala reminded him of his supposedly busy day, and he’d had to wrench his thoughts away from Dean yet again. It somehow felt like a betrayal of trust, both to Impala and to Dean, to explain just how he’d spent his afternoon. A quick and tidy dismissal in work terms had been enough to shift the conversation back to what they were both really here for. The story. It was all about the stories.
The doctor’s giving him that curious look again, and Dean can’t help but feel like he’s being mentally undressed. Not that he’d object to that, but he’s letting himself wonder how much of the man’s curiosity is about his tattoos, and how much is plain old interest now. And that is definitely an interesting development.
Dean sat there and stared at the question like it was written in a foreign language. He’d been so obsessed with finishing his last fic, and then overwhelmed with everything that had happened over the last few days, that he hadn’t even thought about a new story yet. He quickly scanned through his idea file until he found something that called out to be written. It was similar to the story idea he’d casually tossed at Cas over lunch the day before, but entirely set in canon. Dean laughed at himself for a minute for being so predictable before going back to the chat.
“What’s the last thing you remember before you woke up here?” Dean asked, more quietly but more intensely, as if he was attempting to either insert the memory into Cas’s mind directly, or else extract it without Cas needing to speak.
“I appreciate that,” Cas replied, sitting up on the edge of his own bed opposite Dean. He looked right into Dean’s eyes, as if attempting to convey some deeper meaning to his words, and spoke quietly. “I’m glad you finally believe in me.”
“Not so bad I can’t take care of you, too,” Dean assured him with a laugh, and then steered Cas into the bathroom.
“Dammit, that’s what I was afraid you’d say,” Ed replied, accompanied by a banging sound that Dean guessed was Ed slamming his hand on something. Or maybe his forehead. He heaved a sigh and pressed on. “That’s why I spent half a day tracking down this number. It’s why I sent you this dumb video out of all the dumb videos these guys have made. It’s the only one where you can see that happen. And I figured, out of all my contacts, you’d probably know what it meant.”
“I’ve been trying to let you know for years I was okay with you being bi,” Sam said when Dean's current line of thought showed no sign of ending. “I mean you never said anything about it, but it’s kinda hard to miss. I figured as long as you weren’t talking about it, you understood it didn’t bother me or anything.”
“Yeah,” Dean replied, taking a sip of his coffee and hoping he projected an air of calm confidence. “This place beats the hell out of that motel two nights ago.”
Cas takes a deep breath and lets it out slowly. “I trust you, Gabriel. That’s why I’m sitting here in the first place.”
They slumped breathless in each other’s arms as the water slowly began to run cool, and only broke apart when it turned completely cold so Dean could turn it off. They stood there for a few moments, trading gentle kisses as they dried each other off. As they stepped out of the shower, Dean made his feelings clear.
And there was yet another reminder that Cas still had those contacts, was still friendly with professional authors, and
Dean’s mouth dropped open and then slammed shut again, remembering exactly what Sam’s curse had done to him. “So… so you can hear our thoughts?”
“Hey, man, that’s what we do,” Dean says, patting Cas’s hand where it rests on the table between them.
Sam gives him a considering look for a second, and then nods slowly. “Yeah, sure. It’s Dean. Dean Winchester.”
Cas raised one hand very slowly. “I am still technically trying to figure myself out, but I have no interest in attempting to do that by having sexual relations with strangers.”
Cas frowns, but nods, carefully pulling off Dean’s suit jacket that he’s still wearing and loosening his tie. “It is feeling a bit tight.”
“Yeah, same Cas,” Dean replied, torn between carrying the high of their celebratory lunch and the excitement of their nonstop conversation for the last few hours, and letting Cas actually open up that box of the very few things Dean hadn’t gotten around to confessing in any of his letters yet. As he’d tried to do all week, Dean left the choice up to Cas where to draw the line.
“Unfortunately, yeah,” Sam said, no longer caring that his face clearly displayed his discontent. If he had a direct line into their thoughts, the least they deserved was an honest reply from him. “And distance doesn’t seem to help, either.”
Cas had been preparing for Dean to go back to his own office, leaving him with an unenviable amount of physical labor to undertake over the next few hours. But if Dean was offering to help, Cas wouldn’t turn it down. He couldn’t make it that easy on Dean, so he felt entitled to have a little bit of fun with him. He squinted critically at Dean.
Ed shook his head and opened the door, collecting up his gear. “I’ve imposed on you guys too much already. Thank you again for your help. For believing in me. And for like… everything.”
“I probably shouldn’t be surprised by any of this,” Cas eventually said. “My parents aren’t exactly that different from these sorts of people. But it’s still surprising that these sorts of people exist.”
Dean frowned at him and then looked down at the menu, before glancing around at what the other diners were eating, bopping his head a bit to the beat of the song. “Okay, then. I guess I can forgive the puns. At least they got good taste in music, and it smells fantastic.”
A few second-rate jump scares from Lorna and a bunch of Latin that Sam and Cas both confirmed was a load of gibberish from Wulf later, something truly interesting finally happened. Something flickered for a moment inside the crumbling doorway to one of the abandoned cabins. For just a second, in a flash of green-tinged night vision, Wulf’s eyes opened wide and seemed to flash black. It could’ve just been a trick of the light, but the cameraman was too busy refocusing on the action to linger on his boss. Instead, he zoomed in on the doorway and followed Wulf as he approached the apparition.
“You’ve been talking for years, probably more than you and I talk,” Charlie replied. “Neither one of you knows how to have a conversation. You’re probably both hopeless, but you both deserve a shot at it.”
Dean laughed. “You’re always better off not knowing when it comes to most of the shit we’ve had to deal with, just as a general rule.”
“It’s your home, too. No matter what, okay?” Dean replied, finally giving up the pretense of watching the tv and shifting around to look right at Cas. “Long as you want it.”
“I get it,” Dean said, forcing a smile. “You probably already got plans. Not like I don’t hog up every other day of the week with you, right?”
“At least I won’t have to put up with Alex telling me to turn the tv down so she can study,” Claire replies.
“I hope this message has reached you in time to help. We will likely leave this town in the morning. I don’t expect immediate action, but I fear what will happen if Lorna is not stopped soon. She’s continued to collect souls despite our arrangement. She doesn’t know that I’m aware of her extracurricular activities, since she has yet to uncover my true identity. There’s not much more I can do, aside from defending her prisoners with my life. I await your advice and assistance.”
: I apologize for my lateness, but I bumped into one of my neighbors who enjoys talking my ear off whenever she catches me out running. I see you’ve made substantial progress in my absence, and I’m glad you’re still enjoying the story.
Dean’s curiosity was officially piqued. He abandoned his note reading and opened the fridge to find a stack of take out boxes with a green note stuck to them that simply read, “Dean.” He set the notes aside on the counter and carefully pulled out the boxes. The smaller one on top opened to reveal an absolutely gorgeous dulce de leche. Dean groaned and shut the container, quickly shoving it back into the fridge so he wouldn’t be tempted to devour it on the spot before turning to the larger container with a short list of reheating instructions printed on the lid.
Gabriel makes another turn and that’s when Cas sees it. Winchester Tattoo. Dean’s shop. He wonders how he could’ve forgotten Dean so quickly, but forgives himself since his entire life had been upended in the last two hours.
Dean laughed at that. “You say things I’m not comfy with every damn day, Cas. Don’t mean I don’t like to hear ‘em. Especially now I don’t have to leave the room to stop myself from blurting out something I couldn’t take back.”
The aroma of a piping hot pizza on the seat beside him centered him for the short drive home. By the time he arrived, he’d committed to his plan. He changed into his most comfortable clothes, grabbed a beer from the fridge, and ate a slice of pizza while he scrolled through Discord. No sign of Feathers yet, so he gave himself another minute to finish his slice, and then went right to their DM’s.
Jack practiced his interview technique for the entire ten minute drive, interrogating Cas in the back seat. Every minute or two, Dean glanced back at them in the rear view mirror to keep tabs on Jack’s earnest face and Cas’s rather bemused expressions. Cas did his best to answer all of Jack’s questions with complete honesty, which Sam had initially objected to.
He tapped his spoon on the edge of the pan, and it sounded strange-- like a hollow and distant clanging, as if the cabin’s stout timber walls had cast an echo of the sound from far away. For a moment he remembered the warehouse, and a chill ran through him, but the memory fractured and drifted away just as quickly as it had come. Cas braced his hands on the counter for a moment and fought to hold on to it. They’d been hunting, trying to save two women from… something… He struggled to remember, but the chill wouldn’t leave his bones. He really needed to finish making the cocoa so he could warm himself up.
Sam sat down at the table and shifted the two heavy duffels to the floor. They landed with a heavy clanking sound which left Ed side-eyeing them. He stared for a moment like he might be able to x-ray them with his eyes before finally caving and asking.
He tossed the shirt it had been wrapped in to the spot in his closet usually occupied by his laundry basket, only to remember it was out in the living room awaiting laundering. Dean shook his head at himself and went back to his unpacking. The photo of Mary was the last picture he had of her. At least that was an easy one to start with. It went where it usually did, on the corner of the little desk under the window.
“I could’ve remained an angel and stayed in Heaven. A few of us apparently chose that option. But I wanted to be here,” Cas said. “To be human.” He hesitated for a moment, looking more unsure and hopeful than Dean had seen him in a while. “With you. If you’ll have me, that is...”
“Long way?” Dean asked, suddenly wondering what he’d signed himself up for. A few steps ahead of him, Cas nodded but continued on his way.
Sam sighed. “I’m sorry I brought it up. That was a low blow. And I get what you’re saying. The fact I know something’s messing with these people, that they don’t have a choice and are under the assumption that everyone they meet is in the same position makes it a little skeevy.”
“You could always use a pen name,” he suggested rather lamely, but at least Dean seemed to relax a bit.
I bought the tickets two weeks ago, and it’s not like I’m proposing to the guy. It’s just a walking beer tour.
“But you’ve been more than just a friend to me for a long time now. You gotta know I love you too, right? You have to know it wasn’t just you.”
Cas gasped and lifted his head from Dean’s shoulder to look him in the eye. “It wouldn’t have driven me away.”
Castiel glances up and sees Dean barreling up, burdened with an overstuffed backpack. He feels his cheeks flush a bit at Mildred’s assessment, but doesn’t have time to reply to her before Dean drops the heavy bag on the counter with a grunt.
“Not sure if I’ve actually unwound since before med school,” Dean replied, but then continued more seriously. “I drive, mostly, if that wasn’t obvious. Good music on the radio, wide open road. No one telling me where to go or what to do. It’s freedom.” He frowned to himself and then glanced at Cas, who was still staring at him like he was trying to pluck details out of Dean’s mind. He tried to lighten the mood a bit and gently elbowed Cas. “Why, you trying to figure out if I got annoying hobbies you’ll have to put up with?”
“So, I don’t really have anything pressing to handle for a bit,” Dean finally said. “You need some help shelving those books?”
Dean’s alarm goes off several hours later than usual, but he still groans at the intrusive sound as he frees his arm and slaps his phone off the nightstand trying to shut it off. They’d definitely been up way too late the night before celebrating Sam’s graduation from law school and the end of Cas’s residency. Now that he’s all grown up and ready to branch out on his own, Sam is moving out. All the way to the apartment above Pamela’s law practice next door. Now that he’ll be working there full time, Pamela thought it would be an efficient arrangement. She even made it clear that Rowena was absolutely invited to move in with Sam. Dean will hold the beautiful image of Sam’s landed-fish sputtering and Rowena’s exasperated yet fond eye roll in his mind for a long time to come. It hadn’t stopped the two of them from making plans together anyway. Maybe just sped things along a little bit. But Dean gets it.
Dean chuckles at that. “Yeah, Sam says the same about me. We actually live above the shop. It’s a sweet setup, easiest commute ever. I’ve kinda become a hermit, though, working six or seven days a week just because it’s convenient.” Dean blushes slightly and looks down at the ground, and then takes a deep breath and looks back up at Cas. “So, you moved too far away to walk to work now?”
“I’ve got all that stuff,” Ed replied quickly. “Plus an iron fireplace poker, and a half a dozen blades in other metals. I’ve seen too much weird shit in the last few years not to have started a collection.”
He was muttering, but Cas heard him anyway and whipped around to blink at Dean. “I left you a note at home, though. And something I think might help take the sting out of not getting the news directly from me.”
As they all strained to hear whatever was being said on the radio, Cas referred back to Wulf’s letter.
Dean looked off to the side of the room where Cas had pointed, and could just make out the hospital and its parking lot over the tops of a row of palm trees through the sliding glass door and beyond the small balcony.
Dean just shrugged, and then grinned at him as he popped another tot in his mouth. Cas shook off the strange feeling that Impala would likely find it a humorous thing to say, in the unlikely event they were to ever discuss tater tots. Cas looked down at his tray, and then glanced around the cafeteria decorated with colorful, glittery banners welcoming the children back to school. He was unable to imagine Impala would ever have an interest in this glamorous and sophisticated side of his life. He sighed, dipped a tot in ketchup, and began telling Dean about his past.
in an inclusive way in his presence. It was silly, sure, since he knew exactly the personal situation Cas was referring to, and it wasn’t actually a
Dean closed his laptop so he wouldn’t be tempted to start reading, and got up from where he’d begun to become one with the sofa. He chucked his bottle in the recycling bin, turned out the light, and headed for bed, riding the high of anticipation for tomorrow night. As he stood brushing his teeth, and the adrenaline rush began to pass, he remembered he had good things to look forward to at work, as well.
Cas woke up not long after he’d drifted off. He couldn’t figure out where he was at first, and then realized the comfortable and delicious smelling pillow beneath him was actually Dean, and everything came back to him in a rush that left him blinking in wonder. They’d been kissing, and Dean’s arms were still wrapped tightly around him. He was sure they would’ve continued kissing if they hadn’t been so intoxicated. And now, Cas had never been angrier about the human body’s need to pass urine. He didn’t want to leave Dean’s warm embrace, but some things couldn’t be avoided. He very carefully extracted himself from Dean’s embrace and slithered off the edge of the sofa, landing on the floor with a grunt. Dean hardly even stirred, aside from a slight frown now touching the corners of his mouth as his arm flopped over the edge of the sofa. It made Cas feel even worse about needing to get up.
“I keep wanting to think this is too new, that it’s all happening too fast,” Dean added before he lost his nerve. “But it’s not new, and this is so long overdue that it could’ve been forty years instead of four in the making.”
The next note read, “I plan on doing laundry today, so if you get called in before I’m awake, leave yours in the living room and I’ll throw it in the wash for you.”
“So let me take Cas, and you can have everything you ever wanted. Release him from his bargain, and I will fulfill mine.”
Jack felt another wash of prayer from Dean. He was still driving, listening to music and singing along, but the feeling infused in the words transformed them into a litany of grief nearly as powerful as the surge that had triggered his power to wake Cas that first time. This time, he could see Cas struggling to his feet, clearly also having felt Dean’s prayer and yet appearing entirely unperturbed by it, as if this was something he’d grown accustomed to over the years. Not for the first time, Jack wondered how both he and Dean could’ve endured this heartbreaking longing for so many years and done nothing about it. Just a few hours of it was making Jack feel practically nonfunctional. He gritted his teeth and forced himself to focus on the Entity wearing his face.
“I was just checking up on you, seeing how you’re settling in. It sounds like you’re doing just fine.”
“In my defense, it was a lot to take in all at once like that,” Ed said, looking uncomfortable. “Some guy pops into your house claiming to be an angel, telling you the apocalypse has begun and you’re supposed to bear witness, whatever the fuck that meant. It’s not like there’s a manual on how to cope with learning you’re living through the apocalypse.”
When they’re all settled in with coffee and bear claws, they set down to business going through the technical details of the Adler case first. Sam records the session, but spends a significant portion of his time taking diligent notes on his laptop, as well. He also proves a valuable resource, asking questions that help Gabriel and Cas clarify their statements for those who didn’t attend medical school, and eventually helps them focus on the key elements of their case in the event of an actual malpractice suit the patient’s family might file.
the same way Dean was beginning to think he felt for Cas? It was all way too much to think about that early in the morning. He stacked up the notes and left one of his own, just in case Cas woke up while he was out.
He only noticed once he’d got the machine all set up brewing that his notes from the previous night were gone, replaced with new ones from Cas.
Cas, too, occasionally let his thoughts drift while distracted by Dean talking, only to forcefully lock down what felt to Sam like a comfortable and comforting contemplation of Dean. Sam almost felt bad that this curse was probably the only reason Cas wasn’t allowing himself that tiny bit of what was obviously a great source of happiness.
He had to admit that chatting with Impala was nice. He’d been working on his fic in secrecy for so long that just getting a chance to talk about it with someone else had been a relief. And for Impala to sound so enthusiastic and interested in the story that had filled Cas with doubts for the last few months had been a major bonus.
“Yes, sir.” Dean makes a note of what to check. “It should be about an hour. If you’d like to wait inside, the garden and cafeteria are open.”
“No, you wouldn’t.” Cas laughed. “Though it’s a little unfair to say that you set me on fire. It was more mother nature’s doing.”
It was a Tuesday, which meant Cas and Sam were both working. He knew they couldn’t call him. He shot them both a text on the off chance that one of them would answer. After 20 minutes, Dean caved.
The declaration hit Dean in some part of him he tried to keep buried. He nodded his head, unable to hold back the tears any longer. This was the most progress Cas had shown since they left the hospital. Then he got an idea.
As they eat, they go back and forth sharing interests and telling stories. Cas has plenty about his failed plant experiments, but Dean wants to hear the one about the time he almost blew up the Biodome.
The walls are painted in the faintest shade of gray, some artwork hung near the closet. The dressers are a contrasting dark wood that matches the floors, and there’s a fluffy rug at the foot of the bed. There aren’t any clothes strewn about, or ripped and faded posters on the wall, like in Dean’s room. Everything is neat and purposeful.
Dean knew this was a bad idea. These were old wounds that weren’t meant to be opened back up. It was best to leave them be.
Dean laughed, and that was one of Cas’s favorite sounds. He felt like the luckiest man alive knowing he would get to hear that sound for the rest of his life.
He grabbed a towel and finished drying the dishes before carefully putting them in the cupboard. Everything in order. Everything under control.
It must’ve been the combination of weed and alcohol, and that’s what Cas told himself, because he couldn’t stop staring at Dean. They had been friends for so long, and he never really let himself dwell on how beautiful he was for fear that it would make things weird. But now...
That familiar feeling of guilt began to settle in Dean’s stomach. He couldn’t believe how much he had eaten. He was beginning to panic, he couldn’t let it stay in his body. He made a mistake and he had to make it right.
Dean didn’t want to take a bite. Dean wanted all of the food to be gone so that he wouldn’t have to think about it, but the candy sat before his lips, mocking him. When he looked down, Cas was staring at him with those puppy dog eyes.
Cas considered it for a moment before nodding and getting up to put his own leftovers away. “It’s Friday night. I suppose we should let our hair down a bit.”
“Well that’s one thing we can scratch off the list then,” Dean replied, taking a swig of his beer while Ed looked on in dismay.
What should be an awkward couple of moments feels strangely comfortable, and Dean is about to turn their conversation back to tattoos, when the doctor opens his mouth to say something else that never gets a chance to materialize. Anael wheels Sam back through the curtain, and the doc turns away, rubbing at the back of his neck.
Dean and Cas went through the line and collected their burgers, tater tots, and little bowls of salted caramel pudding before silently agreeing to sit at a table in the far corner of the room. It put them out of the direct line for most of the foot traffic, and would mean they were less likely to be interrupted. Cas had gravitated toward the table knowing he’d promised Dean a bit of his life history. If he was really opening up about it, then the fewer distractions he’d need to account for, the easier it would likely be. As they sat and began eating, Cas quickly realized that Dean was more than capable of making it easier, too.
Amara shuddered at what was effectively Chuck’s prison for humanity, reminded again of the cage he’d locked her in before going on to build ever more complex cages for the things he never bothered to truly understand. Jack soothed her with the reminder that they were here to make all of it right, but first they had to start with Mary.
Cas swallowed hard and withdrew his hand from Dean’s wrist, which finally prompted Dean to risk a glance up at him. He’d never seen Cas look so withdrawn, and it hurt in ways he hadn’t even considered possible to see it. The calm confidence of the dorky little guy who encouraged him to sing in the shower was gone. Cas fidgeted with his phone on the table in front of him, watching it spin in circles between his fingers while he spoke.
Dean hefted the ten pound bag of sugar up into a cupboard and turned to him with a grin. “Just a cup full with breakfast every morning.” Dean laughed at Cas’s disgusted face. “Yeah, and I won’t have to replace baking supplies for a while, unless one of us goes on a baking binge.”
“Yeah, yeah, I get it, Charlie. I promise to talk to him as soon as we’re both awake and conscious.”
Dean did his best not to react with undue glee, at least outwardly. He gave what he hoped was a casual shrug. “I figured you know the area better than I do. What are you in the mood for?”
“So is that supposed to be some sort of incentive for me, here? Give up an hour of work tonight and save myself having to bail on work every afternoon for the next month?”
They didn’t bother clearing up much after they ate. The dirty plates went in the trash and perishables slowly replaced beer bottles in the cooler, but they strategically left everything else out to give the appearance that they were still mid-picnic. It wouldn’t have been much of a cover story if they packed everything away and just sat there twiddling their thumbs until their presumed bad guys showed up.
“Yeah, apparently if you’ve heard one hospital admin talk, you’ve heard ‘em all,” Dean replied, resisting the urge to smack himself on the forehead.
If he hadn’t been so distracted thinking about coffee filters and frozen dinner options, he might’ve noticed a newly familiar black car parked just a few spots down from him while he was walking in. It was impossible to miss Dean pushing his cart up the other side of the aisle and stopping right in front of the coffee sale display, right where Cas was currently attempting to choose between French roast and the house blend.
“Right, so anyway, a few months back I ran into a hunter you guys know. I eventually read all those books about you, so I know he wasn’t bullshitting me. Name’s Walt.”
“Yeah, and you drive with one hand all the time,” Sam replies. “Look, it’s a mild fracture, and I’m doing everything the doctor said. But there’s no way I can walk back and forth to campus, and to all my classes with this on,” he says, lifting his arm in the sling. “It’s a two minute drive, and I can keep most of my books stashed in the trunk so I don’t have to lug everything around with me all day. To be honest, I’m kinda dreading having to carry my backpack around with everything I need for all three of my classes today.”
And then the video cut off. Cas frantically tried to decipher what Dean had said, but he didn’t know enough about cars to understand any of it. If it had been a Mustang, like the characters on Unnatural drove, he might’ve recognized it, but he was essentially hopeless otherwise. He made a mental note to ask Dean about cars over brunch tomorrow and moved on to Charlie’s next post.
“Well, in the days after all this started, we had a line out the door. Folks were coming in for everything from paying off their parking tickets to confessing to thirty year old crimes.”
The woman laughed and then held out her hand to Sam. “Chief Riordan, at your service, then. I figure I owe you one, now. What is it you needed?”
Dean made a pained sound and a half-hearted shrug, but didn’t say anything. It hadn’t been the noble and forthright declaration of his feelings Sam would’ve hoped for, but even admitting that much out loud was a hell of a lot for Dean.
Dean brought in the last bag of groceries and contemplated their dinner options as he put everything away. Their errands had taken longer than he’d hoped, what with a newly fallen angel needing such mundane things as socks and t-shirts and pajamas along for the ride. Who could’ve predicted it would take that long for Cas to choose a few pairs of underpants from the seemingly endless variety available at Target? But Dean had to concede that these were important choices. Now that all their choices truly were their own, even decisions as trifling as boxers versus briefs took on an entirely new weight.
Melanie was only a little disappointed that Dean hadn’t come to town with him, but she happily filled Sam in on everything she knew.
Dean turned back to him and gave a little nod. They were pressed so close together where they crouched behind the splintered panels in a patch of decaying straw spilling out onto the floor. Cas wouldn’t risk asking what Dean had seen. He knew from the determined look in Dean’s eyes that the two remaining victims were close now, but if the djinn himself had been there, Dean wouldn’t still be huddling beside him. Dean would’ve jumped into action and taken the monster out by now, confident in the knowledge that Cas would’ve been right behind him. Instead, they waited, their breath solidifying into frozen clouds in the scant inches between them.
Dean and Sam both exchanged a confused glance before looking to Cas for further information. He made a slightly pained sound, rolled his eyes, and sighed.
“I, uh,” Sam starts, and then shoves his good hand in his pocket so he’ll stop fidgeting with the straps of his sling. “I think I’d like to go look at cars this afternoon, if you’ve got some free time.”
“We are not having pea soup for lunch, Cas,” Dean replies, but he’s grinning again. “How about we call out for tacos, and I’ll show you a few books of symbols while we wait?”
Dean skipped over the next dozen or so books and pulled out a stack that needed to go on the next shelf over, just to give himself a little bit of space while Cas continued working where he’d left off before.
owes the two of you more than they’ll ever admit to for binding and non-negotiable legal reasons. But you should know that everyone at this hospital that actually matters knows what happened and I for one will not allow them to forget it. Just thought you boys might like to be aware of that fact, in a non-binding, and not legally obligated fashion.”
“That settles it, first day we all feel like remaining vertical after a shift, the first round of drinks is on me,” Jody said.
Cas ran his hands down the thighs of the soft fleecy lounge pants he’d picked out and smiled at Dean. “I did. I couldn’t resist changing into something more comfortable.”
He continues his exam, lifting Sam’s arm, checking his reflexes and stopping occasionally, Dean notes, to admire more of Sam’s tattoos. The tangle of flowers and vines up his arm, the black star in a ring of flames on his chest, and the portrait of a far more normal looking dog on his other shoulder all garner a few moments of admiration from the doctor. Sam hisses in another breath and flinches away from the doctor’s careful touch, effectively ending the exam.
He pulled on his robe and ambled out to the kitchen. Coffee would help him figure out what was eating at him, surely. Only Cas had beat him to it, which was unusual enough to amp up that uneasy feeling. Dean usually beat Cas to the kitchen most mornings, so walking in to a full pot of coffee and no other sign of Cas had him wondering if something was wrong. He poured himself a cup and set off in search of Cas, and whatever he was up to so early in the morning.
Dean stamped down the laugh bubbling in his throat. “Nah, I drove. No way in hell I’m getting on a plane if I can help it.”
“Heh, sorry about that,” Dean said. “We had the park to ourselves all afternoon and I guess we got a little carried away.”
Ed just shrugged. “Like I said, there’s not a heck of a lot of demon trouble nowadays. You guys handle most of it yourselves, and a few other hunters that are apparently pretty reclusive take care of the rest. The rest of us mostly have our specialties, and we stick to what we know. Demon cases don’t even really hit our radar most of the time.”
Dean blinked at him for a moment and then grinned, slapping the table. “Hell, yes. We can break in the new sofa and then maybe do some experimenting in the kitchen later. Hopefully there’ll be at least one decent pie recipe in there.”
They spent the Thanksgiving break moving the remainder of Dean’s things into Cas’s house. Sam and Rowena came up for the Thanksgiving housewarming, and it truly was both. Cas found his family, Dean found his home, and that was just the road so far.
Cas shrugged, smiling ever so slightly and shoving his hands in the pockets of the lab coat he was still wearing. “I suppose it does, in so many words. I mean, my father knew I wasn’t really interested in dating when I was a teenager. He outright forbade it the one time he thought I was growing too close to another boy in my class, though. When I got to college, I dated a handful of people of various genders, but I was too overwhelmed by my course load to invest any real effort in a relationship. I always figured I’d have time to meet someone I really connected with eventually.”
Cas nodded, letting the arm he’d had clamped around Dean’s waist relax, running his hand gently up and down Dean’s back. Fuck it felt good, just to be held and touched and cared for like this.
“Advanced class?” Cas asks, sitting up again and sliding out of bed before Dean can drag him back under the blankets.
Cas shrugged, squinting at the artificially homey arrangement of furniture like he’d never even noticed it before. “It does have all the warmth and charm of a hospital waiting room.”
“Why, though? I’m the one that should be worried here, Dean. I don’t even know if I’m any good at any of this… relationship stuff…” He trailed off, waving one hand absently toward the bed.
It was bad enough that he felt what he felt already. If they were to take their relationship to another level, he’d only be that much more thoroughly destroyed when Cas was finished with him.
Dean hesitated for a moment. It seemed like a bad time to just drop what they were doing, only partly out of fear that they’d all to easily be able to pretend it had never happened and just let things go right back to how they had been before. If Cas was able to just turn it off like a switch, maybe it would be impossible to ever turn it back on again. His confusion and disappointment must’ve been written clearly all over his face, because Cas reached up and touched his cheek, drawing his attention from a thousand yards away in the deep recesses of his darkest imagination.
“It seems likely,” Charlie replied. “Her father was apparently blackmailed into silence about his affair with Charlene, and forced to sign over his fortune to his daughter.”
It bubbled at the back of his mind, though, just waiting for the right time to act on it. The fight training, the weapons training, and even the cooking and pop culture lessons that mostly consisted of watching tv together-- all of it gave Dean an excuse to spend most of his time with Cas. Every night after Cas thanked him again and reluctantly headed off to his own room, Dean was left feeling bereft. Like the unspoken words between them were getting louder by the day.
trying to keep my distance. It was too much, Cas. I couldn’t deal with it all. I was terrified if I told you I loved you, if you knew exactly how I wanted you, it would drive you away.”
Dean gives him a look like Cas is being incredibly thick. “Like I’m gonna make you go in there alone. Fuck that. I can take some time off. It’s one of the perks of running my own shop. The boss is really generous with leave.”
Dean fidgets a bit at the fond tone in Cas’s voice, and can’t help what he says next, waving a hand around at the art on the walls. “Yeah, thanks to Pamela, there’s a bunch of protective symbols hidden among all the flash. Nothing wicked this way comes, or whatever.”
Sam nods while Dr. Novak replies, “I’ll escort him to the reception desk. You’ll also need to move your car out of the ambulance lane. They usually give you five minutes’ grace before calling the towing company.”
Cas shrugged. “It’s immaterial at this point. But I need to confess that when my control inevitably fails, there are things that you may see that are potentially… compromising.”
: I hope I haven’t pressured you into an uncomfortable situation, asking to read your story this morning before you were ready to show it to anyone. I assure you, I’m happy to wait until you’re satisfied with it. But I won’t rescind the offer I made to beta for you, whether that happens to be now, or not.
He’d made a lot of online friends with ties to publishing, but he couldn’t exactly share the details of his personal history with most of them. Just as he’d made a lot of friends in real life that he couldn’t share the details of his writing with. This one little sliver of the Venn diagram of his life seemed to overlap both of his carefully divided halves, and yet didn’t fit with either of them. At least it hadn’t until today.
It had been a long time coming. It had been nearly five years since Marie’s high school production of Supernatural: The Musical had opened more doors for her than she could’ve ever imagined. That night, she’d met the mysterious author of her favorite series of novels and learned there was more than a kernel of  truth in the pages of those tall tales.
“If you were really done with your life story, it sounds like things have been pretty quiet for the last few months. Are you sure they haven’t been testing the waters in their down time?”
“In that case, you’re welcome to look official in the library. Almost every family stops by to look at the books, and hopefully anyone who intended to talk with you today will find you there more easily.”
Cas’s mouth had dropped open, and Dean couldn’t resist leaning in to kiss the gobsmacked look off his face. An unexpected laugh escaped him as he went on.
“It looks perfect,” Cas replied as Dean gently set the poster on the floor and leaned it up against the wall.
Donna nodded in agreement, waving a hand at the screen, now narrowed down to their top three suspects. “We must be missing something, somewhere.”
Dean smiled, unable to let things get too heavy for what he hoped would be a conversation that would end on a much happier note. “The fucked up sleep schedule probably didn’t help.”
The doctor regards him curiously, and Dean wonders if the man is trying to imagine what sort of art Dean has hidden beneath his clothes. He shows no trace of embarrassment at being caught staring, and Dean’s hopes sink a little bit that maybe he wasn’t thinking about more than just the ink after all. Still, even more reason to be a little bit daring, despite Sam’s warning not to flirt. There’s no harm in it if the guy is just being friendly. Flirting, with or without intent, is still one of Dean’s favorite hobbies. At least he’s not offering to strip down for the guy, thank you very much.
Dean decides it’s not worth getting worked up about until he’s had a chance to thoroughly shove it down and worry it into the pit of his stomach for at least a few hours. He frowns at himself and shoves his phone in his pocket. Coffee always helps with the worrying. He probably just needs more coffee. When he gets back out to the kitchen for a refill, he stops cold in the doorway to find his second surprise of the morning.
. Cas smiled at that, and Dean took it as a good sign that there might be a future to their woefully short conversation. It also gave him a bit longer to pull himself together enough to maybe stop himself from shoving any more feet in his mouth. He stared down into his empty coffee cup as a series of admins and department heads, each more eye-crossingly dull than the last, introduced themselves and welcomed them all to Grace Memorial.
“Something like that,” Jody replies, glaring at Claire. “Someone informed us she dropped her classes and wants to earn a chance at apprenticeship here.”
Cas’s question had left Dean sputtering. He blubbered for a moment while he tried to come up with an answer to that, regretting that Cas hadn’t asked him
. Cas still couldn’t believe he’d said it that way, which again had a strange effect on Dean that Cas had no explanation for.
Dean deflected that, even managing not to roll his eyes. “I just wasn’t expecting a call from work today, and especially not from the break room line. And probably most of all, not from you. Let’s just say it’s concerning.”
Dean shrugged. “Donna said something about scheduling. Maybe it’s a regular thing? I haven’t had a chance to ask any of ‘em since we were kinda slammed at the time.”
Cas yawned and stretched, finally noticing Dean as he nearly stumbled over his own feet in the doorway. He froze practically mid-stride, his breath hitching before he finally found his words. They came out with a hint of surprise.
Dean does exactly that, sputtering out between gasps, “So it’s just… lying there on the floor in a closet…”
Within a few minutes, the room filled up, both with teachers and the aura of nervous energy they brought with them. The excitement and tension were palpable, finally meeting the students they’d be working with for the coming year, as well as their parents. Dean knew from his own past experience that sometimes meeting the parents was a hell of a lot more nerve wracking than meeting the kids. There always seemed to be at least one or two in every bunch that intended to stir up shit from day one. At least as a counselor and not a classroom teacher, he’d probably only be called in to help manage a situation if it went beyond simple first day jitters. Most teachers were willing to cut parents a bit of slack knowing it was typically just a temporary case of well-intentioned if misguided concern for their kids.
“Ooh, did you have a little spark of inspiration?” Donna asked, collecting his empty plates to make room for the computer in front of him.
“You both can likely look forward to long and fulfilling careers at this hospital if you so choose. Mind you, this is not the sort of offer typically made to first year residents. The administration knows where their bread is buttered, and even if they don’t have long memories, I do.”
Jack reached out a hand to stop her from further injuring herself, and nodded. “I did, and no, we left Chuck alive. He’s human now, though, which he didn’t seem very happy about.”
Sam looked at him wide eyed, at the smirk Dean flashed at him as he turned away to pour two mugs of coffee. He picked up the bottle, dropped a couple of the pills into his hand and swallowed them down. Pushing himself up from the table, he gave Dean a warning.
“As you all are aware, hospital administration will occasionally get a bug up their collective derrieres to implement streamlined and efficient policy changes.”
He didn’t bother trying to hide their entrance. Dean just pulled right up behind the camper and killed the engine as everyone bailed out. Cas took the bag and made for the camper as Sam crossed the lawn with his gun raised and pointed at Lorna. Dean ran around the car and caught up to Sam while Ed hung back vaguely covering the two cameramen. Wulf calmly watched from across the yard, as far as he could get from Lorna, and exchanged an encouraging nod with Cas as he slipped inside the trailer. Lorna herself hadn’t even noticed Cas, too focused on the ruckus of three armed men closing on her fast.
Dean repressed a laugh and stopped worrying about what his face was doing. “Dude, you’re talking to me. You don’t talk in your sleep, do you?”
Dean frowned at that and muttered under his breath. “Not like we’re gonna see much of each other to share stuff outside of texting for the foreseeable future anyway.”
Dean fluffs up his pillows, turns out the light, and psychs himself up to read Cas’s reaction to the detailed sketches he’d sent that morning.
“Better yet, how about you show me the wings you’ve been working on,” Cas replies. “After you order tacos, of course. Priorities.”
Sam turned from the wastebasket and dropped his empty bottle on the small pile of them at the bottom of the can. He just stared at Ed, dumbstruck, so Ed prodded him again.
Cas opened his eyes and rolled his head back, and pulled Dean down into a devouring kiss. Cas reached between them, lining them up together in his hand and urging Dean along. That’s all it took, Cas’s hand on him, to send him reeling over the edge, looking down into Cas’s awed face as he followed Dean into bliss.
Cas is mildly disappointed that the lights inside the shop, beyond the glowing green and golden neon sign in the window, are dark. He realizes it’s late now, and Dean likely had to close the shop when he brought his brother to the hospital anyway. At least he knows where it is now, that it’s on the way from Gabriel’s house to the hospital. He slouches back in the seat and idly thumbs at the edge of Dean’s business card in his coat pocket. Maybe one day on his way back to Gabriel’s house from work he’ll actually work up the nerve to go in.
He knows that Dean had texted him that morning, but between sleeping late after their marathon study session the night before, and then in his rush to make himself presentable for a business meeting and not bothering to look at his phone until right before Sam and Pamela had arrived, he hasn’t even had a chance to look at Dean’s messages yet. Knowing their meeting would require his full attention, he’d even left his phone in his room, partly so he wouldn’t be tempted to start a covert conversation with Dean under the table and partly because he still feels wrong giving Dean anything less than his full attention-- especially after their conversation the previous night. Even Sam’s reminder of Dean’s existence is enough to send his thoughts down Dean-related tangents and distract him from the conversation long enough for the others to notice.
“He lives locally, though,” Cas said, snapping back to reality. “You could get together for one of those weekend events.”
“Gotta take care of laundry tomorrow,” Dean said idly while chopping onions to top their pizza with. “I think we got everything else taken care of for the weekend.”
Cas carefully took a bite of the cake, stared at it for a moment, and then ate it. Dean smiled at him and nodded to the cake, shoving another bite into his own mouth.
Of course, Dean bore the brunt of helping Cas adjust. He’d been focusing on weapons training, hunting and fighting as a human rather than an all-powerful angel. Cas did have skills, but adapting them to be more effective without the power of his grace on standby in emergencies, and learning to find other solutions to problems than just zapping them away had been a process, and one Dean lamented about and shared giddy anecdotes about with Sam on the regular.
Dean gives him the look of abject disappointment that whole entire statement deserves, but opens the box and plucks out a salted caramel cupcake anyway.
Dean didn’t even care about the surge of emotions Sam must've been picking up from them. He couldn’t ever remember feeling this fucking
Dean rolled his eyes. He’d been getting the school jokes from Sam for so long they just rolled over him at this point.
She nodded seriously, before turning to Kelly. “I know we didn’t really get to know each other properly before, but someday when I come back here, I intend to fix that.”
Sam brought a few essentials from the Impala’s trunk and stashed them in the truck, too. Spare shotguns loaded with salt rounds, extra salt, and a box of witch killing bullets just in case. He handed Ed an antipossession amulet, but Ed just shook his head.
He stepped inside and turned on the sink tap just to make sure it worked, and then noticed Cas in the mirror, still standing in the doorway with his hands in his pockets, smiling contentedly as if he was enjoying Dean’s discovery of this treasure as much as Dean was.
Dean snorts, tossing the ointment back into the drawer Cas had found it in. “Dr. Sexy? Everyone knows what makes him sexy is that he wears cowboy boots.”
Before Dean can ponder the question further, Cas grabs a blanket off the back of the couch and drapes it over both of their laps. It’s soft and cozy.
There was something in the way Dean said those words that struck Cas. He knows they’re just friends, and that Dean probably meant that Cas has helped the general world for the better, but it doesn’t matter. His heart is already running away with the possibility that Dean could think that highly of him. That maybe he’s had an actual impact on someone’s life. That it was Dean’s world that would suck without him.
“Why don’t we stand on either side of the poster and you can set the timer on your phone, and that can be the picture?”
Cas never mentioned their economic differences though. Maybe he thought it would be rude, maybe he didn’t think of it at all, but either way, Dean was happy that they all treated him like part of the family, and not like the poor boy with the dead mom.
The room was quiet. Cas’s family had visited earlier that day, Mr. Novak finally getting through to them that they couldn’t spend every waking moment in the hospital, they had to continue living their lives. It was just Dean and Cas.
The more he thought about it, the more he realized he couldn’t think of anything he wanted more. So he squeezed Cas’s hand, the lights of the amusement park lighting up their eyes, and said, “Me too.”
Sam shook his head. It had been a bust. Cas tried to pretend his heart didn’t sink, but it was no use.
The water shut off, and Dean ran back in his room. He rummaged through his drawers, finding a worn band tee and a pair of sweatpants. That would do. Hopefully they wouldn’t be too big.
“Well, I wouldn’t be a very good friend if I set you on fire then made you drive home naked, now would I?”
“I bet. Glad you’re alive though. This world would suck without you.” Dean goes back to eating his pasta, paying little attention to Cas’s response to the sentiment.
Dean crept into the kitchen of the bunker, rubbing his eyes. It was late at night and he didn’t want to wake Sammy, but he couldn’t fall back asleep. He poured himself a shot of whiskey which he downed in a quick gulp. He shook his head, trying to silence the voice that was keeping him up.
To stay. It sounds so simple, but everyone knows, life is never that simple. What earth would need to be moved to make space for him? What soil would he poison by sinking his roots down deep? Would the world not benefit from him being far from its tortured atmosphere?
He took out his phone, and pulled up pictures from their wedding. He knew it was a long shot, but what was one more attempt at jogging Cas’s memory?
This wasn’t what any of them had expected, but Dean couldn’t help but feel like he finally got a slice of the normal life he had always wanted. He was with his brother, his best friend, who was also the love of his life, and he was driving Baby down an open road on his way to save to the world. It wasn’t perfect, but Dean couldn’t imagine a better life.
“When we get on, I’ll be sitting right next to you. If you really can’t do it and start freaking out, they’ll let you off. But I’ll be right there, the whole time.” Dean waited to see how Cas was feeling. He wanted to push Cas out of his comfort zone, but he didn’t want to force him to do something he really didn’t want to do.
“Okay, well,” Cas opens a drawer and takes out a knife, using it to slice open a piece of Aloe Vera, “it’s kind of like this.” He scoops out a dollop of gel with his fingers and holds it out so Dean can see it.
“Okay everyone,” she clapped her hands to get their attention. “Grab your chairs and gather ‘round, we are going to play spin the bottle!”
Charlie ran to the garage and came back with a large piece of cardboard. She grabbed an empty beer bottle from the table then set the cardboard on the ground.
Cas cocked an eyebrow at the statement, but Dean didn’t elaborate. He typed away and Cas wrote down some last minute ideas to the already lengthy list of summer plans.
Cas laughed as Dean frantically scratched and swatted all over his body, trying to fend off the snake. He knew he shouldn’t, but Cas couldn’t resist.
The doctors said that it would take some time for Cas to heal. He had a very bad concussion from the crash, so it looked like he’d be in a coma for at least three weeks. That was hard news to swallow.
Dean was taken aback the first time he came over. He ogled the grand staircase, and the big screen TV in the living room. He questioned why there was a formal living room that no one was allowed to go in, but Cas just said that’s how his mother wanted it, so that’s how it was. They had cereal in those plastic containers that were stored in an actual pantry. These people had a pantry! Dean was used to stale store brand cereal that they kept on the top of the fridge, so imagine his surprise when he stayed the night for the first time, and woke up to a home-cooked breakfast.
