Nat met Fury’s gaze and Tony saw it, spotted - the sorrow but also the determination. “We need his help.”
“Jericho,” Tony murmurs and his hopes sink as they leave him alone in the dark cave again. When he watches Steve dragged out of their prison, Tony observes tiny spots of red where the strange wounds on Steve’s back still seep blood through the thin t-shirt. There’s a moment Steve glances over his shoulder at Tony, as their gaze meets, Steve nods as if to tell Tony not to waste his chance.
“It’s not a big deal,” Tony said and then his sight went fuzzy at the edges. Sign number one he had gone too long without blood. He really needed a drink – a good long one too. He stared at Steve’s pulse point at his throat.
That’s when it happens. That’s when he sees the glow flicker about Steve again. It’s ethereal and luminous. It’s beautiful and it clears the wounds away, makes him whole again, but then it fades, shimmering away to leave the cold stark reality of injuries and hell again. Tony stumbles backward and stares at Steve.
“According to resources: ‘A personal assistant, also referred to as personal aide (PA) or personal secretary (PS), is a job title describing a person who assists a specific person with their daily business or personal tasks.’ In the case of the prince this may encompass ensuring his personal well-being, health, and welfare.”
“Mainly wrote my script on the back of the prop shield.” He runs his hand through his hair. “I’ll be there for you.”
Tony rubs his back and hunches close to him. “Hey. It’s okay. You don’t have to eat it if you’re not hungry.” Steve nods and tries to push the tray away- but his hands fumble with the effort. Non-plussed, Tony picks up the tray and brings it to the counter. He turns and studies Steve. “Are you okay? Should I get Cho?”
Bucky remains silent for a while. The distant sound of water dripping interrupts the quiet. Bucky looks at Steve, his blue eyes obscenely real. “What if there’s no saving me? What if part of the problem lies in the fact, I’m not the person you think I am. Not anymore. Maybe I never was.”
Steve cradled his face in his hands. “Tell me that you don’t love me, Tony. Tell me that you only look at me as your next meal. Tell me you think of me only as your caretaker.”
He managed to steady himself again as he stared at his wrist. “What the actual fuck?” This time it wasn’t just a statement but a question of despair. Despair? Yes, because his heart might just have been ripped from his chest. His hand trembled in front of his face and he reached out to the wall. He staggered to walk, to find a way out. What happened? The word spoken snapped into place something profound and humble at the same time. A mass of confusion, heavy and thick, gathered in his brain like a thunderstorm. Tendrils of thought, of emotion, of pain wove through him like worms consuming his brain. He stumbled and  found his way through the fog in his brain and the mess of the emergency room toward the exit only to collide with Natasha and some other guy with Maria Hill by their side. Each of them seemed amplified as if he saw more than just their faces, he saw depths and dimensions beyond their existence. Tony swallowed back the bile. He needed to get out, to escape. To find out what the fuck just happened.
Steve has never confessed, never told anyone, but he longs to be cradled, to be held, to be enveloped. Maybe it is part of his omega nature – that he should be taken care of to an extent if he in turn defends and protects. Maybe it is part of the give and take of being an omega in an alpha-omega relationship. The alpha takes care of the clan, including the omega, and then omega defends the clan, especially the alpha with his or her life. The act of embracing, of holding, had become to Steve a kind of symbolic gesture to demonstrate fealty and devotion from both sides.
“No,” Steven says and shivers. “I guess you’re right.” He’s not looking at Tony. His eyes wet with tears stare at the ceiling of the small bonding room.
Everything about the place screams primitive. The walls are stone blocks, the drainage for the leaking water as it drips down the walls is a mote dug out of the dirt floor, running toward the farthest wall. He finally turns the corner as Redwing flaps around him. He sees the blocks of cells – one metal door after another. The prison bars are set high up in each of the doors – though the doors are huge – much taller than the average human. Any average prisoner would never be able to see out of the barred opening. He doesn’t know which one might hold Steve.
With a final glance over his shoulder, the Silver Knight cringes. They close the distance, and he might not make the Gap of Convallis. At their lead, the Silver Knight recognizes the Red Knight himself. If they capture him, then his soul be damned. He has nothing to lose. He curses his luck and screams at his riding beast. It’s not the beast’s fault that he’s been stupid and been spotted by the Black Widow. His own bad luck and ill-timed decision lie at the heart of his troubles. He knows this, but still the beast remains his only hope of surviving.
Tony thinks the doctors won’t allow Steve out of the hospital bay but then he finds Steve in the kitchen the next morning, making coffee, a gloomy look casting shadows over his face.
He tries to get lost in his work, after all someone has to see to the security and figure out how the hell they are going to forge a new government now that the interim one has failed so completely and devastatingly.  Logically he knows that the interim government he and Fury set up was never supposed to last forever, he’s also very much aware how it failed on so many levels.
In the fire light the orange flames lick and shimmer in the blue like the sun’s rays playing with the azure sky. Tony knows this is no ordinary lion, as surely as the cat’s eyes are odd and unnatural.
He checks the rearview mirrors and his side mirrors for any sign of pursuit. He doesn’t see any. After biting away the acidic comments that trip over his tongue, he says, “Should we call the police? Or do you know someone else to help her?” He notices that Steve still has his phone out and is texting again.
The whole Hulk’s body lays on top of Steve. The weight isn’t too much for Steve, but it compresses his movements and his ribs. He hits the shield clip down into the snow to activate it, but hits nothing hard enough to do it. He can’t collect the nanobots to activate them again. He kicks his feet, but Hulk returns with a shot to his balls. Steve sees stars and gasps; the agony spears through his gut. The cold of the snow on his face and seeping down his collar alleviate the urge to vomit.
“I can’t, you aren’t even-.” Steve clipped off his words and walked down the corridor trying to escape Tony’s hurt expression. Explaining to Tony that any interaction with him had been more like talking with a stranger was harder than Steve expected. Instead, he’d said something softer, “You don’t remember your time as a Courtesan.”
Tony scowls again. He clicks on his glasses and a scroll of the different news outlets starts past his visual field. He can do without this conversation entirely. As a member of a wealthy family and therefore qualified for rank among the Council members, Tony never received any modification. He’s a pure human. Not like a vast number of betas. He relies on accessories instead of modifications.
The leader tells his men to stop and Steve turns over with a groan. In broken English, the leader says as he points to Steve. “You do. You do. He dies, you don’t do.”
Slipping on the ice becomes their new hobby. Several times when Tony slides down he can’t get up in the armor. Steve hoists him up but it’s getting more difficult as his hands freeze and grow numb. The bitterness of the air eats at his exposed fingers and he pushes his hands under his arms. He can’t hold onto Tony anymore. To compensate, Tony walks behind him with his arms around Steve’s waist. It makes it difficult to climb up the icy slope. When Steve slides on the ice, Tony stabilizes him but to the detriment of his own balance. They both go down, lurching backward and plummeting across the snowy ice. In his armor Tony collides with him, striking him hard enough that Steve’s teeth clang and he feels a rib crack.  It huffs the breath right out of him, but he manages to halt their descent. Tony rolls and his gauntlet smacks Steve right in the nose. He feels and hears the stomach churning pop and then the gush of blood from his nose.
Considering the spikes and the droplets of blood, Tony thinks about what Steven had said about a victim loving his captor. He isn’t Steven’s captor. That’s not how the alpha-omega relationship works. He reaches out and touches the spike only to quickly pull his finger away. There’s a puncture wound, tiny but enough to draw blood. He frowns as he looks at it.
Howard snatched the horn away and cracked it with his bare hands. “Get down off the bed and stop acting like a fool. Captain America is dead. Everyone knows that!”
When he turns his attention to the man, the man gives him a smiles - it's platonic and dull. He dismisses the man immediately and goes to turn on the sound again.
“I went into a warrior’s rage. You know that, I can’t be trusted, Tony. Not with you, not with anyone. My brain says one thing, my chemistry is all fucked up. The scientists ruined me for anyone. They ruined me for you,” Steve says, and he falls silent. The words all dried up. There’s nothing more to say. He’s confessed the most frail part of his soul.
That couldn’t be right, but Steve left the phone on his lap as he weighed what had happened. It might have been a fluke. It could go away. He knew he was only fooling himself. The truth was he could feel the new vibrations from both Bucky and Tony. While Bucky’s sounded like one of those electric guitars being tuned, Tony’s – Tony’s glided along in a whisper and soared like a bird on wings. He enjoyed the feel of it, the tenderness but also the power.
“See if there’s a mass or something actively growing in there.” Tony runs his hands through his already messed hair.  How the hell could Steve end up with a tumor in his head? The serum mustn’t be functioning. “So there’s something wrong with the serum.”
“You assumed I wanted to punish you. Don’t assume. I’m not who you think I am. Or at least I’m not anymore.” Tony feels like he’s clawing his way up a cliff against the tide of a mudslide. So he decides not to fight it any longer. He’s seen Steven at his best, and he’s seen himself at his worst. It doesn’t have to be this way. Steven caused a change in Tony – he acknowledges that fact now. If he’s allowed to, he can transform. It’s something he finds he aches to do. “I’d like you to allow me to change. Can I have that chance?”
No one impeded its progress as the skeletal manifestation of Tony crept across the floor, inching ever closer to the beaten and bleeding Steve. It dug its bony fingers into the floor and pulled itself toward the feast. Tony shook his head, wanting his body to stop. He attempted to force himself back into the body, but nothing availed him. He cried out, but no real noise penetrated the room. The creature fumbled around on the floor and found its way to Steve. It’s skeletal hand touching Steve’s shin and then using it to drag itself to its prey.
“I got the math now,” Tony says. The gauntlet on his left arm changes shape; the nanobots moving to a puddle of tiny tiles in the palm of his hand. “I have limited computer ability with the onboard AI. It’s nothing like I usually have with access to satellites. But I programmed into the armor a basic computer power.”
Bucky decides to pop in at that point. “Yeah, and thank God almighty that he came along since you were near death’s door-.”
“No, here with me,” Tony says and he knows he’s invited his omega to lie with him, to curl around him because that’s what he wants, what he longs for. The war of emotions and protocols storms within him, but Tony tries to shield himself against it.  This is something he wants, and he wants it right now. How can it be wrong? Why is it wrong?
“I’m going to take him to the cabin, that one Strange sent us,” Steve said. “I’m gonna ask Strange to send us there. Maybe ask Wong to come along. Might take some time before we come back. I need to see if I can help him.” He never looked away from the pot but scoured at it like it fought back.
“You’re dead. You died and you came here. I’m thinking it’s because you’ve been infected by the stones as much as we all have been,” Tony says and indicates no one else in the room. “From my understanding – Frigga again – you were in the presence of the infinity stones for quite some time as you tried to replace them in the timeline.”
Steve shrugs as if he’s trying to work off the attention. “Just some doodles. The independent comic book company I do free-lance for happened to be really pleased with my work on their launch books, so they said if I came up with a storyline and some sketches they might consider doing a book.”
Tony arches a brow at him and then Steve takes his elbow and unceremoniously hauls him to a corner of the store. In a hushed voice, he asks, “What the hell are you doing?”
Steve nods. The cold burns his cheeks and chaps his lips. “Good. We’ll figure out a plan once we get there.” He doesn’t mutter – if Ultron lets us get there, but Tony answers him as if he’d spoken out loud.
The name exploded in Steve’s head like a bomb, but the blast had no sound. The perfection of silence enveloped him, encasing him in disbelief.
“You know I didn’t put this together, and before you ask, neither did Jarvis. I asked Happy to go out and get something for you. I thought it might help.” Steve sets the small tray out to balance the glasses of lemonade. Then he searches for the serving plates and finds a hunk of cheese. He stares at it.
For a second, the world splintered, and Steve saw the different version of it. Like a mirror shattered to shards all around him, he witnessed the jagged remains. Reflections of slightly different versions of himself, of Tony, of their life. He saw Tony sitting there with a slump to his shoulders and a quizzical eye as if he didn’t believe anything at all. He saw Tony curled next to him in the bed, close and comforting. In the distance like a bird song he heard the Mantra spoken over and again.
“We are trying it out,” Tony says, though his voice sounds more irritated than pleased about their endeavor. He pauses as he studies Steve. He’d read about Steve as a child, about the way he treated Peggy like a goddess and stuttered around women. On the opposite side of the spectrum Tony knows too much, expects too much. “Well I think lunch is a fantastic idea.” He manages to sound more enthusiastic. He is happy to explore this thing – whatever it may be – with Steve. It’s just this creeping suspicion that he doesn’t have all the data.
Steve pushed forward but the chains suddenly went stiff, as if they weren’t chains at all. When he looked up, the chains had morphed into long poles with cuffs at the end. Adamantium had properties but he didn’t think it could transform like this -.
“You were talking in your sleep,” Tony says from the bench. He has a lamp perched illuminating his work as he hunches over with the small metal object and teases tiny wires through it.
“I can heard you,” Steve said but didn’t turn around. “Did you bring the whole group this time, Tony?”
“Sorry,” he says and he goes to the door. He needs to get back to Bucky, who is ill as well, and alone.
Tony nods to Bruce. “It seems so. If I can program nanites to recognize the different particles and then differentiate between the two, maybe just maybe they’ll untangle.”
Tony tucks his hands under his armpits. They are both soaked to the bone and the wind whipping through the thin forest freezes. “That shouldn’t have happened. There’s no way he knows.”
“Some don’t. Your mate is a stoic one.” Thor turned his gaze to Tony. “Your powers may develop yet, Young One. It may not be powers, but you may be turning more vicious as a vampire, more needy. It could doom your relationship and your mate. Or the powers are settling in your preternatural bones. Once that mystic seed is planted it cannot be stopped. It will grow.”
Injured? What the fuck was happening? When did it happen that he wasn’t in the loop? He couldn’t hold anyone accountable. Tony decided his path when a madman blew up his house and his girlfriend almost burned to death. He’d made the right choice. “Injured?” He found himself saying.
“Don’t move.” He scrambles and races over to scoop up his gauntlet. It’s on in an instant. “Don’t come any closer.”
Steve learns the consequences of being with a prince. He might want to run away, but in the end he knows he's drawn to the fire.
Taking a chance means offering his fragile soul. It has always been broken. As a child he snuggled a stuffed toy to find comfort from its breaking, but what now? “A bit. What are you doing?” Tony points to the coffee table where there is a bowl of popcorn and two unopened beers.
It’s too hard to resist and Tony buzzes at her again. “Don’t touch the sides, that's what I was trying to tell you before. Now, just gently pull that out, and whatever you do, don't pull out the-.”
And for the first time he realized the feelings, the sense of displacement mixed with marvel, weren’t his own emotions at all. He placed a hand on his chest. “Steve?” Christ, if he was stunned, lost, when he confronted a simple thing like a luxurious hotel room, the entire world must be hell. Tony crossed the room and went to open the door only to stop when he discovered Steve standing on the other side with his hand raised to knock.
“Oh my humble abode? The middle of buttfuck nowhere or as we like to call it terrorist camp, Ten Rings style in Afghanistan. Were you here to rescue me, because you did a phenomenal job,” the man says and it’s the first time that Steve notices the man has wires hanging out of his chest.
Steve’s not sure how he should respond. It’s clear they might never get over this issue. “I did what I thought was right. As your friend, as your lover, and as your omega. I’d do it again. I didn’t see a purpose in hurting you.”
“That seems completely unfair,” Tony says, but he stops and considers Steve’s words.  “Does it say anything about a human loving an angel?”
Bruce waited a moment before he answered, “Okay. I’ll accept that, but remember, organizations have a group think mentality. You know that, you know how easily people can be manipulated to think a certain way, act a certain way, all for the good of what the organization defines as right.”
He takes a few calming breathes and then shakes his head. “No, no. Can I get something to drink?” His mouth still feels dry and cottony.
“You are. You just hate to admit it.” Tony trudges next to him. He has a phone in his hands and Steve indicates it.
“Not a sir,” Fury says. “Stark’s ship’s coming in. You are to escort him to his lounge until he’s assigned to a ship for transport.”
Phillips considered him, his eyes remote – strategy and consequences filled them. “You think you can help him?”
Steve dumped the load of wood next to the fireplace. “It’s freezing in here and I don’t see Strange anywhere to get us out.” The fury boiled through the bond. Steve couldn’t blame Tony for his anger. Getting dumped in the middle of nowhere had not been part of Steve’s hopes for the team lessons.
At first, he’d thought she was talking about the weapons. Surely, she understood when she applied for the program that Stark Industries was a weapons manufacturer. “It’s weapons, what did you expect?”
“I don’t think so. Not when you’re caught with your pants down.” Steve shoves Rumlow’s pants passed his hips to his knees with a precisely placed booted foot at the crotch. If he drags the reinforced toe along his balls, well that’s an added bonus.
Level three: A count of ten with the cane on its back. A count of ten with the whip on its abdomen. Cold isolation tank for ten days. No food for ten days. No water for three days. The mask for ten days.
The thoughts of his dreams coming true only to have them cracked open and lost hollows his hopes and he meets Tony’s eyes. All he sees is pity. “You-I don’t remember that.”
“Let us help, Tony,” Bruce said. “I’m the Healer of the group. Do you want to talk to me first? Alone?” He pointed in the direction of the hallway. Tony surmised that a waiting room or somewhere private must be that way.
“Don’t be so exasperated, Rhodey. This is me. I can do this,” Tony says and starts to get out of bed, but a firm, lanky hand pushes him back.
“All that you needed,” Steve says and yawns. “I’d do it again in a heartbeat so let’s not debate it.”
Lord, he’d fantasized about this man. Thought of Steve touching him in intimate ways and Steve looked no older than the young man pretending to be soldier out in the hallway.  He wasn’t all that old yet, not at all. He was only in his twenties. Tony had crossed over into his forties years ago. Worlds apart. Looking down, Tony glimpsed his soul mark, a mark he so desperately wanted. It had ruined his relationship with Pepper. He’d never given thought to why he wanted it so badly. He shied away from the truth, that a forty-something year old man could still be haunted by his childhood torments of not fitting in, not having friends.
“Come out here, Steve. Sit down.” She stepped into the bedroom and sat on the bed. She still looked like the woman he knew all those ages ago. He felt naked in front of her though he wore a pair of ripped jeans and a t-shirt. On the other hand, she wore a smart white blouse and a dark skirt. “It’s too bad you haven’t joined us for any of our meetings with the Divini.”
“Just drink.” The pleading in Clint’s eyes went straight to Steve’s heart – Clint couldn’t be blamed. He was fighting for his loved ones, for his children.
“Well, I tried to bring you into the soul pack while we were on the train,” Steve answered. “And we were interrupted by a train derailment and a couple of strange people that seem to be Hydra based.”
As they approached the second critical care unit, Bruce walked out of the rooms. Bruce cleared his throat and answered their questions without prompting.
He finalizes the plans for the nanites and has JARVIS manufacture them. It will take thirty-six hours. He takes his time. He calls Rhodey and they play the games they always do, teasing and talking – an easy comradery. After, Tony talks to Pepper. She knows something’s off, something’s wrong. She makes him promise not to do anything stupid. He only scoffs and tells her stupid isn’t in his vocabulary. He can imagine her wistful smile when he disconnects the phone line.
“If you mean we gotta do something, I agree. What are we supposed to do with him in bed in this place, though?” Bucky said and then as he gestured to the 1930s hospital ward the world around them transitioned to another room that Tony didn’t recognize.
He fucked her and had her leave early. He spent the rest of night hunched over the toilet bowl puking his guts out. With his eyes tearing and his body heaving, he recognized something true and clear. He wanted to have one person and only one person. Steve.
He'd shrugged, tipped the bottle to his mouth, took a long hard swig, swallowed and then said, "I get what I can. Gotta be careful that they don’t find out."
Tony sits on the side of the cot. He should name him as the Red Knight but what harm would it do to give the demon a name. It might even lend him some power over the cursed creature.
Steve cuddles close to Tony, fingering the one long line in his face. “I like your wrinkles; I like the lines of your face.” He doesn’t say how much better it looks than the augmentation facial fixes he’s seen.
“Wha-?” he croaks out and grunts. His body aches and he flaps his hand down on his chest, feeling the arc reactor. The one that – he blinks his eyes and sits up. The arc reactor that – who was it that put it in his chest? He scrambles and jumps out of bed as he recognizes his Malibu home – his bedroom. He’s home – he’s not on an island. He’s not safe with – who was it again?
That doesn’t stop Rumlow from catching his arm and stopping him. “Inner most. Must be nice to be so indispensable.”
“So no one knows who Iron Man is.” Steve flips to the first page. “Some people think he’s a robot savior, others think he might be an AI.”
Steve. Tony frowned. How awkward would that be? But then again, Steve didn’t know that Tony was having hyper-realistic dreams about him so it would still be innocent enough. He texted a yes to Steve and answered the tap on his door. In his expensive black pants and a black shirt, he ushered the waiter into the room, paid the fee, and sent him on this way. Mainly he drank the coffee and ate the melon slices. He wasn’t very hungry. Death and funerals did that to him.
“Little faith, dear Captain. Little faith.” Tony says. He claps Steve on the back – a little more harshly than he’s prepared for so he staggers, taking a step forward to right himself. “Careful there, Captain.”
“If you mean nuts, Cap – well, you got that right.” That came from Stark as he waltzed into the room. The rest of the Initiative followed him – Natasha, Clint, and Bruce. Thor was still off world seeking justice against his brother and his deeds. Of course they’d all be summoned if this craziness that Fury spouted rang with any truth at all.
“Packs can be up to ten members, with various membership names chosen by the leader. The leader will get a tattoo or soul mark for each member. Some soul marks are more intricate than others. Some leaders are branded on the arm and chest.” He didn’t relish having marks all over his body at all. It seemed since the Rebirth project, Steve’s body wasn’t his own anymore.
His mouth is dry. His tongue feels like a wad of cotton in his mouth while his throat closes around barbed wire. He clears his throat; it does nothing. “I’ll have my stuff out by the end of the day, sir.” Pushing the chair back, Steve goes to stand but Tony grasps his hand.
“Well, you understand wrong,” Tony said and pressed fingers to his temples. “I wanted to be part of this – for some God forsaken reason that I can’t seem to recall now. But this is not what I wanted. I didn’t want all this noise in my head and I sure as hell didn’t want to be
The village he lands in is close to where he approximates he had been held prisoner for three months of his life. He cannot pin it down exactly, because his escape flight and walk in the desert had been haphazard at best. He’s been searching the general map for months now, and cleaning out the den of bullies and terrorists. He’s become a local hero.
“We can talk about that later, come on,” Tony says and clasps Steve around the bicep to help him up. He wobbles a bit, and Tony thinks he shouldn’t be this weak. The physical bruises and injuries are minor. “Are you okay?”
“I am trying to give you a home, to show you that you are still worthy of it. That you can be one of the best Omega Warriors of your time. Don’t you want that? I thought all omegas dreamed of that?”
Tony’s standing there. Vine like tendrils surround him. They slither and curve around him. In the very near distance he hears Steve calling for him. Tony jerks and turns around, the vines disappear and he standing in the shower, the water pouring over him. He’s cold – in the middle of a steaming hot bathroom. He rubs at his face and ducks his head under the water. “Shit.”
In the coming days their pack would grow and find family members across the globe and the heavens. They would add Diplomat, Teacher, Rogue, and Archangel in the years to come. The bonds would grow stronger, all centered around two individuals.
“Yeah don’t get your panties in a twist, the first time I went through this a figment of my imagination cut the dead and infected tissue away before he put it in my chest.”
“Wilson,” Natasha said. “Sam Wilson.” Natasha spun on her heels to face the table where Shuri and the medical crew desperately fought to save Sam – or what was left of him.
“I don’t know what you’re doing here but apparently I’m visiting places and times in my life. You know like they always say your life flashes before your eyes. I suppose in some weird way that’s true.” He shrugged and a sound reminiscent of ice crunching under boots echoed in the tent.
The words echo in his brain all through the three months he spends in Afghanistan and again, when he lives his life in Malibu as becomes Iron Man. He distances himself from the memories but the truth still haunts him. He keeps wondering what would have happened if he hadn’t been scared away, if Steve’s walls hadn’t shuttered him out. He wonders what would have happened if he hadn’t surrendered.
“Get right down to it,” Rhodey scoffs and Tony can imagine him throwing up his hands in exasperation.
“Are we here for an Avengers meeting or for a meeting of the soul pack?” Strange jumped in, his irritation tainting his voice.
Tony shifts his glance to Vision who only stands silently at Steve’s side. How is it that his creation ended up in Steve’s hands. He frowns, he left the Avengers he needs to get used to it.
“I understand that, believe me. Fury might not be the most straightforward fella out there, but I trust him when he says he’ll ensure that it isn’t exploited.”
He throws the hammer against the machine he’s constructed, and scrubs hands through his hair. He’s been down this path before – it’s not a smart path, but he feels particularly self-destructive and a little angry – okay a lot angry. He wants to take the world down with him, but he doesn’t. He’s not a fucking villain, but he is Tony Stark and he is a ship without moorings or port in the storm.
Because he’s always slipping out and telling Happy to meet him hours later. He should be more serious about his own safety. Maybe he should call Pepper if he's not going to confess his downright ridiculous intention to Rhodey. Oh, and what should he say there? Dearest Pepper send police to this location as of nine this evening because someone needs to retrieve my cold dead body. He shakes off the anxiety and pretends he's okay with the idea of dying for some sex worker.
Steve stands up to allow the doctor access to Bucky. “You still think we could do something if we had Loki here?”
“What’s it to you?” Tony tears out the wires. That idea wasn’t not working at all. “Has the extraction team brought back my armor parts?”
“Yeah,” he hisses as Tony starts to feel his ribs. “You let him do this so you can get a huge payoff?”
He scans the room, pats down his bathrobe, and shakes his head. “I don’t even know what the fuck I’m going to wear yet!”
Tony watched him leave and envied him for falling so easily into his role as guide. How long had it been since Thor joined their pack and already he naturally offered advice and guidance like a pro, and here was Tony scratching his way through the dirt, trying to eek out a way to be Beloved. Still he couldn’t fathom what it meant. How it worked.
prince of the Conclave. People respect him out of a sense of obligation, but that doesn’t necessarily transfer to Steve Plus, it won’t do for Tony to be broadcasting the fact he’s keeping the company of an escort. Steve frowns and goes to his closet. He kicks off his drawstring pants and old tunic and then gathers his best clothes.
A family? Clint? That was the first Tony had ever heard of that - and he’d known Clint for the entire time he’d been part of Natasha’s coven. He’d never spent any time getting to know Clint; it was frowned upon in all vampire conclaves to spend any time with another’s mate. Lord, he thought he only saw Thor’s mate a half dozen times. But mates and vampires and love weren’t really the issue at hand.
Steve grasps his arm and helps him into the single room upstairs from the jail. There’s a chair and he helps Tony to sit down. Bucky’s asleep on the bed and quiet for the time being. It isn’t Bucky that Steve’s worried about, it’s Tony. Obvious pain wrecks him, and he squeezes his eyes closed, trying to pace his breathing.
“You can thank Wanda and my first client, Captain Wilson, for that,” Steve says. He’s seen the Captain multiple times. He found out that Sam is the famous Captain of the fleet and happens to be one of the leaders in the war.
“What? How it would be if I didn’t have my sight?” Tony hisses in a low voice. “Don’t you fucking think I know? I lived blind for years before I developed even Dummy. I live blind most of my life when the headaches start. I get it. Life is beautiful anyway you can get it. I understand that. But do you understand that the world is made for people with sight? Do you get that the world is made for people who can walk? Or hear? Or talk? Or not have their senses blown to pieces because of the overwhelming sensory inputs the fucking modern world thinks nothing about?” When Steve is silent, Tony proceeds, “Well, I do. I know it and I comprehend it. I am not disadvantaged or challenged; I am winning this fucking life because I have to do it with less than you have. Think about that. Now, give me my damned glasses!”
Tony reaches over and covers Steve’s hand with his own. “Listen, I’ll talk to Obie again. Get him to treat you better. The whole conference has been nothing but difficult for him.”
“Yeah, the big ugly building in New York,” Tony said. “We have everything we need here, by the way. Even coffee. You want some?”
This is his opportunity, his opening, and he takes it. He spins blasting his gun in an arc and then he heads toward the sound of Redwing singing to him through the grumbling of the building as it wobbles and shifts above them. He picks his way through the darkened halls to the farthest corner of the fortress’ basement. Redwing sits atop a large open pipe. When Bucky sticks his head in the pipe he smells raw sewage. He gags and coughs as the stench overwhelms him.
Despite the cold, Steve wears a short sleeved t-shirt that’s pulled tight over his chest and biceps. It’s a wonder to behold and Tony can’t tear himself away. He slips onto the stool to observe. The muscles undulate and flex as Steve works the dough. His concentration focuses on the dough allowing Tony to watch unabashed by his brazenness.
“Now get yourself to see Bruce. He’ll take a blood sample to check your status.” She walks back to the bar, staring at the fish captured in the tank.
Steve never thought about it. That wasn’t true. He did worry about what would happen to Tony once he died. How would Tony fare if Steve wasn’t there. It was rumored that some vampires once they lost their mate reverted to a more primitive state, where they hunted humans. He knew for a fact that Tony hated animal’s blood, though he’d tried to keep it a secret from Steve. When Steve discovered Tony’s little secret, he’d taken time off of work and spent a good two weeks with him. Over the two weeks, Steve learned Tony’s patterns, especially his eating patterns – when he absolutely needed blood. As a decade’s old vampire, Tony was young – much younger than the rest of his coven. They often shared their blood with him if they’d just spent time with their mate. It helped him get through days when Steve wasn’t around, but Steve learned the more he was around – the more Tony hungered for him. During the time he was on leave, Tony nearly drained Steve. It took him weeks to feel like himself again – he hadn’t confessed how hard it had been to Tony. Thor had chided him for his actions and made him promise to be more reasonable. He was. He also learned a curious thing about the serum – the more Tony took, the faster the serum worked to replenish his blood. The serum wasn’t a miracle worker but it rejuvenated Steve.
“Multi-tasking to the extreme,” Steve mutters. “Great. Does this room have the same abilities that my room has – like the projections. Remember how you had the starfield projected in my room when I first arrived?”
“Tell me what you think? Tell me how I should picture you?” Tony asks and then lets his hands drift down to Steve’s shoulders, to his biceps.
Steve couldn’t do anything but laugh. He barked out and covered his face with his hands. But he found he was shaking. He had to get to the bottom of this – what the hell had happened. “Tony?”
After a moment’s pause, Tony asks, “Is it hard? I mean, is it hard to be here with me when you would rather be with him?”
“No, don’t do that. It’ll get infected. We need water. For drinking and for cleaning up.” He makes the motion of drinking from a cup and then realizes that would make no sense to a lion, yet even as he fixates on how to translate the need for water, Blu lifts up his head and sniffs the air. “Are you searching for water, because that’s what we need unless something big bad and ugly is on its way. Tell me then.”
Steve looks through the dense tree line and sees a glimpse of an open field and a sketch of a blue horizon. “I think so. Just this way.” He guides Tony through the end of the footpath to the clearing that leads to the cliff. It’s bright and beautiful. Stunning and overwhelming. The crash of the ocean below mixes with the chilled north wind. It bites the skin and Steve blinks his eyes against the piercing cold.  Steve doesn’t walk them up to the edge of the cliff and instead stays back. “About 2 meters to the cliff edge semi-circle around you. Only behind you is safe.”
Steve bites back the words – the denials, the pleading – and then looks to the door where they took Tony. “Can I see him?”
As developed countries cry out when their citizens become more medically, technologically, and environmentally aware, the leaders put the burden of saving the world on communities with little to lose by ignoring the advice, the directives, and the treaties. It’s the way it is. The developed nations expect the developing nations to sacrifice to save them and the planet. It feels a little too personal to Tony as he flies over the landscape that waves in beautiful petals of poppy red and orange.
“How long can we stay aloft?” Steve said as he gazed out, spotting the icebergs and cold Antarctic Ocean. Tilting his head to spot the land below caused another wave of dizziness and weakness.
His first order of business would be to see if he could stop the ‘transference of mind’ as the documents called it. He spent hours on calming his mind through physical activities. Jogging and running helped him and lifted his messy thoughts to a serenity. The problem became trying to focus on that feeling when he wasn’t running. He needed to be able to tap into it at any time to slow the transference. Throughout the last of his days in New York and when he moved to DC, Steve spent the majority of his time attempting to stop the transference. He found out that SHIELD knew quite a bit about it. It happened to be the prime issue that SHIELD doctors focused on when clearing him for duty once he moved to DC . He went through a battery of tests that harkened back his days right after Project Rebirth. It was Fury who ended up putting a stop to it when the Director found out that the doctors were also subjecting him to physical damage.
Except now that they discovered this lab in the archives of his father’s notes, he needed to deal with whatever hocus pocus science dear old Howard had cooked up. Tony wouldn’t have worried about it, but he knew things, found things that left an ugly trail of who and what Howard had been connected to. The Movement. It terrified him to know his father could be that ruthless, could be part of a secret conclave of men (only men) who contorted the Constitution to their own interpretation. He’d learned a respectful fear of his father early on.
The burning in his hands subsided and he stumbled away, breaking contact with both Sam and Tony. A rush of medical personnel went to Sam’s side as Steve swayed on his feet, gulping in air and shuddering. As Steve crouched over as if he’d just finished running a marathon, Tony wrapped an arm around his bent shoulders. Steve panted, desperate for breath.
“Joffery knows me too well. He’s been around. Doesn’t stay in one place at all. Been at a lot of different conferences. He follows around like a groupie for a band,” Tony says and smiles. “But my favorite comfort food. Soup and bread. Also some tea.”
By the end of the second month, Steve settles into his new profession and gets to know some of his colleagues. Wanda is sweet and quiet. She often comes out of one of the pods dressed like a dominatrix.  He doesn’t ask. They become close and he learns she lost her brother to the war. He listens to her stories about him and holds her in the parlor as they drink tea, and she sings songs in a language he doesn’t understand.
“Could you at least attend a session I set up with Strange and Wong? They’re coming to talk to us about the chaos of our pack and to help us order it.”
“Okay,” Tony said and sat up near the head of the bed. Scratches marred the old wooden headboard of the bed. Definitely not Tony’s bed or room or apartment.  Steve moved closer and he blocked the moonlight streaming in from the window. In the distance, Tony could hear the streets below – nothing sounded right. He shouldn’t even be able to hear the street – hell, his windows didn’t open in the penthouse. But the old fashioned window was open slightly in the summer night.
“You don’t understand Tony. You don’t get how he’ll take risks that are dangerous just for science. You’ve only known him for two months; I’ve known him for years.” Her anger heats her face to bright red. “I love Tony. He’s more to me than the owner of a business I run for him. He’s my family.”
They fell into silence. It allowed Steve time to search the soul energies, the bond lines that vibrated with energy. He could tell in the distance that Tony had awakened. Steve wasn’t sure if Tony realized he’d left or not, but he suspected JARVIS would have informed him. With a quiet brush of energy, Steve sent Tony a calm touch of intimacy. He hoped it would be enough for now. He focused on the present, on the problem at hand.
“What’s a sin is not knowing the difference between the plebian love of chocolate and the connoisseur love of vanilla.” Steve grabs for the shakes and stabs the top of the cup with a straw, drinking it. The first thick taste of the vanilla ice cream floods his mouth and he delights in it. He smiles but then the whole of the situation presses down on him and looks away from Logan, toward the windows of the hospital room.
“It’s true.” Steve grasped Tony’s hand again. “If I have to be this thing, this Divini thing, I’m glad it’s with you.”
It also wasn’t the usual study – he didn’t have shelves and shelves of books, but what lined the walls – and there were no windows since this was an inner room in the Tower behind his fireplace in the lounge – included embedded holographic interfaces and computer connections with consoles. It was partially his lab and partially his hideaway. He couldn’t physically work on his armor or other upgrades to the team’s needs in the room, but what he could do was lose himself in thought.
“You very nearly were,” Shuri said but had the good sense to clamp down on the rest of the information.
Tony stopped him with a hand on the book. “No, you can read it if you want. I just didn’t realize anyone was going to start studying right away.”
“I understand, but would you consider a different way?” Strange stops his examination. “I have a proposal for you.”
A crackle alerts Steve to someone behind him. He turns and Clint stands there with the backpack hanging from a single finger.
None of the positions at the Prime Station fit any of his training. They didn’t need classically trained artists around these parts – really no one did not in the height of a war. Back in the day it might have been his ticket to a free ride. Artists were sought after by the Elite. To have a number of artists in residence showed how very rich and powerful a family was. But since the war broke out, the demand for artists dwindled and Steve’s source of a career disappeared. Even though he’d trained with some of the best the Regions could offer (due to his mother’s sacrifice) nothing mattered. He switched careers to survive.
“Yep. Hershey bars, rations.” Steve scatters his horde across the floor of the Quin Jet. “I’m ravenous like in real life.”
“I think I did a little of that yesterday, but what do you have in mind?” Steve settles at his place at the table. He thanks Wanda as she serves him breakfast.
“I was going to say the equations don’t make much sense, like parts are missing,” Tony replied. He shrugged and had to smile because the admiration in Steve’s expression, the wonder in his eyes made Tony feel whole. It surprised him the difference between before and after – the vibrations, the very look of the world around him shifted, changed, and transformed. He couldn’t fathom a moment without Steve, now. Underneath it all – that scared the shit out of him. Even if he had to settle for Captain America and not just Steve Rogers sometimes.
“Shh. Tony, it’s fine. It’s okay. I’ll find out what’s going on.” Steve strokes his hair and presses Tony’s head to his chest. “It’s okay.”
“In your workshop?” Steve yelps and then bites his tongue. He sounds like an idiot. He’s supposed to be seducing the prince not following him around like a useless waif. “Sorry, my prince. I’m sorry to hear that.”
Steve struggled to swing his legs over the bed, to slide off the side, and then stay on his feet as he padded across the floor. The tiles were cold against his bare feet. Without the blanket, the air chilled him. He only wore a t-shirt and boxers. He had no idea where they came from. The shirt was too small. He reached out and touched Tony. A connection like an arc of electricity locked them together. It tingled along his hand and up his arm, but he didn’t shy away from it.
“This place has an underground garage?” Steve smiles; his hand clenches to Tony’s, warm and sweet against his palm. The morning is distant now, the thoughts that roamed through his head compelling him to up and leave the city are alien to him. His plans have broken up like he’s on a game board and it’s splintering under his feet. He doesn’t know what the next square is, he doesn’t know his next move – all he knows is the pulse of Tony next to him, touching him.
“Shut up and get out,” Tony says and pointedly ignores Logan. He stares at the figures before him, working through the different configurations of the nanites until he hears the quiet swish of the doors closing. He slumps back and closes his eyes. It shouldn’t bother him – not this much. Steve isn’t even really his, not really. He can give Steve back his life. He does nothing. He gazes transfixed at the screens for what seems like hours. But then he gives up.
“Please,” Tony had said and there was something more there. He knew he was pleading for something beyond his own release, he knew he was begging for them to have something beyond these walls.
This was not going to go the way Steve planned. He clenched his teeth, breathed in through his nose, and then released it. Sam eyed him with a look that told him patience. Steve relented. “Tony does make a point.”
He’s across the room before he even takes a breath and grabs the coffee mug from Steve’s hands. He sips it and it’s made to perfection. Sighing, he says, “How’d you know how I like my coffee? And where did you get the most perfect creamer ever?”
He sits up, rolling his shoulders and then examines the manacles around his wrists. The chain might have been helpful, but now it’s a hinderance. He tests it.
“What kid hates Disneyland?” Steve plows ahead, making it infinitely easier for Tony as long as he stays in the same path.
At first glance, the cell looks completely empty, and he furrows his brows in puzzlement. He scans the room and is about to go back to the interface to find out if the omega has been terminated already when he glimpses a ragged form in the corner of the cell. He gasps.
The man and his goons leave with only a backward glance before the door is slammed shut again. Steve figures he should have rushed them, but what good would it have done if he got himself shot in the head? He stands empty handed and desolate; he’s an angel made human. He doesn’t have any healing powers, not now.
“But that was different,” Tony starts. He picks up a fry but doesn’t eat it. “Tell me I’m not reading this wrong. I don’t have all my senses but to me – to me you’re electric.”
The Red Skull stops. He laughs and if he could smile Steve images a demonic, demented grin splitting his face.
He places the deli meat packet to the side and turns to face Steve who is currently stirring milk on the stove. “There’s nothing to be sorry for.”
“You have a twisted sense of humor,” Steve mutters and wraps Tony in his arms. He cuddles him close and stays silent for a long while.
“It wasn’t you,” Steve said but knew those words rang hollow. But his thoughts reached out to Bucky, to one of his pack whom he called Brother. Bucky had been tormented, tortured, and turned into a lethal weapon. He was an assassin of legend. Bucky had been a victim as well. “It might not sound like I understand, but I do. You’re not responsible for what happened under mind control.”
“Yes, together,” Tony says. He swallows down the words because together can mean so many different things. Imagining these hands, hands with such skill, stroke down his chest, touching him, caressing him lower until -. He moves away from Steve’s touch. “Yeah, together.” He mutters and then adds, “Glad you’re with me here.”
“Well maybe not then.” Tony stands up. The cave wobbles as he gets his legs under him. He picks up the battery. “Don’t think you should waste our food on the beast.”
God, Tony had nearly forgotten about Thor. For a huge demigod, he had the uncanny ability to fade into the background.
Steve sits back up in bed, never one to want others to know his weaknesses. “I’m not even sure what I’m supposed to be recovering from, so -.” He lifts a shoulder in a shrug. “I guess?”
Tony thinks about it. “If you don’t mind, I have some emails and stuff to answer. I could just do it here, with you?”
She grimaces at him. “I suppose I deserved that one. I know that I can be cold, almost an ice princess. When you’re on the frontlines for as long as we’ve been you learn to be careful with your heart and your acquaintances.”
“I found something,” Tony says and stands, leaving Steve to gather himself together. He hopes to hell he didn’t say anything.
While Pepper moves from the podium to allow room for Tony. He raises a hand to the crowd and the flashes of cameras blink like fireworks under the crystal dome. The holographic projections throughout the dome glitter with tiny bursts of red flames. It’s all ostentatious and incredibly Tony and so very wonderful, Steve finds himself on his feet with the rest of the people whistling and howling his approval for the main benefactor of the Maria Stark Foundation.
“Mer Stane simply said it is about the Rebirth Project. He said he will take it in hand if you do not show.”
Tony cleared his throat and Steve opened his eyes – almost too frightened to look. Tony shook his head. “I can’t expect the world from you, can I?”
With a hand to his chest, Tony pushes Steve onto the bed. He sits. Tony settles next to him. “We need to talk. You need to tell me your story and I need to figure this out.”
Which is probably true. Tony hasn’t been sleeping well. The images of his dreams haunt him during the day, and he yearns for them at night even though they exhaust him. “Well thank you.” He stows the suitcase armor next to the fridge. “Make yourself comfortable Tony. Have a beer Tony.”
“Okay, okay.” Tony pets him once more and then says, “I’m gonna fill you up, right now. I’m gonna fill you like no one else can.” And then he has four fingers in Steve, and he howls in response – not from pain but the absolute pleasure of it.
Tony watched Steve’s strong hands working. Even the menial task of cleaning the dishes took on a whole new meaning. “You do know I hate magic, right?”
The gravel under the tires crunched and rolled the wheels, jostling them. The outcroppings of rocks took on a near supernatural glow. The sun glinted along the ridge of the Rockies. Colors streaked through the layers of the mountains offset by the newly fallen snow, and it complemented the morning sky. The winter season drew deeper colors of magenta and orange that tinted the clouds. It was a pretty place but private, isolated. Up ahead a large stone wall blocked the view. It reminded Tony of a fortress. What the hell could it be? He looked at Pepper as she steered the vehicle toward the check point. It was automated but lacking in the most up to date technology. Pepper stopped the SUV and put it into park.
“That’s not what the contract said,” Steve replies. “I’d like to talk to Tony.” He tries to get through them, but Rhodes places a hand on Steve’s chest and halts him. Glancing down at his hand, Steve says, “Please remove your hand.”
“It wasn’t him,” Natasha said, and those words echoed the ones Steve had stated to Tony on numerous occasions. He needed to heed the words and quell his conflicted feelings that boil to the surface. As pack leader, all he wanted to do was protect his own – but as a mated soul he understood the need to protect the bond. Plus, his history with Bucky just made everything murkier and difficult to manage.
He grabs Steve’s hand and hauls him out of his quarters, and they travel through the ship without guards or Tony’s normal entourage. He beams at Steve as they climb up to the shuttle bay of the Avengers ship. It’s near the nose of the ship which confuses the hell out of Steve – he thought that the bridge would be placed near the nose. When he voices this, Tony shakes his head.
The training surprises Steve. Frigga leads them to a secluded spot behind the cottage. Vines form an archway with heavy flowers trailing along the branches. Frigga gestures for them to enter the small sanctuary. Some where in the distance Steve hears the gurgle of a stream or creek. This is the Soul Realm, none of this is real, he reminds himself, but at the same time he can’t help but feel the peacefulness of the small refuge.
“See? Now you know you do want to sleep with him,” Thor snickers. He searches the cupboards to no avail. “No coffee. This is a disgrace.”
“Eyes open,” the alpha says and continues to slowly thrust two of his thick fingers into Steve. “Easy, listen to my voice omega. You will listen.”
“You should watch this too, Captain Rogers.”  Jarvis prods him and Steve acquiesces. What more can he lose?
“Yeah? Any new ones? Anything to make it smaller?” Obie said but then interrupted himself and turned to Marissa who’d become stone in front of them, her hand perched over her sandwich. “Marissa. Don’t you have some place to be?”
Tony waved him off. “Don’t think about it. You’ll hurt yourself.” He closed the distance between them and held onto Steve – the energy between them was like a live wire. “Let’s get this over with so we can come back here.”
“He’s a good choice, Tony. He’ll be a good assistant and he can double up with guard duty when Happy is with me,” Pepper says and then leans over to peck him on the cheek. “Come on now.”
Steve was half up on his one arm. He smirked. “All the damned time. I gotta do something about it. One day we’re going to be in the middle of a battle and I’m going to be thinking about how your hair sometimes curls and how you always mess it up. And how I want to run my fingers through it. And then bam! I’m going to be toast,” he chuckled as he said it, but the glimmer in his eyes delighted Tony.
Steve interrupts him. “I don’t believe you for a minute. Not for a second. You care. Otherwise smart streets and clean energy wouldn’t be top on your list of projects. You care. I know you do. The world can’t lose you and, truthfully, I don’t want to lose you. Not you.” He drops off to silence.
Tony tilted his head and cracked a smile, trying to ease Steve’s embarrassment. “Well, you know, let’s take a look at mine.” Tony yanked off his shirt and tossed it aside. His markings, radiating out from the scar where his arc reactor used to sit, warmed as well, and colored to a reddish purple. “Seems we kind of match.”
beyond the scope of his current life to something greater and better beyond it. Tony’s always been a futurist, perhaps he has a plan, a way forward. Though at this point, it’s even hard for Steve to deal with the idea of Tony losing his dreams. How Tony will fare is another thing entirely.
Tony hid away in his workshop and tried to pretend it didn’t matter to him at all. He felt the searching of Steve along the bonds, a slight prickle every night and every morning to check in and ensure he was okay. Most of the time he batted it away only to be left bereft of that minor touch. It had only been a few weeks. Steve would learn to leave him alone –eventually.
Steve employs JARVIS with every move of the schedule. By the time he’s nearly done, he’s spent over an hour freeing up at least one hour during the middle of each day for some down time for the prince. While he can’t move any of the planned conference, there are a lot of people clamoring for time with the prince of the Stark Systems.
“Maybe the pieces were there for me to put together. Maybe I just wanted to turn a blind eye to them. But the truth is – I didn’t tell you Tony, because there was no benefit at all. None. At all.”
“It’s magnificent. It’s like seeing inside your brain,” Steve said as he leaned back to look at the fall of stars around him.
“Answer my question,” Tony demands. Steven doesn’t flinch, doesn’t shy away from Tony though he knows full well with the new Stark family collar he’s wearing that Tony could do damage to him easily enough. The collar itself is embedded with the latest punishment technology.
“We don’t have time to argue,” Natasha said. The elevator buzzed. They had arrived. She went to pick up Steve, but Tony grabbed for him, holding him close. She commanded him, “Let go. Right now, with your transformation and abilities, you’re our ace in the hole. Get out there and clear us a path.”
Time dilated and the events of the last day meshed and faltered. He remembered seeing on the news a release that Steve Rogers was a wanted man. He’d called up Rhodes to find out what the hell was going on.
Tony considered it; it all seemed reasonable enough. Yet something niggled at the back of his brain. “But what about you? Tell me that way back when you never considered being with – well – a guy?”
They weave their way through the crowds on the concourse, Clint leading the way. He holds the crowd mesmerized by his attitude and his ‘give no fucks’ persona. Naturally, the people part for him and Steve watches with amazement. They end up at The Cage – just the most exclusive shop on the entire concourse of the station.
Steve looked up, spotted her, but his brain forced him back to Bruce. The word spilled out and it felt like relief. “Healer.” The sizzle of a brand on his forearm linked to the pain in his chest as the word forced itself out of his mouth. Bruce yelled in response as he clawed at his arm and Tony yelled for his suit.
“You don’t get to do that,” Tony said again as he got to his feet as well. Natasha followed him. “You stay with us. We’re your family now. We’re your pack.”
Tony presses hands on Steve’s waist, slipping under him to give a few tugs to his neglected cock. “I’m going to make you scream for it. I’m going to make you beg me, and then – then I’m going to make you go down on your knees and blow me before I even consider getting you off the edge.”
“How? How is that possible?” Bruce asks his eyes a glinting with anger. Steve catches his arm to try and calm him.
“Just stop,” Fury says. “The big three are coming in first to have their little meet and greet. We need security detail for them.”
“Fuck, what the fuck. I have anti-virus and malware protections running 24/7. Firewalls and space chasms.”
About an hour into the flight, Steve wakes but stays firmly in his seat. Tony is across the main cabin from his guest and even from there he can hear the growl of Steve’s stomach. He lifts his head and asks, “Hungry?”
“Poor Clint,” Steve says and pulls out the lube. “There’s a few different kinds. One is supposed to taste like strawberries.”
Seeing Tony, he says, “Thought I would chop some wood just in case.” He dumps the whole pile by the fireplace and then stacks it. Snow covers him and it slowly melts as he works on his task.
“The rain? Well, I hope I’ll know,” Tony said and moved to face Steve, but the shadows concealed his features.
Steve makes a little noise of surprise and then waves away the comment. “No. No, just excited about the room and a little startled by, you know, the lady in the ceiling.”
“We can live a whole lifetime in here and it will be like an hour out there,” Tony says. “At least that’s a close approximation I’m not sure. I didn’t do the math.”
Hammer looks him up and down. “Assistant, huh? He needs another assistant like I need someone to wipe my ass. I bet you’re a spy.”
“We’ll sanitize it later. I’ll show you the work room where we do all that, but later. You have to get to the room,” Natasha calls to him.
Tony hums a little tune to himself and shakes his head. “No need to dwell. It doesn’t matter. We go to see Strange today.”
Tony laughs and sits down. “Thanks. I needed that,” he says after he’s finished another cup of coffee. “You’re more than a little snarky yourself, you know.”
“Okay, Bruce.” Steve stood up. “I think I should go. You’re all right and I have to finish packing.” Part of that was a lie. He didn’t have any other packing to do. Being awake less than a month meant he didn’t have a lot of possessions.
“Not really,” Tony says as he races away. He’s in the elevator and can still hear the hologram image of Bruce talking in his kitchen. JARVIS doesn’t need Tony to command him to send the lift to Bruce’s floor. It’s automatic and efficient. Sometimes JARVIS is the only one who understands Tony.
Steve only waved a confirmation and Clint frowned at him. Explaining JARVIS was one of Tony’s joys and Steve wouldn’t take that away from him. Tony followed by Natasha entered the garage. As soon as Tony met Steve’s gaze, he lit up. If there was any moment of any day that Steve treasured it was this one. How could this not be love?
“Yeah, it was, and I should have said something sooner. I can list the excuses. I wanted to find him first, I wanted to see confirmation of the information. Anything, but none of it really had mattered. Maybe part of me just didn’t want to believe it.” Steve wished there were ducks on the lake. As a kid he never got to experience nature, being a city boy and a sickly one at that. He liked the lake.
“Coming!” He rights his shoulders and marches upstairs, feeling more like a soldier that a boyfriend. He resists the urge to state, reporting for duty captain. Clearing his throat to announce his entrance, Tony smiles and steps into Steve’s room. “So where do you want me?”
“And the fact that our interface might degrade at any minute,” Steve hisses. It’s hard enough to keep his mind fixed on the reality of the surrounding virtual world. The idea that their interface might degrade and end the mission terrifies him. If Ultron gets anymore powerful, then the world may be thrown back into the Dark Ages. “The degradation, what does it mean?” Steve straightens and gets to his feet, ignoring the helping hand from Tony.
Swallowing hard, Steve looks up at Tony. His eyes are bloodshot and tired. “I tried everything else. You have to believe me. This was the only way. Natasha played the part. She tried but she couldn’t – they followed the money all the time. She barely could slip away to us. What they did to her, to Clint, to-.” He stops and places his hands over his face. “I put it in the water for nothing.”
Steven bows his head for a moment and his hands fist. Tony weighs whether or not the omega might rebel or lash out. He taps his ring, alerting Jamison of his position. Yet, the omega relaxes his hands, splaying his fingers and then nodding to Tony. “Would you like me serviceable at all times or may I spend some time doing other things.”
Steve needed to understand more in-depth how soul packs worked if one of the soul pack died. How much it would affect the others as well as what would happen if he as the leader died. Sure he spent hours of his off time while employed by SHIELD, reading and studying the mechanics of a soul pack. When he had traveled to New York, he visited Wong and received assignments and new reading materials to hunker down to and understand. When he conferred with Wong, they went over the finer details. Again and again, Wong warned him that his pack was scattered and that there would be consequences if he didn’t take things in hand. Their debates and arguments centered on this overarching theme. His stand had always been how could he force people to live a life around the pack? Steve refused to ask people to put aside their wishes and aspirations to follow him on some metaphysical pack. It made no sense to him. In the end, Steve’s ill preparedness fell on his own shoulders. What would happened if one of them died, if he died still hung over his head.  Yet, even now he avoided that information and instead used the phone to search for something else entirely. He input
“I didn’t know you had a meeting with Pepper, you should have said something,” Steve says and turns to him just as Tony spots a large truck barreling down the driveway of the building toward them. He twists the steering wheel to veer out of the way, but it’s too late, far too late.
Steve scowls at the camera. He cringes as he watches – he knows that look. It’s the same look he gave bullies for years in back alleys when he routinely got beat up. Lord, please tell him he didn’t hit a lady.
“You’re right about that. This is a big issue, but we did overreact. Pepper knows it, I know it. And Tony didn’t want to see you gone. In fact, I know personally and painfully he asked about you incessantly.” Rhodes sticks out his hand. “So, please accept my apology.”
“This is it, you don’t get another chance,” Fury says, his one wing arching out framing the long sill of the window behind him in the palace. “There are those amongst the Archangels who don’t think you deserve another chance, not after James.”
He initiates the holographic projection of the Conference site and starts to move the players in place, much like a chess game with an opponent twelve times better than he could possibly hope to be.
“No, I don’t know that,” Bucky says and steps away from Steve for a moment. When Steve looks over his shoulder he glimpses his friend shaking his head. He wonders if it is in frustration or in surrender. He doesn’t want Bucky to give up on him.
“I don’t think it’s a time for stories,” Steve says and cannot believe how wrecked his voice sounds. He shouldn’t have sent Bucky away. Bucky has been his anchor and his compass all at once. He needs his friend to guide him and keep him grounded. If he chances upon these troubled waters, he may very well drown in them. He’s not a sailor, he can’t do this.
“There’s Sam,” Natasha says and waits. She wants him to accept either of them during his heat. He would under other circumstances, but maybe under other circumstances he wouldn’t be in this position in the first place. “He’s there for you. I’m there for you.”
“Yes, yes, I mean that. What the hell does belay mean anyhow?” His handshakes as he holds onto the arm of the glasses. “Tell Jami he should belay the punishment order.”
“Yeah, yeah, tell me I’m not walking into a trap,” Tony says and doubts himself. He should have looked further into Stane’s dealings, the possibilities of arms deals with terrorists, the possibility that he might be involved with more than just dirty under the table deals. He shouldn’t be hot shotting around, acting like he’s a hero. He’s nothing, he’s Tony Stark. Fuck up.
“Hmm?” Distracted by the casual reference to being starved, Tony needs a second to right himself to the task at hand. “Looks like a clog. I can get it cleaned out in no time.”
“You died when we got to the Helicarrier.” His voice quaked. Steve imagined a wobbling top spinning until all the rotations were over and it finally collapsed. Maybe that was what he was – nearly done with life. “They didn’t have any doctors here. It was decommissioned ages ago, but Fury and his little group of rebels managed to get it in the air and rescue us from the Triskelion. Thor and Bruce helped. I set the god damned place on fire. They saved us. All of us, even Clint’s family.”  He gulped again, and it struck Steve that Tony didn’t breathe. Not as a vampire, but did he as a Divini? “You died, and I didn’t know what I could do. I gave you what I could.” Tony compulsively stroked his hands over Steve, on his chest, his shoulders, down his arms. “I gave you the blood that you gave me.”
Clint laughed, low and painfully as if he’d been running too long, and the chuckle grappled to even get out of his lungs. “It could have. I didn’t know really about Nat. Not really. Not who she was. Is. But then they found Captain America and I was assigned to his unit. Everything started to look clearer. Laura, my wife, always knew about Nat. She accepted it. Not without reservations, but she did.”
When he pushes open the door of the saloon, several heads pop up from the poker games, the tables scattered throughout the room. A few of the patrons tip their hats and Steve does so in kind. Steve spots Natasha at the bar serving drinks as the crowd begins to warm for the night. He doesn’t see Tony. Natasha sees him and waves him to the corner of the bar, away from the rest of the crowd.
Steve pauses before he exits, and then checks in with his identified Honor Guard members for Tony and his party security. It will take some doing to get the Stark Corp assigned to the Howling Commando, and since the party will need to leave in less than twenty four hours. The timing and scheduling for the security of the different delegates is precise and needs adherence.
He had lifted a shoulder. “It wasn’t hard to piece together.” He picked at his eyes as if to clean them from sleep, but it wasn’t sleep – it wiped away the tears. “I just wanted to remember something, Captain. I wanted to have some of my life back. JARVIS told me some of it, what he could.”
Through a clotting nose, Steve says, “He’s learning, but he doesn’t know everything yet.” He points to the shore where a crashed Quin Jet lies. “I didn’t fly a Quin Jet into the ocean, it was the Valkyrie.”
“It’s actually the only way. If we meet him where he’s vulnerable, then we have a chance. Otherwise it’s like a game of whack a mole.”
Steve falls to his knees in front of Tony and lays his head on his lap. “I’m going to miss you too, sweetheart.”
The idea strikes him like a knife to the chest. The dark shadows that seized Steve and threw him into a comatose state flicker at the edge of Tony’s consciousness. He shudders and rubs at his eyes. “Fuck.” The stress eats at his sanity.
The prince leads him to the large soaking tub that has an obscene amount of water in it. Fragrance wafts through the room as the water steams and the bubbles pop. He’s showered before but a bath like this– so luxurious is a foreign concept to him.
“Just go. Go.” Tony fell against the back of the elevator, panting and sweating. Sweat ran down his temples, wetted his shirt. Yet, he shivered as he tried to catch his breath. The elevator started to move, going up toward the Tower’s penthouse apartment. He wanted to thank God, thank JARVIS for reading him so well. He stood, leaning really, against the back of the elevator, his body jolting and jumping as if he suffered a seizure. He cursed. “I just want to rest.”
Steve keeps creating his angel in the snow. “That’s not true. I listen to the Stones and the Beatles. Once in a while Beyoncé.”
“Well, I have had to split my time between here and Malibu. It hasn’t been easy with you on the mend.”
This announcement shocks the good Captain and he jolts back to reality, mumbling assent. He sits back as the movie begins to play on the large screen console. That’s when Tony notices it – a framed oil painting, much like the one in the kitchen, tacked to the wall below the screen.
“Starting with the Mantra, because I mean – why not?” Tony twisted up his mouth and quirked his brows at Steve. “The Core is the Soul. The Core is in me. I am the Soul.”
The little girl with pretty brunette curls and wide brown eyes points to a chocolate chip cookie in the case. “Please?”
She twisted around and placed the bowl behind on the table behind her. “I’m not betraying his confidence in me. He’s one of the few people that ever trusted me.”
Steve steps into the quarters and once again finds himself dumbfounded by the beauty surrounding him. The confined hallway opens to a lavish sitting room – the curve of the ship worked into the sweeping style of the room. It’s so unreal that Steve blinks a few times to understand what he’s looking at – including the real fireplace, the thick cushioned couches around it and the wide open expanse of windows displaying the cosmos beyond the station. To the right is a partition built into the ship and when Steve crosses the threshold he discovers a huge bed that seems to float in the heavens. His gasp must alert Pepper and she’s at his side.
Steve joined him and shrugged as well. “Listen, I don’t make the rules. You have the position of Companion. How it plays out, I don’t know. You’ll figure it out, do what comes naturally.”
“Don’t blame it on the school systems, Tony. I was out a lot because of illness. Always sick.” Steve pecks Tony on the cheek and starts toward the bathroom, scooping up the small purse with the nanite applicators in it. Tony instructed him a little more about the nanites early this morning, telling him they would restore the integrity of his entrance and muscles as they disintegrate after their escapades. Steve nearly choked on his laughter when Tony used the word ‘escapades’. At the same time though relief flooded him because the idea of being too lose is difficult to imagine for both his long term health and his short term career.
Maria Hill was a miracle worker. Somehow, she managed to alert Fury and get a Quin Jet to their location. It couldn’t land in the clearing where the cabin was located, but it landed not a half mile to the east. Thor flew both Bucky and Steve to the transport. Tony trashed the Iron Man armor, tossing it into the back of the jeep Clint produced from – where Tony didn’t know. Natasha and Clint got into the jeep and told him to hurry up. He got in though his whole body felt numb. He couldn’t remember the reason he’d followed Steve in the first place. The ride to the jet felt like it took a million years and he knew Steve didn’t have the time to wait for them, not with a fucking hole in his back and a burn on his shoulder to boot.
Tony paused before he answered, and the glimmer of joviality left his eyes. “Yes, that’s what I’m doing.”
Steve dropped the phone as the shame heated his face. All those nights he pretended to – he dreamed of Tony. It was okay, he’d told himself. It was just a silly fantasy, something to get the frustration out, something to ease the tensions. He’d fooled himself all along. He blinked away the tears as he stared up at the ceiling. Perverted, deviant. That’s what they called it back in his day when he grew up. It was his normal. He’d go to prison. Ridiculed. They wouldn’t do that today, but that didn’t mean it was right. But was it wrong? His brain ached in a confused mess. The pain in his head mirrored the ache in his gut. His eyes stung with unshed tears and he pushed himself to go through the Soul Mantra several times to quiet the erratic harmonies emanating from him to the others in the pack.
“Why aren’t you worried about Jane or better yet, Clint. Clint gave up his family for you,” Tony snapped. He regretted the words as soon as he said them, but the flood couldn’t be dammed. “I didn’t mean-.”
Pep enters the board room and smiles at him, and the steps aside to allow Steven entrance. Penny’s right. He’s glorious, fit to be swooned over, absolutely a dream. He’s wearing the colors of the Stark family. Red and gold with a dash of blue and white. The suit itself is what is often called the daily suit for an omega. It is sleek, one piece, and a combat suit as well. It accents Steven’s shoulder to waist ratio which is perverse. The dark red highlights his complexion and the embellishments of gold to the star and the stripes across his chest emphasize his hair. The long navy blue stripes along his flank and his legs with the shadow of white following it stop Tony’s breath. At Steven’s throat is a new collar – one of red and gold again – the permanent one, except that it glitters and attaches to the rest of the uniform.
“Yes?” Tony’s not even sure he should admit he’s here. Maybe he should just get up and leave, because how the hell is he ever going to explain this to Pepper.
“Big news,” Steve hisses. “Big news because people are protesting my husband getting a medical procedure that could help him regain his sight.”
“Yes, Stark. What is it?” Richards appears through the holographic projectors in the room. He looks annoyed but not overly so.
“Well, that’s not exactly-.” Tony started, but then Maria Hill walked into the conference room from a side corridor, surprising Steve. He hadn’t invited her and didn’t know whether he should ask her to leave or if someone (Tony?) had requested she attend.
“Old war memories?” Sam asked, and he seemed to relax a degree, though Steve sensed he was still on high alert.
“Fury said I could do good. That we could change things.” Steve chewed and then commented on the steak, “You could have warmed it up a little. I hate cold rare meat. I’m not a dog you know.”
“Well if you don’t like it, I don’t know why you think I would.” He manages to get the repulsor charged. “There. Just need some branches and wood for a fire.”
“That could work,” Steve says but he knows he won’t sleep well if he knows Tony’s upgrade is going on without his oversight. He needs to be there. “Maybe I could bed down on your couch in your suite or something? Close? Just in case?”
“I was only going to say I found some ground coffee beans in the cupboard. I can use some snow to melt for water. I can try and brew some up over the fire. It might not be the quality-.”
“He was a rescue,” Steve says and feels particularly put upon by Tony. He doesn’t think he will ever live down the day he brought a perfectly good (but fat) dog home. He has suffered for over six months since that day especially considering Tony took Steve bringing home a dog to mean that he wanted Tony to invent a collar by which they could hear what the dog had to say. Steve does not find this funny, or useful.
“He’ll be fine, you know Clint. He can handle himself,” Steve says but then Bruce steps in and offers a small shot glass filled with an amber liquid to Steve.
“The first time really wasn’t my fault.” He raises an eyebrow. “I hope it’s not only the stockholders who have a problem with it. Do you not like it?”
It surprises Tony that Steve’s careful with his speech as well. He must be cognizant of the idea that a spy organization might be surveilling its own. He has progressed a long way or he was never all that naïve in the first place. “And us?”
It takes a few tries but Tony maneuvers Steve out of the bed and toward the patio doors. They are only a few steps from the bed, and Steve realizes they are open – the sound of the ocean permeating the air. As they step outside the blast of warm air, the sun’s light encompasses him and he wobbles on his legs, nearly collapsing if not for Tony.
Tony follows Steve picking plates and stacking them. “Oh it wasn’t a great situation at all. Friends for a while, then said friend does you wrong and decides to out you to the world. There’s conspiracy theories now still to this day because of it.”
“I’m considered dangerous.” His voice belies his looks. It is strong and full and filled with rage and vengeance.
Natasha sat up straight, her eyes deep and wide. “I get a peaceful feeling from Steve. As if a burden is lifting from him for the first time.”
Steve cringes and tries to explain, “When Helen Keller was a little girl the Keller family brought Annie Sullivan to help her, teach her. But she was wild. She’d been blinded and lost her hearing due to illness. By the time she was 4 or so, she wasn’t behaved at all. She would run around the table and grab whatever was on anyone’s plate. Annie stopped all of that. She made the whole family leave the dining room and spent the next few hours stopping Helen and teaching her. Of course, it would take a while until they had the big break through with the water pump.”
She smiles and shakes her head. “No, Samantha will be your personal assistant throughout your stay at the Alpha Omega Retreat.”
“Yeah. Howard was a prick. He beat the shit out of me and then laughed when I cried. Obie always protected me. He could do it when Jarvis and Ana couldn’t.”
He should turn back, and he stops in mid-air. Somewhere over the coast of India, he hovers. Going back to Malibu, to his life and his problems. Steve wanted him to live a life and not be endlessly stuck in the same problem. He wanted him to do something with his life and not waste it. It might sound trite, but it’s what he has – a dying man’s wish.
“So, I get tossed aside?” The dark shadows around them pulsed red. Was it of passion? Was it of pain? Or maybe it was the rage teeming inside of Tony.
Tony wants to reach out and grab her, but he uses his voice instead. Pepper would be proud. “You do this, Ultron wins. You get that right? We have Ross coming down on our heads soon enough, if we don’t wipe Ultron from existence then we lose. Not only the Avengers but all of us. Everyone. Seriously, Doctor, do you think I matter that much that my life should balance out the lives of billions of people?”
"Captain, your service in the war is the stuff of legend, I should call you sir, not the other way around," Coulson says.
“Thanks,” Steve said and scrambled into the window after Clint. As Sam shut and locked the window then drew the blinds, he added, “Sam Wilson, this is Clint Barton. My second at the V-Corps.”
“Son of a bitch.” He grabbed up the drive and brought it over to the computer console. “JARVIS scan the drive and access it. I want to see all the data, analyze it.”
“No. Neither of us needed to be there.” Tony corrected. “I know what you’re thinking. You think just because you’re Captain America you should pull up your bootstraps and just deal with it. But I’m not doing that, and you don’t have to either.”
“Or Rhodey or sweetcakes. I personally like sweetcakes.”  Tony moves to the open space of the bridge. It’s sleek in design. Red and gold colors accent the work stations. There’s a large view screen in the fore section but each workstation has a holographic three-dimensional view of the surroundings with partial views of the ship itself. Tony sweeps his arms out in an arc. “She’s a beauty, isn’t she?”
Turning, Steve says, “What the hell, Bucky? Stark, you bring a Stark here? They’re nothing but trouble, especially the son.”
“What’s so funny?” Steve asks as his bag materializes in front of him. He’s been on missions before he knows how to pack for long drawn out journeys as well as warfare.
They were closer than he’d thought. He hissed through the pain but was grateful – it jolted him enough that his alertness ratcheted up a notch – just what he needed. The unassuming back gate to the perimeter of the compound loomed. There was no way for him to stop and get it to open.
Yet another mystery about Captain America. Tony wobbles and pitches forward into the snow, eating a good chunk of it. Probably ate bear piss or something else foul. He manages to get onto his feet and searches around for the shield. It’s only about ten feet from him but it’s through drifts of snow. Pushing his way through it, he grabs the sled and climbs back up the hill. It looks like the slope is ruined with all the footsteps and Tony’s body prints so maybe this whole fiasco can end. He grumbles as he makes the top of the slope.
Frigga studies them, her hands folded in front of her while the metal breast plate she wears gleams in the morning light of the Soul Realm.  She regards them like the queen she’s always been. “You think you can do this? You can find one another?”
Steve doesn’t get it until the last minute but opens wide and Tony lands the fork right on his tongue, the syrupy waffles smack in the middle. Steve closes his mouth and then as Tony slides the fork away, puts his hand to his mouth. A look of shocked surprise dawns on his face.
He grits his teeth as Natasha perches over him; in her hand she holds a pair of tongs.  He’s not sure he wants to know their original purpose. When he flinches as she pries at the open wound on his shoulder, she glares at him.
As the lightning hurtled across the landscape, the Hulk slammed through the small thicket and pounced on the Legion. In seconds, half of the crew had been dismantled. Tony cursed. “He’s not supposed to do that.”
Steve curses but doesn’t stop. He’s got his cock out already, the head bumping against Tony’s ass. With one remarkable thrust, he’s fully in. Tony gulps and grunts as Steve shoves again and again. Tony’s own cock rubs against the edge of the table sending spears of pain and pleasure all at once. Steve grasps Tony’s wrists in one hand and yanks them above his head. He’s laying flat on the table. It’s too much. Tony follows Steve’s rhythm, rocking back into his punishing thrust. His own cock is hard and untouched.
“Yeah, I talked to him a few times when they were in Japan. I seem to remember they were together, and Steve seemed concerned about you when you broke up with Pepper. I think he even knew Logan from the war, if you can believe it.” He shrugs. “But then again.” Bruce stops and runs a hand through his already messy hair. “I don’t – he was asking weird questions.”
Tony settles in at the head of the breakfast table. He points to the right hand chair and Steven takes it since as head of security, he’s part of the executive branch of the family. The servant pours Tony his coffee and serves him a breakfast of eggs, fruit, cheese, and rolls. Tony shrugs at Steven’s comment. “I’m less worried about him than I am of Estane.”
“No,” he says now to the Red Knight. “No. You know nothing. You’re trying to intimidate me. You’re here to devour my soul.”
Rhodey left him then, it had been days before they spoke, and when they did his friend had been distant and hesitant to really approach the subject. He always pushed it away. He knew better. The implant and the glasses were an outstanding invention that could change the world for the blind and visually impair. If he could make them work, if he could fix them. Tony might be able to fix himself.
Steve smiles and it hurts. “It’s a nice thought, Tony. But we all know that no congress in the Stark Systems would allow funds to be wasted on a Resident Artist. You don’t even know if I’m good at all. At least, I think I’m a good fuck.” That last line causes a shift of Tony’s features as if he loathes to admit that Steve is a whore. This verifies what happened earlier, Tony couldn’t even say Steve’s status. “You know it’s okay, right? Sure, I still have some issues now and again. But generally, I enjoy my job, Tony. What’s not to enjoy. I get to have sex and get paid to do it?”
Using the trunk of the tree, Tony leans against it as he gets to his feet. He smells like a zoo. “Guess that’s the Eau de Lion.” He stands there against the tree and lifts his black shirt to cover his nose. That only makes it worst. “I stink.”
He shakes himself – he needs to focus on the tasks at hand. Ensure Tony’s welfare, get the Brothel paid, and then use all his earning to search for Bucky. He might not be able to get to a warzone, but he knows people (or at least he’s heard of them) who will gladly take money to find a lost loved one. He’ll probably have to use credit since he hasn’t earned nearly enough to pay for a commission like that – it means his augmentation and his health placed on the back burner for now. He’s fine with that – knowing Tony’s safe and getting Bucky back counts as a win in his head.
Ross shrugged his shoulders and turned on his heel to face Pierce for a moment who was still standing at the window. When Ross looked at Steve again, his expression was firm, commanding. “I noticed what you said about mating. Do you agree with their practice to take a human as a resource, as food, as a play thing?”
Steve squirms beneath him and captures Tony’s hands in his own. “I want everything, Tony. All of it. I want to feel you, I want to be yours. I want to have this moment and all the moments to come with you.”
Steve stands to his full height, his wings still partially in the water, but feels energized, better in many ways. Going to the ocean, standing in the warmth and the salt of the Mother Earth, his body sings out and begins to truly heal. The white and gold of his feathers flash and glint in the ocean’s waves. The memories of them burning, eaten by flames, seem distant and lost.
Steve lifts a shoulder. “Part of me wants him to discover me just so he can be jealous. He propositioned me so it would be nice to show him he can’t have me.”
Steve taps him on the nose. “Well, find a good time to do it this week and we can plan on it.” He slips out of Tony’s arms and steps out of the bath, being careful of all the water on the floor. It’s a small flood across the tiles.
Steve chuckles as he folds the dish towel and the picks up the pot of coffee, refilling Tony’s mug for him. “A little. My mother used to be exasperated a lot.”
Steve spies him with the corner of his eyes, looking not at the mountains and the beauty of nature, but at Steve. “I think it could be. A miracle, that is.” Steve doesn’t face Tony, only keeps his focus steady on the colors of the mountains as the sun begins to set to the west, behind them. It brings up the red and orange hues dappled through the rugged terrain.
The youth next to him pulls the cigarette from his lips and smiles. “Funny, ‘cause my Soul’s named Winter.”
“Not long,” Penny says. “According to the records he ended up with Steven shortly thereafter. Some records indicate that he brought Steven from the Omega Purge community. Other records say he was purchased from the blocks. Still others say he was a gift.”
“The other vampires were not routinely fed serum laced blood for years. We expect that this is the difference,” the quiet second scientist said.
“Shit, no.” Tony whispered as images of Steve as a sickly kid, as a man with no hope popped up for all of them to witness. The memories were a flood and Steve couldn’t remember the Mantra to stop it. He couldn’t remember anything at all. His chest tightened as he watched Bucky close his eyes. His heart gripped his chest like a fist. He fought for each and every breath as he knelt beside his brother.
“Be happy, Steve.” Her presence dissipated, and Steve trembled with the chill left in the air. He glanced around as if he might catch a glimpse of her, some evidence that in fact she had visited him from beyond the grave. Only the opulent room surrounded him.
The dining room table is set. Tony searches around for candles and candlesticks. He finds them and places them on the table, lighting each candle. It’s a little silly since they are Halloween candles with etchings of skulls and witches along their length.
“I don’t think it should be forced,” Steve said. He knew he was trying to smooth over any hurt feelings.
“Okay, what happened? Was it the whole everything special about you came out of the bottle trick again or something else?” Natasha asks.
“Like I said I don’t want to be part of your boy band,” Tony replied. He really needed another drink, but the bar felt a million miles away even though it was directly behind him. Natasha had roped him in and hung him out to dry.
“’Meet the Iron Man himself, Blacksmith, Inventor, and Millionaire for hire – cheap.’” Next to the illustration of a hideous monstrosity of a mechanical man made of iron is contact information and rates. The cost is ridiculously low. “Why?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Steve said and maybe, somehow she’d shifted him through into a different reality. Maybe his Tony was gone. Maybe he had nothing left and she brought him here to a new place, to meet this new Tony. “Tony’s dead.”
“That’s a nasty way to put it,” Steve comments. “But it’s probably right. Let’s keep what we know under wraps as much as possible.”
They never climb the steps to the higher levels, in fact they descend downward into the lower, more macabre corridors of the building. The Pentagon did not exist when Steve was a younger man before the ice. Its construction started in 1941, a few months before the attack on Pearl Harbor. The War Department – what the Department of Defense would eventually evolve from – was housed elsewhere.  Even though the Pentagon wasn’t completed before Steve’s ‘death’, as Captain America and a SHIELD agent, Steve had visited it several times.
“Damn it,” Steve says as he looks up to the darkened stairwell. “Issues with limbs?” He knows how much Bucky suffers through the phantom pain, the nightmares of his torture. He doesn’t want him to go through something like that again.
“Well, the roads and airports are still closed. But the good news is.” He flips a pancake. “We have a pristine hill out back and we can go sledding.”
Tony didn’t refuse; he didn’t fight Steve. He sat with him and had JARVIS send up a new plate of rare steak. Steve ate it, though not happily. He dozed during the afternoon and Tony with him. For once, it felt like they were just a couple, not illegal, nothing strange or peculiar about them. The idea that Steve loved him and that he loved Steve, regardless of the consequences in the coven, transformed Tony. As he went into his stasis, Tony reminded Steve to sleep as well.
“You really are paranoid,” Clint said but took his own phone out, did the same and dumped it in the garbage can as they walked down the street. The rain had lightened but it still was wet and cold.
Rumlow barked out a laugh and Tony startled which threw him into fits of laughter. Sawyer only looked everywhere else but at the fellow guard. Rumlow whacked Sawyer on the shoulder. “You have to excuse good ol’ Chuck here. He’s got a soft spot for o4. Like they’re friends or something.”
She takes her plate back but doesn’t load herself up with the rest, so he’s obligated to follow her to one of the tables in the back of the lounge. She slides into a booth and lifts her chin to invite him to join her. “Sit down, Cap, we have some things to go over.”
Steve nods and then gratefully touches the ring. “So it’s official now?” His expression is so hopeful it takes Tony’s breath away.
He forces himself to scrape dishes, to scrub pans, but all the while his mind runs at blistering speed. Steve must want to contact the other Avengers, lay the groundwork for the conversations, this Statement of Responsibilities. Should Tony call in his side of the team? Who is his side of the team?
“It is a pleasure to meet you as well. The prince has told me that you are assisting him with his work?” Erskine says.
Steve lingers as Thor heads toward the doors of the Parlor Inn. The heat remains even as Steve moves away from Tony. He wants to find out what an unconventional life means, he wants to listen to the stories of why Tony can observe and see with such knowing eyes, he wants to confess the desires, of flesh and bone and want of his own. As he tries to formulate a response, Tony licks his lips. A shiver crawls up Steve’s spine and he feels the warmth of it against his face.
Now, he loves. He loves something unattainable. He shouldn’t even admit to loving a lion, a beast. He really is screwed up in the head. A sob shudders through him.
“Bombs? You think they’re bombs aboard.” Steve tucks his robe around himself as if it will serve as protection.
The night stretches out and he gets to the airport with little time to spare. He’s going to be late and he waits for Steve to text him back. He half hopes he doesn’t – that would relieve Tony of his guilt. But when they land, there’s a text and it says to meet Steve at his studio apartment at eleven sharp.
“You must,” Frigga says. “But there is one thing he will not know.” They all turn to her. “You are entangled. The two of you, always revolving around one another. Even in this limbo. Anthony since the day he arrived, you have had only one thought. It has been him, always. He is your center, your North. You will always be linked to him because your souls are linked.”
After the war had ended, and the good will toward former slaves in the North evaporated there had only been one recourse for someone as educated and empathetic as Sam, and that had been to find a new beginning. Steve had helped him find a position in a small town of Falcon with many other former slaves and he went with Steve's blessing and hopes. Sam had been reluctant to leave Steve, worrying about his state of mind, his tendencies to lapse into maudlin thinking, but Steve had convinced him otherwise. He worried that Steve would fall back into using the opium to wipe away the pain, but Steve hadn’t. He’d made a promise to Sam. Plus he had Bucky to take his mind off his own worries.  They'd found Bucky by then and saved him. It was Steve's turn to focus on helping Bucky survive the gripping nightmares of his time under Zola's hand.
“Most people are idiots,” Nat had said and looked into the distance. He wondered if she was searching the crowd for Clyn – who was probably very nearby considering omegas never strayed too far from their alphas. When she locked eyes with Clyn something swift and tender passed between them.
“Touch me, touch me,” Tony murmurs and Steve complies with his hands, a gentle stroke over thighs and then he reaches lower, touching Tony. He takes the weight of Tony’s balls in his hands, feels the velvet and then strokes them as Tony lays his legs wide.
Steve captures Tony’s sleeve. “It happens days ago. I doubt there’s anything you can do. He was on the Front, defending Rho Ophiuchi Cloud Complex with Captain Wilson. They were a team.” While he has no idea why he’s telling the prince of Stark Systems this secret, the burden lifts if only slightly. “He’s gone and I’m alone now. There’s nothing you can do.”
“You gotta be careful here, you know that right?” Bucky keeps his head down and they are out of sight of the narrow window of the jail.
“Almost doctor?” He really must have been running some kind of fever considering how muddled his brain seems to be right now. “I’m sorry, I don’t understand?”
“Not really.” Steve barely remembers the conclusion of the novel. He read it when he was just a boy. “He’s in the arctic. I don’t know, Tony.”
“That’s not ideal.” Even though Steve understood very little of how the whole Divini worked and how Tony’s newfound power existed, something told him that draining Tony of his energy to fuel the Helicarrier was playing with fire.
“Right now,” Pepper said and stopped at the dresser as she pulled out her intimate wear. The pretty panties, the beautiful silks and satins. “Right now. After you jerked off in the shower screaming Steve’s name?”
“But you could be so much more.” As soon as it’s out of his mouth, he wants to chew his words and swallow them back. He shakes his head, grasps his hands open and closed. “You know what I mean.”
Fumbling, grappling for purchase he grasped the side of the window frame, feeling the raw edges of the glass bite into his hands, but it didn’t matter. He dragged his body upward, throwing his weight forward to get his center of gravity into the room and not pointed down toward the pavement below in the alley way. He juddered as he got back into the room; his legs wobbled and he couldn’t stay upright as he took in the scene.
He wants to tell Steve he doesn't have to do this. But he can't. There are too many hidden corners and doors. Too many boogeymen waiting to jump out of corners.
When Natasha cuts off her comm-grid conversation, she looks at Clint and frowns. “I told you no purple.”
“Friday is in all of the sensors in this room. Friday is my attempt at an artificial intelligence to help me. Pretty good, huh? Just in the lab and the art room, but coming along, don’t you think? Also, on my phone.” Tony smiles. It’s brilliant as the day. In the sunlight of the art room, his hair shines with chestnut highlights. His smile radiates both calm understanding and wicked intelligence. Steve licks his lips and turns away.
“I’m not sure there’s anything to talk out. You did me a favor. So, thank you. I had a lot more leverage with SHIELD when I came back to work for them because of you.” He twists off a cap from the beer bottle and places it on the counter in front of Tony.
“I didn’t have a choice,” Tony said. “You brought me here.” He wanted to be defensive, to attack but hell, he was fairly certain he’d just experienced Steve’s memory of his mother’s death. Trying to keep the profundity of the moment like a flittering butterfly without purchase, Tony added, “You want to tell me why I’m here? Why you’re like that?” Tony gestured to Steve.
But Steve shoves against Tony’s hand and gets up on his elbows. “I’m only as clean as my last test, Tony. I’m a prostitute. Use the condom. I – We can’t lose you.” It hurts in every way to say it, to admit these words but Tony acquiesces partially due to Steve’s pleading with him.
Going to the stone fireplace, Tony finds the control panel on the wall and taps out the commands. It’s a real wood burning fireplace, but it does have some automation. All he needs to do is ensure the wood is stacked.  “Query: Wood?”
He runs wet hands through his blonde hair, letting the water drip down his face. He shaved earlier this morning with a small cracked mirror and the water pitcher in the room he shares with Bucky. But it feels good to have the water, so cool and crisp to lift him from the phantoms of his nightmare.
“Did a little Helen Keller act?” Steve asks and then immediately regrets it. He hisses inwardly and chides himself.
He rushes at the omega, tossing the food cart against the wall as his vision flashes with the red of urgency and fugue. He bats the weakened man onto the bed, struggling to get to the gland. Steven attempts to dislodge him, but his debilitated state hinders him. Tony takes the stunner and presses it against Steven’s side, striking him with a jolt. The omega goes rigid under him, his back arching and the veins and tendons in his neck sticking out. As the shock runs its course the red need of urgency flows through Tony. He turns off the current and the omega nearly sags in his arms, but his head is turned away toward the wall banishing any thought of Tony. Yet, that’s when Tony sees it, the pulsing gland. It seeps bonding hormone. It’s red, inflamed with want. Clearly the omega teeters on the edge of bonding – Tony can smell the difference in the pheromones released from it. The gland aches with obvious need. So delicious and aromatic in its fragrance that Tony cannot stop his primal urge.
“What’s wha-.” Tony whistles. “That looks like the ocean. Where the hell did it come from? It wasn’t there when we first got to this level.”
Bucky waits as if he’s hoping Steve might reveal other things, private things. But Steve hasn’t told anyone what happened, he’s kept it tightly hidden, wound down deep, so the barbs twist and stab only into his heart. When Steve remains silent, Bucky huffs in frustration and then says, “Seriously, buddy, you need to get laid.”
He’s a man functioning without a soul. What does that make him? The hole in his chest grows bigger and he wonders if Steve knows. Of course, Steve doesn’t know. Steve’s dead, Steve’s burned up. He finds himself standing outside the burnt shell of the apartment building. He opens the half door that’s left and walks on the protesting floor as it creaks and groans at him. Tony doesn’t listen to his own brain that tells him it isn’t safe. What’s safe anymore? He’s invincible because he doesn’t really exist anymore. He’s done things, and been things, but he never really loved until he touched a damned hooker.
He chuckles as if this whole thing is just a joke. “What else did you want them to do? Kept them entertained as long as I could. Sorry wasn’t longer.”
“You are almost through your heat,” he says as he wipes Steve down with the other towel. “But not quite done.”
“I don’t know what you mean,” Steve whispered and it was painfully clear the way he dropped his eyes and then closed them that he did.
“Sure, that would be nice,” Steve manages to say. He reaches for Tony’s uniform and starts to undo the buckles. “I think it would be relaxing to shower.” He’s slow and purposeful as he unbuttons and unsnaps each of the fasteners on the prince’s uniform. He pushes the prince’s uniform jacket to the floor and slides his hand downward and yanks up Tony’s undergarment, slides it over his head. When the prince stands before him with his augmented chest bare for him to see and touch, Steve leans in and kisses, lightly and sweetly along his nipples. He’s tender but teasing. Tony shivers in response and his hands slip around Steve’s neck, holding him close, urging him.
Tony slings his canteen across his shoulders, and then shoves the rest of the meat into his mouth, giving Steve a smile that harkens back to ones he’s seen on Peter. Steve only rolls his eyes and they pack up the horses to go. In minutes they are headed out toward the river. It takes a good two hours to hit the basin and then it becomes a steep edged climb down to the shores of the river. During the ride over to the water, the storm breaks and the weather becomes foul.
Steve rubs his eyes and then drops his hands into his lap. He looks utterly defeated, so different than that man that showed up at his penthouse asking for a chance as if a new day had dawned for the both of them. He doesn’t look at Tony, he keeps his eyes focused elsewhere, internally. “I thought this would work. I really wanted it to. But, I can’t do this to you or to anyone else.” He grabs at the napkin again nearly upsetting the milkshake. He glances up at Tony. “I can get out of your hair by the end of the week. Fury offered me a position in D.C., said I would be an asset to SHIELD. At least I can do something with myself instead of sit around and-.” He left the sentence open like a flag signaling in the wind.
“Yeah," Clint answered. The soul lines pitched and synchronized as his purpose clarified. "The dead have awakened.”
“And because it happened while I tried the bond, well, it split or something. Bruce had to repair it,” Steve said. He tried not to dwell on what he had seen, the astral projection of Clint shredded and splintered until Bruce mended it. Would it hold? Would it shatter again? That terrified Steve. “It’s been a day, and you said you had plans to fly home?”
“You aren’t a vampire, I’m pretty sure of that,” Tony said. He separated himself from Steve, getting off the bed, walking a distance to the windows. He stared out, his hands in pockets of ill-fitting jeans. “I couldn’t lose you. Natasha told me not to do it. Thor didn’t know what would happen.”
Steve stands up and joins Tony. “What can I do?” He’s not sure this is the right course of action, perhaps Tony’s planning on burning the place down, shooting his way out in a hail of bullets. That would not count as saving Tony Stark. Steve should look for a way out, an escape plan. But for now, he has to bide his time and figure out the lay of the land to measure his choices.
“The nerves may just grow back on their own. It’s been shown that it is possible, plus with delivery of neural growth factors we have a good chance, Tony.” Strange waits as Tony remains uncharacteristically silent. “You could regain some of your natural sight. The methodology here is cutting edge.”
Sweeping dunes of snow dotted with rocky mountains greet him. The rocks are grey and blue in color but with a hint of red as if Ultron painted them specially to emphasize blood and death. When they first arrived in this rim they’d set out toward the mountain ridge thinking it would offer protection from the blizzard. Now Steve surveys the ridge line, the steepled peaks, looking for any crag or cavern that might hint of a Passage. The sun is barely out peeking through the foothills to the east. The snow cover glitters in the coming dawn’s light.
“What’s a load of shit?” Tony hears Steve footsteps across the laboratory floor. He stops in front of Tony. “Do you want me to take off the VR stuff and put on your glasses?”
Tony squats down next to Steve. He places the burner farther into the cockpit area of the jet. “Away from the wind,” he explains. He takes the lighter from Steve and the flames flare and then flicker as they catch.
He turned back to the matter at hand. “I don’t know where the shield is, not really. Maybe in the Potomac. He was on the shore. Beaten and shot, several times. Don’t have any idea how he got there. He was mumbling gibberish, about that old friend he had during the war.” That was all true, but some part of it felt off, wrong like Tony tried to conceal something important that he really didn’t even know he had.
Tony wanted to agree, to say ‘you’re damned right’ but the truth was – and he found it hard to swallow because who could he take his grief out on – that the guilty party was Hydra, not Barnes and surely not Steve. “Just go, I need – I need some time.”
“Light at the end of the tunnel, JARVIS,” Tony asks and even his voice rasps as he works past the recalled images of being confined in a cave, the dark, the unfiltered thick air. He’s still in the armor, but yet he feels like the air around him chokes him. Holding onto the rocky wall, he stops and attempts to settle his nerves.
“I had no idea. I thought he was here to keep an eye on his brother.” Steve doesn’t mention about him escaping his responsibilities and duties on Asgard.
“Probably not.” Steve offered his hand to Bruce who took it without reserve. They shook hands and then Steve left. The visit managed to alleviate a little of the tension in his shoulders but not all of it. Bruce made a ton of sense. Going with SHIELD was against a lot of what Steve stood for, especially since it was a spy organization. But he felt he could do good under the umbrella of SHIELD, more so than he could through the military.
It was thoughtful yet why couldn’t Steve say anything to Tony, express his thankfulness and appreciation. Every time he interacted with Tony it turned into a match of wills instead of a normal conversation.
“What?” Tony tilts his head. He heard that wrong. “Repeat Friday.” Friday repeats the text exactly as stated. It makes no sense. Steve should have his stuff sent to the Tower, where he currently lives. Unless – unless the whole seizure thing scared the shit out of him, and he went running. He’d thought better of Steve, but then again Pepper’s right he’s only known Steve for two months. “But the bike ride and the-.” He stops short of saying kiss.
“No, the new one, you know, Mister Stark. He’s taken such a shine to Peter. He’s taught the boy so much about mechanics. He’s a real scientist,” Aunt May says but her eyes are like lightning and her meaning sharp.
They fall silent for a few minutes, before Tony says, “I think I’m going to like being with you Steve. You make me smile. You make me happy.”
Pep and Jamison take their places near the table. Steven seems to understand the protocol without Tony’s direction. He waves for the others to take their places and Steven sits next to Tony. It is a round table with a center holographic display of the Council of Worlds. The number of human worlds look like a spiral. As the different alphas settle into their chairs with their omegas another attendee appears at the entrance.
Tony stands in the corner of the corridor, his arms wrapped around himself, staring down at his feet. The light morphs around him like a beast waiting to devour him. Nothing, no movement, no twitch from Tony gives away that he’s heard anything Steve projected to him. His eyes come up and he gazes solely on Alternate Steve. “Kill him.”
Tony grabbed the microphone as Rumlow charged the cage. “Stop! Don’t you fucking dare.”  He looked at Pepper. “Don’t let him touch Rogers.” He didn’t stop to tell her what to do. He dashed out of the room and found the elevator again. He pressed the button and waited too long, before it finally rang and he rushed inside of the car. He hit the prison level and the car went to it immediately.
Steve glares up at the man. Two choices loom before him. Trust Obie and tell him the truth. Don’t trust him and take the fall. The choice is easy. Protecting Tony is part of the job. He won’t humiliate the prince. “It’s none of your business.”
“You went to bed at like four in the afternoon yesterday. You must have been beat.” Steve waves the mug of coffee like a carrot in front of a horse. “I made coffee to see if it would revive you.”
Tony dives into the stew which consists of a lot of root vegetables and a few scattered pieces of mystery meat. He doesn’t care his stomach rumbles at him in protest for having abandoned it for so long.
“Can I help you?” The woman behind the desk smiles at him. She has a brilliant smile and he fumbles for words. “Okay, this is your first time?”
Steve furrows his brows and says, “Yeah, I think I am.” His tone almost challenges, almost but not quite.
“I changed my mind, sunshine. I’m going to make love to you.” Tony leaned down and licked at Steve’s wound, releasing a tiny bit of the paralytic. Steve groaned as he felt it work through his body. “Now I have a captive audience. Now, I’m going to show you how much I love you.”
Steve bows his head, considering, and then blinks too quickly because the prickle of tears born from guilt and shame come unbidden to his eyes. He allows himself a moment to settle before he says, “You know what he is.”
“What did happen?” He needed to know, the weakness impaled him but the desire to find out what had transpired energized him enough that he fought his way back to a sitting position. This thing, the blood inside of him, there was finally a reason. It wasn’t human. The weakness came from this other thing inside of him.
Rumlow’s eyes were cold and filled with malice. What happened to the almost friendly way he’d acted when they’d first been captured? An act.  That was it. Steve knew it to be an act. Rumlow enjoyed cruelty. He probably kicked puppies and threw kittens in the trash. Rumlow watched Steve as he stiffened his resolve, taking strength from his memories and love of Tony. He narrowed his gaze at Steve, observing the power within him.
Zola had been a rouge agent during the war. Some lunatic from the old world settled into the bogs and bayous of the Mississippi, terrorizing the local population and others in the surrounding area. He liked to do what he called scientific experimentation. When he'd ventured further North and Bucky fell into his hands, he'd spent the better part of his time torturing Bucky for the Southern cause but under no one's true command. The Southern Generals didn't even know about Zola, he had been a loose cannon, operating independently.
“There’s no mooning. I just got out of a long term relationship and I’m still healing from that,” Tony bites back.
“It’s not you, it’s me,” Tony claimed afterward, when Steve asked, probed, nearly crossed the line to bullying him into a confession. “I wanted to do this, you have to know I wanted to do this.”
God, he’s sitting in bed with Tony. His hands are held in Tony’s clasp. “Hmm yeah. Sure. I can do it.”
Steve forgets the pan of warming milk on the stovetop and runs to the back stairs. He takes them two at a time and follows Vision into Tony’s suite. “Oh Christ!” He halts in the bedroom when he spots Tony on the floor, convulsing. His glasses are thrown to the side as his body undergoes a seizure.
Steve mumbles a reply and when he looks at Tony he says, “I didn’t want you to see me like that. Why did you come? Why couldn’t you just leave well enough alone?”
“Now would be good,” Steve says through clenched teeth as he stretches, grabs, and lifts them another arm’s length.
Without glancing back over his shoulder, he says, “You don’t have to worry about me, Buck. You can tell Nat and Sam and whomever else is up in arms about it. I can handle Tony Stark.”
Here the souls of the dead purified themselves of the transgressions and sins from their lives. They suffered in the bleak lands before him, wanting, yearning to pass on but trapped in a state of endless misery until at last released. Instinctively, Tony knew he would never be able to leave. His undead body was ruined but never truly dead. He was an immortal after all. Vampires died only by a wooden stake through the heart and he imagined that it was due the poison slicing away at the wraith form and freeing it from the tether to the real world. He remained anchored, secured to watch and to feel his physical form decay. His flesh curled up in the sun like dried meat and slipped off his bones. Each loss sent shooting pains through him like a drill into his forehead. The iron skewer through his chest burrowed deep within him leaving him vacuous and empty. His heart had ached with love once. The profundity of that love surprised him and fed him. It had given meaning to his immortal life. It was over now. He wanted to reach out and apologize. To tell Steve to find a way to live on, but his body and spirit failed him. He existed but did not. He never said goodbye. He never had the chance.
Tony wakes as the sun sets and the horizon shines with bright orange and crimson colors. Blu is nowhere in sight and he can hear the insect sounds humming as the night rises across the foothills and slopes of the mountains. Tony pushes up with his uninjured hand and groans. The pain in his side is definitely bruised ribs at least but might be worse. He bites back any sounds and scans the area for the lion. He finds nothing. No sign.
Rhodey clears his throat. “Correct. We do need a moniker that we register with our unit for extraction.”
“That’s true.” Tony listens to the ocean as it crashes against the dock, the shore. There isn’t a beach here, just rocks and jetties. “I did hire you to assist, but I don’t need your pop psychology. I didn’t ask for that.”
“Yes, Hydra. They started experiments. A lot of people started to go missing. It seems as if the Maximoff twins volunteered. They wanted to ensure that no more of their countrymen were abducted.”
He’d stood there in the shower, hoping and praying but there was no God in this universe that wouldn’t see his sin. He shuddered against it. Tried to will his cock down. Instead unbidden images of Tony before him, sitting with his head thrown back and his mouth open as Steve swallowed him down, as Steve tasted him, as Steve felt the curvature of his cock in his mouth. And then Tony had grabbed his head and thrust, thrust so deep and powerfully that Steve had wanted to cup his balls, had wanted to finger his ass, had wanted to flip him over and fuck him.
“Dessert?” Considering that the prince liked the interruption, Steve figures they’re not continuing their dance to the bedroom for dessert.
Tony glances up at the darkening sky. Even out here in the middle of nowhere Stark technologies and its satellites don’t fail him. “Well, tell Pepper I’m fine. Everything is fine.”
Tapping the contraption, he finds one wire still not connected. He places it carefully and then solders it. He finds a matching head piece or top to the cylinder on the bench in the corner and then with a little finagling he’s able to fuse the bottom and top together. It warms in his hands and immediately begins to glow. It surprises him enough that he very nearly drops it.
Steve leads Tony to the ship and then to the prince’s quarters. The guards scurry to try and keep up, but Steve knows the schedule and he will not have the prince late. That will only serve the rumor mill. They don’t need that especially after the earlier events. Once in the quarters Steve demands that Tony get cleaned up and disregards his insistence that they shower together.
“Good. I’m good.” In the recesses of his brain, alarms go off. This isn’t about his pleasure, but the prince’s. “Let me, let me do something for you.” He lifts a far too heavy arm.
“They moved him to a private room. Sewed up some of the worst of it,” Natasha reported. Her voice sounded tired, older than it should. He should give her leeway; he literally could feel the throb of exhaustion in the soul bonds. Yet at the same time he read relief through the bond. The worst of the worry for Steve was over. “Took out the bullet in his leg. The one in his abdomen was straight through. They did nothing but put some compression pads on that one. The serum is taking care of it. Sam and Bruce are in there now.” She pointed to the room.
He should have known better, considering how brilliant and far seeing he usually prides himself on. He admits now, he was damned tired. Exhausted even, he wanted nothing more to do with the idea of Ultron and his actions to put a shield around the world. Blow up every single robot, combing through the internet to ensure that Ultron was gone should have been enough, but Ultron’s intelligence had been based on JARVIS and JARVIS had been based on Tony’s brain. It’s reasonable to assume that Ultron would have found a way and it did.
He’s not taking no for an answer. Steve follows, but with bare feet it’s nearly impossible; they double back and get the armor’s boots. Tony adjusts the size and has Steve step into them. He’s hesitant at first but Tony grumbles enough that he listens. With those equipped at least he can walk comfortably. The rest of the armor’s been picked for parts, worse than vultures on a carcass.
“And did they? Did he?” Tony never really cared much for ancient generations’ stories. What’s the point? They’re dead and gone, not really changing today at all.
“What we all do to ourselves.” He tried not to think of Peggy, how difficult it must be for Bruce to watch her intelligence, her sanity, slowly leak away to age and disease. From what he understood, Bruce had taken to coming to DC to visit with Peggy on occasion. They played mahjong and had that ridiculous tea Bruce liked so much.  Even that though, Steve felt guilty about since Tony had said something about Bruce and how much they were ‘science bros’ and at least he had that. It jabbed right into Steve’s heart.
“That’s never going to be as fun as this. Or as satisfying.” Tony catches his remark before it leaves his tongue. Inwardly he’s proud of himself, but only grimaces at Steve who simply claps him on the back and says, “I’ll show you how it’s done.”
“He might not mean to,” Natasha warned. She left it at that because he refused to budge, and Natasha wasn’t the kind of woman who battled and lost. She’d given him a warning shot and that’s all she was willing to offer.
“I don’t mean for our relationship to cause you undo pain,” Tony says. “It was my understanding you were a sub-omega.”
That grin ate away at Tony’s resolve as he watched the hunger steal over the young vampire’s face. It wasn’t even for him. It was for Rhodey. Tony had interrupted the vampire. “He’s not interested. He didn’t even want to go to the Blood Den.”
“You made a promise to a man who died over 70 years ago, Steve.” Tony stays put though every fiber in his body wants to cross the distance between them. He has a secret. A secret that’s worse than finding out about his parents.
“Okay. Fine. Be that way.” Tony grumbles under his breath and then explains, “Cho was nervous I might have a heart attack or, you know, go into cardiac arrest. And before you react, because I know you will, I am not in any danger. At all. She overreacted and brought me to the surface out of an abundance of caution. That’s all. After we went over the stats, I’m back. That’s it. End of story.”
“Hmm, sir, I just wanted to tell you I’ve turned down your bed and laid out your clothes as Vision taught me.”
Steve groans as she delves deeper to clear out all the shrapnel.  He closes his eyes and tries not to think about the war; what happened there. He cannot stop the images, cannot stop the barrage of smells and horrid reminders of a war that took Bucky’s arm and left him with sleepless nights and an overwhelming urge to disappear and go to sleep for years.
"They'll come for you," Steve said, his tone strangely aloof. "They'll come and I won't be able to stop them. I have enough." He pauses and looked away from Tony. He steeled his expression and turned to face him again. "Get out."
“Still I don’t want him anymore damaged than he already is,” Tony says because it’s clear the omega will be in need of care and medical attention. “Just make sure he’s at least clean.”
“So,” Steve said and looked away. “We do this together.” And with the last he met Tony’s gaze. All the answers to every question Tony had were there.
“To what end, this lion he hasn’t found his home. He keeps searching. There’s no moral to the story, no end. It doesn’t end happily ever after.”
The reporter narrated over the video. “Secretary Ross today announced the new treatment that all vampires will be required to undergo. This treatment will help the vampires remain in their natural state as undead, but it will also keep safe the human population.”
“Yeah, I might have noticed.” Sam dropped the night vision goggles and climbing gear next to the bed.
Clearing his throat, Steve says, “I’m an artist, that’s true. I also know a little bit about nursing since my Ma was a nurse on our settlement. I learned most of the art trade through the training-vid and interactives. I have a portfolio-.” He stops. That’s not what she wants to know about at all. “So, my Ma died. I needed to get away from the settlement. It was seriously in jeopardy of total collapse because of the war. No supplies, you know the story. So, I started to look for a new position.”
“Oh, great,” Tony replies and waits for Steve to stop the bike. He’s a little disoriented when he goes to get off the bike – with the motion and the lack of visual clues he sways a bit. Steve steadies him with a hand to his shoulder.
“Oh.” Tony glances at the setting sun and then back to Blu who waits for him. Though the poppies catch the fire of the sun as it melts along the horizon, he sees no beauty in it. His heart forces him to go back, to follow a big animal away from civilization such as it is, and toward a different path.
“Locomotives cannot get you everywhere, Mister Stark.”  He gives a sidelong glance to Tony and notices a fine high blush to his cheeks. Steve secretes it away that Tony likes to be spoken to formally. He already knows that Tony is amused by his usage of
He thought about the plane, crashing it, the cold rush of water, and death or not death. The fleeting memories of a frigid hell, thinking he’d gone to hell and the dark gloom of the ocean his eternal damnation. It was a wonder he hadn’t lost his mind entirely. But maybe he had and this whole thing was a delusion. A knock jogged him out of his thoughts. He put down the files and went to open the door. Before it was even cracked, Stark pushed his way into the apartment, spun on his heel, and grimaced. Just his suit alone would have bankrupted Steve back in the day.
Steve hadn’t been able to stop himself. Maybe it was his own nature getting in the way, or maybe it was something worse. The fear of losing his last link to the past. Still to this day he doesn’t know.
Though he needs to come to terms after several missions to the Middle East and Afghanistan in particular, his faith in his memories fractures. There’s no sign of him, there’s no proof a Captain of the Army had been captured and held by terrorists. Rhodes finds nothing in his intel, and Pepper can only shake her head after she finds him in the workshop hanging out of the armor. One last trip – he thinks – and then he must refocus his efforts on his company. The company shattered by recent news that it might have had a hand in selling weapons to the enemy.
A voice answers but it doesn't sound like Steve at all. Pain laces his tone and he groans before he speaks he word. "Frank, tell 'em to go -- away."  He moans.
Tony leans in and whispers, “This isn’t going to be nasty, Steve. I wouldn’t do anything you wouldn’t consent to, remember that.”
“I’m going to have you sleep now, but then I’m going to mount you when you sleep. Would you be amendable to that?”
“I was in Russia, working undercover for the V-Corps, sent to get the infamous Black Widow vampire. Let’s just say that Natasha worked a different life back then. Talk about red in her ledger. Hers was bloody and she liked it. She didn’t have a coven. She ran free.” Clint stretched out as much as possible in the confined space. “I was tasked to bring her in. To kill her. I chose another route.”
“He’s asleep now,” Steve says and Natasha nods. There’s a worn look about everyone, the town’s about had it with the drama. They all look threadbare and beaten. It must be Schmidt behind the attack, trying to scare them enough to make it impossible to fight back.
“Yes, for you, I thought that might be a simple fix. But for the actual clinical trial we implanting seeds for homing, if possible. It’s not an easy task but since we would have to remove the implant, I could surgically place the seeds and then the viral package at the same time.” Strange sighs. “It’s not an easy task.”
Tony grunted, more determined to free himself, but with every motion, his body failed him. It faltered and shuddered against the movement. He tried to grip the nails in his hands, thinking to yank against them, but as his fingers closed into fists, the skin on his knuckles dropped away. He clawed at his palms, trying to get a good grip. Every motion, every small movement flayed away more of his skin under the harsh light of the sun. He struggled again, but he couldn’t grasp the nail and the sun ate away at what little strength he mustered. Tony cried out, but only bubbles of blood dripped down out of his mouth. His lips wouldn’t completely close around his teeth. The blood flowed down his partial chin onto his chest where the iron nail jabbed him.
“Sorry, I don’t have the digital key. They never trusted me with it,” Clint said. His face was pale, and his eyes set like stone.
Steve doesn’t reply because it’s true. Water is too valuable out in the Regions to waste on bathing. “Where does the station get the water?” He strips. Using a bathroom with a whole floor of tenement occupants managed to help him deal with being naked in front of others.
Steve grimaces. “Yeah. A little. How can Ultron decide how I heal? Shouldn’t that be my perception?”
But no, he’s still here, still filthy and grimy, and still in pain. The pain is different this time, though. It feels tight, his chest isn’t pulsing with infection. He can’t smell the fetid wound anymore. But the flesh feels stretched and taut. Groaning, he tries to turn but a hand on his shoulder stops him.
The next few moments are untamed as if Tony’s been starved for this all his life. A connection, a person willing to see him. He fucks into Steve and the heaviness, the thickness of Tony’s cock inside Steve sends him into a weeping mess. He’s crying as he comes, the wildness settles, and the orgasms takes him. It’s a wonder to behold. The stretch of Tony’s cock, the pulsations thrill him and set Steve on fire so that he almost believes he might come again. He watches the prince though, watches Tony’s blissed out expression, the loss of the tension lines that Steve hadn’t even known were there, the relaxation of his shoulders as he comes and comes. His body seems overtaken by the need to spend itself. As the prince comes, his body wrestles and rebels against him forcing him to allow it this pleasure, this long awaited feast. Tony throws his head back and groans out a guttural cry. For a long moment, Steve wishes they had barebacked so that he could feel the heat of the prince’s come inside his body, but that’s not allowed so he quickly wipes the thought away. Tony quakes and then quiets abruptly.
“Tell me what you want me to do for you?” Tony says. His eyes widen, imploring and seeking – what Steve doesn’t know. A small part of him thinks it might be absolution.
“I have the Hulk – get back in position, Iron Man!” Steve focused back on the Hulk as Tony hovered in the air for the moment. His worries were unjustified as Big Green literally pounded his way past the sentries and cracked open the fortress like an eggshell.
Steve only stares at the glittering crystal on his desk. It’s a dark color, not black, but almost auburn and it reminds him of Tony’s hair. He swallows and shakes his head. “If you say he’s the rep, then he’s the rep. What can I do about it?”
He was – but it didn’t matter.  A dream. Tony told himself it had to be a dream, though he couldn’t remember falling asleep. “Yeah?” His own voice sounded off, too tentative, too worried.
“For fuck’s sake, Steve, Thor’s mom is not trying to curse you.” Out from the shadows the Red Knight appears. “We’re trying to help you. You fucking nearly killed yourself. Or sent yourself beyond our capacity to help you. Whatever dead means in this realm.”
“I get it,” Steve said and adjusted his collar. “But he’s not going to rat me out to Ross. He hates the man more than I do.”
As he walks down the tunnel his hands sweat and his nerves jitter. Not many people are going in the same direction. Most are probably not even going for a presentation or urgency. Most are probably employed at the blocks. He finds his way to the entrance which isn’t hard because it is a large double door. Opening it, he enters the lobby. There’s a reception desk and waiting area. It radiates calm with its cool blue and light green colors. There’s a fish tank and several broad leaf palm plants. A few couches with tables next to them as well as an area to get coffee or tea are placed in the waiting room. He goes to the reception area and stands there, displaced. The whole place with its soft music and quiet atmosphere makes him feel all the more alone.
“What the fuck?” When he spun around on his heels, he saw only the pitch-black night. If he attempted to step away from the spotlight, the world adjusted, shifted and he was once again walking down the pathway of light. He had a choice. Fight it and go nowhere or go with it and find out what the hell was going on. Maybe he’d gone nuts?
“I might,” Tony admitted. He peered over his shoulder at Bruce. “But I need to talk to someone-.” He hated this part because now the music in his head swelled and he cringed against it. “I need to talk to Nat or Sam. I’m sorry Bruce, it’s just-.”
“Come on. We’ll find out how Steve is and then get some coffee.” Natasha didn’t let go of Tony’s hand which should have jarred him. She wasn’t the touchy feely kind of person. But her grasp of his hand gave him the anchor he needed. He sheepishly followed her, now like a duckling after its mother.
“And what about Bucky? Can you handle the pain of what he’s done?” Steve searched his face and Tony knew the horror still stained it.
