Steve was struck with the notion that he was completely absent from whatever moment the two men seemed to be having. They looked at each other like they were having their own, silent conversation, and it hit the back of his throat like spoiled milk because he wasn’t used to not having at least a fraction of Tony’s attention. Especially not on these nights; these nights that were meant to be his and his alone.
“Toni?” he called softly, after clearing his throat. Though there was light streaming out from the bottom flap of the tent, indicating that she was awake, Steve still let out an inaudible breath of relief when he heard the sounds of shuffling coming closer.
” The words slipped from his lips in a low growl, not aimed specifically at Bucky but certainly not precluding him either. “She’s not a
That uneasiness in his son’s eyes when Peter had demanded a promise from him to bring his mommy back safely, was something that Steve fervently wished never to see again.
She pulled away far too soon, and Steve frowned a little to himself when that thought registered. The physical comfort, he was sure, was what prompted his disappointment; there was nothing like a little contact to reaffirm that they were safe.
Tony wouldn’t have been Tony if he didn’t rise to the bait of Steve’s ill-directed temper, and true to form, the brunet raised a cool eyebrow and pulled the bandage around his knuckles a little tighter before answering in a clipped voice. “He told me you needed me.”
Steve was wrenched from his thoughts with Tony’s gentle hand around the cusp of his shoulder. He stopped obligingly in place, raising turbulent blue eyes to meet soft brown ones that looked almost amber thanks to the glint coming from an overhead streetlamp. For a single moment, time stopped, and he couldn’t have looked away from Tony if the fate of the world had depended on it.
Though he nodded, Tony could feel the minute shivers that occasionally rippled through his lover’s body. It was the first time, in Tony’s recollection, that he’d ever seen Steve truly shaken by something, and for the first time, the inventor realized that today must have been a nightmare that Steve had been dreading since they became serious. What else would have made him put the stupid rule in place to begin with? What else but fear could drive such a drastic measure?
Leaning down to suck another mark into Tony’s neck, Steve used the opportunity of distraction to slip his hand into Tony’s pants, thankful that the man had changed from his undersuit into a pair of sweats. Immediately, the inventor let out a strangled sound and his hips jerked forward, but Steve was strong enough to pin Tony’s hips back against his with nothing more than a large, insistent hand. “So responsive for me, my darling,” he praised softly, nipping the soft skin of Tony’s throat just to hear him gasp again, all while rubbing the front of Tony’s boxers. “You’re so hot like this, all wrapped up in my arms, letting me touch you…” Steve flicked his tongue out to trace the shell of Tony’s ear, enjoying the shiver it produced. “My pretty, sweet thing.” He punctuated the words with another roll of his hips, biting back a groan when Tony pushed his ass back against him.
“Steve?” The Captain was in full battle mode, posture rigid and eyes flat, but he still acknowledged the address silently by flicking his gaze towards Bruce. “Nat texted,” he relayed, waving his phone in the air demonstratively, something he was pretty sure he’d picked up from Toni. “Rhodes got word and he’s close-by, and headed there, too. ETA three hours, same as us.”
Oh, she was on to him. Softening her up with those earnest eyes, targeting her natural desire to protect him from helplessness by focusing on his reaction if something were to go wrong… everyone thought Steve was about as manipulative as a butterfly, but she had his number. Sneaky little jerk.
But it was done with, now, and there was no point being upset over it. “Nothin’,” he shook his head, and tried at the same time to shake off his mood. He tried for a smile, and was happy that it came easier than he thought it would. “You know what we should do?”
“You know what I never get tired of? People punching me in the face after they’ve kidnapped my super-hot boyfriend.”
Tears slipped freely down the woman’s face now, but she gathered enough composure to slip a delicate looking chain off her neck. A pendent roughly the size of a quarter hung from it, and she pressed the medallion into Toni’s free hand.
. For the rest of his life, my son will know that I’m capable of something like that, and he’s never going to know if I’ll turn it on him. I’m worse than my father, because at least he let me know young that he wasn’t afraid to knock me around. Peter will have to live with the uncertainty.”
As if he’d heard the thought and wanted to prove otherwise, Rogers briskly walked away from the suit, purpose to his movements that hadn’t been there a few minutes ago. “We have a plan,” he announced to Banner and Barnes, only glancing at Jim long enough to get his nod of agreement. Not because he was backing the man up, but because Rhodey trusted Toni. “We’re going to be working our way down while Toni tries to climb and or blast her way up. We can’t afford to be slow, but we can’t be reckless either, so if the floodlights are straining anyone’s eyes or you think you’re flagging, stop and rest until daybreak. Everyone else, keep moving debris and be careful not to get injured or dislodge your platform in the process.”
But that didn’t mean he couldn’t try for a compromise. “You’ll have it,” he nodded, “but if it comes to it… I want you to leave.”
It was a terrifying existence, but at its core, it had pride and a strength of heart that Toni had cultivated in them all.
Besides, he mused, since they didn’t know about Howard, he was pretty much the only candidate that could have put a huge, hand-shaped bruise on her arm.
In all honesty, though, for all that they’d meant a lot to him, he’d never actually needed the words. He’d always known that Toni loved him, before she said it, even before she’d traveled halfway across the country with him so that she could help him with his sick mother.
“How dare you, I’ll have you know that I am a delight, Banner,” she returned mock haughtily, focusing on the banter rather than focusing on the pain that was only getting increasingly persistent the longer she was down there. “I can recall three separate instances where you…”
Steve wasn’t sure he would ever fully understand the friendship that had blossomed between his lover and his best friend. Only six months ago, Bucky had been on the run, avoiding everything and everyone as far as possible for fear of losing control over his HYDRA programming. It had been Toni who had eventually tracked him down, once Steve had swallowed his pride and asked his resourceful girlfriend for help, and Steve had spent the better part of two weeks convincing his childhood best friend to come back to the tower with him.
He kept a hooded gaze on her face as he slowly, almost hesitantly, began to explore her soft, moist folds with his fingers. The little whine she let out and the sheer pleasure on her expression was a vision, but then, Steve was fairly certain that everything about Toni Stark was ridiculously beautiful.
Cliffhanger! Sorry guys, it's evil, I know, but I promise more fluff is incoming, if that helps? *hides face*
“Have you ever been in love?” The words slipped from his lips without his permission, and if Steve had been any less focused and determined to retrieve what was rightfully his, he might have been mortified for speaking them so boldly.
The impressive looking legal binder that had been next to the kidnapping picture, containing Steve’s will and an annotated list of the assets that would fall into Tony’s possession, went flying as Tony hurled it pointedly to the corner of the room. It could stay there forever, for all the fucks he gave about it.
Even if he had been able to private, home lessons, there had also been the simple fact that they were meant to be under the radar. Nobody outside of Nat knew about his family and where they lived, because even one person knowing could put them all in jeopardy, and that wasn’t a chance that Clint had been willing to take.
“You scared the hell out of me, darlin’,” Steve admitted softly, curling his body protectively around Tony’s. “When I saw them bring you in, those bruises on your face… and then when they started…”
“When you’re healed,” he promised, the barest hint of a growl in his voice that promised their brand of homecoming would be postponed, but not forgone. Toni shivered at the huskiness in Steve’s voice and marveled slightly at how the supersoldier managed to light such a deep-reaching, craving need inside her with nothing more than a few words and those lust-darkened blue eyes.
Running a dry tongue over chapped lips made her wince, but it also brought her out of her reminiscing long enough to wonder how much time had passed. A glance at the watch that was still on the sleeping kid told her that it had been a little over three hours since she’d sent herself into that self-imposed meditative state of remembering, and if she’d run the numbers right based on the max speed of the Quinjet… well, that meant that her team might be there by now.
of Steve’s pencil on paper as he sketched or intermittent whirring of her bots. There was no peal of delighted giggles as JARVIS patched her into a feed of Peter playing with Thor or groaning of the vents from where Clint was skulking because he was bored and Nat was busy swimming laps or sharpening her knives. There was no random call from Bruce to double check the ionization levels of his current experiment or companionable clanging as Bucky explored the engines of one of her cars while she worked.
“What the fuck is wrong with you?!” he snarled unintelligibly at them, logic and reason obliterated by the sheer terror coursing through his veins, because he had no way of telling what the last few seconds had been like for his girl. Distantly, he recognized that he owed them his life, but Toni was more valuable than that to him and they had just stood by and watched as she was buried underneath debris.
She didn’t think it needed to be said that, if she got more injured, Peter would never know it. Toni Stark knew pain, and she was a recognized expert at hiding it.
Toni, predictably, waved her hand in dismissal, but the flush on her cheeks grew a little more pronounced in a way that made Steve wonder whether she was shown any appreciation for the work she did. Erskine had shown a great deal of admiration and respect to her, but had anyone else?
Whatever kids just sometimes had to do, she never got to find out, because the super-sensitive tech in the suit managed to pick up a faint sound that Toni hated, but couldn’t ever mistake.
On anyone else, the super soldier might have thought that Tony had only been doing those things out of apparent feelings for him, but perhaps the worst thing about it was that Tony continued to do so after his conversation with Rhodes. After he was apparently “over Steve”. He was just that kind of person and just that kind of friend; and the blond had absolutely no clue why that was irking him.
She didn’t realize that was speaking out loud until JARVIS interrupted her with a tentative call of her name. “Shall I contact Captain Rogers?” the AI asked worriedly when Toni failed to respond to him. At any time, the genius might have spared a moment to fondly compliment the AI, but right then, even breathing seemed like a monumental task.
Taking a calming breath of her own, Toni rested her head against his chest. “Bed,” she decided finally, knowing she’d made the right choice when Steve’s arms tightened around her. After all, she could finish the prototype of Peter’s suit (designed solely to protect, and activated by her or Steve’s command only) in the morning. “Let’s go to bed. In a minute.”
Not Tony, Steve wanted to point out childishly, but he held back both impulses and forced a smile as he shook the man’s hand. “Nice to meet you, Cole.” Not. “You an old friend of Tony’s?”
“Long as it goes both ways, soldier boy,” Tony replied breathlessly, rocking into him teasingly as Steve stumbled towards the showers.
Slow as he was being to process, Tony pulled back slightly, a wary look on his face that Steve hated himself for putting there, and vowed to spend a lifetime making sure it wasn’t there again. “Are you… is that… does it change anything?” the brunet asked haltingly. “That I’m not taken? Do you still…”
Bucky clapped his shoulder in greeting, seeming not to care that he was intruding on a conversation, and grinned brightly at the last words he caught. “Talkin’ about Toni?” he asked, and the familiarity in the address made him remember the odd expression of hope that had come over her face when Peggy and Steve had mentioned a rescue operation. It seemed that his best friend was on friendly terms with the resident inventor… or perhaps more than friendly? God knew it never took Bucky very long.
Steve lost his feet, sinking to his seat as the blood drained from his face. Peter… he was just a baby. He’d only started school a few months ago, and it had taken close to two weeks before he’d stopped crying when they’d dropped him off.
Toni didn’t realize she was backing away until a hand suddenly perched against the small of her back. It took everything she had not to flinch instinctively, but when Coulson shifted his arm so that it curled around her waist instead, she knew that he had still felt the tension that had snapped into her body. His stance was suddenly protective, subtly positioned in front of her, and in any other circumstance, Toni would have covered her surprise with mocking about how Agent actually cared about her. As it were, she was simply grateful for the cover, and in an uncharacteristic move, inched closer to the immovable SHIELD agent.
If someone had told an eighteen-year-old James Rhodes that the drunk kid he’d met at a frat party and saved from being roofied was going to become the most important woman in his life next to his Momma and someday, his wife, he would have probably laughed them off and promptly directed them to the closest sanitarium.
Toni stopped in her tracks, blinking slowly as she spotted Steve at the entrance to the foundation’s premises, leaning against his bike and looking for all the world like a concerned boyfriend waiting to pick up his girl. To her trained eyes, however, he looked positively wrecked; his features was taut and there were light bruises underneath his eyes to indicate a sleepless night, much like her own. His hair had the look of someone who’d run their fingers through it countless times and when she’d stopped, his arms had twitched in an aborted motion that Toni knew, would have tugged her into his arms had she not stopped short.
Of course, that self-professed debt didn’t have anything to do with why he’d been so adamant about being involved in this little rescue mission. No, that had more to do with two things; his willingness to follow Stevie into the depths of hell, and his own fierce protectiveness over the girl genius.
“Feel like hooking me up, J?” she asked rhetorically, when she was better composed. Steve’s voice was suddenly the only thing in the world that she wanted to hear, wanted it in her ear almost as much as she wanted out of this ridiculous hole in the earth.
Ah. So it wasn’t his rival after all. That was probably for the best, it wouldn’t do for any competition of his to know just why his boyfriend has a whole team of “bodyguards” willing to kill for him.
would have followed up his date with a quiet night on the roof of the tower, with lit candles and softly playing music so that they could have their first dance underneath the stars.
He was forced to admit, when the sight of Peggy sparked a little disappointment that it wasn’t Toni, that he might not actually loathe the younger Stark after all. The older one, sure, of course, but not her. Not anymore, at least.
Toni started reasonably, while Steve fought not to bristle at the harsh words against his girlfriend,
A rather eccentric coach had considered her the crowning jewel of his team; had gone to great lengths to polish her game until Toni was competing among some of the highest ranked players in the world. The best advice he’d ever given her, and the most memorable, had been the day he’d offered to play a game with her. He’d stopped her from pushing an attack with her bishop, halfway through the game, and told her:
Toni responded with a fleeting brush of her lips against his. “Take me home,” she entreated quietly. “Let’s go home, Steve.”
There was fire and heat and glass shards, which turned into gunfire, and the urge to find Stark intensified. Later, he would reason that it was because Peggy was armed and proven to be a fantastic shot, but in the moment, he simply acted on instinct.
Steve’s eyes fell shut as the words drifted to settle into his heart. He pressed his forehead to hers, no longer stunned at the way this woman seemed to be able to bring him to his knees with little more than a word.
“…and that, little one, is how I managed to make people think that losing my eyebrows when I blew up an experiment accidentally, was actually a fashion statement. I think some people still do it,” Toni added thoughtfully, arranging her features to make it look like she was deeply pondering the possibility, when in reality, she was still running calculations in her head.
It was at the point where he’d realized he was about to be mooned, when he heard a cool voice cut through the crowd.
But that had been before. And like many of the little ways he’d grown since coming to live at the tower, ‘before’ denoted a time when he hadn’t been as close to Toni as he had become since the lab incident. There were so many things that he could attribute to the genius’ influence on him, but this? Forming a sort of peaceful co-existence with the Soldier? That was quite easily the thing he was most thankful to Toni for…
Thankfully, Peter didn’t notice, and before Steve could talk – or start crying, were those tears in his eyes? – the child sent a comically reproachful look up at the super soldier, arms crossed over his chest.
Pinning her arms loosely next to her head, Steve dipped down and began kissing a thorough trail down her neck, stopping just short of her sternum but only for a moment. Only for long enough to pin darkened blue eyes on her and demand roughly, “Is this okay, Toni? Are you okay? Say the word and I’ll stop, darlin’, none of this is happenin’ if you’re feeling anything less than 100 percent.”
They’d had it out for reasons entirely unrelated to the apparent media bashing that Toni had taken, but knowing that didn’t ease any of the regret that Steve felt. But it was over, he reminded himself wearily. In the past. There was no point thinking about it now.
Using her teeth and her left hand, she ripped off her button-up blouse that had once been fitting, tasteful and pearl white, and used it to clumsily wrap her bicep. The white cotton tank top she was wearing underneath, which had somehow also gotten dust and grime on it, would probably have absorbed the blood better, but the thought of raising her arms long enough to get out of it was painful in and of itself.
As he kissed her, he did so knowing that he was with the only woman he ever wanted to kiss for the rest of his entire life.
Her answer was short and cold enough to chill Steve right to his core, spoken to the background noise of her repulsors flaring and her suit’s artillery shifting beneath its panels.
Also, I felt a little bad about the cliffie and didn't want to leave you guys hanging for too long XD Hope everyone enjoys! <3
Swallowing against the lump that lodged in her throat as Rhodey flew away, Toni told herself that he would be okay; she’d certainly taken all the possible precautions to ensure that, when she’d upgraded his armor. Turning her attention to her lover instead, a smile quirked her lips when Toni recognized the satisfied look in his eyes.
Bucky sent him a smug little grin that made Steve feel like he was missing something, but his friend only grinned wider when he scowled. Before he could do or say anything in response, however, his pseudo brother was looping an arm around Toni’s shoulders and pulling her against his side.
The same way he had, Bucky repeated the diagnosis, as if hoping that saying it aloud would make it any less scary and dangerous. “Palladium poisoning, huh?” If the look on his face was any indicator, speaking the words didn’t help Bucky any more than it had helped Steve. “Fuck, Stevie. I was wonderin’ why Iron Man stopped coming on missions as much, but I didn’t think for a second it was somethin’ like this.” Shaking his head, he drained his glass, looking worn and agitated. “Toni, you stupid reckless genius.”
It was suddenly easy to put the pain to the very darkest recesses of her mind, and instead focus on crossing the room to Peter, who looked so wrenchingly small.
Howard blinked, and Toni shrugged slightly. “He only takes orders from people he recognizes as my own.”
That was what was bothering him, Steve was sure of it. The fact that there’d, at some point, been a secret between them.
Bucky was staring at them, wide-eyed and gobsmacked, but Steve didn’t know how he was going to start explaining, so he just… didn’t. Toni could decide how she wanted to handle it.
“Well,” Bucky nodded once at them both, “I’ll let you two get back to your conversation. I have a gorgeous girl genius to find.”
“Good. He’s waiting,” Natasha said unnecessarily, stepping away as Steve wrapped an arm around Toni. The supersoldier was harboring the not-so-discreet fear that she was going to collapse before making it inside; a fear not unfounded, she grudgingly conceded, given her exhaustion and extensive injuries.
But for right then, Toni and Steve held on to each other with the desperation of lovers; they slept restlessly, constantly awaking to reassure each other that things were alright and that they were together and safe and nothing could touch them, here.
Unable to say anything to that, because she didn’t know what to say, nor did she have the ability to speak at all, Toni simply pressed another kiss to his forehead, fighting against the stinging in her eyes. Once he was safely ensconced in the armor, she took her helmet and prepared to leave a recording for Steve.
Warmth and relief in equal measure almost bowled Toni over. She shouldn’t have been surprised; she wasn’t surprised, not really; because of course Steve was going to come for her when he heard.
“Hey, Shellhead,” he greeted with a smile as he sat next to Iron Man. They still hadn’t exchanged names, but remarkably, Steve didn’t feel a need to, anymore. He knew Shellhead the same as he knew his other friends, and the soldier in the armor knew him, and that was enough for him to trust. Surprisingly enough. “That was some fancy flying over there. Will you be able to fly back to base or are you hitching a ride with us?”
Eight years ago, back when his mother had been alive and Tony had been a normal, healthy 19-year-old, designing and building weaponry of this caliber, lethal and ruthless, wouldn’t have made him so much as bat an eyelid. He’d been so young; so starry-eyed and naïve, though at the time it would have been laughable to apply either of those monikers to him. But it was true. He’d been trusting and innocent enough to believe that the weapons he was developing was solely for the use of the US military, and that he was helping to protect the people. Like the company line, protect America and Her interests. Give soldiers a better chance to come home to their families. Achieve peace, someday, even.
There was a lot to be said about the kid’s bravery – and though she wouldn’t realize it until much later, even more to be said about his implicit trust and faith in her – that Maico only hesitated for a brief moment before nodding decisively and climbing back into the armor.
“Darling, you always know just what to say to get me all hot and bothered,” Toni joked, hazel eyes sparking with a glint of challenge. Steve felt himself begin to blush a little at the flirty response, but he could tell that the inventor was only joking around and trying to lighten the air. He hadn’t understood as much at first, but he was starting to realize that there were many more layers to Stark than he’d initially credited her with. “What’s the situation?”
The memory that flashed across her eyes surprised a laugh out of her. It was weak, but fond and amused, and certainly better than her thoughts before that had been. “Are you kidding?” she asked rhetorically, voice teeming with adoration. “How could I forget?”
Sure, he hated the guy and thought he wasn’t nearly good enough for Toni, but he wasn’t heartless, damn.
Lips pressing to the side of her neck was definitely among the top five wakeup calls Toni had ever had.
“By that logic,” she interrupted him, “I’m to blame. I should’ve listened to my own instincts.” On a low sigh, she tugged his hand until he wrapped his arms around her and Peter. Burrowing into his chest, with his arms tightly banded around them, Toni felt like she could breathe for the first time since that terrible phone call. “We have to help him, Steve. We have to be there for him, and we can’t do that if we’re playing the blame game. This was not your fault. I swear.”
And okay, the green light was great, fantastic even, but Toni was way too coherent for Steve’s liking.
Scrubbing a hand viciously over his face, as if that would erase the thought and therefore make it unable to be true, Steve rasped, “We need a plan. We need to regroup, figure out how to get to her and how much time we have to do it in.”
Their heavy breaths intermingled as they stayed like that for a moment, connected as closely as two people could possibly be. When Steve’s lips began to brush her skin; aimlessly over her neck, her shoulder, her collarbone; she responded by threading her fingers through his hair.
Miraculously, the clumsy words were enough to make the genius relax in his arms. Tony even leaned back against him for a few glorious moments, allowing Steve to surreptitiously brush his lips across the nape of his neck in the guise of raising his head.
They had something between them that Steve didn’t have claim to; history. Could he even begin to compete with that?
“I have this theory,” she started, sounding a little hesitant at first, as though she expected Steve to shrug her off in disinterest. He was gratified to see her grow a little bolder when all he did was nod in wordless invitation. “It doesn’t have to matter how big or small a weapon is, if it has the potential ability to deter adversaries by virtue of its own destructive power.” When Steve frowned slightly, about to admit that he didn’t follow, she shook her head slightly, clearly looking for a different way to phrase it. “My dad,” she started again, and Steve didn’t miss the unconscious flash in her eyes at the mention of Howard, “he always says that peace means having a bigger stick than the other guy. It’s no surprise to anyone, but I disagree. I think that peace means having a wood chipper, not just another stick. It means having something that deters people from engaging in war altogether, because it doesn’t matter how much weaponry we have, or how big our weaponry is, what matters is that we have the ability to
Though the little boy’s Spanish was slow and juvenile enough for Steve to understand, his mother’s ensuing words to the reporter were too fast and sophisticated for him to keep up with, having not practiced enough to be fluent like Toni. “What’s she saying, JARVIS?” he asked the AI quietly, and almost immediately, JARVIS began to translate the woman’s words in his earpiece.
Next in their developing home had been Clint, looking battered and lost, and like Steve, he hadn’t needed to say a word of explanation before Toni was welcoming him and explaining how his floor had the necessary vantage points and limited exposure to make him feel more secure in his environment. The archer had stopped Toni mid-explanation with a bone crushing hug, the most emotion either of them had seen out of him, and a weary mumble of thanks. None of them had asked what horrible thing had brought Clint to the tower that day, looking as wrecked as he had, and none of them ever would.
Inexplicably, Steve knew the soldier was smiling behind the helmet. “You know how I love the skies, Winghead,” he replied easily, somehow managing to lounge back as he sat on the tree stump he’d claimed as his chair. “’Sides, this baby’s got some mileage on her yet.”
As Slime-Man grabbed a handful of Steve’s hair and yanked his head back, Tony became sure he could deal with a smidgen more guilt.
it was because he was bored, but secretly, Peter knew that his Uncle Loki was missing Mommy same as he was, and they both agreed that she was gone away for too long.
It was only after meeting Toni that she realized she wasn’t the only person in the world who didn’t fully know how to deal with love.
Steve wanted to snap out an order, wanted to do whatever he could to force Tony back into the protective confines of his suit, but he knew all too well that any sudden movements could kill him and Tony just as easily as whatever harebrained idea the genius had cooked up in the past thirty seconds. If Steve just shut up and stayed still… well, at least one of them would have a chance.
The super soldier geared himself up for an apology, but then… “Why did you get out of the suit?” The words, though not at all what he’d intended to say, were at least spoken with soft curiosity instead of hard accusation.
Not even when he’d had his world shattered by the confirmation that Tony had felt the same, had Steve realized that he’d been in love all along.
As for trying at the things that he didn’t care about before; well, that encompassed just about everything, didn’t it? For the longest time, Steve had had trouble putting his energy and passion into anything because of how heart-wrenching it had been to lose all those years. To move on from friends and loved ones already passed, knowing that they’d mourned him long decades ago. The weight of that grief and guilt had been like a living thing, sucking the soul out of him one dreary hour at a time. But then Tony had blasted into his life like a meteor and nothing was as dull anymore, and gradually, Steve found himself caring about the little things again. Trying again. Living again. It had given him a life, again.
Apparently, her decision was as simple as engaging the manual releases she’d installed and removing her helmet.
Toni raised a hand. Tangled it in his hair. “I love you,” she murmured back; not a reply, but a statement of fact on its own. Because Steve, to her thinking, deserved more than a knee-jerk response.
He snapped his face up to glare at Bucky. “How was I supposed to notice?” he challenged, sounding more sulky than argumentative. “He’s my best friend, just as much as you are.”
“Ten-four, Captain,” she replied with a smile that she knew he would hear in her voice. Predictably, a tiny huff of laughter was her reward, and though it was only superficial, Toni still counted it as a win. “I love you.”
There was a pause, long and heavy, and the supersoldier was slammed with the ominous feeling that a decision was being made as he stood there. A decision that he couldn’t influence, that he had no say in, and yet one that he knew was going to have an effect on his love.
enough – to make a move on her son. To do so, would be to court pain and suffering and ultimate death, and Toni had to believe that she’d made that abundantly clear to the world.
He could be patient with Toni, though. It was only a matter of time before she realized that she was every bit the mother she claimed not to be.
Back at the beginning, when he’d first clawed his way through the Winter Soldier programming, something requiring this kind of laser-focus would have put him on edge. For all that he had Stevie’s constant bolstering and Toni’s unshakeable faith, it had still been incredibly difficult for him to trust in himself, and trust that he had the Soldier under control.
By the time they got to the communal kitchen – wordlessly taking the stairs to avoid the possibility of running into Howard – they could hear the chatter of some of the other Avengers. Clint was loudly bemoaning the lack of sugar cookies, presumably to Natasha since Bruce had been holed up in his lab with sensitive experiments all week and Thor had been with Jane for the past three days, and in turn, the Russian was muttering under her breath at him, something Steve was sure wasn’t flattering.
For the first time, a smile flickered across Clint’s face. Hadn’t he said that she was his lifeline and savior and angel?
“Hey, honey,” she tutted gently, forehead creasing in empathy as Maico only reached out for her. Biting back the pain in her arm, she pulled him on to her lap, allowing him to curl himself into as small a ball as he could manage so as to cling to her. Wrapping both arms around him, she rocked them gently from side to side, the way she did when Peter had one of his more vivid nightmares and refused to so much as look at anyone else, or even entertain the notion of letting Toni out of his sight. This was familiar to her, at least, and it didn’t rankle as much as she thought it might, that her powers were limited to being motherly at a time when she thought she should have figured a way out by then. “You’re alright, sweetheart, I’m sorry I had to do that, okay? I’m so sorry.”
smile, that one that was soft and affectionate and a tiny bit awed, and usually reserved just for him and the team and, more recently, Peter. But mostly him and Peter.
“Hiya, Winghead!” the robotic voice greeted him, making Steve grin in disbelief. Was this thing actually being piloted by someone remotely? A soldier who’d seen his helmet getup? “How was the flight?”
Peter, cheerful and recovered from the day’s events after a good night’s rest, had been keen to spend time with Bruce this morning, who had finally resurfaced from whatever experiment he had going on in his lab. She’d made the impulsive decision after her schedule had cleared, to visit the foundation that she’d started in her mother’s name, and after she’d explained to her fellow scientist where she was going, Bruce was all too happy to take on babysitting duties for the day. In the interests of not having Peter spill the beans, and inadvertently trigger a Code Hulk, she made herself explain all the excitement that Bruce had missed from the day before. One look at her casted wrist and the now-purple bruise around her arm had made him a little green around the edges, but thankfully, Bruce had kept it together and assured her that he would look after Pete.
do that to my kid, he would never hurt anyone but me, and when I took Peter, I told myself that it was okay, because he was dead and he couldn’t do anything to destroy this, but he came here too, and Steve, he’s always going to be there. Oh, God,” she stopped her diatribe long enough to suck in a horrified breath that didn’t help her choppy breathing in the least. “He’s
For some reason, his words made her flinch slightly and avert her eyes. “Right…” she said slowly. “The um. The soldier.” Steve waited expectantly, but got the distinct impression that Toni was struggling internally with something. Before he could say anything to it, she was standing up and moving towards her desk, hands gesturing haphazardly as she began to ramble. “The soldier… well, see, isn’t exactly a soldier, per se… not in the general sense of the word. Or, you know, any sense of the word, really. In fact, sending them in the armor went a little beyond the bounds of unsanctioned, and may have even dabbled a little in the vicinity of entirely fucking insane. Depending on who you ask. My personal opinion is that it was totally kosher, but I’ve been told that I’m not always the best judge of what constitutes sanity. Which, I’ll have you know, is completely ridiculous, there was this one time…”
Old defenses settled over her skin like a pair of comfy sweats. In a way, it was comforting; a reminder that she’d been alone in situations like this before and could be, again, and still survive against all expectation. That was what she did. She beat the odds. It was built into her programming the same way that messing up was apparently coded into DUM-E.
“Captain America needs no introduction,” the guy – Ryan – smiled amicably enough, offering a hand that Steve really didn’t want to take, unsure as he was that he wouldn’t crush a tiny bone or two. By mistake, obviously. He was really strong. Stronger than this guy, anyway. “Ryan Coleman, but everyone calls me Cole.”
Clenching his jaw, Bucky refused to entertain any other outcome besides getting the genius out safe and bringing her back home.
There was Toni, but missing that vital and fundamental part of her that made her Toni. And it made Steve sick with misery.
Because Barnes still looked a little lost, Jim helpfully translated. “The structure is too unstable to blast or pound our way through to her, but if we remove rubble from the top, carefully, it won’t dislodge other debris and cause a secondary collapse,” he explained, and the soldier nodded once at him in wordless thanks. To Toni, he felt compelled to point out, “The process will be a slow one. You and the kid got enough oxygen to last?”
“When you get better, I’m going to kill you,” Nat informed her coolly, arms crossed over her chest as she stopped in front of Toni. There was a time when the genius might have believed that, and possibly gotten her back up about it, but even super spies had their tells. Nat’s was the way her jaw ticked after she clenched it from worry.
He swallowed painfully, tucking her face into his throat and kissing the top of her head with unfathomable gentleness. “I know, Toni, I know. But it’s okay now, I promise. I’m not gonna let anything hurt you anymore,” he vowed roughly, squeezing his eyes shut and praying that he wouldn’t have to break that promise anymore.
this wasn’t the first time that Toni had pointed out that obscure grammatical error, and he knew very well that he was using it wrong now. It was common knowledge that the pair frequently pretended to bicker, in a vaguely sibling-esque manner, but this was probably the first time that Steve blatantly saw Rhodes being the one to rock the ship.
“You know, if you stitched me up while you were complaining, we could have been done here, already.”
“You make the good things become great and the bad things seem not so terrible anymore, Steve,” Tony murmured, and maybe it wasn’t explicitly those words, but Steve heard them loud and clear anyway, filling his heart with indescribable happiness.
“Put the fear of Captain America in them?” she teased as he got closer, moving her arm slightly to test the stitches. They held admirably, but hurt like a sonofabitch, as she’d known they would.
But her eyes were pinned only on the one who’d yet to move. The one who, she’d seen in the traffic cam footage, had been the one to backhand and throw a sobbing little boy who made up one of the biggest parts of her whole world, into the back of a car.
have known, and that was the truth. Not only because she hadn’t fought with him a word in her own defense, but because he should have believed that the woman he loved would have never acted that way in front of Peter without a damn good reason.
Bending back the railing away from itself, Steve took a few deep breaths, doubting that he could make the impossible distance but knowing that either way, success or death, would save Bucky’s life.
Gently steadying him so he could stand, she hushed him one more time before turning to face her father. As calm as she’d ever been, Toni closed the distance between them, curled the fingers of her right hand into a fist, and smashed that fist into Howard’s face.
Regrettably, the former-soldier tended to prioritize Tony’s health over everything else, and the inventor was forced to accept the consolation prize of lazy kissing and the occasional brush of light, apologetic fingers over cuts and bruises.
“He was probably about to, after I just greeted him,” Tony pointed out reasonably. “Only now you’ve gone and interrupted. I hope you’re pleased with yourself.”
He managed a faint smile at the reminder of the promise he’d made Peter before leaving. After making the decision about who to take with him on a rescue mission for the love of his life, leaving Peter was the next hardest part. The child had clung to him, even without knowing what was going on. Eventually, it had taken some semblance of an explanation for Peter to let him leave, and even though the only thing that Steve had said was that he needed to go get Mommy back, the little boy seemed to understand that something had gone wrong. Not a difficult conclusion to come to, since he’d basically seen Steve melt down at the phone call, but still, the super soldier wished he could have spared Peter ever knowing.
He’d been relieved to see Toni the next morning, working on a prototype of what looked awfully like a shield to him and seeming cured from whatever she’d come down with the night before. He’d even managed to earn one of those bright, beautiful grins when Steve rebuffed all of what Howard was trying to sell him on and instead claimed the shield that Toni was working on for his own.
Rerouting some of the suit’s backup power and manipulating the circuitry that connected her interface to her AI in order to make it run on a patchworked wire connection, without those wires frying? Piece of cake.
Telegraphing his motions carefully, Steve took her shoulders in gentle hands. “Yes, you are, darling,” he told her softly, braced for the flash of wild temper in whiskey coloured eyes and waylaying it with a press of his lips to her forehead. “You have to find Peter. You need to get him. Let me handle this while you find our son.” It seemed like a lot, asking her to trust him one more time, but Toni didn’t seem to think so. Her eyes lost some of its distance; her countenance, some of its ice.
The pet names made Tony’s chest glow with warmth, and he tried fruitlessly to convince Steve that he didn’t have to wait to take him hard, by drawing his boyfriend into a filthy kiss.
, in a manner of speaking, and also inform you that you are the sole beneficiary of his assets and wealth. He has made certain to put provisions in place that assure you will be taken care of for the rest of your natural life.”
“Of course not, Steve, how could you even ask me that?” she whispered back, freeing one of her hands to take his. Honestly, she’d been a little apprehensive that Steve would blame her; or at the very least, turn away from the darkness that he now knew she was capable of. Her own fears were assuaged as he gripped her hand right back.
Toni leaned against him, fatigue edging out her reserves. “Bruce is getting something, I think,” she answered noncommittedly, scanning the crowds from the relative safety of the gurney she was sat upon, strategically positioned so that the people and the cameras couldn’t get a clear sight of her. She didn’t want Peter, or Nat, Clint and Thor to see her on TV, looking far worse than she actually was, and worry unnecessarily.
“He’s not going to see me come back after leaving him alone for the first time, looking like road kill,” Toni stated firmly, an edge to her voice that promised a vicious and enduring argument if anyone dared to get in her way.
About JARVIS, but also about the rapidly depleting oxygen in the air bubble they’d managed to get caught in.
Most of his adult life had been centered on the next mission. Nothing much had mattered to him outside of the job that had finally given him some meaning and purpose, and he hadn’t looked forward unless it was at a new target. His adolescence had comprised of the aimless wanderings of a lost soul who had no hope of finding something to lend substance to its existence, and his childhood was a landmine that he wouldn’t step close to on threat of death.
Her heart squeezed at the words, and before she could think better of it, she rasped out. “You already have.”
Pushing it away when Peggy asked how he was feeling, he forced his head up, finding himself making a quick scan of his surroundings despite himself, to try and spot Toni before answering. “Taller,” he summarized glibly, waiting expectantly for the huff of laughter or sarcastic comment that he realized a second too late, he’d been counting on hearing from the inventor. He didn’t get either.
Was this karma for all the times that she’d hooked and booked with guys specifically chosen to piss Howard off? It had to be.
It hit him all over again; the astounding bravery that he’d marveled over so many times, for the soldier in the suit who had followed him into the heart of the fire on nothing more than his word and a desire to fight the good fight? It amplified tenfold when he realized that Toni had been the one at his side, and done so at the risk of her own health.
It wasn’t like things had fallen seamlessly into place after her terrifying little epiphany. In fact, it was quite the opposite, although Toni maintained that it was as much Steve’s fault as it was her own. For roughly ten weeks after that morning, they’d danced around each other, Toni spending more and more hours in the workshop to avoid spending too much time with him, and Steve retaliating by making sure that they barely even crossed paths with each in the tower.
“I want to help,” he stated definitively. “Steve’s gonna kick all our asses for letting you go anyway, might as well screw all the instructions to hell.”
He was mere seconds away from pinning her to the door and having his way with her right there, but Steve had just enough presence of mind to know that he wanted more than that with her for their first time. The door thing, sure, that needed to happen someday, but for tonight… tonight he wanted nothing more than to take her apart piece by piece against soft sheets and pillows, before making love to her.
she told herself grimly, gritting her teeth and blinking hard, determined to finagle her mind into some semblance of a working order.
In a smooth motion, he was across the threshold and kicking the door closed as he gathered Toni close to his chest and kissed her long and deep. She melted into his arms, surrendering to the kiss in a way that never failed to thrill him, because here was this strong, independent, feisty woman and she was giving him the amazing gift of yielding to him. It was positively
It wasn’t recognition of who she was that had stopped him in his tracks; it was recognition of the way she almost imperceptibly flinched as soon as he rounded on her.
Without conscious thought to the action, he knelt at the scientist’s other side. Toni didn’t even acknowledge him, instead continuing to try to put pressure on the wound despite knowing, as she had to, that it was a pointless endeavour.
Toni knew that she was rocking Peter, rocking them both, back and forth as she ran hands over Peter’s hair and face, as if to make sure that he was okay, as if he’d been the one in danger. She knew that a soft stream of Italian was slipping from her tongue that neither of her boys would have a hope of understanding; a sign of agitation that had rarely surfaced since she’d mastered self-control. She even knew that Steve was a solid presence next to her, occasionally running his hand down Peter’s back and keeping an arm wrapped around her despite the awkward position. What she didn’t know was that she was crying; tears flowing like rivulets down her cheek; until Steve’s achingly gentle fingers brushed them away, drawing her attention to it.
Gratitude and overwhelming love threatened to rob her of any semblance of composure that she was desperately clinging on to. Before it could strike, Peter hiccupped, the words falling from his mouth still muffled as he refused to lift his face from her neck, but changing from the constant stream of ‘Mommy’, which had been the only word forthcoming from the little boy.
Her face was smudged with dirt and blood, and usually bright amber eyes were now murky brown with a mixture of pain, disorientation, and probably a bone-deep fatigue. Steve knew that there were injuries he couldn’t quite see from his vantage point, and there was probably going to be a whole lot of comforting to be done on many counts, but she was
Lies. All of it, blatant lies, and Rhodey knew it as well as she did, but there was something to be said about keeping to traditions between them.
“That’s your job,” Steve replied cheekily, feeling his spirits rise by the second. Not with the promise of ice-cream, but with the simple pleasure of spending time with Tony. Because maybe he was over Steve, but Tony was still his, really. His best friend, he meant. Of course.
“Get out.” The words were spoken low and even, with no inflection at all, and Steve winced. He would have much preferred her cussing him out, screaming at him, maybe even throwing something, but this? This, he knew, Toni so controlled and cold and seemingly devoid of any emotion, this was the worst he had ever fucked up. This was the worst he’d ever hurt her, and to his chagrin, he’d managed to hurt her more than once in the past.
What did it say about Steve, exactly, that he would have taken those insults with a smile if Tony had actually spoken them to him?
He tried valiantly, but Steve didn’t think he managed to keep the pout off his face. “Some R&D emergency in the Argentinian branch of SI that apparently needed her presence. She’s only coming back in a couple days,” he lamented on a sigh. After a beat of consideration, the super soldier added, “She’s mine alone for at least 36 hours straight when she gets back, so whatever you’re thinking about, have it wait an extra day and a half.” The warning wasn’t altogether a joke; Steve fully intended on monopolizing his girlfriend before everyone else when she came back; but since they had Peter to worry about, he supposed he had to shorten that time frame significantly. But only for their son.
“Any news?” his brother asked without fanfare or preamble, and that in itself told a story about how attached Loki might have grown to Toni since his attempted invasion of New York.
Tony told him that once, when Steve had asked what Howard’s greatest lesson to his son had been. It hadn’t rung quite right, spoken in a hollow tone that hid too much and said too little, and now, Steve wondered whether he should have heard what Tony hadn’t said.
As if he’d been waiting for Steve to leave before coming over, Rhodey suddenly came into her line of sight. Toni wasn’t naïve enough to believe that it was a coincidence; she’d actually caught on relatively quickly to the tension that simmered between her lover and her pseudo brother; but it was mildly exasperating to have proof that it was still going on. Honestly, she couldn’t pretend to be oblivious to it that much longer… or, well, she could, but it would solve precisely no one’s problems.
Later, much later, after his chat with the beautiful and amazing Peggy Carter and after the heart-stopping realization that Bucky was MIA, he found himself in front of that very tent.
Wisely, she angled her sling-supported arm in front of her, almost wishing that Bruce hadn’t bandaged and braced it before they’d arrived. If anything, the mottled mess might have thrown Natasha off long enough for Toni to make a break for it.
“She’s disarmed four of the six active missiles,” he reported succinctly, his own voice tight with apprehension. His only indicator that Toni was still alive, still moving, still alright, was the missiles slowly going dark on his screen. And it was a sporadic indicator at best. “She’s got another two minutes, eighteen seconds to disarm the rest.”
At the dorm room, he’d tossed her, albeit gently, on to his couch and was about to lace into her about how irresponsible it was to sneak off to college parties and drink and carry on with guys like that, when he got a proper look at her.
Comprehension dawned on her lover’s face, but indecision made him torn. “What happens when he launches himself at you, and he hurts you by mistake?” he demanded, even as he carefully draped the jacket over her and tried to maneuver the sleeves. “Wouldn’t that traumatize him even more?”
Knuckling his eyes, he squinted up at his Uncle Loki, bottom lip wobbling for having been woken up. “Wassa matter, Uncle Loki?” he asked tremulously, his brain still feeling a little fuzzy because it was still dark out and the last time he woke up during the dark time, it was because Mommy had to go away for work and was saying bye…
An almost hysterical laugh bubbled up in her throat; who would have thought that the first person to stand up to her father for her, would be a goddamn four year old?
Rolling his eyes good-naturedly to mask the second pulse of inexplicable irritation, Steve shook his head. “I’ll join you,” he said lightly, aiming a smile at Peggy and ignoring Bucky’s sharp look. “I have to thank her. And thank you again, Peggy.”
It worked; to an extent. Toni’s voice came over clear once more, but there was a flat darkness to it that made Steve’s heart lurch in his chest. It didn’t sound like her; it wasn’t her. Not
such situation wherein his death or imminent death is guaranteed, to inform you of the nature of his
A measure of earnestness slipped into her voice, and Rhodes wondered whether she was trying to convince them, or herself.
when he called her that. Toni used to love her name, until Howard had managed to turn it into something foul-sounding. Something mocking.
Pissed as he may have been, Rhodes wasn’t about to leave the obviously stoned girl with those sleazebags.
“M’fine,” she mumbled blearily, unconsciously curling closer to the warmth of his chest. Before he could call bullshit on that, she waved a haphazard hand towards the satchel that Steve knew held her designs and some tools. “Jus’… need the lithium… lithium dioxide. Silver tube,” she added helpfully, when Steve’s expression morphed into something flustered and slightly panicked.
It was amusing, now, to think of how dismissive he’d been of Stark upon their first meeting. It was only after she’d come after him, and damn near bested him in combat to boot, that he’d realized what a worthy comrade-in-arms he’d come across.
Steve’s voice held a reprimand and an anger that she hadn’t heard since their first Avengers mission, when they’d clashed so horribly upon first meeting. Suddenly, he was there, yanking her away from her father, albeit gently, and aiming a look at her that was so rife with disappointment and anger that it physically hurt her. “What the hell do you think you’re doing?” he snapped, moving to stand protectively in front of Howard, and if she thought she hurt before, her chest was completely crushing in on itself now. No matter that, logically, she knew Steve had walked in at the worst possible time.
After Clint came Natasha, and Steve hadn’t even realized she’d gotten there until the morning that she’d breezed into the communal kitchen and grabbed an apple, sitting at the counter and eating it without anything more than an amicable greeting. He guessed she might have come in during the night or something, because Toni and Clint had appeared completely unfazed with the Widow’s sudden appearance, but the Captain had made peace with the fact that he would never know.
Through sheer force of will, he kept from smashing the little device, instead forcing himself to take deep breaths lest he start hyperventilating again. A small part of him couldn’t help wishing for Toni, desperate in a way that only a lover could be, and he knew he would have given just about anything in the world if he could just get to her, quick and easy. Or better yet, have it not happen at all.
This time, though, Steve was as shocked as Bucky to find his fingers clamped around his friend’s wrist in an unforgiving grip as he outright growled, “She’s not just some dame that you can fuck and duck out on, Bucky.” He didn’t know who was more surprised at the cuss word he rarely used with such viciousness, but Steve didn’t waste any time thinking on it. “She’s worth way more than that, so why don’t you just fool around somewhere else and leave Toni out of it?”
Tony did the best he could to shield his head and keep from crying out, and it was all he could do until an eternity later when a sharp command had the lackeys stepping away from his abused body. Tony did a quick inventory of himself, cataloguing some cracked, possibly broken ribs, deep bruising and what may or may not have been a fractured wrist. His arc was fine, if extremely sore and heavy in his chest from the assault, but most importantly, the watch on his wrist was completely safe from damage.
Tony had arrived at Carbonell Tech right on time, and their initial (and sickeningly thorough) search had lost him the dagger and one of his butterfly knives. In a stroke of genius, he’d secured the gun in a false sole under his boot, and taped the other knife to the edge of his arc reactor, correctly thinking that they wouldn’t be interested in touching the little blue disk, assuming as many before them had that it was a glorified pace maker. That in itself lent a little more weight to the theory that these people weren’t doing this for his tech; or at least, not primarily.
Steve was reading when he heard the sounds of quiet shuffling emanating from the room down the hall, which Toni had converted into Peter’s. He shut his book and ambled off the bed, curious as to where his girlfriend and the adorable little boy had been the whole day.
Feeling a beat of sympathy for him – because the reality was rarely preferable to the illusion – she only nodded wearily. “I appreciate that.”
His fingers itched to use Tony’s gift, to capture the face he loved so much on canvas, in charcoal, in paint, in pencil, in anything and everything.
But apparently, Carbonell Tech was making as many waves in its short five-year lifespan as SI made in the past five decades. In any other circumstance, it might have even crossed Tony’s mind to be proud of the strides he’d been making in the empire that next to nobody had believed he could create.
She rolled her eyes, looking haughty, but before Steve could write the gesture off as another time that she was being a spoilt brat, she surprised him by grabbing the older man’s elbow. “No more tests, Colonel Cynical,” she shot back, sounding light on the surface if one were to overlook the hardness in her eyes. “I understand your dubiousness and appreciate your support, but Rogers has nothing to prove. Not to you, certainly not to me, not to anyone on this base.”
Burying his face helplessly in Tony’s neck, he mumbled, “Sorry. I’m sorry. I’m not saying this right. I don’t know how to say it right.”
“Why are you here?” Steve interjected wearily, cutting off Tony’s concerned words. He knew that he had no right whatsoever to be angry or jealous or upset – Bucky had been all too quick to point that out to him a week ago – but he just couldn’t help it. Tony was
Steve let out a strangled sound at her words, but Toni was too wrapped up in the anguished thoughts that it might perhaps be better for Peter to live with a normal, loving family. One that wasn’t contaminated with Stark blood.
Later – after debriefing was done and promises had been made about filing mission reports on time – Steve trudged up to the roof of the tower. It was a post-mission ritual he and Tony had, whenever they won and none of the team had ended up in medical; they hung out on the roof and relished another battle fought and won, talking about anything and everything just for the comfort of company.
With slow movements, Toni slipped soundlessly off the bed and out of the sectioned off medical area. She could keep herself awake; had done it most of her life, anyway; and the more important thing at that moment, was letting Bruce and Steve get some sleep.
With one last frosty glare of his own, Tony turned on his heel and left. To Steve’s credit, he didn’t follow him, and Tony was only partially true to his word as he hitched a ride with Barton and Romanoff, striking up an easy friendship with the man as they chatted on the way.
“Finally!” Uncle Loki was complaining, making Peter giggle slightly as he rolled his eyes and threw up his hands like Mommy sometimes did when she was yelling at Dummy. Peter was smart, though, and he saw how Mommy always patted Dummy on the head after, so he figured that the yelling was just a show of love. Uncle Loki definitely loved him, Mommy said so, even when Uncle Loki huffed and puffed like the wolf from the story. “To what end does waking you up at an ungodly hour and praying that my brother doesn’t strike me down for it, help your mother return home any faster?”
“She’s alive! But, oh, it seems the Iron Woman, Miss Toni Stark, has once again put her own interests above that of another’s,” was the clearest and closest voice Steve heard. “What else are we to expect from a woman who parades around acting like a defender, as if the entirety of her life before the creation of the Iron Woman suit wasn’t spent profiteering from death and destruction? A purported Avenger though she may be, today we see the truth as a young boy’s life is tragically lost thanks to the self-absorbed machinations of the one we call a superhero.”
Ever since legally assuming guardianship of him, Toni had altered little things in little ways, so that they were invisible if not specifically searched for. Like the constant supply of fresh fruits and vegetables next to the rest of the groceries she had people stock for the Avengers Tower. Like the break she took every morning and evening no matter what she was working on, to greet Peter every morning and wish him goodnight. Like the way she never activated the soundproofing on the lab anymore, or how a picture of Steve, Toni and Peter, had somehow ended up in a frame on her desk in the workshop.
That weariness mellowed out when Peter clambered up on to his lap and snuggled into his chest, making the blond smile softly.
They moved as a unit, following the sounds of screaming and begging. Before they could enter the room it was originating from, the doorway was filled with red and gold; Toni.
It was a joke that Steve would likely not appreciate, and Toni made a note to herself not to bring it up to the super soldier as she secured herself on another ledge. For all the things in her past that Steve had had little to no trouble accepting, Howard Stark’s abuse had been the one thing to really trigger him.
So he was all too familiar with the harsh jerk of bitter disappointment that came with finding out that a potential lead to getting Toni back, turned out to be hollow. Granted, his experiences had been more involved with kidnappings, lab accidents, abusive exes and the like, but that gut-punch? That was the same all around, and Rogers was still new enough to the party to get a lot of them.
By all accounts, there should have been at least a little bit of wariness between Bucky and Toni, especially since the Winter Soldier programming had been so difficult for the former to throw off. More than that, after the fall of SHIELD, Toni had discovered that the Winter Soldier was responsible for her parents’ deaths. There was no reason for them to get along, and Steve had braced himself for a tug-of-war between his past with his best friend, and his present and future with the love of his life. Against all odds, however, Toni (who had trust issues stacked higher than the Avengers tower) had taken one look at a skittish and apprehensive Bucky, and welcomed him with open arms and easy acceptance. Much later, she had admitted to Steve that, looking at Bucky, it had become obvious to her that there was nothing she could do or say that would punish him more than he was punishing himself, even though it was something he hadn’t even had control over, and she’d wanted to make it easier instead of harder for him. It was, in retrospect, not unlike how Toni had befriended Bruce, by not judging the scientist based on a part of himself that he couldn’t control, but the real surprise had been how Bucky had responded.
And then for the rest of the night, after she’d fallen asleep and unconsciously curled into his warmth like a kitten starved for affection, he’d gotten the rundown on Toni. Just Toni.
“God, Steve, please…” Tony mumbled mindlessly, head falling back to rest on Steve’s shoulder as the super soldier busied himself sucking another mark into the inventor’s skin. “I… I need…”
something in you, Steve, he saw more than you ever have! He would have wanted so much more for you than this. He expected more to come from you than parading you around in a fucking Halloween costume like the serum was only good for turning you into America’s boy toy!”
A beat of unease pulsed through her. There was no hesitation in the way he called her ‘Mommy’, not like the uncertain stutter that always preceded him calling her ‘Toni’. It was obvious that Peter was more comfortable with the former address, which could have been why Steve was going along with it instead of heeding her wishes like the considerate boyfriend he usually was, but it scared Toni on a deeper level that she cared to admit. There was a certain amount of trust and honor in that title that she knew she didn’t deserve and couldn’t live up to. How would she ever forgive herself for letting Peter use it, when he was only going to get hurt later on when he realized that she was so unworthy of it?
They respectfully stepped aside from the weeping mother and son and begun their examination of the battered remains of the armor. It had been far more damaged than his initial assessment; from the exposed mass of wires near the helmet, it was obvious that Toni had had to scavenge it to make it meet her needs down there; and Steve didn’t need to be a tech genius to know that the suit was useless to them right now. Even if they could use the override for JARVIS to pilot it, it simply wasn’t roadworthy, to use one of Toni’s popular metaphors.
There was nothing worse to him than being helpless. If a shrink ever managed to pin him down long enough to psychoanalyze him, they’d probably attribute that to a childhood spent being perpetually powerless to break out of the cycle of hurt and abuse that he’d suffered, and the fact that the vilest of that pain had come from being unable to do anything but watch as his brother had suffered even worse. To Clint, it didn’t matter how and why he felt it so keenly, because it didn’t change the fundamental fact that someone he loved was hurting and he couldn’t make it better.
Swallowing hard, he yelled. “Just go! Get outta here!” Even as he spoke the words, he knew that Bucky would never leave him behind, but he’d hoped. He didn’t want his friend to die with him… so there was only one option left.
,” she whispered, the Italian weaving whimsically through her voice, turning it musical. She smiled, something soft and beautiful flickering on her face. “You’re my heart and my soul and my life, Steve Rogers.”
“Maico, huh?” she repeated, scanning through the recesses of her expansive knowledge and memory. “That means ‘one with strength’, right?” she asked, forcing a smile over her features when he peeked up at her.
Tony grinned at the kid, but Steve spotted the mix of emotions swirling in his eyes. “Call me Tony, kid.”
Toni managed a laugh at the deadpanned response, deciding that she liked Coulson a lot more than she was willing to admit. They walked to the elevator in comfortable silence and she tried to focus on the consolation that she was going to visit SHIELD’s R&D department. It wasn’t as nice as the one at Stark Industries, and it wasn’t nearly as impressive as her own workshop, but given a choice between tech and Howard Stark? Toni had been choosing the former on a consistent basis for the past thirty years.
A piece of a beam, previously held in place with rubble, had tumbled into their space and pierced through her bicep. Thankfully, the rest of it was being held in place by large chunk of cement, so it hadn’t gone all the way through, but the impact had hit with enough force to break through her skin in a deep gouge, if the thick, red blood sluggishly slicking down her arm was enough to go by. And the pain. Sweet lord, the pain.
“Your kid is right there,” Bucky pointed out, throwing himself carelessly into the armchair near where Steve was lounging. “Should you really be thinking about your dame when you’re on babysittin’ duty, punk?”
It was enough, for Bucky, to realize that the woman was offering him a home, a family, a place in this world, rather than condemning him for a past that he’d had no control over. In fact, it also furthered his therapy in leaps and bounds, because if Toni could forgive him then Bucky thought it wouldn’t be the most unrealistic thing to learn to forgive himself.
It took a great deal more effort than Steve anticipated it would, to force the question from numb lips.
Someone tapped his shoulder and Steve exhaled shakily. “Hold on, darling,” he instructed her, voice thick. “I’m coming down to get you, okay? I’m comin’, doll.” It took a Herculean effort to drag his eyes away from her, but the blond managed the feat, eyes fixing instead on the delicate structure around and beneath him as people strapped him up to the harness.
Her miniature ramble cut off abruptly with Steve slamming his lips against hers. He couldn’t help himself; while his intention had been purely to check on his girlfriend before retiring to sleep, his plan was shot to hell the moment she sent him that smile, looking so beautiful and incredible and being alright after what she’d done, after what she’d put herself through today… he was hit all at once with how amazing of a woman he’d somehow been gifted with. The idea of not having her right that moment, not being smart enough to claim and hold on to her with both hands gripping tight, was completely unacceptable to him. His vision was filled with her and his mind, consumed, and there was no way he was going to be able to go another moment without having everything with her.
Since he hadn’t directed the question at anyone in particular, the AI answered. “My sensors are unable to detect a telecommunication signal from the iteration of the suit currently occupied by Miss Stark,” he answered promptly, but not without a phantom heaviness to the words. It didn’t surprise Steve when he heard the telltale sounds of Bruce’s breathing techniques and the low cussing from Bucky.
Steve laughed, the sound bordering on hysterical as he gripped to whatever of the armor he could. “No problem, Shellhead,” he replied, realizing abruptly that he didn’t even know the soldier’s name. Before he could ask, they were dipping back down to pick up Bucky, and his best friend whooped with undisguised glee.
Had been ever since he was a scrawny little guy from Brooklyn, enlisted in the army and trying to cover a grenade with nothing but his own body while an idiotic, reckless genius who shared his trait of never knowing when to give up, didn’t stop running towards him and trying to figure out a way to save them both.
for grade school; or whatever it was they taught normal kids doing normal things with normal lives. It had been her singular, most important lesson; the one that she had learned first, the one they had kept repeating, and the one that she’d been meant to carry for the rest of her natural life.
She didn’t stuff her pillows with money from war profiteering, she didn’t don her suit with the intention of seeking out adulation, and she sure as hell didn’t adopt her son for the sole purpose of keeping up with trends.
“No,” Rhodes shook his head impatiently, as if his meaning should have been obvious. Maybe it would have been, to Toni, but Steve didn’t haves a Rhodes-reader installed in his brain. “I mean, back at the beginning. After the Battle of New York, and the nuke.” At his nonplussed expression, the military man narrowed his eyes and elaborated. “Toni was taking hits from the media and the WSC and then the shareholders on top of it all, for weeks after that battle. Through the entire thing, she stood alone, and she took every lash for every member of the team. Seemed to me, at the time, that you were only the face of the Avengers when it was someone singing praises.”
Warmed by the memory, it was a little easier for Toni to stop thinking about all the ways in which everything could go wrong, and just focus on trying to get back home. To get back to her family, which had grown since then but was no less precious to her.
That was the furthest thing from the truth, because Toni Stark was a million times the person Howard could have ever hoped of being, and Steve would have gone to his grave swearing on that even before yesterday.
He peppered kisses over her face until Toni was sure that he hadn’t missed a single spot, before fusing their lips together and kissing her deeply. “You’re safe,” he repeated roughly, the words rubbing his lips over hers again, seeing as he refused to move any further. “You’re home. I got you. I got you.”
The man piloting the armor was oddly quiet, and when he spoke next, it wasn’t a response to Steve’s unlikely defense.
“Yes,” the brunet nodded firmly, but the softness in his eyes forced Steve to hold on to hope. “We were young, and we had plans and ideas for the future, and it was new and shiny and everything I’d never had before in my life. And then reality kicked in, and we ended up taking a different path to the one we initially thought we would. I remember when that happened, Steve. I remember why we broke up, and I’m a genius, if you’ll care to recall.” Tony made his voice dry, and Steve was helpless against the quirk of his lips. “I don’t make a habit of repeating my mistakes, at least not with the same person. This past week was just a way to say goodbye one more time,” he finished, brown eyes sincere and open in a way that held no space for half-truths.
Without giving Kevin-the-stupid-paramedic a chance to protest, Steve shifted to face Toni again, all softness and warmth. “I’ll be right back, sweetheart.” He spoke the words like a vow, and without asking, the genius knew that Steve needed to say it far more than she’d needed to hear it. “I need to have a talk with one of the reporters.”
“I would never,” Steve answered, firmly but sincerely. He had no anger over the treatment; he couldn’t, not when it meant that someone loved Toni enough to protect her from anything remotely resembling a threatening situation.
Toni had loved to play chess, a long time ago. It was, perhaps, the single, solitary thing that she’d enjoyed about the boarding school she’d been shipped off to. At first, she’d joined the team in the hopes that her parents would visit more often to see her matches, but after time, she grew to savour the depth of brilliance it fostered; the challenges it presented to her overactive mind.
And while he trusted them with the little boy who was a pseudo nephew to them all, he still hadn’t forgotten the time that Clint had suggested teaching Peter darts as a suitable babysitting activity.
A smile curved Steve’s lips, and it was only in that moment when he realized just how much he’d needed another voice of confidence. Another voice of reassurance, and who better than Bucky, who’d never given up on a sickly kid from Brooklyn who invited trouble the way most people avoided it?
The simple request was met with a lazy, languid kiss. There was another apology embedded in it; a promise, too, mixed with gratitude and the faintest hint of contentment. It made her toes curl and Toni couldn’t help pressing against Steve, smirking when he growled at the subtle rock of her hips.
Immediately, Steve had her elbow braced in his gentle grip. “Toni!” he admonished, sounding worried enough that she managed an inkling of remorse among her impatience. “You have to leave that on, Bruce said that pulling the stitches would cause you unnecessary pain, not to mention set back your recovery if they pop. You said that you…”
Distantly, she wondered if she’d ever be able to think of Peter as anything less, now that she’d given into it and called him hers.
“If you ever,” he enunciated slowly, forcing the words through gritted teeth and suddenly stinging eyes, “
Clint clenched his jaw, eyes cast over the expansive city that the Avengers Tower overlooked. He loved heights; ever since he was little, it’d always helped him to clear his mind; and Toni had seen to it that the refurbished Tower included a comfortable, but safe vantage point that gave him an unobstructed 360 degree view. Just one of the many things that she’d done for him – for this family – to turn an ordinary building into a home. Only now, for as much as his perch provided him with a sanctum of sorts, Clint didn’t think anything would clear his mind of the image that pervaded it.
“She’s got it.” This time, the voice that came over the speaker was Howard Stark’s, tinny and small as Steve suspected he had been patched in via telephone. For the first time, Steve realized that they all knew Toni was in the suit, and he filed that information away to react to it later. Preferably when he wasn’t on the brink of losing everything. “She’s been handling weapons since before she could pronounce the word. She’s got it.”
Before he could do something like tackle Bucky – it would have been a friendly tackle, just a little roughhousing, nothing too damaging… mostly – Steve caught sight of Peggy about to leave, and though he knew the British agent was beginning to look at him in a different light, he also knew that it wasn’t what he wanted. Not like he’d thought.
And then, the blessed sound of her voice behind him. “That’s a lotta promises to be making a girl, Captain.” He shot to his feet, whirling around and taking in the relieved but still somehow cocky look on her face. “You sure you can keep ‘em?”
he cried because of something Howard did.” She dragged in a rattling inhalation, her breath starting to come out faster and shorter as she spoke. “I spent… fuck, I spent most of my childhood crying like that, crying like my heart was
Still, Bruce mused to himself as he went through some deep breathing on the Quinjet in an attempt to hold the Hulk at bay. He wouldn’t change Toni for anything. Even now, while the Other Guy practically radiated agitation at the prospect of
Steve shook his head slightly, a sound emerging from his mouth that was half a laugh and half a choked back sob. “Too right,” he managed after a few seconds, wondering if Toni knew half of how much Peter picked up from her every day. Half of how important she was in his life, in their life, in their family. “You just keep on doin’ that till we get back, okay, bud?”
At the sound of her voice, Peter’s head snapped up with enough force that Toni’s neck ached sympathetically. Heartbreakingly hopeful eyes blinked up at her, as though testing to see that she was really there, and a small sound burst out of him when he realized that she was.
She nodded once, then disappeared for a few seconds as Erskine began addressing people. Steve heard bits and pieces of what they were planning to do to him, but he couldn’t focus his attention on one single thing, at least up until the point where Toni reappeared at his head. He felt a prick in his bicep, growing chagrined when he was told that it was simply a penicillin shot, but before he could flush or say anything to Erskine’s little shrug, he felt a small, cool hand against his forehead.
The way his friend mimicked his words was annoying in and of itself, even when Steve wasn’t taking into account the fact that Bucky was trying to seduce his… uh… well, Toni. Was trying to seduce Toni.
Tony sighed, a cavernous and wretched sound that reached across the expanse of gym between them and punched into Steve’s gut. He hated hearing his genius sound like that; hated it even more than he hated the fact that he’d lost the one he loved because once again, he’d been too slow to act, too slow to make a move and take what he wanted. What had been his to take, if he’d just been quick enough, brave enough, strong enough.
Steve reeled visibly at the words and fought hard against his own rearing temper. He wanted, for a brief moment, to knock the elder Stark right back on his ass for daring to talk about Steve’s best gal that way, but the Captain forced himself to remember that Toni
As they entered the kitchen, Toni deftly swinging Peter up onto one of the counters with one arm, Nat and Clint shifted in place to include them in the conversation, but when Clint’s voice stopped mid-sentence, Steve glanced up to see that his eyes were riveted on their resident genius.
The army uniform in front of him was unmistakably Peggy’s, and though Steve was hopelessly attracted to her, he couldn’t quite shake the initial pulse of disappointment that it wasn’t the younger Stark. It made no sense whatsoever, since she was more than likely to say something annoying that would put his back up now that the experiment was over and successful and she no longer needed to help keep him calm, but for whatever reason, he’d hoped that she would be there first, helping him get down instead of her father doing it, or flicking his head up with a careless finger and a smug smile. But she wasn’t, Agent Carter was, and it was rude to be disappointed by that.
It was obvious to him, and likely everyone else aboard, that the redhead’s intention was merely for him to hear Toni’s voice. It was usually enough to calm him and Steve knew that he was dangerously close to punching something, purely on principle. He nodded once, recognizing the wisdom of the suggestion, but before he could make a move to engage his Starkphone, a voice came over the Quinjet speakers.
Toni wasn’t under the impression that she’d said anything important or particularly earth-shattering, but for whatever reason, the words appeared to loosen something in her lover. Dimly, she wondered whether it was the intimacy of her trusting Steve to have her back, or perhaps just the conviction that everything was going to be okay, but regardless, the genius was pleased for it.
When he could, he spoke. “I never drank much before, and even when I did, nothing too strong. I was just as likely to hack up an organ instead, with my medical history,” he added by way of explanation.
“Oh, baby,” Toni murmured, battling past her own anguish in order to focus on the little boy in her arms. “Steve was just… confused, okay? He didn’t know, he didn’t understand. There’s no way he likes anyone in the world more than you.” She couldn’t manage to include herself in that sentence; not while she was nursing her own searing pain over Steve not listening to her over her father.
For a few heart-stopping seconds, there was only silence, and a tear tracked down his cheek as Steve forced himself not to open his eyes and check the timer or the missiles. If he knew Toni as well as he thought he did – and he definitely did – then her last resort wouldn’t be crashing the plane. It would be removing the threat from its source. And if she did that, then Steve figured he might as well crash the whole goddamn thing, anyway.
“STOP! Hold the radiation, we need to dial it back as soon as we have him stabilized and then we- DAD! Stop, right THE FUCK NOW!” Even as he screamed again, Steve heard her switch from barking out scientific sounding orders to cussing out her father as he presumably disagreed with her approach. She cut off abruptly, for a fraction of a second, but then started right back up again, cursing in what sounded like a completely different language as Erskine and Carter joined in the yelling, backing up Toni’s orders.
and it was supposed to make everything okay again, but instead, it had just ruined everything, because Tony might have moved on from him but Steve certainly wasn’t ready to let the genius go. It wasn’t fair, he hadn’t even had the chance to have something to move on from! And yeah, maybe he only had himself to blame, and he was, but this… Tony caring for him and loving him even though he was no longer
The question made her stop her work briefly, to bring Maico into a gentle hug and press a comforting little kiss to the top of his head.
She tutted in mocking disappointment, shaking her head. “I might’ve… but that ship sailed the second you laid a finger on him.”
For a good reason, too. “I’m sure you two have a lot to talk about, and I’m sure Miss Stark does too, but I need to borrow her for a consult for a little while,” Coulson cut in smoothly. Steve and Howard turned to face them, her boyfriend’s face flush with happiness while her father’s was simply faintly annoyed at the pointless interruption. “I’ll be sure to return her as soon as possible.” The agent’s voice was pleasant, on the surface, but with a steely undertone that not even Fury had contradicted.
When he flicked her already-taut nipple, Toni actually jerked in his arms. “Fuck, Steve,” she breathed, eyes slamming shut as pleasure flooded her senses. He kept teasing the tight bud and pressing his thigh firmly against her aching center until she was almost mindless with the onslaught of sensation. “More,” she eventually managed to blurt out. Dangerously close to a plea. “More, Steve, I need…”
“Fuck, Steve,” she moaned softly as he gripped her under her thighs and lifted her easily to lock her legs around his waist. Toni pressed as close as she could, rubbing up against him with every step he took towards her bedroom. When she started to kiss down his neck, nibbling and suckling, it nearly made him lose his balance, but miraculously, he made it there and followed her down on to the bed.
“I left,” Steve summarized wretchedly, the full extent of his own guilt weighted in those two little words.
As it were, his ferocious other half, so to speak, was positively adoring of the genius. Whenever Toni was injured, be it in battle or a simple lab accident, the Other Guy expressed his disapproval very loudly and vocally to the scientist; for the Hulk, it was as simple as Toni being nice to him. His friend. Friends needed to be protected. End of story.
“What?” Tony asked, perplexed, looking like those were the last words he’d expected to come out of Steve’s mouth. Which probably wasn’t entirely off-base. “Steve, I… what are you talking about?”
Jokes aside, there was no denying the raw relief that Toni could feel coming off Hawkeye in waves as he carefully hugged her back. “I missed you, too, Birdbrain,” she told him fondly, granting him a soft grin as she pulled away. Then, remembering the conversation she’d had with Peter before this entire mess, the inventor narrowed her eyes. “But you should know, as soon as I’m cleared by Banner, I’m gonna kick your Hawk-ass for teaching my son to climb to one of the highest shelves in the pantry.”
She was going to wake Steve up with nightmares about small, closed spaces, and being pelted with rubble, and being assaulted with the endless cries and pleas from Peter and Steve and the rest of their family.
“JARVIS, you with me?” she muttered quietly, nimble fingers working quickly but with painstaking care to secure the connection and stabilize it away from the rest of the exposed panel of circuitry.
A particularly ferocious yank of some rubble earned him a look from War Machine that Bucky could guess, without the man lifting his faceplate, was probably cautioning with a hint of threat. Rhodes took Toni’s safety as seriously as the rest of them and though he and the Colonel had reached an understanding based thereupon, Bucky knew that he wasn’t exempt from the other man’s wrath if he did anything to hurt Toni. And he wouldn’t have it any other way.
It had been late, by the time he’d gotten back to base, so Steve hadn’t stopped by Toni’s tent the way he normally did. He regretted it in the morning when, after venturing into the tent that Toni used for most of her testing and inventing, he caught sight of the genius braced against her desk, looking pale and shaky and completely unsteady on her feet.
“He lies awake,” Thor smiled knowingly, stepping aside to clear the path to the door. To her son. “He was adamant that a magic wish would return his mother home in time to tuck him in… I shan’t be so quick to dismiss his wisdom in the future,” the Thunder God nodded somberly, but there was a sparkle in his eyes that Toni didn’t miss, and it made her wonder whether Peter had shared the story of the 11:11 wishes she’d told him, what seemed like ages ago now.
The reply was vague and nebulous, holding the kind of ambiguity that wouldn’t have been out of place with Toni, and the thought made him smile briefly.
Steve watched through anguished, tear-filled eyes as the silver shot across his vision, plucking Bucky right out of his freefall and flailing dangerously, just for a single, heart-stopping moment, before it was zipping back up to where he was clinging to the side of the train.
Barely registering much of Peggy’s response, he took the proffered shirt and slipped it on, keen gaze still searching out the self-proclaimed genius. He finally spotted her at the consoles, eyes unmistakably red-rimmed as she rubbed a rough hand over her mouth and then through her spiky brown pixie-cut hair, visibly shaking, but before he could make a move to go towards her, he was stopped by one of the scientists, and then a politician, and then someone else and another after that. He caught her eyes once, but she promptly turned away from him and started towards Erskine instead, and Steve couldn’t for the life of him figure out why it suddenly felt important that he get to her.
“Sorry ‘bout that, Cap,” he apologized shortly, dipping his head towards Steve before turning on his heel. “Better phone Coulson, Stark,” he threw over his shoulder as he strode away. “SHIELD can foot the cleaning bill. How much does it cost, anyway, getting blood off of walls?”
It was enough to make any man crazy, but his first Sergeant had given him advice that he’d never forgotten: Don’t focus on the things you can’t control. Focus on what you’re doing, and do it damn well, because that’s the only thing you can do to help ‘em now.
“I owe you a great debt, Miss Stark.” The woman took her hand, a grave look on her face. Tears shimmered in her eyes and it discomforted Toni far more than her son’s leap into her arms had. “You saved my son’s life, at the great risk of your own. You’ve saved my own heart in doing so. There’s nothing I can do or say to repay that.”
Knowing that, and wanting to prevent the trouble if possible, Steve kept a watchful gaze on the little boy playing in front of him, dividing his attention neatly (if not entirely equally) between a happily entertained Peter and his own novel. It was a thriller that he’d only just started, but the author had managed to reel him in from the very first few sentences, which he almost regretted since the majority of his attention was dedicated to his son.
Fear made her weak. It made her powerless and defenseless, and she wasn’t going to be any of the above. Not while he needed her.
To be fair, with her windswept locks and red-rimmed eyes and pale, tear-streaked face, she probably wasn’t that much better of a sight.
Either way, their shared toxic upbringings had been a shared thread between them, and might have even served as a basis for understanding between them, if not for the rookie mistake Natasha had made on that first assignment.
Turning back to his girlfriend, he sent her a grin and swung onto the bike in front of her. Her arms wrapped around his middle as soon as he was seated, and picking up one of those hands, he pressed a kiss to her knuckles and pulled on his own helmet to the sound of her laughter.
Steve growled audibly, despite the relative regularity of Toni and Clint playfully pretending to flirt with each other, and the genius took the liberty of derailing any possible tension by reaching out and using her good arm to pull the archer into a quick hug, without actually leaving the protective circle of Steve’s arms.
Bucky was the first of them to recover. “What are ya talkin’ about, Doll? I’m busy makin’ myself a sandwich.”
Steve watched in horror as her shirt shifted with the motion, the beginnings of black lines peeking out from beneath the material, and then abruptly receding with whatever she’d injected herself with.
“Some of us, Stevie, ain’t afraid of a little complicatin’,” Bucky replied loftily, sounding strangely amused. “But alright, fine. I won’t go sweepin’ him off his feet. Now get the fuck outta my room and let me sleep. Punk.”
Steve felt his stomach swoop unpleasantly at the hesitation from Pepper, but he staggered a little further away from a now-silent, frightened Peter and forced himself to ask. “Then, what?”
