John made his way back from the bar, balancing a pint of his own and a double finger of whiskey for Sherlock. John was surprised his boyfriend wanted to come along to a get-together for Lestrade’s homicide division, but he didn’t complain. It actually seemed like Sherlock was starting to ease up to the rest of the yarders and not just tolerating them. When John had asked him if he wanted to come along tonight Sherlock had held his eyes a few seconds before shrugging. “Sure, would be nice to get out for a bit.” surprising the doctor, but in a pleasing way.
Mycroft allowed a small smile to graze his lips. “I promise I’ll try. Take care good care of my brother John.”
“Head trauma.” John answered, not minding the stray question, having learned to love Sherlock’s, at times desperate need of needless information and rested his own head back against Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Yes John quite right, I admit I have been crying.” Sherlock paused to take the clean tea towel and rubbed it over his face, especially around his eyes, before he continued.
Quickly Sally kneeled on John’s other side. “Here, rest your head on this.” She said as she hurried to fold up her jacket into a makeshift pillow and placed it under his head.
John stood back a little baffled as to what suddenly turned on Sherlock’s black mood, but shrugged it off. Even after all this time together with that brilliant man he still couldn’t figure out that mind of his. Hopefully his lover would be in better spirit when he returned from his workout.
The two men not involved quickly excited the office, sensing their presence wouldn’t be helpful in this situation as Sally responded; “Listen it wasn’t my call alright! I wanted to call you in after the 24 hour mark, but the director wouldn’t allow it. You’re not technically even allowed to work with the Yard. Lestrade has always been the one to handle your involvements with the department. I didn’t know what to do.. But when we received the video disk this evening I knew I had to act so I decided to call you in anyway, without proper clearance.” She defended, but it was obvious she wasn’t satisfied with her own handling of the situation.
“Screw the soup, I’d probably have ruined it anyway. Let’s just call the restaurant and have them bring us some, the owner owes me a favour anyway.” Sherlock said as he started unbuttoning John’s shirt and steer them back towards the living room.
Sherlock immediately focused. Charlie was a relatively new addition in the network. A very troubled young 14 year old boy. He wasn’t strictly speaking homeless, but had been placed in his fourth foster care home in London 5 months ago. When Charlie’s biological parents hadn’t simply neglected and ignored his existence they’d been both physically and mentally abusive. When authorities had finally stepped in the poor lad had been so affected that he’d acquired deep and profound trust issues to all other parental and authoritative figures, which often resulted in him lashing out either verbally or physically. Most foster homes simply gave up on him and sent him back into the system. Finding it was hard to control or deal with a forceful 14 year old boy.
As he reemerged from his heaving the images continued. Because he also remembered the distinct voice of John, yelling in fury followed by a scuffle which he didn’t see but heard most of. The last thing he remembered was being secure in John’s arms and then.. Nothing..
“They’re getting rid of me.. Just like all the others have! It’s just a matter of days before I have to shuffle all my shit back into a garbage bag and they kick me out so I can be another family’s nuisance!” Charlie sprouted the words in a harsh angry voice, but the hurt and insecurity was brewing right under the surface. The teen had his fist clenched hard and he was now trying to glare a hole in the ground, looking anywhere but Sherlock or Dexter, probably realising that his true emotions would be easily visible if he looked up.
“Don’t you dare apologize Sherlock. You could never let me down.. I was a fool for not trusting you.
He knocked one more time for good measure but didn’t wait for a reply before he nudged the door open to the kitchen with a greeting. “Evening. What’s all this commotion down here?” He asked with a smile in his voice. As soon as he opened the door a lovely smell of bakery reached met him. “And what is it that smells so good?”
Sally listened with a rising panic as the two pairs of footsteps started to move away from the door. “No! No wait!! Let me out! You can’t bloody leave me here!! LET ME OUT!!” She all but screamed at the end but it was no use, both men had left already.
“Well if the two of you started doing your job instead of jumping on each other like bunnies during work hours, then maybe I wouldn’t need to come down here all the time and take all the credit as well as having to take over your work.” The detective said in his a matter of fact voice.
Lestrade just growled; “Right now I’m not a fucking cop, right now I’m a fucking angry bloke who wants to make this filthy scum tell me what the hell he’s drugged my friend with! So..”
“Oh please! I would have been fine. That’s hardly an excuse for you to sabotage weeks of my work and research!!” Sherlock scowls.
Lestrade lay in his single hospital room, thoroughly enjoying the morphine coursing through his system. After his wounds had been cleaned and dressed, his broken bones set and dried blood cleaned off him Sherlock had once again been allowed to join him in his recovery room. John had arrived too, but left in order to find some coffee. Lestrade wasn’t fooled though, he knew John had left quickly to let Sherlock and him have some privacy.
“My world, that will simply not do! Those seats are too far off and not probably centred to receive the best acoustics. I must insist you be seated in the best seats of the house in a private balcony. I will see to the usher will show you to them.” André insisted.
Wow! This chapter came so easily to me I actually succeeded in writing it  in one day! (so proud of myself right now) XD. I give you the last chapter before the +1. I hope you all like it :)
“I want you to know John, I think this is a complete waste of time and I’m only agreeing to this because you are offering a La Prohibicion wine to make it bearable.” He said. John couldn’t help but chuckle. “You can pout all you want Sherlock, but you can’t expect telling me you’ve never seen as epic and essential a movie trilogy as Lord of the Rings and then not expect me to do anything about it.” This seemed to only deepen Sherlock’s pout even more. “I wanted to watch the documentary on bees.” He muttered lowly. John delivered a teasing slap to Sherlock’s knee. “Don’t be such a mood killer Sherlock, I’m taping that documentary for you. We’ll watch it next time I promise, but tonight..” John held up the three DVDs. “We’re going on an adventure!” He exclaimed enthusiastically. Honestly having an excuse to sit close to Sherlock for the next conceivable amount of time was the biggest reason for his excitement. Getting to watch his favorite movie trilogy was just a bonus.
“You had two routine surgeries in the morning and one emergency trauma case afterwards, causing you to miss lunch.” Sherlock stopped for a minute to think.
At this sight John’s blood went from freezing to boiling in a second and he let out a thunderous roar of anger;
Anderson’s eyes had grown to almost double size. There was a moment of silence before he cleared his throat a bit. “Umm.. Thanks John.. I needed that.” His voice was low but sincere.
John smiled. “You know what else you need? You need to get your mind off Sally. She’s moved on, so should you.”
John eyed Sherlock for a few seconds, debating whether he should give in to the detectives request or not. He however nodded in acceptance, Sherlock deserved to know what had happened and began from the beginning of their evening…
When he walked back through lab doors Molly was already pulling out the slides to be tested. She looked up with a face of gratitude as Sherlock poured them both a cup of coffee.
Sherlock walked out on the walkway and leaned against the railing. It wasn’t long before the detective’s observant kaleidoscope eyes were able to find the familiar silhouette of the doctor.
Sherlock even offered Anderson small nod and thanks before he entered the villa and ascended the wide staircase to the crime scene located on the first floor. Ever since the night at the bar where he and John had joined the homicide division for drinks Sherlock had noticed, that for some reason, Anderson had actually started to become more and more useful and helpful at crime scenes. The man no longer spouted insults or offence the minute he walked in and so Sherlock hadn’t needed to retort back in same kind as they’d used to in the past. As a result, the joined corporation between Sherlock and Anderson’s forensic team now made the process of collecting evidence and generally the whole casework running so much smoother, to everyone’s joy.
Sherlock found himself shaking slightly and not entirely from the cold as they waited for the update. Suddenly he felt the warm hand of John clasping his own tightly, giving it a firm reassuring squeeze. The two looked at each other and shared a comforting if not bit stained smile, silently reassuring each other.
Sally stepped out to the onto the small area outside indicated for smokers. Her brow winkled in confusion when she didn’t see Sherlock out here as expected. There were only one couple a few of feet away, passing a fag back and forth between them. She lit up her own cigarette and blew out the smoke while she looked around. Could he have gone home already? She doubted it, the detective wouldn’t just leave without telling John first. She continued her speculations, pulsing on her cigarette when suddenly her attention was caught by a young boy, turning the street corner in a sprint hollering loudly in his wake.
He could tell John easily detected his worry in his eyes and voice in the way he looked at him before answering; “Hard to tell from a grainy video picture alone, but he has most likely suffered a concussion judging from the injuries on his head and face. His torso was badly bruised to begin with and the continuation of trauma done, that we saw it is almost certain he has sustained several broken and bend ribs. A few second degree burns that do not present an immediate threat besides being painful. Though his breath is stained, as far as I can tell by audio alone, he hasn’t suffered a punctured lung. At the moment the most dangerous threat isn’t his injuries, but the question whether he’s keep hydrated or not, but there’s no way to tell on here.” John reported with a clinically efficiency, though his expression betrayed his calm voicing.
“John, why didn’t you call me? If I had known I could have.. I would have been able to get here before it got so bad.”
Sherlock and Lestrade managed to lead John into a small guestroom next to the crime scene and placed him on the madras.
This time let out a full, joyous laugh. “Oh I feel special now.” He turned to their landlady, who had a fond smile on her mouth from their little banter. “Do I even know what you threatened him with to have him bake for you?” He asked.
“He tutored me for 12 years until he had to move when he was offered the chance to work with a grand symphony orchestra in Austria, chasing his dream to be a conductor. Besides you he’s the only man I’ve ever considered a true friend. For almost the entirety of my childhood and youth, his lessons were my one place of sanctuary. The only time I felt truly happy and could escape from the chaos of the world and dark sides of my mind and while I understood his need to fulfil his dreams I was heartbroken when he left me.”
“You were supposed to have the entire weekend of. You’ve already worked overtime 3 times this week alone!” Sherlock complained. That damned Sarah always did this! Apparently she didn’t take to well that John in the end had dumped her in favour of Sherlock. She’d always be on the poor doctor’s case, giving him overtime and extra paperwork. John was already on the lookout for a new job, but until he found one he was stuck at the surgery. And Sherlock really didn’t want John to leave right now..
Sherlock’s mouth felt dry and it seemed like his heart had dropped to his stomach as it slowly started to dawn on him what he’d done and just how far he’d crossed the invisible line to breaking John Watson’s heart.
Sherlock and John exited the cab as it drove up the impressive driveway to stop in front of a giant luxuries London villa. John tried, but failed to suppress a wince as the simple action caused another twinge of pain to flare out in his left shoulder, centring in his scar. This of course didn’t go unnoticed by Sherlock who eyed his lover with worry.
“Sherlock?” John muttered surprised. What in the world was Sherlock doing here? John couldn’t imagine this being a place the detective would ever willingly set his foot inside.
John let out a humourless laugh. “My God you really do know how to over dramatize things. I don’t know, 6 maybe 7 months I think? I don’t keep that much track, all I know is that I’ve never been happier than I am with Sherlock right now.”
“Dimmock, you said you started him on penicillin two days ago, have Daniel received penicillin or any kind of antibiotic medication before? And have you ever experienced him having any form of allergic reaction?” He asked, his voice steady and sure.
“Don’t touch me! I’m fine.. It’s all fine..” But it wasn’t fine.. Every fibre in Sherlock’s body screamed at him that this was everything but fine. Same went for John’s voice. This voice didn’t sound like John’s at all. John’s voice always promised comfort, safety and strength.. This voice only sounded broken and hollow..
“Sorry Sherlock, but apparently two other doctors have called in sick and they’re short-handed in staff so I got to go.” John said, his voice portraying how sorry he truly was.
“It’s alright, I’m here now. It’s okay, I’ll make it all okay again John.” Sherlock whispered reassuringly and increased the pressure slightly on John’s shoulder.
Anderson’s smile widened significantly at the question. “Great, perfect really! We’re traveling to Austria together next week to go skiing. We’ve rented his amazing cabin near the resort. I know it sounds crazy but we’ve actually talked about moving in together in the near future. It just feels so right with her. I don’t think I’ve ever felt this way about anyone before.” He explained eagerly, his smile only growing bigger as he talked.
“Thank you. Are you alright? The bar looked crowded.” Sherlock said in a low voice so Lestrade and the surrounding officers wouldn’t notice. John knew he was referring to his tender ribs from when Singer had hit him with his car in his save-Sally-mission three weeks ago. The pain was much more manageable, but he still had at least three more weeks to go before he’d be fully healed. Sherlock had been nervous about John having to trod around in a crowded bar with risk of having drunks accidently elbow his chest or stumble into him and cause him even more discomfort. John smiled softly up at his attentive lover. “I’m fine Sherlock, I promise. I iced my ribs before we went out. I hardly feel it right now.”
“Thanks love.” He muttered and closed his eyes once again, trying to get the pain back under control as much as possible.
John winched and gasped as yet another sharp stab of pain pierced his shoulder, centering in his old wound from Afghanistan. Though it was nothing unusual at this time of year for his shoulder to act up (the cold weather always made it stiff and aching) it was still a painful and dreaded experience each time. The pain was often accompanied by small yet rough and ruthless flashbacks from that ill-fated day he had received the wound – the day he and his entire team had ambushed and he, despite his greatest efforts, had lost three men at his hands.
Mycroft is a meddlesome and worried older brother who gets in trouble. John Watson is a brave, badass soldier.
Still no answer. And he knows his landlady is home because there’s light under the door and the radio is playing inside.
Molly sat back and sighed in relief. “Thank God we’re done. I’m so tired I feel like I could sleep for a week.” She stretched her arms over her head to try and ease some of the tension out of her body after sitting still for so long, before turning to Sherlock with a soft smile. “I don’t even want to think about how long I’d been if I’d been on my own. Thank you so much for your help Sherlock.” She said, her appreciation thick in her voice.
Sherlock was on his way back from evidence, it had taken a lot longer than it should have, but it had been accidental. While returning evidence he’d come across a mixed rubiks cube on one of the many shelves, confiscated from an old closed case from the eighties. He’d picked it up and turned a few segments out of curiosity fully intending on putting it back right away and go deliver his reports so he could return home to John. But once he’d started he slowly became intrigued and had been unable to put the damn thing down until he’d unravelled the technique to solve the puzzle. It had taken him almost two hours, but in the end all sides had been neatly sorted and Sherlock felt satisfied as he left. However, as he walked towards the stairs to return to the offices his ears quickly picked up on something. It sounded like.. Crying? Not just crying, but heaving sobbing. Sherlock frowned and picked up his pace a little. The sobbing was definitely getting louder, he was getting closer to the source. Suddenly the sobbing was interrupted by desperate pleas;
But John ignored the order and kept glaring into the eyes of Anderson whom he still held with a firm grip at his collar.
John raised his glass in a small salute to Greg. “Cheers mate, I’ll get the next round.” He said cheerfully. “Cheers John.” Greg raised his glass with John and they each took a large drink, sighing in satisfaction as they lowered them back down.
John simply smiled that reassuring smile of his. “Well, I’m glad we finally on the same page about something, but you’re in no way in debt to me Mycroft.. I’ll do it all over again if I have to. As I said, I’ll always protect the ones I care for.” John shifted in his seat. “But now, if you don’t mind, I think it’s about time I head back home to Sherlock. He must be worried enough as it is. I’m glad you’re alright, but please try not to mess with the KGB in the future. Cause that guy was a pain in the ass.” John half laughed.
Sherlock was already pulling on his Belstaf before throwing one of John’s older Parka jackets at Dexter to put on. “Where is he?” He asked determined as they started a rapid decent down the stairs.
Hey everyone, here's another chapter! Hope you'll all enjoy it :) As you might be able to tell from my writing, English isn’t my first language and I’m really awful at spotting my own spelling as well as grammar mistakes D: That’s why I would like a proofreader for my Sherlock stories. Anyone who would be interested or know where I might find someone who is? Help would be greatly appreciated – Thank you! :)
Sherlock has invited John out to a night at the opera, but as it turns out Sherlock has an ulterior motive to go there as he wanted to meet up with someone very special from his past. John, of course being incredibly sweet and supportive when he leans who and why.
“Sally listen to me.” Sherlock pressed himself against the door, his voice was loud enough so it could travel through the wooden barrier, but still portrayed a calmness he knew was important to maintain. He had no idea how Sally had ended up locked in the small room, but he’d worry about that later. First thing first. “You’re hyperventilating. I promise you I’ll get you out, but you need to calm down and take some deep breaths for me, okay?”
Fact was, Sally had never connected well with most members of the force. No one had ever had any reason to dislike her and many respected her work and resourcefulness as a sergeant, but beside maybe Anderson and DI Lestrade to some degree, no one would use the term ‘friend’ about Sally Donovan. But these last three weeks had been hell for all, not only having to survive the chaos that arose when their DI had been kidnapped, but ever since Donovan had been in charge the workplace had been hell. Acting DI Donovan was short tempered, unorganized and just outright disrespectful and rude towards everyone on the force and it was starting to affect everyone’s mood and performance on the job.
John turned with the intention of telling Lestrade off for stopping him, but as he saw the look on the DI’s face, he didn’t doubt the other’s intentions. “I’m on him John. Go to Sherlock he needs you.” The DI said his own eyes an inferno of rage never leaving the man under John, that was now moaning lowly in pain.
John could almost imagine how Sherlock felt when deducing as his eyes scanned his lover’s face and came up with conclusions along the way.
John jumped out of hiding and quickly aimed towards the proximate area of which he knew the sniper were located, based on the shots fired earlier. He shot his gun 1.. 2.. 3 times. In the corner of his eye he could just make out Mycroft racing towards the exit, reaching the door, ripping it open and charging into the night outside. Once he knew Mycroft was safe he threw himself into cover once again. Up above he heard the raging cry of the Russian as he realized his prime target had just escaped him.
The room was complete with a large comfortable chair for Sherlock to sit. Besides the chair stood a machine which looked like some kind of futuristic torture device in his eyes. Clearly this was the device that was to be placed in front of the his eyes during the examination.
“Thanks, I couldn’t have done it without you John. I really appreciate what you’re doing. You should know that.” Greg said, his voice sincere.
Sherlock shook his head, his eyes firmly on Lestrade. “You had your reasons and I understand. You fought so hard to get me clean.. You sacrificed too much for me.. And I never even thanked you probably for it.”
John smiled and held up a hand in a half defending way. “Don’t be ridiculous, it’s good fun. I should be thanking you for putting up with me. I know I can get a bit much.” John laughed.
“Then what the hell is the bloody problem?” John exclaimed loudly, not able to keep his frustration with Mycroft bottled up.
“That certainly doesn’t sound too good. Let me just get my bag, I’ll be back in one minute.” John said as he raced up the stairs to find what he needed.
Afterwards Sherlock and Molly proceeded to pack up their stuff and exited the hospital out into the cold October night. They said their goodbyes and Sherlock even offered up a quick one-armed hug, something Molly had never seen him offer anyone before. They headed off in each their direction.
“Christ Sherlock…” Lestrade sighed and ran his hand through his silver hair, but there was no more anger tracing his voice, only understanding and sympathy.
“He’s my friend!! He’s my friend please!! Get out of my way!” He couldn’t keep the slight desperation out of his voice.
So Sherlock explained everything that had happened, what he had said and done. Halfway through he was surprised to find that it actually helped quite a lot to share the load and burden of his worries and stared to truly pour his heart out to his friend, not hiding his guilt and sorrow and admitting how disgusted he now was with himself for what he had done. As Sherlock rambled on Lestrade slowly started to ease his tight grip until he no longer held the detective pinned against the wall at all.
“Are you all fucking crazy?! I’m going to press charges for assault after this!” Davis exclaimed loudly and fought his way back on his feet.
“Look at you, I always knew you’d grow up to be a handsome young man. You surely did not disappoint me.” He said with a voice laced with pride. John couldn’t help but notice how the man’s eyes were shining just slightly with a few unshed tears.
Lestrade repeated the action a third time, making the lowlife let out a pathetic sob as he cried. “GHB! It was GHB, alright!!”
John had watched the whole thing with a tight face. Trying to suppress the tightening knot in his stomach and throat as Sherlock grew more and more distressed.  As the whole thing progressed John slowly realized that this had absolutely nothing to do with the movie. Sherlock was projecting his own fear of abandonment and John knew, he just knew, it was specifically his fear of John abandoning him. It was heartbreaking to watch. John knew, that whenever Donovan, Anderson or anyone else for that matter tried to ‘warn’ him or explain to him how bad a man Sherlock was and how he should get away from him as soon as possible, it hurt Sherlock tremendously. At first John truly believed the detective didn’t give a damn about what other people thought of him, but as he got to know Sherlock better, he saw the hidden truth. For while Sherlock did a great job hiding his feelings behind a façade of indifference, he had the most expressive eyes John had ever witnessed in his life and once he’d learned to decipher those it really wasn’t all that hard to read Sherlock.
“Excuse me.” John said, glad to get the chance to leave the company of Ethan Davis and went to join Sherlock.
Sherlock had located a kitchen, brewed a fresh pot of coffee and was making his way back towards the lab as he received a text in answer from John;
John’s moans grew louder when Sherlock pushed him down to lay face down and stretched out on the couch then completely focused on working out the remaining tension in the doctor’s neck, shoulders and back for another half hour. When John literally felt like pudding under Sherlock’s hands, the detective gently eased John's head on to his lap and started to run his fingers through his hair and massage his temples, as he always did. As he did John could feel how the dark memories were replaced by a heavy feeling of sleepiness.
A sudden feeling of unease and worry washed over the detective, replacing his earlier irritation. He quickly jumped up from his chair and sprinted down the stairs to stand in front of the door to Mrs. Hudson’s flat.
“Oh John.. None of what I said was true.. None whatsoever.. I said those things out of spite and anger and I know that is no excuse. But it was lies and lies only.. John, you mean more to me than life itself, without you I cannot function.. You know I’m often accused of being heartless, but without you I truly would be.. I love you John Watson, you have to understand that you are my heart.”
Molly looked up through her eyelashes that were still clumped together by recent tears as she slowly rose back to her feet, coffee stained papers back in her hands. She sniffed once and shifted her gaze to her feet before she spoke; “Yeah.. Or no.. I mean I’m just so far behind with work and my boss just chewed me out because I haven’t finished some important biopsy analyses, I have two autopsies waiting that needs to be done tonight and with all the paperwork that follows.. God I’m rambling, sorry. it’s not your problem and I’m sorry Sherlock, but you can’t be here tonight. I need my lab.. I’m in for an all-nighter if I’m to have any hope finishing it all in time.” Molly said apologetically as if she was asking for the moon instead of claiming her own workspace. She walked quickly over to the other side of the desk to put her papers down, staying on the other side of Sherlock. She still refused to look him in the eyes, clearly embarrassed about her appearance.
Sherlock already had a good assumption of who the boy was referring too, but he asked anyway. He needed to get the boy talking. “Who’re you talking about Charlie?” He advanced slowly towards Charlie with slightly outstretched arms in an open, non-threatening gesture.
Sherlock inhaled deeply, taking in the comforting scents of disinfectants and chemicals. It’d been some time since his last visit to Molly’s lab. He’d missed the atmosphere. Molly always kept her workspace and supplies in sublime order and best of all, she allowed Sherlock access to her lab whenever he wanted. As long his usage didn’t interfere with her daily work, he could more or less come and go as he pleased. It was rather late so there wasn’t much life outside the door to the hospital hallway, except the evening staff patrolling by now and then. Sherlock allowed his mind to emerge itself at the experiment at hand, enjoying the peace and quiet. As long as it lasted anyway..
Sherlock and John get into a fight that nearly destroys their relationship (don't worry though, happy ending is ensured)
“I love you too you git, so bloody much that it’s almost scary, but please.. Promise me you’ll never pull anything like this again, I’m not sure I’ll be able to handle another round.” He mumbled tiredly and tightened his arms just a fraction around his beloved’s shoulder.
Greg could hardly tell what happened. As he saw the teen run at him, pipe raised to strike, it was almost as his body reacted on auto pilot. Within seconds he had disarmed the boy, thrown him off balance, pushed him down to the ground and restrained his arms tightly behind his back. He had to blink a few times himself to comprehend what he’d just done and so easily too. He looked up at the four other men standing around him. The two young officers’ mouths hung open in sheer astonishment and awe. Lestrade was surprised to find even Sherlock had a look of amazement portraying his face. John however had the biggest grin he’d ever seen plastered on the man’s face, his eyes shining with happiness and pride.
Sally turned around, back to the door. Beads of sweat were gathering at her temples, her breath hitching, realising she was dangerously close to hyperventilation. She moved the light franticly around the small room, just then realising in her half panicked stage that she was holding her phone. She quickly opened the screen only to find absolutely no bars available down here to call or texts for help. She couldn’t help letting out a small cry of despair and slammed the back of her head back against the door. She once again tried to bring her breathing under control, this just couldn’t be happening, not here, not now. The room was closing in on her, suffocating her slowly. It was getting too hot, she clawed at her collar and in a frenzied panic practically ripped off her thick jumper that was over her dress shirt, but it didn’t help. She was full out hyperventilating by this point. It was too late. She was now in the midst of a full-fledged panic attack. She dropped her phone to the floor, turned around and pounded at the door as hard as she could screaming; “HELP! HELP ME SOMEONE PLEASE!” She stopped to let out a few heaving sobs. “LET ME OUT OH GOD PLEASE LET ME OUT, SOMEONE!!”
Just as John finished his little pep talk did Sherlock run back into the room, a first aid kit in hand. He quickly crouched down next to his lover and handed the box over.
Anderson snorted in mock horror. “Come on John, let’s be honest here. I’m surrounded by a bunch of tall and handsome officers, no woman in here is going to spare me a single glance. Besides, if you haven’t noticed, I’m not the best at making first impressions. I’ll probably just end up making more of a fool out of myself.”
“And I’m sure your family are very worried about you right now. I’m sure whatever you heard tonight is explainable. You know, a good detective doesn’t jump to conclusions without all the data.” Sherlock defended coolly, hoping this could be the final straw to get the boy to retreat from the roof edge.
DI Dimmock eyed him with an ice-cold stare. “This.” He slammed his hand down on the small mountain of files with a loud bang. “Is all the old murder case files going back 10 years, that needs sorting, filing and then to be scanned and uploaded to our digital records.” The man stated coolly.
Sherlock’s protest end efforts to wiggle free from the man doubled for a few seconds at those words, but he was quickly subdued by a rough shake from the tall man.
Sherlock would have protested but he would really like to sit for a minute as he had also started to feel a bit lightheaded. So, he took the offered seat without comment. Oh god, he just hoped he wasn’t coming down with something, he hated being sick it always slowed down his transport so inconveniently much.
Mycroft’s stare turned stone cold. “Is that supposed to make everything okay then? Let’s hope where you’re going they’ll be more accepting of your pathetic character.”
Now it was Sally who stepped forward, her eyes lightnings of barely controlled anger. “Did you hear what DI Lestrade just said? John Watson received his injury while serving his country! So how can you even say such a ridiculous thing!” She growled.
Charlie stood slightly speechless from all the sudden attention from his foster parents but answered non the less. “N-No.. I’m alright, really. I’m sorry I scared you.. I just..” He looked up to Sherlock who gave him a soft nod in encouragement to go on. “I ran away because.. I heard you talking downstairs. About finding me another family to live with.. And I was so sad because, I really like it here with you and I really want to stay, please?! I will try to do better in the feature just please don’t send me back.” Charlie pleaded, a few tears once again escaping his eyes as he spoke.
Apparently so because suddenly John is hauled forward, closing all distance between him and Sherlock and his lips mashed together with the taller man’s. Sherlock’s hands are fisted tightly in John sweater and John responds by wrapping his arms completely around Sherlock’s middle pulling them even closer together as the kiss deepens. They part after several minutes and lock eyes, both breathing slightly deeper to make up for lack of air during the kiss.
“You’re telling me.. You’re afraid of what will happen to Sherlock.. If I ever decide to leave him?” John more stated than asked, his voice once again soft, but with a clear undertone of disbelief to it.
“John.” Sherlock called from across the room. Clearly wanting John to join him in the examination of the body.
John couldn't do anything to stop the slight hitch in his breath and his jaw to drop a bit as he laid eyes on the gorgeous man in front of him.
By this point Sherlock’s face had flushed up, becoming deep red in anger. John had never seen Sherlock so furious before. Well, at least not at him anyway. But John was a soldier and he certainly wasn’t about to just stand there and take such an accusation and accept it. If Sherlock wanted to pick a fight then Captain John H. Watson was willing to enter the battle.
“Anyway, thanks for the help both of you. I’ll be in touch should we need you again.” The detective inspector said and shook the hands of the two men before he disappeared down the hallway, letting the two find their own way out of the police station.
Ethan just shrugged his shoulders in indifference. “Hey, I’m just calling them as I see them buddy. If we’d been in America a wimp like that would never be allowed to work with the force.”
John clapped his hands once. “Awesome. How about you swing around tomorrow morning? I planned on going anyway and we’ll get started.” John asked and Greg nodded.
Mycroft stepped into Ethan’s personal space so they stood almost chest to chest and whispered. “You’re leaving on that plane Mr Davis. Believe me when I say that I’ve shown you an unreasonable amount of kindness in doing this. If it’d been purely up to me, you wouldn’t have been granted this luxurious opportunity. Unfortunately, my little brother seems to be of that conviction that my preferred course of action would displease his partner. So you see, even after the way you treated him John Watson is still a greater and better man than you can ever hope to dream of being. Have I made myself clear?!” Mycroft roared the last few words.
He dug Cumberbatch's phone from his pocket, looked for the first available taxi service, and rang it. "I need a cab to go to St. Bart's hospital. Hampstead. Now. Yes, immediately. Fifty quid bonus if the driver gets here within five minutes. Fine, ten minutes. What do you mean, safety standards? For God's sake, there's got to be someone who's greedy
In the kitchen, he saw a heavy door set into the wall. Recent footprints, headed out. He opened the door carefully and went down the stone stairs. A light at the bottom was burning.
Molly's face screwed up, and for a second Benedict thought she was going to cry. "It's…it's odd, that's all. I don't think I…." She held perfectly still, and her cheeks turned scarlet. "Er…I think I'll just…." She climbed off and sat beside him on the sofa, though not nearly as close as before, wrapping her arms round herself.
Not that it was Sherlock's fault. How was he supposed to work any of this out without data? And, presumably, work it out for Cumberbatch as well, because it was obvious that Cumberbatch couldn't deduce his way out of a wet paper bag. Unless it was in the shape of a gigantic hand, with rings on it.
Maybe it was trust, and that was all there was to it. Sherlock had never lied to John about who he was, he'd demonstrated from the very first moment exactly what sort of man he was, and if he concealed parts of himself, they weren't malicious, or ugly. Yeah, he was a prick sometimes, he was thoughtless…almost always, arrogant 24/7, but –
Cumberbatch gaped. Sherlock hoped he didn't look so moronic with that expression pasted to his face. Actually, he hoped he never
Sherlock hadn't breathed a word about Moriarty being a consulting criminal. Why? God, what a bastard….
The voice stopped, and as several long minutes dragged by, Sherlock waited. Finally his patience dwindled and dissolved altogether. "Where are you?" he called. "You're boring me." He tossed his head, trying to dislodge the blindfold, but it stayed firmly tied. "Moron!"
"I'm sure it'll be great." John beamed back, including Sherlock in his smile. "I didn't know you were working. I didn't mean to bother you."
John squinted. "Moriarty…?" It looked like him, a little. But this Moriarty was blond, and wearing glasses.
"No, I –" This was starting to sound like a child's verbal shoving match. "Why would you say that? I mean, I asked you all sorts of questions about your job, and –"
"I'm afraid we must keep recording," Mycroft said, rising to his feet, "but bid farewell if you wish. However, keep it brief – we're short on time." He turned to John. "John, Mr Cumberbatch would like a word with you."
Good. It was still good, it was brilliant, in fact. John thrust and thrust and finally shuddered and groaned as he came. He held Mary closely, burying his nose in her neck, inhaling her fragrance, always more complex than soap or perfume or food.
There was a sharp, muffled cry from the direction of the storage cellar. Sherlock pushed past piles of centuries-old junk and saw a smaller door. He tore it open and beneath the poor light of a single bulb, saw Tom lying on the floor, gagged, bound, stretched between two heavy pieces of furniture. And, thank God, unharmed.
"So how did you know someone was just in the office?" John leant against the wall of the lift, dapper and trim in his smart coat. "Could have been anybody, you know. That girl with the blue hair."
"You see? That's exactly what I mean! You've got so dull, Sherlock. It's not like you're her father or anything." Moriarty brushed off the lapels of his suit. "Hey, I've got a question for you. Without getting indelicate, what do you think of BDSM?"
John's hand hovered over his pocket. Little Lamb was a 4-7 favourite for Chelmsford City on Wednesday, freshening up after a disappointing run in the last mare's hurdle, but –
"I'm sure Mycroft can organise that for you," Sherlock said. "Or maybe straight to Fentanyl, Mycroft?"
"Why indeed. The cook's name is Madame Charbonneau. And you'll love her plaice, it's an absolute delight." Mycroft set down his spoon as the dining room door swung open. "Ah, here we are. Thank you."
"We've just come from Buckingham Palace," Benedict said, and watched a gleam come into her eyes. A little chill passed over him. He'd enjoyed his scenes with Lara – together, their timing was nearly impeccable and she hadn't needed to chew scenery in order to keep up with Sherlock's glamour – but this woman wasn't Lara Pulver, and if she was an actress it was only in the most cynical sense.
"I'm fine, thanks." Sherlock sat down again and resumed his folded-hands pose, looking expectantly at John.
John couldn't decide if it was kindness or condescension colouring Sherlock's voice, but his head was throbbing again and he was too tired to sort out the difference. Obediently he lay back, covered his eyes again, and listened to Sherlock's soft tread across the floor, and then the quiet click of the door closing behind him.
"The launch parties. There'll be thousands of people there. The flagship stores, shopping centres…."
"Oh, yes. Mm." Henry, smiling benignly, reached into his pocket and withdrew a syringe. He uncapped it, squirted a bit of liquid out, and examined the tip. "The guy who sold this to me said it would keep a twelve-stone man out for about seven hours, give or take. So –" Swiftly, he injected the needle into Tom's bare upper arm. "Let's see how that works. You sleep awhile, and then we can start. We've got a couple of days. Your boyfriend might be a problem, but I think we can fix that too."
John shrugged into his coat. "That'd be great, thanks." He strolled down the corridor with Fann and waved goodbye to the receptionist. "It was so busy today I didn't get a chance to chat with you. How was it while I was gone? Did Colleen manage all right?"
He made it to the house without further incident, let himself in and slammed the door hard. On the way to the kitchen he shucked his jacket, leaving it on the floor, and kicked his shoes off.
suffer, too, if what Molly said was true – oh, heavens). He wanted to leave them both shattered, egoless, lacking even the will to die. And then he'd start over from the ground up. Sherlock could be rehabilitated; John would make a great domesticated pet, for a while at least, until Jim got bored with him. Wouldn't take long.
The ticket agent shook her head. "Yeah, that's not here. I mean, you can get to the ticket office from that number, but that line's in the business office. Near the grandstand, that way." She indicated the direction with one orange-taloned finger.
Sherlock wasn't sure where John was headed. "We needn't do anything that makes you uncomfortable, John."
He shrugged inwardly – boring – and was about to set it down when a distinctive scent caught his nose. He brought the script close and sniffed.
"John…replace you? Are you mad?" Sherlock settled deeper into his pillow. "Besides, I tried that once with Molly. Disastrous."
Sherlock raised an internal set of eyebrows at Mycroft's familiar use of Lady Howe's name. It wasn't the first time. "Well, Lord Moran's tastes in art are catholic, but as you can see from the photographs of his family's home –" Sherlock took the phone and called up a saved site. "Obviously the most favoured stuff is pre-Enlightenment. And where, brother dear, is his family's home?"
He'd keep his promise to Cumberbatch, though likely TWH would slam the door in his face. It shouldn't take long, and perhaps he'd be able to set everything to rights – if Tom had any sense of gratitude, at least. Though if he'd been really worried, he'd have gone to the police already. Honestly, the whole affair was scarcely worth his time, but he
Sherlock grandly waved a hand. "Think nothing of it." It might be fun to pick them apart. For Tom's benefit, of course. And as a favour to Cumberbatch, not that Sherlock owed him a thing.
"Ciaran," the woman said, "You're not being very polite." She shook her head at Sherlock in adult complicity.
"I was thinking that maybe you and I – or all of us – could maybe go away for a while." She squeezed his arm. "A trip round the world, maybe. France, Italy, Africa, India. Anywhere you wanted to go. You could retire too, you know, with that much money. We wouldn't have to live like kings, but everything would be sorted." Her eyes searched his.
you not to get up, God damn it. Would you please, for once in your life, defer to my expertise?" Martin crossed the room and slammed his bag on the cluttered coffee table. His movements were very John Watson – neat, economical, none of the casual loose-limbed ease of his ordinary demeanour.
A hot blush rising to his face, Benedict cleared his throat. "Good morning," he said as quietly as he could.
Five minutes passed, and Tom poured the omelette mixture into a shallow pan. A few more minutes, the thing was almost ready, and Benedict was nowhere in sight. Tom pushed the toaster lever down, readied the tea, and served the omelette up on two plates. He bounded upstairs and into the bedroom. "Ben?"
A while later, Irene W leaves the house, and goes out the front to where Jim is waiting for her, and she discusses the plan with him, their young faces growing even more eager by the second.
to disappear. Besides, I’ve already found them,” Sherlock turns his laptop around and shows him a location on a map, “it wasn’t forming a circle, John. It was forming a triangle, and at the very top of that triangle is where our kids are.”
“Oh, that. Don’t worry about it, it’ll be alright soon, okay?” John says reassuringly, patting Irene on the shoulder. Irene grips Jim’s hand even tighter, and he lets out a small pained noise. Irene watches closely as her dads leave, suspicion showing on her six-year-old face.
“Yeah, well you’re only three. You stay here, and I’ll go and investigate their room, okay?” says Irene.
“Irene, I hope you know that it’s not how it works. We don’t plan the murders, we solve them,” John explains.
made tea. You didn’t even know how to even turn the kettle off!” Irene corrects him, taking the last of her toast. She stuffs it into her mouth, and then puts on her own jacket.
“No, one of the shoes belongs to this victim—the shoe that was going to be left with Zack if he had died, and the other shoe belongs to the next victim,” Sherlock explains, “which leads me to my next question; why would they let Zack go, and yet be perfectly capable of killing this perfectly in shape person, however overworked he may be?”
“This person didn’t untie their laces very often, they would just put on their shoes quickly, and head out, meaning they often had to go somewhere in a rush. Not work, as these are clearly not work shoes,” Sherlock is about to continue, but he throws it back to Irene instead.
“They’ve been kidnapped. Finally,” Sherlock adds calmly, starting to type (extremely fast) on his computer again.
“Not anymore,” Irene winks and then takes another bite out of it. She looks at Sherlock, “so, where are we going now, Dad?”
“That’s better than dead. Isn’t it, Sherlock?” John clarifies for his husband, a forceful tone on the edge of his words.
Irene nods. Sherlock walks back into the room, “they’ve found another body,” he says, throwing on his jacket, “let’s go.”
“To get a cookie, Dad was taking too long,” Jim holds up a large, white choc-chip cookie, giving him a toothy grin.
She clears her throat and says, “I’ll explain. So, basically, I knew where the shoe Dad had found was when he found it, even though I hadn’t gone out to get it with him.”
"God damn it!" Benedict hammered on the wood until he thought he'd splinter it. "John, open the fucking door!"
life is here." Sherlock's eyes burned brilliant blue, the fine web of wrinkles around them making them somehow even bluer.
"Right, some other time. I'll be back in two hours." Sherlock made no response. John watched him for a few seconds, then tiptoed out, leaving the door open. He dropped onto the sofa and glanced at his watch:  half eight. He took out his phone and set the alarm for ten o'clock, then snapped on the telly, switching channels and finding nothing interesting. After a few moments he settled on an old black-and-white film, then lay on the couch under the old tartan blanket and drifted off.
"Bloody he..!!" John bit his lip to stop the curse escape his lips as the deeper penetration of the cramped up muscle caused yet another weave of hot pain to rack through him.
Normally John would have accompanied them, but for one the doctor had been feeling unwell when going to bed and probably wouldn’t be up for a midnight exploit through the city in the cold weather. Secondly, having John present while Charlie was having an episode wouldn’t be productive in calming the teen down, worst case and more likely it would even have a negative effect on the boy. So Sherlock made the decision that it be best he and Dexter went alone. As they made their way in the cab Sherlock sent off a quick text to John, letting him know where he was and what he was doing. A promise the detective had made his doctor after several hardtaught lessons were. Luckily the streets had little traffic as it was a week night so they reached their destination in little less than 20 minutes.
A minute later Mrs. Hudson came back up with Lestrade and Molly following right behind her, both offering a small smile and weave in greeting as they entered.
“There’s two ambulances on standby, let’s go and get you checked over just in case mate. You sure as hell gave us a scare, but bloody well done!” Greg praised, beyond relieved John seemed more or less unharmed.
And with that Sherlock found himself being turned around and slammed right back into the cold, jagged stonework so fast it made the whole world tilt of its axis and his forehead bounce painfully off the it’s surface, even as he tried to catch himself with his arms sprawled against the cold exterior.
John turned on the small lamp at the coffee table allowing the soft glow of light to spread throughout the apartment. As he shrugged off his jacket he immediately noticed how cold it was and quickly made his way to the fireplace and got a fire going, hoping it would warm up the place fast.
“Goodnight John.” Sherlock answered and settled himself comfortably against John’s strong chest, his heart light with relief and happiness that Charlie had finally achieved some well deserved love and happiness in his new family as he’d found in John.
Molly burst through the entrance, letting out a screech as the spring mechanism in the hinges caused the doors to backlash into her, making her drop her armload of papers along with a thermos of coffee. In seconds the lab’s calm tranquillity had turned into a chaos of spilled coffee soaking into the fallen papers on the floor and Molly frantically dropping to her knees to save the documents. She hadn’t even noticed Sherlock from his seat right on the other side of the desk yet.
“Sherlock, stay with me! Stay awake love!” John called and rubbed lightly on the younger man’s sternum in an effort to keep him conscious. It was no use and only seconds later the detective lost himself do the darkness.
“I’m sure your own brilliant mind will figure it out. Two hours Sherlock and I’ll be back I promise.”
Lestrade looked at his watch again. It wasn’t like Sherlock to be late when setting a time. He was starting to get slightly worried when finally, a taxi pulled over and revealed the doctor and the detective.
“No John – no, there’s no case. I very much wanted to bring you here and enjoy an evening with you that does not end with us running across London’s rooftops. But I do admit I also had an ulterior motive for coming here tonight.”
Sherlock flashed their tickets as they entered and they were quickly led to a luxurious lobby. Soon both men had a flute of fine champagne (which no doubt cost more than what John made in a month) the doctor quickly noted as he took the first sip. Everywhere John looked he saw nothing but the luxurious world of the London upper class. Women in long, elegant dresses, showing of their long necks adorned with diamonds and men in fine tailored suits and Rolex watches. To be honest he did feel a bit out of place in his old and slightly tattered suit, but when he looked up at Sherlock the man looked like he was right where he belonged. He looked absolutely dashing in his own perfectly fitted black suit and white dress shirt, even for once wearing a fine, slender black tie for the occasion and his soft curls held beautifully in place with a good amount of hair gel.
Sherlock stepped up and wrapped his arms back around his doctor and planted a soft kiss right on his lips.
Finally John reached his destination and, with practiced ease, opened the door with his elbow and let himself inside. Immediately as he entered John’s soldier instinct told him that something was wrong. It wasn't a feeling of danger it was more like a feeling of unbalance.. Like something was out of place. Taking note of his surroundings John first realized that Mrs. Hudson’s flat was completely silent and the lights were out. That’s funny, their landlady was usually home by this hour and more often than not came out and greeted John warmly when coming home from work, especially when he was late, with a motherhen look in her eyes and a reminder for him not to work himself too hard. The second thing he noticed was the silence.. No sound of gunshots, or of the violin or of Sherlock loudly complaining to his skull about the plain and stupid normality of the world and its' inhabitants. Sherlock rarely suffered from boredom in silence.
“Lestrade.. I..” Sherlock didn’t really feel like trying to explain everything right now, he just wanted John back, but the DI had made it very clear he wasn’t going to let Sherlock go before receiving a proper explanation. Sherlock guessed he owed him that much as the man had surely already helped John and made sure he was safe and warm for now.
“Actually.. I think Lestrade and his team can take care of this case themselves. Maybe we could just head home and.. Take a shower there?” Sherlock said, the flush across his cheeks growing darker and his voice with a clear undertone of hope.
“It’s okay Sherlock.. I’m going to be fine love. I just.. need a moment.” John tried to reassure his partner, not liking the sadness edged into his pretty face.
“Come on, It’s still early in the day. I’m sure we can get your eyes tested and get this over and done with right away, quick and painless.” John announced, retrieving both his own and Sherlock’s jackets as well as the brunet’s beloved blue scarf and shoved the items unceremoniously into his lover’s arms.
John couldn’t stand by anymore though. He quickly stood and placed himself in front of the still pacing man, stopping him in his tracks. Sherlock looked him in the eyes for the first time since John awoke and the look the doctor received nearly broke his heart. Sherlock looked so sad and lost that John simply couldn’t help himself but gently cup Sherlock’s face to make sure the man would listen and not turn away from him as he talked; “Yes Sherlock, Frodo should know. He should know Sam is the greatest and best hobbit he’s ever met and will ever meet. But while he might see he does not observe. He’s caught in this moment of weakness and makes the biggest mistake in his life to send Sam away. Believe me he’ll regret that decision very quickly.” John managed to offer a soft smile as he continued; “But spoiler alert, this is a very shorth and temporary thing. Very soon they’ll get back together and Frodo realizes he can’t possible go on without Sam by his side.”
John couldn't stop his eyes from widening in surprise after that statement. Yes he knew Sherlock had been an addict, but he’d had no idea that the man had still been in the middle of it when they first met. What a poor doctor he was, he hadn't even noticed that Sherlock was still using when they’d first started living together.
“How’s your shoulder?” Sherlock asked in a low voice. It was a stupid question he knew. It was obvious John was still in much pain, but he couldn’t help but ask.
As if sensing John’s discomfort, Sherlock caught his eyes and smiled softly before leaning down to plant a soft kiss on a tan cheek.
“Oh John there you are dearie, welcome home.” The elderly woman said warmly and threw her arms out as she walked closer to embrace the good doctor.
WARNING! This chapter contains date rape drugs and attempted rape (NOT I repeat NOT completed rape). It is a very delicate and sensitive subject to write about and I have (luckily) no experience with date rape drugs myself or know anyone who has so this is written purely from my own imagination of how this might happen. If anyone is not comfortable with this, please stop reading as of now.
John gently picked up the young boy, who in return wrapped his arms tightly around the Doctor’s neck. John stroked his back soothingly.
The helicopter quickly turned it’s attached spotlight on and directed it at the point of impact where the two men had entered the water. Lestrade, Mycroft and several other police officers ran to the edge of the harbour, the armed ones aiming their weapons at the water, ready to fire if needed.
John couldn’t help but enjoy how Donovan's and Anderson's faces grew even redder with embarrassment and left both of them speechless for a couple of moments.
“I know you’ve been trying to hide it Sherlock, but believe it or not I’m perfectly capable of observing when it regards the health and well-being of my own boyfriend. You’ve been rubbing your eyes more and more frequently in the last week, you only spend half the time at the microscope as you usually do, you’ve started squinting whenever you’re sitting at the computer, read through a casefile or your forensic science magazine and lately you’ve been popping far more painkillers for your headaches than is medically recommended. I therefor deduce.. You are definitely not fine.” John finished these observations, waiting for a response, expecting a rant of protests coming his way shortly.
“John.. I don’t believe anything I say or do will ever be able to express how grateful I am to you. You risked your life to save me and I see now I was a fool for ever doubting your love and devotion to my little brother. I am forever in your debt.” Mycroft said with a sincerity he’d never thought himself capable of ever possessing, meaning every word.
It was late when Ethan finally locked himself into his flat. Sorting through all those files had been a freaking nightmare and he just wanted to go to sleep and forget this awful day had ever happened. As he entered the door however he almost had a heart attack when he spotted a black suited man, sitting in his armchair with his legs crossed and twirling an umbrella in his right hand, looking as if he’d been waiting patiently for him to return home.
Lestrade had now joined and were also kneeling by John’s side. “John maybe you shou..” But he didn’t get to finish his sentence.
“It’s Bad.” John admitted simply, for the first time since Sherlock had known him. “I hate to admit it, but we might have to swing by the hospital and have them issue a low dose morphine prescription for me.”
Dimmock leaned just a slight tad closer to the American, his eyes fitting him with a hard glare. “Well it bloody hell is now! And I want this done by tonight. Have I made myself clear Mr. Davis?”
“I thought she loved me and now I look like a bloody idiot in front of the entire Scotland Yard. I’m the bastard who cheated on his wife only to be dumped by the woman he cheated with. Now everybody hates me and thinks it’s what I deserve, while she lives out her new romance. I guess that’s karma for you.” Anderson finished, his eyes once again breaking away from John’s. “I don’t even get why you came over, I thought you’d hate me most of all.”
Just then a young man climbed through the fence at the end of the alley. He may have been young, but he wasn’t small of stature. The teen had broad shoulders and a compact, muscular body. The boy stopped as he stepped through the gap and saw a gathering of men, all watching him sharply. The tension of his body was impossible to miss as he saw the police issued firearms two of the younger looking men were obviously carrying.
When Lestrade is kidnapped Sherlock works hard to bring him back safely, fearing he'll never get to express his gratefulness for all the times the DI has been there for him
Suddenly the entire scene erupted into action as several gunshots echoed through the night followed by a few moments of palpable silence. Finally, the officer’s in charge walkie-talkie sounded, signalling an incoming message. The officer picked up immediately;
The lights in the lobby started to blink indicating the near beginning of tonight’s concert and letting people know to start finding their way to their seats.
I apologize that there probably are several mistakes in here and as you also might have noticed, commas aren’t my strong suit either. I hope it hasn’t been too bad though and that you all enjoyed this last chapter :)
Not many words were exchanged between the two. They found no need for words and let their actions speak for themselves, much like the actions their friends had taken today when that despicable man had insulted John in the worst way.
The rest of the was spent in lazy content. Sherlock had played his violin for some time, updated his website on tobacco ashes and started a few new experiments involving acids different reaction patterns on various surfaces and textiles. John had spent his day writing up their case and updated it to his blog, sorted through some paperwork that had mounted up from his clinic hours and even dug out some of his old jumpers he no longer wore, to let Sherlock experiment on. The smile Sherlock had offered him had been payment enough and John had felt his heart swell as he watched his detective study the test samples intensively. He’d however soon forced himself to look away. Lately he’d found himself staring more and more at Sherlock. John had grown incredibly aware of how everything Sherlock did, he did with beauty. Whether it being parading around a crime scene being brilliant or when played his violin or as now, when he was bent over his microscope working on his experiments. John doubted Sherlock knew, but whenever he was this deeply involved in his research his tongue would peak out just ever so slightly at the corner of his mouth and it was the most ridiculously adorable thing John had ever witnessed in his life.
John could visibly see how Sherlock immediately tensed up as the two walked towards them. He too could feel the anger slowly rise inside himself. John had come to dislike Donovan and Anderson just as much and possible even more than Sherlock. They always meant trouble. But the very
Another wave of hot white pain hit the doctor. The hand, currently grasping his bare, left shoulder in a desperately tight grip tightened, if possible, even further and John couldn’t help letting of a small cry of pain this time around. Normally these painful incidents didn’t last long enough to grow this painful, normally a pair of long pale hands would come to his rescue and, without him even asking, gently massage and kneed his tense muscles around the wound into relaxation, before the pain got to unbearable. They would continue to do so even long after the pain had subsided completely, then move to John’s neck and slowly work their way downwards until their owner was one hundred percent sure that the back underneath his elegant, slender, yet strong fingers was ridden of all its stiffness and knots. Those hands would then, gently push his body down for his head to lie in a soft, awaiting lap and then soothingly comb through his dark blond hair, silently banishing all the traumatic flashbacks that would haunt his mind and the handsome face of the owner would smile softly down at him while filling the silence with comforting words.
Sherlock and John had assisted the Yard for the past two weeks in closing down a widespread and complex drug ring in London, which hadn’t hesitated to murder in order to keep up business. The case had been long and gruelling to say the least and had especially taken a large toll on Lestrade who’d had his chief breathing down his neck, pressuring for results. The poor D.I had hardly slept the past two weeks and it had started to show. When they finally succeeded in bringing down the ring and arrest all associated, Greg was demanded to write up his full report right away. Greg had looked ready to drop at that point so John and Sherlock had offered to stay as well to help finishing the task. It was against protocol, but Greg gladly accepted the help. By now it was early morning and all three men looked forward to some much deserved rest.
“Yeah Sherlock! It’s me I’m right here love! It’s okay, it’s okay. You’re safe now.” John answered. He looked over the form of his lover and took in his ripped shirt, bite marks and hickeys down the side of his pale neck and chest and his black pants that were still hanging down past his hips. John had to supress the once again rising fury and urge to go back to the man and finish what he started as he realised what would have happened if he’d been only a few minutes later.
Sherlock was furious as he stomped up the stairs closely followed by an exhausted as well as exasperated John, who had to halt at the top of the stairs as his boyfriend slammed the door shut after himself and right in the doctor’s face. John sighed and mentally prepared himself for an evening filled with sulking and silent treatment before he opened the door and walked inside the flat. Sherlock had already slumped in his leather chair. His back was resting against one armrest and his long legs thrown over the other. His arms were crossed and his face was an angry sulking mask. His mud covered coat and blue scarf had been thrown carelessly to the floor upon entry. John had no doubts that it would end up being he who’d have to wash and hang them later.
John then quickly dropped to the floor and faced Daniel. “Daniel buddy, look at me, look at me. You have to calm down a bit, try and focus on breathing. Come on.” John gently grasped both of the boy’s arms and raised them over his head to give his lungs more room to expand. “Come on now Daniel, together with me – breath in.” John inhaled deeply and Daniel tried to match the best he could. “And out..” John said and followed it with the action, again Daniel did it as well as possible. They repeated the same procedure a few times, Daniel’s breathing easing up a bit now that he wasn’t hyperventilating in panic and a having a calm presence to ground him.
“I’m not sure. Maybe.. It feels like a draft coming from that wall over here.. Strange.” John muttered as he neared the wall.
While John talked outside the woman turned to Sherlock and asked a series of questions regarding his eyes and his current symptoms.
“Nonsense my friend! You’re my guests tonight and afterwards I must insist we go out to celebrate this long awaited reunion, I will not take no for an answer.”
Sherlock felt like a stone had been lifted from his conscious, having the air cleared between them had felt better than he thought and he was happy Molly didn’t seem to take the hit too hard.
This wasn’t really intended to be this long, but it just seemed like this fic took a life on its own and once I’d begun I just couldn’t stop again. I’m actually really happy with how it turned out so I hope you all will be too. Warning for past drug use and a lot of angst, but don’t worry!! I weighed all the angst out with tons of fluff as well. Hope you like it.
John quickly establish, that this is the scene where Frodo sends Sam away after being manipulated by Gollum into believing he’s not trustworthy.
“I know you believe that, but it isn’t true. If you do this you’ll leave behind a lot of people who’ll miss you.”
“Of course, consider me your very own personal assistants for as long as you need.” Sherlock says, hoping his words are reassuring.
“Damn, you sure are a fine piece of ass. What’s your name sugar?” John asked as he laid his one arm on the bar and the other resting against the woman’s seat, making her feel trapped as he leaned in closer. He licked his lips for good measure.
John grabbed the remote and paused the movie so he could focus on figuring out why this scene had caused Sherlock so much misery. He turned back to the man and gave his shoulder a comforting squeeze as he tried to explain. “Well.. Frodo is confused and have been convinced by Gollum that Sam isn’t as good a man, or you know hobbit, as he thought him to be.”
“Sherlock I always prayed our paths would cross again someday, how are you? I sure hope you’ve kept up your violin play, you were so incredibly talented.”
“Well then stop just standing there like a moron, move it!” She looked up throughout the room “and all of you back to work, we don’t have time for slacking off!” Sally barked and marched back into her office, failing to notice how several of the surrounding officers fitted her with glares and shaking heads.
Sherlock to help him out. He always felt weak when his wound would act up, leaving him gasping and winching and
Dexter was one of his main informants on the streets, the boy had been part of the network since he was 20 and now having just turned 28. He knew practically everybody and had wide connections throughout the city. He was a good lad, everybody on the street trusted him and confided in him. That’s why Sherlock had chosen him as a sort of union representative for his homeless network and trusted him with the knowledge of the emergency key to Bakerstreet, so both he and John could be reached in emergencies. John was luckily very supportive of Sherlock’s effort to offer the homeless a sort of security with their ‘open door offer’ and Bakerstreet had often opened up as a free clinic for the homeless in need. Often John also brought his carryon med-kit, like the one he’d used in the army, and patrolled through the streets of London together with Sherlock offering medical treatment and basic necessities to various homeless. They did it more often during the winter months. occasionally resulting in the expansion of their network and some very grateful people.
“I need to get out of here. Just.. Get me out.” John murmured, a hint of desperation now underlying his voice. Lestrade and Sherlock shared a look of understanding and Greg wrapped his own arms around John to help the detective.
Mrs. Hudson’s face fell slightly as she heard Sherlock broken beg. She reached out a hand and cupped her boy’s face softly. “Oh dearie, I’m sorry I scared you. But I’m okay, really. I promise I’ll take it easy today and when John get home I’ll let him look me over but let’s not worry him while at work.” She agreed softly and stoked her thumb across a sharp cheekbone in a motherly fashion.
John felt a pang of sympathy for the guy. It’d always been more of less obvious, that Anderson had been good and well on Sally’s hook. She’d always been the one to call the shots in their romance. John would never approve of Anderson’s decision to cheat on his wife with Sally, but everyone on the force knew the man had divorced his wife to be with Sally 6 months earlier. And here she was, having moved on with another man without second thought and Anderson left behind looking more and more like a kicked and unwanted puppy.
Hence why they now stood gathered around a table, drinks in hand, in the middle of a softly lit bar with a dozen other yarders around them laughing and having a good time. Sherlock and John joined in the laughter as Lestrade enthusiastically retold a story form when he’d first joined the force, long before reaching the position of DI.
“What happened love?” Sherlock whispered gently has his hands began to gently rub John’s tense back in a comforting way.
Sherlock snarled the last word, ending his rant. He’d been so absorbed in his outburst of anger that he’d started pacing halfway through and now found himself standing in front of the window with his back facing the doctor, his breathing heavy. He thought he would feel better after taking out his frustrations on John, but that wasn’t the case. Actually he felt as his chest started to clench painfully with guilt.. That had been too harsh he realised immediately.. Even for him and he knew it. He hadn’t meant any of those things he’d just said, but his anger had been so blinding his mouth had just run its own course. Still that was no valid excuse.. This was a bit not good.
Irene looks them over, nervously looking for any small detail she can find to hopefully impress her dad, “the heels are more worn out... so they would usually apply more pressure to their heels. Which means... um... well, I don’t think they would often run anywhere, even if they got ready in a rush. Otherwise I think the front of the shoe would be more worn,” she throws the shoe back.
Now Sherlock watches Irene A leave, slightly shocked, and stares at the spot The Woman was for a long while after until John taps him on the shoulder, apparently having not seen the kiss, and the intricate family leaves the crime scene together.
“No, but Stacy does! She- she lied when she said she doesn’t have any p- pets, she has a poodle,” Irene fiddles with her sweating hands, looking around the room, analysing everyone. This is what she has to do. Stacy looks at Irene, confused, “and Peter has a budgie, and someone in his family bakes bread,” she continues to look around as the muttering gets louder, “and Alyssa only has one parent that she lives with,” Irene is about to say more when the teacher stops her.
“But Daddy, if you both go, me and Jim will be all alone at home. And you know what happens when siblings are left alone together,” Irene looks at Jim, who starts slowly backing away.
“Lestrade?” John continues to talk, then is humming in reply to some things until finally the phone on the other side hangs up. John gives Sherlock his phone back, “they’ve found the body you were looking for.”
“Well, I didn’t need your help! You just took over!” shouts Jim, running over to the door to get away from Irene. Irene pokes her tongue out at him, and he does the same back.
Irene sits at her desk, staring at the teacher. The teacher is a female married to a man, however she’s only been married a short amount of time. She lives down the road from the school, and has a long haired German shepherd dog. She’s been a teacher for a few years, but this is her first time teaching year ones.
“So?” he says, and walks out the door. Immediately, he walks back in, “actually no, it’s late, let’s do it tomorrow.”
“Okay,” Sherlock murmurs, looking at the two siblings carefully. Jim has his hands in the pockets of his jeans, and is looking out the window. Casual enough. Irene has her arm hooked around Jim’s, and she looks determined.
“Because this is where Dad found the shoe, duh,” says Irene. Sherlock looks at her, then after a moment, he smirks, both at Irene and John. Just then a phone starts ringing.
“No, Sherlock. We don’t want our son’s friend’s dad dead!” says John. Sherlock is about to speak again, but he notices someone following behind, and he spins around. It’s Zack again.
Dad lately?” says Irene, looking closely at Sherlock down the hall with his dishevelled hair and tired eyes.
The next body has been left with two different shoes at Ladbroke Grove. Sherlock carefully looks at each shoe, and every inch of the body—a laundry worker.
,” says John forcefully. They are standing around in the waiting room of the artificial insemination clinic, waiting for someone.
“You were right, John. You get something worse. You get Irene,” Sherlock continues. John is about to yell at him when Sherlock calls out again, “Irene, honey, come on out. Whilst I admire your passion, don’t you think you’re just a little bit too young to be murdering
“Yes,” says Sherlock. John gives him a look, and Sherlock raises his eyebrows in a way of saying, ‘what?’.
“Oh and by the way, if you take too long, I think I will kill them. And dump them at Piccadilly Circus. The next victims,” Irene A says casually, “because I do like mini me, but sometimes she can be a little bit annoying, you know?”
“What?” Jim says, looking at Irene for a second, but then following her gaze and staring at the door again.
After a few minutes, Jim comes back with another white choc-chip cookie. Irene steals a bit of it again, and eats it, pretending that she got the tastier part of the cookie. Jim stares at Irene angrily, and Irene gives him a smug smile.
“Irene Adler, correct?” Irene Watson asks the lady at the door, the address crumpled in her hand, sweaty and barely readable.
Sherlock looks at his daughter, impressed, “that’s right. It’s a clue. They want me to find them before they kill their captive.”
They arrive at an old abandoned building, and Sherlock swiftly walks inside stepping over the loose planks of wood with nails sticking out from the sides, John trailing behind. Sherlock suddenly stops somewhere, and looks up.
kid?” John looks at Sherlock, “Alright, fine. You can fertilise Mary’s egg this time, but don’t go blaming me when they turn out to be a wanted murderer one day.”
“And I would expect you can figure it out. After all, you are the cleverest of them all,” says Irene A mockingly.
When they arrive, they can’t find any bodies or shoes yet, but Sherlock gets some of the people in his homeless network to help out. According to the shoe, the next victim is a businessman. Sherlock takes note that so far only males have been killed and/or kidnapped. A small clue as to who the murderer is.
“What? Oh my god, that- that’s-” John stutters, talking on his phone. Sherlock looks up, interested in what the problem might be, “and they just found her—on the sofa with a cup of tea? My god, that’s terrible!”
“John, no. Either you come and we leave the kids at home to kill each other, or you come and bring the kids too,” says Sherlock.
“Aren’t you going to try and do it? Won’t that be more fun?” Irene A says, giving Sherlock some kind of puppy eyes.
When John does this, he must have stepped on some kind of trigger, as an old curtain rises next to Irene A, dust engulfing the room. Up on a platform is Irene and Jim Watson, hands tied together by some rope and mouths stuffed with thick material.
“It’s alright, Irene,” says Sherlock before Irene or John can say anything more, and then he adds, “thank you.”
“That’s the thing... these shoes don’t give me a hint of where the bodies will be found, they just tell me what kind of person the victim is,” Sherlock replies, looking up at the sky, where the sun is now fully visible.
They’re back at their house. Irene is buttering toast for lunch, her eyes introspective, and Jim is trying to make tea again. Irene has bet that Jim will spill boiling water all over himself again, and he’ll have burn wounds for a month. Sherlock is busy trying to figure out where the next person will be taken from, and where their body will be dumped, and John is helping him. Well, he’s just sitting there, putting in the occasional comment.
“John, they’re perfectly capable of taking care of themselves,” says Sherlock, looking back at their seven and ten year-old who are holding each other tightly.
“Daddy, I was literally wearing this outside half an hour ago! Also, I have a jacket on!” Irene replies.
“Oh, thanks,” he says, “but Irene, I know you’ll make friends, because if I wasn’t your brother, I’d wanna be your friend. You’re really smart, and I guess you’re sort of pretty too, and I know you’re usually nice to people who aren’t me, so I’m sure people will like you and befriend you.”
“He wasn’t killed here, you idiot,” replies Sherlock, “there’s a large wound right here on his chest. Fresh. Would have bled a lot, wouldn’t it? So then why is there only a small spot of blood on the ground? Well it’s quite obvious, isn’t it? He wasn’t killed
Sherlock laughs, “look at me; do I look normal? If you wanted ‘normal’ so bad, why’d you marry me?” John sighs, putting on the last of his ‘manly’ clothes.
“Did they? How did the police find it before me—?” sighs Sherlock, “Alright, where is it?” John gives him the address, and they catch a taxi there.
“No, we’ll just get Mrs Hudson to look after you like we used to. Oh...” John realises what he’s said too late, and looks at the ground sadly.
“What?” Zack takes his hand away from his head for a half a second, but then flinches and places it back there.
“Well, I’m Sherlock’s daughter, and I was just wondering if you’d like to... help me plan a... crime of a sort? One for my dad to solve,” Irene W asks slowly.
Irene is about to say more, but Sherlock tries to speak over the top of her, “and they just had to go outside just before they were kidnapped.”
Once he’s done, he pushes John out of bed, who, grumbling, and with some protest, starts getting ready too.
“I’m sorry, Dad, Daddy... I- Dad, you said you were bored because you didn’t have a case for ages, and so I wanted to help! I- I didn’t actually kill anyone, th- that was the other Irene, but- I- I’m sorry...” Irene W sobs, hugging her dads tighter as Jim joins in the hug.
“What? What’s wrong with your face now?” Sherlock says, an eyebrow raised, “but anyway, I do hope you realise that ghosts can’t babysit, John.”
“Erm, he, um, went to get another cookie,” Irene explains, gripping the edge of her purple and black skirt tightly.
“Dad, why are there two shoes? Is it a hint?” Jim asks. Sherlock stands up, and hands both shoes to John, who awkwardly holds them.
“They’re in a rush. Maybe to get to school? Not all schools have specific uniformed shoes,” Irene suggests.
“What? Oh, well there’s no need to look for Jim when Irene’s already found him,” Sherlock looks up, and there’s Irene dragging her little brother over towards them. John walks over to him.
“Oh. That’s a bit disappointing, but alright,” Irene A walks over to the kids and unties them. Irene W quickly gets up and runs over to her dads, hugging them, her eyes red-rimmed and damp.
“Sherlock, there’s a note here!” John calls, pointing to a small tag attached to the body. Sherlock picks it up and reads it; ‘Piccadilly Circus’. Sherlock looks at Irene who is reading the note over Sherlock’s shoulder.
from something,” Sherlock puts the shoe away, “John, I think we might just have a client coming soon.” John looks at Sherlock, surprised, but Sherlock can tell he’s excited. They haven’t had any case in a while.
And out steps a woman, the graffitied arch she’s standing under acting as a frame for her complexion. A woman with a slender face, red lipstick, long legs, and a coat wrapped around her body. No, this wasn’t
“There are some very nice people in London,” Jim nods, then stuffs the cookie in his mouth. Irene sneaks over and snaps some of the still exposed cookie off, and starts eating it.
“Sorry about that,” says Sherlock. He gets up, and leans down the be face-to-face with John. Slowly, Sherlock moves closer to kiss him. John loves his husband, Sherlock, no matter how much of an egotistical sociopath he is, and even if he only kissed John to make John forgive him. And Sherlock loves John, no matter how much of an idiotic psycho-loving war doctor he is.
“I would say the angle suggests that they fell. Not in the mud,” Sherlock turns the shoe over, “and then they quickly tried to get up again.”
“Alright, but I think I should read it first... in private,” Sherlock indicates for John to leave, but instead he stands there, looking flabbergasted.
obvious,” Irene snarls, and then in a friendlier tone, she continues, “and after Dad said there should be a clue as to where the next body is going to be, there was a note on the next one. Because I told Jim to tell Irene to do that whilst he went and brought Alex’s dad back from Irene.”
“Now, let’s find some tracks and we’ll be able to find where the victims are taken to to be killed,” Sherlock starts looking at the ground, his eyes searching.
“We found it!” Irene exclaims, running back to where she was before. She points at a scrape in the dirt nearby some uprooted plants. All signs of a victim struggling to get away from someone who is dragging them away. Sherlock looks closer at it.
“Around us, yes,” says Sherlock. Sherlock abruptly stands up and looks out the window to their front yard, “our children are gone.”
“You really are very slow, Lestrade. Obviously there’ll be another one. Why else would they leave a random shoe lying around?”
“Sorry Sherlock, but I’m working. Besides, you shouldn’t have brought your kids with you,” Lestrade snaps.
“No you’re not, nothing else to do here besides take the body over to get an autopsy,” Sherlock hands him some money to go buy food, “now, chop chop. We won’t be needing you until they take their next victim.”
Jim looks up from his drawing, “she’s a weirdo,” he says. John glares at him and he quickly diverts his eyes back to his drawing of a corpse. He gets up and takes his drawing into the lounge room where Sherlock is lying on the couch, staring at the roof.
“A murder?” Sherlock says eagerly after John hangs up. John seems to be having trouble opening his mouth, but finally he does, and manages to splutter out some words.
“Y-yes, I am. Zack Huckabee,” Zack clutches his head, “and you’re one of Jim’s dads, right? Sherlock Watson?”
“Alright, sure,” Sherlock starts eating his food quicker, and when he’s done, he goes outside, and a few minutes later, he returns with a shoe. He hands it to Irene, “you can go first.”
“Dad, look,” he says, handing him the picture. Sherlock looks at it. He seems irritated for a second, but then smooths his facial expression.
After a little bit, Sherlock has their houses marked out clearly on a map on the computer. John looks at it, “they’re forming a circle...”
Sherlock wakes up, and starts getting ready. He doesn’t care if this case is going to be boring, it’s still his first case in months, and he wants to enjoy it.
Watson? We did not agree on this!” John seems surprisingly calm, his anger strained, although inside he’s probably screaming.
“Didn’t I say they don’t often run anywhere? I doubt they would just go out for a jog,” Irene looks at John like he’s an idiot for a second, and then goes back to observing the shoe, “there are scuff marks on the side, did they scrape their foot along something? Did they trip?” Irene looks up and hands the shoe back.
“What?” John says. You’d think after all of these years he would be able to comprehend at least some of what Sherlock said. But apparently not all the time.
“I can’t believe you made me wear it,” John shakes his head, “all I wanted was a normal wedding where I dressed like a normal person. Normal.”
Irene Adler is leaving, but she turns in the direction of Sherlock first, beckoning him over. He squishes out of the hug and over to her.
John looks up again, squeezes his eyes shut tight, then opens them again, “right. Well I’ll just stay with you guys now, then.”
“Oh, wow... so my biological dad is a sociopath, my biological mum is an ex-assasin, and I’m named after a dominatrix and extortionist...” Irene says, staring into the distance, “that- that’s really great.”
“Alright then...” says John, and the family walks out the door to go and check out the next dead body.
“We don’t know how he woulda been killed here,” says Lestrade, “there’s no possible way we can find.”
“So, we’re looking for a place where it’s muddy, to start off with,” says Sherlock, putting on his jacket, “then we’ll find tracks that match the shoes and go from there.”
“Her name is Amy. Do you have a dog too?” asks the teacher kindly. Irene shakes her head, still sweating from nerves.
Irene puts the purple headband onto her head, so it stands out against her long, curly black hair. She stuffs her notebook into her bag and runs downstairs, “I’m gonna go solve the murder down the street.”
Sherlock turns to John and crosses his arm, “what do you get when you mix an assassin and a Sherlock?”
“Dad, my friend, Alex, said his dad was going to this park the other day for work or something,” Jim muses.
Sherlock sighs and gives up, walking away, “he would’ve been better off dead, you know? Then I could’ve gotten a proper look at his head.”
“If you don’t know how I do it, you’re all obviously idiots!” Irene yells, her face red, and then she stands up and storms out of the classroom.
“But if we just take you, then Jim will be alone, and he’s only seven,” John says, trying to remain calm, but internally freaking out.
John watches the two bicker away, like two attention craving seagulls, as he laughs softly, and Jim glances up at him, smiling.
“Irene, what did you do to your brother?” Sherlock looks up. Irene struggles to stop the urge to giggle.
Sherlock checks to see that John still isn’t in the room, and then he begins to cover the ‘Sherlock’ part of her name with a permanent marker. Just then, John bursts into the room and grabs the marker off Sherlock.
“Where are we going?” John asks. A small hand clutches onto John’s, and he grips it, helping Jim keep up.
They stop in the middle of the street, and Sherlock looks around, before exclaiming, “Oh, of course. I’m an idiot! Back to plan A with the mud.”
