Now Sherlock was acting quite the same. Mycroft had told John once
"John..." Sherlock changed his position on the bed, imitating John's, placing both knees in the mattress. "Remove this." He purred, pulling at John's cardigan. John took it off with a sigh and tossed to a side of the bed. "Your shirt, too."
"John, I just arrived at Bart’s now, got to go. Let me know if anything happens." And with that, Sherlock hung up, a little smirk dancing on his face.
"I did, Sherlock... did you?"
"In my mind palace, yes."
As always, thanks to my dear beta
"Thank you!" he said, "I get that a lot lately..."
“I’m still waiting, you know,” John said, his voice barely above a whisper, conscious of the 60 decibels. He closed the toilet lid and sat on it, resting his elbows on his knees. He and Sherlock weren’t physically close in their positions, but John felt as if they were touching and it burned. He fought the need to sit further away.
sent at 15:05.
"Can I ask now, why were you awake?"
. I talked to you... oh my God, I can't believe it..." Sherlock's frown got deeper if possible. The young man continued, "I could recognise that voice anywhere! Man..." he got closer and lowered his voice "I've been dreaming about that voice and that face for weeks...!"
The doctor also needed to think. He was tempted to go over Sherlock and touch him, just touch him. But he controlled his urges, he noticed that he was content with only looking. He looked and watched at the taller man, he observed and absorbed, taking in every curl, every finger, every toe, the muscles over his shoulder, the firm ankles, the carved jaw, the concentrated frown.
There was no signal of sexual arousal. Nothing at all. Sherlock became even a little worried. So, hurriedly, he closed his eyes and evoked the sensations from last night again. His mind went to a slumber state, to his mind palace, and there it was all again. The dream from weeks ago, John's incredible hands, John's soothing voice... he remained immobile for who knows how long. In his mind could have been minutes or hours. It mattered very little.
He knew he would punch any another bloke badmouthing about Sherlock without a second thought
John giggled shortly at that.
With Sherlock’s guidance and fast-talking, they went over the facts for more than half an hour; she reckoned how Elsie had been secretive for these past few weeks, getting up to go to the bathroom in the middle of the night more often than usual, coming back home twenty minutes later than she used to as well. Then she told them about the personal changes she had noticed in herself, how she had been waking up with a sour taste in her mouth and how she’d been thirsty most of the time.
"Dunno what you said, Lestrade but I didn't like it..." Sherlock tried to spell out. His attempt at glaring only made Lestrade laugh harder.
the glowing rabbit.
things when I hear your voice now..." Armand then moved Sherlock's hand to his chest, in a similar way Sherlock had done with John before. There, he could feel a rapid heartbeat. He also noted that Armand's pupils were dilated and his breathing rate had increased considerably.
since the case was pretty much solved by now.
There was a small pause and Sherlock moved his hand tentatively towards John’s across the table. He noticed John getting tense and making a little gesture as if to take his hand away. Sherlock just moved his thumb over John’s knuckles twice and moved his hand away first instead.
Sherlock turned to leave and Molly couldn't help her tears. She inhaled shakily as Sherlock took off scarf, coat, jacket, shirt and trousers. Underneath he had an uniform, similar to Molly's. Some movements later, all of his clothes were inside a big black bag. He left it on the floor and turned to Molly.
When they both got to a desolated place, Sherlock eyed everywhere, then loosed his scarf and put it inside his coat pocket. John was still confused. Sherlock lifted an eyebrow to him "We just need to get some attention."
"Imagine you doing what?"
“Oh, you’re gonna pay for this,” John said, amused once again at Sherlock’s quick change in demeanour. He was now the smug, flirty William Scott. “Can’t believe I’m going to say this. This never happened, alright? You have two minutes to give me a reason to touch your arse, before…” He made a gesture to the computer, “before the thirty minutes of the session are over.”
“I’ve no idea what you’re talking about.”
After a couple of seconds of stare holding, it was Phillip's phone turn to ring. Smiling an apology, he checked the receiver and answered "Sebastian."
Sherlock stood nose to nose with Inspector Martin lifting his hand to knock on the open door.
After the shower John felt pretty much as new. He took his seat on his armchair in front of Sherlock's and sipped his tea. He really didn't feel as reading the newspaper that waited for him on the coffee table. He didn't want to do anything. Soon he found himself liking more the view in front. His eyes danced along the tall figure on the leather chair. He saw how Sherlock’s toes tapped the carpet below, pale eyes moving along the pages of the book on his lap, the hand that held the cup and rested on the wide armrest of the black chair. There was a rebel curl that fell over his forehead, and the dim light gave him a ghost-like aura. Sherlock seemed ethereal, as if he was made of smoke. John noticed how at first Sherlock's breathing was calm, slow and steady. But after a couple of minutes, he saw how the buttons in his chest threatened to pop open any time as his breathing became deeper.
"Correct."
"Mycroft knew we were coming here. Since he wanted us out of the case..." Sherlock said walking and jogging a bit to Lestrade, taking his phone from his hand. "Brother, dear!" He started, his serious expression being replaced by a tight grin. Lestrade's hand was still on his ear, surprised at the action of the taller detective, "I'm just here as the consultant detective, now please, go worry yourself about a nuclear war and let me do my job? Thank you!" John giggled silently and shook his head. Lestrade frowned, his face contorted between a laugh and a cry. "Oh!" Sherlock continued, "And I'm
That same nervousness made her arrive ten minutes early.
“I washed my hands at the clinic with another soap.”
,” to Mrs Hudson, then he yawned and he was out. After dealing with the mouse, John had secretly tried to lift the table. He could do it one-handed too, but his arm had trembled under the weight.
Sherlock giggled. His palms were a bit sweaty by now and his back felt like jelly. He was relaxed but oddly nervous at the same time.
"This case..." he said, pointing his index finger to the table, "has the potential of exposing a whole new group of drug dealers. It may even be an international case. If we fail this, we might have nothing at the end to proceed with. You already exposed one of my men to the police. He's on prison now and they are asking questions. I have people working on the matter before he really talks."
He let his breath go almost inaudibly through his mouth when John kneaded right in the middle of his thighs, pressing firmly.
**..**
drink tea!” Rosie scolded one of the stuffed animals.
“What… who…?”
He couldn't stop. He analysed everything and he thought he might be hours doing the same. He sighed deeply when he realised his eyes were itching. He blinked a couple of times to get rid of the feeling and his eyes flew back to Sherlock's. The detective had a lost glance, now lost somewhere at his stomach and legs and then Sherlock looked back up again, meeting John's eyes for some other moment.
"Morning." John's voice was barely a whisper and he cleared his throat.
"It was just a little, John... nothing to be worried about." After a little pause he added, "It was completely necessary."
"Sherlock?"
"Not now... Sherlock. I'll make you keep your word, though."
“Why?” Sherlock asked, Martin’s hand still close to his face.
Sherlock sighed and closed his eyes, a smile crossing his lips. "People tend to lose their composure over such trivial matters, John. They asked for it in the first place, and if their friendship is strong enough, this should be no more than nothing."
, you’re so insightful, dear. I really appreciate all the knowledge you share with me!
"And you were talking to him?"
"The folder
There was a hand moving down his chest to his forming erection. He didn't want it, but he couldn't help it.
Sherlock opened the exit door and waited for John to go through, he was waving an awkward goodbye to Lestrade and Amanda, who was silently trying to fight her tears.
“Unjustified?”
"Sherlock…" John got closer to his companion and made a gesture tilting his head, making the taller man to follow a couple of meters away from Amanda and Lestrade. Sherlock still held a photograph in his hand, but he walked away with John. "It's bloody obvious. Don't tell me you didn't notice it."
"I said... nothing. You were talking to John..." Molly glanced around the lab. "Isn't he on a trip to the Netherlands?"
"Sherlock!" John gave a little laugh. "I get it already."
"It was obvious; he divorced that same year, at the end of that class. He had way too many photographs of that particular generation, even if he was a university teacher for about, what… ten, fifteen years? There were too many, John, like a trophy, surely what those meant to a man like him." Sherlock looked away and repeated, whispering with disgust '
"You know, John, when sleeping on your right side, your snoring is less-" he turned around as he spoke, he saw John's exasperated face and Lestrade's amused one. "Oh."
Phillip was right about what he said the last time they were here '
Original text from James Baldwin's "Giovanni's room":
"Yeah... if things got too crowded with the guys here, and you kids fighting, I rather come alone."
"What?"
John stepped into the flat only to find it completely dark. It was nearly eleven p.m. and he had just arrived from his shift at the hospital. Today was his last day replacing the paediatrician and he was exhausted, but happy. He saw lots of children today and enjoyed seeing how happy and normal their lives were; their only worry was the flu. The last time he’d treated kids was back in Afghanistan; all of them badly injured due to gunshots, bombs, hit by cars, even. Today with all of the kids he was constantly reminded of one little boy there, whose parents were never found. The boy stayed with them for about four days and took to calling the soldiers taking care of him
"What?" she asked in disbelief.
"This wouldn't be permanent. I'm not going to take your child from you, John. There is going to come a time where you will want her back, need her back. If Clara says it's alright, we'll look after her until then."
All the other groups were relieved to learn that the famous Sherlock Holmes was chosen to attend Camp Redwood. Sherlock Holmes was the popular/feared boy at school; Sherlock was a nineteen-year-old boy who smoked cigarettes and created mischief. The highly functioning sociopath was famous due to his nonstop deductions that gave him a victimizing ambient that created the most heartless bully in school.
“Consulting criminal. Brilliant.”
The Alpha made the effort of looking at John and continuing with his deductions. “Obviously, your face is tanned but there’s no tan above the wrists — you’ve been abroad but not sunbathing. That suggests the original circumstances of the injury on your left shoulder is probably traumatic since you favored your right shoulder to carry me on.”
The touch was so
Lestrade faced Anderson. “Shut up, Anderson! Turn your back!”
The detective continued on. “Somewhere in this street, somewhere near. I don’t know where, but…”
Jim stood behind John. “Do you know what happens if you don’t leave me alone, Sherlock? To you?”
Angelo shook John’s hand and handed the blond and Sherlock a menu. “Anything on the menu, whatever you want, it’s free. On the house, for you and your date.”
“A book is like a magic garden, carried in your pocket. Chinese proverb, Mr Watson.”
Sherlock shrugged. “You know what I do. Off you go.”
“Upstairs.”
Sherlock sneered at the group of people below shouting in victory, “Pathetic idiots.”
John thought for a second. “
Also, literally everyone in this chapter ships John and Sherlock really hard.
Sherlock faced the D.I., “You’re lying about the genocide part.”
Sherlock looked at the mantelpiece and noticed something was missing. “Mrs. Hudson took my skull.”
In a split second, the horses took a sharp turn.
John gave a heartwarming smile that made Sherlock’s heart palpitate faster than his normal heart rate.
Sherlock felt himself convulsing for a bit; since this was his first orgasm, Sherlock needed a few minutes to compose himself before he returned to his prior façade. Sherlock looked down at his limp cock and sickly twisted his neck around, smiling psychotically and licking his lips. Sherlock ran his slender fingers through his raven curls and chuckled to himself while stuffing his drained cock inside his trousers.
“Yes. I just needed a word to capture your attention. Sherlock, what the hell is happening to you? Ever since that encounter with what’s his name?”
The little boy on the phone stopped counting, “
“You know, after working together for about three centuries, you still can’t come up with a better insult than freak?”
John was speed walking home, he seriously regretted coming here and irritating the man, of course, how wouldn’t he be angry if he nearly broke Sherlock’s nose. He checked the street before crossing but he missed the tall form running as fast a cheetah past him and placing himself in front of John. John instantaneously ran into the man’s broad chest and fell back, meeting the ground. He hit the concrete floor and sneezed, which made his throat burn like lava as his back began to feel pain.
The blond thought about the question and realized that he felt happy when he was with Sherlock, and perhaps, he needed a change in his life. “
Lestrade led the two men towards the dead body and began to reveal the information concerning Connie Prince, “Connie Prince, 54, she had one of those makeover shows on the telly. Did you see it?”
The detective got up from the couch and stepped over the small table before him as he went towards the window, watching John leaving 221B.
Somehow, he didn’t know how, Mycroft always snuck cigarettes made of low tar into Sherlock’s atmosphere.
The next morning, Sherlock and John were sitting in their armchairs while watching the telly, the report of the explosion in a building was confirmed and the questions of possible terrorism were left unanswered.
Sherlock pulled out a small ball of paper from his pocket. “I found this inside his trouser pockets. Sodden by the river, but still recognizable.”
The detective turned over the phone. “Well, obviously its not the same phone, but its supposed to look like the original one. Though this one is brand new. Someone’s gone to a lot of trouble to make it look like the same phone.”
Sherlock was sitting in Greg’s chair while uploading his findings onto his website and waiting for the call to come.
“Edward Van Coon. Had dealings with the Hong Kong accounts.”
“A colleague? How do you get a colleague?!” Sally faced John. “Are you his boyfriend? Did he follow you home?” John shook his head.
“Yeah, I know who you are.” The Detective Inspector didn’t shake Sherlock’s hand. “And I would prefer it if you didn’t tamper with any of the evidence.”
John remained in his spot, making sure that Soo Lin was safe before he took another shot, injuring the man in the leg. John was about to run after the man but the safety of Soo Lin was more important, so he remained by her side until Sherlock came back. They both managed to get Soo Lin out of the museum, taking her to Scotland Yard.
The detective narrowed his eyes. “And what are you doing? Lounging about doing nothing.”
Sherlock wanted the complete opposite. Damn the societal norms of being well spoken, curse the restrictions of avoiding foul language and fuck the responsibilities that corresponded to Sherlock. The retribution of denying the legacy that is passed on from one generation to another was an act of selfishness, Sherlock didn’t want to represent the money or the name of his family.
John looked at his boss and the older man winked at him as he suspiciously slipped away from the two and disappeared into his office.
John closed his laptop and stood up. “
Sherlock nodded, “Yeah.”
“Its not a trick.”
“Yes, you did.”
Sebastian took John and the detective to a computer, where the footage of the office was being shown. At one moment, the graffiti didn’t appear then after 60 seconds it appeared. “So, someone came up here in the middle of the night, splashed paint around and left within a minute.”
Sherlock eyed the car before he faced Lestrade. “How much blood was on that seat, would you say?”
John nodded. “
The detective used his sarcastic voice. “Oh, I think he wanted me to take a look.”
“No, he’s a friend.”
The detective sat up. “You’re acting different! Your movements are calculated! You reduce yourself to saying specific things that obscure your true feelings! You’re not openly speaking to me the way you did before!”
John shook his head, watching as Sally walked away and returned to listening to Lestrade. Greg, Sherlock, and John approached the abandoned car, eyeing the splatters of blood everywhere.
“What do people normally say?”
Moriarty slammed John against the ground, carefully avoiding the latex on John’s body and licking his lips while he dug his fingers into John’s wounds. “Ya know what, Johnny boy. For you, I’m willing to get my hands dirty.”
Sherlock and the blond ran back to the spot where the graffiti was but this time, the wall was completely black.
Sherlock faced John. “You wash your hair, there’s a difference. No, no — tinted eyebrows, clear signs of taurine cream around the frown lines. Those tired, clubber’s eyes. Then there’s his underwear.”
Sherlock simply nodded as he remained unmoved when the blond lifted himself. John left the detective on the floor as he went upstairs towards his room. He closed the door behind him and pressed his back against the wooden door as he softly thudded the back of his head against the door. The blond didn’t know what came over him, he couldn’t explain what the bloody hell just happened.
Once he disappeared, the detective cradled his head and took deep breaths. “What the hell is happening?”
“Missile defense plans haven’t left the country, otherwise Mycroft’s people would have heard about it. Despite what people think, we do still have a secret service.”
John smiled. “
The Omega boy was named Victor Trevor, Sherlock knew of Victor and he never talked to him but Victor was one of the few people that never bothered to insult or hurt him. Victor shyly introduced himself and bluntly told Sherlock that Victor liked him. Sherlock was rather shocked, no one ever
“I simply observed.” The detective whispered.
“How long would the bacteria have been incubating inside her?”
Sherlock was sitting in his arm chair, reading a book when he heard John’s footsteps.
Sherlock’s deep and baritone voice returned, a cold stare arose from his features and he became serious. “Wasn’t it? Interesting.”
Sherlock smirked. “Oh… elegant!”
Soo Lin came forward. “Everything he’s saying is true. I can prove it.”
The Omega boy noticed that his eye was on the verge of being completely shut and his lower lip was viciously split open, he continued pouring water over his wounds but even the process of cleaning his injuries felt like red hot pokers burning through his dainty skin. The pain made the boy whimper loudly. Sherlock grabbed paper towels and dried off his face when the Omega exited the stall and stood next to him.
Sherlock approached Mr Monkford’s wife, tears forming in his eyes while his voice became gentle. “Mrs Monkford.”
The crying woman on the phone began to speak again. “
The detective quickly answered. “Gas leak, apparently.”
Sherlock stood tall. “I have high hopes for you, Inspector. A glittering career.”
“Yeah.”
” John reached towards the card in Sherlock’s hand, and the detective gave it to him. “
“Columbia?!” Greg repeated.
The prince sat back miserably in his seat and felt a sharp pain in his chest, all he ever wanted was to be happy with John. Of course, Sherlock didn’t know everything about John but there was a pull, a bond, that could be created between the two of them and Sherlock would be a fool to let an opportunity for love to slip past his fingers.
.” John stood up from his armchair. “
Sherlock charged towards Mycroft and slammed him against the wall, pressing his forearm against Mycroft’s throat and snarling. “You will not put a finger on him.”
Then Sherlock noticed a book that was checked out from West Kensington Library, taking the book with him while calling out John’s name.
.” The detective was speaking to Lestrade, telling him to bring cars, helicopters in order to capture the murderer. “
“It’s our first proper lead!” Sherlock gushed excitedly.
Professor Cairns wildly flung her arms around, pressing her fingers against the buttons controlling the editing features of the documentary. The woman was losing consciousness, her body was going limp as she failed to struggle against the man killing her.
The Alpha licked his lips when he scented the ripeness of strawberry fields waiting to be plucked by his rough fingers, it was only a tease of what lied in between the boy’s meager thighs. While consuming the boy’s virginal scent, John bared his teeth when another fragrance of freshly wet roses made him salivate.
Sherlock was surprised by John’s skills but god, did he see great things for him and his doctor, a whole new life waiting for them, and the detective was absolutely ready for this new change.
John Watson —an Omega— was walking underneath the unbearable rain in London; like every other person, John was human. He wore a light gray sweater that clung onto his visible muscles which were now prominent thanks to the rain, his legs were covered in baggy sweats and thanks to the rain, again, his thick thighs were viewed by everyone, and on his feet were black sneakers that were squeaking with every step he took.
Mycroft cupped the man’s face. “I’m pleased to hear that Gregory.” He kissed Lestrade.
“Yes, I can see that. He left already. Are you alright?”
Though, not so lucky for Joe, Andrew’s body didn’t manage to go far and ended up falling from the top of the train due to the change in the tracks. Joe looked down at his hands and felt the heavy burden of accidentally killing a man.
Did Sherlock did miss something? Was John actually a paradox of Sherlock’s own deductions?
John snorted. “
“Finally! About bloody time! Let’s go, John!” The detective shouted happily.
John was sitting on his armchair as he stared at the detective across from him, currently Sherlock was staring at the pink suitcase that they both found in Lauriston Gardens, which belonged to Jennifer Wilson. “
John faced Sherlock; keeping a firm gaze on the man and standing his ground, not wanting to fall for Sherlock’s cruel games. Sherlock stared back with the same intensity, wanting John to deduce for him and reveal those secret talents that John constantly hid away. They both stared into each other’s eyes; cobalt blue irises sunk into Sherlock’s lagoon orbs; a lovely combination of a sapphire rock surrounded by aquamarine waves.
The detective rushed up the stairs, John following behind him. Sherlock entered his flat and was met with the sight of Lestrade sitting in an armchair, while other officers were going through his possessions.
“John?” Sherlock called again.
After they finished eating their cakes and drinking their teas, they both exited the bakery and somehow ended up in a mall shopping for clothes. Mycroft mentioned that he loved to shower Gregory with gifts and he was particularly stuck in finding clothes for the D.I. The blond helped Mycroft pick out the clothes that Lestrade liked and after two hours, they managed to put together a new wardrobe for the D.I.
The D.I. nodded. “I go where you point me.”
Sherlock sat at the table in the living room, reading an email from a laptop when he heard the door downstairs opening and closing. The detective quickly glanced up at John.
Jim prepared himself to see how Sherlock would react when they revealed the secret person who had the honor of joining them tonight. “Can ya guess who’s our guest of honor?”
“Obviously.”
From afar, Raz shouted the detective’s name. “Sherlock!” Raz ran up to the pair and faced John. “You know, you’re smarter than you look, pulling that stunt and leaving Sherlock and me looking like idiots in front of the officers.” He turned to Sherlock. “I found something you might like.”
The detective placed the newspaper in front of his face, blocking John’s view. “Your safety.”
Sherlock made a grand gesture with his hands, emphasizing John’s form and facing his friends while laughing. “And the next thing you know, she’s pregnant with you. I could even tell you how many times your mother wanted to abort you. To be exact, she thought about it ten times and went to an abortion hospital twenty times. But like the coward she is, she kept you.”
Sherlock couldn’t help the enormous grin spreading across his lips. “How did you know that?”
Sherlock adjusted the strap of the camera bag on his shoulder and took out the camera. “Very good to meet you. I’m Sherlock Holmes and this is my husband, John Watson. Sorry if he’s a bit quiet but he’s mute.”
“Why did he paint it so near the tracks?”
“Brilliant! So, you do actually follow.”
Soo Lin closed her eyes. “Oh god. He’s here. Zhi Zhu has found me.”
John smirked at his plan working perfectly, he walked down the remaining steps that led into the underground tube and reached the platform. Once inside, John removed his soaking wet hoodie and combed through his sandy blond hair with his wet fingers. John knew that the werewolves chasing him were after something he owned, in fact, they wanted something that ran through his veins.
The woman remained frozen. “What?”
“Golem? What the hell are you talking about?”
Sherlock got up from his seat and walked towards her. “Mrs. Hudson, isn’t it time for your evening soother?”
Mycroft’s voice would hold more power over the knights and princes among him because he was Prince Mycroft Holmes. Which meant he had power over the decisions that would be made for the kingdom. Truly, Mycroft found his calling working behind the scenes and making decisions for the king whenever his father failed to show up for the meetings concerning the problems of the kingdom.
The blond looked over his shoulder, the detective and Raz were still talking to each other while John calmly walked back to the flat.
“And?” The D.I. felt so uncomfortable. “I don’t know. When you introduced us… you remember… Mycroft just simply stared at me for a good five minutes. And next thing you know, he smiles at me and slips me his number in my hand. Next thing you know, I’m texting him and then he started with the whole courting thing and basically making me feel… noticed. After that, we became a couple and I don’t know, he makes me feel happy. I wouldn’t call it love at first sight but it just felt right to be with him. And once I felt comfortable with him and I realized that he loved me for me, I just knew he was the one.”
“Dear brother, how nice it is to see you.”
Mrs. Hudson giggled. “Oh, don’t be shy around me. Is he your boyfriend? Is he coming to live with you?”
The detective looked back while the blond’s hand was still covering his mouth. Sherlock mumbled against John’s hand. “How could you tell?”
Sherlock and John entered the house and Lestrade smiled brightly. “You brought John! How fun. Sorry John but you must wear this.”
Jim Moriarty of course!
“Stop it!
“You’ve stolen another victim, I presume.” Sherlock quietly said.
Sherlock stepped out on the balcony, looking down at the high altitude, frowning.
The storm was getting worse, the clouds were black and angry, and to Sherlock’s annoyed luck, the rainstorm outside was becoming a thunder and lightning storm. Sherlock looked out the window and calculated that every nine minutes, there’d be an enormous thunder roaring across the sky. The rain was getting heavier and Sherlock could already feel the dirt road underneath the coach turning into sludges of mud.
Across from Sherlock, John was sitting in his armchair reading the newspaper. Ever since the revolution started, both John and Sherlock were used to the constant explosions outside and by this time, the sound of screams and bombs going off were white noise to their ears. John was reading a section in the paper that caught his eye and began to tell Sherlock about it.
“Really.”
“This is my friend, John Watson.” Sherlock clarified.
The detective felt dread running over his body. “John!”
John rolled his eyes. “
“That’s what they think, isn’t it, his bosses?”
How fucking dare, they, why did his ignorant friends — actually acquaintances — disturb the precious moment he was sharing with John?
John was returning from his walk when he met Mycroft at the front door.
Once Sherlock uploaded his findings, he posted the solution to the case on the website he used when Sherlock’s phone rang.
John smiled widely. “
John picked up the shoe, determined to show Sherlock that he wasn’t an idiot. “
The flicker between good and evil, the spark that ignited when a truly great person can stoop to the level of those who are insane criminals that chase after danger and blood. The collision of those who were sculpted and manipulated into becoming reprehensible monsters that craved to see the world burn.
Of course, an idiot would know that the numbers concerning the sexes will always be in a state of overflow. Meaning that half of the population in school were girls and even the existence of the most beautiful female prodigy could never manage to turn Sherlock’s head. The other half of the sexes were boys and not even a specimen that was mischievously attractive could make Sherlock stop in full daylight.
Greg made a surprised face, barely holding back his urge to laugh. “What? When did this happen?”
By now Sherlock was keening, just on the verge of what John could only describe as an erotic sort of sobbing. His flesh was warm and the honey ran and John wished to God he could be hard right now. Damn waiting. Damn celibacy. Damn everything. And damn his stupid broken cock and his stupid broken psyche.
"I would not." He mumbled against his lips.
"Hi, Hanah, it's good to see you too."
After Sherlock "died" I did what I have always had a habit of doing. I brought down the curtain. It didn't seem that just
It was, in fact, walking with Eric that John, while opening his mail, received one of two letters that would change his life.
"What do you do when you get angry, John?"
He went silent. He didn't like to talk about that or really remember it. Woman to woman, bed to bed. It was a blur and he was thankful for a shoddy memory.
"How does it have anything to do with anyone or anything else besides Sherlock and I, and our families of course?"
"I was generally sleeping at the time." He replied.
"No, they've been perfect. Thanks, I do appreciate it. I'm going away for the weekend and I'd rather make a good impression without having to ask that all my food be porridge." He joked easily.
“Did you attend his funeral?”
"Done with your call?" John asked as he turned away from the window, shutting off his phone.
His partner and his daughter were giggling in the other room still tickled nearly to tears that he'd dropped his ice cream all over his shirt. They'd been leaving the zoo on an absurdly warm February day and a simple pebble in the road caused him to lose his step. He'd righted himself before falling but the ice cream, sadly, was no more. Once they'd gotten to Baker Street he'd made a beeline for their bedroom to change shirts and wash up.
"Hello Rosie," John began. "Here's a present for you. Do you know what this animal is?" He asked pointing to the cartoon creature on the box.
Apart from Mary, Sherlock was the deepest most meaningful and true relationship he had ever experienced. Right now he just wanted to crawl into this feeling of safety and joy and never, ever emerge.
Changing positions John rolled atop him, wanting, needing to have their bodies as close as possible. He thrust both hands into Sherlock's hair, sinking his fingers into the curls and scratching his scalp lightly. Sherlock swore softly though it was largely muffled against his mates lips. John felt Sherlock possessively, tightly sling an arm around his waist tugging with that same desperate need for closeness John felt. Eventually, it crawled up his back and into his hair, cradling his head and angling it the way he wanted.
"I love you, Johnny."
It was at that point that John had been forced to again retrieve the handkerchief and paw at his eyes, a movement that became quite frequent during Sherlock's vows.
"Do you think that would be your fault?"
Sherlock, I can see you're typing something but not sending it. Bite the bullet.
"-how long his brain was deprived of oxygen-"
"I admit, I love how you managed to slip an insult or two in there in the process."
Sherlock ducked his head as he smiled before taking John's hands and joining him on their makeshift dance floor.
John watched the alarm rise momentarily in Sherlock's eyes before he got hold of it. Surprisingly he offered no argument and gestured to the bedroom.
He looked down at Sherlock breathlessly and found him grinning with glee. With a raise of his eyebrows, he repeated the action, clenching around him, again and again, until all John could do was shut his eyes, lower his head and try to breathe.
"There's nothing wrong with needing help."
"Three Continents and Multiple Pairings Watson." He said with a raise of his brows. "Your nickname should be updated."
He cleared his throat and looked around her well-furnished office, it was comfortable and far more normal looking than any other room he'd been in since arriving. He had to admit, it was nice.
"No, she was a giant caterpillar."
Things improved markedly after that night. Which is not to say they were suddenly normal. Far from it. But they were a better them than they had been.
The door creaked open and Sherlock's unmistakable frame was backlit from the hallway just beyond him.
"Saying what?" The idea was both daunting and terrifying.
"John?"
Still...
"John?"
John waved his hand with a surety he didn't feel while offering an unconvincing smile.
"Bedroom?"
"No, no they didn't. But as I said, girls are harder. Father and I got what we wished for in Eurus. None of the sentimentality or anxiety or attachment of the boys. But we were, surprisingly to us, unprepared. We couldn't control her, couldn't steer and guide her. She caused nothing but disruption in the family. Eventually, we simply drifted apart from one another."
“Ta,” I mutter, shuffling my way over, still bundled in my duvet as if it were a parka. I’ll actually get into normal clothes today—but after a little breakfast. As I am about to take a bite, Sherlock looks at me from over the eyepiece
John’s eyes slide shut for a moment at the hesitation and confusion in Sherlock’s voice. That should never have been a question. Finishing up the last bandage, John grabs another chair and sits in front of Sherlock, looking into those beautiful, pale eyes.
"Yes, well..." Sherlock paused as he retraced his steps. "Yes, as I was saying, there must be a line...a blood brain barrier, if you will, between the addict's experience and what they, in essence, bring home. That barrier, that filter is the job of the sponsor or the therapist. I understand that. Where we part ways is on the nature of my responsibility to John. I could give a long-winded speech about the thin line between pulling someone out of addiction and being pulled down with them. Or speak about the concept of retreating to advance. But I will only say this, if he goes to hell, I go in after him."
He raised up and immediately hit his head on the bottom of the frame, swore, eased out like a salamander and turned to see the person he'd missed so much.
But the point is, whatever you answer, I won't forget what you've done for me. Up to and including getting me in here. It's a good place and they're taking good care of me as they teach me to care for myself.
"Well, that's pretty fucking hopeless." He said his voice catching.
She walked away a pace so I could talk to you.
And he did, his voice cracked on what turned out to be his final moan and John both watched and felt him as he humped the bed through his orgasm. Sherlock reached a hand up and locked a death grip on the top of his headboard knuckles going white.
There were other times where that wave of depression seemed to rear up out of nowhere. He thought, at least, the meds were meant to keep him level. Not happy but certainly not dipping as far below the baseline as he imagined. But he awakened one morning feeling nothing but clouds surrounding him. A long walk, an enormous cup of coffee and lengthy discussion with Eric didn't break his mood, but it helped him understand it and little by little over the course of a day and a half he did his best to climb out of it.
Sherlock turned to look at him, eyes bright with their ever changing blue to green and green to blue.
"Your word?"
Get on with it.
"Seizures?"
"Mr. Holmes, we haven't gotten to that part just yet." The vicar chided but it didn't put Sherlock off in the least. He finished the kiss and straightened up before speaking.
are? And you're just now telling me?"
"Concerned. Thin." Sherlock said but only after making a soft little "Uhh" noise following the nip. He was only speaking in one-word sentences which John considered a triumph.
I'm in rehab. I am a worthless, drunken piece of garbage just like you were. All that talk, all those times you used to ask me "So, you think you're better than me, eh, Johnny?" Turns out, I'm not. I never was.
"Life is about disruption, John. No matter how perfect things are at Baker Street right now you can't hole up there forever. I don't want you to, I imagine neither does Sherlock and more importantly you don't want you to either. You didn't get sober to revert back to being an agoraphobe."
"That felt remarkably good." Sherlock said as he took a deep breath.
But that was a lie.
I sincerely hope one of you lot has an interesting case. If so, you know how to reach me.
"The cold feels nice."
"Let him finish, John. This is his time. Go on, Sherlock."
At times like this I'm supposed to "do the work". Address and analyze my feelings and some other shit like that. But I really don't want to. I want a drink and I want to go unconscious.
"That's it. Can you bring it over and sit next to us on the bed, please."
"Yeah."
Just a few...more...just..a...
"Goodnight, John." His friend replied. He sounded completely spent and possibly on the verge of sleep. "Thank you."
"I ask this, in all sincerity," He began as he reached for the tissue box on her desk then paused to silently ask for permission. He had a feeling this was going to be his life for awhile, asking Mother May I? Raising his hand like a child in school. She nodded and he took one and blew his nose. "What does that mean?"
When that man roughed you up and when I thought you'd been badly hurt and were dying in the hospital...I couldn't remember the last time I'd felt that very specific dread. I did recall a story Mike Stamford told me though, when he found out his mother had cancer. He told me; "John, it's like this hole opens up inside you, this hole of dread and worry and horror. And it doesn't get better once they're gone, it just changes into loneliness." That's what I felt when I thought I might not see you again, might not make it to hospital in time.
Eric concluded with a genuine, winning smile and sat down motioning for anyone who wished to take the floor.
"The impression you made from your first drafts bled through and could still be deciphered on the one you sent me." Sherlock said before he started to recite what John had clear memories of setting down and then binning, from memory.
"Keep it, I'm going out." I couldn't be angry at him for how he felt. Not exactly. A mistake. Fine. It was fine. But I didn't have to sit there and have a cuppa with him as though it didn't fucking hurt a bit. If he wanted to eschew all emotions, great. I hadn't quite risen to that level yet.
Sherlock was soon behind him, feet audibly striking the pavement and then he was at his side.
woman,
"John, is this when your normal therapy session would be?" Sherlock asked turning to him with a slight frown.
"Thank you."
Sherlock opened his mouth and then closed it before deciding to speak. John watched him in the mirror, briefly recalling the last time they'd been in this position.
"That bastard always made me smile. When he wasn't making me furious...Shit. I'm going to miss him."
Once he had come next to him twice in one night.
"Well, good thing you're not that guy."
The longer I was speaking the more I became aware of the fact that he had inched a finger inside me. It hurt at first. Not due to size, but more my reaction to the completely unfamiliar. My whole body wanted to reject this intrusion and frankly I worried if this was how I reacted to a digit, what would his cock do to me. He moved a little deeper but for the most part concerned himself with slight thrusting movements. I found the rhythm at least soothing because I could predict it.
As it had to be nearing 4 am a
"Yeah, yeah I was but I learned how to live in it. It made me sharp, I think. I think it gave me a chance to learn to read people. That has to be worth something, right?"
"What do you mean?" John asked curiously.
"Wary. Unhappy. I'm not stupid I know that's the point of all of this. Getting me acclimated to the fact that these sensations are going to happen. I just...I don't think I have to look forward to it."
"Am I meant to just watch you die?" Sherlock asked one night and it was one of the rare times John heard anger during their talks.
"You're...um..." He cleared his throat. "It's...well, it's..."
John chuckled as Sherlock sounded like any slightly harried and entirely bewildered son.
"Not really. You never said you didn't love me while you were saying you did love him. I could more than live with that."
"Does it? I mean, have you...?"
After wiping off his hand he stepped away from Sherlock to greet her with open arms.
"You mean toss cold water on them?" he replied with a short laugh.
So...yeah. I'm back. Been away for quite awhile. A lot has changed, a lot has happened.
Hanah laughed.
Forgive the smell of burnt plastic coming from the fireplace.
"Faster...I'm almost...I'm about to...but kiss me...kiss me, please, sweetheart."
"Yeah, we're making a go of it. I've moved back in, I'm a year clean. I feel cautiously good. It feels
"John." He said extending his hand which the other man took. "Nice to meet you, Eric."
John was walking just getting out of a taxi, happy to be home post-meeting when the phone rang.
"Job Title?"
"Exorcising negative feelings and expressing suppressed anger through violence, the excitement of an affair, alcohol abuse, chasing down a criminal and even extreme sexualized behavior, all of these flood your body with endorphins and or adrenaline. Those are very potent drugs which produce very potent feelings. Not to mention this behavior is all part and parcel of PTSD and depression. I need you to understand, John, that your addiction didn't start in January of 2015. It didn't start with your wife's death and it didn't start with Sherlock. You need to realize that both you and your sister have been functioning and no-so-functioning addicts, likely since childhood. Do you know why men are under or misdiagnosed when it comes to depression? It's because it often manifests itself as drug abuse or elevated sexual behavior both of which, to an extent, are encouraged and socially accepted in men. You may have found a more socially acceptable outlet for your depression than she did but it still stands. How long were you in Afghanistan?"
"I'm sorry, I can't give you your phone, you know the rules."
"I'm only saying, if it were me. I think I could benefit from a rub down after a performance like that."
"Ok..." He said and found himself more than a little breathless. This was hard to take in, hard to accept.
"I'm fine. I don't need to be put to bed like a child or a woman who swooned from too much sunlight. I'm alright. Thank you, Mrs. Hudson, for the use of your...I'm sorry I got ill."
I really hope this letter doesn't bring it all back.
"I see you have a new prescription."
"Then come to bed." Sherlock replied and his tone left little room for argument.
"Sherlock, I'm truly not upset."
"John!" The desperate shout might have made him jump if he hadn't wholly been expecting it. Instead he just smiled. He was a little surprised by how easily this was all coming to him. How much his want for this man was just beneath the surface. How unbothered he was by this new masculine terrain, this new body. He gave him a gentle suck this time, just the head, just the tip and immediately felt more ejaculate coat his tongue. It was good. So good. And he wanted more. Only Sherlock's pleading made him stop.
"Something like that." He replied getting out of the car.
"I don't know why I'm even bothering with this. I know what the results will say. You,
Not at all intentionally John was still awake long after midnight. The room was silent and dark and Sherlock was pressed warmly and securely against his back.
“What else?”
"Because you're not clean?"
Admittedly John had a difficult time paying attention, he felt...conspicuous. And whether it was genuine or all in his mind he couldn't shake the feeling that they were studying him...perhaps even judging.
“Well, that’s wonderful to hear.” Mycroft happily remarked. “It seems Sherlock’s business is booming since you and he became… pals.”
John frowned at Sherlock’s response.
The boy could count the streaks of cleaning products that went into disinfecting and cleaning the walls. Sherlock could tell the many times the sheets have been through the wash, by his count, the sheets covering his bed must have been washed about four hundred times. The Omega boy scrunched his nose in disgust when he realized how many couples have had sex here, the increasing number of couples that have covered every inch of this room in semen was changing from two-digit numbers to three-digit numbers.
Mr Ewart shook his head and answered Sherlock’s question. “No, those are jags. Which are still lovely cars.”
Lastly, Omegas were considered the subservient but desirable gender. Omegas varied between men and women and they were the only gender capable of bearing children. Even though society has left behind the dark ages where Omegas were abused, raped, and mistreated; there still existed small minded Alphas that craved the resurgence of bringing back the times where Omegas didn’t deserve their rights.
“Where are you? Tell us where you are.” Sherlock said through the call.
Sherlock seemed confused by the reaction and with a surprised look, he turned to face the window but couldn’t resist looking back at the Omega. “That’s not what people normally say.”
Sebastian shook John’s hand and went around to sit behind his desk.
John faced the detective with an unhappy expression. “
Sherlock still couldn’t believe the blandness that over took John and to his dissatisfaction, he could already calculate that in two minutes he’ll have John on the floor sobbing and begging Sherlock to forgive him for even interrupting their time being spent with Molly. What a shame, John had such potential but Sherlock was happy enough to remind John that he ran this school and he was the one in control.
Sherlock noticed John wincing at the blow given to his temple but remained quiet. “What?”
John sat in his armchair; an Oscar Wilde novel nestled in between his hands. Sherlock, on the other hand, was across from John, lying down on the couch with his body fully spread apart. The detective’s hands were steepled underneath his chin as his eyes remained closed.
Lestrade cut off Sherlock. “Wait a fucking minute! What painting? What are you on about?”
Sherlock was inches away from taking the pill, when John busted into the room, not hesitating to shoot the killer, pulling the trigger and letting a bullet fly towards the man’s chest. The detective was not prepared for the sudden outburst, but he quickly threw the pill to the floor and loomed over the dying man.
“So, then wounded in action. Wounded in action, suntan — Afghanistan or Iraq?”
“How many ways into that office?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock ended the call and shook his head at John, immediately facing the television and witnessing that the woman in the photo was a famous person who recently died. The woman, Connie Prince, was loved by her many television fans and her death was a tragic loss.
The blond nodded but then he realized that maybe Sherlock liked men. “
Other than those three events, boys and girls were forced to stay apart from each other and attend their classes. It was a yearly ritual for the students in their 12th year to attend a summer camp in order to acquire more friends and discover a new hobby that could potentially lead them into a prospective career. At the moment, there were 184 students in year 12.
With a questioning nod, Sherlock asked if they should move in right now and James agreed. James stood up from his crouched position and without any hesitation, he jumped off the building. Sherlock watched as the vampire fell down and landed perfectly on the ground, not capturing anyone’s attention. Sherlock got up as well; the wind was harshly blowing against his Belstaff coat and of course, the vampire couldn’t resist a touch of drama to his entrance.
Sherlock remained emotionless. “If you think I’m lonely, I’m not. And the idea of liking someone is boring. The notion of being with someone is terribly boring. And even if I did like John in that way, it would never work.”
John looked at the picture and looked up at Sherlock’s befuddled face. “
John narrowed his eyes at the detective as he grabbed a pillow and threw it at the man’s face. “
The prince was dressed formally but he had many medals that stated his participation in the army. Sherlock quickly deduced the man and felt himself smiling softly when he figured out that the prince had been a Captain in many battles and was an army doctor. It wasn’t incredibly visible but the prince walked with a slight limp, yet it was obvious that the prince was shot in the shoulder.
Sherlock was going to say something when his mobile rang.
Don’t get Sherlock wrong; he never cared for love interests or infatuations that usually lasted about two weeks for any average or shall Sherlock say, boring person. In fact, Sherlock believed that the reduction of one’s attention towards a single person was an opportunity to let others take a knife and stab you from any blind spot available to them.
The detective looked down at his exposed sleeve and suddenly felt very angry. “Thank you. Perhaps I let my arm linger a little too close to the body.”
Jim hungrily squeaked and winked at Sebastian as his mate left through the back door. “It’s fun having a killer as your mate. You should try it sometime. Oh wait, you go for ordinary pets that are scheduled to die, do you not?”
The blond narrowed his eyes and pounced towards the detective. Sherlock swung his arm, intending to punch John’s face when the blond ducked the incoming punch. John came up quickly and drove his fist upwards towards the detective’s chin. The sudden blow caused Sherlock to fall back a bit and the blond took the opportunity to throw a kick towards the detective’s abdomens.
The detective found no alternative but to jump and fall backwards. The immediate fall crushed John, he released his grip and grit his teeth together as a sharp pain emanated from the blond’s back.
Andy scratched the back of his head. “Look, I’ve tried everywhere — friends, colleagues. I don’t know where she’s gone. I mean, she could be a thousand miles away.”
They love each other so much, which fills me with such gratitude, especially on days like this. The chair scrapes against the ground as I push back from the table. I take my mug to rinse. Sherlock must have taken his tea at some point because there isn't a second cup to be found.
One he left circled with a shaky question mark hovering next to it.
Without having to look, Sherlock could feel John bristle beside him and decided to take control of the situation. A rarity around Victor but nonetheless welcome. He placed a hand on John’s elbow and drew him back.
comes the terse response. Greg sighs.
Able to tell he won’t want to talk in front of the driver, I pull out my phone. He prefers to text anyway. Catching Sherlock's eye, I wiggle my mobile and point to his pocket, hoping he will get the hint. He does. Of course he does. With a roll of his eyes so dramatic I fear it will take his head off, he pulls out his phone and wiggles it back.
“Well, it sounds like
die? Can I stick my fingers in
Soothing fingers move across each of the scars, always pausing to hear the stories that caused them. Each time I detail where I had received them, each story bringing forth its own emotion, its own release, its own connection. My voice and his hands. Some came from various cases, even cases with John, one from a childhood game of pirates, but most are from my time away, in Serbia. As John touches each one, his hands heal without healing, full of compassion, curiosity, and care, listening to all the stories I haven’t spoken aloud before. For each painful memory received and re-lived, a gentle one is added.
John nods in understanding. That one would occur again tonight then. Whenever Sherlock has The Pool nightmare—and it's version three: the one where John dies, but Sherlock doesn’t—there is always an immediate repeat with either version one or version two occurring.
With a sigh, Sherlock says, “If you must.” He pushes himself back up to sitting, the strain of the movement clear on his face, and unbuttons his jacket and shirt. The usually deft fingers shake slightly with the movements. When John returns, he sees the clothes hanging open over mottled skin, bruises in all stages of healing. The sight catches the breath in his throat. Realizing that Sherlock hasn’t moved to take off the clothing, John places the first-aid kit on the table and stands in front of him.
Not reacting to my frustration other than to become even more smug in the soft light, John teases, “I can still leave.” My eyes grow wide with disbelief. “That’s what I thought,” and he rolls onto his back, one hand under his head, the other resting on his stomach, eyes closed.
When I look at him, he is frozen. The only other time I have seen Sherlock like this was when I asked him to be my best man. It’s when he reconfigures something in his mind palace, something he thought wouldn’t ever be possible but turned out to just be highly improbable. Even in the midst of my residual adrenaline spike, I can’t help but smile when he does this.
I can’t do this.
“No one will ever find your body,” Sherlock grumbles, finally making it to his feet. He skids and slides down the hall, scowling at the floor and shooting John dirty looks over his shoulder until disappearing through the bathroom door. Still giggling, John gets to his feet and pads downstairs to borrow a pair of grippy socks from Mrs. Hudson.
Sherlock searches my eyes, flitting back and forth between them, before fleeing to our room.
The world came crashing around them when a throat was cleared. The cabbie met John’s gaze in the mirror and gave a small nod. With a smile he couldn’t hide if he tried, John paid the driver and laced his fingers with Sherlock’s as they exited the cab.
The last, and only time, I have ever felt like I do now was when I watched him step over the ledge of St. Bart’s.
After a few minutes, Rosie squirms, ready to get up and play again. Not quite ready to let go, John clings onto them both a little more tightly before untangling them all. John half rolls, half falls off the couch, giving Rosie the space to clamber out of the nest. She bounds off the couch and runs to play with her toys strewn around the sitting room.
Hands clenching into tight fists, John snaps, “Yeah, and we’ll be, too, if you don’t stop sticking your fingers in dead people’s mouths! And
Grasping his fingers in mine, I shut my eyes before whispering a brief “thank you” and dropping his hand. Each touch is harder to release than the last. I collect our empty tumblers and place them by the sink. “Thai?”
Sherlock cocks an eyebrow. “Mrs. Hudson still has Rosie. Perhaps something a bit stronger?” I nod once in response, and Sherlock takes down two tumblers and the bourbon. After pouring us two fingers each, I watch his slender fingers recap the bottle, imagining what they might feel like in my hair, across my skin, intertwined with mine, any form of connection.
John glares at him, pointing a stern finger in his face. “Oi! I know you like the silver swoop, you giraffe-limbed buttplug!”
Until recently, John hasn’t realized just how much he misses Sherlock in his space, the casual, fleeting touches between them.
He strides past me and down the stairs to the main door. With a bewildered look, I silently ask Nancy if everything is alright. She gives a small shake of her head and gestures for me to follow him. I wave my thanks, already turning to follow him.
After a long minute, perhaps more, John’s breathing returns to normal, and my mind settles into a calm I had been lacking since the incident at Culverton’s hospital. John pushes back against my arms, and I release him, hands dropping to my side as his still rest on my hips. Looking up at me, his eyes flit back and forth between mine, searching for something.
“Would you like to tell me what all that was about, hmm?”
Mustering up as much courage and nonchalance as I can, I ask, “Will you play?”
Together, arms slung around each other, holding each other up and each other close, they get Sherlock standing and head outside to find a cab, silence filling the space between them.
“Oh, Rosie, love, what’s wrong?” he asks, already pulling her onto the bed. Sherlock shuffles over so Rosie can lie down in-between them, to surround her with their presence.
“I know you're sorry, John.” I move closer and cautiously wrap my arms around him, cradling him to my chest. I rest my cheek on the top of his head, like the first time, and whisper, “I know.”
I can see the expression on his face change. He knows what I am doing, but plays the game anyway, a sense of gratefulness slipping into his words.
“I’ll call,” Sherlock replies, pulling out his phone.
“Alright. Good. That’s settled.” With a sharp pat to my knees to end the conversation, I collect the mugs to take them back to the kitchen.
mouth?”
As quarantine stretches on and on, they try new positions, new techniques, dabble in toys. Sherlock turns it into an experiment, tracking each unique experience’s results, and John is nothing if not willing to participate as an enthusiastic subject. Sherlock draws a graph, detailing the correlation between sex acts and his state of liquidity in the afterglow. At one point, he sighs to John, “You could murder me, and I would let you, so long as I’m involved in the planning.”
“In the closet.”
The rigid tension fills back into Sherlock’s shoulders before he says, “The pool, John. It was only you at the pool. That’s when it ceased being a game.”
Anger and frustration flood up from my stomach, into my throat. I can feel my face flush with heat. I breathe into the depths of my lungs one more time, holding it there in an attempt to calm myself. Counting to ten, I let the air trickle out.
“I wasn’t,” John replies, looking away. “Just… noticed.”
“John.” His voice resonates through the kitchen, through me. My movements freeze. After a moment, my shoulders collapse forward, and I duck my head.
Sherlock blinks, shock replacing the sadness. John can see he is still processing the whole of the statement, even as Sherlock says, “I won’t. I don’t think I’d be able to endure something like that again without you. That is, unless you don’t want to see…”
That gets a moan, and Sherlock presses himself close while pulling out of the kiss, dropping his forehead to mine.
The vague response piqued John’s interest and a hint of a smirk played at his lips. “Ah. An ex. I see.”
A bump in the road jostled the sleeping man, and his head came to lay on John’s shoulder. He stiffened, waiting for Sherlock jolt awake. When he didn’t but instead let out a small sigh and nestled his face deeper into the crook of John’s neck, John’s eyes slid closed. Resting his cheek on the mass of curls, he breathed in Sherlock’s scent and smiled. The excited-hurt feeling blossomed through his chest again, but he pushed it away and let himself rest against the man on his shoulder.
“How much longer on your quarantine?”
Trying to settle, John shifts to get comfortable. When I realize he is on his left shoulder, I nudge him, pushing on his right one and urging him to turn. After slipping his arms out from under me, he rolls onto his other side, and I curl myself around him, pulling him into my blanket nest.
“I’m fine, John. It’s fine. You know I’ve had worse,” I offer in what I hope is a gentle manner.
John frowns but rises to his feet, bemused. “But…” he looks around. Sherlock is nowhere in sight. “Now?”
the bad images go away.”
Sherlock swallows, trying to clear the lump in his throat. “I’d appreciate that, yes.”
Thankfully, due to time, therapy, and talking through them, the frequency of the nightmares have decreased over these past few years. But they have never truly stopped.
“It’s alright. I got to you before she woke up. Now, come.” He drags me from bed by my shoulders, but I hesitate at the door. Before I can voice my concern, Sherlock responds in whispered frustration, “I have the monitor. Come
“Alright, data. You need to know how this is going to play out, yeah?” I nod once in agreement. Gesturing around the room, John starts to explain. “This is your space, and you are welcoming me into it. You get to call the shots on almost everything, though I will let you know if something makes me uncomfortable, yeah? We’ll take turns using the bathroom to get ready and change and such. I sleep in a t-shirt and bottoms. And based on how you flounce around the house, I trust you do the same, most nights, at least.”
Oh, how to answer that question.
are the one who needs to talk,” I urge with more conviction than I feel. Sherlock talking about his feelings, that'll be the day.
Three hours later, the calm drives him to boredom, and he bends Sherlock over the desk in the sitting room, each snap of his hips coaxing wanton whimpers and ecstatic gasps from Sherlock’s open mouth.
“No. It’s when I over-stretch or exert myself. Or have nightmares.” The gentle touch returns, a little more sure now. But this time on the oval scar between my ribs. “A knife. From a fight in Denmark tracking down Mrs. Hudson’s sniper.”
John.”
“Nothing.” John rolls onto his left shoulder with care to look at me, propping his head on his hand. One side of his mouth turns up in a teasing smile. “I knew you were a blanket hog.”
As John leans against the red chair, his head hanging, he flexes his fist a few times before straightening his back and looking back to me.
I look back into his eyes, holding his gaze, and pouring all my sincerity into my response, my own voice hitching. “Oh, Sherlock. I know. I know. You won’t. You won’t lose Rosie.” Sherlock’s gaze falls back to his mug, and I knock my knee against his, “Hey, Sherlock, look at me.” Gazing up through his lashes, he looks almost bashful, ashamed of his needs, his show of weakness. “You won’t lose her, Sherlock, you won’t lose us.” Something struck me, “Have you... have you been worried about us leaving Baker Street? Is that why you’ve been having this... this Rehab nightmare?”
Today. Sherlock will face John today, now that Sherlock’s quarantine is nearing its end, and tell him what John means to him. Finally, he will open his mouth and release the words that have been burning at the back of his throat since John first petted him with a feather duster.
Now it’s my turn for the wrinkle to appear. I have no idea what he means. “John?”
“I don’t think I will be sleeping tonight if you would like me to play again. You have fewer nightmares when I do,” he offers in an offhand way. Still recovering from the sudden conversation, it takes a moment for the words to sink in. When they do, a shiver runs down my spine.
After handing him the tea, I sit on the coffee table, our knees almost touching, mine surrounding his, comforting in the closeness and shared warmth. With a steadying breath and a small sip, I start straight into the heart of the matter.
Sunlight streams through the broad windows, easing me from my sleep. I squeeze my eyes shut against the bright light before feeling the crick in my neck from sleeping in the chair. Rubbing the sore spot, I unfurl myself, coming aware to all my aching muscles. With a yawn and a stretch, I open my eyes and see a cup of tea already sitting on the table for me. The steam warms my face as I take a sip.
Kettle, two mugs, two bags, milk for me, sugar for him, steep the bags, stir the tea. Sit. Stare.
Back in the house, sitting in his chair where Sherlock moved it into John’s quarantine zone, John looks up as Sherlock emerges from his bedroom. He looks pensive and agitated, and John narrows his eyes before asking, “Sherlock, why are there roses in the garbage?”
Rocking us back and forth, I pat down his curls as he stills against my chest, wide-eyed and distant. Over and over again, with each sway of our bodies, I say, “I’m so sorry, Sherlock. I’m so sorry. I love you. We won’t leave you. I promise.”
His eyes bore into mine, burning through the last of my layers.
As they stood in front of the black door with gold lettering, John looked up at the man beside him and found his gaze met with a soft grin.
Resting a hand on his hip, Sherlock says, “Here.”
“I had a bad dream." She snuffles and wipes her nose and eyes with her forearm. "You and Papa were running off with Uncle Greggie and left me behind. But the dark, scary monster was under my bed the whole time, and you... you wouldn’t listen to me when I told you where it was. So you le—le—le—left me here with it. All by my—myself. And... and I didn’t want Mrs. Hudson to get hurt, so I... so I locked her out. Why, Daddy? Daddy, why did you leave me?” Her voice catches as tears stream down her plump cheeks. Her brows furrow with a glint of anger and hurt in her eyes.
“I offered, didn’t I? Don’t make me repeat myself.” With that, Sherlock whirls and strides to his bedroom, expecting me to follow. And, as always, I do.
Tears well up in Sherlock’s eyes. It’s been a while since that had happened, but all this love and acceptance and belonging gazing back at him is too much. He looks into John’s eyes, searching, making sure this was really happening and not another of his dream-world fantasies. The mixture of hope with a touch of anxiousness, of rejection, is not a look Sherlock could replicate in his mind palace, never having seen it quite like this before.
Bandages criss-cross over his back, covering lines of stitches and healing wounds. Tape is supporting some of Sherlock’s ribs. Any spot not covered has the sickly colors of bruises following along the edges.
, Sherlock! Not
,” now, pointing at Anderson, “for gross incompetence.” He places the slide holder on the desk forcefully but still aware of the glass inside. “He misidentified
“Starving."
Rosie nods, curls bouncing in every direction. John stares into Sherlock’s eyes, a smirk playing at the corner of his lips. With another half-shrug, John adds, “Well, that, and marry me. It'll help with the whole name-change bit. And she's right. You're family, and I don't want you going anywhere.” John wraps a hand around Sherlock's waist and pulls him in closer without squishing Rosie.
"These past few months, I have found a therapist I like. That I trust. We've been able to... uncover a lot." Rubbing a hand across the back of my neck, I catch Sherlock roll his eyes.
I take a deep breath, trying to control my unsteady intake, my lungs aching from the pressure sitting within my chest. My hands are numb from the grip they have on the counter, having tightened further as he talked.
When they pulled in front of Baker Street, John looked down at the still sleeping form. Whispering Sherlock’s name, he stroked the sharp cheekbone with the back of his fingers, hoping to ease Sherlock from his sleep. Sherlock wrinkled his nose and tucked himself deeper into John’s shoulder, and John chuckled. His heart ached for his beautiful man that was not his.
Not gay.” He rolls his eyes, shaking his head as he mutters, “There’s always something… but you never said!” he adds, almost accusingly.
Finally, the world unpauses, and John is able to take in a deep breath. He drops his head and closes his eyes, controlling the sobs threatening to rack through his body.
When Anderson makes a move toward Sherlock, John subtly steps in, stopping the progression in its tracks. Lestrade puts up a hand to stop both of them. “Now hold on Sherlock, how did
“I needed you to act realistically. To be in grief.” I scoff at him, shaking my head against the back of the chair, a sardonic smile creasing my face. “And,” Sherlock continues, “and I didn’t think you would be as affected as you were. You never showed indications otherwise.”
When they arrive at Baker Street, John helps Sherlock out of the cab and up the familiar stairs. He feels the tension in Sherlock’s body release as they enter into the flat, knowing he must have missed it desperately while he was away. It makes John’s heart clench at the thought, even as the anger and hurt still fester.
Having him here, seeking my forgiveness, showing remorse for the pain he caused, it grips my heart in a vice and settles something inside me I didn’t know was tumultuous. Knowing that John doesn't think I deserve the blame I have been heaping on myself allows a portion of it to release. And another portion goes with the knowledge that John understands his fault, his destruction, in the matter. A sigh escapes me as I settle further into the embrace, the feel of John's hair soft against my cheek.
Still facing the sink, I feign ignorance hoping he hadn’t seen me or tried talking to me earlier, even though I know the chances are slim. “What was what about?” The casual tone I attempt betrays me and comes out flat and disinterested instead.
“What is all over my walls?” she demands, setting the plate on the coffee table. Sherlock tenses into a tighter coil and scowls over at an amused John.
?” I can hear the incredulity in John's voice.
Sherlock’s head darted up from the microscope. A wide-eyed look withered into a scowl. Suppressing a chuckle, John picked up his coffee and hid his smile behind a sip. He’d hit it spot on. Sherlock’s got an ex, and he wanted to make him (
“There is toast on the counter if you plan on eating,” a low voice rumbles from the kitchen. Sherlock is hunched over his microscope. Already engrossed in a project for the day it appears.
“I woke up in the hospital, Mycroft hovering in the corner. He informed me that I would be put in rehab. But you must know, Mycroft was too involved in taking over the world to do proper research for his younger addict brother.” The scorn drips almost wearily from his tongue. Practiced. “I ended up in a rather dismal rehab center. Top of the line facilities and superb interactions with family members and such, but as patients, we were... treated as less than. Being in withdrawal and under-stimulated, I antagonized the staff. They punished me by removing every other form of mental stimulus I may have had."
Sherlock's voice, low and sure, fills the room without being much louder than a whisper. “I know. I did too.” Our eyes find each other, and a drowsy smile forms on my face. A soft one is given in return.
Upstairs, there is a line of tape separating half of the sitting room from the other, with a path marked between the sitting room to the kitchen, to the bathroom, to Sherlock’s bedroom.
” he adds, as Sherlock sticks his tongue out toward the wall of a bus stop with a mutinous expression. John manhandles him down the sidewalk, snarling, “Stop licking things people have touched, you
“For now.”
She flips around, pressing her small back into John's chest and knocking the wind out of him. Her face lights up with hope, joy, and excitement, replacing the tears and fears of before.
“Yeah.” After a stretch of silence, he clears his throat. “Actually…” Sherlock glances at him, and John winces before pressing on. “You’ve been avoiding me, and I don’t know why. Did I do something wrong?”
Chuckling, John flicks his shoulder. “Now, go brush your teeth. I’m already grey over here.”
Nails biting into my palms, I force myself to meet his gaze. The fucking mask still there, still protecting himself from me. Swallowing around the knot forming in my throat, I press on. No retreat. "Honestly, Sherlock, blaming you was, and will remain, the biggest mistake of my life. It led to so much pain. I’d understand if you can’t trust me anymore. I’ll… I’ll do whatever you need from me. Even if it means
That night, the padding of footsteps eases John to wakefulness before the squeak of the door reveals a small figure obscured by the dark. “Daddy? Papa?”
“Sherlock. I don’t want to do anything you aren’t comfortable with. As I told you before. It’s all fine. We will figure it out." His hand strokes down the length of my arm, reassuring. "Together. If I ever do something to make you feel uncomfortable, you need to let me know. I’ll do my best to always ask, but still." Tipping my chin up to look in my eyes, John's gaze demands a promise. "Please tell me.”
John sighs, pinching his nose and already knowing he’s going to give in. “You are a menace,” he manages before grabbing Sherlock about the waist and tossing him onto the sofa.
Soft eyes and a small smile form on Sherlock’s face as he interrupts John’s stuttering. “John. Stop it. I never thought I’d get the chance to do that, ever. Please…” he bites his lower lip before looking directly into John’s eyes, “Please, kiss me again.”
With a brush of Sherlock’s curls away from his face, John tried waking him again. This time, electric eyes met his.
A truth, though not the one that so desperately wants to be spoken, tears roughly from my lips in a whisper. “And I’m so glad you did." Losing my nerve to continue, to lay it all before him, I squeeze his shoulder in an attempt to flee from the thoughts of what it would have been like if he hadn't returned. “I need to go get Rosie from Mrs. Hudson," I say as I turn toward the door.
John returns home after a quick trip to the store, a bag of ideas in hand. Sitting in his chair, legs curled up beneath him, Sherlock looks up from his pout with interest. “What did you buy?”
“I suppose that’s true. Would... would it help for you to talk through them with me? I promise I won’t run this time.” The darkness settles around us, comforting in its weight and protection. Rosie’s muffled breathing comes through the monitor, and John’s own breathing and the rustle of blankets offer their warmth. It feels like home.
you have to wear a mask. Don’t even think about breathing near me. And you will stay in your zone.” Sherlock huffs but relents, following at a distance as they climb the stairs to 221B.
“It’s fine,” I say as I walk around to the other side and crawl into bed. Cocooning myself into my blankets, I attempt to take up less space than I usually would. John chuckles softly.
fault you’re always licking your lips, drawing attention to them.”
“Why do you want to know?” I ask with as much control as possible.
Lestrade glances between the two fuming men before settling on Sherlock. “Well, I’m not firing him. If you have anything else for me, give it now. If not, get out of here. There’s nothing more you can do.” Without a word, Sherlock turns on his heel and heads out the door. As he does, Anderson makes the mistake of muttering “freak” under his breath loud enough for John to hear. Before he can calm himself, John punches Anderson square on the jaw hard enough to make his knuckles sting. Anderson falls back into the wall, Sherlock spins back into the room, and Lestrade leaps up from his chair.
“I know it won’t do much, but I am sorry. And I do regret ever even thinking that, let alone writing it down and forcing Molly to deliver it to you.”
The avoidance continues until Mrs. Hudson storms upstairs and points at John, where he sits sipping tea in his chair, “You,” she demands, waving him forward, “I need you in 221C.
“But still, you didn’t trust me. Even after... everything, you didn’t trust me.” The words are soft and accusatory, daring him to deny it.
It's a nightmare.
Sherlock turns his head and scowls, breaking the moment. “I didn’t want to avoid you, John,” he says quietly, and John shakes off his disappointment as the words sink in.
“You knew. That’s why you played the first time we talked about the nightmares. You knew it would be hard for me having brought up Afghanistan.”
It lands on the floor, and Sherlock jumps, startled. His foot comes down on the glove, and it explodes, spilling wet sand and water over the floor. Sherlock’s brows fly up, then drop and furrow, and he gapes at John. “What the
“You need to be my boyfriend for a bit.”
Staring at the swirling liquid in his hand, Sherlock starts explaining in a low, quiet voice, matching mine, honoring the tentative balance. “I talked to you every day while I was away. In my mind palace." His tone becomes somber as he continues. “So many times and in so many ways, you kept me alive." Turning his gaze back to me, Sherlock's face is open, all his trust and care pouring through. "I wouldn’t have made it back if it wasn’t for you.”
I can tell there is more to the story that Sherlock is working up the courage to continue. Leaning back, I take my teacup back in hand before asking, "What happened then?"
Glaring at him through slitted eyes, I give a huff of discontent and pull my duvet higher in efforts to block him out. “This is why I don’t share my sleeping space.” My gruff voice is muffled by the blanket.
“You’re crying, Sherlock.” John lets go and tries to move away again, but Sherlock won’t let him go. “I don’t…I didn’t... I can't...Sherlock, please…”
“Sherlock. Sherlock, come on, wake up. You’re having a nightmare. Sherlock, it’s me, John. Come on, wake up." Hoping that's all he needs to pull him out of the depths, I speak a bit louder with each repetition of his name. I don't want him, or me, waking Rosie. Thankfully, his eyes flutter open, and a wrinkle appears between his brows.
. Who does that, John? I could have closed this case days ago if he wasn’t so incompetent.” The slight tinkling of glass in the box can be heard as Sherlock slips the holder into his pocket.
I have a feeling I’ll find Sherlock's cup later, half full, most likely by tripping on it and spewing tea everywhere. Footsteps catch my attention, and Sherlock enters the kitchen.
Eyes narrowed, Sherlock frowns. “Why would I do that?”
The silence draws on.
“Shut
. I see you... lying there... on the pavement, and there is nothing I can do.” My voice catches, my throat tightening against the words. “There was nothing I could do,” I whisper, broken, as I crumpled in on myself, hand covering my eyes.
Uncomfortable, I move to draw my hand away from John, my brow furrowing. He catches my eye and gives a small nod of encouragement, re-tangling our fingers together. I turn my gaze back to Nancy and explain.
She sees Sherlock laying on the couch twitching, his head rocking back and forth. With her small hand, she reaches out to him and pats the back of his hand. “There, there, Papa. There, there.” Sherlock’s eyes pop open and focus on the room around him before looking down at his little Rosie. He scoots over on the couch. Patting the space he emptied, he encourages her to join him, and Rosie clambers up, excited for cuddles. This is always her favorite. Sherlock curls himself around her, breathing in the softness of her hair, wrapping her up in his long arms.
“Sherlock.” His name feels like sandpaper in my throat, raw and scrapped. With a loud swallow, I stare into his pale, cold eyes, pleading with him to understand. “Sherlock, you know, you
By the time I stop staring, the light coming through the window has changed—from the faint orange of morning to the strong yellow of afternoon. The tea is cold. I don’t even know if Sherlock has tried to talk to me. My leg aches. A surge of panic and then a sigh of relief brings my shoulders forward as I remember Rosie is with Mrs. Hudson for the day today.
Sucking in a breath, a dubious expression on his face, John extends the duster and, after a moment of hesitation, strokes it over Sherlock’s covered back. Sherlock shifts and sits up with a start, his eyes wide and bewildered before he blinks and stares at John. His gaze flickers to the duster, brows lowering before he looks back at John. “What are you doing?” he asks in a slow, careful manner, clearly thinking John may have gone mad.
When John realizes that encompasses the whole of his current feelings—anger, hurt, betrayal—he repeats the phrase again, quieter, almost to himself. “I thought you trusted me.”
"When you… you left, I decided that was it for me. And then Mary came along and changed that. So when you came back, I…" Looking into his eyes, I beg for strength to explain. For words to make him understand. It doesn't come, but I keep going. He deserves this. Sherlock deserves this.
“Quite right, as always.” Victor’s tease came with an eye roll and a smile as he sipped his drink. “And who is it that you brought this year?” With a mild-mannered sneer, he glanced down at John before addressing Sherlock again. “I was hoping for the silver fox again, but I hear there was some brotherly competition on that front.”
“What?” I bite at him, looking out over the edge of my duvet nest,
With a stern glare in his direction, I see only openness and concern for me in his eyes. Not a trick then. Not planned. Staring out the window, I consider his question and decide it may be a benefit, if not for me, for John, for Rosie. I concede. “Only if you’ll come with me. Not for the session, of course, but just... be present.”
When he looks up to speak, Sherlock disappears back into his bedroom, the door clicking shut behind him. Brow furrowed, John tucks the offering under his chin and inhales the scent of Sherlock’s detergent and subtle traces of cologne. It’s reassuring to know his sense of smell hasn’t changed. Maybe he won’t be sick, after all. That is one thing to look forward to, even if Sherlock is still being
“No. Rosie was up about half an hour ago and just went back down. I was about to make tea. Do you want some?”
I haven’t cried this much since I thought he was dead. Sherlock’s arms wrap around me as they have twice before now. But this time, I throw my arms around him, clinging to his dressing gown, pulling him tight against myself. I need to feel his body beneath my hands, the warmth of his skin, his heartbeat, his breath expanding and constricting in his chest.
too old for me to bend you over my knee and spank your arse.” Halfway to his feet, Sherlock loses his balance again and slides to the floor in a graceless heap. His breath whooshes out on a rumbling groan. John tries not to laugh, but a little snort escapes despite his efforts. “I’m going to get you some of those grippy socks.”
“Will you show me?” he asks. I gaze into his eyes before nodding once, his openness and trust convincing me. I pull out one of the kitchen chairs and peel off my dressing gown and the t-shirt I had been sleeping in, still sticking to my skin from the cold sweat. My heart begins racing again as I sit down straddling the chair so John could see the pinkish lines crisscrossing and distorting my skin. I hear him shuffle closer and inhale sharply. The ghost of a doctor’s fingertips grazes across a few of the puffiest scars.
Shaking his head, John placed a hand on the small of Sherlock’s back as he leaned up to whisper in his ear about moving away from the most boring conversation of the night. He was about to suggest the delightful looking somethings on the table across the room when Sherlock’s face caught his eye.
John cocks a brow. “Well, no one ever asked if I was
A cough over his left shoulder broke him out of the moment, and he let his hand drop away, his fingertips singing at the loss.
, I finish in my head.
I look at him bewildered.
Putting my glass on the counter, I close my eyes and pinch the bridge of my nose. “Not calling for, yelling at.”
“What?” John whispers as he pulls further away.
As I put Rosie down for the night, rustling noises drift up from downstairs. Sighing, I realize that Sherlock is not asleep like I had hoped the last time I saw him. He’s been needing it. Desperately.
A soft smile greets me as I let go and run my palms down his arms.
Sherlock’s brow furrows, and a small frown forms on his face as he thinks. Then, the moment of recollection comes. “Ah, right. The conference.” His steps falter as he turns to stare at John. “Wait, why are you here? When did you get back? Speaking of, what time is it?” He glances around for a clock.
With a swift shake to clear my head and a sharp tap of the spoon on the rim, I pause, leaning forward heavily on the counter, and let out a deep sigh. Whatever it will be, he won't be the one to start. He’d need to be trusted to give trust. Especially after everything I've put him through. Even knowing this would open my own nightmare world for tonight, I realize I need to tell him about my own stories.
A sense of dread creeps over John as he considers the letter in the rubbish bin. Could Sherlock have seen it? When was collection day? Rubbing a hand over his eyes, he sighs, resigning himself to the fact Sherlock must have seen and just… doesn’t reciprocate. No wonder the past week felt so tense. Sherlock probably doesn’t know how to turn John down while John has nowhere else to go, and they are stuck here. Together.
“They favored a whip most days," I say in explanation, staring forward, resolved to remain impassive.
With a last once over, I can see John means it. He wants me to come with him. A flurry of apprehension flutters through my stomach. His therapist.
“Yeah.” Clearing his throat, he rolls his shoulders with a sigh. “I’m… look. I’m tired. I’m going to bed.”
“Is there room for one more before dinner?” John asks, already moving to lay down on the edge and wrapping around Rosie from the other side. Sherlock throws the couch pillows to the ground to give them more room, the routine figured out over several previous failed attempts. Rosie giggles as her fathers shift around her trying to make enough room. Once everyone is settled, she declares, “Papa had another nightmare, Daddy.” John looks into Sherlock’s eyes over her head, asking the same question they always ask.
With his legs splayed and his fingernails clawing at the wall, Sherlock snaps, “If I pull a groin muscle, there will be no sex, John!”
Sherlock shoots him a dour look. “I clearly did, John, or are you experiencing memory loss?”
Trapped, John finally turns around. Still standing at the other end of the room, Sherlock watches him warily. He looks tense, hands stiff at his side as his pale eyes dart over John. They settle on John’s wristwatch and narrow.
“John?” The sound of his voice, soft and brimming with the emotions that had been missing on his face earlier, fills out the rest of my smile.
I try to follow his train of thought but fail utterly.
Rosie nods and settles into the warmth of their arms, back leaning against Sherlock's chest and forehead pressed against John's. Silence falls over the group, only broken by muffled, soft breathing. Rosie breaks the quiet with a simple question, still huddled between them. “You love each other, don’t you?”
With a glint in his eye and a curl to his lip, he looks at Sherlock and says, “Nothing I haven’t dealt with before. Dinner?”
“Do you think you’ll need one of those Acorn Stairlifts, too? Or can you manage the stairs with those beanpoles you call legs?”
“Pretty sure you don’t want to know.”
The whole world tilts around me and remains that way even as I start walking back to my bedroom.
“First off. Congratulations! John tells me you’ve recently become a couple. I’m very happy for you both,” she says with a full smile, nodding to each of us in turn.
a genius.” He tugs his fingers out of the dead man’s mouth and glowers. “Fine, I won’t stick my hands in anyone else’s mouth.”
A loud sigh hums in his ear. “Unfortunately, no. No, it did not.”
“Okay, let’s just do our usual bath and whiskey instead.”
he is off doing some experiment or thinking through our latest case.
“God, Gregory!” Mycroft snaps in an agitated tone. “Now,
It guts me, spilling my innards, my heart, onto the floor around us, and a single word tears itself free. “No.”
“Sherlock. From the beginning, from that first night at Angelo’s..." my eyes dart way, "I’ve wanted you. You were right. I was flirting, and your rejection was too much for my ego. Especially since I was still hearing my dad in the back of my head saying, ‘It’s not right, John. It’s disgusting.’ So, I… I fled to every woman I could find." I wave my hand, gesturing to the world outside, away from us, from what we've built, keeping them from spoiling our space further.
A couple weeks later finds us both back at Nancy’s office. After my session, I sit in the room outside, waiting for Sherlock to finish. My heart light and my brain foggy after the topic today, Chinese food sounds like the perfect companion meal to our duel session. With Rosie at Greg and Molly’s tonight, perhaps even a bottle of wine. A smile blooms on my face as I start to make plans for dinner and a cuddle, maybe some telly. Pulling out my mobile, I phone our favorite place and order takeaway for when Sherlock is done. Then, I settle in for a little nap leaning against the wall. One thing both medical school and the army taught me that continues to come in handy—nap when, where, and how you can.
Feeling the air shift between them, John waits for Sherlock to think through his statements. When he has, Sherlock asks, “I’m...I’m your best friend?”
“Of course, Sherlock.”
Properly chastised, John gives a brisk nod and heads out the door, Sherlock now the one trailing behind. He leans down to whisper in John’s ear, the smirk practically audible. “You keep surprising me. How’s the hand?”
“John?” he steps forward, pausing when John holds up a hand to stop him.
“It’s whatever I want it to be!” Sherlock snaps, forcing a fake cough as he fumbles with the door to 221C. “Don’t talk to me until I’ve been cleared, or… or I’m
Sherlock, who had been observing me with those bright, mesmerizing eyes of his, offers a startled, soft chuckle as he raises his mug to his lips. “Quite right," he says, his lip curling around the edge of the mug. I wait, patient and quiet, knowing that he will talk when he is ready. After enough times of pushing him, I've understood how often that leads to the exact opposite result I want. Stubborn arse.
“You have others, then?”
As I leave the kitchen, he says, “Let me know when you are ready. Please." The please has the same nervousness, the same plea, as the first time we talked about the nightmares. Sherlock's eyes bore into the back of my head as I stand halted in the doorway. In a quiet voice, almost a whisper, he adds, “I don’t know how to make them stop.” Even as my legs turn to jelly and an aching weight presses into my chest, I nod once and walk upstairs to get ready for the day.
“But,
Sherlock sighs against my mouth, shoulders melting, and leans heavily against my chest. A laugh bubbles through my chest and breaks into a smile on my face, his lips slipping against my teeth. So close together, I can feel him pulling back, the rigidity of his back returning. To show I’m not laughing at him, I wrap a hand around his waist and draw him back into me, nipping at his lower lip and giving it a gentle tug.
“Here, let me stroke your cheek,” John says, grinning wide as his next toss hits Sherlock in the face with a wet-sounding
Even in his aggravated, precise movements, an air of exasperated ennui accompanies Sherlock. He sighs dramatically.
When Sherlock returned the gentle squeeze and looked at him, John knew it didn’t really matter. All that mattered was the man before him, holding his hand, and making sure he was taken care of. Even if that meant it was only pretend.
“Two years, Sherlock. Two bloody years.” John clenches his fists. “Where were you?”
A quiet settles over the room, only to be broken a moment later.
The minutes tick by, excruciatingly slow until John thinks he might go mad. He knows it’s illogical to think he can hear the sound of time sliding past. Convinced he can, John begins to fidget. As the enforced timeline drags into seconds, he looks up and meets Sherlock’s gaze.
For how much I have already forgiven him, he has yet to forgive himself.
“Wonderful!” He receives another friendly pat before Mrs. Hudson leans forward and whispers, “What are the socks for?”
Sherlock flicked his hand through the air, waving away the question. “Annoying parties. Absurd expectations.”
A smile blossoms across my face, and I don't hold it back, feeling the content flood through me at his words, at the memories. But even as the wave rises, it’s now my turn to pull away from him, hopefully for that last time.
John's eyes light up, and he gives a stiff nod. “Yeah, of course I will. I’ll see if she has one before or after mine so we can go together.”
Rocking up onto his toes, John grips the nape of Sherlock’s neck and tugs him down. Their lips crash together, the kiss messy, teeth clicking. John sucks in a breath, catches Sherlock’s exhale in his mouth, and sets it free on a low groan. Sherlock’s hands grip his face, fingers stroking John’s jaw, bending down to deepen the kiss. It’s all they can both do to hold on, to cling to one another, to gasp for air and taste one another’s eager tongues.
“No, no. I’m fine. I’ve already been looked at. I promise.” Another wince takes over his features. “If you wouldn’t mind, I’d much prefer to continue this conversation at Baker Street. I’ll be much more comfortable there.”
“No.” Sherlock stops me from walking away with a hand over mine. “When I saw you this morning, I asked her if she could watch Rosie for the night, or if she could have Molly pick her up to do so." He glances at the space between our feet, unsure if his actions would be welcome. "You have the night off. You need it. You haven’t slept well.” Relief washes through me. I love Rosie, but I know I need to take care of myself so I can be the best for her. After everything that has happened, she deserves the best there is to offer, which, right now, is not me.
"What?" Sherlock flinched subtly, a little taken aback.
Taking liberties with laws and other things. It’s all in the Sherlock universe. :D
Sherlock looked up now and smiled as he lifted his cup and took a sip. “You had another induction with Miss Abby this afternoon.”
"Sherlock, you need to be treated."
showed any sign of missing it. Hence, Miss Hilton came to us.”
"Oh that's good. A job like that isn't worth it..." Sherlock allowed his head to fall over John's chest, his left ear pressed there, listening to the calm heartbeat and his phone in the other one. A light pain started in the base of his neck moving all the way up to his forehead. "We have more information about the case. The Yard is over it now, so I guess you should stop worrying over it." Sherlock added furrowing his nose absently as he felt the pain expanding all the way from his forehead to his palate.
Sherlock's ringtone went off and the detective woke up with a start. He blinked a couple of times, feeling his eyelids abnormally heavy. He shook his head and supported himself on his left elbow on the couch. Just then he took a hold of the way he
“Eight known in which we were able to trace PIEDRA, but I was reading about two or four more possible cases in the States. None in the UK whatsoever. Maybe they’ll deport her back.”
“All right.” John took Sherlock’s hand again; he massaged the palm with his thumbs, the knuckles, fingers one by one and in-between them. For a couple of seconds, their fingers intertwined. No sound was made, but both of their eyes were fixed on their hands, on John’s movements.
“No, I meant… Martin. You did notice that he was flirting, with you.”
Sherlock frowned again. This was all too predictable. There was no surprise, no... Nothing. He'd predicted somehow that the girl was going to say something along the lines of
"Yes!" Sherlock exclaimed as he went to take a rope. As soon as she saw the knot Sherlock was making she waved exasperatedly and left.
received at 04:23.
"Oh... that." he cleared his throat. "Yeah."
He walked closer to Sherlock and placed his palm on Sherlock’s cheek. Sherlock unconsciously tilted his head to it, seeking the caress. John slid his thumb over Sherlock's lips. At the same time, he got closer to his ear and said softly, "Sherlock. I'm right here."
Sherlock stopped fidgeting when John spread the gel across his back and he couldn’t help but think about the scars and how John was completely ignoring them. He was silently thankful for that. But if he was completely sincere with himself, he wanted to be asked. He wanted to be asked and he wanted to refuse to talk about it. Still. He wanted to be asked.
John opened lazy eyes and soon he found himself looking into Sherlock's paler ones. He eyed his bed, it was in perfect state. And his friend had an armful of books.
"John..." Sherlock moved his arms around John's shoulders and squeezed him tightly. John left the bowl now in between their bodies – with great difficulty because of Sherlock's grip – on the table and, after a couple of seconds, he wrapped his arms around Sherlock's torso.
Sherlock tilted his head back, looking up at the ceiling and sighing audibly, frustrated. At least he had proved a point with the experiment.
"Okay... go ahead."
"Oh. Right." John walked to the bathroom.
"What?"
Sherlock walked to her, took the cup, closed his eyes and drank it all in one gulp. Molly looked somewhat satisfied, despite the pain her eyes held. Once Sherlock was done, he placed the cup back into Molly's hand. He exhaled as one of John's shouts could be heard from outside the morgue, as he tried to get in.
"You can deduce, John. Go ahead and try. You know what I do; you've learned quite a bit." Sherlock didn't move, the corner of his lip just curved up a little, defiant eyes staring intently.
As soon as she fell asleep and was safely in her cradle and there was still no sign of John, he went back to the kitchen table only to observe the solution he was waiting for had been tested positive for MAOI and the other for PEA; components mostly found in food and completely harmless…
"What we have..." John tried to keep his words under control, but they held the overwhelming sentiments he knew he was feeling, he knew Sherlock could tell too, "what we have has no name. This... thing between us is my most precious thing, I don't want to spoil it, and it has nothing to do with these physical reactions... you're terrified about getting bored, Sherlock. I am not. I'm not leaving you, ever, unless you tell me you don't want me around anymore. If you want to go back to the way we were before this, that's okay, if..." John couldn't help a sigh at this point, his mind was working faster than his lips.
"That's my line, geez!" John paused a moment and added with a big grin, "and since when are
"Sherlock..." Armand looked taken aback. Sherlock was a little surprised on how, despite his behaviour, Armand didn't fit the prototype or profile of a gay man. Sherlock's mind travelled to the first time he had met Moriarty with Molly at the lab, "...what do I have to do... if I want to... gain a little piece of your heart?"
“Why, hell, did she tell
. We can’t blow or charade.”
“You okay?”
"Hm? Why do you-?" he glanced down at his own body, he had almost forgotten. "Oh"
He made a fuss and fell near John's armchair, dishevelling some papers there. By the corner of his eye he saw Mrs. Hudson leaving with a shrug directed at him. Good.
John smiled and finished the sentence, "…she had confessed to you, first."
"Hm?" Sherlock hummed back, he moved lower until he reached a nipple. He stared at it curious, John's fingers still tangled in his hair, his eyes narrowed as he watched Sherlock's every move. Deliberately slow, lifting his gaze, Sherlock kissed the nipple and then took it between his teeth. John couldn't help a loud moan and his eyes flew open at his own sound. He heard Sherlock hum again as he pulled on it not so gently.
"God! John…!" this time, Sherlock's body tensed and his back arched up for a moment, the grip on the cushion was firm, his arm even shook from it. Sherlock was panting heavily and his frown suddenly disappeared. His body relaxed back to a normal sleeping posture. His breathing went back to a normal rate and, after a couple of seconds, he was peacefully sleeping again.
He walked to the kitchen and Sherlock followed. He stopped next to the counter, crossed his arms over his chest, mocking offence. “So am I being replaced, then?”
Lestrade fulfilled his promise, a couple of weeks after the museum there was the kidnapping of the banker, no Donovan and no Anderson. Somehow along that case they also solved the one about Ricoletti. There was certain help directly from Italy about the data of the underground mafia and their locations in London where they found the banker. Sherlock did acknowledge about it, and soon he and John had taken a hold that it was Armand Smith's doing things there to help them from afar. Not in vain all of the envelopes they received were signed by '
He saw with horror his hand getting closer to John’s without his mind’s permission. He couldn’t stop it but gave John’s hand two little taps with his fingers to cover for it.
"Sherlock..." John faced the man next to him finally and when he did, he took a hold of the pain those light eyes held, a certain longing there, something misplaced, not normal. John couldn't put his finger on it.
again.
“John, I need you to stay here. Call Lestrade and tell him to go to Ridling Thorpe. Follow Abby’s possible route and ETA on the GPS. Stay alert, you’ll know when to come out of this room.” Sherlock walked towards the door, sniffed the air and added, “Put your jumper over your nose when you do.”
There was a gasp and a thud as John let himself fall onto the chair behind him and then heavy, rapid breathing.
"I don't trust him." She muttered.
us to come in a cab. Don't try to hide it, I saw you saving the key in your pocket and it was clearly from a car leasing company. And you have sugar on your shoe, you never eat inside a car, so I assume a previous user."
let me pay you for massages once in a while.”
man, I'm sure kids tend to love you."
John frowned, opening his eyes, not knowing what Sherlock meant. Again, he didn't want to ask. And again, Sherlock's simple statement '
“And why…!” There was Sherlock’s low rumble, barely audible. The rest of the sentence got lost in the distance.
"I believe you already know. It's your father after all." Sherlock said, leaning his body on the kitchen door's frame. It wasn't a big flat, the kitchen was small and it had a little table in the middle with only two chairs.
There was a moment where their eyes met for what seemed hours. This time it was Sherlock looking down at John’s lips and back to his eyes. John cleared his throat and turning around, asked, “Did you... uh... recognise the text?”
Then he recalled John's words, in a shower, right after that nightmare. So different from his own mind, John's fears were different than his own. He closed his eyes, recalling John's soft breathing against his back, recalling those words. The words that would give him strength, the words that made sure John's feeling were real, deep and solemn. The words that proved John's personality, and the deep bond connecting both of them even after all of the events from this fatidic day.
John suddenly no longer felt like eating and he pushed his plate slightly away. He had an idea what he'd done to Sherlock, how it had affected him. He knew because of what he'd heard and the little he'd seen. But he'd never know fully, never truly understand.
And John I would be telling you the exact same thing if Sherlock had relapsed. Hard boundaries. Hard lines. Love, and trust and respect and help and sympathy, but not at the expense of your sanity or your soul."
"Madness." James supplied.
"I think so. And I feel good. I've quit smoking again, divorce finally came through. I think I'm ready to move on."
"I said, meet me for lunch. In a proper restaurant as opposed to some abandoned underground car park. Speedy's? Angelo's?"
"I'm bored, John, you're boring me."
No. Yes.
She sobbed against him, her body heavy in his arms.
"We were on a date...finally." Molly said as though he'd asked. "We just finished dinner but I wanted some crisps so we came in and... John, what happened." She asked.
"What do you want to know?"
"I'm not emotional about this. I realized my same-sex attraction decades ago. It is a point of interest neither propelling nor guiding my life. It is a fact, that is all. Facts are not emotional."
"Sit." He ordered him and Sherlock obeyed.
In fact, his body was growing heavier as he was being tugged down toward sleep.
I hope you're ok. Please let me know. Four words would do it; "I'm ok. Fuck off."
. The POG on
John is correct. I have been roundly set straight.
"I don't know if it's that simple." He said cupping his cheek. "I hate him for hurting you."
He didn't even consider not answering it. There could be something wrong with Rosie or some other sort of emergency with their friends.
He held it together until the service ended. Then he stood at her casket and place his hand on the smooth wood of the lid. She was there. Inside. Sealed off from him forever. He burst into tears for a moment but no one rushed to his side. If Sherlock had been there...
"John, I would never, ever hurt you. Not you, never you." He was so painfully earnest I almost couldn't bear it.
Sleep was elusive.
Sherlock groaned softly.
Just as he promised his boyfriend he would.
"You're right. We have to stand strong."
"Will you always be this saccharine?" Sherlock said trying and aiming for irritation. He only ended up sounding relaxed, fond and hopeful.
"Yes, Nell, of course. I remember you. How are you? How are you both?" He asked sitting up a little straighter.
"I have a few things in mind. And trust me, your body will be so busy your mind won't have a chance to be bored."
“A bit, yes.”
"I love you too. Thank you for waiting for me."
"Money is how you determine your self-worth? Seems healthy. Is this some sort of bizarre strutting about because you feel emasculated; by finances, by sex, by having to wave farewell to heterosexuality? Because if it is John, it's boring. It bores me. Take whatever job you like doing whatever you want. I've never stopped you before and I have no intention of doing so now. But don't drag me into this as though it were a choice for the greater good."
"Goodnight, Sherlock."
"When you feel the need not to lie to me, John, I'll be here." She said not unkindly. "See you tomorrow.
And he was. Sherlock was not a sexual being, not remotely. Not to mention the fact that John wasn't attracted to him. Not at all. Not in the least. He was straight. He was a married straight man. Widowed. Widowed straight man. He didn't know why he had kissed him. Now, after the fact, the move baffled him. All he could come up with was that it was just a strange part of what he feared was the start of a mental breakdown.
John had pulled himself together and then he, David; the bloke Mary's used to date, Major Sholto, Mike Stamford, Greg and Janine wrapped their palms around the brass handles of the casket and lifted it up, carrying it at waist level. A female pallbearer was odd, but not unheard of. If things had been as they should have been Sherlock would have been the sixth. If things had been as they should have been Mary wouldn't have died.
“John.”
His trained ear heard muffled, ragged and shaky breathing, the wet sound of flesh against flesh and the unmistakable sound of rustling clothes in a steady rhythm coming from behind the half-closed door of the small bathroom in which he and Sherlock had been earlier. As soon as he came a few steps closer to the place, all of the sounds ceased, turning into a pregnant silence.
Now, John couldn't help but wonder why Sherlock didn't want to talk about it... maybe he just didn't know how to explain it. It would be easier to explain how the mother reacted, but Sherlock had made him read and conclude by himself. John smiled bitterly. There were still things about normal actions and reactions which Sherlock wasn't comfortable with.
actions. Do you have any idea of how that would look in my resume? Case or not.”
“If you were a woman I would’ve thought you were flirting,” John added after a moment.
"Well I do have to press a number. One or two?"
Maybe if he tried to separate a bit his work and his own needs he should be able to keep John safe from it.
to refer to a crime usually involving family or lovers... everything made sense now.
"Last numbers: o, one. One is for the 'a' in Armand's name, nineteen is for 's' in Smith; the nineteenth letter in the alphabet... and the last...o, one..." Sherlock put the card between the table and his own large hand with a loud thud, "...still trying to figure it out."
He sipped the cold coffee silently and continued, in the same sensual and throaty voice.
Sherlock snorted. “That’s reassuring.”
“Thank you,” Martin said. He smirked and nodded after a moment, when he saw the first photograph. “Wow, okay. This is new.” He looked at Sherlock. “I never even imagined they would be using thermal spectre to test the clients. It’s brilliant!”
With that, Sherlock hung up and walked into the deserted London’s street.
"Every death in London is a suicide according to the Yard... it's too soon to tell."
"Molly?"
.’ His own voice resonated in his mind as he pressed it securely over the bridge of his violin. ‘
“Wrong: that’s a word you can say without a problem,” John said between roars of laughter. “Wonder why,” he looked at Sherlock who just shrugged and returned his gaze to his phone, but there was a small smile still playing around his lips.
"We need at least one name to make a code!"
Watson,” Sherlock corrected, watching attentively the door as one of the Yarders came to take Elsie away with John whose face was also covered by a green disposable mask and his gun already in the safety of his jeans.
"Are you all right?"
"Hm? Why not?" Sherlock lifted his eyes from the screen, staring intently at John's eyes.
He sighed, he knew Ella was right, there was a time when he should say it aloud, just one time, just once.
But in Mycroft's eyes it was deeper; ever since they were at the mortuary recognising Miss Adler's supposed corpse at Christmas, it was the time in which he felt the
“Yeah. Well,” John took a deep breath, his amusement from before completely gone, “I saw you just got in for arm massage, though.”
“There is also an
"I'm... good."
“Yes, Miss…” A polite smile, flashy eyes at the receptionist, he looked at the batch on her breast, yes. “Miss Eldridge, right?” A smile and a wink. That should do it. “William Scott. I have an appointment with Hamish Watson? Called this morning. He told me he had changed his workplace?” If you raise your voice enough times, almost clueless, you’re opening yourself to conversation.
’). Sherlock nodded through an intake of air.
Again, little white good-John was telling him
"I'm not the one endangering him, Mr. Holmes... if Sherlock finds the truth, the ones falling down is going to be people in your side... my father's side..."
the one who did all those things after all."
It was awful.
"God... what have you done to me..." John asked when he felt himself getting hard again between them, Sherlock was getting into the same state. They moved lazily, they kissed softly, Sherlock buried his face in John's shoulder, his mouth was open as he panted and kissed John alternately.
Rosie was already running to Sherlock’s side asking for a hug. He lifted her and kissed her cheek as she kissed back with a wet “
’. “I texted Martin letting him know Wilson is innocent, and if you say my name, he’s going to give you more details.”
Sherlock thought for himself. "Now, are you still touching yourself?" he asked.
The tone which advised John to have
He heard a door closing at the distance and a thud of someone sitting on a chair. A sigh, Mycroft's sigh. He head a rustling in the microphone and then a mutter.
, but he helped involuntarily, you don't want your family to be involved in this matter, so you want to put your hands on them first. So part of your family works either directly in the government or justice department."
"Good. What else?" John lowered his sight to Sherlock and took a real hold on how close their faces were. He smiled shortly.
"Look, we're calling him, I don't care what you say," Greg said in his usual raspy voice, it sounded even harsher when he was mad like now.
"You're a saint, Mrs. Hudson, thank you. Really." John said, walking to the door as well. He closed it as soon as he heard the lady's slow steps. "You really need to be nicer to her. I hope you do apologize as soon as you go down..." he said, turning to look at Mycroft.
and he noted that the room called
“Doing what?” Sherlock placed the cup on the desk and looked at the photos at the same time.
"Hello, are you Mr. Watson? Doctor John Watson?"
"Did you love me, Sherlock? Did you feel the same for me?"
Sherlock quickly glanced the papers in his hands. He recognized the man.
Sherlock observed John's erection almost touching his navel, the tip was glossy and he couldn't help but lick it, it was tentative at first, but then he moved his hand to tamp from the base, grabbing it. John moaned when he did that, tilting his head further back in the pillow, the sound went directly to Sherlock's erection but he had other things in mind. He licked softly and then tasted, moving his tongue along his palate again. The taste was incredibly raw and it made Sherlock feel something very strong at the bottom of his belly. What was that, but just a flavour? He parted his jaw and sucked at the tip, looking for more. It was sour and salty and held a bit of vinegar too.
"She is Philip's sister."
face. John was walking over to them when then the girl gave Sherlock a loud slap on his face. Sherlock just looked at her and smirked arrogantly. Of course he knew she was going to slap him but he let her do it. She walked away fast and, as she passed next to John, she gave him a hateful glare and thumped him with her shoulder. John's curiosity grew when he saw her expression.
Armand shook his head with a smile. His gaze travelled by Sherlock's figure as both of them sipped on their coffee. Sherlock wore a deep frown and seemed lost in thoughts, the phrase
Sherlock stepped in and smirked. He had taken off his scarf, coat and blazer and he, like John, was only in a white button-up shirt. It wasn't chilly outside and the flat was still illuminated by the first hours of sunset, giving the place a comfy, cosy feeling.
“Like Hamish touched William.”
"Why didn't you tell me about it?"
John looked at Sherlock over his laptop. He was waiting for an answer. Very well, then.
Sherlock answered the silent question with a proud smirk, gesturing his own clothes, "it’s in the other pocket... you usually sleep on your left side, but you also save your phone in your left pocket. It's obvious you had to change it to the right one so you could have some sleep, else you should have a mark in your wrist... which you don't have... now back to the topic, why are you worried and didn't want to turn your phone back on? Embarrassment. You were actually aroused last night."
"You okay?" Louis got closer to Sherlock and patted his shoulder hard and friendly.
The posture John held now, looking out of the window, also screamed a lot to Sherlock.
When Sherlock came back to himself his knees were completely drenched and John said Mrs Hudson goodnight.
"You can't use your-!" John shook his head as he walked inside, bending up a little. "You never change, do you..."
“Red-handed it is,” Sherlock gave a short chuckle. “Let’s give her something to think about, maybe we can distract her if she’s getting suspicious of us,” he whispered and placed his open palm fully on John’s nape, then closed it over John’s hair, exposing his own neck entirely and pressing John’s face to it, aware of how John would be able to
as a variable in the experiment after all.
At the Diogenes Club, the story wasn't at all that different.
The man in front didn't answer but stood up quickly, took one of the books beside the chair and opened it in a marked page. He handed it to John.
"By talking about a gland." John laughed shortly; he tried to ignore his heart that almost exploded at the phrase, "talking about romantic... and idealistic."
"That
' Lestrade had told him, half joke, half serious. Similar was John when writing about that on his blog.
“This is a mess… how do people even… with oil?” John was laughing so hard that even Sherlock was being physically moved over him at the rhythm of his breathing.
', [Trousers]
He stretched a little in the couch. He wasn't much into this as he thought. Maybe the experiment was destined to fail, but he had to finish it to get optimal results.
"I said: government or justice department."
"He's on his way to the station now, we should be able to have more data soon."
,” Sherlock stated, looking down at John’s face, his right eyebrow high up his forehead. “Should we ask for someone else?”
"I want my dressing gown. It wasn't in the bathroom so I assume you put it in here." He said, turning the handle of the furniture.
At the sudden question, Sherlock looked up and sighed, closing the book with his finger trapped between a few sheets. The body language Sherlock had was very clear to John. The simple act of closing the book let him know he could ask as much as he wanted; Sherlock had his full attention directed at him.
"Well, Sherlock... let's see... for starters, the hypophysis, a shorter name, is right here," John moved his index finger to Sherlock's nape, he stopped and frowned, "did you take another shower?"
“Could be.” After a pause of watching John writing on his notebook, he made a gesture to John’s improvised seat and asked, “Do you want to swap places now?”
are around. You
New Scotland Yard, 11 am.
"Amanda Green" she said, shaking hands with the doctor and smiling gently. "So…" she added eyeing Sherlock, who now had the folder in his hands and was explaining something to Lestrade, "… is he your partner?"
"Yeah." John was still with his gaze on the road, they were actually closer to a place outside London; in the distance there was a building, and near that, an almost dried canal.
"Sherlock..." the guy lowered his voice. He seemed really enthusiastic with this "...what do you like?"
**..**
"No, I stopped when we changed topic."
He started with the back and shoulder blades. With a feathery touch, Sherlock moved his hands down John's back all the way to the hips, pressing the bone softly. He considered spooning John for a moment, wanting to feel the pressure of the older man's body closer to him but the thought was disregarded immediately; this was about John, he wanted to gather John's data and pleasure him at the same time, raw sensations, not filtered, he reminded himself.
"What's so funny?" She questioned with an amused smile.
**..**
, then?” Sherlock asked out of nowhere. John started a new fit of silent laughter.
Sherlock tried not to move any facial muscle as he listened to his flatmate, but he couldn’t help but to interrupt. "A
He made his way to the toilet and John had to repress his laughter as Sherlock fought with his erected penis trying to release his bladder, even when he wasn't looking, frustrated noises narrated what the detective was going through.
"Well, put your jacket back on. We're going on a date tonight."
Moving his gaze a little lower he fixed it over the cupid bows on his upper lips. Little red marks above them, a hollow at the end of each curve where it met the lower lip. He remembered the texture, how warm and soft they were. Somehow his mind flew back to their first kiss. A stupid peck first and then a dry, naive, inexperienced kiss. His heart started to beat loudly against his chest but he ignored it. He moved his gaze to the beauty marks above his neck and he had to blink. Somehow blinking right now was a waste of time.
"It is." Sherlock couldn't help a little smile. He remembered once John had said, almost a year ago
with you?" asked Jack, now turning completely to look at him, he was cleaning a glass with a cloth.
The adrenaline felt like an invitation, like all those years ago.
“That’s correct!” Martin said with a tone of admiration that wasn’t missed either by Sherlock – who smiled, the cheeky git – or John, who felt himself frowning against his will.
succeeding,” Sherlock whispered and then his body went tense. “They’re coming back.”
The detective let out an incredible sound, like a loud groan, an octave lower than his usual voice. The sound made John's hands frozen right there, waking him up from an extraordinary trance. He took a hold on Sherlock's fast breathing, his back trembling with each gulp of air. Tentatively, he made more pressure there using his thumbs, and there was a softer moan, similar to the first, but not as intense. Sherlock fisted the sheets beneath him tightly.
Sherlock's shoulders were shaking due to a controlled laughter. A light deep chuckle could be heard in the flat. There was no response on his phone anymore, so John maybe had finally succumbed to sleep. He started to play with the device in his hand: it fled in the air, gave a few laps and then came down to his waiting hand. He repeated the process uncountable times.
alright."
“No, no. We’re -”
"If you rather do that than speaking directly to me... though I doubt it would suffice now..." he sighed loudly, "I'm sure you're aware of what happened before I came here. I can't reach to conclusions but I can be almost certain that I'm wanted dead."
"Greg! Thank God!" John exclaimed, Sherlock was surprisingly heavy, so now the doctor had a little trouble breathing. "Help me out here, would yah..." John groaned trying to sit up. Sherlock tried to bring himself over his feet again but he fell back on John's stomach, making the older man gasp with the blow thrown directly over his lower torso.
Sherlock's stomach twisted as he stared down at that expression; there was lust, confusion and tenderness, all put together on John's face somehow. Sherlock pushed himself up on his palms, his curls damp against his forehead.
