Cas pushed Dean back on the bed, smirking as the man bounced a few times from the force of it before climbing up his body. Cas straddled Dean's hips and leaned down, draping himself across the man so he could press their lips together. The kiss started out sweet, lips drawn between lips, suckling, nibbling… then turned into so much more, a clash of tongues and teeth and hands fisted into hair, tugging in desperation.
“So you want to have sex with me?” Cas asked with a familiar tilt of his head, ever one to get right to the point.
“I could never get sick of you, Angel. I just got you back,” Dean said against the curve of Cas ear, earning him a sigh and little shiver that he felt against his chest. That warm scent of happy alpha was on the air again and it was quickly becoming addictive. Dean could get drunk on that smell and knew he’d spend the rest of his life making Cas happy enough to smell like that all the time.
“I, um, I wanted to give this back,” Cas says softly as he pulls a crisp fifty dollar bill out of the pocket of his lounge pants.
Cas is pressed against Dean from shoulder to hip, their usual position so Cas can point out stars and planets of interest.
"It's moments like this, I wish we were normal people who get to take vacations." Dean said with a laugh. "Just take off for a week or two and hole up in a hotel, not some shitty motel, but an actual hotel with elevators, clean sheets and little mints on the pillow. Maybe even one of those huge tubs we could both fit in at the same time and a balcony overlooking something beautiful. A beach or Niagara Falls. Shit, anywhere really, as long as you're with me.”
Cas nodded. He couldn’t say that he hadn’t felt that way, because he had, and often. “You’re forgiven,” was all he could say. “For everything.”
Dean's hands were buried in the angel's hair, fisting it as Cas' lips trailed down his jaw and throat sucking the flesh there and marking his hunter. Cas drew back, surveying his work, smirking down at the deep purple bruise he'd left in his wake.
Dean leans back against the counter, his ass barely skimming the cushioned top of the stool beneath him as Cas bears most of his weight. He grips Cas’ biceps with bruising force, unable to gain purchase on other body parts due to his own legs blocking the way. He hangs on tightly, fingertips digging into soft flesh and hard muscle that shifts with Cas’ movements.
Dean tries not to smile, but he’s beaming over at Cas. “Sounds like a date, Alpha,” he laughs. “But seriously though, sounds nice. What about our show?”
“Whatever you want, Cas,” he says and he kisses the alpha’s nose because he just can’t help himself.
“You thinking mom is gone and Cas is gone, and that Jack can’t be saved,” Sam sighed. “Dean, after everything we’ve gone through… We just lost people we love, people who have been in our lives for a long time. Everything’s upside-down. I get it. But we’ve been down before. I mean, rock bottom. And we find a way.
When they got closer, Cas tugged his hand away and pulled his shoes off and rolled up the cuffs on his jeans in case a particularly large wave  crashed to the shore and washed over their feet. Dean handed him the blanket to hold onto before he did the same, placing their shoes side by side at a safe distance from the water as the marker that would lead them back to the right dune path. He took the blanket back and tucked under his arm, taking Cas’s hand again and leading him down the beach.
Cas scowled at Dean, tempted to simply shove him from his room, but he didn’t want to lose Dean before he’d had him. “Maybe it is,” he said with a shrug. “I am not human, Dean. It would do you well to remember that before you give yourself to me. Some things I do may not seem normal to you, but they’re instinctual for me. ”
Cas slowed now, allowing him to ride it out and come down from the earth shattering climax. He leaned down, licking a stripe up Dean's torso, gathering up some of the semen and swallowing it down as if it were the sweetest honey.
“Good?” Dean asked when his thumb could go no further, crooking it to rub against Castiel’s prostate after a whispered ‘yes.’ The pad of his thumb was making quick work of turning Cas into a whimpering mess, and Dean pressed the knuckles of his middle and forefinger into Cas’ perineum, rubbing back and forth in time with his thumb to stimulate his prostate from two directions.
“Holy hell,” he agrees. Between ticket sales and tips, they raked in over 22,000 tokens. Right around $1100. Just for having some of the best sex of Dean’s life and letting people watch. Maybe Cas'd had the right idea all these years.
Dean bit his lip and averted his eyes. “Will you… could you maybe,” he sighed and let the rest of the question come out in a barely intelligible jumble of words. “canyoubringyourwingsbackout?”
Cas nodded his consent. “I am yours, Dean. Always.” It didn't matter if it hurt, Cas could give Dean this. He could relinquish control and let Dean use him and bend him to his will until he felt better. Cas knew he deserved it for what he’d done and what he was still going to do before the night was out.
The trip down the hall was fast and quiet as they tried not to draw attention to what they were about to do. There was no grabbing at each other or pushing each other into walls to make out every few feet. It was just Cas’ hand gripping Dean’s tightly and tugging him toward Dean’s bedroom. Sam would find out soon enough, and with Eileen off on her own again he really didn’t need to be woken up for Dean’s impromptu coming out party.
Dean’s eyes go wider than Cas has ever seen them. “Cas… I’ve been with a lot of people over the years. Alphas, betas, other omegas…
Dean sat back on his heels and Cas gathered himself, climbing out of the tub to glare down at Dean where he knelt at his feet. He had the passing thought that Dean looked good there, on his knees before him, then he was dropping to his own and pushing Dean back onto the floor.
Dean parked in Castiel’s driveway, then rooted around in the trunk for a plaid blanket they could sit on should they decide to stop and stargaze. He rejoined Castiel where he waited on the sidewalk then they walked the sandy path through the dunes, only the light of the moon to light their way through the thick, tall grasses to the beach that sat beyond.
“It’s just that… well it could be very lucrative if we advertise ahead of time. It’s a bit of a niche kink thing, but the money…” he trails off as Dean appears by his side.
Once they were backed out of the driveway, Dean finally spoke, “Just gonna head up to the boardwalk. Grab some greasy food, ride some rides?”
“F-fuck!” Dean cried out as Castiel flattened his tongue, licking from his hole, to the tip of his cock. Dean grasped behind his knees, pulling them even higher, shameless in how he wanted Castiel’s tongue to stay right where it was, alternating between flicking over his hole and pressing just slightly inside. Cas palmed his ass, spreading him wide, a low growl rumbling in his chest as he ate Dean out with fervor. Dean’s fingers were digging into his own thighs and his bottom lip was trapped between his teeth as he fought to stifle the moans that threatened to shatter the peace around them.
It was just his parents and himself, the last Novak kid in the nest, no siblings there to defend nor turn against him. He wished Gabriel was there more than anything.
Dean laid in his own bed, eyes heavy, listening to the soft snuffling snores of his brother. After so many years of sharing shady motel rooms, Dean could tell when Sam was just pretending to sleep, and when he was really out, and Dean knew he was, for all intents and purposes, alone right now.
Dean drove back to the bunker, his was mood dark and stormy and he could feel the itch for a fight roiling around under his skin. He wasn’t ready to go back and face Sam, to deal with seeing Jack again. When he arrived at the bunker and saw Sam waiting for him at his laptop, Dean could feel something pull taut inside himself, like a rubber band, ready to snap. All he needed was a little push.
Cas groans as Dean swallows him back down and starts to bob his head. He feels himself getting close and tugs Dean off by his hair, gently.
he thinks as he watches a bead of sweat trickle down the center of Dean’s back and disappear into his shorts.
“I’d still have a mortgage to pay on the condo,” Dean said thoughtfully. “I don’t know if I’m ready to sell it. It’s the first thing I ever really bought for myself.”
“You don't have to say it, Dean. I know,” Cas said, echoing what he’d said in Purgatory only hours earlier and kissing Dean sweetly.
“Why wait? Let’s see it!” Come to think of it, he’s never seen Cas open one of his wishlist boxes and he wonders why that is.
“Fuck yes,” Dean groans out as his hands scrabble along the comforter looking for something to hang on to as Cas rocks against him forcefully. “Breed me, alpha. Fuckin’ knot me,” he begs, pushing back to meet Cas thrust for thrust. The sound of skin slapping skin is only bested in intensity by their combined scents filling the room and Dean feels like he could drown in cinnamon.
Dean sighs and opens presents from his parents, his brother, Sam and sister in law, Eileen, thanking everyone for the usual array of products for his car and gift certificates to the local café he buys coffee from daily. The gifts may not be a surprise, but they are all things he needs and appreciates, and each family member gets a hug and a sincere second thank you on their way out the door.
Cas presses more soft kisses across Dean’s back before he gently lays them on their sides so he can see the chat for the first time since their ticket show began.
It started not long after Cas had left. Desperate prayers begging him to stop, that it wasn’t too late and he could just come back. They evolved as the days went by into angry tirades berating Cas for lying to and betraying him, for leaving him. Finally, the prayers became woeful and sad, begging Cas to come back, to just let Dean know he was alive, that Dean missed him, worried about his safety and loved him, and he just wanted to see Cas’ face again. He could hear the tears in Dean’s voice. He caught every little broken word and hitched breath as Dean prayed to him. It was unbearable, and he ached to return to him.
for him and all he can think about is the slick leaking out of Dean’s ass, making his thighs glisten with the sheer volume of it. He turns Dean to the side a little for a better camera angle, then palms Dean’s asscheeks, marveling at the freckles that dot his skin, even here. “You are so beautiful,” he says before he can stop himself.
Cas swirled his tongue, feeling Dean relax more and more as he spent more time there. He pushed his tongue inside, feeling the muscle give easily. Dean was so willing and open for him and the thought of it made Cas groan. He pushed a finger in beside his tongue and Dean pressed back, desperate for more.
he thinks. “I appreciate that you’d be willing to help me, man. It doesn't have to mean anything. Lots of Omegas out there have anonymous heat sex or hire services. At least I’d have someone who cares about me. I know you won’t let me dehydrate or anything.”
“Fuck!” he cried out as the tip of the soldering iron bumped into his hand, burning him. He immediately dropped the solder and the iron, the latter landing on the piece and shattering some of the sections of glass.
Dean’s breathing hitches as Cas tucks in closer, pressing his chest against Dean’s back and snaking an arm around Dean’s hips to hold him still. Cas starts to sway in time with the music, and Dean lets himself be lead, tipping his head back to rest on Cas’ shoulder. He’s in trouble. The closer he allows Cas to get, the deeper their scent bond grows, but he’s finding it hard to care about the inevitable fallout when Cas’ warm lips are ghosting over his skin and raising goosebumps in their wake.
She swung the door open and Castiel was overpowered with the strong scent of tart apples, butter, toasted pastry and brown sugar.
Dean nods enthusiastically and hears Cas’ “tsk-tsk-tsk.” He’s disappointed the Alpha already and he longs for whatever punishment he’ll receive.
“Fuck,” he breathes out when it gets to be too much and Cas pulls off of him and wipes his mouth on the comforter before crawling back up Dean’s body again.
Cas let out a surprised moan as Dean’s hand snaked between them and cupped his hardening bulge, pressing his palm against him and squeezing. Dean’s lips moved over the sensitive skin of Cas’ neck, kissing and sucking, his tongue darting out every so often to taste him. “Dean,” Cas breathed, his senses overwhelmed.
I'm not sure if this reunion was what people were hoping for, and the sex wasn't great. but angry, detached sex called for a shorter, less detailed bit o'smut in my eyes. Eventually, they'll get their shit together and you'll get some real smut.
“Don’t tease me, Dean. It’s been a very long time since I’ve been with an omega.” Cas’ voice is low and husky and his scent is permeating the room, cinnamon sneaking in now, something Dean rarely scents on Cas.
He rolled on top of Cas, trailing kisses down his body until he reached his cock, then he took it in his mouth, sucking lightly. Cas’ legs parted, and Dean reached between them, pressing the pads of two fingers against his hole. Cas moved beneath him, and a second later he heard the drawer of the nightstand open and the sound of Cas rummaging through it blindly. A second later, a bottle of lube was being tapped against his temple.
“Look, Cas,” Dean says, breaking the agonizing silence between them. “Those tokens were loaded in there when I started this whole ‘research’ thing. I figured it would be the polite thing to do to tip some of the more helpful rooms. Kinda like an investment, right?” Dean smiles tightly, then shovels some food in his mouth.
Cas slips a hand between Dean’s legs and pushes two fingers into Dean’s waiting hole without preamble. Dean moans and starts to stroke himself, the tip of his cock mere inches from Cas’ open mouth.
He shoves back in hard enough to knock Dean’s head into the headboard, but that only seems to make Dean beg for it more.
“You’re my true mate, Cas,” Dean said, his breath hitching as he held in a sob. “You have to feel this pull. This isn’t just your rut and my heat, it’s so much more.”
Cas is pounding into him fast and hard, angling himself just right to press against his sweet spot, and Dean can’t help but moan with every new thrust. “Don’t stop,” he begs, knowing he can come like this, as long as Cas doesn’t come first, and Cas won’t come first. He never does. It all circles back to that
“He was alone,” the bartender answered. “But he didn’t look particularly happy. If I didn’t know better, I’d think he was jealous.” She cocked her head towards the black haired girl Dean had been talking to minutes before.
From the moment they moved in and onward, Cas decided that camming could pay the bills, and he stuffed his degree in the kitchen junk drawer where it stayed for the last eight or so years, buried under loose twist ties and rarely used kitchen utensils. He dug it out once when he got bored enough to apply for a part time job at the planetarium in Kansas City, then back into the drawer it went.
“What are these?” Dean drags his index finger over the little white, bell-shaped flowers at the very bottom of the tattoo where it starts just above the dip of his hipbone.
“Of course you did,” Cas laughs. “One piece of advice? Add your Amazon wishlist to your profile. You’d be surprised how many people don’t want tips to show up on a credit card because they have mates, but won’t hesitate to send you gifts.”
They lie there, shoulder to shoulder in comfortable silence long enough for the clouds to do just that, leaving the sky clear enough for the stars to shine through.
There were far too many upsides to upending his life to just walk away from it all. Gabriel had been uncharacteristically brilliant with his money, having only taken a 15 year mortgage when he purchased his home, and Castiel’s accountant brain loved the idea of owning a flourishing business and a mortgage-free house. Even after property taxes, what the brothel brought in would keep him more than comfortable for the rest of his life. He could only endeavor to run it with as much integrity as Gabriel had. Though he was an alpha, not a controlled beta like his brother had been, he was the most in control alpha he knew of, having been celibate for two decades. He could do this. His brothel would never be like one of those dusty, alpha-owned, trailer park brothels Nevada was known for. No, this was a classy establishment in one of the richest areas in the state, and it would stay that way.
The view was overwhelming for Castiel. The simple human experience of sex was still all so new to the angel, but add to it the fact that it was sex with Dean and the visual stimulation of seeing it in all its glory, and he was close to short circuiting.
So Dean agreed to do some research and ‘think about it.’ When Cas offered to answer Dean’s questions, Dean brushed him off because talking about sex with the one person he desperately wanted to have it with was not up for discussion.
for some reason. Black would fit Cas. Then a flash of serious blue eyes the shade of brushed denim came to mind and Dean blurted out “Black and Blue.”
“He was more though, wasn’t he?” The artist had stood up, leaving the now finished design on the table. He began gathering supplies.
His own Cas had told Dean, ‘I love you,’ more than a year ago and Dean knew what it meant when Cas had added, ‘I love all of you,’ to the end. That first one was Dean’s alone, and so very different than the way Cas loved Sam and Mary, and it didn’t surprise him in the least. Deep down, Dean had known. Still, he remained a coward. He could never bring himself to say it back, even after Cas
"God Cas," he groaned, thrusting his hips forward into Cas' grasp. "How are we ever supposed to get any work done again? I can't keep my fucking hands off of you.”
“Everything you promised me, Dean, I promise the same,” Cas said, as if he could read Dean’s thoughts. “You’re it for me too.”
Dean is nodding, still caressing the soft leather and looking at it with dark eyes. “Yeah, this should do the trick.”
He pushes in further, slowly, letting out a breath as he bottoms out. The tension goes out of Cas’ body as Dean lays himself across his back, getting as much skin on skin as they can manage. Cas moans as Dean grinds slow and sinuously inside of him.
Dean kissed behind Cas’ ear and Cas could feel Dean’s grin against his skin. “Soon. I think it’ll be done in a day or two, then it’ll be ready for installation. Hopefully there won’t be too many adjustments that need to be made, and they can get it in before you have to go. I want you to see it in all its glory with the sun shining through it.”
Cas slipped his hands into Dean's hair, scratching his scalp lovingly before sharply yanking on a fistful of the man’s hair.
“Maybe we should call it a night,” Dean said, rolling up to his knees and brushing the stray sand from his body before standing and offering Cas a hand up. Cas allowed himself to be pulled to his feet, leaning in for a quick kiss once he was close enough.
Al stuttered, then reddened in anger, reaching across the bar and yanking Dean by his shirt until he was bent over the bar top. “I’ll fuck the cum out of you right now, right in front of all of these people just to wipe that self-important look off your smug little face!”
"A cougar? You mean, an actual animal attack?" Dean smiled wide as Cas returned to his side with a warm washcloth and started wiping the semen from his torso. He let out a little "mmm" sound without thinking.
“I take it that was a good phone call? I haven't seen you smile like that all day,” Cas said, happy that Dean finally seemed happy.
“Busy. Big lawsuit against the old paint factory that dumped into the lake back in the 70’s. The townsfolk want it cleaned up and paid for by the company, but since it was long before people were so environmentally conscious, they’re trying to use the defense that they cleaned up their act once they learned about the affect their actions had.”
"No you wouldn't. You'd find a way to go on, because you're strong and this world needs you. It's over now. We've betrayed each other a few times, you and I, haven't we? But we still ended up here. We've forgiven each other. Life is good, Dean." The angel was rubbing circles on Dean's wrist with his thumb as he spoke evenly.
“The stencil look ok?” The tattooist asked as he set up his needles and inks, and Dean mumbled an affirmative. “What color were you thinking?”
“Good, you’re back! Me and Cas did all the hard work, get your asses in here and trim the tree!” Dean called.
“You’re right. I can already smell you,” Cas sighed and buried his face in Dean’s neck, breathing in the sweet apple scent as he calmed himself down. “Going slow is going to be torture.”
He can feel his cock leaking precum, and he bites his lips to stifle another moan as he feels Cas’ hand wrap around him and take advantage of that lubrication. Cas strokes him slow at first, then faster and Dean is just about to yell out ‘yellow,’ when the hand is gone. He’s panting, thinking about anything but his dick as he tries to will himself not to come. A few seconds go by then the toy begins to vibrate again.
“What did Charlie mean when she said she wanted you to apprentice with her?” Cas asked, huffing when Dean stood and began clearing the dishes closing himself off.
“What I want cannot be wrapped and placed under the tree,” Cas said sadly as he began to place ornaments on the branches. Dean had bought color coordinating ornaments in a scheme of blue, green and silver and Cas had to admit, they looked striking with the white lights reflecting off the glittered patterns and metallic finishes.
“Dean, please,” Cas said a few minutes later. Dean had worked him open with such care and attention, and Cas was so turned on he was panting and his cock was leaking onto his belly. “I’m ready.”
Dean moved less urgently now, grinding his hips against Cas languidly as his angel sighed and pressed kisses to his neck. “I hate when you’re not here. I hate worrying about you.” Dean murmured against Cas’ ear, loving the way his warm breath had the ability to coax a shiver to ripple up his angel’s spine. He would never tire of affecting Cas that way. “I can’t lose you again.”
Cas caught them clumsily and clutched them to his chest nervously as Dean dug around some more and pulled out a simple black, long sleeved henley and tossed that to him as well. He stood there holding the clothes, head tilted to the side in question.
Cas is nosing along the column of Dean’s throat, breathing him in. Then Dean feels the drag of a stubbled jaw over his scent gland and he smiles. Cas is scent marking him. He’s not even sure if Cas realizes he’s doing it, and he’s not about to point it out, not if staying silent means walking around with the alpha’s claim on him.
“‘Like’ is an understatement Cas,” Dean said in awe. “It’s the most perfect gift anyone has ever given me. Thank you.” He kissed Cas hard and returned his attention to the artwork, already mentally deciding which window he’d hang it in. A second later, he was giggling to himself. He’d started his ode to Castiel weeks earlier, but Cas beat him to the punch with his gift.
Dean stood in the back room of his garage workshop, inspecting the large, wooden table he’d built just to hold bigger pieces while he worked on them. The table stood as empty as his inspiration.
Dean pulled away reluctantly. There was nothing he wanted more than to bury himself in Castiel's tight ass, but angel mojo or not, he wasn't going in dry. Dashing to the bed and fumbling with the sheets, he finally found the bottle of lube they'd used earlier. He turned back to where he had left Cas, and found himself tackled by an armful of extremely impatient angel.
Cas cupped his cheek and kissed him softly. “Have you ever had sex with someone you’re in love with?”
“Been kind of busy, kid,” Dean said before grabbing Cas’ hand again and pulling him to his side. “Charlie, this is Cas. Cas, Charlie. She’s the nerd who owns the tattoo shop near the brothel, and my best friend.”
"God, Cas," Dean whispered as he breathed in the scent. His lust blown eyes met the angel's, and he bit his lip, desperate to distract himself. It was all too much. He moved closer to Cas, the wings and the case all but forgotten as desire coursed through his veins. He wrapped both arms around the angel, pressing his fingers against the glands again.
Dean laughed and stood, tugging Cas to his feet and pulling him back toward home. “How ‘bout I just show you?”
Dean felt his cock twitch to life and couldn't help but wonder about what Cas had asked him earlier. He really couldn't keep his hands off of his angel. Would it always be like this when they're together?
He lies there for a few minutes after, far too wobbly to make it to the door just yet. So he watches as Dean lies in the afterglow, rubbing his own cum into his skin as he thanks his viewers with glazed eyes.
“I don’t remember having the exclusivity talk,” Cas joked as Dean’s tongue found it’s way between his cheeks, flicking over his hole. “Mmm, fuck. Do that again.”
“Or we could let the viewers play with you until your dripping and completely open, and I could slip inside you at the same time. It could vibrate on my cock as I fuck it against your prostate.”
Lily had eventually found companionship in her protector, Akobel, and through him, she learned that some angels had goodness and light in them. Akobel’s human weakness was humanity in general. He saw beauty and light in humans and knew they were worth protecting.
“Dean, where are we?” His eyes glitter with the light of the thousands of twinkle lights Dean had hung from the trees earlier in the week.
“Cas,” the name was a plea on Dean’s lips, and Cas answered by finding the lube where he’d left it on the mattress and opening it with a click of the lid. The cool drizzle of it over Dean’s crack made him gasp, a slow drip working it’s way south, over his hole then further still to drench his perineum filthily, in the best possible way.
His hips stilled as he started to float back to his body and Dean pulled him into a kiss before gathering him up in his arms, the mess between them forgotten. Their breathing slowly returned to normal and Cas rolled onto his back, pulling Dean along to straddle him and lay his head on his chest as they waited for Cas’ knot to go down.
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean groaned, pulling away suddenly. “I’m getting back to work before I give in to the urge to let you bend me over right here and now.”
“Can you… can you say, ‘Hello, Dean?’” he choked out. It would break him, he knew that, but he needed it for this all to feel real enough to do what he came here to do.
Cas couldn’t help the moan that slipped from his lips as their bodies pressed together again, all that warm, sweat-slicked skin coming back together. Dean drew his knees up, wrapping his legs around Cas’ waist and pulling him down until their cocks slid alongside each other between their bodies.
He really wants to shut the laptop and continue this with just the two of them. He wants to own Dean, to fuck him until he begs to come and... he wants to bite him.
“You fucker,” he says with no heat behind it before falling into a fit of giggles. The teeshirt is heather grey with big, bold white lettering that spells out, ‘Send me pics of your dad,’ and hard as he tries, Dean cannot stop laughing at it. “Where the fuck did you find this?”
“You need this, Dean. I’ll be fine,” Cas said, wrapping his legs around Dean and holding him still so he couldn’t pull out.
“Hmm,” Cas hums and contemplates all the possibilities. “We could edge you. Let the viewers control the toy while I suck you or jerk you off . Maybe tie your hands to the bedposts so you’re at our mercy.”
Cas matched Dean’s small smile with one of his own before he gave in and decided Dean was right. They should start telling each other things, especially now that Dean seemed receptive to hearing him this time.
Cas takes Dean’s hand and pulls him to his feet. He plasters himself to Dean’s body, well aware that they’re out of frame from the chest up, and kisses him hard. Dean responds immediately, arms wrapping around Cas, lips parting for Cas’ tongue to delve inside. They’re breathing hard when they break apart and Cas sits on the bed, scooting back and beckoning for Dean to join him.
Cas was quiet for a few seconds as he mulled it all over. Clearly Dean was in this for the long haul if he wanted them to share a mortgage. Maybe Cas didn’t need an engagement quite yet.
Sam would never understand. Dean liked his job, craved it even. After their dad dragged him kicking and screaming out of New Jersey two decades earlier, he’d almost died from his broken scent bond with Cas. Eventually, he had heard
“You should stay hydrated,” he says, holding out a cold bottle of water. As Dean takes it, he continues. “I should have made sure you were ok last night. I’m sorry. This is pretty new for me… having sex with a partner.”
“Shit,” he whispers under his breath as Jack reads his shirt and starts giggling. He’s looking at the floor in shame when Cas bends and retrieves his wallet for him. He takes it and tucks it into his pocket and he can feel how red his cheeks are getting.
Castiel beamed at Dean, sheer happiness washing over his features at the suggestion. “Or a canoe? That way we can be together?”
"I thought we had to work," Cas argued with a teasing smirk. His hand trailed over his own chest leaving a glistening trail of oil, then down his body so he could grasp his cock. He stroked himself lazily, still watching Dean stretch himself open. The man's hips had begun to writhe and his head fell back with a thud against the headboard as he hit the glorious bundle of nerves deep inside himself.
“Well, now that I know your secrets, you’re gonna have to kill me, right?” Dean asked, keeping his tone light and playful. “That, or keep tabs on me.”
Castiel cursed and frantically searched for his goggles in his bag. He had his swim cap, but where were his fucking—
He slept fitfully the night before Castiel was set to drive him back to his own apartment. Dean ended up laying in the nest he’d built for himself, staring up at the ceiling, hugging his bee, thinking of the Alpha only a few rooms over. He wondered if Castiel cared what would happen after this, or if Dean was the equivalent of just another person to him. That didn’t seem fair to the Alpha, but Dean’s demons wouldn’t let him release the thought.
Dean mounted Lawrence’s throne on the autumn equinox. The day Crown Prince Dean Winchester became King Dean Winchester of Lawrence, dragons and humans rejoiced. They danced together in the Great Hall, the walls bare of dragon horns and weapons, humans and dragons drinking and laughing together like there were no differences between them. Dean opened the gates of Lawrence to dragons who wanted to live among humans. While some other human kingdoms were calling him insane and even psychotic, others thought he was exactly what the world needed after a war such as the one they'd just ended.
“Dean, you’re bleeding,” Castiel rasped, a little panicked as he took in the pool of crimson that was slowly beginning to spread. The wound in Dean’s thigh was still pumping blood sluggishly. The prince’s skin was pale and clammy to the touch, a sure sign of blood loss. “Dean.” Castiel grabbed the human by the shoulders and shook him. “
since both of them were young adult males in their prime, meaning they were both sporting impressive hard-ons. Castiel could feel Dean’s pressing lightly against his hip.
Castiel tried to search for any fear inside of himself, any terror at the realization that this was death. This was death, staring at him right in the face. This was death, with a singular gray eye and a bandaged face and the cold glint of the barrel of a gun level at his chest. Castiel tried to find that fear.
Alastair snarled at Castiel, though the anger seemed more residual than actually directed at him. He took a step back, thankfully, and managed a gruesome smile for the merman who was still glaring at him. “You and I are going to have so much fun, pretty,” he rasped. Castiel couldn’t help but shudder at the promise in those words. “I can’t wait.”
Outside, the hallway was loud and filled with the sounds of the shrieking alarm. As Alastair watched, teams of security guards began to appear, carrying guns and hurrying toward the source of the explosions. Alastair watched them go for a moment, wondering if they should leave and find refuge in a different part of the building. Probably.
“I don’t mind,” Castiel assured him. As long as Dean was here, they could be sitting on the floor for all he cared. He set down the plate of pie in front of Dean and settled back with his sandwich, taking a massive bite.
Okay, one last thing. I have an ending for this story, but upon reading your rather... spicy comments about how awful Michael is (there's nothing wrong with it, the pure hatred makes me cackle), I need to ask: what's your preferred ending? How do you want Michael to be dealt with? I'm just curious, since I don't think my current ending will be very popular right now lol. (And please, make your suggestions realistic! I would love to see Michael be burned at the stake, but we're about three hundred years past that ;)
“We have no split time, since Dean is new,” Castiel said to the group. He sounded distinctly like this was very important, and Dean was deliberately fucking it up. The green-eyed boy winced. “We’re just going to have to go off of times from last year. If we look at it that way, we’re going to end up four seconds behind the team in three.” Castiel nodded at the other team. “That means we need to each cut at least a second, yes? Long strokes, fast turns, precise dives.”
“Or feeding you fake information just so he can get bent over the kitchen counter again,” Gabriel said, almost to himself.
“Are we ready to begin?” he asked, eyeing the minute twitches of the merman’s muscles as he pulled fruitlessly at the metal bands securing him to the table.
Castiel shook his head. “I have fought on the front lines of the war for many years. I’ve seen some of the best warriors in the world, and none of them compare to your mastery of the sword.”
Dean shifted against him, tilting his head up to blink sleepily, lovingly, as Castiel. His green eyes are hazy again, glassy with pain and fever. They reflected the stars beautifully. “Then what?” he asked quietly.
“Nothing but the usual,” Dean said, smiling warmly at Castiel, exhaustion written into every line of his face. “I’m all yours.”
“The war has waited eight hundred years, Dean,” Castiel cut in, his gaze intense and heavy as it settled on Dean’s. “It can wait a little longer.”
“Yes, to get groceries, dumbass. What else?” He couldn’t help but chuckle, shaking his head as he sliced potatoes and began to throw those into another pan. Castiel grunted noncommittally, making Dean roll his eyes. “Are you coming or not?”
to keep up with what Michael needed and wanted, but this was the first art gallery he’d ever been to and he had no idea what he was supposed to do.
Thank you so much for reading! I hope you're all doing well. Happy holidays, and Merry Christmas! I'm off to spend time with family. See you all soon!
He was way out of his depth, floundering and drowning like a little kid in the deep end of the pool. So he did the only thing he really knew how to do, the only thing he could think of.
When Dean had finished putting on his suit, he checked his phone. He was right on time, with only about five minutes to spare. With nothing else to do but wait for Michael to show up, he wandered out into the living room to check on how Cas was doing.
Dean was quiet and patient, however, watching the forest below them. Castiel was flying low and fast, probably keen on getting hidden again. That was fine. Dean wasn’t too thrilled about the idea of staying out of the cave for very long either.
Unfortunately, as soon as they hopped in the pool, Castiel could tell there was going to be a problem.
Around midday, the city walls came into view. Dean joined the small trickle of people entering in and out of Lawrence’s gates. He hopped back onto Prius’s back just to get above the crowd once they entered the kingdom, eager to see how his city had changed in a year of his absence.
Dean had always had a special relationship with food. Food, when he was younger, was what pleased his father after a night of drinking to forget the death of his mate in a freak fire. Food was what made his baby brother, only a pup at the time, stop crying. Food meant survival. Food meant good feelings. Happy feelings. Food meant family.
Castiel concealed his almost-boner with the hoodie as he hurried back to his bed. He slipped under the covers and tossed the sweatshirt to Dean once it was safe to do so, bunching the covers up so Dean wouldn’t notice the fact that his dick was refusing to cooperate.
The meet started soon enough. The other team filed in, wearing matching hoodies and carrying matching gear bags with their last names stitched into the fabric. Castiel tried not to sneer at them. He recognized a few of the boys from State.
Castiel laughed despite himself, surprised. Aside from Gabriel making fun of customers once they’d left the cafe, no one else had ever really been able to make him laugh. Well, except for Dean, of course. Dean didn’t count, though. Dean was—
He wasn’t very hungry. He vomited his half-hearted breakfast sandwich sometime around noon. The party was at six, so Dean still had time to hopefully feel better before then. Unfortunately for him, his flu only seemed to be getting worse.
Castiel nodded and went to his room. He clumsily changed out of his work clothes and into soft sweatpants and a shirt. He searched for a hoodie to wear, found none that he wanted, and wandered into Dean’s room. There was a stack of freshly-washed ones on the end of the bed, but Castiel ignored those. He went for Dean’s drawer, where he knew Dean kept the hoodies he’d worn before but wasn’t ready to wash yet. Finding the most comfortable, Dean-smelling one of the bunch, Castiel hummed and stole it.
“I’m guessing the heat isn’t helped by the high degree of humidity,” Castiel agreed, panting lightly from up ahead. “This is going to make the next few days very uncomfortable.”
Castiel’s brothers visited sometimes, appearing sometime in the night to spend time with the pair for a few days before returning to where the Angels ran Lawrence uncontested. Michael and Castiel, thankfully, had learned to use the front door, but Gabriel still sometimes broke in through the window. They’d learned to just keep it unlocked.
The mad rush into the wall was always frantic. Most swimmers’ form broke down in the last fifteen meters, but Dean fought extra hard to keep his composure. He could hear the general screaming of the crowd and his team above the water, but it was mostly muffled and hard to make out individual noises. Cam’s loud baritone was pretty easy to understand, though, and it told Dean that he was
As he stepped up to the bar’s entrance, fully intending to get all his information and maybe a good glass of whiskey, a hand on his shoulder stopped him. Dean flinched away, grabbing the man’s wrist before he could think of it. The movement was lightning fast, the guy’s surprise showing plainly on his face.
the disappointment and disbelief was coming, hating that he knew it was coming. God, why did he have to be so stupid? Why did he forget everything? Michael wasn’t all that demanding of his time. The least Dean could do was remember the stuff he told him about.
Castiel didn’t get angry like Dean had thought he might at the news that Dean had gotten sick again. He simply frowned a little with concern. “I could tell, sweet boy,” the Dom said. Of course he could. “You’re okay, sweetheart. Shhh, it’s okay. I’m not angry with you.” He stroked a hand down the side of Dean’s face, releasing the gentle grip he’d had on his hair. “I’m sad that you didn’t feel safe enough to care for your needs like you should have. I’m sad that I couldn’t be there to help you.”
, though Dean lived in fear of the day he would. It was certainly held over his head, just like the threat of having both his legs broken.
“You need to push your hips up more,” Castiel replied, thinking of the straight line Dean’s body had made. “Arch your back. You’re just going straight up and then falling flat, so yes, your legs are pushing water. Here, I’ll show you.” He kicked over to the side of the pool and climbed out, gesturing for Dean to do the same. Castiel grabbed the diving board bars, pretending they were a starting block. “You’re doing it like this.” He demonstrated Dean’s start. “You need to thrust your hips more.” Castiel did his own imitation of a dry-land backstroke start.
“It’s fine, I suppose,” Castiel said, waving it off. “This means I can change into more comfortable clothes. And perhaps relax and watch a movie. Would you like to do that with me?”
Castiel smiled and settled back into the couch, watching Dean eat with a pleased expression on his face. Dean had learned that one of Castiel’s biggest happy-triggers was knowing that people enjoyed his baking. While Dean liked cooking for people, Castiel liked knowing that his baking was tasty. When Dean told him how much he enjoyed a particular thing, he usually got a delighted smile in return.
Outside, it was spitting rain. Dean was soaked through within a few minutes of stomping through the gathering darkness. With the dark clouds overhead, evening was approaching fast.
’ printed across it. He smiled at Castiel and held out his arms, the sleeves of the sweatshirt covering his hands completely. “What do you think?”
One of the pens on Castiel’s table rose into the air and flew across the room without any hesitation, smacking into the back of Dean’s head with a resounding
He knelt down next to Dean’s upper half, which was still out of the water, and instructed him to lie down. It was a little awkward, as Dean’s tail was still in the water, but he made it work. The doctor leaned very close to the right side of his face, frowning at the injured gills a few inches under Dean’s jawline.
Cam and Benny were standing off to the side, watching what looked to be heat four of the relay. “Where were you?” Benny asked as they came up.
Castiel beamed. “Perfect. I’m very happy, then.” He took a bite of spaghetti, grateful that Dean had no more to do. They could relax for a little while.
Dean would be able to finish this race. Like he just had that sort of faith in him and was okay with making it known.
“Settle down, boys. We still have some Angels to slaughter,” Azazel said once the laughter had died a little. “C’mon, Asmodeus. You’re blocking the way.”
“He’ll be forced to at some point,” Benny pointed out. “Corner him on the bus at Districts on Friday. I’ll talk to Cam and see if we can force it. We’re only going on a small bus anyway.”
He didn’t pay any mind to the screaming humans all around him. His thoughts were only on the unconscious prince tied to the stake in front of him, the blood that was beginning to stain the wood beneath him.
been brutal. It was difficult to tell which side had won, though both claimed they were the victors. Privately, Castiel thought neither had won. The amount of death and bloodshed had been staggering.
“Holy shit,” Dean breathed, sitting up from his position on the floor of the boat. There was seawater pooled about two inches deep around him. “Shit. Cas, are you okay?”
“Good.” Satisfied, Castiel carried Dean out of the Bunker shower room toward their shared bedroom. The air in the rest of the Bunker was noticeably cooler than it had been in the showers. Dean shivered, tucking his face into Castiel’s neck. He knew there was no one to see them, since Sam and Eileen were on that hiking trip and Jack was busy in Heaven. Dean was pretty sure he would have been too exhausted to care, even
The morning air was brisk and cool against his scales. His shoulder ached slightly as he pumped his wings in an attempt to gain altitude, but it wasn’t too bad. Just a reminder, really. As long as Castiel didn’t get re-injured and didn't try to fly too much, he’d probably fine. As it was, it didn’t look like that was going to be a very good plan. The presence of three foreign dragons at the walls almost guaranteed a fight.
Dean sniffled, trying to keep some of the liquid in his nose. “It’s fine. Really, Cas. I-Why did we land?”
Ketch eyed Dean, dark eyes narrowed. “The best horses are trained and bred by Diego over there. He’ll have what you need.”
He looked at a weirdly shaped marble bust of some person, toeing at the base of the red velvet guardrope’s stand. He’d had to borrow a pair of Michael’s old Oxfords to go with his khakis and button-up, since he couldn’t just wear his work boots or his running shoes. The shoes were too tight on him, but Dean supposed they got the job done.
Dean had traveled all across the country, met thousands of people, and he’d never met anyone with eyes like Castiel’s. He knew that to be a fact. He’d looked. Castiel’s irises were unique to him, and only him. They were the color of the summer sky, soaring and light with the promise of freedom and warmth. Dean loved Castiel’s eyes.
Despite his equine frustrations, Castiel seemed to be enjoying himself. He kept asking Dean about the different things they passed. So far, Dean had explained carriages, shopping markets, flatboats, docks, canals, and clotheslines.
“Okay,” Dean said. He was still kneeling, still had his head on Castiel’s thigh and the Dominant’s hand in his hair. It felt natural, easy,
Dean swallowed the lump in his throat, staring down at those three sentences. The last one caught his gaze the most, the words running around in circles in his brain.
“Shh,” Castiel soothed, wrapping his arms around Dean’s shoulders. He gently sat up a little, taking Dean’s weight into his lap, and began to turn them so Dean’s back was turned toward the bed. There was a moment where Dean was leaning back, his only support Castiel’s arms, and Castiel looked into his eyes and saw the complete and utter trust there. It made him light-headed.
He reached out and drew Dean against him, knowing that his friend needed that kind of physical affirmation to know he was forgiven. Castiel knew that Dean’s childhood had been the very definition of horrible. He knew, from things Dean had hesitantly told him over the years, that John Winchester hadn’t been a very kind man. In Dean’s words, he knew he was forgiven when the belt was put away. Castiel would never, ever beat him, but he understood Dean’s need for a physical sign that everything was okay.
“Quit callin’ it that,” Dean muttered, smacking Castiel gently. Castiel laughed into his hair. He knew Dean hated his preferred term for having sex, and it never failed to amuse him. His Alpha really was a prude sometimes.
Castiel reluctantly passed him off to Benny. He needed to get ready for his leg of the race. Cam was already turning, his streamline carrying him almost halfway across the pool.
The infirmary ended up being a large room with many rows of beds. Missouri led them to the farthest one from the door, gesturing for Castiel to lay Dean down there. “We’re going to need to touch him, now,” she warned. “You can’t try to kill us if it hurts him.”
. He had that dinner with Michael. He’d dry-cleaned the too-small suit he’d managed to find in the back of his closet, figuring he didn’t have enough time to get a new one.
For tonight, Castiel opts on the safe side. He kisses Dean’s tummy, right where rock hard muscle becomes gentle softness, and strokes his hands soothingly up and down Dean’s warm sides. “Okay, sweet boy,” he says gently. “It’s okay, you’re okay.”
He knew, of course, that it was incredibly dangerous to shoot over at the Demons. Dean could get hurt, could get caught in the crossfire. One look at the other side of the canal was all Castiel needed, though, to know that his Omega was still one step ahead of all of them. He must have fired at the ceiling to create a distraction, then flattened himself to the ground once he realized the shooting was going to start. It was genius, but it was something that Castiel would have to focus on later.
, did he want to. And that, Castiel supposed, was the problem. He wanted to sleep in the bed with Dean. He wanted to wrap his arms around him and hold him as they slept, which most certainly wasn’t going to happen. And he needed to stop
Dean smiled, imagining himself as that lucky person for a moment. His daydreaming was abruptly shattered by the glimpse of the angel wings on Castiel’s shoulder. Right, of course. He was a stupid, selfish bastard for ever thinking it could be him. “You’d take your soulmate, right?” The words tasted acrid on his tongue.
Castiel didn’t reply, just yanked off his shirt and pushed his sweatpants and boxers down to the floor. The chill of the room felt stark against his heated skin, but Castiel was too busy digging for the lube and the condoms Dean had hidden in the cabinet to care. When he located them and looked back up at the bed, he found his breath stuttering in his chest.
They finished breakfast. Castiel helped Dean with the dishes, standing at the sink and washing them while Dean dried them and put them away in the cupboards. They worked in companionable silence for about five minutes, moving methodically until all the dishes were cleaned and dried. Dean almost made it through without encountering disaster, but one errant knife, sticking up out of the silverware rack, caused everything to come crashing down.
Castiel narrowed his eyes, picking out four other dragons surrounding him. Lilith, Belphegor, Cain, and Dagon. Castiel wasn’t surprised by the selection. Predictability, however, didn’t make any of them any less deadly.
Dean was too tired to try to figure it out. Suddenly, all he wanted to do was take a nap. He was grateful that Bobby had closed the garage today on account of some repairs. Dean was ready to go home and sleep for about a thousand years.
sure he didn’t want to go to that stupid party, and even surer that he wanted to spend tonight with Dean.
“That’s what you always say,” his father snorted. “Jesus, Dean, it’s not that hard to swim a couple hundred meters. Did you put on time since last year?”
Castiel rolled his eyes in that full-body way that made Dean simultaneously want to kiss him and hit him. “To take care of you, Dean. I wasn’t just going to sit around the apartment all day, and I believe it’s quite obvious that I’m not actually sick.” He shook his head at Dean’s apparent obliviousness, taking the pot off the stove so he could grab two bowls.
“I was just about to take Dean home, I don’t think he’s feeling well,” Michael said. He reached for Dean’s left wrist and squeezed it hard enough to make Dean inhale sharply. He twisted his wrist slightly, searching for relief from Michael’s crushing grip. Michael smiled tightly at Anna, then at Dean. “Say goodbye to Ms. Milton, won’t you, darling?”
“Fuck, man,” he whispered to himself. He stared at the forest around him, trying to figure out exactly where he was. Once that had been achieved, Dean mentally calculated how far he was from Lawrence. If he was correct in his calculations and geography, it seemed Dean was only a few hours away, at this rate. “Fucking shit.”
Dean went to bed early. Castiel argued with him for a good ten minutes about doing the dishes, resorting to physically pushing his still-weak friend away from the sink so he could get some rest instead of trying to clean. Once Dean was safely in bed, Castiel cleaned up the kitchen and the living room.
Dean’s eyes widened, his heart skipping a beat. He turned to see John craning his neck, obviously looking for Dean, a grumpy frown on his face and the keys to the Impala in his hands. “Shit, yeah. I gotta go. See you!” Dean said. He sent Castiel a smile, then turned and practically tripped over himself in an attempt to get back to his father.
Castiel paused when he had Dean laid on his back, his legs wrapped around his waist. He looked down at him, searching for
Castiel squeezed his eyes shut, knowing he was only torturing himself with thoughts like that. He froze as Dean shifted, heart clenching as Dean attempted to tuck himself even closer to Castiel’s body.
“How many?” Dean questioned, looping his arms around Castiel’s neck. Castiel’s wings folded backward to support him and protect him, acting as a sort of shell to keep him safe.
“We’re in lockdown. Luke is gone, though his abduction hasn’t been confirmed. He could very easily just be hiding out in one of his safehouses. You know he’s bad at sending confirmation messages on his location,” Michael said.
“Well that’s a damn shame, isn’t it?” Dean asked, voice twisted with that same dry sarcasm as before.
“Fuck yeah, he is. Sweetest kid I ever met,” Dean said. His voice was soft and wistful, the tears in his eyes making them gleam like little galaxies in the light of the stars. “He-uh, he’s younger than me. When Dad would get into the wine and rum and shit, I used to protect him. Got to be the same when we became old enough to fight in the war. I used to go to crazy battles and kill all kinds of dragons in all kinds of ways, if only to appease my Dad so he didn’t try to force Sammy to do the same.” Dean took a shuddering breath, the tears in his eyes breaking and slipping down his cheeks silently. “I figured, if Dad was focused on trying to get me to be better, he could ignore Sam and give him a chance at a normal life, you know?”
"Dean, what are you doing? Angels don't need to wash," Cas complained as the water flattened his hair to his forehead. He scowled at Dean from beneath the wet locks, and Dean couldn't help but chuckle at his disgruntled lover.
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean gasped as they broke apart, panting and getting hard in their pants. “We really need to get home.”
He runs his fingers through Dean’s hair, overgrown now from months of quarantine, and rocks his hips slightly, just enough to alternate between fucking himself on Dean’s fingers and shallowly fucking Dean’s mouth.  It’s slow, gentle, and Cas would be perfectly fine with coming like this, a slow buildup to a powerful orgasm, but that’s not what the viewers paid for, and it’s not what he’d asked Dean for.
The tip of Dean’s nose drags down Cas’ pulse point slowly as he inhales the coffee and woodsmoke on Cas’ skin. He reaches Cas’ scent gland and takes a deep breath before sighing contently and sweeping his tongue over the pungent flesh. A burst of cinnamon permeates the air around them as Cas growls instinctively, a low rumble in his chest. He can feel Dean’s breath and the tickle of his long eyelashes on the sensitive skin of his throat. It’s all so soft and intimate, sensual without being about sex. It’s fucking domestic is what it is, something mates do to calm each other, and it leaves Cas yearning.
Usually, Dean was able to pass off his pet names for Castiel as teasing fairly easily. He made a point to call various people ‘sweetheart,’ and there were other names that could be passed off as platonic in the right situations. Sometimes, though, he was too big of a dumbass for it not to get awkward.
Clyde folded his arms and narrowed invisible eyes at the two boys sitting on the couch. They were getting ready to play the first of the saga of
Dean snorted. “I don’t know how to use the fancy shit either.” He labored for a moment to sit up, then squinted at the box of DVDs Castiel had. “What kinda shows do you have? I don’t see any—
Beside him, Balthazar snickered. The other boy had just moved from Britain to America a few years ago, and he found Meg and Castiel’s interactions to be endlessly funny. He often made snarky comments about it in his annoying accent. Not that Castiel had a problem with British accents, of course, it was just
“Work is... good,” Dean replied, shrugging to himself. “It’s nicer now that I don’t have to walk home alone. And they finally fired Belphegor, which is good, because that guy was a
Dean gave a little laugh, some of the blood from his bruised nose entering his mouth. It was salty and metallic, distracting him from his terror for a moment. “Cas, this is awesome,” Dean said, more to himself than anyone else.
, Winchester!” Cam shouted at him, hugging him so hard Dean had to slap him on the back to get any oxygen.
, Dean thought. He glanced back over his shoulder, into the gathering darkness behind him. The forest was almost pitch-black now. With Dean’s luck, he’d probably get gutted by a pack of wild wolves or something. Wouldn’t that be ironic.
It’s weird to constantly receive hugs. Dean was used to it during the heat of battle, or right after someone had come back to life or nearly died. He was used to desperate situations, but a from-behind hug while he’s folding laundry isn’t a desperate situation. Quite the opposite, in fact.
Castiel worked in comfortable silence for the better part of the afternoon, the little apartment filling with the smell of baking pie. Castiel smiled more and more as Dean’s arrival time drew nearer, imagining the glee on his friend’s face when he smelled the pie. Dean would probably be able to smell it all the way down the stairs.
Dean swallowed, looking away. Castiel could see how tense his shoulders were now, a stark contrast to how relaxed he’d been a few minutes ago. It made Castiel sad to think that Dean wasn’t as at ease as before.
, actually. Something in Castiel’s chest physically ached, the guilt eating at his insides like a spreading poison.
“I can do better,” Dean whispered. He mustered all the remaining energy he had to look up at Michael. “I s-swear, Michael, I can be better. Please.”
The group laughed and jeered. Dean, eyes watering with pain from being slapped, snarled at all of them as best he could around the gag.
“Oh, I’m so sorry,” the prince snorted. “Our flesh isn’t to your liking? Maybe if you sprinkle a little salt and pepper-“
By the end of his heat, Dean was pretty sure he’d never had a better two weeks in his whole entire life.
, because that, apparently, was the only thing he was good at doing. Or attempting that, anyway. Just getting into dangerous situation after dangerous situation, putting his ass on the line for someone who hadn’t and never would give a damn about him.
Castiel stared at the young human. “What.” He was so surprised, he couldn't even voice it as a question.
“It was my fault for holding it after I’d lit it,” Castiel said. He smiled at Dean, little lines crinkling near his eyes in an endearing fashion that made Dean’s residual anger melt into affection right away. “I’m being honest, Dean. I’m perfectly alright.”
Doing a job like this was fun. It was a process. It made Dean feel fulfilled at the end of the day to know he’d done his best. Castiel always told him that he should pursue the thing he would do for free, and Dean would have definitely fixed cars for free, if he could have.
The next day, Castiel and Dean ventured out before the sun had gotten a chance to get to full intensity. They bought the last two box fans in the store and a weighted blanket, just like Castiel had said. The smug look on his friend’s face was enough to make Dean want to shove him.
, and drew Dean close to him. His hand remained firmly on the mark on Dean’s shoulder, the mark he’d been given months ago. “I love you,” Castiel murmured into Dean’s hair.
The fighter pilot smiled and twisted the band on his finger, shaking his head. He didn’t know why Castiel had chosen him sometimes, but he knew that he was grateful for whatever higher power that had decided that he and his angel should be together. Castiel was everything to him. Gentle and kind and patient and beautiful... He was perfection. Dean’s chest ached with both excitement and anxiety at the thought of seeing him for the first time in months.
“Dunno,” Dean replied, shaking his head as he looked around. Castiel was in the middle of inspecting the pen that had hit Dean in the back of the head when his roommate suddenly pressed back into his chest, eyes wide. “Shit, look.”
“Wasn’t,” Dean mumbled into his collarbone. “You’ve got a right to get mad, Cas. If I don’t gotta apologize for my feelings, you don’t either, ‘kay?” He felt Castiel’s arms tighten around him, and he relaxed a little more. “‘Sides, you were right. I should’a been here.”
The heat before them seemed to finish too fast and not fast enough at the same time. Dean couldn’t describe the anxiety in his chest as he stepped up to the block, goggles firmly in place, heart beating fast. Around him, the other backstroke swimmers stepped forward as well, each waiting for the referee whistle to signal when they could get into the water.
Benny gave him an incredulous look. “I was right there. Heard you call Dean a liability ‘n everything. You really hurt his feelings,
Castiel had to admit that it was a good idea. Cooking and doing things for other people was how Dean made himself happy. He liked knowing he was being useful. It was one of the first things Castiel had noticed about Dean when he’d met him.
“Uh, I… I don’t know.” Dean looked down at himself, the sarcastic quip fighting out of his mouth before he could stop it. “I ain’t exactly gonna wear a Versace gown to school.”
Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter! As I said, the next chapter gets... spicy. I won't say any more, but those favorite chapters I was telling you about? Yeah. ;)
Castiel gently pulled his hand from where it was resting against Dean’s shoulder, looking down at the sleeping Omega. Which was worse? Leaving Dean to a life of loneliness, constantly hoping to find the Alpha that had accidentally marked him? Or telling him that the Alpha that he was meant for was a killer? At least if Dean didn’t know, he had a chance with someone else. Castiel had a horrible feeling that Dean would give up his happiness for his Alpha’s in a heartbeat; that was just the kind of person the Omega was. It made the Alpha sick to think of Dean being unhappy simply because he felt like he was obligated by some sick joke made by the universe.
You have NO idea how excited I am to post this chapter. It's not one of my favorites (those are coming up) but it's definitely monumental. After reading all your lovely, amazing comments on the last chapter, I'm excited to see what you think of this one. Also, kdm1280, I swear... >:(
, Castiel had said all those days before. It was whispered in the back of Dean’s head at that moment, momentarily drowning out the scream of agony from his burned and broken body.
Castiel was finishing his homework in his room when Dean knocked on the door. Castiel was tempted just to not answer, not because he was still mad, but because he knew he had to tell Dean that he’d actually reached out to Arthur. He felt a sliver of dread spear through him at the very thought.
Dean dressed and went downstairs where he found Cas in the kitchen, digging through the pantry and grumbling at the contents. “I can cook,” he offered, cautiously.
Dean’s hands closed over Castiel’s wrists as he reached for the waistband of the underwear. “Got a little surprise in there for you, Angel,” Dean said with a wiggle of his eyebrows.
“Sir, I’m calling the police if you don’t step away from him this instant,” Jody says, phone in hand.
“G’morning,” Dean croaked, sleep still heavy in his voice. He pushed himself into a sitting position with his back against the headboard and accepted the tray that was placed across his lap with a sincere, “Thank you,” before taking a sip of coffee, prepared perfectly with just a splash of flavored creamer.
“And a lesbian,” Charlie said with a wink. “Dean’s not exactly my type. Shit! Speaking of my type, I’m meeting a date here.” She pulled out her phone and frantically checked the time. “I have to go.”
Cas is pliant when Dean nudges his legs further apart, and he sighs dreamily as Dean parts his cheeks to expose his hole. Dean gathers more slick, rubbing as excess of it over Cas hole, then repeating the process on his own cock. He groans as his cock throbs almost painfully under his touch. He can feel his back starting to sweat as his heat threatens to boil over.
Dean nodded and complied, tightening his grip and jacking Cas fast. His other hand wrapped around Cas’ squeezing until Cas followed suit, gripping Dean in a grip just this side of painful. “I wanna come with you Baby,” he whispered. “You close?”
Castiel picked up the tattered copy of “Slaughterhouse Five” that he’d never had the heart to get rid of. He ran his fingers over the well-loved cover, and slipped out the sliding door onto the balcony that overlooked the ocean. He opened the book to the first page and thought back on his short, life-altering acquaintance with an omega boy he’d once thought he’d share a large home like this with, filling its six bedrooms with pups. A boy who’d changed everything and left him empty and unable to love when he left Cas alone.
“I was just trying to help out,” Dean finally said, though he knew in his heart that Cas was right. He’d scented his mate and was subconsciously making himself useful, trying to insinuate himself into Cas’ life and make the house a home.
Night still fell a bit early this time of year, the darkness bringing clients in earlier in the evening, and by 8PM the bar was lined with paying customers. Castiel finished up in the office and took an open stool at the end, opting to observe Dean and have a drink while he waited for his not-quite-boyfriend to finish his shift at 9:00 so they could have a late diner together.
“What about science? Evolution? The big bang? Dinosaurs that roamed the earth millions of years ago while, according to evidence, man didn’t exist until 62 million years after dinosaurs went extinct! How does that fit into our beliefs?” Gabriel ranted, his hands flying about in question.
With that, the kid shot him a look and walked away through a door leading further into the building, to a staff area Dean supposes. And Dean's embarrassed that he just did that as he lowers his head and looks around nervously.
Cas doesn't speak, his- Dean's, eyes gazing down his body and to the clothes that were so very NOT Cas. Suddenly, like a wave crashing to shore, control over his own body hit Dean like a tidal wave. He instantly lost his balance, and fell so hard his head hit the floor with a crunch. It would be funny if he hadn't hurt himself. And as he struggled to sit up, blood pouring all over the ground, Dean could feel Cas deep inside having a breakdown over the situation they're in. And Dean realizes with much grief that Cas' emotional pain is his own now, and Dean's physical pain is just a burden he seems to carry alone.
Cas creeps into the bathroom, shutting the door behind him. He takes a deep breath and looks at himself in the mirror. And Dean realizes they both seize for different reasons. Dean can see large, pearlescent wings protruding from his back and he immediately stops breathing. Cas however seems more taken aback at looking like Dean. He places a hand to his cheek and his face goes pale.
"Any leads?" Dean asks, shutting the door instead of taking a drink. Out of instinct he inspects the area, checking in the bathroom and out the windows for potential threats as Sam explains how unusually relaxed things have been, and how Lucifer must be planning something.
"Tough night?" The young man behind the bar asks, pouring a drink for himself. And Dean's pretty sure that has to go against some law or code, but he doesn't say anything as the man sips his beer and leans against the counter.
Sam chuckles, then as if on cue he yawns and sits back on the chair. His eyes close momentarily as he spoke. "Yeah, well you would too if you'd been stuck babysitting an angel who never sleeps."
There was even a point where Cas asked where Dean was, forgetting Dean was with him. But Sam was so alarmed at the time that he wasn't able to enjoy that particular point of progress. Sure, Cas was beginning to accept that he and Dean weren't the same person, but to forget he's there entirely deeply disturbed Sam. It made him wonder where Cas had put him. And when Sam had frowned at him and said, "umm, you're possessing him.." Castiel looked deeply confused for a moment, a moment longer than Sam would have liked, before he realized Sam was right and went back to what he was doing. That was uncomfortable.
"Driving the impala here after the fight between us and the angels," Dean's lips spoke, his husky tone wavering in light confusion.
"Point is," Sam interrupted Dean's frustrated, incoherent rambling. "Things are going as planned, you're back, Cas is back, now we can get back on track and look for Lucifer."
When Dean gets outside, he immediately puts distance between him and the bar, like leaving the area would leave the situation behind with it. But Cas was still in his head, evident by the way Castiel quickly continued speaking to him once they were alone. This time he was a lot quieter, much more like a thought in Dean's head rather than a migraine inducing scream.
The second they get inside Bobby's place and he sees the look on their faces, and the fact that Cas hasn't return with them, he knows what's happened. They don't need to say a thing. Not what transpired or how they're feeling about it, because their faces and body language says enough.
Dean settles out in the car yard in baby, gripping the steering wheel with the same hands that had just hours earlier gripped the hand of his dying angel friend. Castiel's hand had been cold and weak in his own warm and tough grip. He held the angel as he died, watched the life within him disappear into thin air. That's gonna haunt him for a while. Just add it to the pile of nightmare fuel he can mull over as he struggles to fall into a restless sleep at night.
"I used to," he says, tilting his head back a little. "But I wasn't a fan of the community. Turned me away. My girlfriend and her family are devout Christians though."
"I'm sorry?" the kid said, looking taken aback by Dean's abrupt outburst. "I just don't believe it. Sorry."
Castiel grips Dean's sleeve, writhing in pain. And Dean only leans in, desperate to keep hold on the last of Castiel's light as it begins to fade from his eyes.
Dean finds himself in a nearby bar, and somehow Dean manages to forget Castiel is possessing him, all the way up until he takes a sip of his beer and nearly chokes on it. But he gets it down and drops his head as the awful liquid offends his poor taste buds. Dean can't believe he'd forgotten when only less than half an hour earlier he was reminding himself of his little issue.
When Dean opens his eyes, it feels an awful lot like he's dreaming. The room around him rings in the silence, colors look brighter, the entire room appears warmer even in the low, grey light coming from the moon through the windows. And he can't control his body, it works around him like he isn't even there. It has a mind of its own.
Things went silent, Dean's body stood still, and his eyes lowered to the ground where it roamed across the flooring as if looking for something that may jog his memory. After a few beats of silence, Sam lets out a deep breath and approaches Dean with a gentle smile. "You just stay here, I'm gonna go get Bobby. Okay?"
And then everything seems to just fade away, and he's floating comfortably though space with a pleasant buzz pulsating within him. He's blinded by the joy he feels about how at peace he is with himself and his body, and this life that has been spiraling out of control for a while now. But just as quickly as he's given this peace, it's ripped away from him quite violently. He's slammed back into his body so roughly it feels like it could kill him. He's suddenly crammed into a space he no longer fits into, and it's pure suffering.
Dean wasted no time flipping them over and plunging into Castiel's very willing body. Cas' legs wrapped tightly around Dean to pull them closer together as Dean pounded into him with complete abandon, nailing the angel's prostate with every thrust. "Yes, yes, right there, Dean," Cas moaned, grasping at the man's shoulders hard enough to bruise. Within moments, Cas came between them, coating their bellies in his release, Dean following closely behind, moaning and trembling in Cas' arms.
"Yeah, baby, it is. Feel good?" Dean asked as he kneaded the base of Cas' neck then worked down his shoulders, easing the tension from the surprisingly toned muscles that were usually so unfairly hidden under copious layers of clothing.
“Ok. Get in the car. I’m taking you home so we stick to this,” Cas said with a laugh, walking off to find his keys and wondering how difficult it would be for them to keep their hands to themselves.
Dean took that as a sign to really get the show on the road and built a steady, slow rhythm, punching satisfied moans out of Cas every time his balls slapped Cas’ ass. After a couple minutes of slow fucking, he tilted his hips and picked up speed, his cock dragging across Cas’ prostate, Cas’ moans pitching higher and more desperate.
“Save the Golum voice for Charlie. At least she appreciates the reference,” Cas answered with a laugh. Their night manager at the inn was an even bigger nerd than Dean, and the two of them got along swimmingly. If she wasn’t a raging lesbian, Cas would have been terrified of their bond, but it was clear that Dean viewed her as the kid sister he never had.
Dean chuckled and pushed off the doorframe to walk into the office and pull Cas into his arms. He leaned in to scent under Cas’ ear, smiling against Cas’ skin when his head dropped back and a tiny sound of pleasure snuck out from between those plink, plush lips Dean loved so much.
They fought like any normal couple, but there was never an argument serious enough to shake their bond. ‘Never go to bed angry’ was a rule they adopted early on, and Castiel was somehow the key to getting Dean to open up no matter how much he tried to shut out the world when he was upset. There was never a night that they didn't lie in bed together and whisper ‘I love you’ to each other before falling asleep.
Dean wanders across the house to his own bathroom to take his suppressants, wondering why he even bothers. He’s just delaying the inevitable at this point. He swallows one down anyway and glares as the four remaining pills in the bottle.
“It was a pretty good day,” Cas says with a brilliant smile on his face that reaches his eyes, and Dean can see he truly enjoys his job. He’d kind of worried Cas would have the same dead look in his eyes that the pathetic, tip hungry couple had, but Dean’s relieved to see he doesn’t. Far from it, even.  “I did some yoga this morning and worked in the garden. Then I went for a run this afternoon, took a nice, long shower and when I got done my roommate surprised me with dinner. Now I’m here with my friends, living the good life.”
“Cas,” it came out as nothing more than a choked whisper. Dean reached out, taking the angel’s hand in his and tugging gently before dropping it again. “Come with me a second?”
When Dean woke for a second time, he was certain it had all been a dream. The bed beside him was cold and empty, and if it hadn’t been for the dull ache of his backside and the fact that he didn't usually sleep in the nude, he would have been convinced Cas had never even been there. He turned and surveyed the room. Even the chair Cas sometimes settled himself into to watch Dean sleep out of boredom was currently empty. The clock read 9:14. Maybe the angel had just gotten bored and got up for the day. It’s not like he needed sleep, though Dean had kind of hoped snuggling would have been enough to make Cas stay in bed with him.
Cas chuckles. “I’m not sure what I’m wishing for more. Do I want it to be easy so we can coast through it, or do I want you wet and insatiable for a few days?”
Dean sighs. Cas can always tell when there’s something wrong with him. “But, I didn’t love every aspect of it. The sex was great, fucking fantastic, but the viewers…”
Dean pushed himself up to his elbows and turned his attention to the screen where the chat was going wild with affirmatives and offers of more tokens if Cas were to knot him. Cas turned to Dean and raised an eyebrow in question. “I’m on birth control and I’m clean.”
“All women,” Dean admitted. “I was scared to try again with a dude after that. I go to bars. I look at men, maybe share a dance or make out, but I haven’t wanted to let one touch me again… until now.”
Cas sat up on his knees and Dean followed, hands scrambling to Castiel’s waist to undo his jeans and start sliding them together with his underwear down over his gorgeous hips. Cas clumsily kicked off his shoes, sending them flying to land in the sand a few feet away and quickly shoved the rest of his clothes away.
“Calm down, Omega,” Cas said, sliding his hands over Dean’s hips and turning him over gently. “It’s just… you don’t have to present for me, Dean. I don’t want you to think of us as anything but equals, and I want to see you the first time. It should be special. We both waited for this.”
Maybe it’s just because his feelings for Cas have gotten out of hand and Dean just wants him to himself now. Which is crazy and unrealistic, so he supposes he has to learn to live with scripted sex and unwelcome pauses to make sure they’re being paid accordingly.
In general, Angel Radio was quiet these days, a dull roar of background noise instead of the constant chatter it had been when she’d first tuned in over a hundred years ago. Back then it was quiet in a different way. It was a buzz of thousands of constant voices, jumbled together and indecipherable in their quantity. They sounded far away, like listening to a neighbor’s big family dinner through an open window. In recent years, after the deaths of many angels, the voices were fewer and easier to pick out. Then the angels had fallen, and it had become a loud cacophony of panic. Flightless and abandoned on earth, the chatter had been overwhelmingly unintelligible. It had taken a couple years of careful listening and the ever thinning of the angels’ numbers to finally latch onto the location of the first angel from Ishim’s flight.
Cas sighed audibly and dropped the half finished wing in front of Dean before pushing away from the table. He walked over to the tree and tried to manually straighten it out before using a bit of angel mojo to get the stiff branches to finish falling into place after having been bound tightly in netting at the tree lot. “How do I put the lights on,
“This is sweet, but Lucifer has your family,” Michael taunted, knowing exactly how to push Dean’s buttons in spite of their brief acquaintance with one another.
“Cas, It’s ok. I am yours,” Dean said softly, running his hands through the back of Cas’ hair and coaxing him back far enough that they could look into each other’s eyes. “From now on, no matter how long it takes for you to trust me again… to love me again… I’m yours. Even if we have to go on a thousand dates before you’ll even considering making me your mate, I’m yours. There’s no one else I could ever want.”
When Dean turned the key and the Impala rumbled to life, Cas felt something in his heart clench from the rush of memories that simple sound brought back so clearly. Their entire relationship revolved around that car. It was their escape and their cover as they traveled out to the Pine Barrens or down the shore where they could be together without others finding out the true nature of their relationship. It was their bed when they needed to make love and their table when all they could afford for date night was a meal served through a drive-thru window.
“Thank you, Dean.” And with that, Dean retreats back to the stove to brown the meat, chop garlic and set the sauce to simmer while Cas watches every practiced move.
As he flips the light on and takes in the sight in front of him, his heart swells. At least three quarters of the nest is sitting on Dean’s bed, waiting for him. While it stings that Cas has essentially kicked Dean out of his bed, he cares enough to make sure Dean is comfortable for the night.
"Just get the job done, Dean," Sam warned. "I know how you get distracted by shiny things. And no showgirls. And don't accept any of the hooker cards on the strip. Remember Cas.”
Cas turned slightly to shoot a glance over his shoulder and Dean felt his insides melt when Cas’ face lit up in a smile. Cas beckoned for him to join him, and Dean just crossed his arms over his knees before shaking his head and dropping his chin to rest on them. He could see Castiel’s blush even from where he sat more than a few yards away, and knew Cas could tell he was just taking in the view. Cas shook his head, laughing and took a few more steps into the ocean, stopping when the water licked his hips.
Dean held on a few seconds longer than was socially acceptable before Sam cleared his throat loudly, breaking the spell, and Dean dropped Castiel’s hand.
Claire met Kaia after college and eventually the pair married. They fond a donor and Claire gave birth to a son, and suddenly Dean and Castiel were grandparents. Jack would marry and give them a pair of granddaughters quite a few years later.
His tongue darts out, flicking over Dean’s rim, and Cas groans at the taste of him. The slick dripping out of Dean is ten times as sweet and potent as his normal slick. It’s less viscous, but there’s more of it, and Cas is determined to lick it all up and make a meal out of it. He’s flicking his tongue over Dean’s hole faster now, and Dean is panting and grasping at the sheets with tight fists.
He’d been noticing it more and more as he kept a wary eye on Jack. So many little things he said or did, his mannerisms, the little things that made the kid smile. Even the way Jack had pulled an angel blade from his chest reminded him of the day he’d met Cas and immediately stabbed him. In both cases, the injuries did nothing. Dean would be lying to himself and everyone around him if he didn’t admit that the kid reminded him of Cas. Not that you’d hear him say it out loud.
“Leave Goldie out of this,” Cas said, pinching Dean’s side and making his boyfriend squirm with a huff.
“Are you nervous?” Dean asked, his right hand raking through the cool sand, and his left held firmly in Castiel’s. They’d decided to go for a walk to clear their heads and let the guests settle in for the night, and they’d ended up sitting in the sand watching the waves.
The room was silent but for the sound of heavy breathing as they basked in the afterglow. Cas remained buried inside of Dean, leaning down to gather his body against his own. He peppered kisses along Dean's neck and jaw before pressing their lips together and kissing him deeply.
But the years passed, and with them, so did his dad. He made sure Sam got through school and settled in his law career, but he couldn’t find it in himself to settle down anywhere. He traveled the country, working odd jobs and turning tricks, all the while, inching closer and closer to the East Coast. Something drew him back to the Jersey Shore like a magnet, and for the first few years he was here, he wondered if fate would step in and put Cas in his path again.
“You try looking at these lips and trying to refrain from kissing him,” Cas says before stealing one last kiss. “You got that for free. The rest will cost you.”
Dean looked over and smiled at the self satisfied smirk on Cas’ face before he carefully removed the bow and dropped it to the floor. He wanted to see the TV in action and started to look around a little for the remote. Cas stepped next to him and pressed it into his hand with a soft smile tugging at the corner of his lips. Dean turned the television on and Cas watched shadows and flickering light pass over his features.
"I'm going with you," he demanded, swinging his legs off the bed and standing to find the rest of his clothing.
The smile that broke out on Cas’ face could have powered a thousand suns, then came a laugh melodic enough to make Dean’s heart sing. “Dean, what else do you remember about the night you took me to the brothel?”
Dean kisses Cas’ shoulder and leans in to scent his throat. Cas’ scent grounds him and just being inside him, close to him in a way no one else has ever been close to Cas, calms him further. His heat is still there, simmering below the surface, ready and waiting for things to get hot and heavy, but while he’s under control, Dean is determined to make this good for Cas.
while Dean quietly sang along, his voice rich and deep in Cas’ ear. Cas tucked his face into Dean’s neck, breathing in apples and infectious happiness and wondering if the day could possibly get any better.
Castiel graduated high school in June and worked through the summer, saving every penny for the night of September 18th, the night he planned to finally tell his family about his sexual identity. He hadn’t started college, claiming he wanted to take a gap year to work and do a little traveling, but in the back of his mind he knew it wouldn’t be worth starting when his parents were sure to cut him off without a dime.
Castiel cried out as he came hard, his release splashing across the mosaic marble tiles before washing down the drain.
“Exactly!” Dean said, a little too loud, then laughing and apologizing when an older couple glared at him from their nearby table. He dropped his voice before continuing. “Exactly. That’s why I hated school, and why I never went for higher education. Sammy though, he always knew he wanted to get a degree. He used to want to be a lawyer, but after mom and dad… well, his main concern was investing the money we received, so he did the business thing. He’s happy enough, I think. Maybe one day he’ll go to law school. He’s still young, and the inn is doing well enough. I think he sticks around because he feels like he needs to pay me back for raising him through his teen years or something.” He trailed off with a shrug, resolving to himself to bring it up to his brother again someday soon.
Dean is still not ok, duh. He goes someplace other than the bar the night Jack takes off for the alley. He reflects on his time with Cas and how much of Cas he sees in Jack.
There’s one customer ahead of him when he gets in line and he studies the menu, looking for just the right treat to tempt him away from his usual black coffee, having already deciding he’d order a fruit tart and a sandwich for when he gets home.
"Dean," Cas breathed against the saliva slick skin he'd just been sucking on, and Dean shivered. "I want to try something.”
"What? No, of course not. Just, uh, eating breakfast. It's really good," Dean smacked Cas' hand away from his groin, not trusting himself not to slip up again.
Cas rolled onto his side, accepting Dean’s kiss and reaching down to remove the condom so he could finish himself off.
“You know I love you and miss you when you go home. I tell you at least ten times a day,” Cas huffs, poking Dean in the chest for emphasis. “Would you like to move in with me?”
“Ok, here we go,” Cas says, winking at the camera one last time before pouncing on Dean and pinning him to the bed.
Dean wasn’t a fool. He knew there was a good chance he wouldn’t come back from this. Michael would possess him, and there was a chance he wouldn’t let go once he’d had a taste of being inside his true vessel. But Dean had to believe it would be worth it. Saving the world, keeping the majority of his family together and safe would be worth it, even if he had to spend eternity trapped in some dark corner of his own mind until the day came that his family found a way to end Michael. He would go to his death in peace, knowing he saved them all. If by some miracle, he came back, well, he’d deal with the consequences of his next actions then.
“Enough!” their father had shouted, patience out the window by this point. “You’ve attended church with us every Sunday since the day you were born. The answers you seek are upstairs in your bible. I suggest you go to your room and crack it open.”
The latest piece Castiel was working on was a sunset over the ocean with a dolphin arching out of the water, and though it wasn’t very intricate, it was
“Yeah, Omega. Already filled out the contract. You like the rough stuff?” The alpha growled, eyebrows quirking in question.
“Yeah, ok, Cas. Whatever you want,” Dean said, leaning in to kiss Cas before reaching over to grab a condom out of the drawer. He ripped open the packet and tossed it aside before rolling the condom over his hard cock and giving it a few strokes. “Tomorrow, I’m making an appointment to get tested,” he grumbled, scowling down at his latex-wrapped erection.
“I’m fine,” Cas said, looking away before Dean could read the truth in his eyes. For as well as Castiel knew Dean, Dean also knew Castiel. Dean knew the real him, the angel beneath the brainwashing that came as a side effect of being under Heaven’s thumb. No angel in Heaven ever understood him the way this one human understood him.
The next two and a half days, it was much more of the same. They’d fuck and fight. They’d eat quick take out meals, bathe separately, then fuck and fight some more. They shared the bed, but slept miles apart, until the last morning, when Dean woke and found them tangled with each other. The fever  and urgency of his heat were gone, and the arousal that had been thrumming in his veins for days had finally abated. He carefully leaned in and scented Cas, finding no evidence of rut remaining, which meant they’d cuddled and it had nothing to do with their cycles.
Cas pulled off with a pop and gave one last teasing lick to the head. His fingers eased out of Dean slowly and the man whimpered a little at the sudden emptiness left in their wake. Cas slicked up his cock and settled between Dean's legs, kissing him deeply.
He sat there for a while, with iTunes open, drinking and recreating the playlist from the mixtape he’d given Cas all those weeks before. He could still see the hopeful look on the angel’s face when Dean had handed it to him and the broken-hearted frown as he’d tried to hand it back when they fought weeks later. It was the most meaningful gift Dean had ever given and the closest he’d ever come to telling Cas that he loved him.
“I need you, God Cas, I need you,” Dean gasped, his climax building as he moved inside his angel and clutched him to himself as if he would simply fly away.
"First off, yes, I know exactly what you mean. I'm an angel. I'm not ignorant. And second, stop flirting. You already have me, and I'm not some oversexed bar skank.”
Castiel hadn’t even denied it. He’d just shrugged and gave his best impression of a sad puppy before saying, “Don’t tell anyone?”
“My roommate is a very hot omega,” Cas says with a chuckle as he starts answering the influx of questions from his viewers. “He’ll be the first one to tell you that too because he knows exactly what he looks like. He made burgers. So if I start getting a little doughy around the middle, you’ll know who to blame.” Cas winks at the camera with a smile that has Dean’s insides all fluttery. Cas seems to know his viewers well, and the sense of laid back familiarity leaves his best friend looking totally at ease in front of the camera. No wonder he rakes it in on this site.
Dean presses in close and kisses Cas deep and slow as his fingers drift under the hem of the henley Cas is wearing. Cas can feel goosebumps break out over his tummy as Dean’s fingers brush his skin, sliding over his stomach and into the dips of his hipbones. The sound of tips is becoming grating, but the bot that auto-posts the preset goals has done its job, and the viewers know they’ll move on to some oral action once the second goal is reached. He’s torn between keeping up with his ‘thank yous’ and giving Dean his undivided attention, but tries to glance at the screen every so often to express appreciation.
Cas is officially beet red and has abandoned his dinner altogether. He walks over to the fridge and fills a couple glasses with ice and grabs the bottle of whiskey they keep on the counter in case of emergency. Dean supposes this qualifies.
“It’s your own fault, standing over here looking like this,” Cas said before pressing his lips to Dean’s neck. “It’s inhumane to expect me to keep my hands to myself.”
"Get on your knees," Castiel commanded, and Dean's dick twitched visibly as he complied, causing the angel's mouth to quirk up in a sly smile. "You like this, don't you?”
“Yes, but I don’t want to be here and you seem to have found a conquest,” Cas said, avoiding Dean’s stare. “I’ll just get my clothes and leave you the room for the night.”
“Right, and if he doesn't find something? If you run out of time, could either of you kill an innocent?” Cas asked, tilting his head in question.
After, it didn’t take long for them to settle in under the covers and fall asleep in a tangle of limbs, Dean’s head on Cas’ chest in the room they officially shared.
Castle’s free hand moved between his own legs, long fingers wrapping around his cock as he began stroking himself. Dean was transfixed, torn between closing his eyes and losing himself to the absolute pleasure Cas was giving him and watching Cas pleasure himself.
The bar was fairly crowded when they arrived, but they managed to find an empty high top table and a couple of stools. Cas sat quietly while Dean went to the bar and ordered them each a beer and a shot of whiskey. The bartender was a busty blonde in a low-cut tank top, and Cas felt that familiar tightness in his belly as he watched the way Dean smiled at her, his gaze flickering down at her chest every so often. His hands balled themselves into tight fists at his side as he watched the woman toss her hair back and laugh before laying a hand on Dean’s shoulder. His anger came to a peak, and the lights in the bar flickered, catching Dean’s attention. The man turned to glare at Cas, his eyes widening in alarm and he grabbed the drinks and said his polite goodbye to the bartender.
Something warm curled in Castiel’s chest. He found he was glad it was so dark on the bus, since he was blushing embarrassingly hard. He didn’t respond to Dean’s sleepy confession, simply stroked a soothing hand down his side. “Sweet and adorable as you may be, we’re pulling into the parking lot. Unless you want me to carry you, you’re going to have to get up.”
anything from Castiel… He just didn’t want his friend to worry, that was all. Besides, it was still cold outside. Dean tugged the sleeves of his shirt down, hesitated, then went back into the bedroom again to throw on a hoodie for good measure.
He was shifting before he could realize it. In half a second, he was righting himself in the water, arms sweeping back and forth to keep himself afloat. His human form was much smaller and much more in tune with the temperature of the water. Castiel shivered.
Despite his soulmate’s dislike of his profession, Dean couldn’t help but love it. He was in college for a degree in mechanical engineering, which opened a lot of opportunities for him. Michael had brought up the possibility of working for NASA or something ridiculous like that. Dean hadn’t had the guts to tell him that he really just wanted to work
Dean frowned too, looking down at his feet. Shit, he hated not living up to people’s expectations. “Uh, I... I don’t know? I—I’m sorry, I—”
“Laying low, just like you suggested,” Luke said. He spread his hands apologetically. “Sorry about not sending you a message or anything. You know I’m bad at that.”
Before Dean could register how needy and pathetic that sounded, Castiel’s hand rose from the small of his back to rest between his shoulder blades, a comforting gesture. “Of course, Dean. I’m sorry for not alerting you to my departure.” He paused, hesitating, then sighed. “I don’t think I’ll be able to leave much anyway, so you don’t need to worry about that anymore, I suppose. Breakfast and groceries are about as much freedom as I have right now.”
Dean laughed wetly, hugging her back. It felt good to be hugged, even though Castiel’s hugs were nicer, somehow. Warmer, maybe. Or maybe it was just the dragon himself. Dean’s muscles felt weak, even as he hugged Jo. All he wanted to do was sit down, his whole body suddenly aching with tiredness. “Good to see you too. Can I come in?”
“Nothin’, Cas,” Dean said. He was practically slurring, he was so tired. When Castiel tried to pull on his tie, Dean simply pitched forward and leaned into him for support.
“You’re good to go!” The woman gave them both yellow bracelets with little bees on them, then sent them on their way. Resisting the urge to sprint past the gates, Castiel confined himself to a fast walk. Dean laughed, hurrying to catch up with him.
“Okay,” Dean said. He rubbed at his eyes again. “Okay. Are we, uh… Are we done with the chick-flick moment now?”
He was beautiful when he was blissed out and unable to move from pleasure. Dean smiled drunkenly at him when Castiel moved his head to meet his gaze. “’At was f’ckin awesome,” Castiel’s husband slurred.
. Dean squared his shoulders on instinct, years of his father’s sneering voice filling his head. His therapist called it abuse. Dean hadn’t gotten to that point yet.
The dragon’s chest was mere feet behind the post Dean was bound to. His claws dug into the earth on either side of the stake, his wings creating a shield around Dean’s body. His tail was lashing behind him, creating enormous gouges in the stone with the force of its passing. Above Dean, heat like a thousand suns passed from the mouth of the dragon. It seemed to be endless, growing hotter and hotter the more enraged the dragon became. Castiel was burning the plaza down.
It seemed he hadn’t been wrong to trust the bow. Dean embedded his first arrow into one sprinting man’s chest.
The sound of Dean whimpering when Castiel first wrapped his hand around his cock was enjoyable. Castiel smiled to himself as Dean tensed when he stroked up and down, his body going rigid with pleasure. Dean had clasped his hands behind his back obediently, as if he’d already known he wasn’t supposed to touch. Castiel remembered he was supposed to praise him for that.
Dean finished the bathroom and moved on to the living room. He put the bucket of cleaning supplies away after thoroughly scrubbing all the hard surfaces he could reach. He vacuumed the carpet and the couch, then rearranged all the pillows and folded all the blankets. He was in the middle of dusting the drawer of movies when the door opened.
Castiel had learned that Dean was from Texas a few weeks ago. The other boy only really showed his Southern drawl when he was particularly exhausted or stressed. It seemed the five hundred freestyle was something to be worried about.
As Dean fell through the open air, blood and smoke streaming behind him, he remembered his words to Castiel just before they’d taken off the final time.
was because he’d been busy processing the fact that Castiel and this Omega informant of his might be a lot closer than any of them had originally thought.
Dean’s eyes softened. “If there’s anyone I trust, it’s you, Cas. If we… If we die today, that’s okay. And if you drop me-"
On the short walk back to the motel, Castiel and Dean looked up at the stars. If they’d had more time and a shorter drive ahead of them tomorrow, Castiel might have suggested driving out a little ways so they could stargaze without buildings obstructing their view. The night was getting late, though, and despite how gorgeous the meteor shower was, they had to get some sleep.
“Sam Winchester,” the boy replied, giving Castiel a nod. He sat back down in his chair, sheathing his dagger. “I’m Dean’s little brother.”
Castiel came to a stop at Exam Room Six and threw it open, the door banging against the wall with how hard he’d shoved at it.
Ishim was not only bigger and stronger, he was also more equipped for melee fighting. If it came down to that, and it probably would, Castiel’s useless tail and strangely shaped wings would guarantee his throat being slit. Ishim had a spiked tail and hooked claws, which made him one of the best fishers in the garrisons. He also had razors on the edges of his wings, meaning there was no way for Castiel to get into a close-combat fight with him without being cut up badly.
It was a gentle prompt. Dean’s heart had done a little flip-flop when Castiel had told him he’d done well, so he was feeling a little bit better. Way more willing to eat, that was for sure. He still felt like crap, but he had to admit that his friend was helping him feel less like he was going to die. He slowly poked his arm out from the folds of the blanket draped around his shoulders and shakily grabbed the baked treat off the plate on his lap.
“No, but I’ve wanted to come ever since I heard about it,” Castiel replied. He smiled as he spotted an array of wooden boxes. “Look, Dean! Bees!”
“What do you need with the Omega? He’s innocent and useless in this situation,” the golden-haired assassin said. Dean would have normally bristled at being called useless and innocent, but in this case, he was fine with it if it meant he could get out of here. The charged tension of so many on-edge Alphas in the room was making him antsy. Dagon, too. He’d just noticed the fiery female Beta off in the corner of his eye, and he didn’t like the look of the barbed bat she was holding.
“That’s okay,” Castiel said. He gestured back toward the kitchen. “I was just coming to check on you. You slept for a long time, that’s all. Are you hungry?”
Castiel holds him and kisses his hair, alternating between murmuring praise and telling Dean how pleased he is, how good the hunter has made him feel. He knows that’s just as important to Dean as hearing how good he was. Dean likes knowing that he’s made Castiel feel good. He likes knowing he was of service.
His eyes were aching with the kind of exhaustion that could only be achieved by getting about six hours of sleep in three days. This last hunt had been brutal. Dean wished he’d had backup, but with Sam on a hiking trip with Eileen in the mountains and Jack and Castiel busy getting the last of Heaven in order, Dean hadn’t been able to get any help. Well, no. Scratch that. He hadn’t had the balls to admit that he’d
Dean's body gazed past Sam to the fireplace. It wasn't lit, being too hot a night for that. And he then moved his gaze then to the desk, to the piles of books and research on Lucifer, and the many different omens that could signal the end of days.
Cas was living in Dean's head, and it was hard to dislodge the angel. But, over some time, Sam managed to separate the two in Cas' mind. It helped that the impending apocalypse reminded Cas of what was really important, and soon the angel began to act more like himself again.
Dean stares down at his hands, his palms skyward. His face twists into an expression of hurt as he lowers his hands and looks down at the body below him, eyes welling with tears of pain and frustration.
Dean hears the words like someone had put speakers to both his ears at max volume. The words burned in his brain, and it was a struggle to even make out what he was saying it was that intense. And Dean flinched when Castiel had begun to speak, because Jesus Christ.
Dean suddenly feels the pain growing more intense, and then he's thrown around. He starts to shake, then he tenses as a hand presses to his side and fuses with his body. And the feeling is so relieving against his burnt skin that he leans into it without thinking, fusing further and further with the body, and then it happens, much like it did last time. He feels himself being crammed back into the tiny space that is his body, but unlike last time, Dean immediately has control of himself.
Dean sees flashes of familiar things, like drinking with his brother as he works on a case, exorcising demons, reading lore. But the only thing he feels is pain. His entire body feels like it's covered in charred flesh. And Dean fears he's back in hell. He must have died from that measly head injury and now he's in hell. It wasn't fair. But Dean could hear people talking too. A whisper here, a conversation there. And Dean realizes he never once hears his own name. But, he hears Cas' repetitively.
"What, so you just jump from me to some poor girl? Take away her life like you did Jimmy? Like you're doing to me?" Dean said, making his frustration clear. "Well, not like me because I doubt you'd give her any control. You'd just steal her body."
"Guess not," Dean says, looking back to Castiel's vacant expression. Slowly he places his hand over Cas' eyes, closing them for good, then he's on his feet and turning back to his despondent brother. "Let's get out of here before the angels change their mind about letting us live."
Dean wonders aloud, the sound echoing into nothing inside his brain. Cas doesn't hear him, or if he does he won't acknowledge him.
The sheer panic in his voice resonates within Dean and Sam, their friend angel is dying and he's asking for a favor, one that may be very unreasonable to ask so late and put Dean on the spot, but a favor that is owed. He once brought Dean back from the dead, saving him from an eternity of undeserved torture. Truly, the least he could do is return the favor.
"Did you just speak to me?" Dean asked under his breath, looking down at his hands in his lap. He examines his palms as he waits for a response, startled when it actually comes.
Cas stared back at them, not saying a word. Dean wonders if Cas was comprehending any of it. He has his question answered when Cas shakes his head and firmly insists he is Dean too. This makes Dean's stomach churn, and in turn it makes Cas' churn too, evident by the way he grimaces as he places a hand on his abdomen, which is Dean's abdomen.
"You need to leave," the man said, tugging Dean off the stool he was on. Dean didn't stop to argue, it wasn't worth the trouble. Dean figures the kid called on security because he was sure Dean was judging his lack of faith. He's probably spent his whole life being judged for being atheist. He didn't need it at his job.
"Cas." Sam had said resolutely, like Dean's face had morphed into Jimmy's suddenly, and he was walking around as a constipated tax-accountant type. But who knows, maybe he has morphed into the angel's ex-vessel in this weird dream universe.
He isn't unattractive, that's for sure. He's got a perfect set of pearly white teeth, sparkling green eyes which are much brighter than Dean's own, he's the perfect height and weight with a generous amount of soft black hair.
“I should hope not,” Jimmy responded, shaking his head. He was looking at his sandwich contemplatively, as if it held all the secrets of the universe. “I came back because someone was on my tail. This was the nearest place I could hide.” He looked up at Dean, who was watching him curiously. “I assure you, they can’t find this place. I have not put you in any danger.”
Dean blinked in surprise when Castiel brought him some of his meat and a little leather satchel of berries. “Thanks, Cas,” he said, giving the dragon a tentative smile. It made Castiel’s chest warm.
Castiel almost dropped him right into the lake, but decided against it at last second. He knew Dean had passed out in the air and woken somewhere near the ground, but he didn’t want to risk the possibility of the prince passing out again and drowning. Castiel dropped him on the beach instead, making sure they were low enough that Dean’s fragile human body wouldn’t break on impact.
Castiel groaned from where he’d been frowning at the singular sink. “Are you serious?” He walked up behind Dean and pressed up against his left shoulder, leaning in to see the shower. “Of course. Damn it.”
leave. He couldn’t. He needed Dean. He loved Dean. He wouldn’t be able to live with himself if he knew he’d left this valley to be torn apart by war and hatred. He would be haunted at night by images of Dean being hurt and broken, whether by other dragons or by his own father. Castiel would wonder if Dean ever succeeded in keeping Sam safe from battle, or if the youngest Winchester would soon be dragged into the black hole that was war. Castiel wouldn’t be able to live knowing he’d just
Dean stared at him. “What part...” He struggled for half a second, scrambling for words to a language he’d learned a very long time ago. “What part of this is humane?” Dean waved his hand around, trying to convey their surroundings. He narrowed angry eyes at the doctor. “No part, I’ll tell you.”
. Beside him, Benny was gliding easily through the water, matching Dean in speed and efficiency as they both came into the wall for the first turn. Dean knew that on Benny’s other side was Cam Hudson, and then Ash, and then Garth. The rest of the varsity team stood at the edge of the pool, taking their split times and chatting easily.
It’s soft, questioning. Castiel pauses where he’s pulling off his tie on his side of the room, listening to not only the sound of Dean’s voice, but the sound of his soul.
Castiel was so busy with work and with thinking about his options with Dean that he didn’t notice when the new school year crept up. In fact, it was Dean who reminded him, a week before classes were supposed to begin again. His friend had been studying diligently for the past few weeks, something that surprised Castiel. Dean usually did his summer homework the night before school began again, a rather endearing bad habit that Castiel had learned to live with. When Dean revealed that Michael and his disgust in Dean’s work ethic was behind it, though, Castiel’s surprise disappeared.
