“Oh, good, look who’s decided to get with the program.” But despite his sarcastic words, Dean couldn’t help grinning in sheer relief. “Wakey wakey, sunshine.”
“He came in early to surprise Dean,” Cas went on, crossing his arms and staring down contemplatively at his bare feet, wriggling his toes against the rug. “But when Dean heard him, he came running out of the bathroom like his tail was on fire and hustled me out of there without even introducing me to Sam. He…kept apologizing; said he’d explain everything later. It’s weird, though. Sam called me the landlord and it was like he didn’t even know—”
In no time they were settled on Dean’s ugly but exceedingly comfortable brown couch, shoulders leaning easily together as they got their feet up on the matching ottoman, dishes of pie and ice cream in their laps. Cas held their glasses of scotch, musing that it would likely pair well with the fall flavours of apple pie while Dean fussed with remotes and controllers.
His beer dropped out of his suddenly lax grip, and he was up and moving towards him before it hit the ground with a grassy thud. "
“Ok,” Dean said, forcing in a deep breath. “Ok. Sam had cooked up a plan to get into the Empty but we needed some of your blood to do it. I was gonna try and summon you to ask you about it, but then…”
“I don’t have a girlfriend named Cassie,” Dean said as his heart started pounding in his chest, watching Sam’s face register utter confusion. “I never did. I made her up because I was afraid of telling you and Dad the truth.”
“So, what brings you out this way?” Dean asked, rummaging around in the cooler for a fresh beer. “Not that you have to have a reason, of course. We’re always happy to see you.”
Shrugging, Gabriel looked down at his hands, loosely linked between his knees. “He said he needed some time to think. I don’t know when he’ll be back or where he is; he left his phone here.”
It was almost like being hugged, he mused as the staccato beat of a snare drum came through the headphones, except that it really wasn’t. He hadn’t craved the comfort of another person’s presence beside him in bed like this in
But instead of a delivery driver with boxes, a lanky teenager with shaggy hair and two enormous duffel bags appeared at the bottom of the stairs. The wide grin he was sporting faded into something a bit more reserved as he looked up.
-no-wah, kale, omega threes,” Dean snarked, grabbing a banana from Sam’s fruit bowl. He wanted goldfish crackers but Sam was already far enough up his ass as it was.
It shouldn’t matter to him as much as it did. He was a whole ass adult who had raised his little brother mostly on his own and shouldn’t need anyone telling him he was doing a good job, but after a lifetime of making questionable choices, it...well, it meant something to hear his little brother say he was proud of him.
That now familiar weight of Cas’ body, so grounding and reassuring, convinced Dean to throw Cas a bone since, after all, it
Swiping at his eyes, Dean laughed wetly. “Yeah. Yeah, I think you’re right.” He straightened, went in for a hug that Sam returned with all his might.
created for this fic! I was blown away by this one in particular because all I had provided was the text; I never said anything about the perspective I had of them while I was writing it, and yet she drew them EXACTLY how I'd been imagining them! Delightfully spooky although for her sake I sincerely hope she can't actually read my mind...it's scary in there >.<
There was no need to explain to Gabriel who Sam was; they had both heard Dean talk about him often enough.
Regardless, he only hesitated a second before he dropped down on his knees by Cas’ back, reaching for him with hands that shook nearly as much as his voice. “Cas? It’s me, I'm here.”
“Hey,” he murmured, pulling his face out of kissing range, eyes rolling heavenward in a desperate prayer for strength when Alice latched on to that sensitive spot on the side of his neck and sucked. “Jesus!”
Sam kept going, expanding on his theory, muttering about the multiverse and alternate timelines, sketching things out in his notebook to show to Dean as he went on.
Hearing the name that was so close and yet not at all the right one snapped Dean out of his playful mood. Shoving free (and only having to scramble a bit when Sam didn’t let go of his leg as expected), Dean hid the queasy twist of his stomach with miming a smack upside the back of Sam’s head. “You should know better than to start a prank war with
By the time Gabriel wandered in around four thirty that afternoon, Cas had stress cleaned his apartment—even dusting the baseboards by hand—and had moved on to reorganizing his closet by way of dumping all of its contents onto his bed for triage.
He could practically see the thoughts play out across Sam’s face; good thing the kid had always stuck to hustling pool instead of poker.
Each thing Gabriel said landed like punches straight to Dean’s chest. Rubbing at his aching sternum, he swallowed the urge to vomit, looking back towards Cas’ empty room. “Did he—did he say anything before he left?” Forcing his mouth to shape the words. “Is he…coming back?
“This is it,” Gabe answered, twisting the apparently unlocked doorknob and stepping into a tiny entrance. It led toward a set of stairs in mottled grey terrazzo tiling that Dean knew had to be original to the building.
Sam and Gabe exchanged grins, and Sam gestured over Dean’s shoulder. “Sure, if you want to call this a betrayal.”
When he had woken up in his cocoon of blankets a couple of mornings ago, cradled on all sides by his beloved memory foam, he had never considered that Team Free Will Two Point Oh would be short one angel less than forty-eight hours later.
whimper. Pressing the heels of his hands hard into his eye sockets helped a bit, but he knew that any hope he had for relief was only going to be found in the kitchen.
“Sure,” Dean said through the thickness that had appeared in his throat. Sue him, it had been an emotional roller coaster of a day. “That’d be great.”
“I think I’ve got all the storage I’ll need,” he said with a grin at the empty shelves. “I only brought my clothes for now, but I thought we could maybe take a drive in the next couple of weekends or something to get my books and stuff? I’m sure Dad would appreciate the visit.”
Cas wanted to answer him, he really did, but the sheer force of will that was holding him together was shredding faster than wet tissue paper and if he opened his mouth the least little bit he wouldn’t be able to stop himself from begging.
“You should check on Jody,” Sam said finally, his voice carefully modulated, utterly flat. “Make sure she and the girls are alright. I’ll try to get hold of Jack.”
Cas would have been touched by how hurt Gabriel was—Cas wasn’t the only one who enjoyed having Dean around—but everything that had felt so good and so right about his life an hour ago looked like it was about to go up in flames around him.
, in the time between when the white light had finally started encroaching on the edges of his vision and his abrupt entry into heaven, whatever fear he’d been feeling had steadily burned away into molten fury.
be gone, right? And so I just ended up picturing you standing off behind Sam’s shoulder in that st-stupid coat of yours the whole time, telling me not to be afraid, that you were there to take me somewhere safe—” His voice broke on the last words, a pair of tears slipping free as he ducked his head.
Dean limited himself to a pair of beers easily enough while they played a few rounds of darts, but the blonde with a bangin’ bod taking shots at the bar with a friend was a bit more of a challenge to resist.
Another POV change from Dean to Cas in this chapter, starting from "Consciousness didn’t come back in drips and dribbles" through to the end of the scene.
All that mattered was the gradual easing of both of their bodies, relaxing in towards each other by fractions of millimetres until they were no longer two people side-by-side under a blanket, but an entity unto itself. They were cocooned and warm, safe and peaceful, under a sky impossibly bright with stars.
The scratchy sound of plastic vibrating on raw concrete for the eight millionth time was what finally brought him around, decades of conditioning overriding his stunned grief.
He was rewarded with a small one. “I know.” But Cas’ face fell quickly back into its usual serious lines and he fidgeted with the dishtowel he’d been wielding to keep the drip rack pile to a manageable size.
Sam watched Dean fold the washcloth into quarters, struggle to get it to fold over just one more time after that.
A flash of impatience crossed Sam’s face, but he didn’t fall for Gabe’s baiting. “Look, I’m sure you’re pissed with Dean for what he did, but I feel like this is sort of my fault and…I don’t know, I just need to try and do something here, ok?”
it? Oh, no, Cas, it’s way better than ‘like’. This is I’m-gonna-need-the-recipe good. Sam would lose his shit for this!”
Broader shoulders, for one, pretty much level with his own. Harder lines of biceps and hips and thighs forming a line of heat all down his side. Different. Very different, but…good. Or, it could be, if Cas would just relax into it a little. Maybe he didn’t want to be so close?
When the sandwiches hit the table, Cas fell on them like he hadn’t eaten in days, but Dean toyed with his, forcing down a few bites and ultimately shoving his plate over to Cas to finish.
“Hey, Cas!” he shouted back towards the house. Cas appeared on the upper part of the deck, looking around curiously as the temperature dropped dramatically at Dean’s will. “Get down here, would ya?”
Sam’s voice was just a touch too loud, tight, edged with the panic that had underscored everything since they had pulled up to find Eileen gone. “I’ve been trying to call you.” The next few words came out a bit wobbly. “We…they’re all gone.”
“Guess you’ll have to chase him then,” she snickered, bringing her hands up into claws. “Make some growling noises, it’ll be way more realistic.”
He needed a piss, coffee, painkillers, and a greasy breakfast, in that exact order, and that was enough to get him moving stiffly towards the door.
“No,” Dean murmured, going to get out of the car. Sam waved him off, picking his way across the sidewalk and easing into the passenger seat like his bones were made of glass.
Dean had been all prepared to suffer guiltily in silence, but now that Cas was there, filling up his kitchen with his easygoing monologue, he caved. He was weak, so fucking weak for this man with his bright eyes and incredible smile.
“Stop.” Mouth shutting with a snap, Dean complied, trying to keep his breathing steady. Lowering the hand he’d held out, Cas shook his head. “What’s done is done, and while I would appreciate an explanation sooner rather than later, I’m here to tell you that I’m willing to see if we can work things out between us.”
He pushed a list of names towards Dean, some circled. Among them, Bobby, Charlie, and Eileen immediately caught his eye.
“Nah.” Dean clambered to his feet much less gracefully, his knees cracking. “I’m gonna make us something to eat.” He caught sight of his come splattered down the front of the cupboards and on the floor and made a face. “Oh, god.
be giving up on getting him out of here, you can have your precious rest, and he becomes my problem somewhere that is most definitely not here.”
Cas let Dean maneuver them back towards the chairs, but didn’t let go of Dean’s hand as they settled back side-by-side.
It was enough to make a more reasonable man than Dean Winchester want to pick a bar fight just to have the satisfaction of punching someone in the face. Hard. Better a stranger than Sam, right?
When the cup of hot-and-heavenly transferred hands, Dean shakily saluted his brother with it and sucked back half in one go. Despite it being both scalding hot and strong enough to use as paint stripper, he didn’t taste a thing, but the spreading warmth in his chest and stomach had him sighing with relief.
He was feeling so sorry for himself that he didn’t reply to any of Cas’ messages that day, and when the man himself showed up after his shift with his concerned face on, Dean lied about not feeling well and hoped that excuse would buy him a couple of days to figure out what the hell he was going to do next.
“Don’t cry,” he said quietly, surprised by how easy it was to comfort Cas, to touch him gently the way Dean himself had always wanted to be touched. If that made him the chick in this scenario…well, he had certainly survived being called worse.
He went for a dark grey fitted sweater that Sam had given him last Christmas, paired with his one good (and ridiculously expensive) pair of designer jeans that he usually reserved for his
The laughter started as such a low rumbling that at first Dean mistook it for thunder. But it rolled and rolled, built momentum until it crested. It shook his bones and made the roots of his teeth ache with the sonic force of it.
your deal, Cas.” Dean knocked his hand away. “Unless you look me in the eye and tell me in a way that I’ll actually believe that you
Like most poor choices, it had started with good intentions. The older lady who owned the duplex next to Cas’ had adopted a puppy, a lanky little dude who hadn’t even started to grow into his big ears or even bigger paws yet.
When Gabe had managed to shove his emotions back into the padlocked box he usually kept them in, he took a second to knock back a long swig of beer, buying some more time to settle himself.
“Me and my brother,” Gabe answered, reaching the top and unlocking the plain wooden door. “This is actually Cassie’s place,” he continued, shaking his head when Dean moved to kick off his flip-flops. “Don’t worry about the shoes, bro.”
Cas insisted on paying and Dean only backed down once Cas said that he’d let Dean get the next one with a questioning little head tilt. Grinning and nodding his agreement to Cas’ unasked question that there would indeed be a next time, giddy warmth curled pleasantly in Dean’s belly, flowing out along his arms to tingle in his palms.
me?” he shouted at the sky, pointedly ignoring the irony of looking heavenward in, well, heaven. “Jack?
A couple of minutes later, they settled around Cas’ old-fashioned Formica table with their plates heaped with slabs of meatloaf, mashed potato volcanoes swimming with gravy, and piles of bright green peas either floating in the gravy or cascading down the side of the potatoe mountains in a vibrant spill of colour.
Cas was special. He wasn’t like anyone Dean had met before; there was no coyness to him, no bluster or posing. He was blunt and open, quiet and casual, and endlessly fascinating because of it. And no matter how many times over the past few weeks Dean had fantasized about, well, pretty much everything he could think of to do with Cas, he didn’t want to risk what he had on the vague possibility that Cas could be into him, too.
He had finished a restoration project with Bobby the previous day, but was already itching to get started on the next one, just as soon as he decided which one he wanted to tackle. And unglued his ass from its comfortable spot, of course.
Bobby faded back behind Jack’s shoulder with a few quiet words about catching up later; Dean supposed there was nothing but time in heaven, and consoled himself with the thought that once he got Cas out, there would be all the time in the world to spend with the ones he had lost too soon.
The second bedroom was a cursory stop, Gabe pointing out the deep linen closet next to it as they looped back towards the front door, stepping into a long, narrow living room across from the main bedroom.
Cas rolled his eyes. “For someone who claims to love Thai food as much as you do you should know this.”
The only real option he could see was to throw himself on Cas’ mercy, confessing his multitude of sins and hoping that Cas’ seemingly infinite well of compassion would be enough to keep him from breaking up with Dean on the spot. Except then he would have to ask Cas to keep their relationship on the DL for a bit while he worked out how to handle things with Sam and their dad, which felt massively disingenuous and hypocritical. Cas had broken away from his own family to be able to live his life out and proud, and this felt like asking him if he’d mind hanging out back in the closet for an undetermined period of time while Dean dealt with the clusterfuck of his life.
Also, if you are uncomfortable reading about Dean hooking up someone other than Cas, you can skip the section under the November 22nd time-stamp that starts and ends with a '**'.
Dammit, this was a terrible time to be wondering if Cas had been bothered by Dean’s hookups over the years. At least, Dean reasoned while Alice nipped at his bottom lip, the last few years hadn’t been so much of a dry spell as a drought in a desert for his once-active sex life. But still…the idea of Cas seeing him with the odd hook up, feeling like he did about Dean, sat like a lead weight in his stomach.
While his brother worked through his own moment of desperate denial, Dean took the opportunity to move closer to Jack. It hurt to look at him, his serious, earnest face so damn much like Cas’. The kid looked devastated.
He had had a moment of wild hope when Donna called, but, really, who was he kidding. He was Dean fucking Winchester. Chuck had made damn sure nothing had really gone his way for the last four decades, so why would it start to now?
Cas’ narrowed eyes at the book maneuver softened at the mention of Dean’s little brother. “I’ll miss you while you’re gone but Sam’s going to be ecstatic to have you all to himself for a week.”
Three firm knocks on the front door snapped him out of his funk. Expecting a delivery service, he was surprised to see Sam Winchester on the porch in basketball shorts and one of Dean’s raggedy old band shirts. Gabe hadn’t heard him come down the stairs.
Jack hitched himself up onto the bed near Cas’ feet, dropping his hands between his thighs comfortably.
They kept on topic after that, arguing over ref calls and bemoaning the rough start to the pre-season, the Habs having won only three of the nine games so far. Gabriel made popcorn between the second and third period, mostly as an excuse to cover his share in Kernels ketchup seasoning, wiggling his eyebrows playfully at Dean as he sucked the red powder off of his fingertips.
It was a much more pleasant reunion scene this time. Cas was standing up on his own two feet and Dean wasn’t barking panicked questions. There was time for a long hug between Cas and Jack, and a pleased grin from Jack when Cas finally let go and immediately stepped back to Dean’s side.
Rolling his eyes, Dean gave him a little shake, his voice getting louder in his impatience. “That’s not the frigging deal, if you would just
Dean cut him off, holding up his hand. “Let me get it all out and then you can ask me whatever you want, ok?” He took a deep breath to try and counter the feeling of suffocation. “I’m bi, and I never had a girlfriend named Cassie, but for the last eight months or so I did have a boyfriend named Cas, my landlord, the guy who was here when you showed up yesterday.”
Bladder empty and gas tank full, and seemingly without a single cop around to man a speed trap, he managed to turn the nine-hour stretch into eight, stair-stepping his way up through Nebraska into Iowa, stopping again just outside of Des Moines for gas and yet more coffee before pushing through the last few hours to Hastings.
And as for Gabriel, well, he soon learned that doing things like banging on a door that hadn’t been properly latched to complain about ungodly sex noises again would result in seeing things that had him scuttling off down the hall trailing a litany of expletives and groans about “my eyes, my
“And you,” he continued, gently tugging until Cas stepped right up against his chest, right where it felt like it was about to burst open, “you can promise to stay, even when it’s tough, and
“Dean.” Cas’ deep voice cut through the jumble of thoughts in his head. “It’s alright, go back to Sam.” He smiled. It was a little sad, but mostly bright and beautiful. “Time passes very differently for me than it will for you, especially here, and I’ll have Jack. I’ll be here, and I’ll wait for you.”
TW (discussion of Dean's death) - If you can't deal with it, skip from "“No!” Dean thankfully looked as horrified as Cas felt." to the end of that scene, indicated with a ~. If you're on the fence, it's not a gory description detailing second by second what happened, but rather Dean telling Cas about his feelings as it was happening. Feel free to DM me on Twitter (@VernsTavern) if you want additional info before making a decision. Make the choice that's best for you!
Dean had gotten across the kitchen in record time, wrapping Cas up in a hug that was only a little desperate. He tucked his face into Cas’ warm neck, felt him hook his chin over Dean’s shoulder as his hands stroked soothingly down his back before they tightened around his waist.
“That’s…Dean, I don’t even remember saying that but I was, what, like fourteen? Fifteen? Of course I was grossed out seeing people kissing, isn’t everyone at that age?! Jesus, I’m not a fucking homophobe!”
Eyes sliding closed in weary resignation, Sam slumped into his seat. “I don’t know. Maybe…maybe we should just go back to the bunker, keep checking up on people, try to see if there’s some kind of pattern.”
Dean hadn’t even caught the end of what Jack was saying before he raised his hand in a dorky little wave, fading out where he stood. Sam and Dean were left standing in the kitchen, spinach still crushed in Sam’s hand, and Dean’s cereal disintegrated into a sludgy, milky pool.
Considerate, he had thought, more curious than ever to meet his mysterious new landlord slash neighbour, adding the number to his contacts.
Something to note: the legal drinking age in Ontario where Sam and John live is 19, whereas it's 18 in Québéc, so it's quite common to see cars full of teens with ON license plates driving across to QC to party :)
. Seriously, can you see inside my head?! This was exactly how I had pictured it, right down to Dean sitting on that side of the bed...seriously, please, go show some love for this talent!
“I’m glad you like it, and yes, it’s most definitely yours.” Jack sounded satisfied, but also like he was winding up, about to poof out to get back to whatever he had been doing before popping in to say hi. Dean grabbed his arm. Dumb of him, since Jack was, well,
“And that’s about it.” Gabe turned to face him. “Like the ad said, the garage parking is yours at no extra cost, fridge and stove come with, hydro is obviously your business, and you’ve got free access to the backyard as long as you clean up after yourself. The basement is mostly storage and the laundry machines, but there’s enough room down there if you need to stash your winter tires or whatever.”
“What kind of question is that? Of course I got him out. Jeez, man. Not like I’d let a little thing like dying get in my way. He’s upstairs with Jack and all them.”
Jack wasn’t at the bunker, either. But at least Dean managed to get through to Jody, and she reassured him that everything on her end of things was fine, at least. It was...well, it was something.
Within an hour the groceries were being put to good use. He had mushrooms sautéing in some of the fat that was left over after browning off some ground beef while a pot of meat sauce bubbled on a back burner next to a smaller one of marinara. Pizza dough was rising under a kitchen towel in a warm patch of sun near the sink. AC/DC played from the Bluetooth speaker Sam had given him last Christmas and the only thing that kept his afternoon from being absolute perfection was his little brother’s absence.
Big glossy tears had welled up in Sam’s eyes, and Gabe felt a corresponding pressure in his own throat. Christ, what was it with these Winchesters brothers and their big sad eyes and stupidly handsome faces, coming around and making the Novak brothers cry?!
Dean had to admit that Jack had pretty much nailed his idea of perfection with one exception. There was no other bedroom, so Dean had to swallow the surprising little jab of disappointment that Cas must have his own place somewhere else.
“That kind of liminal state was why he reacted so poorly to coming here.” Jack shrugged, idly running a palm over the polished oak footboard. “He just needs some time to acclimate. He’ll wake when he’s ready.”
It was time, Dean decided, bacon sizzling satisfyingly in a cast iron skillet. He took a second to appreciate (and also miss) the lack of bitchy comments from health nut younger brothers about fat content and sodium, and the superiority of—heaven help him—turkey bacon.
Turning, he surveyed the dusty road that ran along the front of the Roadhouse. He wanted to embrace the surge of happiness that the sight of the old place brought him, wanted to bolt inside and see if everyone was actually there, but his inner Karen was coming out and he needed to speak to a manager right the fuck now.
Dean shook his head desperately, thrusting his hands out to keep them back as he scrambled messily to his feet. Ignoring both Sam and Jack calling his name, he stumbled down the hall to the safety of his bedroom, praying they’d have the good sense to not follow.
It was almost like someone else was operating the hand that came up and hooked around Cas’ waist, drawing him in until he was right up in Dean’s face, all ruffled hair and forehead wrinkles, sporting wide and worried blue eyes. Dean was such a sucker for those eyes; they made something under his skin light up with delight every time he found himself on the receiving end of one of Cas’ stares.
“Unbelievable,” Dean muttered as he collapsed back into his spot, his chest warm from so much more than the scotch. Cas smirked at him over the rim of his glass.
Except that, instead of going to refill the empty cup for himself, Sam just took up the same position, his silence looming larger and larger until Dean started to feel itchy.
Dean looked around the room, seeming a bit puzzled. “Yeah, we’re most definitely in heaven. Don’t you remember...?”
Being with Cas was bright and silly and sexy and fun, more fun than Dean could remember having had in years. But Sam thought two men together was something disgusting, so Dean had learned to make plenty of noise about the women he hooked up with, making sure to publicize any dates he went on. He took cute selfies with them and sent them to Sam, and kept any same-sex parts of his life pathologically private.
Cas turned a rather alarming shade of burgundy when they locked eyes. “I mean, your car has such a distinctive sound—”
Dean took a second to steady himself, and when he met his brother’s gaze, he nodded. “I hope so,” he said quietly to himself, but waved off Sam’s confused look.
“It’s your heaven, Dean. The weather can be warmer with just a thought and I’m in no danger of freezing.”
He had been so careful not to out himself. He was pretty sure that John wouldn’t do anything drastic like kick him out or disown him, but he’d heard enough horror stories that he didn’t want to ever test the supposed unconditional nature of his father’s love for him. To be fair, he’d also never expected that when he finally caught feelings for someone that that someone would be another guy, so he hadn’t ever really put a whole lot of thought into how he would handle that situation. He reasoned that this with Cas was still really new, that it could go tits up at any moment, so it wasn’t necessary to worry about how he’d handle things with his family if their relationship got serious.
“Did Dean tell you what happened?” Sam asked suddenly, turning a bit more towards Gabriel, startling him mid-sip.
“Stop whining and eat your dinner,” Cas said absently. He dug into his own plate, nodding thoughtfully as he chewed. “Oh, this
The Impala nearly ended up in a ditch for the second time as he slammed on the brakes, fumbling to get the car off the road without letting go of his phone. He managed it, although it took him two tries to open the text message app with his shaking fingers, his heart pounding.
Shame flushed him hot. He had had so much time, and he had wasted all of it in the warm waters of De Nile. He didn’t even have a plan for the most basic question Sam could ask him. He swallowed hard. “I honestly hadn’t thought that far. I…I don’t know.”
Humming the last couple of bars of 'Back in Black', he almost missed the knock on his inner door. No one should have been able to get past the outer door without ringing the buzzer, so he assumed it was probably Gabe checking in on him, or maybe the mysterious ‘Cassie’ had come to introduce himself at last.
“It’s…perfect,” he said wonderingly. It was everything he had never thought he’d have, the house to go with the apple pie life he had long ago given up on. “This is really mine?”
As it stretched out, he started to doubt himself. Oh, shit, had he totally misunderstood where Cas was going with things? He must have misread something, shit
Cas’ head nearly clipped Dean’s chin as it shot up in indignation. His blue eyes narrowed in a glare. “
Sam was already out and running to where they’d found Eileen’s phone, but it didn’t take a genius to see that there was no brunette with a megawatt smile waiting on the sidewalk.
“Ooooor,” he said, adding his most charming grin, “you can play along and stop ruining my genius plan to have it be cold enough that the idea of sitting close together under a blanket is appealing.” He threw out another inviting arm wiggle with the blanket rippling in its wake. “Kind of the whole point, y’know?”
Pizza in hand (and in mouth), Dean grunted acknowledgement. Sam shot him an unimpressed look and seized the moment to scoop some salad onto Dean’s half-empty plate. Dean slitted his eyes at him, jaw working faster so he could swallow his mouthful and object, but Sam hurried on before he could.
Birds hopped from branches to peck busily around the little trees planted between the sidewalks and the street.
Shit, his throat was closing on him. He swallowed hard, tilting his head back until it connected with the wall behind him. “He…
“You might call what we had “fucking” but that’s bullshit and you know it.” Cas spoke slowly, thoughtfully, into the quiet. Each word landed with the distant hollow boom of thunder, vibrating up into Dean’s chest, rattling his heart in its bony cage.
“Beautiful,” Cas breathed, pulling back to dip into a deep, languid kiss. He pulled back, running his thumb along the damp fullness of Dean’s lower lip, his eyes following raptly. “God, I love your mouth.”
“You drive me completely crazy, you know that?” Cas growled out. This time Dean could see his face with the angle the phone was at and he stared as Cas threw his head back on the headrest and looked down at the phone with heavy-lidded eyes.
“I want…” Cas smiled encouragingly, tracing a thumb along his jawline that Dean leaned into. He’d never been loved so…gently. Like he was someone who deserved soft touches and gentle kisses. Not that Cas wasn’t up for a little wall slamming sex once in a while…and
“I mean, no, but how many babysitters are you going to find who knows how to decapitate a vampire? My resume speaks for itself.”
“Such a brat,” was Cas’ reply, shaking his head with a playful eye roll. “That mouth is going to get you in trouble, Dean.”
Cas tried to smile disarmingly as Lizzie took a dejected sip of her soda, her hair loosely hanging in front her face as a shield. “No, it’s okay. I just have some very private matters about my past I like to keep that way, at least until I know someone better, and you seem to do very well at hitting things very much on the nose. That is a gift for sure.”
“What’s happened?” screamed Delaney in confusion as the wind began to die down and she staggered to her feet from where the wind had thrown her.
“Meet me on the roof,” Cas growled out before kissing his neck, undoubtedly leaving a hickey and exiting the kitchen toward the bedrooms. Dean leaned against the table and took a breath. The chemistry was something he couldn’t define. Before, when they’d tried to ignore their feelings, it had been an almost painful ache to deny it. The smallest of touches had been electric even in their briefness…and he’d thought the resolved tension would have made things calmer between them…but no. If anything, it had fanned the flames. He’d have thought they were in the “honeymoon phase”, except they’d been the softly bickering, nagging, fighting couple for a long time now…just without the benefit of sex. Now, they were the same nagging, bickering, couple…just a lot fucking hornier.
other people,” Dean growled out as he saw Cas struggling with his words. He went to him and extended his arms, and was surprised as Cas crashed into him, wrapping his own arms tightly around him. “Shhh, Angel. It’s okay. You're okay.”
“And if I just gave you what you wanted now…” Cas groaned as he slipped his underwear down and fully gripped himself. “You’d not get to enjoy the anticipation…” He huffed out a ragged breath and watched him through half-closed eyes as he stroked himself in full view of the camera. “Of wondering what I’m going to give you when I get home. Now angle the camera so I can see you touching yourself.”
“Oh fuck, Cas…Cas…damn,” Dean flopped back onto his back as Cas slowly released his dick from his mouth. Dean strained to see him, lips slick and a sparkle in his eye. His chest heaved in sweet relief and he felt like he could finally make a coherent thought, though when looking at Cas next to his dick, that was debatable. As he recovered, Cas leaned back on his heels and began unbuttoning his shirt. That got his attention, even as boneless as he felt. He propped up on his elbows and watched him with a curious expression, a voyeur in his own damn room as Cas gracefully removed his dress shirt and then moved to his pants, making Dean’s eyes fall to his belt buckle. Even immediately post-orgasm, he felt his heart stutter as Cas slid his belt through the pants loops. Sense memories were a strong thing. Cas then stood and pulled his pants and underwear down in one smooth motion, tossing them onto the chair with his coats.
“And Death?” Cas asked in curiosity even as the Shadow walked around him and put his/Dean’s hands on his shoulders and pinched painfully.
did that. You, me, and Jack, but yeah I guess-“ Sam looked to his brother with confusion as Claire let out an annoyed huff.
All three of them shifted and Dean and Sam looked to Cas, who frowned at them both. “Why do I have to be the one to tell her? Isn’t that a bit too personal at this stage in our relationship with her?” Lizzie looked to Cas, expectant.
“Throw me to the wolves much?” Dean said with a husky laugh as he leaned his head against the headrest and turned to look at Castiel.
“Okay, then…I’ll stop the sweet talk…Cut right to the fucking,” Dean said with a deep chuckle as he stuck his hand in the side pocket of Cas’ duffel, knowing him too well. Cas groaned at Dean’s words and worked himself harder as he watched Dean put a dollop of lube on his finger and slick himself open for him. Cas gripped him by his hips and pulled him onto his lap, Dean’s strong legs straddling his muscular hips. Dean couldn’t help but run his hands along his upper arms, dragging his nails along as he did. He leaned back and worked Cas inside him, both shuddering in bliss as they united.
“My entire garrison turned back, too afraid to go deeper into Hell to save you, but once I glimpsed your soul from afar…shining like a beacon in the darkness…cracked but not shattered under the immense weight it bore…I knew I had to save you, no matter the cost…and I’ve
Castiel’s eyes narrowed and his head tilted as he sat up and let go of her wrists, speaking without his own permission. “Rowena Macleod.”
“Cas…you’re just gonna let him talk like that right in front of you?” Sam waved his hand at his brother in frustration, hoping Cas would help to change the subject.
“Please don’t kill her!” Lizzie screamed out as she took a tentative step forward, cautious of Castiel as her sister should have been. “I’m sorry for what she is…but she’s my sister.”
Dean snorted through his nose, resisting the urge to scream again. This was some Twilight-level stupid right here. Hallucinating his voice. Pathetic. He stood and stormed off to the gun range. He wouldn’t be able to hear anything while he was firing shots off and that sounded like a plan right now.
“I’d agree. They’ve gone up against the worst of the worst.” Cas added with a sliver of pride outshining the bitter feelings from moments ago.
child?” She looked to Castiel who shook his head but couldn’t help the spill over of his pride for Jack.
“Ah fuck, fuck Cas…” Dean cursed as he made his thrusts harder, knowing a human partner would have complained by now. Not Cas. Whatever side of himself he revealed to Cas was always accepted.
“I’ll do what I please, little Angel. You and your little half-breed mutt child have caused me enough problems. Dean will suffer
Dean's face flushed but he shook his head. “Sammy’s got a connection too. I don’t-“ Claire interrupted him as she crossed her arms again.
Suddenly Lizzie’s face unfroze, and her eyes widened with excitement. “NO! You guys are…. incredible! Your life is weirder than mine. I’ve never met anyone with a weirder life. I’m so relieved!” Castiel laughed suddenly and unexpectedly and it made every human in the room shiver with the power of it.
“Should we…get inside or…” Dean fidgeted under his weight but Cas pressed his hips down harder, using his supernatural strength to hold him in place. A ragged breath punched out of him as he pinned him and Dean brought a hand up to gently stroke through his feathers, unable to control himself. Cas dug his teeth into his lower lip and his wings ruffled before settling back around Dean’s hand.
Dean huffed in exasperation and gave Cas a puzzled look of his own. “Excuse me? I was actually talking to my friend Cas…”
“Isn’t he, like, Cas’ kid?” Claire said from the doorway, her arms crossed and anger of her own plainly visible on her face.
As the three men awoke groggily, they looked around them, blinking in confusion in the dim light of the barren room. The room itself was partially boarded up, giving off condemned vibes considering the tracks in the dust of the floor were mainly of the rodent variety. There were a few candles and one electric lantern casting deep shadows around the visible corners of the room as they sat bunched together on a small table, illuminating the sparseness. A few dust-covered chairs lay on their sides around them while trash and other broken boards scattered around them.
screamed through a nightmare about Hell, Michael, or one of a dozen or things that damaged his psyche. Now he’d hold Cas as he drifted off to sleep and hope to keep his demons at bay for at least a little while. He kissed his damp hair and inhaled the soft scent of the hotel shampoo, tightening his arms just a bit more as Cas scooted closer to him in restless sleep. He’d be damned a second time before he let anyone or anything take this happiness from his life. He’d fought so damn hard for it. He wouldn’t give it up without a fight. He wouldn’t give Cas up without a fight. Not ever again.
“Okay, okay, whatever you say,” Dean leaned over and stole a kiss, catching Cas off guard. “Stop being so grumpy. I’d much rather be back at the hotel right now…” He wiggled his eyebrows and Cas smirked despite himself.
Cas’ eyebrows raised in shock and he looked to Sam and Dean. “We...uh…we don’t keep friends very well. We get a little gun shy about inviting more people into our lives. They tend to die bloody.”
“Magic fingers, huh?” Cas grinned as he gripped Dean under his ribs. “After this, you should take a break for your human needs. Food, water, rest. We aren’t under a time restraint.”
“Everybody okay?” Sam asked as he looked nervously from Dean to Cas, trying to make sense of the muddled mess of events in his brain. He was tied to the chair between them and they were scattered far enough apart to not be of much help to one another. They were all three tied securely to chairs with ropes and zip ties, their feet bound to the legs and their arms bound behind them tightly to the backs of the chairs, and they looked just as puzzled as he did as they nodded in confirmation that they were alright.
“I think…” Cas sat there and looked up, trying to find words for what he was feeling. “I’m feeling fear that you will reject me once you have seen them, seen the physical proof of my Otherness.”
Cas ended their text thread with the laughing with tears emoji and a kissy face emoji and Dean shook his head at the sheer ridiculousness of a sex-crazed Angel who used emojis like a preteen. He grumpily tossed his phone on his nightstand and rolled over on his stomach to get rid of the temptation to touch himself. However, the press of the mattress was almost worse. Goddamn it. He did finally nod off to sleep but it was restless, tossing and turning.
Her eyes were wide as she stared up from the bed. Sam still sat near her, his hands folded neatly in his lap as Cas and Dean stood together. “Oh…yeah…So, feel free to say no…but I was wondering…Delaney probably needs to be kept out of hunting. It puts her in the path of too many excuses to use her power…”
Sam smiled again, softer. “Longer than it’s been officially a thing. It was about as long-distance as it could get for about two years, so they are still in the honeymoon phase, so to speak. I am happy for them though. They danced around it for years.”
Cas’ words left an impression on the bartender and he sized Cas up as he spoke now, finally noting the man in front of him might be as dangerous as those sitting at the table. “Really? You must know em pretty well then…”
, but this bothers you so much more. This?” The shadow laughed cruelly as he tugged on the flannel shirttail, as far as Cas’ eyes would rise. “This is the human you chose to declare your love to? This...this…insecure
Dean sighed and looked at Sam, who shrugged. “Well, Hell. We’ve told you this much and you haven’t run screaming. I was possessed by Michael.
Lizzie sighed with a sappy smile as she watched them together, then got rigid as Cas turned and walked to her sister. “I’m going to heal her internal injuries from the fight…but she will not wake for several hours yet…”
“Your sister literally just tried to mindfuck my boyfriend, Lizzie,” Dean said as he frowned. ‘We may need to table the question for a just little bit until I can be a little less pissed about that.”
“Mother fucking sonofabitch!” Dean growled out as he abruptly sat up in bed, swiping at the lamp and confused as to why it wasn’t making the light go off. He was an angry sleeper, as Cas had said. Speaking of whom…
“Are you trying to make me jealous now? Or bait me with your brattiness?” Cas' glare was something to behold. All righteous fury that made Dean ready to be consumed by it.
magic because suddenly Dean was in Cas’ lap, thighs on either side of the chair, with warm hands sliding under his boxers to grip his ass while they attempted to consume one another with their lips. Cas’ tongue slid across the edge of his teeth and hummed in controlled excitement as Dean ground against his lap. Suddenly the world tilted and the chair tipped but instead of ending up on the floor, Dean found himself pressed against the dining table before the chair could even clang loudly against the bunker floor. Dean’s chest heaved as Cas swooped in and caught his lips with his own again, resting his hands on either side of the table, caging him in…Dean wanted to laugh. Like he was fucking
Delaney leaned against the table behind her, listening to Dean with only mild interest. She nodded her head in potential agreement but shrugged, unbothered. “Maybe, but with the three traces combined…”
“Yeah, well, he didn’t okay? So, this?” Dean gestured between the two of them. “This is Team Free Will now. No more Angels. No more mom. He’s dead. They’re both dead. We’re it,” Dean spat the last out and turned to go to his room, but Sam grabbed his arm.
apocalypse?! There were others?” Lizzie squeaked out as she looked at them with increased interest and disconcertment.
! You don't understand!” Cas bellowed as she uncorked the top with relative ease. The Grace began pouring out immediately, a much larger amount than the bottle appeared to hold. She stood mesmerized as she stared then she repeated the line again as it swirled around her a moment, seeking entrance into a vessel…confused by her words as it swirled and lit the room with bright streaks of white and blue light. It seemed to whisper to itself,  a soft hum just out of human range that all the humans in the room winced at, except for Cas. Cas tilted his head to the side and his eyes went distant as he heard its call.
“I made that promise under duress. You tricked me,” He said with a face that was trying to remain grumpy but his lips turned up at the corners at Cas smiling down at him.
Cas, equally as exposed in only his underwear, lifted an eyebrow at his tone. “I thought you might want…You seem agitated. We can go back inside.” He immediately backpedaled on what he was going to offer and that intrigued Dean.
They pulled up in the driveway of Jody’s house, Jack had fallen asleep an hour ago after they’d stopped for lunch and a bathroom break. While Dean headed to the front door, stretching his arms out and cracking his knuckles, Sam went to the back seat and slung Jack’s bag over one shoulder before unbuckling the sleeping toddler and gently holding him against him, letting his head rest on his shoulder.
what we did. That's not what we're doing,” Dean said firmly as Jack sat up and blinked sleepily in Sam’s lap.
“A hunter’s funeral. Older hunter named Greg Keely,” Dean said in answer as he scanned the email, his forehead creased in concentration.
A small smile pulled at the corner of Dean's lips for the first time in a long time. Remembering him with someone who understood how special he was. Not that Sam didn't...but Sam only wanted to rationalize his sacrifice. Not relish in his memory. “But he was
Without looking, Dean put his foot down harder on the gas, heading toward Sioux Falls. “Jody’s pretty familiar with the supernatural, Sam.”
“One thing at a time, Cas…” Sam murmured as he sat on the bed next to her, looking at her increasingly pale face.
better. He gripped his wrists harder, fighting not to fist the sheets when Cas slid a second in, pumping his fingers in and out of him while massaging his fingertips over his prostate again. Even without any stimulation to his dick, his eyes rolled back in his head and he felt sweat starting to break out along the small of his back and the back of his neck as another orgasm began quickly creeping up, a pleasant pressure in his gut as Cas stroked him with his fingers. “Cas…” Dean gasped out as Cas stopped pumping and focused his attention only on his prostate. “Ah, fuck!” Dean shouted, throwing his hands down and finally giving in, fisting them in the sheets as he rode out another orgasm, one that had nothing to do with his dick. As a matter of fact, it laid there, flaccid and uninterested as his thighs shook from the strain. Cas stroked him through it, slowing down as Dean came down from it until he left him panting and sweaty. When he removed his fingers, Dean unceremoniously flopped his legs down on the bed and moaned.
"No, not yet," Cas spoke softly, regretfully, with a frown and Dean abruptly woke up, groaning. Goddamnit it. Even dream Cas was in on the damn game. When he fully awoke he found himself clutching at the comforter like it was a body, his legs wrapped around it, and he kicked it off in disgusted frustration.
we cared. Even if neither of us is good at saying it. He knew we were both emotionally repressed assholes, and he liked us anyway.”
Dean’s brain sounded an alarm and he blinked awake a bit more, sitting up in the bed and letting the comforter pool around his hips. “Wait. How long are you going to be gone again?”
The shadow crouched, forcing Cas to look into the last face he’d seen before he’d died. Dean…but this was
Dean frowned for a different reason now. “You sure you don’t need help? That’s a long time not to have any backup.”
Dean snorted a laugh as he looked at Claire, her black leather jacket and give no shits attitude painted loudly on her face. “Have you ever babysat a day in your life?”
Dean's heart raced at the thought, her words pulling at the tiny, shriveled ball of hope he'd been carrying around inside of him since Cas had died, but he was cautious. “Claire, we can’t…I can’t have that kind of hope. Kid, I’m barely holding it together these days and I can’t…" He swallowed and looked almost pained. "Hope is dangerous.”
“Real smooth, you moron,” Dean growled out to himself as he reached under his seat and grabbed his pistol before exiting the car. He couldn’t argue with Cas’ logic as to why flaunting their relationship might be a bad idea. Some hunters were open minded and some of the most loving people in the world, minus the whole monsters things. Others he'd met just seemed to use monster hunting as an excuse to kill anything they didn’t like or agree with. There were extremes in every crowd. Going into an unknown situation, he was right. Dean knew it but damn if it didn’t sting. As he went to the trunk and began putting on his own knife sheath on his ankle and checking the rounds in his gun the rest of his family walked up to the car.
“That is not what happened. Mom made her own choices, even knowing what’d cost. She made that deal with Azazel, not you. It wasn’t your fault.”
Cas sighed beside him and leaned against the kitchen counter. “You heard him. He doesn’t think a regular human could deal with this life, and he’s not wrong, Dean…”
Cas looked between them and went to stand by Dean, lacing his hand with his own, watching as Lizzie stared at their entwined fingers. “No, you don’t. That is entirely the point. Sam and Dean would never willingly harm me. I gave up my Grace for many reasons, and yes, Dean is one of them...If I die as an Angel I will go to the Empty. It is where all Angels go when they die. I am not on the best of terms with the keeper of the Empty and I am guaranteed a long, torturous afterlife if that comes to pass.”
Lizzie looked down at her sister, clenched her hands into fists then looked up at him. “Do it…Please…It’s that or she hurts someone else, and I don’t know if I could kill her if it came to that.”
Delaney shrugged callously as she brushed her hair from her face, lack of empathy and compassion making her markedly different than her sister even with her identical features. “Yeah, that would be sad for you, but life goes on, well-most assuredly for
“I’ve got way worse things I could share. I’ve got no room to judge, Lizzie,” Sam said with a soft, friendly smile as he brushed a stray strand of her hair off her cheek before pulling his hand back nervously and shoving them in his pockets.
“Let’s say I did ask her out and it got serious…What then?” Sam said with growing frustration at their meddling.  “Here, let me take you back to the secret underground bunker I live in with my brother and his boyfriend who have EXTREMELY loud sex at all hours of the night? Oh, and one of them used to be an Angel. Yeah, I see her really going for that.”
“You just make sure you’ve got what you need to protect yourself in a fight. I can’t bring you back from the dead,” Castiel said with agitation in his voice as he exited the vehicle abruptly. Dean gripped the steering wheel hard and banged his head back on his seat as Cas closed the door behind him.
Cas held his wrist, stilling him and looking into his eyes with a frown, making a wrinkle appear between his eyes. “You don’t have to do that Dean…”
“Oh yeah. We cleared out a vamp nest last night!” Jack said with the excitement of a child on Christmas morning.
Ever reasonable, Sam replied. “I know it may seem that way to you. I know you all have no memory of the time gap, but it’s been longer for us.”
He and Cas both were kneeling in the flowers, knees damp from a recent rain not yet absorbed into the ground. The flowers were so tall and unimpeded by human touch that their heads were level with them as they sat on their knees. Cas' hands were up his shirt, tracing along his skin with gentle strength, and Dean could feel the sun warming his face as dragonflies flitted around them. He desperately fumbled with Cas' belt buckle, apparently not graceful about it even in his own dreams. When he got the zipper down, he gently pulled Cas out of his pants, tracing along the smooth skin with his rough fingertips as Cas threw his head back, flexing his jaw for self-control. Dean felt a self-assured smile stretch across his face as Cas fell apart at his touch, even in his dreams. He marveled at him while he gently stroked him, his skin tan under the soft sunlight of this place, a sprinkling of stubble decorating his jawline and emphasizing the cleft in his chin. His brain could paint a beautiful picture when he had a good subject.
“Flying is quite pleasant if you give it a chance. Running could be the same,” Cas shrugged again, quietly contemplating as he recovered his breath.
“Me too,” Dean sighed out, letting out a soft whimper as Cas turned his head to kiss him with a tenderness that made him ache. Dean had made a mistake. This wasn’t part of their game. This softness, this tenderness, it was just them. They’d both become ridiculous saps. A few tender touches and Dean Winchester, the deadliest hunter, was putty in Cas’ hands. “Faster,” Dean gasped out as he parted their kiss for a breath. Cas nodded against his cheek and began popping his hips in a faster rhythm, his breaths ragged in Dean's ear. It was going to be agony not letting Cas jack him off as he finished, but Dean did still earn a reward, and they didn’t often get the opportunity to be alone uninterrupted. He was going to take full advantage of both events. He decided he wanted something else…to see
“When I get lice, you will hear no end of it…” Castiel said with aggression as he pressed his mouth to Dean’s.
“Seriously dude. The shit you say gives me a headache and a boner at the same time.” Dean’s stomach growled and he dramatically rolled his eyes. “Food and drink first and then we can plan our evening.”
Dean turned in his seat and looked up at Cas as he laced his fingers with one of Cas' hands. “Don’t be like that. We’ve worked with hunters since then and everything’s been fine…Mom is the one who forwarded it to me...”
Cas jutted his chin up arrogantly, his eyes locking with Dean's. “Well, I’d hate to block the spotlight from the famous Dean “I stopped the Apocalypse alone” Winchester. Why don’t you just go find you one of the female hunters too? You wouldn’t have to worry about perceptions then.” His eyes dropped down, studying Dean's mouth instead of his eyes now, unable to maintain eye contact.
“I like…” Dean started, straining as Cas’ dick rubbed against his prostate now, stroking over it and making him lose his focus. “I, uh…Oh fuck,” Dean groaned in desperation before composing himself. “I like being good for you.” Cas threw his head back, letting out a ragged breath at Dean's confession. Dean wasn’t one for words during sex. Too many feelings slipped out but Cas was one to slip praise in when he thought Dean was most receptive to hearing it…times like now. It was an effective strategy and Dean wanted to try it… “I like that I make you lose…” He whined as Cas lifted his legs so that his feet were flat on the bed and he could fuck up into him with more leverage. “…lose that fucking self-control you have…and I love that you’re so fucking good to me. I like being treated good,” Dean huffed out the last on a strangled breath. He leaned down as far as he could while still riding him. “and you’re
“Dude…You’ve been using Angel Grace to keep me horny all day. I’m pretty familiar with the fact that you
Cas looked to Dean as he spun his beer bottle nervously on the counter again, trying to control his face and hoping he was succeeding. “I came across a few.”
The smile that crossed Cas’  face now was dazzling. They had not been an item long enough for it not to affect Dean that way. “I’ll be fine, but I appreciate your concern. It’s Angel-related, and you know how they are about humans.”
“No buts…well…” Dean bit his lower lip to stifle a childish giggle but Cas’ eyeroll did him in. “I want you to…take me all soft like you do sometimes…and then I want you. Is that…” He trailed off, his insecurities making him feel nervous about his request.
Lizzie smiled back, her nerves dissipating at Sam's reassurance as she rested her hip gingerly on her red sedan. “So, you don’t think I’m just a freak?”
, Dean, yes!” Cas yelled in affirmation as Dean changed the angle only slightly and apparently hit his sweet spot. Only a few thrusts in that direction and Cas spilled himself all over his chest, forming a puddle on his still folded stomach as Dean continued to ram into him. He didn’t have much left in him though as he felt the ache of lactic acid building up in his arms and legs, the burn telling him his body was tired even if he felt like he could do this forever...lose himself this way. However, there was definitely not going to be a forever. He felt the deep twist in his gut, a precursor to his orgasm. He danced right at the edge of it, not quite there, until he looked down and Cas locked eyes with him with his sated, heavy-lidded blue. Dean had done that. He’d put that fucked-out look in his eyes…and that thought raced the orgasm out of him so suddenly that he cried out and gripped Cas’ thighs in a stranglehold. He came hard enough he felt light-headed, white stars obscuring his vision as he panted, gasping for air. He felt Cas shift and he was suddenly out of his warm, welcoming body and on his back on the bed, staring up at the light of his ceiling before Cas’ face blocked it from view.
Dean frowned now, his eyes narrowing in the darkness. “Well quit flashing your aura around and maybe the ladies would leave you alone.”
Castiel nodded and knelt beside the two of them. He looked again to Lizzie for confirmation, who nodded succinctly before casting her eyes back to he sister. He placed a palm on Delaney’s forehead as he closed his eyes and searched for what he needed to find, squinting his eyes as if in pain. It seemed to take him only a moment before he opened his eyes again, the blue glow of Grace shining out before he looked to Lizzie.
Sam studied him a moment, letting a comfortable silence fall as he scraped at the eggs in the pan. Eventually, he cleared his throat. “You don’t have to be like him, you know?”
“Cas?” little Jack asked questioningly, his big blue eyes blinking up at him with equally fresh sadness.
“Wait…” Dean reached his arm out to stop him and felt Cas’ tension rolling through him. “What were you about to say?”
Lizzie shrugged and shook her head at Dean’s request, looking at Cas with considerable interest still. “No thanks. We’re just talking about Auras.”
“If you want, yes. Otherwise, a nap…then I keep you coming until you’ve had enough…or I decide you’ve had enough.” Dean gasped as Cas let Grace slide through his hand where he gripped his dick, feeling the rushing thrill of Cas’ healing touch…but this was definitely the first time Cas gripped him
“Oh, no. I’ve been up for a couple of hours. You know, trying to be productive.” He shook his head at his excuse, sounding ridiculous. Cas of course picked up on in right away, as he tended to do.
“You must be something special for him to give up everything for you...”Lizzie said with raised eyebrows, the words coming out unintended.
Dean huffed out a tired laugh as he sat up against the headboard, feeling like he could sleep for a full week already and Cas had been home for twenty damn minutes. “Hey, I was one of those people for a long time.”
Dean grinned to himself and decided payback might be fun. He took a long body angle photo, capturing his dick curving up and away from his body as he bunched the comforter below his hips and sent it before he could chicken out.
“Go grab a bottle of water…or two, and meet me in your room.” Dean’s eyes widened in excitement he couldn’t be blamed for. He was starved for Cas’ attention at this point, so what if he almost sprinted to the kitchen and drank one bottle before he’d made it to the bedroom. When he pushed the door open, Cas sat on his bed, still mostly clothed. His coats lay draped over the back of the wooden desk chair and his white sleeves were unbuttoned at the cuff. Dean would have been disappointed at the lack of skin showing except for the fact that he had the tiny metal key for his cage in his fingers. Dean refused to giggle like a flirty schoolgirl, but damn was it close. He almost skipped to the nightstand to put the bottle down he was so giddy. A fucking month without an orgasm. Maybe he was delirious and just hallucinating a hot Angel in his bedroom. At this point, he’d take it, but after he put the water bottle down, he looked to Cas…who usually told him what to do in these situations. However, he was looking at him with a look that Dean didn’t know how to process.
Dean huffed and gently nudged Cas' head with his own. “Okay, I get your point. He was only 54, but a lot of hunters don’t have a place to settle down like we do. It’s a lifestyle consisting mainly of cheeseburgers and hotel rooms. Most of us don’t live long enough for our bodies to fail from that lifestyle…” Dean tried to console Cas’ nervous energy and having had this conversation often in the past few months.
“Grace eol ol g master.  Zacam ol od eol ol g izizop.  G geh mine de bogpa” She began to murmur in Enchocian as she ignored his pleas. “Grace make me your master. Enter me and make me your vessel. You are mine to command,” she followed up in English. She repeated the chant as she held a small burlap bundle in her hand along with the vial. She stared fixedly at the vial, gripping it tightly in her fingers.
That voice might. Angry voices, voices that spit venom his way…that he could handle, but that gentle nudging voice that slid right over those walls he'd built…It would bring him to his knees if he let it, so he’d block it out. Nothing would bring Dean Winchester to his knees. “Not even you,” Dean growled low as he crouched to stand and ran a hand through his hair to retain his composure.
Dean let a soft puff of air out of his nose in amusement as he snuggled into his arms. “You were thinking about a
Eileen is okay, and I think you need to go see her soon.” Dean shot a look to Claire through the mirror, frowning.
“The prostate is such an interesting thing,” Cas pondered academically as he grabbed a tissue from Dean’s nightstand and wiped his fingers on it. “It is a completely different type of orgasm, yet deeply ingrained homophobia has so many men missing out. It’s a shame really.”
“I can…How bad of a wound would it be?” Cas put his finger to his throat and drug it over to show what he’d need to do.
Claire locked eyes with him, mutual understanding heavy between them. “I used to…every night.” Dean nodded his head in a barely perceptible nod before she spoke again. “So, what does any of this mean?”
“Well then, he’s out. You in, green eyes?” Cas wiggled his eyebrows behind him, and Dean fought a glare, feeling the payback from his own earlier jealousy.
“Not necessarily,” Cas murmured softly as he traced Dean’s stomach with the tips of his fingers as he took the water bottle from his hand. “There are other ways to orgasm, as you well know. Now, put your arms above your head and hold your wrists.”
“You think you can make it a week then?” Cas asked smoothly, leaned with his hip against the doorframe as Dean looked at him smugly from the comfort of his bed. Cas had caught him groggy. Sneaky bastard.
Dean, Sam, and Cas stood in the kitchen, all three red faced and drinking water. Sam chuckled to himself. Dean stood, leaning his hip against the counter, with his other hand clutching his side. His face was flushed all the way to his neck line and the sweat running down his back had plastered his shirt to him. Cas, meanwhile, seemed a bit more composed but he was nursing the water bottle like it might take Dean's place in his heart and his hair was plastered to his head in a sweaty mess of its own.
damaged…but there were shorter, smaller feathers in the areas he assumed were the damaged spots. New growth? The tips of a few of the larger wings looked like they had been burned and were missing small areas…but when Cas turned and the sun hit them, it reflected off what Dean had falsely assumed was their ink-black pigmentation and a rainbow of light, like a car’s oil slick, shone off them. He found himself immediately on his knees, one hand supporting him while the other reached out absently, eager to touch.
It was Dean’s turn to frown, tugging Cas closer into the shaded overhang of his “nest”. “I do want that, but I want to know why you’ve put it off. That’s what I want right now.”
She murmured as she held up a hex bag she'd swiped off the floor that had been thrown against the wall with her. Castiel swarmed forward, lightning-quick, and ripped the bag from her hand, discarding it across the room before she could finish her words. He pushed her to the ground aggressively, straddling her legs and holding her down with minimal effort.
When they entered, the noise was like a wall. The sheer amount of people, voices, glasses clinking, chairs moving, and the other cacophony of sounds was an assault on the senses. The neon signs cast odd patches of light on different tables as it competed with the dim bulbs above their heads. Dean initially smiled, fond memories of times past, then his head shot to look at Cas. It had been over six months since he’d given up his Grace and for the most part, he was fine with new experiences, but even this one was a bit overwhelming for Dean. He caught the other man’s eyes and though Cas’ eyes were crinkled shut a bit more than normal, he nodded an indication that he was okay, knowing Dean’s line of thinking. Dean fought the urge to reach for his hand, something he did so often without thinking, and he let it drop at his side. This sucked. Their shared moment had distracted them from the fact that the din of noise had significantly died down as they’d stood in the door. He turned and far too many eyes were on them for his liking. Dean felt Cas step closer to him and he knew he wasn’t the only one to notice.
“Did I kill your rhythm? Want me to talk you off?” Dean grinned, distracting himself from his dick, which was screaming for more attention.
Angel for that Grace,” Dean said as his eyes involuntarily went to Cas, who was shaking his head in silent protest.
, and I love you more than you can possibly imagine,” Cas whispered feather-soft against his ear, knowing Dean was awake even as he fought to control his heartbeat. “You are my home.” Dean couldn’t help but sigh happily, contentment washing over him.
Cas had known what he was doing when he made him wear the cage. It wasn’t a punishment. Cas had never been much for punishment unless it was the fun kind. It was…an enhancement. With the constant pressure of the cage around his dick, he couldn’t possibly forget, not even for a moment, about the game. It was as if Cas was sitting there watching him with an anticipatory smirk on his face across the library table. Except the fucker wasn’t going to be home for a couple more weeks. Sweet agony. Dean wasn’t going to die from not coming for a few weeks, but Cas better have considered clearing his schedule when he got back.
combine. They have the unique marker of the one they were created to inhabit, even if Grace itself is all from the same original source of celestial energy.”
“I had a bad dream,” Jack whispered as his little fingers gripped the door face, the t-shirt he was wearing dragging the floor, the Hooters logo staring back at him.
calls you?” Dean lifted an eyebrow in defiance, intentionally bringing up Crowley to push Cas’ buttons. Dean got the reaction he wanted when Cas’ eyes narrowed dangerously. Dean knew he was treading on dangerous territory now but he had to get Cas out of this
Dean’s mind bluescreened for a moment, barely able to register Cas’ question. When he was able to reboot his brain with the little blood left up there, he ran through the list. He’d come way too quick for anal to be worth the trouble and the prep. Same with his prostate. He liked to be wined and dined a little before those and he was already way gone for that amount of patience. The quickest options would be a handjob or a blowjob…and Cas was in the perfect position for either. He licked his lips and cleared his throat, trying to form the words for what he wanted. Cas waited patiently, stroking the inside of his thigh, which was distracting as Hell. He knew how these games went though, and Dean had to ask for what he wanted. He’d earned it.
“Or a good way to get shot again and not have an Angel to help you…” Cas said quietly as he pulled his hands away from his shoulders abruptly and crossed his arms over his chest as he frowned.
“You’ve always had full use of your limbs before. That may not be the case tomorrow...unless you are opposed. You know your safety will
Claire rubbed her face in immediate frustration. “So, the only one who could get Cas out currently has his finger jammed up his nose. That's great...How could you let him do this to himself without saving Cas first?”
“I will. Talking to you and talking to other Angels cements my feelings of where I belong, and it’s not Heaven. I’m not that Angel anymore.” Cas’ eyes were serious as he watched him through the phone and Dean stared into those eyes, such a startling shade of blue.
“Come on, Cas. Answer…” Dean growled out. Or don't...He was good either way. He bounced on the balls of his feet as it rang the first time with no answer. As he was listening to it ring a second time, he heard the bunker door open again. He didn’t want to hang up and worry Cas if he did answer so he held it to his ear as he went to see what Sam had left. “Sammy? Eileen get tired of you before you could even get on the road?” As he stepped into the war room, he looked up at the top of the stairs as a phone rang from above him white the phone continued to ring in his ear. Oh…“Cas.” That one word embodied every bit of frustration and longing he’d been feeling for the time he’d been gone as he looked up and saw Castiel looking down at him, his phone ringing in his pocket. Without looking, Dean hung up his phone and tossed it onto the map table and suddenly Cas was on him. His hips were pressed back into the table as he had an Angel in his arms, like the best fucking magic trick ever. Suddenly every part of him that had been taut with frustration and longing was singing at their closeness as Cas’ lips found his, and if he wasn’t mistaken, Cas felt about as desperate as he did. Cas’ hands were everywhere at once, liking he'd grow a few extra since he'd been gone. One hand slid under his shirt at the front, splayed out possessively over his chest and stomach, while the other snaked under the tail of his shirt and rested at the small of his back. His lips seemed to steal the very breath from his body as he kissed him, his tongue sliding into his mouth with practiced ease…and Dean’s body and mind relented, whispering…Finally. Thank fuck.
“I'm proposing we research, Dean, or are you unfamiliar with the concept? If there's info on the Empty, it'll be in your bunker.”
“It's done,” he said as he slowly stood up and stepped away from them. “She has much darkness inside her. You must know you might not be able to save her from herself if her memories return.”
Jody put her hands on her knees, leaning forward as Claire snorted a laugh in the doorway. “You came here expecting me to take on a
too early in the cabinet the morning of day five, while Sam glared at him over his coffee mug when Cas called. Dean saw the name and made an insane racket dropping the pans and dashing to his room, ignoring Sam’s muttering.
She smiled warmly at their return, her demeanor inviting and friendly. “Hey! So, I decided to take you up on your offer to meet the rest of your group. You guys are just so cool with your whole extended family hunting together.”
“That was a really long ride….and have I told you that I love you lately?” Dean murmured in his ear as he kissed along his jaw.
“I wonder what she would have done if I told her I was strictly into dick these days…” Dean said with a breathy laugh as Cas squeezed his thigh possessively.
Dean stared steadily ahead as he tightened his grip on the wheel, letting a damning silence warn Sam what he was about to say. “I might not have gone into all the details and just said you, me, and Jack were coming to visit.”
Dean blinked back from wherever that angry voice took him to see Jody rolling her eyes at them both. “I’m gonna withhold my comment because you two are both
“Jody, I’m not the one needing a babysitter. Jack is.” Dean laughed, trying for nonchalant but knowing Jody could sense their deceit, even if she was second-guessing herself.
“And she’s going to drag Jack into that ruckus….” Cas growled out as he paced. Dean watched him, admiring how his hair had grown to fall into his eyes just a bit and his arms now strained against the shirt sleeves, proof of the new exercise regimen he’d been implementing and forcing on him...but he couldn’t argue with the results just now.
“Castiel…” Dean groaned out as Cas slid his hands up his slick thighs, and he sunk to his knees as well, as if his strings had been cut. He was powerless against such a plea. He wrapped one hand at the back of Cas’ neck and pulled him to him, crashing their mouths together in a familiar dance. Cas moved his hands to grip his shoulders, letting his fingers dig gently in where he’d left his mark so many years before.
She shrugged and nervously shifted, digging the toe of her shoe in the ground. “Stuff he told me before, I guess. When Jody told me he was dead, I got so
“Yeah, I get it…but warn a guy next time. I woke up humping the fucking mattress," he mumbled tiredly as Cas' warmth lured into a feeling of safety and security he'd greatly missed.
Cas turned and stepped back, closer to the middle of the roof, into the late afternoon sun. “Fine, but I’m going to hold you to that. Today is supposed to be about what you want, and you’ve been fairly adamant about wanting to see…” Dean stepped forward but Cas shook his head. “Sit down.”
“A week? Easy mode,” Dean grumbled with a laugh as he yawned and stretched. “Give me a real challenge.”
“Hopefully so. Goodnight Dean…I love you.” Cas said the last shyly, words they had said but were not confident in yet. This was still unsure territory over the phone.
“She’d never put him in unnecessary danger…Also…ruckus?” Dean felt the niggling need to defend his mother’s actions even if he wasn’t sure he one hundred percent believed it. He smirked at cas' choice of words, hoping it would relax Cas a bit.
Cas’ eyes widened, and he swallowed hard. He gave Dean a warning glance and Dean shook his head. “Yeah, yeah we did know that. Lizzie, I’m just gonna steal Cas away for a minute. Jack needed to ask him something…” Dean said with a jerk of his head toward their table. Cas darted away from the bar faster than Dean thought a human could and he followed, trying to smile and act nonchalant even as his heart all but pounded out of his chest. Instead of going to the table, Cas ducked out the back door and Dean followed, looking behind him as he went. No one seemed to be paying them any attention at the moment, which as a relief from the past few minutes.
. “You’re fine. Everything’s okay. You’re just hearing voices and feeling irrationally angry all the time. Just a normal Tuesday, right? Just get it together.”
Dean and Cas have one last tryst before the end of the day, and Cas gives Dean something he's been asking for.
“Not at all, Sam. We always have room for you guys.” Jody smiled as Sam went out to the car but she turned on Dean and Claire as soon as the front door closed. “What’re you two up to?”
“You always say I’m sweet when I have your cock in my mouth,” Dean crooned as he traced his own lower lip with his thumb.
Sam helped Lizzie off the bed, and they watched Dean take a full assessment of Cas’ health, fussing over him. “So, a last heads up. We live in a secret underground bunker and those two have extremely loud sex at all hours.”
Cas looked to Lizzie with compassion now, the hardness in his eyes slipping to reveal the unusual Angel he truly was. “I know…I saw everything in Delaney’s mind. I’m so sorry Lizzie, for what you two endured. I truly am. If I had heard your prayers when I was an Angel I would have come. I’m sorry that no one did.”
Cas shook his head in absolute certainty. “No. Grace won’t survive in a host, even an Angelic or previously Angelic one, other than its own for long periods of time. It might work full strength for a few weeks at the very most in a vessel intended for Angelic possession…and even then the one using it would suffer horribly as it burned away, leaving them in agony as their body died slowly and painfully.” Cas spoke confidently as he stared her down. Dean and Sam both stared toward Cas, remembering how that info had been left out many years ago when he himself had used borrowed Grace.
Dean swallowed back the grief that came from people saying Cas' name in the past tense, his mouth pulling up in one corner in understanding. “It’s okay. I’ve had a little more time to come to grips with it than you guys have, everyone in the world but me, Sam, and Jack being dead and all. To be fair, though, you’re right. He did have a way of reeling me in." Looking to lighten the mood, he leaned forward with a soft, forced smile. "Wanna know a secret, though? When he and Sam were alone together. Batshit crazy. Can’t explain it. They were like Dumb and Dumber. I swear.” Jody smiled as Dean forced a laugh, hiding the sadness that ripped through him.
“Holy shit…I’ve heard of you,” Delaney said as she caressed a hand across his face. “Wouldn’t you like to stay with me? Be mine to command.” Dean charged forward but she threw a hand up, freezing him in place. He jerked his legs, but they acted as if they were glued to the floor.
“You’re still my Angel,” Dean added sappily as he pulled the comforter up to his armpits, the sappiness of their conversation helping to distract his dick into taking a rest.
Dean couldn't help but glance down at himself at Cas' words. Just his damn voice was sending signals to his dick and he did NOT plan to lose this contest. “What? No. No strain. I’m great. How are you?”
“Am I up for it?” Dean coughed out a disbelieving laugh as he rutted himself against him. “Hell, Cas, I’d have asked to start with that but knew I was gonna blow my load too quick for the trouble.”
“Sorry…what’s your name?” Dean attempted to gently brush her hand away, but she instead doubled down and ran the other hand on Cas’ leg while clamping her hand a bit tighter on his thigh.
“Get rid of them and we can be together, forever,” Delaney crooned out and Castiel leaned back on his heels, moving away from her unconsciously. “Kill those men and I will make you mine.” Castiel visibly shook his head then, his eyes flashing blue as his own power fought with hers inside of him. He groaned and held his head before slowly shaking his head again. “No…No. I won’t hurt them. I would
Dean’s face turned cold. “You wanna see a monster, kid? Start with the Cabbage Patch in Sam’s lap. He murdered our mother. That mean anything to
Mary’s forehead scrunched and her eyes narrowed unhappily. “Another story I haven’t been told, but now’s not the time, I guess. I’ve been gauging the feel of the community. No one knows or suspects my involvement in…those things. Everything is fine. Come on. Let’s get you guys checked in and then we can go to Nelson’s.”
“He said soon, whatever that means to an Angel. Doesn’t matter. Go see Eileen. Don’t want her dumping your ass and you walking around here sulking.”
“To be clear,” Cas began as he tilted Dean’s chin up to look at him. “You want me to make love to you without you reaching orgasm so you can do the same to me. Is that what you are asking?”
As they continued talking softly to one another, none of them felt the eyes on them from outside, concealed in the darkened parking lot. Whispered, ancient magic revealed to those same eyes that all three of the men at the table glowed with an inner light…traces of retained Grace. Very interesting…and very useful to their purposes indeed. Perhaps their time had not been completely wasted coming here after all.
Dean sagged tiredly against the opposite wall. “Sam, it’s been the longest goddamn day of my life. We defeated God. That kid in there has more power in his pinky finger than all of Heaven combined and has no damn clue since he just Benjamin Buttoned himself after absorbing his auntie Amara. I don’t have the answers tonight, okay?”
When he was satisfied Cas had been teased enough, Dean pulled his fingers out and lubed himself up. He gripped Cas’ legs and pushed them toward his chest as his ankles rested on Dean's shoulders. He used one hand to line himself up and the other to stroke gently along the naked flesh of his thigh. As soon as he sank in, he squeezed his eyes shut and let out an overwhelmed breath. He’d been fucked six ways to Sunday already today but his brain felt like it was shooting off fireworks inside his skull, even with Cas’ little pick-me-up. The feeling of Cas’ warmth, his tightness…Dean didn’t think this was going to be as gentle as earlier, and he knew with Cas that was okay. He snapped his hips forward and ripped a surprised groan out of the Angel waiting patiently underneath him.
Dean yawned widely, throwing his fist up to cover his mouth. “Dude, I’ve come four times in less than an hour. I’m just tired. Let me rest and I’ll be ready and willing for round two.”
“I get it, I do. With Michael in my head…You know how that was for me…Yeah, I get it,” Dean stroked his fingers through Cas’ hair and made soothing, nonsensical noises in his ear.
“Are you really okay with Lizzie hunting with us?” Castiel asked curiously as they entered their hotel room. It was a basic affair and both of them were far too tired to be picky. It had been a very long evening and the sun was quickly coming up, soft daybreak already peeking through the crack in the curtains. Sam's room was next door and they had seen him safely to it before heading in their own.
“Not in this room, that’s for damn sure…” Castiel said with a shake of his head as Dean pretended to pout but he couldn’t hold the facial expression for long, so he kissed Cas’ cheek instead.
“Mmm, you’d think,” Cas growled out a low chuckle. “I expect a storm is coming. It usually does with Naomi.”
“I can do it. I’ll be good…for you.” Dean swallowed thickly as Cas stroked along his jawline like he really was tempted to stay, and the heated look he gave him as he gently pulled away was proof too.
,” Cas whispered conspiringly as if Dean didn’t know he’d been chubbing up with every whisper in his ear.
“You’ll do what? Talk me to death? You're doing a fairly good job of that so far if so.” Cas instinctually strained away from her as she stood beside him. “Now from what I’ve read, it says that the person has to be very still. That part’s up to you, I suppose. I’m getting what I want whether you cooperate or not.” She gripped Cas’ head and pushed it sideways roughly, so his neck was more exposed as she lined up the needle. He didn’t fight, but his breath came out ragged as his nostrils flared. Dean could see every part of him urging himself to fight, his hands bunched in fists behind his back. He could see the strain in his face to remain still when everything in him was telling him to flee.
,” Dean's brow furrowed as he blinked back the tears he’d been holding in, needing someone else to understand how alone he felt. Sam was good-intentioned, but he could not fully understand. How he blamed himself. How much he missed him...
Cas looked up at him, caressing his inner thighs with both hands, watching Dean shudder with the movement. “Never expected you to for the first one, but for this first one, you choose. How do you want it?”
Letting a tired, half-smile cross his face, Dean nodded. “That’s what I do. You’re safe.” The voice in his head stopped him from showing any other affection, bitterness still heavy on his tongue. Instead, he thumbed a rogue strand of hair off his forehead and patted his little shoulder. “Night night, Jack.”
Dean and Cas turned to look at her in disbelief at her boldness, leaving Sam to crease his forehead and pull his mouth into a tight line. “Lizzie, that’ a little more than we’d prefer to share with someone we don’t know that well. It's kind of...personal. And considering what all happened today...”
Dean did finish the reorganizing in the kitchen and to be honest, the comforting pressure of the cage and the knowledge that he couldn’t comfortably get hard right now helped him focus and stop vibrating around the bunker. Sam noted the difference and teased him, assuming it was because he had gotten to talk to Cas. Well, he was half right.
“He was a grown dude yesterday. What the hell’s a no-no word to him?” Dean rolled his eyes and crossed his arms over his chest.
“Probably their hotel room,” Jack said without thinking before Sam shot him a look and he added, “Their separate hotel rooms. To sleep. Alone. Which they do.”
“That’s blasphemy and the answer is still no,” Castiel said  sternly but his voice was breathy and had dropped in tone. Dean dropped to his knees as Cas sat reluctantly on the bed for lack of anywhere else to move to, shucking the duffel off on the mattress. Dean ran his hands along Cas’ denim clad thighs and kissed his stomach through the thin material of his t-shirt. “Oh, Goddamn you, Dean Winchester,” Castiel growled out as Dean ran a hand over his groin and he bucked into his hand.
“Dean, please…” Cas said desperately as he kissed down his chest and hit his knees, the shower stream pouring down his back as he pressed his face to his stomach and wrapped his arms around his waist. “Give me this, please. I need to feel anything other than what I am now. I can still feel her influence in my mind like I am not myself. Let me feel something I know is mine. Let me feel you.”
“Dean’s aura is fairly unique to hunters in my experience. Yours all are to be honest. That’s why I wanted to talk to all of you. Auras of course change over time, and aren’t just one thing but Dean has gold, which indicates divine protection and when one has gold they are being guided to their highest good. You’re very protected by divine energy.” Cas’ eyes sparked with an energy of his own as she spoke, but she missed the self-satisfied smile he wore.  “You have pastels mixed in as well, which typically indicates sensitivity and a need for peace. Not something I see much in hunters.” She looked at him curiously, biting back questions of her own about her reading.
“Why…” Dean wheezed out, “would anyone choose to do that…..for fun?” He looked incredulously at Sam as he grinned at him.
“Yes…” Delaney whispered as she put her hands palm up to receive it, her eyes eager and welcoming as it swirled around her.
“Even though there are many nice, soft, sweet smelling ladies inside that would love for you to woo them?” Cas said as his eyes were full of insecurity. Dean almost gasped at the sight, wishing he could see himself as Dean did.
Dean stuck out his bottom lip in a pout he would have denied in person. Cas wasn't wrong. He was being a bit of an asshole...and his long string of past sexual partners was one of Cas' insecurities. Not in a slut shamey way either. Cas didn't judge him for his choices. Actually, it had been the opposite. In the beginning, he had been unconvinced he could satisfy Dean because he lacked sexual experience of his own. Dean felt his face flush in shame at throwing Cas' insecurity at him because he'd woken up in a bad mood. He sat there looking at his phone, trying to decide how to apologize properly. Cas had made it clear he didn't want to be gone from him any more than Dean wanted him gone. There was a fine line between being bratty and being mean, and he was stepping all over that line.
Dean had a ham and cheese sandwich and an open bag of chips sitting beside him at the table as he tapped a text to Sam with Cas sitting casually next to him.
Lizzie’s face flushed softly in embarrassment and she visibly cringed at her own awkwardness. “Oh. Sorry! I’m not very good with the whole social cues thing. I’ll just talk, talk, talk you know? I mean, that’s why my sister is the only one who will hunt with me and even then, she gets annoyed with me and leaves sometimes. Siblings, right?” She seemed to not breath as she spoke, her thoughts a run on sentence.
Lizzie seemed to deflate a little at that. “Oh, well, purples are all mysterious. Different shades mean different things of course. It’s not cut and dry but you…I see a lot of spirituality…You don’t see that a lot in hunters. Unending devotion to your cause. It really speaks a lot about your soul. It’s evolving, growing, enlightened. Your even more open to sending and receiving spiritual messages. Your empathetic and kind. Caring and nurturing, and probably a very giving and sensitive lover.” She said all of this deadpan, eager but analytical but Cas’ face turned flushed as Dean picked that moment to come up and slap a hand hard on his shoulder, his fingers digging just a little too hard into his shoulder before his hand slid minutely down his bicep, his touch softening.
Dean yawned and kissed Cas’ neck clumsily. “Okay Casanova, but lemme get a little nap in first. Not all of us have a supernatural rebound and I haven’t been sleeping good. Had the weirdest dreams…” he added offhandedly, not expecting to feel Cas tense underneath him.
“Just remember, whoever gets back first gets the shower first…” Cas whispered in his ear as he disentangled himself and quirked an eyebrow, his eyes flashing with mischief. As he headed for the door, tennis shoes in hand, he was rewarded with the sight of Dean digging out his running shorts.
Dean stood as well and walked forward, circling behind him to rest his hands on his shoulders. “You’re right. I’m sorry…but seriously. You’re worrying over
Dean and Cas smiled together now. “Only if we change to a better hotel room,” Cas added abruptly, making Sam laugh with feeling and Dean playfully roll his eyes at him again.
Mary’s eyes widened only a moment, realizing what she had said but covering quickly, tucking a strand of her blonde hair behind her ears. “Oh, yeah, but he’s super protective, Kind of like a father to him. Right, Jack?”
“Okay. I’ll be right here when you get out,” Dean said with assuredness as Cas walked purposefully into the bathroom. He busied himself with changing into a t-shirt and pajama pants and padded into the outer area of the bathroom where the sink was to brush his teeth.  He glanced into the bathroom because Cas had left the door open and he frowned as he saw him standing under the water, letting the hot water pour down his back. He had both palms on the shower wall supporting himself and his head hung down. His body language radiated defeat...sadness...and Dean shook his head as he ground his teeth together. “Fucking witches,” he growled out to himself before he quickly shucked off his clothes, leaving them in a disheveled heap on the floor. Cas looked up, startled out of his thoughts as Dean abruptly stepped into the tub.
you and Sam for that matter. You’re trying to do to Jack what you all did to me. Dump him off on someone else so he’s not your
Dean shook his head adamantly to Sam's suggestion. “Those two were a couple of freaky species-crossing hippies, Sam. No.”
“No repeats of earlier, especially not in the back of a bar full of hunters when I’m just your buddy…Think of the scandal,” Cas said with an attempt at humor. He said the next words with scandal in his tone, but his lip curved ever so slightly in humor. “Ladies Man Dean Winchester caught dry humping his hunting buddy behind Nelson’s Bar…”
?” Dean’s face was bright red. He’d never thought he’d be a blusher but the shit that came out of Cas’ mouth…
,” Dean snapped, but Claire put a calm hand on his shoulder very briefly, and he reeled in his mood.
Lizzie shrugged and looked up at Sam, unruffled. “I get up before the sun anyway, and that’s what they make earplugs for.”
“Yeah, you’re probably right,” Dean added thoughtfully as he stood and went to pour a cup of coffee. “Anyway, Mom’s deal and Cas’ deal weren’t the same.”
l?!....” She stood still a moment, changing her plans before their eyes. “Well…I can work with this too…
“Don’t go, okay?” Dean grumbled sleepily as he turned on his side and laid his head on Cas’ shoulder.
“I wish I could argue…” Cas hissed out as Dean drug his tongue down his stomach and drug his thumbs along Cas’ mouthwatering hipbones. “But we don’t have a lot of time before we have to go…”
“I miss him too, kid, but we’re okay. He’d want us to be okay…” Dean murmured. However, somewhere deep inside of him, the voice of his anger hissed through.
." He lowered his voice and whispered harshly. "We both know what happens if you die an Angel and we’re
“A Sam-witch, huh?” Dean said with a skeptical eyebrow as he propped his head in his hands, ignoring Sam's bitchface at his bad joke. “What about the little lines? Don’t they mean something?”
“Yeah, I figured you would,” Sam said in defeat as he pushed his own hair back with his hand nervously.
“Good boy,” Cas purred again, and Dean was an absolute puddle as he sank against the bed, clenching his fist in the comforter so he didn’t “adjust” himself again. “I’ll talk to you soon. Be safe.”
Dean shook his head as he went to stand. “The only thing those dicks did right is cover their tracks. No one suspects it was mom, and she goes to these things as a way to pay her respects to the ones she hurt when she wasn’t in control of herself. She's never had any problems.”
“Dude, I don’t even know anymore if they were good guys. Chuck said he knew our plans, so I don’t know who to trust... Jody, I trust. We don't need to just dump him off on strangers.”
“What happens if you die an Angel? ” Lizzie blurted out as Castiel stepped to check on Dean, putting a gentle hand on his forehead to remove his nausea as he slid his other hand down his forearm in a  lovingly soft gesture.
Dean’s heart sped in his chest and he tried not to panic at those words, words that had always sent him running for the hills with anyone else. “Love you too, Cas. Stay safe.” He hung up after that and flopped down hard on the bed with the phone clutched to his chest. This was all so new, so scary, so exciting…He’d never felt like this. This sense of rightness, of safety, of security in where they stood. There was no guessing with Cas…and the things that Angel was helping him discover about himself…If anyone had told him as a cocky twenty-something that he’d be exploring his sexuality and a broad spectrum of new kinks in his forties…and all of them with an Angel…Well, they’d have left with a split lip or a black eye. But here he was, his heart fluttering in his chest over those three words from an Angel…Life was weird…but kind of fucking amazing right now. He set his phone down on the nightstand and went to sleep with little trouble, his heart light.
Dean smoking out of his meat-suit was based off of a comic by Consulting-Cannibal on Tumblr. Scout is amazing and I love her.
He walked over to the closet, opening it up and walking inside- and looking at the shelves. Being unusually tall had its perks- such as not needing to stand on his toes to find the shotgun hidden behind a shoebox.
“Why? So you can kill me?” She scoffed. “I even have your angel pets under control, sweetie, see that net? Fancy, isn't it? It's warded against angels as well. Made it myself!”
all his brother wanted was to be safe, was to live without fear, and with the ones he loved. He's wanted that since he made that demon deal when he was 27.
“Sammy, tell me again why we’re sneaking out to meet up with Crowley?” Dean groaned rubbing his temples in attempts to rid of a hangover. Sammy was forced to drive because of this.
He blinked, and his black eyes returned to green. Soon, the power was replaced with exhaustion, and Dean slowly ran his fingers through his hair and looked back to his family.
Life with Soulless Sam is tough. He's unpredictable, violent, and careless. Try to talk about feelings with him, he's indifferent. Try to explain how insults can hurt people, he doesn't understand. Try to tell him 'no, we can't kill that person just because the monster is using them as a shield, that's not okay', he is confused. Don't get him wrong, he DOES try his best! He just can't understand empathy like normal humans. He can't understand why having blood on your hands is a bad thing.
“He flirts with everyone when he's like this!” He squeaked. Sam rolled his eyes and started to walk out the room.
“He’s got a bit of a temper that I’ve been trying to control for him.” He stated casually, finally letting Dean out of his archangel grasp. Dean skidded away to the edge of the room, panting and staring at Sam, his eyes still pitch black. “You see, though he may be a demon, I’ve learned how to stabilize his violence. That’s the second time I’ve needed to save your skin.”
He wanted to watch old, shitty horror movies with him again. He wanted to watch cowboy movies with him again. He wanted to talk in depth about cars for hours on end only to later listen to Cas explain the cycle of bees- something he could absolutely care
“Honestly! You'd think most witches would be strong enough to cast a stick spell onto their bags!” The witch laughed. “It may just be me being a clever Ravenclaw and all.”
“Got it.” Dean replied, walking out before anyone could say anything else. Sam felt a bit suspicious over this ‘favor’ Crowley was doing...but he said nothing.
Mary stared up at Sam with her eyes narrowed and her arms crossed, pursing her lips in frustration after her son had left a victim in tears. Sam still looked slightly amused, even as his head was bowed down in fake shame. Mary let out a long sigh and uncrossed her arms, resting her hands onto her hips.
A lot of the time, he would goof off, crack random, witty shit or talk about stupid things he’s done on a hunt. Other times, he’d get annoyed by things- which was funny, too. He knew every lyric to every Led Zeppelin song, he knew the ins and outs of his car and everyone else's, and he could name any cowboy or horror movie based on screenshots.
“Bad. Don’t attack your family, Dean.” He growled. Dean hissed in pain and eventually calmed himself, ceasing his fidgeting and thrashing in Gabriel's arms, and now panting as he stared at Sam. Gabe laughed nervously.
Jack slouched down onto the floor, pouting, and Ben let out a bit of a laugh, Claire sliding over to the middle and Ben taking her seat.
Mary is tired. Gabriel remembers. Cas plays Monopoly. Sam worries about Dean. Dean gets sentimental.
Sam and Mary had been gone for about an hour, and Castiel was sitting in the bunkers library with Dean- who was watching porn at a very loud volume. He slowly looked at Cas with pitch black eyes, and smirked as he dramatically turned the computer's audio louder. Cas groaned and rolled his eyes.
Dean followed Ben through the halls, pretending like he didn't know each room. He gave a small smile watching the kid open his room- the door still had a
that night- not to mention, Dean had the keys on him, and he knew he did, too. It was like he was aware while sleepwalking.
This fic is old. I wrote it when I was 15- I'm 19 now. I promise my writing is better- and you can tell with the second half of this epilogue that I just wrote at 4 AM, the night after Carry On ended.
Next thing Dean knew, he was on the table batting at the pencil, grabbing it loosely and then falling off the surface and onto the floor. Gabriel started laughing again, and Sam stared at him in shock. Dean looked at the pencil in his hand.
“Trying to figure out what you put in that beautiful hair of yours~” Gabriel purred, smiling. “I mean, I know it's natural, but I wanna know the genetics!”
Cas: https://randomgooberness.tumblr.com/post/637237540641013760/the-third-member-of-team-free-will-gay-angel
The next thing he knew, he was on top of Sam, whose expression was full of shock and confusion. Gabriel could thank Chuck that the human couldn't see how harshly his wings were sticking up now.
Eventually, his body seemed to untense- his glazed-over eyes flickering back into focus as if he woke up. He lowered his hands, looking around.
His eyes went black, and he stood up, now with his chest exposed with bandages for his wound covering it up. He focused his anger on the girl out of nature and instinct, and was embraced with surprise when she was flung to the front of the shed, against the wall. She screamed, struggling to escape.
his genetics, then he’s the height he should be. Dean was smaller than he was supposed to be because he barely ate anything as a kid, as much as he and Sammy both pretended that wasn't the case.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ben was rounder in the face than Dean, though, and only had freckles on his nose. His hair was around the same shape, maybe longer, but it was black, like his moms. He was also taller than Dean- almost as tall as Sam, around 6’ 4”. If Sam hadn’t sprouted an extra two inches in college, he and Ben would be the same height. Ben also seemed to have a little bit of bow legs- not nearly as bad as Dean’s, though.
“Dean refuses to turn the volume down on the pornography he's watching.” Cas huffed, sounding very stressed out. “Anyways, this is a very perplexing case and I’m not sure what could’ve caused it. I’ll do some research about the lore, but I don’t know, this strangely feels familiar- DEAN PLEASE STOP LICKING A DONUT SUGGESTIVELY AROUND ME IT’S MAKING ME VERY UNCOMFORTABLE.”
His heartstrings pulled- his once domestic, peaceful life was so far in the rearview mirror that no one but him ever thought about it anymore…
Before Dean could say anything else, Cas swiftly grabbed the squirt bottle from the table he was sitting at, squirting Dean in the face. Dean hissed and flinched away, subtle steam rolling off of the surface of his skin. Sam was a pain in the ass now a days, but his brilliant idea of holy water in a squirt bottle was very useful.
If you can't tell...I'm mad over how it ended, but honestly, who cares. We all know in our hearts what we deserve, and what we deserve is Dean living a happy life with his family.
“Stupid? Me? Never!” Dean laughed, walking into the room. Cas and Mary spun around to stare at him, both of their eyes widening in shock.
The whole time he felt like he was looking through foggy glass, any distant relative or family friend who came up to him and gave his condolences were blurry. Everything they said was muffled, but he nodded along anyway.
“DONT FUCK WITH THE WINCHESTERS!” Dean cried in victory, laughing. Sam looked over at his brother, and saw that the man was soaked in blood. Normally, this would be terrifying to Sam, but now he could care less.
Dean has to make tough moral decisions to save the day. Cas gets embarrassed. Sam's fussy. Gabriel's gay. They adopt a cat.
“I still like it better when you chose your words carefully. Y'know, actually try to sound like Sammy. Not some nut-job of my brothers empty corpse.” Dean chuckled.
Dean grabbed his pistol out of his pockets, cocking it and aiming it at the girl. She seemed to already be able to tell what type of bullets were loaded into it.
Cas didn’t respond, as usual, and Dean let out a rough, garbled laugh as he stopped leaning against the wall.
He bolted upwards almost immediately, seeing Cas and trying to run after him, but Cas seemed to be just out of his reach.
Dean groaned a bit, wanting to up and pass out on the snow right there. Everything was still spinning, and everything
“Trying to figure out what you put in that beautiful hair of yours~” Gabriel purred, smiling. “I mean, I know it's natural, but I wanna know the genetics!”
Ben looked around, sighing a bit and shaking his head, before walking over to the staircase. Dean had to bite back a laugh when he noticed he still did the stomp thing he always did when he got to the top of them. Clearing his throat, he followed up, too. He could hear the rest of the gang clamoring about.
"No, I can't trust you on a hunt." Mary interrupted before Sam could walk any farther to his room. He turned to her, wildly confused.
“Am I the ONLY one in this base who needs sleep?” Mary groaned, rubbing her temples. She sighed at looked at the three boys. “Okay, this conversation doesn’t matter. Change of plans, Cas you stay here and watch Dean. Sam, get dressed and come with me, and do everything I tell you to.”
Dean had to cover his ears. He knew he was dreaming, but he still was astonished as to how everyone else could sleep through this.
He was in front of the road, a semi honking LOUDLY as it sped by him. All he could do was huff, staring at the stars above and realizing Cas was nowhere to be seen.
He walked into a room that had a few crosses on the walls, along with shelves of angel statues and frames with bible quotes in them. Perplexed, Sam walked towards a shelf with an empty spot on it.
“But-” Cas started, but shut up as soon as Mary gave him a warning glance. He looked to the ground, but quickly drew in a sharp breath as he felt Dean's arms latched around him.
“Cas, we have the funniest case on our hands-” Sam begun, but Mary groaned and leaned into the phone to be louder than her soulless son.
He pulled up to the warehouse, and recognized Crowley standing outside. The brothers exited the car, casually walking up to the king of Hell.
“I’m not.” He wheezed out, dragging his ankle behind him. No matter how much it hurt, how on fire it was, he focused on Cas- only Cas. “I’ll fucking bite my own goddamn FOOT off if it means catching up to you, you ASSHOLE.”
Sam is back, but feels guilt ridden to all hell. Cas remembers he likes Dean. Dean is unstable and angry. Gabriel is a dick. Mary sleeps because Jesus Christ its 3 AM y'all shut the fuck up.
The pain never stopped feeling as shitty as it did. He almost found it ironic, the whole glass ankle thing...Like he himself was made of glass.
“I said let them go.” Dean stared firmly, narrowing his eyes. The witch took a step back, but grinned.
Unlike Supernatural, it's not homophobic with it's queer representation. If you want the gays, it's here.
When he saw him, it only made him angrier. His hand had started to leak blood, too, and he felt glass pricking through the bandages.
“...I mean, is it really an interest if you...don’t do that?” Dean shrugged, leaning against the bed stand. “...what's RSD?”
Ben goes to his mother's funeral and makes the choice he's been leading up to for years. Dean has a lot of things on his mind.
Correction: Sam was digging with a rusty shovel he found in the shed while Gabriel watched casually while munching on a chocolate bar.
“Since when the fuck do demons sleep, Sammy?” Dean laughed, shaking his head. “I was listening to music and resting my eyes.”
“I could really use some help, yknow!” Sam panted, taking a quick second to breath and lean against the shovel. Gabriel nodded.
“So...what? We just abandon him on the road again?” He asked, tilting his head. Dean scowled and shrugged, batting at a coffee cup on the table he was sitting on until it fell off and shattered.
There was a bright light, and the two looked over the hole to see the headlights of the impala. The loud reviving quieted and the lights shut off, and Cas and Dean exited the car.
Like Supernatural, it has hilarity, angst, trauma, found family, and stuff like zombies, monsters, and demons.
Half of him yelled that Sam was nothing but a pathetic troublemaker, anyways. He deserved to be used as a sacrifice or shield, it didn't matter as long as a bullet flew through that witches head.
Just...explaining stupid things to him, fun facts or background lore he’s been scrounging up since he was a kid, going on tangents and analyzing all the characters.
It was just...gone, replaced with heavy bags under his eyes that could make a raccoon jealous. He lied about how he didn’t remember Hell, and Sam almost kicked himself in the head for believing it- cause he was too damn busy with all that Psychic Crap to even notice how his brother wouldn’t sleep until Sam did- and when Sam pretended to, he’d witness Dean flinching or waking up multiple times to get a swig of the strongest drink he could get. Once he DID know, it all just spiraled worse and worse, and Sam probably didn’t help by going behind his back repeatedly or calling him weak. God, he still regretted that.
I've been working on this a LOT recently. I'm currently writing chapter 16, so as you can tell, I'm a bit far ahead(especially because instead of being 1000-2000 words each chapter now they're ranging from 3000-4000).
“Right, right. Cas, zap me back to the motel, and we’ll drive Baby and the supplies back here.” He huffed. He felt a small creature climb onto his shoulders, and heard Pudding.
Thank you all for reading. I'm not exactly...100% happy with this fic as it's old as hell, but it's cute. I'm doing this for 15 year old, recently abused me who was trying to cope.
“Yeah.” He replied coldly. He didn’t listen to Mary shriek, and only listened as he sent a bullet between the girl's eyes.
The gang try to make a cure for Dean. A very British face shows up and Dean does stuff that you can only do in a rated R movie.
Dean stood there for a moment, stunned in silence. Everything Ben was saying just...resonated with him.
“You're possessing a human, therefore you have the ability.” Sam replied bitterly, narrowing his eyes. “I gave you a shovel, so get to it!”
He heard the back door of the car pop open and saw Ben walking out. He walked out as well, but he wanted nothing more than to run over and ruffle the kid's hair- grab the baseball from the shed and chuck it back and forth.
Dean turned around to face the witch, but panicked as a hex bag was thrown directly at him, paralyzing him and causing his vessel to go stiff as a board. The bag stuck to his chest like a sticky throw ball.
“Sharing is caring, Braeden.” Claire smirked, grabbing a fistful as well and absolutely going to town. Ben glared, and grabbed his burger, unwrapping it and stuffing as much as he could into his mouth.
Cas seemed to go anywhere he wanted during these like he just wanted to avoid Dean or something. There was no pattern. This time he was heading out into the street.
The world was still spinning, and he felt his legs give way, but he was dragged back, and laid down on the snow.
He broke into a quick-walk, long legs easily jumping over gaps in the steps as he skidded to a halt in front of the entrance of the kitchen- only to see Claire, Kaia, and Jack goofing off and holding...was that charcoal?
“Your insults don't mean anything to me, considering I’m about to kill you.” Sam shrugged. “I’ve always wondered where demons go when they die. Mind telling me if you ever come back? It’ll be good to know before I kill you a second time.”
Sam: https://randomgooberness.tumblr.com/post/637189012252164096/welcome-back-to-goob-redesigns-guttural-scream
He realized he had been wandering off in his mind, Dean talking about ingredients to one of his Meat Man burgers, and he cleared his throat.
Sammy was staring at him, wiping the blood dribbling from his mouth away and panting. Cas was wincing and healing his vessel where he had been burned, frowning at his ruined jeans. Gabriel wasn't even pretending that he was helping during the fight, he just leaned against a tree and stared at Dean.
When he stared through them, however, he saw light. He saw what his brother's eyes still barely held onto with cold, bruised little fingers like his life depended on it- no matter how many losses, how many beatings, how many bumps in the road.
“It looks like it crawled out of Purgatory's asshole!” Dean hissed. Sam scoffed a little bit in amusement, and Pudding narrowed his eyes.
The witch took out a blade, and gripped it, hurtling towards Dean. Just before she reached him, a blur of blue-grey flashed by and hit her in the head, causing her to gasp in surprise. Pudding was hissing and spitting in anger, scratching at her eyes and face, distracting her as she attempted to pry him off of her head.
Sam does his job. Gabriel is rather quiet. Cas explores the wonders of cats. Crowley's a dick. Dean is conflicted.
The only pricks of emotion he felt were when he had a sudden flash of her neck snapping go through his mind and the thought that he’d never hear her laugh again.
“Because it sounded important. If it isn't, we can easily kill Crowley as we are.” Sam shrugged, not looking at Dean as he did. Something curious burned in the back of his mind. “Hey, how come you haven’t tried booking it yet? Last time you were like this, you just straight up left.” Dean hesitated, but glanced over at Sam.
“Oh please, I healed you, ya tall drama queen.” Gabriel snorted, smirking. “And I'm an angel, I don't dig.”
Dean stared for a while, until suddenly, his hands flew up to the sides of his head like he was hearing something he didn't want to- and he was
"I don't think I was in my right mind, of course. Kissing a vamp?" Dean scoffed, shaking his head.  "That's the easiest way to get turned...but hell, I'm a sucker for pretty blue eyes...especially ones that understand me, but don't give me worthless pity." He sighed a bit, and then coughed nervously. "But, y'know... I'm not gay or anything."
On the midst of their road trip to investigate the demonic, Dean gets weird dreams. Even weirder, they kinda seem to effect real life.
“I’ve just gotten off the phone from Crowley.” He announced. “Theres been another….testical...attack.” From the other room, Dean was heard laughing his ass off. Sam burst out cackling at Castiel’s statement as well.
“I was simply curious. I had little to no exposure to human interaction.” Cas growled. Dean slowly rose up from his chair and strut over to Cas, slowly walking behind him and then leaning into his ear.
“Okay, awesome. So we wait until schools out, then we go track the witch.” Dean said to Sam, who nodded.
“Don’t remember starting, which is the funny thing. I just saw daddy drinking, and joined him, that's all.” Dean laughed, taking a sip of his beer.
Gabriel adventures with Sam through his mind. Dean pretends hes fine despite being stabbed in the chest by a weapon purposely made to kill him.
He tried not to laugh a bit at the contact name he gave her. Kaia had called her it once and he couldn’t stop thinking about how weirdly fitting it was.
HELLO EVERYONE, I'M NOT DEAD! I've actually been working my ass off on this fic, and I'm stocked back up on chapters! I need to stock up a little more, but basically, I'll just update when I can! I have animatics and a webcomic I work on as well, so I'm very busy, but I still very much love this story!
“Fuck the GPS.” Dean focused on the road. “I don't give a damn. I know what I'm doing, and I want to get back home ASAP. Robots can kiss my ass like I'm Will Smith.”
Sam shot the gun, sending a bullet through the werewolves head. The injured girl fell to the ground, sobbing and panting as her neck bled. Sam walked up to her.
Did I self insert myself just so Dean Winchester could shoot me in the head, killing me instantly? Yes, yes I did.
Sam gazed at the two. Dean didn’t tell him much about his relationship with the Braeden's other than he loved them, but he knew that they were never sure if Dean was truly Ben’s biological father. Looking at them next to each other as adults, though, Sam felt like he was gazing directly at his brother when he was 22.
Hey!! The next few chapters are gonna be like how normal seasons go. Each are still plot relevant, but some are more just the boys hunting more than doing things that harshly drive the story. Slow build.
“A shelters outta the question.” He shrugged. Sam raised his eyebrows in surprise, but then cleared his throat awkwardly.
They were now in the hotel room, just how they had left it. He grabbed the car keys out of his pocket and headed out the door, allowing Pudding to scramble back onto his shoulder. Cas followed behind them quietly.
“Wow, you two look like you just had sex in there.” Dean scoffed, noticing how filthy the human and angel looked. Meanwhile, Cas was staring at Gabriel with a tilted head and raised eyebrows, whilst Gabriel returned the favor with a death glare.
“So, you still know me well, even when I’m soulless.” He purred. Footsteps were heard, getting near him.
“Four men were found with their testicles bitten off, two of them died in the process. We talked to the other two, and they both described seeing a humanoid figure before being knocked out. When they woke up, they were in a house and injured. Any thoughts on what it could be?”
After about eight hours of driving, it was decided by the court of the car to stop at a restaurant and then allow the nocturnal demon with the ability to not need sleep to drive for the rest of the night.
“Yeah, me and Cas can stay here and study teenager style~” He purred into Castiel’s ear, who drew in a long and nervous breath.
Right, the fact that he was still a demon. Was he, though? He had both types of blood pumping through his veins, sure, but which one was he? Dean didn't like the fact that he was practically a mutt between the two, it was a constant fight in morals. Part of him still even felt like he had the mark. He wasn't necessarily addicted to killing, but he still felt that strong desire. He still felt the losing battle he faced. He still felt the urge to prove himself to others that he can be strong and powerful, violent. He still felt the powerful need to slaughter brutally, kill, stab until their chest is mush, bite their throats out and taste blood as a reward, fight until he was up to his knees in crimson, slaughter until he-
The next morning, the boys quickly packed up and began to drive away from the motel immediately, due to the fact that Gabe bought a laser pointer and it ended up causing Dean to run straight into a wall and dent it severely. As they set out on the road, the side effects for the potion had begun to wear off, which Dean was surprisingly a tad bummed about. He could do without the catnip effects and the desire to chase everything that moves, but he enjoyed seeing angel wings and talking to his new cat- which is something he never thought he'd enjoy.
“Sure, why the hell not?” He said more firmly, smiling a bit. “What’dyou think about living with some hunters, buddy?”
“Kinky werewolf, maybe?” Sam suggested, obviously forcing down a smile. “Uh, maybe a witch. The vic said he remembers being knocked out by a humanoid figure, then waking up in excruciating pain under the belt. A witch might find some magic uses for that kinda thing.”
“It was the only way to get him to shut up.” Cas groaned, rubbing his temples. “I also tried to read up on the lore, nothing matched. At all.”
“I’ve found a vampire nest, figured you boys not only needed to let off some steam, but also wouldn’t tolerate these scumbags living in your local state.”
Sam and Dean continued to bicker in the front seats, random brother shit, and he felt Claire nudge him to show him a stupid meme.
The next thing he knew, he was on top of Sam, whose expression was full of shock and confusion. Gabriel could thank Chuck that the human couldn't see how harshly his wings were sticking up now.
“Hey, I've only ever hated cats because they made me sneeze my brain out.” Dean replied in a mock-sharp tone, casually acting as if Pudding didn't just jump into his lap. “Cats are way cooler than dogs.”
Cas curled over him protectively, feeling the broad expanse of Dean’s shoulders heaving. He tightened his grip, bowing his head as he wrestled with the guilt of not having been there, the grief for what Dean had gone through, the gratitude that they had somehow,
.” The interested noise Cas made when Dean took an earlobe carefully between his teeth was all the invitation he needed to distract himself from the colossal fuck-up that he was making by continuing to hide his stupid mistake.
Sam had been watching him this whole time, Dean realized, when he finally caught his brother’s gaze, holding it like a lifeline.
He turned his head to meet Cas’ wide eyes, blue as the summer sky, and smiled. The weight in his chest that had been there since Cas had died was finally,
Not that he didn’t want to, because there were no words to describe how very much he wanted to. But losing Cas that last time, then not even a week later losing Jack in a non-tragic-but-still-final kind of way, did something to him that had never happened before. The final drops of water landed, at long last overflowing the existential bucket of angst that was his life.
They sat in silence, accompanied by the idling purr of the Impala’s engine. Dean didn’t want to stare creepily at Sam, so he kept his eyes forward, mindlessly tracking the ebb and flow of the miraculously reanimated town.
There was no good way to do this. He was just buying time, trying to put it off as long as he could; it was going to gut him no matter what he did, no two ways about it.
“Well, Jack’s God now, right? Except that we did such a good job pointing out all the crap that Chuck did wrong, so Jack’s trying to be hands off, to not interfere with earth.”
“No need for small talk. All I want is the trace lingering of Grace inside of all three of you. I can sense it. You won’t even miss it once it’s gone. Especially because you won’t remember this after it’s over,” smirked the female that walked into view. She was identical to Lizzie in every way except she wore her hair lightly wavy and the necklaces she wore were fewer and held heavy pendants upon them. She wore a tight pair of black jeans and a flowy yellow shirt as she paced in front of them, looking annoyed and impatient but exuding confidence. The freckles decorating her face lacked the charm of Lizzie's, lacking the smile that went with them.  “My sister told me you’d met Angels before. That’s not even a huge event these days. So many were killed after the Fall.” Her voice dipped down into regret as she spoke before she jerked her eyes back to the men in front of her. “However, something told me to check anyway…And I can see it. You’ve all done a little more than
Cas smiled more broadly as Dean lingered near his shoulder. “You’d be surprised what the group of us believe in compared to other hunters. Eventually you see enough, you just have to be open to believing anything is possible, and some things you must take on faith.”
As he began moving his hips, riding Cas, he began his plan. “I love feeling this way, us together like this…” Dean whispered, his bravery not yet built up for regular speech.
hurt them.” He scrambled to stand up, her command going against his own nature so violently that it broke him of her thrall. He looked to Dean, frozen in place, his face horrified at what he’d let her do to him. “I do not serve you. I do not serve anyone.”
Dean’s eyes widened comically at Cas’ deadpan delivery and his mouth went dry. “Are Angels supposed to say fuck?”
Dean crossed his arms over his chest and rolled his eyes, shrugging off Sam's stare.“The dude fought monsters for a living. Of course I worshipped him.”
“Now we get each other’s dicks up our asses. That’s an upgrade.” Dean’s joke made Cas laugh out loud, a happy, warm sound that made Dean’s heart simultaneously ache with joy and his continued absence. “Come home soon.”
“You’re worried about him being off on his own, huh? I’m sure it’s hard with you two being so newly together. This is the first time he’s gone off without you, right, without him asking you to come?”
“Boy, you two left a reputation in your wake, didn’t you?” Mary murmured as she stole glances around the room as the people around them slowly began to come back to regular volume.
Sam narrowed his eyes, looking at Dean more closely. “That’s…extremely understanding of you. What gives?”
offense but you know how long it took you to accept your feelings for me because of what I am. You can’t blame me for being hesitant to point out those same differences that made this so hard for you in the first place.”
The next morning, Dean walked into the kitchen to find Jack sitting on the floor with several pieces of white printer paper and a pencil gripped in his chubby hand. He was “drawing” squiggly circles and wobbly happy faces where he pushed down too hard and the paper tore, the little bear sitting right by his leg. When Jack saw Dean he quickly dropped his pencil and snatched up the bear before tilting his head to look at him. Dean bit his tongue and turned to his brother, who was busy cooking.
Lizzie nodded as she looked between them again. “One…Delaney said she sensed grace in all three of you. You,” She jabbed a finger at Cas, “Make sense now. What about you two?”
Dean popped his head back on the headrest, groaning. Only Cas could drag him across the spectrum from horny all the way to sappy and back again. He was at least calmer now. He took a breath and threw himself out of the vehicle to finish what he’d started.
dog, witch!” Castiel spat out dangerously as he held her arms down beside her, glaring down at her with disapproval and thinly veiled anger.
“Cas, didn’t you just say I could have whatever I wanted?” Dean asked as he tilted his head in amusement.
“I’ll note it on the official document,” Dean said with a smile that normally made Cas mirror a smile back… but not today. Dean sighed and took a small step forward. “Cas, you can’t wrap us in bubble wrap…”
“Did you rest well?” Cas asked softly and Dean felt fingers glide through his hair before he slowly opened them to find Cas watching him.
“Dean,” he answered back softly and linked their fingers together as he moved gently, pushing one of his thighs between Dean’s to keep his legs spread. “I missed you…and missed this, very much.”
“Wait, what?” Dean questioned in confusion as he pushed him back enough to see his face. Cas' eyes wouldn't meet his and Dean frowned further, ducking his head to find his eyes. “What are you talking about?”
“Sure, if you’re willing?” Lizzie held her hand out and Cas sighed softly and complied, wondering if the lines in his hand would tell his story...or Jimmy Novak's. he buried the nervousness down in the face of Dean's enthusiasm. Lizzie dove in quickly as she studied him. “I usually start with the heart line. The location of yours indicates you are satisfied with your current romantic situation; however it stands. It’s depth and shape also indicate you can be jealous and also have a tendency to disregard authority.” Dean choked on his soda and Cas shot him a look that Lizzie again missed as she studied his hand more. Dean shrugged in a silent apology as he wiped the soda from his chin with the back of his hand. “Your life line starts out shallow, which typically indicates a life controlled by others but it deepens here, which means that aspect of your life is in the past. However, It suddenly forks dramatically here which shows a huge life change occurred, perhaps a change in careers or your life path. Does that make sense to you in some way?”
The photos he sent were closeups, fingers wrapped around him, angles where he’d moved his bowed legs so he was spread eagle, an angle that showed off the smooth expanse of his stomach while his dick lay thick, heavy, and neglected against it. That one was his favorite. He sent them and then threw the comforter over himself to prevent further temptation. He was very quickly rewarded for his actions. Cas Facetimed him immediately. It was dark outside so the lighting was bad and Cas was fumbling the phone around with frustrated energy, dropping it unceremoniously into the cupholder with a loud clank.
“I wanna come on you,” Dean said so bluntly he surprised himself, it slipping out as he came closer. His voice had taken on the deep timbre of a man wanting to mark his property, and Dean wasn’t fucking ashamed of it. Primitive maybe, but the supposedly far more evolved creature below him lit up like a Christmas tree at the idea. He threw his head back and the grip he had on his hips became precarious.
“Everything back to normal?” Dean said as his eyes ran over his body. Cas’ put a hand to his chest, feeling his breathing coming raggedly, and he nodded.
“You what?” Cas said with an annoyed tone as he looked to Dean who shrugged and averted his eyes as he sipped at his own beer, avoiding Cas’ gaze now.
Dean shrugged, unable to argue his point but quirking his mouth at Cas’ talk of faith. “He’s right in that regard. After all we’ve seen, we have to be open to what’s possible.”
“You are so good for me. My good boy,” Cas purred praise in his ear any time Dean faded back into wakefulness, enough that Dean almost whimpered in embarrassment, squirming against him and hiding his face. The last time he woke from his drifting slumber, his eyes were still closed when Cas leaned in. “You are also a good
“When your dad leaves you a twenty to get you through a week, you make do,” Dean shrugged. “Hot dogs, ramen, and mac and cheese. Supper of champions and heart disease.”
Claire blinked back dampness in her own eyes and roughly rubbed a palm across her face to banish it away. “He was special. Kind of a doof but…”
“I would very much like to hear about Dean’s aura,” Cas spoke up quickly with a twinkle in his eyes as he laced his fingers together and leaned his weight on them. Dean rolled his eyes but shrugged in acceptance, throwing his back into the seat of the booth and crossing his arms over his chest, feigning disinterest.
“I’m flattered, but no thank you,” Cas said kindly but firmly as he took her hand off his leg without timidness. “I’ve already got plans for this evening and I think they’d be rather upset with me if I took you up on your very generous offer…though I hear Dean there is good for more than a couple of good hours if you can talk him into it,” Cas smirked before taking another swig of his beer and grinning only for Dean to see.
Claire shook her head quickly. “She’s starting online classes for her GED since she missed a lot. This'll get me out of her hair. I'm no help with the whole school thing.”
Lizzie took a moment to process, biting her lip as she studied him. “So, being an Angel is a bad thing…but you’re so powerful!” Lizzie stared at Cas with true awe as she spoke of his power, but not possessively as her sister had.
“It’s not my fault. She liked my aura,” Cas said with a shrug as Dean glared at him with jealousy now prevalent in his eyes.
“Thought you might like some company,” Dean said softly as he grabbed a bath cloth from the towel rack near the tub, wet it, and soaped it up. He slid a strong arm around Cas’ stomach, holding him tightly against him as he ran the rag over the parts of him he could reach. “You don’t always have to be strong, you know. I’m here.
“No no…Sam, wait. Whatever came of you asking out that hot new librarian chick you told me about?” Dean’s eyebrows were raised in genuine interest now, so Sam sighed and leaned against the door face, his arms crossed over his chest.
“So spoiled,” Dean said with a happy sigh as he closed his eyes and let the noonday sun warm his face and chase away the chill of his earlier intrusive memories.
“You’d have broken that poor woman’s heart,” Cas said with a lopsided grin as he leaned over and quickly kissed Dean’s Adam’s apple.
