She tried to get a hold on Eileen too but Dean was faster; he jumped on her, knocking her out and stabbing her to her heart. Her body glowing and finally turning to ashes. Dean huffed and laid there, sighing, taking deep breaths. Castiel helped him get up.
In the rift, the Empty, everything was indeed black.
"It's
Castiel couldn’t be more ecstatic for returning home. Everything was the same. His mother, always gracious and beautiful, welcomed them. She cooked, with the help of their servants, a big lunch party for her son and his partner.
Sam blushes while Eileen gives him a kiss on the cheek. "I don't need him to kick your ass." she winks.
He smiled. "I'm a professor. It's nice, I like being around kids, especially since they ain't mine" he joked, maintaining eyecontact with me.
A strict woman's voice told him. Castiel threw a glance at her. She was looking at him like she knew him very well.
That was the weirdest case they had ever tried to solve; this witch was capturing people and doing experiments on them. Dean had her cornered. He was aiming his gun at her, Cas by his side. The witch, who was pretty seductive and persuasive, was slowly approaching Dean. "Oh Dean" she hummed, tilting her head by her side. "I know how to read men like you; you always try to make someone proud. Your daddy, your mommy, your girl... or your boyfriend, if that's your case" she winked. "
Sam laughed. It was a demonic laughter, far different from his actual one. It didn't touched his eyes. They had any shine, they were deadly. With a smirk, he turned around to face her.
He left his sister and with heavy steps, he got his way on the room he was sharing with Dean. When he got in, Dean was laying at the bed, eyes on the ceiling. Cas stepped closer and sat next to him, on the bed.
"Sure, Sammy, the witch was killed, we could even find her clothes"
They were chasing their orgasm together, the sweet release, while they kissed, tongues fighting over dominance, none of them winning... Dean felt like he was flying, the squeeze of Castiel's body to his dick felt incredible... he wished he was able to quit the fuckin' wedding and stay here, in this little room with Cas forever...
Dean put the throttle of the Impala and drove back. He was about to think what would say to his apology, when the little angel he was thinking about popped inside his car.
"Dean" Thomas touched his shoulder. "Ada won't marry you tomorrow. So don't worry. It's alright." Tommy smiled. "My stubborn ass of a sister might not get into her right minds soon but don't blame yourself for this. Any woman in Birmingham would be lucky to have you"
"Because I didn't wanted to ground our family ties on a lie, Sir - Thomas!" he blushed and looked down at the cover of the couch, which seemed very interesting right now.
Cas swallowed and turned on the light. "For the love of -"
When the lesson ended, Dean left for the his dorm without waiting for Cas, as always. He needed some time alone, to think.
Dean delivered a hard punch on Sam’s face. “That doesn’t make it okay! You’ve no right to treat people like that! What would you do huh? Would you rape him? For what? Because he didn’t want you? Is this how I raised you? To become a rapist?”
Anna rolled his eyes. "That's not an excuse." She answered and started to walk away. Suddenly, she stopped and looked back at Castiel. "You won't be forgiven this time. Father doesn't accept that kind of relationship. I'll be happy to see you burn in Hell, Castiel."
I'm very sorry for the long delay! I hadn't had my laptop for days!
The human smirks and kisses Cas' lips softly. He gently opens his legs and moves them around his hips. "I've been wanting to do this for a long time...."
A tall man entered the cell; Castiel would recognize him everywhere. The short hair, touching his chin were messier than ever. Castiel groaned. “Jesus… you’ll beat me up too, Sam? Let’s get over with it.” The man was sitting in the little bed on the corner, rubbing his eyes. He felt every inch of his being aching. He ached to see Dean, to know how he was…
When he pulled back, Cas' eyes were watery too. "I love you, Dean. Never forget about that" Dean held him as close as he could, crying silently too. "I love you too, Cas. Always."
"You regretted it, didn't you?" Gabriel said sadly. "I-It's fine, Sam. I don't blame you" he stood up, trying to find his clothes, wearing Sam' shirt.
Cas giggles, getting the joke. "We angels don't get sick. So we'll be good"
"Don't end up like her. You're doing her job, you try to do what she didn't. She fell for one of them. Don't get into that trap too, Castiel. It won't end well."
"Nice show." he said. "But I won't hook up with you today. It's the creepiest thing ever."
Cas was so pleasured he wasn't even sure Dean spoke. When his human asked again, Cas said that yes, it'd be okay to come inside of him, even if he wasn't sure what this might mean. He felt some hot liquid inside him, his lower parts squeezing and then all he could feel was emptiness; hot mess and empty. Next thing he remembered was a hot palm on his dick, stroking it, squeezing it, , driving him over the edge... He felt Dean's hips slowly moving all while he was jerking him off... And then Cas came, inside Dean's palm, gasping, groaning his human's name...
Dean thought Cas seemed really sure. What if he was right? What if God was protecting them? Dean didn't believed in God, but Castiel was a soldier of His and was obeying His orders. Dean could trust Cas.
Castiel frowned. “What are you even sorry for?”
Sam pouted. "That's not a type, asshole, that's my sexuality! Go back to the closet you came from - oh well... you're still in the closet!" she growled.
"You forgot the apple pie" Cas smiled bitterly. Dean picked up his knees to his chest and wrapped his arms around them, trying to avoid Cas' look.
"Are you going to let me rot in here?" Ruby's fractious voice yelled. "At least come here and have some fun with me. I'm bored."
Dean looked back at Cas. "This can't be good, angel. This can't be good."
They both laughed and continued their perfect moment into eternity.
. Huh. Seemed like that Winchester girl was a cheater. Such a shame. Castiel scrunched up her nose in disgust. She was expecting something more from God’s favorites.
"Just take a break, kid" Dean pats his shoulder. "You were good back there... you helped us a lot the whole week. I think you should take some rest. Let's go" he grabbed the Impala's keys and walked outside, followed by the angel.
Castiel tilted his head on the right side, looking so desperately innocent that broke Dean's already broken heart. "I'm all yours. Take me."
Dean hungs up and smirks down at Cas. "Wanna go to a strip club honey?"
The woman looked at him like he was crazy. "Nick are you kidding?"
Then Cas took the phone and talked a little with Sam and Jack about the case. Sam adviced them to not display their relationship because the Goddess was fed on lust and tender feelings.
We continued it, of course. I wanted it, he wanted it. 'Till the very end... Sam was still unaware of that... thing. Or he was very good actor, I wasn't sure. I wasn't marking Cas' neck anymore, but in other spots, more private, where only I knew where the marks were. Hopefully, Cas knew how to hide them... and the days were passing by.
"Where the hell are you?"
"She's my girlfriend, you dumbass" Sam frowned and crossed her arms in front of her chest. "Just say it; what do you want?"
"Whoa, whoa man!" Sam complained, raising his palms and covering his ears. "I don't need to hear about your sexual life with Cas, okay?"
"What happened to the previous…uh… you?" he tried to politely ask.
Castiel smiled at them and then looked at Dean. "Thank you, Dean." He whispers and kisses Dean tenderly. Dean chuckled and shook his head, kissing back.
"Save it" Cas abruptly stops him; he strokes his knee under the table though. "What we do here is purely business. Azrael here is a fellow angel; she's helping us figuring this out."
Dean raised an eyebrow. "Hear what?"
He stood there, looking at Dean's green eyes, without even breathing. Dean leaned his face closer to Cas and closed the gap smoothly with his lips. Then, he pulled back.
Gabriel had no answer to that. They walked over the main road, hearing the whistles from the passing by cars. Castiel growled. How dared those petty humans? Who they thought they were?
“What happened?” Dean asked as he sat him on the couch.
Amortentia smells like what you most desire" Professor Slughorn continued his lecture. He left his gaze to gander on the class and his eyes stopped on Castiel's face.
Dean wiped his eyes and nodded. “I’m grateful too, Cas. I’m glad we’re here and we’re together… maybe… maybe we can… we need to go to America, to mom. I don’t want to tell her about Sam over a letter or over the phone…”
"Sam, drink it!" said the female demon, offering him her bloody wrist. "It makes you stronger! You can only kill Lilith-"
Dean blushed as the mental image filled his mind; him, dressed up as Santa while Cas was laid on the bed, like an innocent damsel, all ready to be surrendered to the red clothed Papa.
Cas looked at Sam, then his eyes fell on the floor. Sam sighed. "It's not a bad thing, Cas. Also…" Sam bit his lip thinking if he could speak more about it. "I've been trying to convince him to make a move for like…ages. He likes you, man. As much as you like him and more." Sam noticed the angel was looking at him now and he smiled. Cas gulped and clutched his fists on his sides, sighing deeply, trying to say what he wanted to Sam.
"Wait. You and Aphrodite... so the witch back in the barn... that was you?" Castiel swallowed and widened his eyes. "Fix the curse. Now"
This year, their lessons were more demanding, especially for Castiel, who wanted to be an Auror. His favorite subject was Potions and also Professor Slughorn had distinguished him. Cas was a very gifted student, especially on Potions.
After Sammy was comfortably into bed, clean and sated, Dean decided to go back to bed. He was excausted from his earlier activities and all the alcohol he had consumed at the party. He had to admit it, the Shelbys did the best parties in Birmingham.
"Sam, there you're!" Finn called as he walked into the bathroom. "Oh hey Dmitri". Finn waved. "Did you pissed already, mate?" he asked the boy, Sam.
"Are you hungry?" My brother asked. I didn't heard what Cas said...
Castiel loved the attention, loved how dirty Dean was acting, loved that sinful mouth of his...
Sam nodded. “Yes, some coffee would be good right now”.
A month or so later, Sam was in jail for good. I didn't know how to feel about it. I hated him for everything he had done. I couldn't think of him as my brother after all.
Dean smirks. He kisses harder and filthy and gently lays him on the bed. He starts by taking off the trenchcoat and throwing it away. Then, he opens the buttons of the angel's shirt one by one, kissing the revealed skin. Castiel was writhing and moaning beneath him, a view Dean and his cock both enjoyed.
He flied, invisible, among the humans, trying to track Winchesters' special aura. Each one had a different aura from the other. Sam Winchester's aura was pure and light and clean, he could easily track it, without ever losing its path.
Dean followed him. "What are you talking about? Cas, you're better than I ever imagined so what's that lecture all about?"
"What did that manwhore told you?;"
Dean frowned a little as he read the names on his notepad. "Alex Collins and Josh Shelby."
Ruby, naked above him, holding a shampoo –a heavy one-, was smirking sardonically.
Grace smiled softly and nodded. "Thank you... my husband told me about you... what a charmer you're"
"Just trust me, love." Dean whispered as he bit Castiel's lobe. "I know what I'm doing."
Dean pulled back angrily. "Because you clearly don't. You don't pin me down on the mattress to fuck my brains out. 'Cause that's all I need at the moment. And what's the point of saying you want me without showing it?"
The brothers looked in awe the tall, skinny man who was standing in front of them. Sam was almost shocked and pointed at the man. "Is he…?" he asked, looking at Dean. Dean nodded. "Yes, it's Cas without Jimmy" answered playfully. "Ah, I almost forgot" he said, looking at Cas. "Castiel someway lost his original vessel and he needs our help to get it back."
Suddenly, a redhead was in the middle of the road. He couldn't recognize her, but she could. She was an angel. Anna. The one he had hooked up before.
Gabriel looked up, hopefully. "No, I didn't regret it. It was amazing, you… were amazing. I want you to stay"
Gabriel touched Dean's forehead and a few seconds later the older Winchester was laid on the couch, like he was sleeping. Gabriel disappeared and a few moments later he returned with a medical knife. "What's that? Don't you think I'll let you slaughter my brother…?" Sam said, frowning deeply. Gabriel snorted. "Oh, Moosey. I'd never do that." He said and snapped his fingers, the four of them transported to Dean's room. "Here. To be more comfortable." He hovered above Dean, marking the side of his belly who he needed to cut Sam frowned more as he watched. "How do you know so much about this?" He whispers. "Have you studied to Medical School?"
The smile Jack gave him was the best Dean had seen in the last few years. "We'll take him by surprise."
Castiel nodded casually."Yes."
"I'm not who you think I am" Castiel states and frees himself from Dean's arms, walking inside the house and into the living room, sitting on the large comfy couch.
,  Cas thought. Grace knew his face. They were studying back in London together; he hoped he had changed a lot since then so he wouldn't be recognized...
"Jeez..." I muttered. He smiled softly, blushing.
"My specialization is on nude portraits" he answered, his eyes deeply into mine.
Castiel sighed deeply. "You and Dean… It was over. I…I love him, Annie. He's everything I want." He confessed desperately.
I slapped his ass once and raised my pelvis, so I could push in deeper. When I heard him screaming my name, I almost came inside him.
This year was Castiel's sixth on Hogwarts School Of Witchcraft and Wizardry. For the past six years, every time he was coming back from holidays, he felt like returning home. He was enjoying every little part of his education, the meals in the Great Hall, having fun with the other Gryffindors on the Common Room. But, most of all, he was relieved for a certain little thing: for looking again at the gaze of some great green eyes; his best friend's, Dean Winchester.
The girl hummed. "Hmm... well what's the names of the patrons? I know all the regulars in here"
Azrael groaned and slapped her face. "Here you go. Always ruining things. Why you had to snoop around like a friggin' dog, eh? Why wouldn't you let me be? You and your God and Gabriel! I always wanted to live in here, with humans, helping them... but you and your angel kin. Always following the rules... if you expose me Castiel I swear to God and all his children I'll cut your throat."
Cas shook his head. "I'm afraid not. I'm sorry, Dean." Before Dean could answer a flutter of wings was heard and the angel was gone. Dean sighed and stood up, taking off his phone and calling someone. "Hey, Bobby it's me. I need your help.."
"So... what about that class you were talking about?"
Dean was riding his Baby, listening to some old classic rock cassettes on his radio. He was completely distracted from the song to notice the tall man sitting on the passenger's seat next to him. When he did, a little cry sliped from his lips.
Castiel tilted his head, confused. "What - What are you talking about?"
They ran away, out of this hideous house. It was silent since it was probably the middle of the night. Cas stole a horse from the stable and galloped away with Dean, back home.
I rolled my eyes. "It wasn't a murder, officer. The guy was threatening to kill them, the gun backfired while the guys were fighting. What I'm asking you is to stall him; he's after us... he wants to kill us both"
." she winks at him. Dean blushed and rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly. "Uh... we've to ask you a few questions."
"What's your name?" Sam asked as they approached the parked car; he opened the back seat door for her.
Sammy smirks. "You think? Only if you knew... it gets worse - believe me I know"
Castiel stood up when the sun rised, trying not to wake his Dean. He walked towards the shower and stayed there even after Sam woke up. He thought about last night, all the new sensations he had discovered, all the satisfactions he felt. He noticed the light bruises on his neck and smiled.
"Hey!" Dean pouts up at him. "Watch your mouth"
share a profound bond after all."
"Yeah right…"
"What in the mother of…" he whispered. Then, everything got black and he fainted.
"First thing to remember... that's not the way to fuck a woman... that's how guys do it". Castiel instructed and laid in bed, spreading his legs wide and throwing away his underwear; Dean sat close to him, still all blushes and shyness.
"What if she wasn't killed? We should go back to the barn and investigate." Cas nodded, staring at Dean.
Castiel hummed. "I saw you with Benjamin Lafitte last night..."
Castiel looked shocked. Then, he closed his eyes and answered calmly. "I think I was pretty clear about it last night… You didn't heard what I said?"
He throw a glance at Dean's face. His eyes were on Ruby. "What is this doing here?" he said, looking at her. Ruby smirked when she heard his words, stood up in front of Dean's face and crossed her arms in front of her chest.
Dean's eyes widened and stared at Cas for a moment. "Where exactly do you have her?"
"That felt so good. Thank you Dean" Cas whispered smiling, his eyes drooping a little. He seemed like he was about to sleep but apparently... angels don't sleep.
"Alright." Dean touched Cas' back, the spot he knew a touch could send sensual shivers through the angel's body. The hunter felt the body on his lap shivering. Dean looked up at Cas' face, to see him hiding a smirk. "Not again. I need sleep."
"I-I will explain everything…" Dean apologized, showing his palms in surrender. "Just…sit. It may be a little too much for you."
"This is not love. That's called extortion."
"So... we noticed a few of the patrons here disappeared and found dead a few hours later. Did you noticed anything... unusual around here?"
"He's alive." He said. "But we can't do anything for him anymore. Heaven is waiting for him to rest in peace."
"What's your profession exactly?" I asked, curious to learn more about him. He smiled more as he ate, while I had stopped eating. I was interested in him. "I went to college; Arts in Paris" he shrugged like it was nothing.
Castiel shook his head in disbelief. "Dean I'm not sure if I…" he admitted in a deep, worried voice. "I don't know how to do this…"
Cas nodded and tried not to let himself feel bad that the boy was in love with him.
The Shelbys nodded. Castiel was good with the fake identities as well. Dmitri Krushnic was another alias of his.
Dean blushes and laughs. "Oh.. Uhm... sorry?"
Cas let himself get lost into the kiss before he abruptly pulls back. "Please... I'll die if you keep kissing me..."
When he hit puberty, his father was killed by a mysterious man. Later Castiel learned that man was Arthur Shelby, the Senior. He never learned why. He promised to revenge the Shelby family, no matter what. That's how he decided to become a cop.
He rolled his eyes and sat down on the bed, putting his head in his hands. "Come on, Dean, where are you?" he monologued. "Did he stopped for dinner, drink or fucking the angel on the corner of the road?"
Sam shook his head. "Jesus. Not what I meant. I was thinking like... maybe Sexy Santa? You know... I understand you're still trying to find what you like as a couple and such but... it'd be a nice start, don't you think? Cas will find it funny."
"You okay?" Dean asks, as he stills out of instict inside of him, biting his lip.
Joaquin frowned. "What, the bar?"
Finn jumped on a barstool and grinned at Castiel. "Could I have a scotch, please?"
"Any luck with the bartender?" Dean asked his partner.
"I'm here to help Sammy, you smartass" she cocky answered. "He's the only one who can kill Lilith-"
Dean swallowed heavily as he pulled down Cas' boxers and his own, pulling him on his desperate cock. Before he did the final move, he leaned to the angel's ear and whispered. "I know you never had an experience on those crap, but if you feel any pain or anything, just… let me know. Okay? I don't wanna hurt you."
Cas ran outside. It was silent and dark in the cells. He looked around and spotted Dean in the next cell. He bended over and tried to break the lock with a hairpin. Dean was crying when he saw him. Cas asked him to be silent.
Dean and Castiel had been friends since their first time at the school. They were at the same House, they both loved Muggles' old school rock and also they were roommates.
Dean nodded and started a torturing attack all over Cas' body. Cas was trying to remain silent, but he couldn't. His breath was heavy, he was grabbing tightly the sheets, trying not to scream from pleasure. Dean smiled jubilantly and took their pants off of them. Dean wrapped their bodies with the sheets and started to kiss Cas' neck. Castiel moaned quietly and grabbed Dean's hair, pulling him closer.
The boys were back at the motel's room. Sam was sleeping and Dean was looking after him. He couldn't fell asleep. What he dreamed a few hours ago terrified him: Sam, in diabolic red eyes, was doing Lucifer's will, murdering people, drinking demons' blood and getting stronger and unstoppable. He thought of Castiel. How this guy would help Sam? What if Sam was already evil? He was already drinking Ruby's blood. Was he strong enough to kill Lilith and raise Lucifer?
"Hey little one" he heard someone calling; That was strange. Castiel stood slowly, trying to adjust his eyes in the dark. He grabbed the angel blade he was hiding in his back pocket and aimed.
Those words were repeating on Castiel's mind. His Father gave Him a mission and he had to perform it successfully.
Sam swallowed and blinked, eyeing at his brother, then at Cas, then at his brother, then at Cas, back and forth, back and forth...
Dean's eyes got wet and he felt like his guts were hit hard. Cas behind him was holding his breath, his angel blade hidden in the sleeve of his right hand. They just needed to go a bit closer, he needed to hold Sam still for a while…
I looked at him and my body was filled with warmth, my heart was doubled by the love I felt. Even though I knew him so little.
After two days of ignoring calls, Dean decided to go and confront Tommy. He wore his nicest suit and gave Cas one so they’d meet the Shelby patriarchist.
Rowena smiled, a tear running down her face. "Don't mention it... How would I be able to see you kiss your angel and get your happy ending while one of you wasn't in life?"
Thomas sipped his whiskey slowly, then left the glass on the wooden craft table. He stared the Winchester in the eye. “I am, Dean. But do you even know what this man did? Or you’re so blinded from love you don’t recognize the traitors? This man is Inspector Castiel Novak. He’s from Russia, his father was killed by mine and he came here for revenge. He got assigned our case and tried to find evidence to bring us down Dean. He came into my own bar, pretending to be an innocent immigrant all while he was spying on us. He dragged you to the Solomons and lied to them, asking for protection. Alfie was suspicious of him, especially when he asked to keep the conversation a secret. He’s using you, Dean! To him, you’re only a tool to solve his case and avenge his family! Don’t you understand?”
Dean gasps, pretending the offended one. "Sam! Behave your girlfriend!"
Dean caught Cas by one hand and Jack by the other, and they ran to the rift. Luckily, it was still open.
I hugged him and tears were running down my cheeks as well. "I don't want him to hurt you... Just stay... please..."
They kept moving together, Dean rolling his hips, leaving filthy moans and nipping at the other's neck, causing marks. Dean was a slut for marks; he loved baring them and causing them to people, especially to Cas. Hickeys meant taken. Hickeys meant mine. Hickeys meant love. Hickeys meant need. Dean loved having Cas in a room full of people, all staring at his marks, knowing they would never have him because he belonged to Dean. He was Dean's only...
She was brunnete with her hair dyed magenda from the middle to the edges. Her kind hazel eyes were scanning Gabriel up and down, as Castiel noticed. And her thoughts… her mind was full of inappropriate thoughts for both of them.
"What are you thinking of?" Dean whispered; Cas' face seemed neutral and thinking. The hunter kissed his nose and smiled softly as he swiftly moved inside him slowly,as to not hurt him.
He sighed and shook his head. "Shower. Sheets" Then showed at me with his pointer finger, frowning. "Shower. Now."
"Definitely. I heard them. Dean…" Castiel looked intensely inside his eyes. "Will you help me? Us?"
Cas nodded. "Yes, Annie, its all true. I'm his Guardian Angel. I protect both of the Winchesters. God commanded me to do."
"Castiel, my boy, step closer" he said, calling him to come in front of everyone. With a decisive step forward, he was at the bench where the cauldron with the potion was.
"I think you're probably right" Dean nodded and walked into the store to purchase the red costume.
"Indeed." Castiel nodded. Then, he threw a worried glance at Dean. "You're right, you know… But it doesn't mean Father doesn't want me to be happy, Dean."
"Alex and Kate" Sam said. "We're married a few years; thought we'd do something... different tonight" Eileen played along, nodding, smiling seductively.
"Tell who what?" Jack tilted his head at Cas, confused. Castiel was trying to swallow down the lump in his throat as he slowly stood up. "Dean, would you come with me?" The hunter stood up as well and nodded. "Sure. I'd do anything to get out of this sex motel." Eileen pouts and wraps an arm around Sam's shoulder. "We're not that loud!" she complains. "Your porn is louder than us!"
"Cas?"
I noticed Castiel watching me, his eyes locked on me. His robe didn't left much to imagine... I was haunted by him all the fucking night. I also wouldn't be able to fall asleep since they were fucking all night long, which didn't helped me much.
Entering the barn, weapons raised in hand, all they could see was the clothes of the dead witch. Nothing more. Castiel sighed as he looked around. "I feel nothing strange; no strange energy. She's probably gone."
Castiel smiles and tugs at Dean's soft hair. "I trust you..."
Cas huffs and shakes his head; his chest has a beautiful red color. "No... why? What's on your mind?"
Castiel didn't knew he had it in himself; that slutty self of his was something he'd never show outside of these four walls. During day he was the respectful Inspector Novak but at nights... he was Cas, the whore, who enjoyed dancing and now he'd take that beautiful stranger's dick into his ass...
“So I was wondering…” Sam blushed, a few minutes before it was time to leave. “Would you like to go out with me?”
The next few days, Castiel noticed that Sam, Dean’s brother, was visiting the Pub regularly. He was coming the early hours to help him, sometimes alone, sometimes with Finn. They’d come to drink a beer quickly or inform him about a big celebration in the Pub. One day, Castiel had just opened the Pub when Sam followed him, with a big smile on his face. Cas smiled back. “Good morning, little Winchester” he hummed as he walked inside, opening the door, so Sam would walk in. “Want some coffee? I’m about to make some for myself”
Dean wore his tuxedo and looked himself in the mirror; damn, he looked good. He bit his lip and fixed his hair a little bit, thinking about Cas. He hoped he'd be able to see him tonight. He had missed him; they hadn't met each other since that day he went to the Garrison to meet Tommy and Grace. He had been busy lately but he craved to see his lover, to feel his skin against his fingertips...
Dean placed a soft finger on his angel's lips, shushing him. "Don't say that… Please just don't… I don't wanna lose you too."
Joaquin smiled knowingly at him. "I was there, you know? You forgot about me being there, covering your back? I saw it all. And... believe me, I get that. He was handsome and cute and you couldn't control yourself. But, mate... he's a criminal. You should think about it twice before you let your dick take the lead."
"Sure... It'll be our dirty little secret." I answered, smiling softly.
Dean looked at the Shelby intensely. “What did you do? You ordered my own brother to follow Dmitri? Why? Do you even know what my brother did? I thought you were against those crimes, Thomas”
"I wouldn't describe my own breath as hot, Dean." Cas whispered frowning down at his human. "I wouldn't say it's that warm"
"I said he's not coming" he raised their joined hands. "You take him, you take me. And we both know it's not allowed to take a human so... he stays. Unless you wanna stay awake forever"
Sammy nodded understandable. "Okay, okay I just…can't process that. It's too much." Dean looked up his brother, surprised. He was afraid Sam would criticize him for what he did. Sam was righteous, he was praying, reading the Bible, going to church every Sunday and all those things Dean never did or wanted to do. Dean was afraid about what Sam would probably say: That homo relationships were against what God said. That God didn't accepted what he felt. All for an angel. An angel of the Lord.
"Are you really sure you wanna go back?" Dean smiled at the Angel's gaze, playfully. "Nah." He grabbed his waist and pulled him closer, touching his lips with the Angel's.
He opened his eyes and looked at the black eyes in front of him. A black-haired girl was smirking nastily at him. "Morning, princess. You slept well?" Sam groaned. "Meg." The brunette chuckled. "That's right. I'm happy you remember me" Then she put a knife deep into his hipbone. "Now shall the party begin." She whispered and pulled away the blade. "All we need is your brother to come and rescue. And he will after the sign we left." She laughed and left the room. "Ruby, he's on you"
Cas nodded and immediately brought a bottle of whiskey and three glasses for them.  He shared a glance with Dean, swallowing; he could tell Dean was feeling embarrased too.
Dean approached him slowly and gently pushed him on the bed, crawling on top of him. He looked into his eyes and kissed him. Dean kissed him hard, pushing his tongue inside as he slowly opened his legs, settling between them, wanting to be there forever... he left marks on his body, on his neck, his chest, the inside of his thighs...
"No!" Cas shrieked. With one movement of his blade, he cut off one of the black tentacles of the Shadow.
"So I... I did something... terrible tonight..."
While the kids were drinking peacefully their dad's milk, Dean sighed and rested his head on Castiel's shoulder, studying their kids. The girl had light brown her and light green eyes. Also her lips were full and pink. She wad a micrograph of Dean. "She's a hottie" Dean smiled. "How should we name her?"
Soon, he pushed his manhood inside of him and Castiel just meowled; he tugged at his hair and took in a breath.
THANK YOU ALL OF YOU PEOPLE, who keep reading my stories! Thank you so much!
Since Christmas is rolling, I really needed to write this!
After Castiel left, Dean stayed in bed, trying to process everything his lover told him. He tried to think what to do next; he didn't want to lose Castiel or get in trouble with the Shelbys. So he decided to act normal and make up as they go. An hour or so later, he heard the door opening and Sam stumbling into the house. He seemed pretty drunk, his tie was loosened around his neck and his shirt was slightly open. He giggled when he saw his brother. "Hey!" he waved like a maniac. "Crazy night huh? So where is your pretty waiter?"
Dean stared at Cas once, holding his hand.
Gabriel frowned; she wasn’t aware of humans and their hostile ways. She thought every person they met was friendly, but they met nobody except
Dean gulped. "Not my fault... have you ever seen yourself?"
Ruby was more than happy. She made the brothers to have a fight and now Sam would leave Dean and would follow her. But Dean noticed her expression. It made him angrier than he already was. He threw a carefully look on the demon's appearance.
Dean smirked smugly. "Sure thing. Now kiss me"
Willa groans. "Jesus... that's a shame. But deep down I knew it. Guys like him are never single. Give him a kiss from me, will you, handsome?" she winks again and holds Cas' hand. "You're so lucky... just make sure to keep him, will ya?"
I hope you enjoy this! I wait for your comments! x
"I know what you want to say." Dean finally confessed. "That I was always hating Cas and how against homosexuality your God is."
"Yeah... Yeah I trust you" the angel nodded.
"I was sure you would come."
Didn’t he knew that he and Dean… Dean hadn’t talked to him?
Castiel nodded. "He wants me. Like... at this point I'm sure I could make him do anything"
Castiel made coffee for both of them; Sam stayed until the first clients walked in, helped him tidy up the place and wipe the floor. He was really nice and Castiel wondered what would happen if Cas met Sam first and not Dean.
"Hey Dmitri!" Finn waved at him as he and his older brother walked into the Garrison; Castiel smiled from his spot behind the bar. Finn was the gentlest of them, the most pure and nice guy. Castiel thought they might be friends. Maybe they were, at least from Finn's perspective.
It was a month since Sam was taken by demons and the rest of
Cas huffed and threw his head back. "Dean I'm not what you think! I... I lied to you! Jesus... I'm an undercover cop. I need to find proof that the Shelbys are criminals so they're brought to justice." Castiel deadpanned.
"You're..." he started. "You're beautiful... what's your name?" he tilted his head, not remembering if the boy even told him his name.
Then, he took his phone out and called Dean. After a while calling, Sam listened Dean's voicemail.
"I know what it means" Castiel smiled. "It means you always think of me. How thoughtful". he giggled and lifted on his tiptoes to give the taller man a kiss on the lips. "Thank you".
Sam raised his eyebrows. He was incredible! Running away with the angel, missing all night, sending weirdly messages and now trying to be funny! That was more that Sam could handle.
The woman seemed really terrified. "Nick what are you saying?! I'm sure this is caused by the stroke!"
Dean snorted and pulled Cas against his body, closer, their noses touching. "Nobody's gonna ever take you away from me. Not Empty, Billie or friggin' God himself. I'm going to fight everyone and everything to be with you. We'll find a way. And certainly not a solution which ends up with you being a martyr. Is that clear?"
Castiel heard the girl thinking.
"As long as you didn't killed or raped someone, I think we're good"
Dean shook his head. "He's not going anywhere."
"W-Why are you…" Dean started to say but he couldn't complete his sentence. Cas' lips crushed his. This surprised Dean, the Angel wasn't used to that kind of diffusions. The Angel was surprised with himself too. He was never supposed to kiss that man. But, he felt an unusual feeling crushing his chest. Was that love? That's how it feels like to love someone?
Dean chuckled as he fondly stroked Cas' shoulder. "Don't worry baby... we'll get over with it soon and then we'll be able to go back in the room and so I can do some more...
"It's alright, don't bother... I bumped onto you anyways."
Dean giggled and kissed his forehead, humming. "Anytime Cas. Happy First Bunker Christmas."
Sam's brother, on the other hand, was a different case. Dean Winchester was a cocky, cynical man, his aura was so dark he could hardly track it. Dean Winchester's aura could easily been lost. Dean was happy about that fact, that the Angel couldn't easily track him. Castiel couldn't know his feeling about this human. He was all those cocky jokes and cocky responses and was so fucking smartass and disrespectful to Castiel. Castiel wanted so bad to punch Dean Winchester directly on his smartass mouth and make him shut forever. The Angel couldn't understand why God wanted this human to be saved. He couldn't even see a special thing on him.
"That's it!" Dean growls and grabs Cas' hand, dragging him upstairs. "You know what? You're assholes. Both of you" he stated loud enough, so both men heard him.
Dean took an angel blade and held Jack's hand. "Wish us luck"
Probably a 2 chapter thing but if you want more... lemme know!
"You didn't said that the last time." she answered, pulling her body against his tightly. Sam had convinced himself that he wouldn't let this demon manipulate him anymore. With quick moves, he left her on the bathroom and locked the door. Like he remembered something, he smiled, while Ruby was giving heavy knocks on the door.
"AHHHHHHH! STOP! YOU STUPID SONS OF BITCHES FUCKIN' STOP NOW!" Sam screamed as the blade cut his left limp.
Castiel was living in a trance. He was trying, he was trying too hard to not fall for this beautiful guy. But his mind was shut down and his heart was taking the lead...
“Thank you, Finn. Have a good night” Dean waved at the boy and grabbed his brother. He left him on the couch and walked upstairs; Castiel was curled on the bed, wearing a shirt of Dean’s, hugging Dean’s pillow.
"Sammy…" he murmured, most to himself than to the tall man behind him. His eyes were concentrate on the glance in front of him, ignoring everything else. "Leave us."
"Yes, Dean, there's something more." Castiel replied. "She plans to raise Lucifer through Sam."
Dean rolled his eyes smirking. "Bossy" he groaned and relaxed into the angel's embrace,drifting off a few minutes later.
His phrase left unfinished as he watched his lover, who was leaning against the doorframe; Dean was wearing a red coat, with white fur and matching red pants and that was it. His hair were unmade, sticking in every direction and he was licking a lollipop. Holy hell...
We moved around all the time, but he always found us. Cas was scared all the time. I promised him I would always protect him. He was mine forever. He cried, and I tried to comfort him. I was surprised when his laughter sounded in my ears.
Once Castiel saw him naked... and the size of his dick... God. The man had a ripped body, defined abs and his biceps were similar to a boa's body. His legs were strong and muscular and his dick was thick and red with arousal, a single vein standing out. It was a blessing to watch.
Tommy stared at her for two seconds before she sighed and rolled her eyes. "Fine. You stupid boys..." she murmured while she walked upstairs, back to her room.
"So, kids, today's lesson will be particularly interesting for the female population of this class. The potion you see is called Amortentia. It's the most powerful love potion in the whole world…"
The slap I gave it sounded so loud, it reverberated in the room.
Sam and John nodded. Dean was still a bit self consious about that. He really didn't wanted to spend the night fucking a woman...
- real. You and me Dean. We're real."
Dean pulled out of him and laid on top of him, almost crashing him. He whipped his palm on the sheets while giggling and kissing Cas' neck. He just spent a few moments eyeing him, observing him; the angel's body was littered with marks Dean would be proud to call his. His neck had also a little mark which Dean would show off with a wicked grin on his face, not even feeling sorry about it.
"You can get whatever you want here, mate; alcohol, women or even men, if you're in that kind of thing... cocaine... pills. Anything is yours..." John winked at him and pushed at his shoulder, to urge him to get in.
"Don't you ever call him that again! Don't you ever touch him again! I'll  fucking kill you!" I screamed with all my might.
"Oh boy... you serious? And you wanted to tell me that because...?"
Sam covered his neck. He was bright red. "Uh, I did not… Well, I was hit on-"
"Where's Cas?" Jack asked, staring at Dean, interrupting his thoughts and inner self beating up. Dean pulled away from Sam and gulped.
"I don't want you to go" Dean states, as he hugged his knees and looked down at the mattress. "It's dangerous for an angel."
Joaquin laughed. "Remember that girl, Grace Burgess? That Cambell was so fond of?"
"I'm sorry Dee." Sam muttered, glancing angrily at her mother one last time before she turned, grabbed her things and left.
Cas nodded. "Sam made us after you returned. I also wanted to be able to talk to you... I really like talking to you".
Dean giggled and nodded. "We sure can..." he gently stood up and started undressing himself.
Cas' eyes closed, with no intention of opening again.
"Cas huh?" Sam asked intrigued ad he sat on an armchair. "Well he was freaked out when we talked earlier. He worries about you"
Castiel felt his eyes prickle with tears;  it had been a while since he felt this familiar feeling inside him, someone trust him, someone considering him family. He smiled softly and bowed his head.
Jack approached the brothers curiously, tilting his head. Dean felt his heart being stabbed millions of times. He tried not to look at Jack for long.
Castiel looked around for Sam, with no result. He looked at Dean who was sitting heavily on the bed, whispering the word "Demons" under his teeth.
"What the fuck, redeem herself? How about all those years? You never called or texted or even send a fucking letter! You never wondered how I am, or if I've food or a roof on my head! All those years I was alone and I did it just fine okay? I sure as hell don't need her and I don't need you! You did nothing to defend your own sister! Have you ever defended yourself, I wonder? Do you always comply, like the good soldier you're? Do you ever do your own thing? Do you even have friends Dee? A boyfriend? Does she let you to?"
Cas rolled his eyes dramatically, sighing. "Dean didn't gave me his permission for this. I can't touch him if he doesn't want me to…" Sam chuckled ironically. "Believe me Cas. Dean wants you to touch him more than you believe."
Dean nodded. "Seems like it... okay then. Case solved" he smirks and grabs Cas by the tie, kissing him deeply. Cas squeals happily; he gently pushes him off.
"And what's your name again? Your face seems familiar..." Arthur frowned, tilting his head, as he glared at the boy.
Castiel looked down his shoes. He couldn't face Dean, he was so afraid what would he see if he did. His eyes still on the ground, he called his name. The beloved name, that belonged to the man who made him feel…alive and loved.
"It's a no then."
"Are you okay Dean?" Cas asked confused and concerned and terrified. Dean nodded and held on the angel's shoulders standing up. "I just felt…a kick, deep in my guts". Cas frowned as he made him sit on a chair and kneeled in front of him. He raised his hand, uncovering Dean's swollen belly and touched the bump on his best friend's stomach. He frowned as he felt a kick himself. One kick, two kicks… He concentrated more, closing his eyes. That was impossible…
He gingerly stood up and held Dean's hand, not even battling an eye to the others of the company as they walked to the backstage rooms. Castiel opened his door and pushed Dean inside. As he settled down on a couch, Cas locked the door and sat on his lap, kissing down his neck, feeling the boy's crotch getting harder... and harder. He wasn't definately straight. Cas doubted he ever had a boner like that with his fiancée.
When they reached the Solomons Estate, both men felt a tremble. They shared a glance as they left their horses at the stable and knocked on the door, which was opened by a batler, they supposed. The tall elder man nodded and let them pass, the moment they said their names. "Mr Lafitte is waiting for you"
"Do you remember…that witch case we had a few weeks ago?" Sam nodded slowly, waiting for him to continue.
She left and Cas kept watching her walking away before he entered the room, badge in hand. "Good evening, Agent Murphy, I'd like to ask you a few questions..."
"Ha ha. Hilarious." Dean answered. "I've seen you almost naked, Samuel and I don't think it's the nicest thing I've ever seen in the morning, unless you mean me."
"Hey!" Sam walked quickly over him, looking curiously at the passenger's seat. The empty passenger's seat. "Dean!"
"What about me?" Jack asks, standing up as well immediately. "I want to help"
When Dean left, Finn and Sam walked into the room. Finn smiled at his brother as he took off his coat and hat. “Isn’t it too late for an old man like you, Tom?”
"Ha! That would suit you a lot, wouldn't it, Dean? We were fucking and he was into it. I've made him scream and writhe in my arms, which you will never do."
"Whoa, whoa, hold on a second, angel" Dean exclaimed, looking at his best friend. "I'm a man. I can't deliver. How the hell am I supposed to give birth to…my children?"
Dean's expression changed from playful to angry. "I deserved it, huh?" he asked, looking darkly at the angel.
"Who said that?" Sam looked up from his breakfast; he'd swore he heard someone cursing.
Back on the road, the two angels wandered around the city when a silk black car stopped just in front of them. Gabriel seemed so happy when she saw the two girls into the car.
Castiel nodded. "Yes. I will work there as a bartender. They have their meetings there. I would be able to hear everything". He immediately stands up and goes to the Chief's office.
The silence was so loud, but it was comfortable. He kept sketching on the pad maniacally. I was wondering how did I looked through his eyes, I was dying to see myself through his eyes...
"Why are you h-holding my h-hands?" Cas smiled warmly, looking up to the hunter. He turned his body and faced his green eyes. Dean almost fainted from the blueness of the Angel's eyes.
“I want you two to keep an eye on him. And that’s an order. Do you hear me?”
"Mhm?" Joannah grunted, around a mouthful.
Gabriel smiled heavenly. "Ah, you were amazing, Sammich. So gentle and soft and then… So rough and dominant… Shit it was the best sex of my life and believe me I've had enough sex to know that" he said smugly.
One night that Dean was longing for him, he appeared in his room. "Hello, Dean" Cas said in his steady, deep voice. Dean woke up with a tremble. "Shit, Cas, I've told you to not appear like that!"
Dean bit his lip uneasily. He couldn’t tell his boss the truth. He swallowed hard, trying to think quickly. Meanwhile, Thomas had poured some whiskey on a glass for him too and offered to him. Dean drank the liquid alcohol in two large gulps. “Thank you” he whispered. “Sir I want you to know… all I did was for your own protection. I didn’t thought… Dmitri told me about that… he asked me to not talk to you because… because his life was in danger, we all know that. The bartenders mostly are in danger, since they listen too much.  And you tend to be… reckless sir. I’m sorry.” He looked down at his polished shoes.
He hugged me so tightly and so strongly that I almost felt all my pieces come together and find their place.
"Wait till I color this" Cas said. I smiled.
"What are you doing, Ada? We're supposed to getting married tomorrow?" Dean squints, almost angry but kinda relieved Ada wasn't exactly that much into that wedding either.
Castiel blushed furiously as he thought about all the sinful things he'd like to do with Dean later. Dean smirked as the thoughts flooded into his head and winked. "Classy. I like it."
Dean's face lightened in happiness. This was far more than he expected for the night.
"I don't know. To be honest, these Shelbys are a pain in the ass. Major Cambell was right..."
The hunter and the Nephilim turned; the form of the demon Meg confronted them. She noticed them eyeing her. "What can I say... Clarence likes that meatsuit... But I suppose, Dean, especially you, know that better than anyone, don't you, pizza man?" She winked at him.
Dean's mouth fell in agape, when he opened the motel's room and looked around. The bathroom's door was opened and there was sulfur everywhere.
Dean frowned, looking at him weirdly as Cas tilted his head, waiting.
He was such an ass! Why he was overthinking things, when they were absolutely perfect? What if God and all his children were against this? He was happy, he was making another person happy, what was the matter?
"Dean, don't you dare…" But he had already hung up. Sam cursed under his teeth and prepared himself some coffee. There it was when he decided to go and check on theirbathroom quest. He knocked the door in disbelief. Maybe Ruby had found an escape from the room. When he heard her yelling, he smiled to himself. The slut was still in there.
Gabriel smirked. "Not bachelor for long" When Sam blushed, Gabriel continued. "I don't want to interrupt the couple. Also…" He pulled Sam on the bed. "We could spent our time together, making up for lost time, don't you think?"
"Not yet" Castiel's voice sounded. Dean's eyes, which were down on his feet, were now on Cas' face. "He's okay with me, don't worry."
"What am I - yeah. Now you play it all innocent?" Dean rolls his eyes, approaching the angel even more. "You never learn, do you? You never realised that, to me, you're more than a hammer. More than a weapon. More than even a fuckin' friend. You're family, Cas. And even more than that." The hunter held the angel's hands into his own. He smiled softly. "Yet, there you're, always doing the stupid thing. Always. Never thinking about yourself. Did you ever thought that we might care for you more than you care about yourself?"
Castiel sat next to him. He hugged his shoulders, trying to comfort him. Then it was when he noticed the ripped piece of paper on the blanked of the bed. There were a word and a monogram written on it.
"At least give me some damn clothes, asshole!" he heard her screaming but he ignored her, as he sat on the desk and done some research, waiting for his brother to come home.
Tommy offered Dean a seat while they walked into his office and closed the door. "Would you like a drink?" the Shelby asked while he poured some Irish whiskey for himself; Dean shook his head. "Please no. Thank you, Sir".
"Well, if it's a trap, you'll kill me. You're more powerful than me, aren't you?" Azrael winked. Castiel rolled his eyes and texted Dean. "Lusty Leopard. Now."
The rest of the day seemed to go easy and untroubled. They all ate happily around the dining room's table, Sam had cooked Spaghetti Pesto, with a green sauce. Gabriel rolled his eyes. "Come on baby. Enough with your green obssession." He chuckled and with a snap of his fingers he turned the healthy Pesto food in red sauce plate.
The book Sam was holding fell from his hands as he made a move to embrace her. "Eileen! Is that you?"
After a while, Uriel, the most arrogant Angel alive, approached them. Castiel hated that guy so much.
Gabriel laughed. "No, Sammich. As I told you it's what I do. Now shush, unless you want me to kick you out"
"Cas, what's wrong?" Cas snapped looking at Dean. He realized the hunter had asked him a thing and he hadn't answered. He breathed heavily closing his eyes. "I just have this…bad feeling." Dean shrugged and turned around. Immediately, he felt a slight pain in his stomach and screamed terrified, almost falling on the floor. Cas stood up immediately, catching him. Their eyes connected, lips licked and Dean's breath hitched on his throat.
Dean tasted Cas' mouth desperately, trying to memorize the angel's taste. Castiel's lips had the taste of pie and apples and…carrots? It was a nice taste, though. Now Castiel had another taste on his mouth: Dean's.
Rowena smiled and stroked his hair. "A little bird told me you're looking for someone".
He walked over the Garrison; it was early. Only 7 in the morning. People were deluging the pub around noon for a beer or a snack or even some coffee. In the afternoon, Castiel was serving many couples who were having a date; it was kind of cute. Blushy smiles over a cup of rose tea for the women and a glass of whiskey for the men. Cas wished many times he was in those tables with Dean, on a date, their fingers entagled as they sipped their drinks. Then, they would go to Dean's house - or his, Castiel really wouldn't care - and have sex all night long. Castiel was craving the days when he'd be able to wake next to Dean, share a bed with Dean, make breakfast and dinner for him...
"And after Sammy" Dean said and smiled softly looking at the bump. Castiel grinned. "How you know it's a boy and a girl?" he tilted his head to one side like he did everytime he was confused or didn't understand. Dean chuckled and couldn't hold himself back from thinking that Cas was looking adorable right now. "I can feel them. I can feel two different genders inside of me" Dean answered as his eyes fell from the angel's eyes on the angel's lips. "I want to do this. I need them out."
When Castiel finished his narration, he burst into tears. Dean kissed his forehead and stroked his hair. “My darling…” Dean whispered. “You’re safe… don’t worry…” Castiel nodded and leaned into Dean’s arms.
One day, Dean woke up, a bad feeling on his guts. He shook Castiel's shoulder, who was looking at space, unconscious. Angels couldn't sleep, but his angel preferred to be lost in his mind until Dean woke up.
"I'm Sonia. What's yours?"
Dean pulled back, sitting on a barstool. "Mr Shelby - Thomas" he greeted, then gave Grace a charming smile and kissed her hand. "My lady... gorgeous as always"
"Good morning, Samoose" the body whispered and pulled him down for a kiss. Sam's eyes remained open and wide.
Castiel smiled. Dean smiled back. The brotherhood between them was so obvious.
"I tried to make a joke... Mr Shelby" Dean smiled.
And there, before their eyes appeared Eileen, in flesh and bones.
Castiel was holding his champange glass, sipping it slowly, looking around shyly; after he wished happy birthday to his boss and complimented his wife - Grace was indeed gorgeous, she'd be able to turn a gay man straight for her with that dress -  he wandered around, hoping he'd spot Dean into the crowd.
"Sam open the damn door!" she demanded.
"I'm about to... fucking come Cas, son of a- shit. Cas I'm about to fucking come. Can I come inside of you please?"
"Come on. Continue until you come" Cas thrusted in and out a few times before feeling his member getting soft and hot pleasure spilling into Dean's body. Dean moaned and clinged onto him, before relaxing on the bed, pulling Cas down with him.
"We shall love each other. Although I feel a strange dejavu..."he smiled slyly, and I rolled my eyes at him.
Meanwhile, Sam and Gabriel were going out at bar, drinking, hunting and having sex. They were so happy for their newfound love, Sammy finally felt alive, his heart beating, not in sadness mourn and nostalgia. He had finally found someone, whose his love could compare to Jess'. Sam felt like the first days with Jess, he could barely see her behind his eyelids smiling to him, being happy for him. He was sure Jess would be happy that he had continued living instead of dying in sourness because of her death.
"Hello, Dean" she said. "It's been a while."
When the boys left, Thomas called a number. The other caller answered it immediately. “Hello Moss, it’s Thomas Shelby. I want you to tell me everything you know about somebody named Dmitri Krushnic.”
"I want you so fucking bad..." I whispered into his ear. "So. Fucking. Bad. I think of you whenever i..." I stared into his eyes, blushing crimson. "Only you"
"You're stupid" Dean pouts and kisses him deeply. Before he fell asleep, he heard the angel letting a tiny giggle.
"I love you and care about you. Very very much. But I'm not selling my body for money Sam. Not anymore. What happened... I'm just begging you to forgive me"
Castiel stroked his face. “Dean” he mumbled. Dean turned his head so he could watch him. “I know it’s not fair but when life was fair anyways? I lost my dad because of them. And they got your brother. And Benny… I hope he’s in a better place now. But is there any point at mourning right now? We’re free. We’re together. We can do whatever the fuck we want… together. Away from everyone and everything” he kisses him deeply. “I love you, Dean Winchester. I’m grateful for this case, because it brought me to you”
"I'm glad to hear it. Let's make a toast. To business and love affairs that go wrong but don't affect us."
Beautiful Castiel lowered his eyes on the floor, like he was ashamed or something.
"...the Sabini is gaining power, Tommy." Dean heard Alfie saying. "We should do something about it."
Christmas were rolling up; the Garrison pub was always full with people these days. The Shelbys were throwing parties and receptions so the place was always crowded.
"Um…" Sam listened the hesitance on his brother's voice. "I-I have to keep my eyes on the road. See you in a while, bye!"
Dean started rolling his hips down the angel's, feeling his hard dick through his pants. "You still wanna go all alone angel?" Dean smirked, biting his lip as he kept pushing his hips down at Cas'.  "Having all those girls hitting on you? That's a no no. I'm coming with you..."
"We went to a strip club as you instructed and a worker there told us there's a girl men prefer the most... so we thought we'd go later and see for ourselves."
"Who're you? What do you want? I'm armed!"
Everyone were on the Great Hall, except Dean. Cas' eyes were looking around for him, without a result. When he stood up to go to their dorm, Anna looked at him curiously.
The next morning, Castiel woke up early. He had a quick bath and rushed to the Police Station; he was supposed to give his weekly report. He wasn't sure if he wanted to quit, leave the case or keep doing this... he sure as hell wasn't. He knocked on the Chief's door, his stomach dancing, moving inside him anxiously.
"Why you're here? I thought mom forbid you to contact me ever again - she said I'm bad influence"
"Well I wanted to surprise you... they say Santa Claus is coming on Christmas Eve but for you angel... for being so naughty... he sent his naughty assisant..."
"I'm not His fucking child!" Dean yelled beneath his teeth. "There's no God! And if there is, he doesn't give a crap about us or the angels! He's away, having fun with mojitos while everything on Earth is breaking down!"
"I'll do it myself because I'm so impatient now but... if we ever meet again... I want you to do it". Castiel looks directly into his eyes, his voice husky and deep, making Dean's body shiver.
His mind was full of all the fantasies he had through the years about Castiel; Cas was able to hear and see. The angel moaned. "Dean!"
Castiel chuckled softly, nodding, his cheeks slowly turning a soft shade of pink. "Of course, Mr Shelby."
The Empty frowned, the expression deforming Meg's pretty face. "A deal is a deal. He gave himself for the kid. I can go and take him instead-"
“I see… so you followed him from the bar to a grocery shop and then… several visits to your house, Samuel?”
Suddenly, the wall in front of them opened and a black shadow or smoke appeared in front of them. Cas stood up, tugging Dean along; none of them seemed to be bothered that they were totally naked. "You came"
"I can show you how those human hormones can take control over you, too." Dean teased and leaned to kiss softly Castiel's lips. Castiel quickly pulled back, embarrassed from what they were doing in front of Dean's brother, but Dean wasn't going to surrender so easily. He bit softly Cas' lower lip and touched his wings, the spot he knew it could make Cas moan so easily. So that's what happened. A slight noise came out of the angel's mouth, making him blush deeply, Dean burst into laughter and Sam roll his eyes. Castiel pulled back and threw an apologetic glance at the younger Winchester.
"I'm no angel, Dean" Cas huffed while he nipped at his neck.
They make out for a while and Dean gently pushes a finger in Cas' anus. "Is that okay? Or you'd like to do it?"
Castiel hummed, thinking about it a little. "How about… Deanna? After her father, who she looks after so much?"
Castiel touched his slapped cheek and looked curiously at Anna. "Why you did this?" he asked innocently. Anna crossed her arms on her chest and threw a serious glance on her brother.
As soon as Dean kisses Cas goodbye and promises to see him again, he goes back to their table, which is empty. Sam and the others might be home or worse... on another club. Dean was afraid Sam might get involved with drugs or whatever... and he was too young for these shit. He was just 17. Dean should have been with him... Hoped John was the mature of them and held his brother out of drugs.
Dean raised the angel blade at her. "Where the hell is Cas?"
It was Cas. Brand new on his old vessel.
They parted, both with red cheeks. "Of course" Sam interposed. "Sorry."
Castiel was helping her, talking to her, trying all he could to be useful and pleasant. He believed he had a share of responsibility for what happened. I hastened to inform him that such a thing was not true.
Sam rolled his eyes. "Just… Come back to bed"
"I told you why. She helps desperate people who're in love. She probably felt you and Cas' pining... Okay so visit any brothel and strip club you might find, for starters. Aphrodite is fed off also on lust."
"Nobody, Sam, what the hell. Are you hearing voices?" Dean joked, his attention at his not so interesting cereals.
Dean pressed his lips together and frowned. "You heard us, huh?"
Sam raised an eyebrow. "You?" The angel gave him a smirk. "I'm the angel of the babies, sugar. I thought you knew that"
"Wha-what's the name of yours?" Dean stuttered, his hands immediately grabbing on the guy's hair; they were softer than Dean expected.
The moment the men left, Alfie stood up and grabbed the telephone, dialing Tommy's home number. "Tommy? It's me, Alfie. I think your boy, Dmitri is lying."
Fuck. Dean bites his lip hard, shivering. "I love it when you talk to me like that"
Castiel lets Dean kiss him and melts into it. Even if he was mad at him, he kept needing the tenderness and the kisses. "Get ugly?"
He was nearly on tears when he tried to face his brother. "Please, Dean" he begged. "I- I can explain everything…"
"So impatient" he said, biting his bottom lip. He laid on my body and kissed me, demandingly and maniacally.
Dean shook his head. "Nope. With my little brother. Mom and dad are back home, in Kansas. We came here for business. When I've enough money I'll travel back home, settle down, even get married..." he shrugs, noticing Cas' sad eyes. Fuck. "Or maybe we could travel. Together, you and I. We could buy a nice ship and travel around the world. Just you, me, the sea... would you like that?"
Dean blushed and unbuttoned his shirt, offering his children his swollen nipples.
"No, I thank you. You gave me a family when I was sure I would never have one with the life I've. But now.." He smiled down at the babies, who were sleeping peacefully against his chest. "Now I've something more to fight for. Our little family, with the angel dad and the angel uncle and the tall Sammy. That's all we have and I'll fight for it"
Dean snorted and grabbed Sam; he seemed pretty unconscious. “What happened?”
Cas pouts. "I'd never imply you're a prostitute, Dean. I know what is happening at this very moment is for both our pleasure and I -"
Castiel returned the smile and nodded. "On it's way".
"You sure you'll be okay?" Dean asked as Cas unlocked the door to his apartment. Castiel nodded. "I just hope everything goes according to the plan. If Tommy actually believes Alfie, I'll buy myself some time. I can't betray them, there's no point since Arthur Sr is dead.  And Tommy... he trusts me. I can't do this to him... I think I might... I'll go and tell Chief I quit from the case, since I've no clues..."
"That's the hundredth chick you bang in a month, dude" he chuckled and high-fived the tall man.
"You guys sure everything is okay?" Sam was on the phone with Dean, talking about the case, with a book in front of him; he had a weird feeling about this case.
Dean raised an eyebrow and kept looking on the road. He remained silent, without even commenting on what the Angel said. He threw a careful glance at the Angel's appearance. He couldn't even admit to himself, he liked the old vessel.
"Hello, Sam"
"Nobody should ever find out about this." he told me, serious. I nodded once. I wasn't stupid. First, I would never hurt Sammy and second, having something forbidden is exciting, right?
"Uh, listen ma'am" he started politely. "You need to let me go. I'm not your husband."
"Castiel" Dean held onto his hands tighter and pulled him closer. Their mouths were inches apart. "The angel who loved humanity." Dean leaned and gently pressed their lips together.
Dean nodded. "If I will, will you help Sam?"
Sam, Dean's brother, was already outside Dean's room, all dressed up. He was wearing a two piece suit, black, with a burgundy red tie. His hair were sleeked back, the sides shaved, as usual. Dean whistled.
"This game has two players, babe" I told him playfully, biting gently at his lobe.
"Castiel likes Dean a lot, I see" Jack hums. "I think they might... well get it on while they're alone"
Castiel nodded, closing his eyes. "That's why I am here."
Dean sighed and closed his eyes. "It was awesome. You were awesome" he kissed him softly on the lips.
I was looking for an apartment and a job, living there with them one month already. I wanted my own house, my personal space. Even if I had all the fucking space in the world, I couldn't hear their sex noises. So. Loud! Cas was probably doing it so Sam wouldn't realize a thing or he was truly in love with him. I didn't knew... Jealousy was eating me alive. day by day.
Castiel shook her head to clear her mind.
"I think what we've is more than a casual term like this can describe, Dean" Castiel answered to his thoughts. "You and I
Dean appeared at the Lusty Leopard an hour or so later, after the weird text he received from Cas. He hated that demanding tone of the message, but deep down he was finding it kinda hot. Cas and his dom brow, raised, his lips pursed lips, his tight jaw, his blue, demanding eyes. Dean felt his crotch getting harder and his pants getting tighter...
"Why are you doing this? The people we found... they were ripped inside out. They were... in pieces. And they didn't seemed happy in the least" Castiel frowned, feeling his angel blade down his sleeve. "Take me to her."
"We have the whole night, Angel…" he whispered to his ear, kissing his neck.
Dean nodded. "Yes, Sir. I understand. I just... may I speak with you like... in private?"
"Okay, thanks Bobby"
He watched Sam moving above him in almost a brutal pace, his face screwed up in a maliceful expression. He was screaming for hours, like it seemed, but soon he couldn’t hear his own voice. He surrendered and laid down like a broken doll, hoping this would end soon.
A few moments passed without feeling anything and Dean opened his eyes. Cas was gone. Dean closed his eyes sighing deeply and he fell backwards on the couch, trying to catch his breath.
The stripper huffed. "Guys like her. They always want to get a dance from her. They end up coming only for her but after a month or so they disappear. We never asked or wondered why. It's just that patrons come and go and we don't care much. We only want their money, after all." she shrugs.
Soon, there was Thomas' birthday. The day before, he walked into the pub with his brother, Finn, who had recently turned 18; he had to get involved in business more and more. Finn was a nice, tall and skinny boy, with a friendly smile and freckles. His hair were cut and styled the way Peaky Blinders liked it; it suited him.
“Good. And now off you go to bed. You’ve work to do tomorrow.”
Castiel flied back to Heaven. The faces in front of him were angry, scared, terrified. Angels were preparing for the Apocalypse, he guessed. In a quick search, Castiel found Anna, a red-head Angel and approached her. Anna's face changed when she saw him.
Dean squints. "So now I'm the easy human target? Fuck off!"
A week had passed before Castiel realized it. He was so happy here; he was waking up every day, went to the estate, Dean by his side, they helped around with the animals and the crops. Sometimes, he and Dean would lay down on the grass and get some rest. Some other times they’d take the horses and ride down the lake. There, they’d get naked and jump into the water. Those were Cas’ favorite moments; they were kissing each other, naked, into the water, their bodies mingled while the cool droplets ran down their skin.
"Dean! Godfuck... Dean! De-"
Both men were sweaty, even the angel had stated before that he "doesn't sweat, under any circumstances". Well, seemed like sex was a circumstance that made the angel sweat.
It was almost a plea.
Dee blushed. "You know we miss you. You know mom wants to redeem herself. She wants -"
"Yes, sir" Dean nodded and took off Cas' clothes, pulled his pants down desperately and pulled off his shirt, almost ripping it off of him. Dean moaned as the angel was bared in front of him. He had a scratch on his left bicep, which seemed fresh and healthy. Hopefully, Eileen had taken good care of Cas.
Castiel's moans could be heard from far away. Dean was smiling as he unbuttoned the angel's shirt, untied his tie and touched the skin on his back. From the angel's lips escape a sound of pleasure. Castiel blushed and put his hand onto his mouth, trying to calm the noises. His skin was flushed, his eyes dark with lust. "D-Dean…" he whispered. "M-my wings… D-don't tease them…"
Then, in a beautiful pinky glow, a tall, gigantic like figure appeared and the most beautiful woman they had ever seen stood before them. The woman had long blonde hair and she was wearing a pink tunic, which covered most of her body and ended beneath her knees. She was also wearing golden sandals. Her face was unique; blue eyes, pink full lips and a flawless, pinky skin. The woman groaned as Azrael caught her attention. "Did you finally got them? I told you I need two hearts of two lovers who're madly in love with each other so we could perform the spell..."
For days all he did was reading; nothing distracted him. He had almost forgotten his sorrow and was concentrated on a purpose, to find the spell that would let them to enter the Empty and take back their friend.
"Are you ready, Dean? It's almost time! They're waiting for us!"
The slap echoed into the empty living room. Sam looked up at his brother, in shock. “What… what did you…”
“Shh.” Castiel kissed him softly. “My love. I’m glad you’re with me. You wouldn’t be able to do nothing more. It’s okay..” he smiles and strokes his face. “We’re free now and we… we can be together…”
"Sammy and Cassie." He said looking into the angel's eyes. When Cas blushed and looked at him, Dean felt something swirling into his guts, like he was going to get sick. And it was weird cause he hadn't nauseas yet.
Dean frowned as her glance fell on Castiel. Dean looked at him as well. "Cas what is she sayin'?" Castiel sighed as he mouthed "I'm sorry" to Dean and rushed over Meg, stabbing her in the face. The other demons screamed and attacked. Dean faced his brother many times, trying not to hurt him.
His mother smiled and stroked his hand. She had missed her son terribly. As she watched him in the table, eating, drinking, talking with his uncles, aunts and siblings, she noticed the way the other man’s eyes always lingered on her son for a little bit more. The American was quite handsome and as her son informed her, he was a lawyer.
Gunpowder? And leather? And apple pie? Those things were characterizing Dean the most. He used guns with his father; his favourite jacket was from leather; and everyone at Hogwarts knew about his obsession with the pies, especially the apple ones.
"What the hell are you doing here?" Sam asked, looking her sister up and down; she hadn't changed. She was a beautiful woman now. Her face wasn't round, as Sam remembered. She now had a hard jawline and defined cheekbones. She was flawless. Sam pitied every man that crossed her path.
Sam frowned. "What are you doing in here? If you are alive you should be hiding. Why you decided to appear now?" He asked suspiciously.
Dean groans again, his hands gripping Castiel's. "I'm okay with anything just… Get them out!" Another pained scream.
Dean wasn't angry. He was so damn horny before and the angel made it worse. Also, his big belly made it difficult for him to move or do anything. So Dean relaxed on the couch and jerked himself off, thinking of Cas touching him, kissing him, holding him, pounding into him, taking such a good care of him…
To be able to bring Cas back from the Empty, he had to be turned back to human; Dean had to take his Grace away from him so the Empty would release him. But Cas didn't cared. The moment he returned was emotional, especially for Dean. Dean would cry and beg for forgiveness, because he felt responsible for Cas' death. But the ex angel would never let his human feel responsible for a choice of his. After they talked and sorted it out, Dean came clean about his feelings and told him he loved him too. Eileen, on the other hand, the moment Jack brought them all back to normal, called Sam and drove to the bunker the fastest she could. After an epic kiss, they were locked into Sam's bedroom for several hours that day. Nobody questioned it, it was normal.
Dean smiled as a tear escaped from his own eye as well.
Back at the bunker, the guys were having some fun; Eileen was guessing what was on Sam and Jack's minds.
"Oh but I know you, Dean" she leans closer, ethereal. "I know what you want and I will give it to you... I'll give you a gift..."
Dean nodded and kissed him softly, lifted on his tiptoes. "I wanted to tell you that…" He bit his lip. "I'd like to have more nights like last night with you, if you want"
Dean moved and Castiel threw his head back, wrapping his legs around him as he felt the guy
"Such a pretty name... So, Dean... Why don't you lay me down and have your way with me hm?" Castiel suggests, biting his lip.
Hearing the fluttering of wings, they turned to see Jack standing before them. "All prepared?" he asks. "Chuck haven't realised a thing. I saw him sitting in a cafeteria, playing a guitar... Lucifer was with him..."
"I can't hold back anymore. Fuck, I want you"
"Wait, you just said you fucked Cas?" Sam asked curiously. Dean sighed, for a millionth time this hour, his face hidden in his hands. "Yes, Sammy, that's what I said. Ten fucking minutes ago."
"Take off of my clothes and take me, please, I can't stand this anymore." Castiel begged. His dick was painfully hard and he pathetically rolled his hips against Dean's, trying to maintain some friction.
Cas sighed in desperation and walked nervously up and down in front of Dean. To be honest, looking at the angel and his nervous walk, made Dean nauseus. "It's an angelic spell for reproduction of angels. The witch must have been really ancient" Cas whispered. "This spell sends the object of your affection into your dreams and you have sexual intercourse with him or her. Then the angel -or a person- who saw the dream has a weird bump for months. The spell is completed when the couple has sex so.." Cas shrugged. "We should have sex or you'll have your children inside of you forever".
Castiel smiled softly at his lover. “That man, my beloved sister, is the love of my life.
Sam laughed to himself and stood up. He needed a really good bath to start the day and think. Under the hot water, his head and thoughts cleared. He wouldn't become evil. He would stop drinking demonic blood. He would stop the demons from raising Lucifer. He was a hunter, dammit!
"I don't understand why your sister cares so much about my sexual partners" Dean exclaimed. They were on the Impala, trying to find the place were the demons and Sam were. "I mean… we had that one-night stand once… She can't still want me!"
Dean blushed and nodded. “She wasn’t… that wake when I first met her”
Now, Castiel was able to look at the woman more closely; she was watching her Father’s masterpiece for sure. Lips full and pink, like Botticelli’s Venus. She hand blond hair, down to her breasts. Her neck was long and swan line. Her nose tiny and scrunched up, oh so cutely. Her eyes big and green, under a pair of thick eyelashes. Castiel noticed the woman was blushing, her breath was getting in and out of her shallowly, her chest going up and down with every breath.
"So… twins? Will you give one of them my name?" Sam said enthusiastically. All he could think it was that he would become an uncle and he was very happy about it.
"Baby?" Her girlfriend, Jessie Moore shook her gently.  "Shall we go and check this out? I'm scared"
He blushed at the thought and stood up, wearing Cas' shirt and a pair of boxers. He walked over the mirror and looked himself into it. Big, glooming eyes, a wide smile on his face, his lips swollen and bitten, like his neck, which had six blossoming, amazing, beautiful love marks. He imagined Cas marking him and pressed his thighs together, trying to calm himself. I wonder what he did to my thighs, he thought and sighed, walking over the kitchen, where a grumpy Sammy greeted him.
"Dean, darling?" she grabbed her robe and wore it; she was indeed very much naked, more than Dean actually wanted to see. "What are you doing here?"
"Fucking myself with you" Dean smirked and kissed him deeply, bouncing up and down, biting at Cas' lips and scratching his shoulders. He pushed his back on the bed, scratching his chest and kissing it. After a while, he whispered into his ear "I want you to worship my body with your lips"
Dean giggles and kisses him back. "I'm flattered."
"I'm a little bit old for college, don't you think?" he asked adorably. I shrugged. "How old are you?"
"You've no idea" the hunter smirked and rolled his hips against Castiel's fully clothed crotch. The moan that erupted his throat could break the windows and every glassy object in the room. "That's my boy..." Dean hissed into his ear as he kissed his neck and touched him everywhere.
Dean frowns. "Aphrodite cursed us to expose our thoughts? Why?"
"Dean, your mind is very... vulgar" Cas whispered, eyeing the hunter confused. This curse was a torture for Castiel; he knew thoughts might be there and real, Dean might want him too but desicions could change any minute... Dean might want Cas this moment and the next few seconds run behind the shortest skirt that might turn him on. Cas looked at Dean and sighed. His thoughts turned vulgar too, his mind, affected by Dean's thoughts was taking... darker paths. All Cas could thing about was Dean's body, naked in the midday's sun in a hot summer; in Eden's fields, under a cherry tree. Dean would be laid underneath the tree's shadow, sleeping, while Castiel was watching over him, Dean's head on his lap, the angel's fingers playing with Dean's soft hair. Dean would wake up and drag Cas over the lake. They'd swim; the angel would swim naked as well, he wouldn't have any reason to be ashamed. They'd kiss; Dean would pull Cas closer, he'd kiss him hard, their bodies would mingle and -
"Are you okay?" Dean whispered on Castiel's ear, stroking his hair. Castiel looked deep in his eyes, his smile wide.
Dean did as he was asked and walked slowly over the bar, laying his hat on the surface. "I was thinking about... everything you told me last night... It's really serious. I mean... you're endangering yourself with this... role you're playing. Both sides. But which side are you really, Cas?"
"Sam!"
"What's going on here, Sammy?" he asked. "I swear, I really don't understand a thing."
The demons laughed and celebrated the captivity of Sam Winchester all night. Next morning, Sam woke up by a slight pain in his ribs. He felt liquids making his skin sticky. What was going on? All he could remember was himself entering the bathroom were Ruby was kept. Somehow she managed to escape the devil's trap. Then, he felt something heavy hitting him and he lost his senses.
"We solved the problem?" he said ironically. "You asked me to raise Lucifer, which means everybody I know and love and every single person in this damn world, actually, will end up dead or worse. So, we didn't solve the problem."
The chuckle wasn't something he was expecting. "Were you a good boy, or a naughty one? Because Santa will punish you if you were bad. And I believe you were such a bad, bad angel..."
Castiel smiled kindly to Sam and turned to leave, but Sam stood up and stopped him. "Don't worry about me. Both of you" continued, turning his eyes from the Angel and staring at his brother. "I'll be fine."
"I knew you had something good in you, after all." he whispered.
Dean nods, biting his lower lip. "That's what I thought..."
Sam tried to remember even one happy memory with her mom and sister; she couldn't remember even one. It were only hunts, the endless road and the three of them. That's what she always knew.
The man was daydreaming behind the bar, while he cleaned the dirty glasses from last night and the soft melody of a beloved's voice overwhelmed his ears. He raised his eyes and his face was split with his wide smile.
"Your crazy ex? I'm her sister!" Dee rolled her eyes fondly. "And you are...her best friend right?"
The tall Blinder smirked into the dark. “I’m not here to beat you up, Castiel. Actually… Mr Shelby gave me a present. He gave me what I most wanted, for what I did; for exposing the snitches.”
The man stared back at me, grinning. "She moved into a little apartment a block away from here. Sammy didn't wrote that to you?"
"I need to… I need to have a shower" Sam muttered and grabbed a towel and a pair of boxers, heading to the bathroom.
Then Sam suddenly stood up, grabbing his hands. “Why don’t you want me?” he started crying, pushing him over a flat surface as they talked; Dmitri noticed they were in a dark alley behind the Pub. He started to panic.  “Why don’t you want me? You want my brother, is that it?” he growls, his face so close to Dmitri’s; he could smell his breath, reeking of alcohol and vomit. He pushed him off. “Get off of me!” he groaned, but Sam was stronger. He pressed his body close to his and leaned to his neck. “I bet I can fuck you better than he ever will… I promise you… just let me show you honey…” he slid his hands beneath Dmitri’s coat, stroking his body. Dmitri shivered, but it wasn’t a pleasant shiver. He pushed Sam off, who ended up against the other wall. “Get your fucking hands off of me!” he yelled and ran away. He ran with all his strength to Dean’s place and knocked on the door like a maniac.
The family had a big secret though; When Dee was only four and Sammy was just a little baby, their dad perished in a terrible fire, which destroyed their house. Since that incident, their mother snapped; from sweet and caring she turned a destruction machine. She was convinced that this fire wasn't normal and something supernatural was behind it, that's why they traveled all over the country, searching for something... When Dee was six, she was trained to become a hunter. "We'll hunt deers, mommy?" she asked, with her childlish innocence. Joannah chuckled; she stroked her daughter's blond head and kneeled to reach her height. "No, baby. We'll hunt things, but no deers."
Dee raised her eyes from her lap and swallowed hard; Sam noticed her green eyes were glossy with tears.
"32. I'm 4 years older than Sam" he stated.
Dean nodded simply. "That's right. After a few days I couldn't put my ass into my clothes and I still don't know why. I don't even eat that much."
Sam sighed. "So why aren't you to the other side of the corridor? Here's the bachelor's room"
For years they were traveling from town to town, changing schools and hunting, in the meantime. Joannah was so proud of Dee; at her twelve years, her gun never missed the target, she was able to do a perfect salt and burn and knew how to kill almost anything. Dee was also obedient and willing to follow orders without further questions. Soon she'd be able to stand on her own feet and hunt without Joannah by her side. One day, twelve year old Dee asked her mom why they hunt, what's the point since they wouldn't be able to protect the whole world. Joannah chuckled. "Oh my baby" she hugged her; the moments she was tender to her kids were so rare anymore. "One day, you'll be able to kill what got daddy away. Also friends all over the world, they're devoted to the cause. Me and you might not be able to be everywhere, but be sure as hell that people get the help they need". Dee wasn't sure she understood, but nodded obediently. "Yes, ma'am". she whispered. "Good girl" Joannah muttered.
17 days later, the ship arrived at the port. When they arrived at St. Petersburg, they hired a carriage to travel back to Castiel’s house. It took them an hour or so but soon Cas was fidgeting with happiness and anxiety that he’d see his family again. Natalia would be 16; Castiel hadn’t seen her for years. He wondered if she’d recognize him.
Castiel wiped his eyes when he finished the letter. Dean was faster; he had already finished it. “So it’s over” he whispered. Castiel smiled. “Yes. It’s over. We’re free” he hugged him and kissed him. The letter wasn’t mentioning Sam. It was for the best; Castiel wouldn’t like to know anyways. He hugged Dean tightly. “It’s okay Dean… everything we’ve been through… My love we deserve this…”
Dean winks and attachs one cuff on his own hand, then the other on Cas'. "There. Now it won't be able to take you - at least not without get through me first"
And suddenly his delicious juices errupted into Dean's mouth, some of it spilling out of his mouth and down hsi chin. Dean swallowed and wiped the come back into his mouth. He moaned. Fuck, Cas tasted better than any guy he had ever been with in his life.
"What are you doing to those poor men? Why are you killing them?"
John was already half wasted so clicked his glass again with Cas' and gulped half his champagne with one go. Castiel laughed. He could get used to this.
Dean leaned his forehead against Cas'. "I promise you, I'll be there for as long as you want me. I promise to get old, to have white hair and beard. I promise you that I'll die by your side, happy, contented. And I promise you we'll reunite back in Heaven. You and me and eternity."
"Baby, would you mind leave us for a while?" Sam asked Jessie, who nodded and walked out of the room.
"So you think they'll finally get their own shit together?" Sam asks casually.
“I need to tell you that… I visited Alfie Solomons… sir” he mumbled, entangling his fingers nervously.
They both laughed, in shame. After a few moments of silence, finally Dean break it.
"I knew this was going to happen" Sam stated while he and Eileen prepared their stuff for their trip; he was talking to Dean on the phone, his brows frowned. "I knew you would get caught. Only if you'd let me do some research..."
Dean lifted Cas's legs to his hips and kissed him deeply, licking the inside of his mouth, taking Cas' breath away. The ex angel surrendered to the feeling of being mated and claimed completely, feeling loved and needed. Dean was all he ever wanted and having him now felt like heaven.
After they spend the rest of the night on the bed, they eventually stood up to make some research. They had found demonic signals on the area; demonic possessions, thunders and massive killings. Also every night, a club or a bar was exploded. Dean and Cas were sure those were the demons. Also Sam was probably with them, if he was turned. Dean once asked Cas if Sam could be healed. Cas' answer was negative. He didn't knew. But he lied. He knew very well that to heal a demon needed to stab him with an angel blade which was soaked in angelic blood. To save Sam, he needed to die. And he wouldn't tell Dean, not until the last minute.
Thank you for your kudos also a comment would make my little heart beat faster! Thank you guys! xoxo
Dean felt uneasily for holding the Angel, when practically it didn't needed to. He was about to left him, but something stopped him. The Angel's hands. On his hands.
Castiel liked Sam Winchester. He was pure and clean, just like his aura. He was always good and polite with Castiel, he never was mean or disrespectful with the Angel. Sam Winchester was praying, he believed in God. Castiel didn't find it strange that His Father wanted to protect this righteous boy.
"To surprise you, of course. You know you're my favorite, Samquatch, don't you?" He smirked slyly. Sam raised his eyebrows in disbelief and Gabriel exhaled sharply. "Okay, Moosey. I came to see my brother. I'm gonna become an uncle, am I not?"
“Are you interested in helping us, my lady?” Gabriel smirked at the woman while fluttering her eyelashes and that moment Castiel knew the exact content of Gabriel’s thoughts. She wailed.
Dean nodded and did as Cas said, watching the glowing body beneath him. He touchedthe vein on Sam's neck. His pulse was steady, he was alive. But Cas…Dean laid Sam on the floor softly and pulled Cas into his embrace, crying, blood running down his body.
"N-No…" He whispered, pulling back. "I shouldn't lay on your belly. It's dangerous."
Upstairs, in the big room on their left, they saw Alfie and Benny, sitting on the couch, waiting for them. The room was a big old fashioned office. Wood was covering almost every surface, except the big bookcase in the corner. The fireplace was keeping the room warm.
Castiel held Eileen's hand as they walked inside the bunker, tired but contented with themselves; they defeated the nest of vampires quite easily. "You're such a talented partner. " Castiel signed for her and Eileen squealed happily. "You know how to sign?" she said.
"I can't believe you" Sam said. "After all I did for you, that's how you repay me? I took you from the streets, I gave you a place to live, safety, I gave you myself... it wasn't enough for you?"
His colleague, Joaquin asked, on a regular day at the office. Castiel sighed, sipping his coffee; he had the early shift, which meant shit because he was working late shift on the strip club.
, dumbass. Also I'm sorry I forgot you only have eyes for your hot dancer..."
Castiel stared at Dean, suddenly realising he had to act his role. "Oh. I'm sorry... yes" he shows the badge as well.
When he woke up, he felt a terrible pain on his guts and screamed. Castiel, Gabriel and Sam ran completely to his side, his mate kneeling next to him, his hand on Dean's forehead.
"Hello, boys."
attempted rape
Sammy snorted. "Shut up. Finn said Arthur is going to hire some hookers as waitresses for the night... is that true?"
Three days later and most of the boys in the bunker were sick; well the people who could get sick, apparently. Dean had a sore throat while Sam was coughing and having a fever. Castiel was trying to make them feel better while Jack was helping them. Both Winchester boys were in Dean's Den, wrapped in blankets and watching TV while the angel and the Nephilim were assisting them with some hot tea, chicken soup and fever pills.
Azrael snickered. "Oh, just wait for it handsome... just wait."
"Why don't you dress up as Santa?" Sam joked. "That'd be a surprise."
Dean sat beside him and held him into his arms, all while kissing his hair. “Nobody is going to touch you, Cas. I swear. I’m here, with you. Nothing is going to happen”
A few years later, Castiel got a sister; her name was Natalia and she was the most beautiful girl in the whole world. Castiel loved his sister the moment he saw her. He was 6 when she was born and almost cried when he saw her. Her little legs kicking, her little hands trying to catch him. He kissed her forehead and promised he'd never let anything bad happen to her.
As the days went by, Jack was acting more and more weirdly. It seemed as if his powers were slowly coming back.
Dean looked back at him sheepishly. “I’d talk to you – I was just looking for the right words…” he stirred a little the food he was cooking and then walked over the dining room, sitting down on a chair.
"The fuck you're saying? Cancel the whole thing! You're fuckin' insane!"
"Dean.." he whispered, his palms on Dean's shoulders, stroking, comforting. Dean looked away, tears of wrath making their appearance. Castiel sighed and lifted the hunter's chin up, his voice calm and sure.
From anxious it turned happy and relieved. It was obvious she was waiting for him to come. She screamed his name in awe and hugged him tightly. Cas looked behind her back, the other Angels who were looking at them. They seemed worried. When Anna freed him from her embrace, her eyes were full in tears. "Oh, Castiel. The Angels are talking about how Sam Winchester will open Hell's gate and how God protects him. Is all true?"
In front of him was a very much alive Gabriel!
Into their rooms, both angels took turns using the bathroom and the shower. Castiel took the longest shower, watching her body, hearing Cassandra’s voice inside her head.
"I'm fine, Dean." Castiel answered, his eyes flashing beautifully. "Better than fine, actually." He leaned onto Dean and rested his face onto Dean's neck. It was warm and sweaty there, but Cas didn't mind. He could smell Dean's scent faint by sweat and sex and…Castiel.
Dean stood up transfixed and embraced her. "Thank you. Thank you so fucking much... I owe you... anything, Red, really..."
"Are you gonna tell him or I will?" Sam demanded. Cas, holding my hand, dragged me onto the bed and sat beside me.
"He will, Dean, you can trust me. I'm the one who raised you from Perdition." Castiel mentioned.
They went to the port and paid for some tickets. It’d be a long trip but Cas didn’t cared much. He was free and happy and with his man by his side.
"Castiel was right. You were right. I promise I won't lie to you again." Then, he hugged Dean tightly.. Tears started to fall from his eyes. Last time they hugged each other they were kids. Sam wouldn't leave anyone get between him and his brother. All his family was gone by demons, Dean was what only had left. He wouldn't leave anyone to drag him away from Dean. It was Sam's everything.
"Can you please shut the fuck up?" Castiel growls and Dean witnesses his angel glowing inhumanly, his Grace showing in his eyes.
"Thank you, Mr Shelby. But, I might ask, though... if I'm not attending as a bartender... how am I supposed to -"
Dean was looking around curiously. They would buy a tree to decorate for Christmas. Sam was against buying a real tree though; he was protesting against real trees and dragged Dean over an organic and nature friendly shop, where they eventually bought their tree. Dean would never say no to Sam. They'd bring it home and decorate it, to surprise Eileen and Cas who were on a case. They needed it, to feel like nothing had changed after they both came back.
"Arthur Shelby Sr. is dead, Castiel" Dean announced. "There's no point in this - getting yourself in danger for revenge..."
"I don't know what's that thing between us. I just can't figure out what this is; Love, lust, passion... I'm not sure. But I can't lose it..." he raised on his tiptoes and pecked my lips softly. I sighed, pulling him flushed on my body.
Castiel gasped, his eyes wide and confused. Sam had asked him out on a date? What? How this happened?
"Thank you for accommondate me inside you, Jimmy Novak. But now you should go. Father has been waiting for you."
"Why you used me?"
Soon, Dean felt his dick tugging and he knew it was time; he was about to come. He took the angel's dick into his hand and slowly pumped him, in sync with his thrusts. He spent a glance up at Castiel; the angel was so out of it, enjoying himself. He was moving his hips erratically and pinned Dean's hands above his head. Dean gasped; his inner bottom did a happy dance.
“Enough!” Tommy growled as he stood up. “Women. Leave us. I need to speak with my… associate.”
"I told him you might react like this... Being in the army and all... you're probably prejudiced against homose-"
"There's no need to" Dean whispered and pushed Cas against the passenger's door, kissing him. "Mhm babe. I only want you, you hear me? Women fancy me, what can I do about it?"
"We were called from the hotel where you were living, gentlemen. Sam Winchester has been arrested and is currently in jail. He confessed that he was on the prostitution ring and when he saw you, Mr. Novak... he wanted you. He decided to kill your pimp and take all the money and run away with you. The psychologist to whom he spoke concluded that this is a violent, narcissistic personality. The package includes pathological jealousy and possessiveness. Your brother reacted that way because you took something he thought belonged to him. He is charged with rape, prostitution, pimping and manslaughter. Thank you for your help. We'll be in touch."
Dean had heard everything, his heart was bleeding for his beautiful man. How strong he was, how brave… Dean hugged Cas the moment they stepped into the house. “We’ve no time.” Cas mumbles. “I’ve some evidence that will bring them down. It’s nothing important, I was waiting to find maybe something bigger but… I was keeping those files, for safety. But they draw the line. All I need is to protect Finn and Ada of course. They don’t deserve it.”
"Dean." Cas gasped and threw his head back, eyes closed, his nails deep into the hunter's back, while he kept thrusting inside him. Cas had found the pleasure of sex meant more when you were connected with the person you've sex with. And he knew now that with Dean it was more than sex. He knew Dean loved him, even if he was fucking him so savagely at this very moment.
"My help?" Dean chuckled and looked on the road. "Since when you need my help?"
"We'll help you to find it." Sam interrupted. "It's kinda weird, but, err… I like you in Jimmy's."
"None" Castiel stated. "But I've eyes - I work at the bar of the Garrison. Lots of men are asking weird... questions... Thomas is not going to believe me but you... you're his most powerful ally. He'll believe you. Just talk to him... and for God's shake... I wish you forget this conversation ever happened?"
Dean was torn between common sence and want; he wasn't really into the idea of spending his last night as a bachelor like that. And that club down the road, where Arthur Shelby was taking him, was the epitome of sin.
Castiel softly laughed to the statement and approached Dean. He pulled him down to his face, as Cas was shorter, and kissed him passionately. Dean's eyes hung open from the surprise, his hands on both of his sides. When Castiel pulled back, he tilted his head. "I must say that none of the angels had ever mentioned how physical connection feels like…"
Dee bit her lip uneasily, playing with her hands, entangling them. "Well I just... I wanted you to come back. We've found a lead to the monster that killed dad and mom want you there, with us. With the family. She says... she says she misses you."
Castiel rolled his eyes as Dean's thoughts invaded his head.
"Dean..." he muttered. "I appreciate the kind of feelings you've for me. I know Sam loves me as a brother as well and Jack sees me as a father figure and I... I see him as my own son and you..." The angel blushed, looking down. Then his eyes raised and stared deep into Dean's. "When it comes to you, I know nothing. You're so complicated, such a confusing human. But I... learned to read you. I fell... for you, Dean. Literally and figuretively. I think... what I'm trying to say is... I love you, Dean Winchester. And all those feelings..." Castiel pulled his hands away, setting a distance between them, his eyes wide and pleading. Dean noticed the angel's pupils were dilated. Fuck.
On the contrary, Dee was a few inches shorter than her sister. She was curvy but not thick, she had thick thighs and a tiny waist. Her face was angelic, with big thich eyelashes and full pink lips. She was also a dirty blonde, her natural color and her eyes were the most amazing green in the whole damn world. She had her father's eyes.
I started counting backwards in my head, trying to calm my breath. I could hear the beat of my heart behind my ears, almost deafening me.
Dean felt his erection rubbing against his lover's flat stomach and stopped the kiss. He couldn't stand this anymore. He had to take him now.
Castiel comforted him that night, defending their brothers and telling him that he had no right to be mad at Sam while he had mated another angel and Sam was so positive upon them. Dean finally completely surrendered, when his angel made love to him. This was the most sweet surrender Dean had experienced.
"Oh? It's dangerous for an angel like me but it's not for a human like you? She might sense you or smell you or anything and get you! You're an easy target Dean! You're human! She won't be able to sense me!"
Ada smiled widely when she saw him. She stood up and hugging him tightly. “Dean… long time no see..”
He was hearing the other’s grunts and couldn’t feel more hideous about himself. He was about to throw up; what a nice turn of events it would be, him vomiting all over this disgusting human being. His brain was working frantically. Cas smirked and looked up at him. “You win… let me at least do it in my own terms…”
I thanked the officer, and holding Castiel's hand and Bones's strap, we headed out into the Impala.
Dean nodded, sipping his coffee. "Nice. So how do we get going?"
“Hi” the girl who spoke before was now addressing to Castiel. “Are you okay?”
Castiel seemed annoyed too. Who the hell this lady was and why she had an obsession to keep him laid down?
Dean (1): I did something terrible. Sorry for not answering last night, I was…um busy.
Dean shook his head. Castiel would explain.
"I miss him Dean. I miss him too. But we'll get him back I promise. Even if I have to die to give you your brother back… I will…"
"Sons of fuckin' bitches!" Dean yelled and Cas stepped back, terrified. He had never seen him so angry. He tried to calm him.
“I-Is he… is he here?” the blue-eyed man asked, through shivers.
"Come back to bed."
Sam hums. "The book says that when a witch is dead, her curse is gone as well. But we can still hear each other's thoughts, so apparently this case isn't solved..."
"Anyhow... thank you... Guys...let's bring the bastard back home."
I ignored him and held Cas' face between my hands. "All this time... was he raping you, Cas?"
Cas swallowed as Dean approached him and wrapped his arms around him. He leaned into his warmth, sighing. "Dean..." he whispers. "Dean we need to talk..."
"I thought I was pretty clear, brother" she claimed on an ironic tone. "Me and Dean… we had a thing. You shouldn't do this."
Dean frowned. "He'll come back? What is that suppose to mean?" But before she answers, she was gone.
I never hid the attraction I had towards men. Never, except while I was in the Army. It was vorbidden. The only one who knew about my sexuality was Benny, my best friend and ex lover. He was the only one helping me during our long stay at the camp. He was the first man who help me realise who I really was. I hoped Sammy would understand; hoped it'd be okay that I liked both genders. He had some brains in that little head of his, I hoped he'd accepted me like that.
It felt so fucking good! He moved his hips directly on my demanding cock, which stirred, annoyed.
"Yes, um… Just lost in my own thoughts for a sec... Err… Did he said anything else?"
“I didn’t… I didn’t knew!” Sam protested as Dean grabbed both the napels of his suit jacket and lifted him up. “I didn’t knew it was your bartender! I thought… I thought it was the man from the burlesque! I didn’t knew he was the same person!”
Castiel rolls his eyes. "How in all hells I would ever fall for..."
He opened his cell and found a message from Dean.
Castiel nodded and sniffed, scenting Dean’s neck. “I was so scared. I thought he’d…”
"Shh." Dean hummed and slowly kissed his lips. "You thought it was the right thing to do. It's okay. We're still here and we're still together. We can make this. Now let's get the hell outta here..."
"Dean?"
"You're stubborn and nerve racking, but you're a wonderful person. I adore you."
Dean's legs started to shake. "C-Cas?" he asked, his voice also shaking.
"Dean." he whispered, but Dean never looked back at him. Castiel could feel the heartbeat, the boiling of the hunter's blood inside his veins. Castiel tried again. "Dean, look at me."
I kissed him vehemently and laid him on the kitchen counter. I pulled down his pants and then his underwear and closed my lips around his dick. His fingers were pulling at my hair, his own head was thrown back. It was so sexy.
Dee chuckled and nodded. "Well yeah she said that too - she's on a case in Vegas so I found a chance to slyther... out" she winked. "So... you got a girlfriend huh? I didn't know you were that type... you were always a weird kid but this... I'll be damned"
The female angel sighed. "He was supposed to... but he didn't eventually." Azrael sat on the couch and huffed. "What are you doing here?"
"They're my family." He whispered as he looked at the demons around him.
Dean chuckled and kissed him softly. "You're right. And the boy?" Dean leaned closer, to look at his son. He had the bluest of blue eyes and his hair were dark, like Castiel's. Dean knew this was love at first sight. Their son was so beautiful, he looked so much after his angel. "We should call him Castiel" Dean said. "He's so beautiful, so… you"
"Sam? Are you there?"
He nodded.
"Cas?" Dean was yelling. "Cas, where are you? It's me. I'm here to take you home..."
"W-What was that for?" Dean asked, without knowing if he should be happy or angry.
Dean abruptly pulled over at the corner of the road. He looked intensely at the man next to him, who was different from how Castiel used to look. This man's eyes were brown, not blue, but still beautiful.
Dean giggles as he gets between Cas' legs once more and kisses his jawline. "Dude. You never ever thank a man for giving you a blowjob. Even if it's your boyfriend or lover or even husband. You just... don't. It's weird."
Cas stared at me angrily and shook his head. "We're leaving together. Tonight. We'll travel over my parents, in Russia, where nobody would be able to find us..."
John shook his head. "She stayed home to watch over the kids. Polly wouldn't miss this party for anything."
before?". Dean shook his head.
She widened her eyes. "Oh my... these two boys were at Erin's rooms last time..."
He needed to escape. I wouldn't keep him back. I wanted to be alone as well. The massive boner I had was challenging me. Jesus. Like I was 15, all over again.
Jack smiled and fell flat on the floor.
When he found us, I knew someone was going to die. I tried to stop him, but the bastard was armed: his bullet found Cas on his arm.
Dean wasn't in the mood for talking lately, especially with Cas. He tilted his head, frowning. "What's wrong?"
Dean sighed happily as he held her, kissing her forehead. “Welcome back, Ada. Beautiful, as ever.”
Sam chuckled. "I'm sure she did. And what did Dean do?"
He kept stroking me and torturing me with his lips when we heard the keys on the door. Shit.
"Cas saw you with this filthy sucking bitch I hate and heard that you plan to kill Lilith, am I right?"
Castiel chuckled. "So do you." Dean kissed him once more and let him go. The moment Castiel disappeared into his house, Dean walked over the Shelby Mansion; it was early, but he and Tommy needed to talk. The Shelby was expecting him.
And then, he spilled his seed all over their bellies and chest. Dean followed soon after.
Castiel remained silent. It was Anna who answered. "Don't be so jealous, Uriel. Cas does God's will. He is blessed, Father trusts him more than all Angels. Father wants Winchesters to be safe. He won't let Sam Winchester to bring the Apocalypse."
Castiel was pushed against the wardrobe of the room, being kissed by the beautiful man in front of him. He admired Dean's soft lips, his green eyes, his built body, that was currently revealed. "Dean..." he gasps, exposing his neck so the human could kiss him there.
After we ate, he told me there were a few hours before he had to go to his first class. I asked him if he was still going to college and he laughed.
Dean leans closer, licking his lips. "You know that's not the issue... you know I've been needing you since... well I don't know but.."
Next morning, the first thing Sam Winchester saw when he opened his eyes was a pair of angry green eyes.
"Sammy?" Dean's face felt strange but also so familiar to Sam.
"Mom?" she asked, her voice almost audible.
Castiel’s sleep was dreamless, mostly. She was new to this life, living inside a human so sleeping wasn’t so common for her. She wondered how those Winchester siblings might look like; she wasn’t sure of their gender, God wasn’t very specific… Castiel wondered how old they would be or how they looked like. Her subconsciousness left her the moment she dreamed about a pair of bright eyes…
The older man rubbed his beardy cheek. "Hm. I suppose Mr Shelby is aware that Inspector Campbell wanted to bring him down, yes? So I think he's probably extra careful with the newcomers. But you say he trusts you. So how about... any documents about illegal activities? Invoices, about business the goverment isn't aware of? Since we can't get him caught for his dirty business... I suppose we can look the legal ones up. How about... you think Mr Winchester would be willing to help us?"
"Dean, I-I…" he whispered. Dean stopped his kissy attack and looked at him curiously.
"Not from the phone, Sammy. Be careful." Dean said in a strictly voice and ended the call. Sam stood there, in shock, watching at his cell phone. How would he calm his brother now? Obviously, he was pissed. Why the hell should Castiel inform him?
Making him loving me? Can I ask for more? "
It was not possible! There must be some logical explanation!
"I can't believe you!" I screamed. "You're such a hypocrite! How can you be with him and then come and fuck me?!"
"Do you? Is me that you want? Or the idea of someone you can't have?"
I'm sorry about the HUGE delay but I really got stuck into a massive writer's block!
"Hey kids" he whispered. He started to feel something towards the bump, something like… love. He loved those little troublemakers in his belly, God knew why. "Little Sammy… Little Cassie. Are you comfortable in there? I hope you're. I want you to know that I love you and need you to get out of there. But first I have to…" he blushed at the thought of having sex with Cas. He recalled the sexual dream he saw weeks ago and he was still seeing it since then. He and the angel kissing, touch each other. Nothing rough just simple, soft, slow… love making. Dean bit his lip as he thought about it. In his dream wasn't that bad tho… His hand trailed down his sweatpants and slided into his boxers, starting to stroke himself, imagining pale, strong hands doing it instead of his weak human palm…
So that Dean could explain to him, tell him that yes, he loved him, he loved him more than anything in the world, and that this was such a stupid thing to do and that he didn't deserve it. That kept Dean still alive, that little flame of hope still burning within him.
As soon as it started, it also ended. Dean came inside of him, grunting. Castiel stroked his own dick and shoot his load against Dean's chest and his own stomach. They laid together, curled, for what they thought would be hours, but it was just a few minutes.
"How's your nose?" Dean asked. Sam smirked ironically.
The little angel nodded happily and Castiel walked away, waving at her. When he went out, at Heaven's grounds, he felt a storm of red hair rushing onto him and then a strong slap on his face. "You shouldn't fuck with my hunter." It was Anna. And she was pissed.
"This is Dean Winchester. If this is an emergency, leave a message. If you're calling about 11-2-83, please page me with your coordinates." Sam ended the call and looked curiously on his phone. "Seriously, Dean?" he yelled at the phone. He spents a glance at the bathroom's door for one more time.
"It might."Sam shrugged. "We were perfect together until you came and ruined us. Cas was mine, all mine. And you took him from me. Answer me this moment why I should not send him back whence he came."
I laid in bed, closing my eyes, letting my mind wander into the magic of the blue eyes that belonged to Castiel.
Castiel told him everything that happened that night; how Sam threw himself to him, pretending to be the “good guy” by helping him around the pub, keeping him company, tidying up and Castiel felt violated, like Sam was seeking something of him. He told Dean about Sam’s dating offers and how he and Finn returned at closing time, Finn offering a walk home. How he left him alone with Sam, promising he’d return. How Cas tried to keep an eye on Sam, while Sam’s mind was elsewhere, how he pushed Cas against the wall and touching him inappropriately. Cas told Dean every single word that came out of Sam’s mouth. Cas regretted all those feelings he had for Sam; the admiration, the respect, the slight lust… it was all in vain.
Cas takes in a breath and strokes Dean's face. He kisses him and tugs at his shirt. "Take it off..." he growls.
Castiel tilted his head "Why should he had a kitten down there?" Gabriel sighed and turned at Dean. "I should cut you, Dean. But you'll be unconscious. Are you okay with that?"
An evening we were alone in the house -Sam was in a work dinner- I marched into the kitchen and starting yelling at him.
"No! Shut up and listen! We know how to make you sleep but Cas stays. Jack stays. If we don't make it... you come and get me. The Winchester. That would be nice, wouldn't it?"
"I'll let you settle. You could sleep if you'd like... I-I'll be downstairs, in case you need anything..."
A few days passed and Castiel was still absent. Dean was craving for him every day and night and Sam was a mess, because he had to take care of Dean all day and night. He had to bring him food and help him when he needed to puke. Sam wished in agony for Cas to appear.
The man was staring at me still, questioning eyes, while I was eyefucking him. Who was he? A friend, a colleague of Sam's, perhaps?
Dean's balcony was leading to a nice view of his garden. Castiel held his hot cup of tea and walked outside, watching the sun rising. He was so deep into thought, he didn't heard Dean entering the room.
Cas sighs. “That’s bad… oh that’s so bad…” he walked up and down, anxiously. “I’ll go and quit the case. I can’t do this. That’s so fucking dangerous!”
Cas was always so annoying to Dean and Dean never hesitated to show his annoyance to the blue-eyed Castiel. But now… They were alone, in a small-spaced car. Sam tilted his head, thinking all these new coming things.
"He was in my class. History of Art"
Dean giggled and kissed his nose. “You’re a crazy man, aren’t you?”
Dean chuckled awkwardly, looking at Cas, who was staring at the men in front of him.
"Was I - what I did… Was good?" Cas raised an eyebrow looking up at Dean, stroking his face.
Gabriel’s cough got her out of her trance. “Seems like it’s our lucky day, isn’t it? How about we all go and talk somewhere? It’s breakfast time, by the way” Gabriel winked at the brunnete’s direction, who blushed and bit her lip. The picture of a blond, unknown woman and guilt flood through her, but it was quickly shoved back with a
"I'm not!" Cas protested, frowning. "It was just... like you said it aloud! Like... your head is a door and you were throwing things outside..."
"So, um…" Sam coughed awkwardly. "Thanks for the show, Dean. Cas was going to tell us something."
"You." Dean mumbled and frowned deeply, looking at Cas. "Why are you asking me those things?"
He was just a man. For fuck's sake, he was my future brother-in-law!
"Mmm nope. Let's crash into a motel room for the night..." Dean had pushed him against a wall by this point, sucking at his neck. "I wasn't expecting to give in so easily... just a few thoughts of yours and I'm done..."
Cas nods slowly. "Yes. I understand"
His job at the club was to dance and that was all. The Police would never ask him to sell his body or whatever, it was against the law after all. He was working on the club for a few months now, but with no luck.
When I gave it to him, he couldn't contain his tears. He jumped on me, tightened his legs around my waist and kissed me.
We had booked our tickets and were leaving the next day. Mom would come along. Under no circumstances would I leave her here.
"I wasn't touching you there on purpose…"
Castiel left Dean's side without a word and walked over the bar, intenting to talk to the bartender, so Dean and the girl were now alone.
“I’m sorry, Sam but I don’t… I don’t date…”
She was standing in the middle of the road, making Dean to stop the engine and go outside.
He closed his eyes and smiled to himself. Tomorrow he'd go to the pub, he had an appointment with Mr Shelby after all. He'd see Castiel - Dmitri - and probably get all the answers he seeked for.
After a while, the second born boy was released, crying but he stopped after a while. Gabriel cleaned it up, healed Dean and cleaned up the blood.
"You idiot." he whispered to him. "Bedroom. Now."
He kissed him gently, his finger soon turned two and Castiel was opened up enough to take more than four fingers. The hunter opened Cas' legs wider and swallowed. "Is a condom necessary? I'm not going to get some angelic STD, am I?"
Dean squinted. “Sam? Did he hurt you?” Dean shook Castiel’s shoulders; the man nodded. “He pressed me against a wall in a dark alley and touched me… he slid his hands beneath my shirt… he told me he can fuck me better than you ever will… Dean I’m scared…” he leaned into his arms. Dean held him close but his mind wasn’t present; what the fuck was that? Since when Sam started to act like this? Dean knew Cas would never lie to him but… he had to be careful.
"Ah!" Dean whined as he felt a pain deep in his guts. A terrible pain, like he lost an organ. Like he lost a sibling. Like he lost his brother. He turned slowly to look at Cas. "Something's wrong." He muttered. "Something bad happened to Sammy." Castiel huffed deeply and looked deep into his eyes. "No. It couldn't." he shook his head in denial. He stroked softly Dean's hair as Dean glanced back at the road.
"That's how you met Sammy?"
"So I have to have sex with you to release the angelic siblings? Ain't there any option?"
(See the end of the chapter for
I was naked, laid on their bed, the sheets wouldn't be able to hide much. He was across the room, obsserving, working. He was so gorgeous... His eyes were on me, then his sketch pad, back and forth, back and forth... My dick was free and hard, I felt like i was about to fucking explode. Being with others, I had never felt so erotic, so... I wasn't sure if there was a word to describe this feeling...
"How can I be sure you won't drive me into a trap?" Castiel frowns, asking.
Castiel sighed and tried to concentrate on his paperwork. Maybe Joaquin was right. Maybe Castiel should quit from the club and start investigate differently.
"I found this under the bed. It's not mine, obviously!" he said, angrily. He was ready to jump on Cas again. Cas held onto me tighter.
Ruby approached him and kneeled in front of him, touching his cheek. "Sammy" she said in a calmly voice. "Are you sure you want to run behind Dean's ass for the rest of your life, like a little puppy? You're the chosen one, Sam. You're the one who can kill Lilith and free Father." She was speaking with such a great passion about her Father, that Sam wished to find a way to shut his ears.
"Ah, no Sammich" Gabriel chuckled and pushed Sam on his back, straddling him. "I wanna screw with you. Your mind can wait"
Dean knew how weak Castiel would get, according to Dean's sexiness; whenever Dean was seducing him like that, Castiel would do anything for him. He knew he could make the angel a jelly in his hands by just pressing the right buttons.
Grace, Lo and Ada disappeared quickly, and a little annoyed, in Αda’s case.
"Dean I don't think it does working"
The Empty smirks, eyeing Dean up and down. "Hm. You know how to negotiate, boy. It's a deal. The last I'm doing with you." The Shadow dissapears and Dean let's out a breath he didn't knew he was holding. They return to bed. "What did you just did?" Cas asked, hugging Dean, who huffed. "I lied, that's what I did. Remember what I told you once? We people, when we want something really bad, we lie." Castiel smiled at the fond memory.
Castiel smirks. "I've an idea."
Dean smirked and kissed him hungrily. "You better tell me the whole story when we're done with this." he hissed into his ear as he kept sucking at his lobe. Castiel shuddered and nodded. "Yes sir."
Gabriel was welcomed back from the dead from Dean and Castiel, Dean wasn't very pleased about his relationship with his little brother though. He didn't liked the fact that the angel who had killed him so many times for fun, who trapped them in tvland and caused his brother so much pain was now Sam's boyfriend. Despite his current situation, the Winchester brothers had a heated fight, with Sam defending Gabriel, saying that he had changed. Dean had left the room, surrendered and unhappy.
Dean nodded immediately in understanding. He kept stroking Cas' thigh comfortably. "Also, I prefer you far more than Anna. The sex with you is far more awesome." He winked. His words caused a deep blush and a damn flutter on Cas' heart. "We should uh…find Sam.." he muttered, closing his eyes, trying not to fantasize him and Dean making love behind the steering wheel. Dean smirked. All he had to do was to find his fucking brother. His love for the angel could wait. They had all the fucking time in the world.
The angel appeared into the hunter's motel room. Sam had been out of the bunker for a case, practically leaving Dean and Cas alone. Sam knew about his brother's affair towards the angel and he wanted to help him make a move already.
Then, he sat at the corner of the bed, with his eyes on his knees. "Dean was right. I'm done, Ruby. With you and all your devilish crap."
Dean raised his brow. "You too. I didn't know Eileen was the hickey type."
I felt so dirty. But I needed him so much! That moment, nothing even mattered. Just him and me... His body and mine.
"This was for thanking you about finding my vessel." Dean smiled back and looked down his boots, couldn't look at Cas, feeling embarrassed. Castiel approached him and put some cool fingers on the hunter's warm cheek.
"Jimmy!" Dean shouted. The man turned his head and looked at the direction of the voice. Both Cas and Dean walked towards the man, who collapsed in Dean's arms when they got to him. Dean seemed really worried, when Castiel's calm voice sounded.
"Dean?" Cas turned at him, eyes wide and curious and pleading. The Empty smirked. "I'm sorry... what was that?"
Dean bit his lip and kissed him again. "There's nothing to worry about though. I'll only talk to her about the case and that's all... Cas do you trust me?"
"I need to get out of here." I whispered. "It's not right..."
I wasn't capable of realizing if it was real or a figment of my imagination. I still had trouble believing it was real, even after we already had done it...
"Missed my lil birdie, what's wrong with that?" Dee giggled and winked at Jessie. Jessie looked between them. "Uh.. don't tell me she's your crazy ex..."
"Want you, need you... love you" the hunter whispered as their lips collided. He entangled their hands together and whispered soft and loving things into his ear.
Castiel was so attractive; he was tanned, with beautiful silk black hair and blue, blue eyes. His lips were pink and juicy, almost begging me to kiss them. He had a cute small nose, high cheekbones. His teeth were white and his body was amazing. He had some tattoos, of course; I spotted one on his backside, also one on his arm. He had a weird symbol on his back while his arm was full of fire, wings and roses. This guy was so hot! And I wanted him so bad! Every single day...
Finn looked at Sam. “I found him behind the pub, in the alley. He seemed knocked out. Also I couldn’t find Dmitri anywhere, he was supposed to keep an eye on him while I was gone. I’d return for him, to walk him home too, but he seemed to be nowhere.” Finn shrugs.
Castiel gasped and bit his lip. Most of his existence, he had power over most things in his life; he could control his urges, his needs, his powers, people, other angels... other humans. He could heal. He was feeling powerful, yet humble. But with Dean... he felt like he could be powerless. He felt like he could submit all his possesions, his life, his control, his power, his body, to this mere human. To other angels, Dean was nobody. To Castiel though... Dean was everyone and everything.
"About demon's blood, right?" Castiel looked directly on the hunter's green eyes. Dean looked back and nodded. "Yeah." He answered. "This demonic slut is feeding him her blood, to make him stronger but deep down I know there's something more than this. Only save us all from the ultimate slut, Lilith? Please."
I blushed and my dick stirred.
He tried to stand up, but a soft hand stopped him. "What do you thing you're doing? Doctor said you need some rest!"
When Dean came back from the trip, it was sooner that Castiel expected. Dean came and took him at a park, not far from the club. Dean had brought him a nice little locket, with a green gem, matching the color of Dean's eyes. When Castiel opened it, there was a saying on it.
"He's not a dancer anymore... he's a bartender... you'll meet him. He'll be there tonight."
He came in my mouth, and I swallowed, without hesitation, the proof of his pleasure. I kissed him, pushing the sperm on his tongue for him to taste it. His groan reached my groin.
The blonde behind the wheel smirked; she seemed satisfied. “We’re the ones you’re looking for, ladies.”
I took in a breath. "The sketching?"
"Dean…" he hesitated. "Are you sure about this?"
Dean nodded frantically and stood up. “Yes sir… thank you” he kissed his hands again, desperately. Tommy laughed. “Easy there, son, I’m not a priest…” he patted his shoulder. “You can go now… Inform me if there’s anything… good night Dean”
Castiel nodded. “We’re looking for someone… their names are… Dean and Sam Winchester. I was wondering if you could help us”
"Oh. Err. Alright. Sammy mentioned you might arrive today.. He's about to come home from work..." he stated, blushing. He pulled back so I could step inside. "I've prepared a room for you. You're probably tired" he said and grabbed my duffel bag. I followed him silently, all while admiring his tight ass, showing around the robe. He was probably naked underneath. My dick perked up, happy.
Castiel looks at her, without even blinking. "I'm fucking him." he deadpans. Willa squeals and covers her mouth. "No way! He's... gay? Oh my gosh! He can't be! Tell me you're joking!"
Cas nodded and left Dean undress him completely, before taking Cas' cock to the brim. Dean sighed and threw his head back, holding Cas' shoulders for support. Cas moaned and held Dean's waist. "What… Ah… what are you doing?"
Castiel frowns, confused, tilting his head. "What do you mean you don't know how? Have you ever been with
Cas shrugged and wrapped his arms around Dean softly. "Just that… so called "come" felt odd on me dried"
Dean kissed his forehead. "My offer still stands. We can take our stuff and Sammy and leave. Russia is better than in here, I hope?"  he asked. Castiel grinned widely. "Ah, she's all white with snow now Dean. We were waking up with Natalia and making snowmen. We also threw snowballs to one another. It was nice... then mom would make us hot chocolate and we'd stay close to the fireplace... I wish I knew how they are... it's been a while since I got a letter..."
He pulled himself in and out Castiel's hole softly, trying not to hurt him. After a while, Dean couldn't feel anything, but Cas' tight grip on his hair, his lips desperate on his mouth, his voice begging for more...
I missed sex. Good, passionate, "want you so friggin' much" sex. And having it again, thanks to him was really an amazing gift.
When Sam spotted that woman, he tugged at Eileen's hand and showed her the woman, who was approaching them. She leaned over Sam, her busty breasts leaning closer.
"Dean?" Cas' soft, raspy from sleep voice distracted him. Dean smiled softly as he looked into the angel's ocean blue eyes.
Sam snickered and nodded. "We see... C'mon Jack, your daddies have some work to do" Jack seemed confused. "That's how humans make up? That's fancinating"
"Fuck you!" he shouted at the direction of the door. "You don't know what you're saying!"
Dean couldn't stand this anymore. He took the knife Ruby once gave them for killing demons and tried to stab her. But, unfortunately, she vanished in a cloud of smoke. Dean was breathing heavily when he finally noticed Sam. He helped him stand and sit on the bed. Then, he sat next to him, with a painful expression on his face. He gave him a towel and Sam put in all over his bloody nose.
"I should wake him up now" Gabriel whispered. "The babies need to feed. "With a snap of his fingers, Dean blinked his eyelids open, looking around. "Cas? W-What happened? The babies.." He touched his belly, but there was nothing there. His body was like he had never delivered a baby, muscular and strong like always. Sam approached him with his little newborns. Castiel smiled and kissed Dean's forehead. Dean looked at his children and cried. "God.." He mumbled. "They're so beautiful…" Gabriel coughed as he pulled away and held Sam's hand. "You should feed them.." He said and dragged Sam away, to give them some time with their kids. Dean frowned and looked up at Castiel. "Feeding them? What does he means?"
Thomas sipped his whiskey, frowning. He hated lies; he hated people lying, but he hated it especially when his closest friends and partners were tricking him. “Alfie told me you and Dmitri visited him in his house. And I also know what you told him. What I don’t understand is why I had to learn this from Alfie Solomons and not you; you’re my closest friend and trusted lawyer. Why I had to learn from Solomons that there’s a traitor in my house?”
Dean opens the drawer and finds the angel handcuffs. "I've an idea. The Empty can't take a human, can it?"
"Or?" she provoked.
While he was sipping his juice, Dean noticed a few marks on Sam's neck. "Sammy what are those?" He asked in a sly smile. "You got laid last night?"
Castiel hums. "Hm. I know married men don't get much of a free pass for burlesque clubs, Sir." he licks his lips and cuddles close to Dean.
But Sam wasn’t even bothered. He pinned Castiel’s arms above his head and freed himself from his pants. He opened the man’s legs with his knees and rolls his hips. “You could have it all, Castiel; fortune, drugs, me. But you chose him. I could give you everything and you still chose him.”
Soon, I had to be inside of him. He was as impatient as I was, so he just sat on my dick, his body swallowing me hungrily.
When all the demons were dead, Sam was pushed against a wall, an angel blade on his throat. He was groaning threatenly. "I'm gonna kill you, you winged ass bastard". He groaned under his teeth. "You killed my siblings!"
When Sam woke up next morning, he was unaware of the body next to him. He tried to stood up, but his limps were aching and he noticed he was naked beneath the sheets.
Eileen signed "We miss you" and Dean's heart clunched. "We miss you too guys... can't wait to come back..."
Someone they never expected to see again was there, before them again. Rowena, the current Queen Of Hell. With a big smile and confidence, she appeared on the table, in front of them.
"You must be joking," I replied.
Castiel nodding. "I see... a toast for Thomas Shelby?"
Cas nodded and laid him softly on the bed and started to kiss every inch of Dean's skin. He reached his inner thighs and bit lightly, causing bruises. Dean was squirming beneath him, asking for more. Cas pushed into him experimentally, slowly, pulling back when he heard Dean sighing. "No.." Dean panted and grabbed his neck, pulling him closer. "Move, please.."
He winked at Cas' direction and the Angel felt uncomfortable from the conversation.
The angel's eyes fell on the floor in shame. "My apologies, Dean. I heard you calling me. What do you need?"
Sam squinted his eyes as he looked at the man. Castiel laid him down on the bed and moved between his legs; he almost gagged. Sam’s dick was full of blood. Castiel could feel his anus being ripped but he could handle it. He’d live. He wished he’d hold onto that for a while, at least as long as it took to save Dean and leave this hideous place.
"How dare you, petty humans? Fighting me? I can destroy you! I can make you so miserable, you'll never find love ever again!"
Dean rolled his eyes and laid beside him. "You don't want me, angel, do you?" He frowned, annoyed next to him, his arms folded on his bare chest. He always loved to provoke his angel,he liked to sleep only in his boxers to feel the warmth of the angel on his middle.
“I don’t want to! Get off of me!” Cas yelled while tried to push him away, but Sam was stronger. He pinned him on the bed with his weight and undressed him violently.
Sam was going back and forth on the motel's room, waiting for his brother and the Angel to come back. From time to time, he was glancing at the door in front of him, trying not to succumb to the temptation. His blood was boiling inside his body, his heart was pumping, he could hear his own beat on his ears. He wanted so bad to open that damn door, to rip those bitch's neck and drink her damn blood. But, he couldn't. No, he shouldn't want to. He shouldn't let his brother down, even if this was for the greater good. Because Dean always fought the idea of his Sammy sacrificing himself for the greater good.
I really need some help here! any ideas would be welcomed! and thank you if you're still out there!
Dean couldn't believe what was happening; the angel had just admit it the Empty would take him the moment he felt even the slightest happy. That made the elder Winchester furious. He felt hot anger boiling inside him.
Cas nodded, blushing. "Did you maybe had… a..wet dream that night the witch cursed you?"
Dean rolled his eyes and wrapped his arm around his brother's waist. "Jesus, Sammy, you reek of scotch and vomit! Ew!" he complained and sat him on the couch, preparing some bitter coffee for him and some soup; it was the best hangover medicine, mom's recipe.
I sucked in a breath and tried to get my thoughts in order. I didn't knew when this thing would ever end up. I was sure for one thing; One of us would be hurt. And Sam? Sam would get hurt the most.
"What the… You - you were dead! Lucifer killed you! You can't be alive!"
Castiel giggles. "Oh Jesus..."
Fresh tears made their appearance on his cheeks. Sam hugged him without asking and stroked his hair.
Dean laughs as well. "I'm sorry... You know I don't have it with the words... I'm more of a man of actions..."
"No, Sam, I need to talk to you too. Both of you, actually." Castiel stopped him. Then, he looked on the back of Dean's hair. He wanted to touch the soft skin of his scalp, to tangle his fingers with Dean's blond hair, to admire with his lips the hot flesh on Dean's neck… But Sam was there and he needed to talk to them.
Dean huffed out a breath and shook his head, adjusting his hoodie and trudged down to the kitchen, going to the coffee maker and began to brew a pot as Castiel stepped into the room, "Want any coffee?" Cas nodded and sat on a chair, sighing. The past month the angel wasn't feeling well. He felt strange, like someone – or something –had intruded into their lives. He looked at Dean as he walked over the table and left the cup in front of him. After their last hunt with the witch, he had noticed Dean was gaining pounds and that was weird, Dean Winchester could never get pounds. He was always so…elegant and…fit and..beautiful. Yes, the angel thought Dean as beautiful…
In a heavy knock, the room's door opened and Dean came in. He was furious, of course. And alone.
When finally Dean came back, it was almost noon. He opened the door, meeting a nearly angry Sammy, with flames on his eyes. His arms were wrapped in front of his chest and he was patting his foot on the floor nervously. Dean swallowed harshly.
"Huh?" Dean swallowed, confused and embarrased. "What the hell Cas? I thought we agreed you wouldn't snoop through my head ever again!"
"How long?" he asked, stroking my hair. He was the one on charge; he was sitting on my lap, his arms around my body, his eyes unleashing the full range of their power on me.
Eileen started signing frantically. "Dean is a stubborn asshole. But this curse might seem useful to them."
"Ugh... I'm getting married tomorrow... so..." he shrugs like there's not such a big deal. Castiel's face drops. "Aw. What a shame. You're such a handsome guy... it's such a waste".
"Yeah, Lucifer killed me, blah blah blah. It's an old story. But let's talk about you. You think I didn't felt that jealousy of you, mister? Ugh, it's too hard to ignore it"
"It's bleeding, thanks." he answered. "You have a nice crochet, by the way."
Polly raised an eyebrow.
Castiel huffed. “Sir we’ve no time. This is all the evidence I could find… I wish I had done this work better but we had no time! We got caught and…” Cas swallowed. “The Shelby asked someone to… to sexually molest me! We need a doctor and we need to get out of this town!”
“I need you guys to do me a favor” he asked, looking at both boys intensely. “I want you both to keep an eye on Dmitri; I need to know what he’s doing when he’s out of work. I’ve a bad feeling he might be a spy…”
"Of course it's her." Rowena answered. "It's simply that it's not... her her. Her own soul is in Hell, I found her body and brought her to you. I thought that... you'd do anything to bring her back... I couldn't even think that my moose witch would be sad..."Sam smiled wide and hugged the red-haired woman again.
They were sitting on the deck, watching the waves when Dean talked. “I’m sorry”
Cas was so confused. He couldn't understand what that little speech came from. He squinted his eyes, enjoying the warmth of Dean's hands against his own.
Sam sighed and shrugged. "Homos." He monologued and smiled to himself as he headed to the bathroom, holding some holy water and a silver blade on his hands. He opened the door and looked around. Ruby was nowhere to be seen.
I saw him realising who I was as he raised his eyebrows and wrapped his robe around him tighter. Still my robe though.
Dean nodded and shot his brother an apologetic look. "I'm sorry about what you might saw, Sammy" he said "Human hormones. It's the pregnancy. Also, Cas came here and-"
Suddenly, the man was all over him, pushing him against the bedding and ripping his clothes off. Castiel’s eyes widened; that wasn’t what he expected. “Get off of me! Are you crazy? What are you doing?” Castiel screamed at the top of his lungs, hopping someone would pity him and come to his rescue; nobody came.
After a while, thinking what he said, he laughed to himself intensely. Dean? With Cas? That was more than a hilarious idea!
"I heard your prayer." Cas mentioned. When Dean looked at him in surprise, Castiel explained. "Your thoughts. They were screaming "Castiel, Castiel, please I'm an ass I'm so sorry"".
"I see... so where can I find her?" Dean asked, writing down all the information on his notepad.
Cas sighs. "Fine... okay. Let's... ugh. I'll show you." He stood up and gave him his hand, which Dean gratefully took.
Cas smiled and closed his eyes. “Only for the man who’s worth it”
As both boys walked upstairs, Finn started discussing with his friend about Dmitri. Sam thought Finn was right; Dmitri couldn’t be a spy. He was thinking about it all night. That beautiful creature couldn’t be a spy. His beautiful blue eyes wouldn’t be able to lie…
"What are you even talking about?" I frowning, staring at him then back at Castiel. Cas wasn't even breathing in my arms.
"So who was that guy you were seen last night, Officer?" The Head of the Police asked him that morning, when Castiel entered the office, to report about his night and the events that unfolded then. He said nothing about what he did with the man though, he wasn't a fool. "He's the lawyer of the Shelbys, Sir. Dean Winchester, son of John Winchester, the most successful ex lawyer of the city. He works for them. I can get a lot of secrets out of him..." The cop nodded as he looked at Castiel. "Very good, son. Next time, I want you to bring me Thomas Shelby's head." Castiel smirks. "Oh. It'd be my pleasure."
Castiel snorted. “What’s their importance anyway?”
Sam looked confused and concerned. "Is he okay?" His concerned gaze met the angel's.
Tommy tilted his head. "Terrible like... what? You didn't killed someone, did you?"
He shivered as he remembered the voice of pain. He laid back at the bed, Castiel sleeping silently beside him. He was more than grateful that the angel was helping him, that he was there with him. He stroked the angel's hair softly, trying to calm down.
Thomas Shelby was waiting for him in the living room, with a glass of whiskey on hand, his pajamas under his night robe. Dean walked slowly over him, his heart drumming.
The goddess was good in fighting; she grabbed both Sam and Cas and almost choked them, with her feathery like long limps.
Sam looked at the hickeys and raised his eyebrows. "Dude, seriously. Can't you just not being that… loud?"
Dean frowns and pouted, looking deadly at his little brother. "But I don't have a sexual life with him!"
The woman was still looking at him. He turned to face her. "Look, ma'am I've this mission and I'm late. I'm sorry for your husband." Before the woman opened her mouth to make him stay, he disappeared.
I walked over him and pulled his earphones off the iPod. Whole Lotta Love starting blasting while he was staring at me, dumbfounded. He wasn't expecting me, heh? I stared back at him with my sluttiest grin, checking him out. He was only wearing a pair of boxers. I served the eggs on two plates, then started making some pancakes. He snapped out of it and relaxed, singing the song with me.
Dean's voice frightened Sam. His brother was using this tone when he was really angry with him. Sam knew that the moment Dean would see him, he'd be dead.
Tommy Shelby smiled too.
"I-I love you" Cas said, with his eyes shining. Dean smiled lovingly and coddled his cheek. "
"Oh, please." Dean stood up and faced Cas, his face an angry mask. "I don't give a fuck what your Father wants! And I'm sure you think this is a terrible mistake as I do, right?"
"I'm here, Cas" Dean pulled him close onto his body, kissing softly his lips.
Dean rolled his eyes. He would never find himself in a situation like this before. He had just turned 24; he and the Shelby family started cooperating during 1924. His father, John Winchester, was a lawyer too and worked for Arthur Shelby Sr. so it was a piece of cake for Dean to get into the business. The Blinders hired him as their personal lawyer. Soon, he was promised to Ada, even if both wanted different... things.
Soon it was Castiel's turn to get on stage. While he walked, his favorite song for stripping, "I'm Tore Up" by Billy Gayles came up and he started dancing, slowly losing his clothes. When he was almost naked on stage, he slowly walked over a company of men, who probably had a small celebration; the Shelbys again. He smirked to himself as he spotted everyone there. Arthur Shelby, the bastard... John Shelby, the gun and fist of the organisation. Then a foreign man on the left and on the right... There was the most beautiful man Castiel had ever seen. And he seemed to be to the center of the attention... He might have his birthday or something...
I love you too, Cas" He entangled his fingers with Cas', kissing his lips.
"What closet, cheri? I like guys."
Cas sits on the seat, sighing. He stared at Dean, not able staying mad at him for long. He held his hand. "It's just... I never felt like this with anyone before... when I met you... I was a fierce soldier. All I knew was obeying... And then I saved you from Hell and my whole world came upside down. And I feel -"
Castiel turned into his arms and sighed, feeling the heat emanating from Dean's body. "Thank you Dean. I'm sorry I dragged you into this... I had no idea she might -"
“For what reason? Is there any issue that came up that I’m unaware of?”
“You don’t deserve to live into this house. You don’t deserve everything I’ve done for you. I’ll write to mom, telling her everything you did. I want you to get out of this house. I don’t like rapists and whippersnappers under my roof.”
Christmas were always making Dean feel antsy. Especially after he turned 30.  Especially since they never celebrated Christmas or New Year's Eve. This year would be different, though. They had a family; they had their angel back from the Empty, they had their God Nephilim and Eileen and Jody and the girls and Donna and Bobby and Charlie. They had everything they ever wanted; a family.
Cas giggles and pushes him off. "I won't have any sexual relation with you in the barn where a witch died" he states. "Let's find a motel then"
"I'm not funny and I know it. I'm not joking either though, Dean." Castiel wouldn't meet his eyes. Dean slowly sat beside him. "Why?"
"Dean..." the angel gasped. "You know I only want to protect you..."
I woke up, distraught and sweaty, by a dream. I felt horrible. I wasn't able to get away from him even asleep! I stood up and realised that I had jeezed in my boxers. Ew. I grabbed a fresh pair of boxers and ran to the bathroom. Hopefully, it wasn't occupied... After a quick shower, I walked downstairs to the kitchen, where I was upon a great sight; Castiel was making some eggs while he was swinging his hips, hearing music in his iPod...but I could clearly hear the lyrics he was murmuring... Led friggin' Zeppelin! Could he be even more perfect?
Maybe, though, they were perfect. Because they were together.
"Ah!" he let a moan slip while I grabbed his ass.
"Look at me".
He took in a breath and took the hideous dick into his mouth; the smell and taste of blood made him gag. All while he took him deeper, Cas looked up at the man in front of him; he was completely surrendered and ecstatic. Cas knew this was the right time. He pulled away and bit the offensive organ. Hard enough so his mouth was full of the other’s blood. Sam grabbed his genitals and fell on the floor, while Cas was spitting all the blood away. “That’s what you get for being a rapist, you son of a bitch!” Cas kicked him out of his way and grabbed his clothes, wearing them quickly. Hopefully, Sam would die out of excessive bleeding. Good. That was a happy scenario.
“Of course” Castiel mumbled, out loud. He felt Cassandra smiling in a warming manner back at her.
Dean perked up at the name. “Sir… I’d like to ask a favor… whenever you get the Solomons… would it be able to inform me? I’d like to have a word with Benny Laffite.” The Chief nodded.
"Dean why would you like to take me to a motel for?" Castiel snapped his eyes at Dean, his blue orbs wide and confused. Sure, he never searched through Dean's mind anymore, since Dean was so against it but now it seemed that, somehow, Dean was throwing his thoughts at him...
The car started all over again and Castiel noticed the blond woman staring at her curiously from the mirror. Castiel blinked and looked back her. The woman gave Cas a charming smile.
Sam crucified his arms on his chest. "And why should I do this?"
Castiel couldn’t define how much time he had spent into that cell; it could be hours, days or just some minutes. He was beaten, his whole body ached and he could take no more. He was worried about Dean though. Where was he?
Ada grinned as she turned to look at the other woman; she offered her her hand and the woman approached them. “She’s Lo, my wife. We got married in Paris.” Lo was a graceful woman, with long wavy blonde hair. “You remember Lo, Dean, don’t you?”
"No one ever comes back from the Empty, Sam! No one!"Dean howled, his eyes already red because of crying. "He told me he loves me! You hear that? He told me he fucking loves me and I didn't do anything to save him! I just let him push me aside and get seized by the Shadow! I didn't do anything, Sam, anything! And he sacrificed everything for me... until that moment... he was protecting me... Fuck..."
Joannah slapped her daughter so hard, Sam was sure they were heard in every room in the motel. Even now, after all those years, she could feel the sting on her cheek. She would always remember Dee, who was like a stone statue, not moving, not talking, just watching what happened in front of her eyes.
I fucked him onto the kitchen table, onto the counter, against the wall, almost everywhere. We ended up in bed, exhausted. He looked at me and bursted into laughter.
Cas made a noise in the back of his throat. “Really? What shall this present be?”
Cas sighed. "It's not how it works, Dean." He explained. "We angels, when we have…sexual intercourse with someone, we grow strong feelings for them and believe he's the one. I believe Anna had never… you know, before-"
Castiel wasn't getting much sleep that night. All he could think about was Dean. The way he smelled, the way he touched him, the way he kissed him like he was his last breath... Castiel hugged his pillow; it smelled like Dean. He really hoped he'd see him again...
Tommy hummed. He sipped some of his whiskey and poured some more. “I see. Thank you for trying to protect me, Dean but please… next time talk to me. We don’t want the Solomons to know such details. Alfie has the traitor stamp; people are talking about him. So I suggest next time… no more mistakes like this. Is that clear?”
"It was nice meeting you Dee." she yelled as she walked upstairs. Sam sat on the armchair next to the couch while Dee tried to find the perfect position to relax.
The words Amortentia and love potion were swirling on his head.
A little hint / spoiler for the later chapters: the narrative is first-person because Dean talks to someone about it all. It is too early to find out who they are, why Dean is talking about it or where he is. So stay tuned to find out! ❤
“I’m not a thing, you bastard! Leave me alone! You’ll regret it and I’ll make sure of that!”
Thankfully, there was a doctor and a nurse into the Station for emergencies. Cas didn’t asked Dean to be in there with him, he didn’t wanted his lover to see how big the damage was. The doctor said Castiel was lucky; no internal bleeding had occurred. It was a minor injury that could be healed with a cream and some pills. And no sex for some days. Castiel could handle that.
"You can't even walk straight now, can you?" I giggled, earning a snide eyeroll.
"Why what?" Castiel muttered.
The club was already opened even if it was just 7pm, too early for the customers, but the employees were already inside the club; some girls were already rehearsing on the pole. Dean pretended he watched them dancing while Cas was beside him, just because he's a little shit and wants to endlessly annoy his boyfriend.
Anna shrugged. "I heard the news. Congratulations! You and Castiel are a thing now. Heaven is buzzing, you know."
Dean rolled his eyes chuckling. "Oh, poor Sammy, you know nothing" he mocked. "Do you know what it is like to have a lion in your bed?"
"Cas..." Dean swallows deeply. He had pulled over at the side of the road, eyeing Cas, confused, needy... aroused. Castiel could see the visible boner through his pants.
I raised an eyebrow. "Yes Sir" I answered as I slowly walked out of bed.
"The reaper didn't do anything like that to me... she just... rushed to... the main act." Dean hums. "I see. But the point is... foreplay is also sex, y'know. While you want to pleasure another one... you should start by touching and kissing and just that. Sometimes waiting increases the pleasure and the agony" Dean whispers while he kisses the angel's loving hipbones. "You know what I wanna do to you Cas? Do you even imagine how long I wanted to have you like this?" he swallows the head and moans around him; the angel tasted like heaven. Dean closed his eyes and lost himself in the moment; tried to memorize the texture, the taste, the touch, the feeling of Cas' dick inside his mouth. He tried to process the fact that he had Cas' dick, the angel's, not some random dude's, in his mouth. But he couldn't. He thought he'd open his eyes and it'd be a dream. A delicious wet dream, per se.
"He's coming! That Shelby guy! Prepare yourselves!" The people backstage starting to get ready immediately; Castiel just boredly started to wear his clothes. He had a goal; he would get these bastards down, sooner or later.
Dean's nap was nervous and troubled. He was rolling on the couch, trying to find comfort. His dreams were full of water. He even could feel the wetness on him…
"How it would benefit - "
Azrael laughed. "Oh well... you remember Anna right? The redhead who slept with you. She was pretty... graphic, talking about how you made her feel..."
"The Empty" Jack said. "Want me to come with you?" he asks Dean.
Sam almost laughed. She was a terrible actor. They stood and followed her outside.
"I'm sorry, Dean" he apologized. He wasn't looking on Dean's face, he felt it embarrassing. He was about to betray his own brother. He couldn't do that. Dean was right, he should have stopped seeing Ruby a long time ago.
"Hey" he leaned into Cas' ear, smirking to himself;
"Cas, I-I… I don't know what this means…" Cas touched softly Dean's cheek. "I don't either, but…" he shrugged indifferently. Their eyes met each other, pure blue met bright green. Dean's breath froze in his throat. Their faces were getting closer and closer, until they were separated by a few inches.
this is a Sam's POV.
"I'm not! I'm just trying to make them happier! After Aphrodite gave me this gift -"
"I don't think that's a good idea..."
Castiel nodded, their hands on the bar, holding each other's. "I thought it'd be nice to see you in the daylight". The blond smiled softly and leaned over the bar to give him a kiss.
The answer came from Dean's phone. He ended the call and threw a glance at Castiel. "It's time for a little exorcism, Angel. Oh, I missed that thing." he said, winking at his friend and putting the throttle on the Impala.
After lunch, while Castiel was helping his mom gather the dishes, she asking him about the stranger. “He’s the man I love” he whispered in English; his mom should get used to talking English. She wasn’t speaking anything than Russian these days.
They waited until it was dark enough and he, among with Eileen, walked over the club. They sat on a table, holding hands and the waitress brought them some drinks. Sam pulled out his phone and texted Dean.
Dean woke up from his sleep, sweat all over his chest and scalp. His scream was still ringing in his voice. He had the weirdest dream; blank, just blank and voices, just his brother's voice to be honest, calling him.
i'd like to hear your thoughts about this!
Castiel pouted. "I don't liked the way that woman treated you."
"Mom I was accepted to Berkeley in California and I want to go".
"i don't know Sammy, I was thinking... well Cas is newly human... again. And I don't wanna take him clothes or something typical. I want it to mean something... I was thinking of maybe surprising him."
After a while, the presence of an intense bright aura draw his attention.
Dean watches Castiel open himself up with his fingers, sliding them inside of him, moaning at every shift of his fingers. Dean paws at his own crotch, feeling his erection trapped between his pants, wanting to let it free. Castiel noticed that too.
"That's what we ask for." answered Cas and vanished.
Dean laughs and wraps Cas’ legs around his waist, taking him to the kitchen.
His thoughts interrupted when some well-known hands touched his nude chest and turned him around. Ruby, naked in front of him, was smiling seductively. Sam felt like he would thrown up and took her hands of his breast. He ignored her completely, while he was closing the water, going out of the shower and wearing a towel around his waist. Ruby wasn't even trying to hide her nudeness. Sam glanced at her in disguise.
"It's me. Castiel" the man quickly explained. The Angel noticed the puzzled gaze of the man and sighed. "I need your help."
"I see. I better get going."
Sam shot him with a bitchface and a pout. "People say good morning, Dean. Or apologize to their brothers who didn't slept all night because of the too loud fucking!"
That night Sam drank; a lot. He and Finn were out, having fun. Finn wasn’t that drunk, compared to Sam. Somehow they ended up outside the Pub; Dmitri was just locking the door. Finn chuckled happily and waved at his friend from afar while Sam was sulking next to him, trying to stand on his feet.
Dean moved to open the angel up, but Cas' protests stopped him. "It's alright... You don't need to... I can handle a little pain..."
"It... It'd be nice to be your model sometime..." I whispered.
