losing whatever semblance of a good life he is able to muster up for himself at that point in time.
“Cas…” Dean pleads.
“Um, well… I’m trying to be?” Jack mumbles softly, never looking up. “I wa—was thinking about it. I wanted to be a normal kid. Isn’t this what they do? Go to school? So… I was thinking about getting a GED, give the SATs and then—then maybe apply to college?”
“Then you might lose Cas… You might never be able to come to terms with yourself… You might never get to be truly happy.” Dean looks like he wants the ground to swallow him whole. He looks beyond broken. She sympathizes, she does but she needs him to know the truth. So, she adds, “But that’s never been the Dean Winchester I knew. The Dean Winchester I knew faced apocalypses like they were dares given at a party, he fought harder and louder than anyone else and never gave up. He saw what destiny had planned for him, decided he didn’t like it, and told destiny to fuck off. The Dean Winchester I knew was annoying, loud, brash, and kind of an ass but he was never,
“No, no. That was Eileen’s car.”
And then doubled over in laughter. They laughed until their stomachs hurt.
Making Castiel, the former angel of the lord, swear in anger is like watching a (previously inactive) volcano explode. It’s unexpected and makes you regret all your life decisions that led up to that moment, wishing and hoping that you’d done something different so you wouldn’t have been there to experience it.
They were staring at each other, faces only inches away.
“You left… I thought—”
“Still doesn’t mean Dean popped the question though,” Bobby chimed in.
“Why were you running, Dean?” Cas asked after a pause.
Dean finally remembers why he called. His throat clogs up, “Yeah, I’m fine,” he chokes out.
Silence.
Cas gives a small smile.
They were both utterly fucked out. Dean was sitting with his back resting on the headboard, while Cas was lying with his head in Dean’s lap. One of Dean’s hands was busy playing with Cas’s dark hair.
“So, you’ll come around then?” Dean asked, trying to sound casual but failing to hide the desperation from his voice. “Cause God or not, you’re our kid. I know… I know I said those awful things but-”
“Claire!” Jody and Castiel chastised in their signature ‘Mom voice’,
“You-You don’t know who they are, do you?” Dean runs a hand over his face, “God, I think Anakin had the right idea. These younglings-”
Sam’s patience ran out, “
“Same as you,” Dean replied, pulling out the eggs and bacon and setting them on the kitchen island, “And like I said, kid’s gonna be here soon and he keeps fucking devouring those god-awful cereal boxes like a man possessed, so I cook him pancakes before he drops in so he
“It’ll work out, Cas,” Sam assures his friend, along with himself.
“You” Eileen pitched in cheerfully.
“No. What I need, is some peace and quiet,” Dean bites back for no reason other than the fact that he is searching for some release. “Is that too much to ask?”
be the one turning into a freakin’ bridezilla.” Sam huffed.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to cause trouble.” Guilty.
Dean suddenly feels his breath catch. Dean
Jack cowered a bit, afraid of Dean’s reaction. The action made Dean’s heartache.
“You already know why!”
Dean Winchester had spent four long decades believing that he was nothing more than whatever fucked up blunt instrument that his father had forged him into. He was a hunter, a big brother, and a killer. Beyond that, Dean Winchester was a complete waste of space.
“Hey Cas, what’s up?” Sam says into his phone, trying his best to hide his exhaustion from
Dean wants to fall onto his knees, he wants to beg and cry and plead; he wants to do anything and everything he can to make sure that Cas believes him when he says that none of the shit that he said had anything to do with him. He needs Cas to know that, that isn’t the way he looks at him. He could never think of Cas like that. It couldn’t be. This is Cas. Not some junkless angel of the lord, no. It’s Castiel,
“Do shut up, Dean,” Cas chides, looking genuinely upset.
“No. No. That’s fair… It’s just…” Dean sighed, pulling Castiel close again, noses touching, “Like I said, just don’t leave me again, please.”
I don't like writing long chapters but this one kinda got away from me.
“The…” Cas asks.
The room is silent for a second.
“What?” Dean asked, looking at Sam with confusion.
But it’s not until he reads the name that flashes that he realizes that he has royally fucked up. He has royally, unmistakably fucked up because it’s not Cas’s name that pops up on the screen. It’s Sam’s.
And Dean fucking burns.
“You’re making me fall more in love with you.”
“Nothing,” both Claire and Jack scream out in unison.
too. So maybe, Dean doesn’t get to have the best fucking judgment. So maybe, what the fuck does a small part of Dean know? That small part of Dean sounds like a fucking freak.
family?” Eileen teased.
He is only met with utter silence from the rest of the room. Sam and Eileen sitting comfortably on the stairs to their house’s backyard have paused with their beers halfway close to their faces. Meanwhile Cas, who is standing next to him, basking in the glow of the soft golden light of the back porch, looking devastatingly handsome, is just smiling softly like a smug bastard.
Then Castiel turned to look at his son absolutely dumbfounded.
Cas smiled and finally sat down opposite Dean on the kitchen table.
“Um, yeah.” Dean replied hesitantly, “Doesn’t make me any less real, dude.”
Dean knew what was going to come next, but knowing didn’t make it hurt any less. “You’re an asshole,” Sam said evenly.
Cas had said. He had fought against his conditioning that had begun with Creation itself. The least Dean can do is try to fight a dead man for him. Dean's never believed in following destiny anyway. He doesn't want to be a shitty, broken man. He wants to be a married, happy man. So he will be.
“Jabba the Hutt,” Dean said, annoyed. The universe wasn’t going to cut him slack, of course not. That would make it all way too easy, wouldn’t it?
“You already know why,” Castiel repeated.
“You were mine the moment you told Chuck that we were making it up as we go.” Dean replies. “I mean, I wanted you the moment you walked in, you know? But that? That’s when I knew I was fucked.”
Dean broke the heavy silence, “You would need Jesse on board with this whole thing, you know? Empty won’t just take your word for it.”
Is that- was that... a cliffhanger?
Dean sniggers, “What happened?”
Dean nods again.
” He looked back at Sam, who just resolutely nodded in response.
Dean laughs, moving up to meet Castiel’s face and pulls him in by the neck, lips brushing, “I just knew I’d die for you, without complaint. I knew I’d live for you too.”
“You’ve got both the Sons of Darkness at your disposal, General Organa,” Jesse smirked looking back at Jack, who nodded in agreement.
“That’s not true! I kept Dean’s secret for 4 whole months!” Jack protested.
But Cas’s face scrunches up in dismay, “No. Aim higher, Dean. At least 80. We’ve only just started.”
“I have a bad feeling about this.” Cas recites the line again.
“You can try your best,” Claire challenges.
“This is why Crowley used to be so fucking jealous!”
“You baked me a fucking pie, Cas, of course I’ll like it” Dean replied smiling, “I’ll fucking love it.”
“Yeah dude, sounds fucking perfect,” Dean pats Sam on the shoulder. For a moment Sam thinks Dean’s eyes might be shining but his attention is distracted.
“What?” Dean asks confused. His eyes are flickering between the road ahead of him and Cas’s profile. His perfect, beautiful profile, that makes Dean want to get on his knees and beg for forgiveness till the world stops turning or till Cas forgives him, whichever comes first.
“Yes, it was, but you know what’s sappier? Looking for me, in Purgatory. Praying to me, without fail, every single night,” Cas closes the catalog in front of him, puts it in the back seat, and pulls one of his legs up so he can sit facing Dean completely.
Well, at least he raised Sammy to be a man of his word, eh?
“Hurt Cas?” Claire asks.
Claire blushed for reasons Castiel couldn’t understand, “Cause he took me with him.”
“Okay, now even I have to admit, you’re spoiling him, Cas,” Eileen reproached.
it. He downright resents it.
“But you don’t think I’m real,” Dean asked again, Cas just shook his head in reply. “Then why do you like it?”
Dean sobers up. “That’s not what I meant, Cas. I’m sor-”
There is another pregnant pause.
“…technically he wasn’t wrong now, was he?”
Sam blinked. And after a beat threw his head back laughing. And then she was laughing too.
“My man’s a sappy drunk. I’ll keep that in my mind for Judgement day,” Cas whispers, words only meant for Dean and not another soul. It warms Dean from within.
And then begins a staring contest. The room remains silent and Sam feels like the money he won for therapy couldn’t possibly be enough.
The silence is broken by Claire’s snicker, “Kiss-ass.”
“In a motel, somewhere in Iowa… I’m alright.”
““You know, when I first walked into that shady little motel in the town you were so intent on destroying, I never thought we’d end up… here…” Sam says with a smile gracing his face as he cradles the glass of whiskey in his hand.
Cas, as if on cue, drops a soft kiss on Dean’s cheek. It’s a comforting touch that does more to say the Cas would never hold the tough decisions against Dean than probably any words ever could. He continues then, “But now, I have my guard down. I have a home and warmth and a very handsome man next to me every night I go to sleep, so I dream.” Cas sighs with great effort. Dean thinks he might need the pause, to either collect his thoughts or perhaps to look for courage, so Dean waits patiently.
“The fuck are you doing here?” Dean asks, still alarmed.
Sam’s laugh cut abruptly. Both the men looked at each other.
There’s silence on both ends. Sam’s pretty sure he’s terrified but he has to ask.
“Excuse me?” Cas exclaims, ready to fight.
Dean really needs Cas to get this so he looks him dead in the eyes as he continues, “I can never be ashamed of you. I might be ashamed of myself… of the way I am… but never will I ever be ashamed of you. You are a fucking treasure, Cas. I love you so damn much. Every single time I lost you, I lost myself. Without you, I drowned myself in booze and blood and hoped to God, either I got you back or just didn’t make it back from whichever stupid hunt I went on. You’re the love of my life and I cannot believe I was lucky enough to have you love me back and stupid enough to be a fucking asshole and hurt you.
“Just don’t fucking leave, asshat.” Dean smacked his palm on the wheel to punctuate.
“I don’t mean to… it just happens,” Dean defends.
“There’s— I think— I… I—I think I repressed it, along with my—my feelings, my sexuality. Cause when I asked him what he meant, he said that he was sorry that he couldn’t protect me. He said he wanted to but he couldn’t and that it was his biggest regret.”
“I’m me.” He said with a chuckle, “But I know what you mean.”
Sam cleans up the beer spilled by the other two men and faces Jack, “Hey buddy. What’s up? Didn’t think we were gonna see you today.”
“Are not!”
“No…” He replied. “I mean yes, of course but… not just… I meant more along the lines of… you know like... Only if you wanted to, of course. I was just wondering… if you’d- “
“Hey, it’s Dean… Winchester? Um, I hope you got the invite… I haven’t heard back from you yet, and I get that you must be busy but… But I don’t know.” Dean exhales heavily, “I was kinda hoping you’d come, you know? So… Um, yeah. Th—that’s all. Uh, yeah. I—I hope I see you there, it wou—it would mean a lot… Alright. Bye.” There’s a loud beep and the voicemail ends.
Sam smiled. Leave it to Dean Winchester to be worried about the New God.
Cas looked out the window like he was looking back on a memory from a millennia ago. And who knows? Maybe he was. “I never knew what it meant to be home. Heaven was where we lived and served but it was never… home. I was an Angel then, so I didn’t particularly
“And with him gone, you think we don’t get any more wins?” Sam asked, pushing the book aside.
Cas was on the verge of tears as well, staring at Dean. Suddenly he got off Dean, and Dean was terrified, convinced Cas was just going to walk away. But then he felt Cas’s weight settle back on top of him again.
He looks over at Cas for help but is surprised when he’s met with a knowing smile.
Dean stepped back, picked up his coke, and took a sip, “Maybe this is our next… I don’t know… adventure, let’s call it. Maybe this is Team Free Will, 3.0: Domesticated Edition,” Dean smiled brightly.
Dean was engulfed in unending darkness the moment he stepped through the door. The light from Death’s Reading Room was being engulfed into the stillness around him. He wasn’t sure how he could even see anything.
? “You wanted to avoid cooking something vegetarian so bad that you just bailed on dinner?”
“So, comparing it to an apocalypse is your way of being romantic then?” Cas teases after a pause, eyebrow quirked, still wearing his most adorable ‘Cas-smile’ that leaves Dean a little breathless as per usual.
“What do you mean arrested?” Sam asks. “Who’s getting arrested?” Donna asks. “Why’re they getting arrested?” Jody asks as well. All at the same time.
“Eileen, come on?” Dean signed back.
It was strange then, that a word that was so inanely meaningless struck Dean so fully. The fact that his heart halted to a stop at something so profoundly stupid as
“No, of course, you are Sam!” Castiel replied hastily, fighting Civil Wars was easier than this conversation. “I just-“
“Can we please focus on just the
Dean was fuming.
Dean had lost a lot in his life; his mother, his father, Sam (multiple times), Bobby, Jack (twice), Charlie, Jo, Ellen, and on and on. But every time he lost Cas, he felt as though he became hollow. The pain felt unbearable, every breath was harder to breathe than the last. His world collapsed around him and he could hear himself being ripped apart from the inside out. He never stopped to think about what it meant, he told himself that he wasn’t allowed. That didn't mean he didn't know. The time was never right. And when it was, he'd lost Cas all over again.
“Come on, sweetheart. You gotta be a little more gracious in your loss,” Dean looks very sly and absolutely not gracious in his own victory.
“I’m glad that I could help,” Sam replies, his voice thick with emotion.
Amara sighs loudly in response, “That’s the idea.” She softens her hold on Dean’s throat. He’s still choking, just not as hard. “I just—I don’t like his stupid perfect face, that’s all.”
“How much of a fit you’ll throw?”
Jack, however, interprets the silence as an indication of having stepped over a line, he shouldn’t have, “Dean, look I was just suggesting—” He tries, scared and rushed but is cut off.
“This is perfect, guys,” Jack said astonished. “You’ll come along, right?” He looked worried all of a sudden.
Cas who’s sitting next to him in the passenger seat flipping through a catalog of invites that all seem awfully similar to Dean, finally looks up expectantly, waiting for Dean to continue.
“Come on, it’ll work. All our plans are either utterly stupid or just plain suicidal. I’d take this halfcocked one over the other two, wouldn’t you?” Dean counters, with a charming smile.
“What’s got you two giggling like middle schoolers at a sleepover?” Claire makes her way over to the dining table. She pulls the chair next to Cas, opposite to Sam and sits with her legs resting on the table.
“That’s- That is not what I meant. You know that.” Cas objects looking dejected.
“Then… what happened?”
“Jack was making dolphin noises at the zoo,” Claire complains.
“I let you drive my car, isn’t that enough?” Dean taunts.
“I tried.” He said, looking more morose by the second, “I promise. I tried. When I brought everyone else back. I don’t think I have dominion over the Empty but…” he looked like a child again, lost in the supermarket, looking around desperately for his parents, “I will try again. I’ll keep trying. He made that deal for me, to save me. I owe it to him. I-”
“I don’t think so?” Jack says but it sounds more like a question.
“Sam-“
(See the end of the chapter for
“From now to however long you'll let me,” Cas replies with such devotion Claire can’t help blush.
“Claire.” Jody and Castiel chastised in their signature ‘Mom voice’.
“This is better than knocking on the Empty’s door. I’d rather take my chances with her,” Dean counters.
“You probably would’ve figured it out eventually. But, you’re welcome," She pauses, "And I don’t mind taking care of the monsters,” She replies, pulling out a chair and sitting down.
Cas and Dean nod.
“I said, the outside world can go screw itself silly,” Dean says. He then climbs a bit higher on the bed, where he’s tangled up with Castiel in a mess of limbs and sheets, and settles himself on Castiel’s lap, with his head laid onto his shoulder, facing him and planting small kisses along his neck. “I’m staying here.” And he moves close to Castiel’s ear, adds with a barely-there whisper, “Stay with me.”
she thinks.
Jack looks back as if the answer is absolute, “Yeah. Obviously?”
“It’ll keep the Empty occupied on Earth long enough for someone to sneak in and get Cas out,” Eileen added.
Jack remains silent for a second and then, “What if… what if I said that I don’t want to do this because…”
Cas, who burnt so bright that the sun looked far duller by comparison. Cas, who loved without bounds and had compassion in overabundance. Cas, who was fury and righteousness incarnate when needed. Cas, who believed in Dean endlessly without reason even when Dean didn’t give him a good enough reason to do so. To Dean, Castiel is more than salvation or religion or love, or anything so big that words can’t do justice. To Dean, Castiel has always been something rare and unattainable but unreliably close, just over the hills and very close by. He was the wind in Dean’s hair while driving with the windows down. He was the stars he gazed upon with Sam as they sat on the hood of the Impala. He was the right song on the radio at the right time. He was Dean’s home. He seemed unreal to Dean, sometimes in the mornings, lying there next to him; Cas seemed unreal. He was good, kind, compassionate, patient, and somehow without any grace left in him, still fucking ethereal. Dean couldn’t believe it. Couldn’t believe that there could ever be a being with so much fucking good in them but there he was, mumbling sweet nothings into Dean’s shoulder to avoid getting out of bed. To Dean, Castiel was far more important than salvation or religion or love, he was something Dean couldn't really find the word for yet. But he's sure as shit that whatever Cas might be to him; he was nothing without Cas.
“I’m not flying to India,” Dean said, he tried going for casual but failed completely.
Sam breaks the silence, “You know how to make fake legal identities with social security numbers and all? Something that even
December 25
In retrospect Sam feels like absolute garbage because handing his kid the responsibility of saving other people’s lives without even so much as asking if that is what they want is something so characteristically John Winchester that Sam thinks he might just puke. He thought he was nothing like his father, nothing like what his father wanted him to be but it turns out John Winchester was very impressionable man. And now here he sits, in front of his own son, watching him squirm at the thought of perusing the same dream that Sam himself once had.
But as he watches Cas’s face contort from concern to sorrow, he realizes, he might have actually said that out loud.
“Make my name, sound like—like that,” Dean asks, exasperated.
This was his Cas; the charm for the locator spell they’d done, burning brightly in his palm proved it. Years ago, if someone had asked Dean what personal item could they have used to find Castiel, in no universe would he have guessed that it would’ve been his own damn amulet.
“Dean! We’re not supposed to see each other before the ceremony,” Cas huffs, covering his eyes.
There it was; the smugness.
“I was hoping, maybe…. Maybe the three of you, would like to adopt me.” Jack answers, his voice cracking. “I mean, not all states will recognize all three of you as my parents but, some will. And I think I- I’d like that- Only if th-that’s okay with you guys, of course.” He gets no response so he continues, “I wanted to do this after the wedding but then Claire was telling me about Father-Son dances and… I- I don’t know… I just thought, it would be nice… To officially be able to do that, you know?” He pauses, “But again, obviously, only if that’s o-okay with you guys.”
“I think this is… stress? Or perhaps a mixture of that along with anxiety?” Cas ventures, “I think- I think, I feel like I am flying. Like I am about to land but I don’t really know what I will face when I get there. As Luke would say,
“Alright, alright. So, Dean was a little slow on the uptake, you can’t blame him…” Sam cut in. Dean raised his hand towards Sam as if to say,
And then Dean kissed him.
But the respite is painfully brief.  It rings again.
Something must have changed in Dean’s expression because then she looked up.
Sam huffed, exasperated and blushing. “Good. Okay.”
“Yes.”
“Eileen,” Cas cuts in.
Sam smiles too. “Send me pictures of the options, I’ll ask Eileen too.”
Sam smiles too. He can’t help himself. He has seen so many of Dean’s idiosyncrasies in Jack and an abundance of Cas’s charisma. But all that he ever saw of himself in Jack was all the baggage that was handed to him at birth. However, this—wanting to figure out a path for yourself—now this Sam knew through and through, “You know, I could help? If you needed me to, I mean… I was pretty good at school. I, ugh, even got a 174 on my LSAT,” he says, trying not to seem
“Yes,” Sam replied, calmly, “Like you said, he never gave up on us, we don’t give up on him.”
At Dean’s lack of response, Sam answers his own question, “I can’t punch you if you’re not here, Dean. Come back.”
Sam turns around, picks up an ice pack, and throws it at Dean. Dean catches it dutifully and places it on his nose. “You’re a real fucking boy scout, aren’t ya?” Dean tries to lighten the mood with a joke because that’s what you do when the going gets rough, right? Tragedy makes for good comedy; isn't that what they say?
“As if! You were around when there were no mobile phones… You’re old, just accept it,” she says pointing at Sam. She then points at Cas, “And you! You were around when this planet was a ball of gas! How the fuck are you pretending to be young, Aziraphale?”
“What happened?” Sam asks again. His tone is so cold. “I won’t ask again.”
Charlie and…” Dean doesn’t finish the sentence.
“– distraught?” Cas puts an awfully gentle hand on Dean’s arm.
She runs over, grabs the crowbar off the ground, and swings it at the very dead Principal. Only to turn around and find her there, back with a vengeance. She pins Claire against a tree.
“Yes,” Cas pulled out a box from his pocket, opened it, and showed it to Sam.
“I found something about how to make an offspring of a mermaid and a werewolf but zilch on the Empty,” Dean replied annoyance laced in every word. He accepted the beer that Eileen offered him as well as the soft pat on his back. “I didn’t even fucking know mermaids are real, man?”
banging, for a
Dean is silent. He’s thinking, considering. He’s tried everything else, and nothing works. He’s been avoiding the damn issue his entire life, trying to bottle it up and shove it down and that almost cost him the love of his life. But this, he could try this. Couldn’t he? For the sake of the life, he is building? For the sake of the man, he loves? For the sake of his own goddamn happiness? He could fucking do this. Come on! He’s Jack’s superhero. He could do anything.
“It seems inappropriate,” Cas replies. He hesitates before continuing but gathers a breath that seems to be more for courage than anything else, “I mean no offence when I say this and you are obviously allowed to resent me for carrying such a sentiment-allowed wouldn’t be the right word- B-but you are… allowed that is- more than-” He runs a hand over his face, frustration written all over it, “What I’m trying to say is that, as unfair and unjust as it sounds, I have begun to look at you… as my responsibility…No. Wait. ‘Responsibility’ makes it sound like you’re a burden somehow; that is definitely not the case. You’re… I mean- I-I hold you in very similar regard as I do Jack… If that makes sense.”
“What’s up, Cas?” Sam asked concerned. Cas would never have interrupted if it wasn’t important.
“Come on, get up,” Sam urges breaking Dean out of his reverie. His tone is straightforward and simple.
“Agh! Don’t remind me.” Sam groans.
“Sweetheart?” Dean asks, voice so painfully gentle, Castiel cannot help himself but look back. “I told you I would get in my way… I’m can’t—I’m not—I’m not good at this. But… But I never want to silence you. Okay? Please know that.”
“You’ll always have a home here—And I don’t just mean Dean… You have us. All of us. Come back. Stay here, with me and Kaia, please?” She knows she’s begging but she can’t let him just leave. Not like this.
“Yes, yes he did,” Claire’s smirk was back, “We made a day out of it, he dragged me to like, twelve different places and ended up with the simplest design ever. It was kinda cute, I’m not gonna lie. And he got me burgers and milkshake too,” she added, utterly proud of herself at having roused up Jack.
“I can’t believe I have to do this sober,” Dean muttered.
in this case as well.
Why the fuck is he scared?
“Um, guys?” Sam tries to break the tension. “What’s happening?”
Leaving the bunker in utter silence. Until…
Until Dean pulls him into a fierce hug.
She hears Cas take a deep breath, “Yes… and no. Physically I am alright, Claire. But otherwise… I’m not sure.” He pauses, “I’m sorry for not calling. I didn’t think you’d be worried.”
“Anything” Cas’s statement is absolute.
Dean is silent for a moment, “What if I’m never comfortable with… with being… being—”
“I wanna know why!”
Cas throws a handful of salt at the ghost and watches her disappear snarling. “Keep digging,” Cas’s voice comes broken, as he rubs a hand over his bruised neck. “And maybe, I don’t know, try not to "multi task",” Cas adds as he notices Principal Margorie appear a couple of steps ahead of him.
“I love you both equally. Which is very much. Too much,” Castiel said, with sincerity. At his words, he noticed Claire’s face reddening. “Claire is just better at keeping secrets.” He said looking towards Jack.
“How do you know that?” Kaia inquired.
“Because?” Dean urges.
A day later, Cas shows up at her door looking far worse for wear than she could've ever imagined and her heart breaks even more. She pulls him in for a hug that lasts longer than the normal ones and maybe even lets a few tears escape.
Both Cas and Dean exchange a look and then look back at the kids and nod again.
And the world was finally free.
Jack had appeared right behind him. He walked over to stand between Sam, Eileen, and Dean.
“Claire.” He sounds like he’s trying to be reprimanding like he usually is but there’s a smile in his voice and that gives Claire hope. Hope that she thought she’d lost when she heard that Cas left.
“Dean, I’m not coming back home,” Jack said calmly. “In a way, I’m already there.” Jack continued.
A moment passed in silence, the revelation that their New God wasn't as unfading as they would've thought.
, I want to marry Dean!” Cas chides as if he’s stating a universal fact. Like he’s telling a junior in high school that the Earth is in fact, round. But the irritation in Cas’s voice makes Sam breathe easy again. “I’d have married that man the first time he stabbed me the night we met; if I knew he was amenable to it,” Cas mutters.
Dean seems to relax at those words. “I—”
“That the only people who didn’t know that we were in love, were the two of us,” Dean smiles. A younger, more brash Dean would have been angry for having lost all that time pining. Or maybe the younger, more brash Dean would have never even been able to come to terms with the fact that his affections for the ex-angel next to him were nowhere near as well hidden as he thought they were. A younger, more brash Dean probably would not have been able to admit that Cas is not only the man that he loves but the love of his life. But this is not a young and more brash Dean. So, he smiles. "I was pouring my heart out, man. I was scared, like scared shitless, right? And all he cared about was the fact that I thought he didn't know me well enough to already know."
“Dean called me right after he called Jodie…” Claire replies. She still isn’t clear on what happened and worries that mentioning Dean might upset Cas again but she doesn’t see any other option. “We tried calling Jack too. But he said if you needed time, then you needed time. He said he wouldn’t interfere. Goody two-shoes,” She mutters with annoyance.
and you were saying those things; those shitty, perfect things. It was everything I ever wanted you to say but it felt like- it was a fucking goodbye, and I couldn’t fucking bear it, man. Every time I’ve lost you, I felt like there was a ‘Cas’ shaped hole in my heart, it felt like I’d lost myself, man.
“Spill it, kid. I’m not gonna bite you.”
“Cause that’s what you guys do?” Sam asks, rhetorically. “You guys drive when either of you has an off day, right? So, I thought—”
“But seriously Dean… I just—I think I’d like for us to talk about this more.”
“I miss him, I guess. This is a good enough consolation prize,” Cas said with his lips curled into a sad, broken smile. He looked as if he’d made peace with an eternity living with false promises and Dean swore something in him broke too.
“No, I’m sure Sam’s gonna throw Dean’s and I’ve asked Eileen to throw mine,” Cas answers, wiping the mud off of Claire’s face with diligence and care. “Unless of course, you want to, then you’re very welcome to.”
“I don’t think he wants to marry me.”
When Cas cocks an eyebrow at her, “What?” She defends, “The wedding’s barely a week away. And besides, you’ve raised each other from the dead. I think you’re already married in some religions.”
“Cas?” is all he could bring himself to say.
Sam chuckles in response, then adds, “Then what’s the bad feeling about?”
Dean opens his mouth and then closes it. He repeats the action two more times and then squeals, “Crowley did not have a fucking crush on me!”
“Then we keep fucking digging, Dean!”
“You-“ Sam tried again and was cut off, again.
There’s loud music coming off the other end. Dean wishes he could be there.
“Yes.”
“There’ll be fucking ghosts at the wedding?” Claire has to stop digging and look up at that.
it says,
“There’s enough sexual tension there, we couldn’t cut it with a knife,” Eileen said, “And we know for fact; right now, it’s not pent up. Kept my poor husband up all night, last night." Eileen cooed, "Which means me too by proxy!" She added as she slammed her fist on the table.
And another.
They’d just wrapped a case in Sioux Falls, helping Jody out. They were getting out of the car, making their way into Jody’s place. Cas was already inside, having made his way there after assisting Claire and Kaia on a hunt a couple states over. Eileen was going to join them in an hour, having wrapped a hunt of her own. Donna, Alex, and Patience were inside as well, waiting with most probably a very hearty dinner.
Deafening, earth-shattering, seemingly unending silence.
Dean sighed and turned, “What is it, Sammy?”
Dean shifted uncomfortably. Sam realized all of a sudden, Dean wasn’t going to deflect with a stupid comeback, he was going to emote. Apparently, a lot can change in one day - especially when a drive with two drenched, oblivious men was a part of that day.
“I know,” Jack said, again as jovially as talking about what they were going to have for breakfast that morning. Dean looked up at that.
“Why?” Claire shouts. A job means permanence, a job means stability, a job means he doesn’t intend on coming back.
But of course, she wasn’t alone in her faith in the child, there was an angel watching over her who vowed to ensure that the boy would be happy and safe, and grow up to be the savior she believed him to be.
Dean stared at Sam, remained silent for a minute. And then, finally, it clicked.
“Hello Dean,” Cas replies, bringing a hand up from his side, resting it on his cheek.
Claire made a gagging noise as Dean blushed.
I was angry and scared. I wanted Chuck gone, I wanted freedom and I thought that was the only way to get it. I’ve got shit coping mechanisms, man. That’s on me, alright? I’ve been on the receiving end of that shit so I don’t know how I could be enough of an ass to put you through that too, but that ends now. I will make it up to you, okay? I swear, I’ll do anything.”
Well, better to spill, Jack supposes. “Um, technically, Jesse knows a guy. He had to get it done for himself and some of the kids that he works with at the Non-Profit, if they have abusive parents.”
Sam raises his hands in defence. He walks over and sit down on the bed, behind the pair. “Whatchya doing there?”
Dean wasn’t entirely sure how he hadn’t gone grey from being surrounded by self-sacrificial asshats. Maybe it was Chuck and his hero’s curse. And with him gone, maybe Dean would become an old haggard grey-haired man very, very soon.
“I was nervous then; I spoke harshly, I was jittery and my hands were shaking. I couldn’t completely calm down till Dean healed from getting impaled by a stupid rusty nail. You said
“Makes me pretty shit family, doesn’t it?” Sam asked with a hollow smile.
“You- y- you- knew?” Dean asked, voice small.
Dean had heard enough. He got to his feet and stomped over to Cas, pulled him by the collar of his shirt, and looked him dead in the eye, “And I told you, I’d rather have you; cursed or not!”
stay, that will be proof enough. Those things; they are selfish. I text and call and give you presents you don’t like because
Donna turned to look at him, "I was talking about those baby-blues, handsome" she replied with a wink, making Cas blush. "And Eileen, Jody can be your Maid of Honor, she throws better parties," she added.
There is a moment of silence.
Cas nods slightly in reply, conceding. Sam’s sure Cas would rather burn in hell that ever meet with the Empty again.
And with that thought, Dean does what he does best. “What?” Dean snaps, finally turning to look at Cas.
The lack of response worries her, she turns back and witnesses Cas trying desperately to reach for his crowbar that is slightly too far out. When their eyes meet, he mouths, “Burn,” and Claire knows that logically she should focus on burning the remains but she also knows she just can’t deal with logic right now.
“Et Tu, Bobby?” Dean said feigning injury, as though he had been stabbed through his heart. Castiel couldn’t help but smile. This man, with his snarky sense of humor, with freckles, glittered across his face like stardust, with his warm presence, with his kind heart and blindingly bright soul was going to be his husband. The thought warmed him beyond belief.
Dean finally smiled too. “As long as it’s not some fucking Michael Bay film… sure. You can pick.”
“Bad. Very, very bad.”
And with that, he hangs up.
with a duffle bag on his shoulder, keys in the ignition, and resignation on his face. He could swear facing Death felt less terrifying at that moment. But when he finally got there-
“To end it.”
“God, I hope so,” Cas breathed out, almost like a confession Dean wasn’t meant to hear.
Moments pass and both of them savor the monotony of watching the green fields pass them by.
“Cas?” he tried again. “Where the hell is your feathery ass?”
Claire finally looks up from the table where she is painting Jack’s nails, to set her sights on the towering giant.
Oh, he’s not scared. He’s worried, about her… as always.
With a shaking hand, Dean picks up the phone and brings it to his ear.
Dean began getting up to leave and suddenly all the smiles dropped.
Dean laughed humourlessly, “Yeah. Yeah, I guess I do, don’t I? The question still is; why?”
“Why?” Dean asks, incredulous. “It’s not like we can fix this. Cause we can’t Sammy. I— I can’t fix this…”
Deafening, earth-shattering, seemingly unending silence.
Cas runs over and crouches down next to Dean, holding him up by the shoulders gently. “Let him go,” He warns.
“I am just trying to understand what happened–“
“Why the fuck would I do that?” Dean yelped.
Claire laughed right in her face, “He has the emotional capacity of a popsicle, he so did not pop the question, babe, Cas did.”
“Then what is?” Sam asks politely.
“Um? I’m not the lead authority on witchcraft but, I think something was supposed to happen. Did you screw up the spell?” Dean says.
Sorry for the wait. My work schedule kinda went haywire and I couldn't write anything that made me happy. But I am pretty happy with this. Let me know what you think.
“Just the one. If we can summon him,” Cas replies nonchalantly, “We’d like Kevin to be there. But that’s more than enough ghosts, in my opinion.”
“I wa—was like, ten or twelve… and Da—John had left us at his friend’s place, Pastor Jim. When he came back, he found me with a boy and he figured it out. I was so fucking young I didn’t understand what the fuck I’d done wrong cause Sammy was safe and I was just—just… Anyway, the shit I said to you… those were the words he said to Pastor Jim about me… So, when he called that day to congratulate me for the wedding of all things, all this shit came flooding back, and I just—I exploded on you. That wasn’t fair. I'm sorry. I am so fucking sorry, Cas. I really am. That was awful and wrong but it had nothing and I mean it when I say this,
“Fucked, huh?” Castiel chides.
Sam dropped the fork and dishtowel on the table, walking over to the dining table, he takes a seat. “What’s up? You alright?”
Castiel walked closer to Dean, they stared at each other, “I remember seeing you in hell. Your soul… I felt almost like- like you were calling out to me. I fought off the demons in a haze, I was so entranced by how brightly you burned… you were like the sun and I was caught in your orbit,” Castiel realized he was smiling, “I think I have loved you since the moment I saw you, down in the depths of hell, when you thought you were at your very worst, all I could see was you;
“You’re not fucked up, Claire,” Dean says with utter determination. “You’ve lost a lot and been told that you can’t be fixed because the world is fucked-up,
“I capiche,” Jack replied dejected, “I still would’ve preferred if you’d accept money though.”
Dean was the one who broke the silence. “Jack…” he faltered. His throat suddenly felt clogged, a horrifying hole in his chest, where a certain someone should have been. “
Dean jumped up off of his chair, shocked beyond belief but ready for a fight as per usual.
“And you were just never going to tell me any of this?” Dean asked.
“I wouldn’t do that to you,” Claire defends. “You want time and space, I’m not gonna ruin that for anyone. Not even for Dean.”
“I know. I don’t care.” Sam replied happily.
that felt too. He remembers that brief time when he was a vamp too, how there was a part of him thinking about the idea of Lisa’s blood running down his throat would feel
Dean just shrugs.
“Jack,” Dean chokes out.
“Yeah, fine but come on! He might be my brother but you’re my
Cas walked over then and kissed Dean with everything he had. Eventually, they pulled away when Sam began making gagging noises.
But on a serious note, I am swamped at work. And even this I'm writing while procrastinating other things so, I'm sorry for the slow updates. Hope you still like these though.
“So, you’ll die like the rest of us?” Sam inquired.
Jack looked to Sam, hoping for an answer.
Both men are startled.
Dean sat there for a moment in silence. He sighed heavily once and then he was off. He was sprinting down the corridor, a man on a mission.
Dean still feels like utter shit.
“I’m multi-tasking,” Claire objects. It’s a regular old salt and burn. Besides, she’s secretly excited about the prospect of Cas and Dean
“It was a gift. I’m told you keep those.”
“I suppose so,” Cas mutters, brows furrowed.
“Make my name, sound like a damn prayer,” Dean asks, exasperated.
so, there was nothing to be worried about.”
Two updates in one day? Wow.
“I wasn’t calling you, dude. I was calling dibs.” Dean answers as if that explains anything.
“How about… Miracle?” Dean asked from behind him. They were all standing in the library, with the cutest puppy in the world in front of them. “Seems fitting, no?” Dean looked at Cas who was standing next to him with his arms wrapped around Dean’s waist and a smile on his face.
“You don’t understand what you’re feeling?” Sam asks carefully.
“Like what?” Castiel’s confusion is evident in his voice.
“Meg?” Dean asked.
Claire fold onto herself, “I—I just want you guys to fix it, okay? I know, I know it must be very bad if
Claire tuts in response, “Hold still, dude.”
Dean, however, just shrugged, “Payback’s a bitch, brother mine.” Dean smirked.
“Dean I-“ Castiel tried to explain, all his laughter gone.
“What?”
“Yeah, I always thought that’s what pissed him off, you know? That, me slipping on my job to protect you was the catalyst to him becoming Major General Asshole. But um—after… After Jim started talking about how
Cas huffs. “We’ll circle back to that,” Cas says with determination, making it clear that he will indeed have that conversation at a later point with Jack. “Right now, I wanna know why you made fake legal identities for all three of from scratch.”
Cas nods again. Dean keeps smiling.
“Quit being a fucking smartass while you’re at too, alright?”
“He’s my brother!”
“I can’t but I appreciate the thought.” Sam chides.
Claire was right behind him.
Until it does.
“Sam, no- “Cas tried interrupting.
“I don’t know, I asked them how they met and they just started fucking giggling,” Claire accuses. “I think they’re very drunk,” she whispers to Jack over the table.
Sam smiles, “Um, yeah. That’s what anxiety feels like, dude.”
Dean sobers up instantly at the tone. Sam from where he stands at the door, can hear the intensity in Cas’s voice as well. He’s calling for war and promising a worthy battle.
“What else would I be here for?”
“The wedding.”
Amara just snickers, “Down, boy.” She waves her hand at Cas, “I don’t want your man, calm down.”
“Can it, Hot Topic!” Dean reprimanded, as he turned absolutely crimson, all Castiel could do was smile softly at this hopeless man he had rebelled against Heaven for.
“Look, Sam, I don’t want to. Of course, I don’t!” Dean insisted, looking distraught. “I want there to be a way but, I don’t know, all those other times, we had Chuck playing us behind the scenes, what if it was him?”
The next moment the force the light is gone and the banging has stopped. When the three of them open their eyes, Amara is standing in front of them, dressed in black as usual, while the room around them has fallen into darkness.
Sam and Cas exchange a look and begin laughing all over again. Claire just looks at both the men confounded.
“I called him an abomination,” Cas replies with a chuckle himself.
Claire’s face remains blank.
“The man’s a saint,” Donna added.
Dean laughed, for the first time in a very long time, “Weirder things have happened.” He turned the radio on and the
“’Oh’? That’s all I get?” Dean pulled back, looking baffled, “I bore my heart out, Cas. And all you’ve got is, ‘oh’?!”
“He’s my best friend! He should be a groomsman.” Sam protested, hands signing quickly.
“Asshole,” Dean screams. He exhales, “Fine, I’m taking Jody.”
“No… No. You’re pretty on point,” Dean’s grip on the staring wheel tightened, “But why does that remind you of yours truly?”
And they were both laughing.
It’s only then he realizes, Dean’s crying. He turns to Cas and Sam, then and finds them rushing over for hugs and crying as well.
They rush over to the bar where Cas was supposed to be holding his own bachelor party that had been organized by Eileen (like his party was, by Sam). However, once they enter the bar, passing all the squad cars, they don’t know how to react. Dean, Sam, Donna, Jody, Charlie, Stevie, and Garth all stand with their jaws on the floor.
“You-“ Sam tried
She isn’t actually mad at the kid. He wasn’t wrong. Intruding on Cas’s privacy like that would have been awful and wrong but she was worried. She was terrified. She felt like she was about to lose another parent. And before she can deal with that (absolutely not new) revelation, her thoughts are interrupted.
“I screwed things up. Like I always do.” Dean wants to cry. He wants to cry and never stop crying.
“By eating the jumbo pack of nougat, that you apparently bought me,” Jack replied with a smile.
Eventually, when they did pull apart, they were both smiling, eyes glistening.
“You gotta save me dance though,” Claire says, not meeting anyone’s eyes and wearing a soft blush.
Dean laughed. He had never felt such sweet relief in his life.
“Don’t say shit like that, Cas,” Dean berated him. “Especially when you don’t know what it means.”
Suddenly Dean’s breath caught, he fell onto Cas, arms flailing, gasping for air.
“I think…” Sam paused, scraping the label off of the beer in his hand, trying to find the right words. “I think I was selfish when it came to wanting him around sometimes. He… His faith in me felt like absolution, you know?” He signs as he speaks. He’s not very good at it, but he’s learning.
“What?” Castiel asks concerned. “Did I say something wrong?”
“What date? He told me he was going out for burgers? Isn’t that considered ‘hanging out’, or whatever?” Dean exclaims, his hands flying as he signs fluidly.  He looks like a father who is
Deafening, earth-shattering, seemingly unending silence.
Dean wondered if Cas would look at him funny if he began sobbing like a 3-year-old. Probably not, Cas was too kind, He’d just hold Dean and soothe him, probably tell him a story about how he had made the constellations, to calm Dean down. And no matter how much Dean denied it, he wanted nothing more.
Cas pouts, “I know you’re making fun of me. But I did. I had a lot of fun.” Cas hmphs.
Sam finally sat down, “You both look at each other like, the rest of the world doesn’t really exist. Of course,
Dean has his back to Cas, but he knows Cas has his hands on his waist. There’s an exasperated look on his face that Dean loves to provoke because it has absolutely no heat but always leads to so much
They were all facing Dean and Castiel who were standing awkwardly at the other head of the table. Well, Dean was standing awkwardly; Castiel thought he was too elated to be able to feel any other emotion.
“Yeah man, why?” Dean sounded defeated.
“He took four hours to select the tablecloth cause it was not the exact shade of ‘Eggshell’ that I’d told him I preferred while looking at the catalogs once,” Cas says with fond exasperation and a smile audible in his voice. "It'd be a... lengthier disaster if I brought him. He's back at home."
“Yes”
For a moment, Dean was sure that was it. He would die there, in the Empty, in the arms of his Angel, the Angel he-
“You could’ve easily answered the question by now; if you weren’t so busy being a wet blanket,” Claire retorts.
“Nah Cas, I think he’ll love it.”
“Definitely Godly, at least,” Claire commented.
“Wha-No! Come on! I had the first choice.” Dean protests.
Team Free Will 3.0: Domesticated Edition, was doing pretty fucking well.
“We don’t give up on him” Dean repeated almost to himself.
“Really?” Cas turned around; his face lit up bright with a childish grin.
Their eyes finally lock and then, “I want this to be a new start for us. I want this marriage to be normal and legal and as true as possible. Everything we have ever done has been done in the shadows, hidden from the world. I don’t want this to be the same way. I want to have a relatively big celebration with all our friends and family. And I want everyone to know I am marrying the most kind, compassionate and beautiful man there has ever been. I want to show you off, anywhere and everywhere.” Cas’s voice is so soft Jack is sure Sam can’t hear any of it. The only reason he can, is because he's all-knowing. Yes, so, maybe he does sometimes use his powers to spy on people, sue him. Claire’s an idiot who’s just jealous that she can’t do it too.
“Who do you think, Aziraphale? Yours truly, obviously,” Claire replied with a proud smile, “I know you both better than you think,” she added and then turned to look Jack right in the eye, “And that’s why I’m the favorite.”
For a while, the only sound was that of the pattering of the rain against the roof of the Impala. And then suddenly, Dean was out of the car, pacing.
Dean hastily tried to flip the pancake, while Cas blushed with a smile. The pancake was burnt, so Dean trashed it with a sigh.
“Okay?” Cas asked confused, finally looking at Dean.
“We aren’t, not really” Sam replied, immediately.
“Dinner, anyone?” Sam asks.
“Eventually, I think so… Yes,” Jack said but sounded somewhat unsure himself.
“I love you too, Dean.”
“Of course, I’m sure!” Claire balks, “I’m offering, aren’t I? Just come to Sioux Falls, stay with us… we can only offer you the couch though—”
“It’s not over yet, buddy,” Dean sneers.
Castiel would fight hordes of demons till the end of time to hear that sound again.
Sam pauses. Dean can almost read Sam’s mind. He is trying to decipher what would be the best approach to take with Dean right now. He is wondering if he should probe Dean, interrogate him for answers or just allow him space to be… Dean.
Dean pouts, “Why?” He whines.
Dean looks down at the phone in his hand, he exhales again. He can hear the voice in the back of his head, telling him he cannot be loved and he is just plain disgusting. He closes his eyes, forces them shut. Taps on his forehead as if he can physically expel the thoughts out of him. He shakes his head once, trying desperately to clear his mind.
“Why not me, then?” Jack cut in, saving him a fear instilled trip to the other side of the planet.
“Oh my god, fuck off! Mick used to drool over you like you were a gift from God.”
But all of a sudden, he feels a kiss on the palm of his hand, his eyes shoot open.
“I thought it was a new thing?” Sam asks confused.
dumb.
“Oh, and how the fuck do we ‘sneak in’ to the damn Empty?” Dean asked, exasperated.
“Why am I here?” Dean balks.
“I thought we were joking around Dean,” Cas cuts him off, caressing a gentle hand across Dean’s cheek. “I know what you meant.”
Dean finally stopped pacing and then, “You cut out your grace, Cas!”
They all stare down at the bowl with fear brimming, they are met with unadulterated non-occurrence.
he thinks.
She smiles too.
He was made to believe he needed to be exactly what his father wanted him to be, and in trying to be a good son and a good brother, he felt like he’d lost himself somewhere. John’s incessant rants playing loudly on repeat inside his head, telling him what he could and
“Then come back home,” Claire pleads, angry.
“I want to officiate. Like Cas did for me and Eileen,” Sam replies from the back.
“Because…” Dean breaks. “Because.”
Dean just raised his eyebrow in reply.
“CAS!” Claire shouts.
“Why does it have to be such a big thing, Cas?” Dean asks softly, his hands are gripping onto the chair. Knuckles slowly turning white. “Why does it have to be such a big announcement? Why can’t it just be us, our makeshift broken little family? Are they not enough for you?” Dean’s volume rises slowly. “You want this big ass Greek fucking wedding, and you want the whole shebang with invites and receptions but- why the fuck does it need to be so fucking public? Why can’t it just be us?”
She can hear him trying to snuff a laugh and then, “Claire,” he chides again.
“Because he was an angel?” Eileen asks, from where she sits across from him in the War room.
“What’re you guys talking about?” Jack asks as he joins them on the dining table, pulling a chair next to Sam.
So, Dean begins, “There are very, very few things in this world that could make me be disappointed in you. I know you have done things, that you are not proud of. Things that haunt you and keep you up at night. And maybe, part of you wants to stay up at night and be Godly even when you hate it, as penance, or some sort of redemption for all the shit you did but that’s not how it works, kid. I’d know. I tried it… Look, you’re a good kid. Okay? You’re a fucking good kid. You made… mistakes. They were horrible and awful but they were just that; mistakes. If you were not a good kid, you’d never feel like shit for having done those things, so the fact that you carry those mistakes with you, and know never to repeat them again, makes you a good kid.
“Really man? That’s your fucking issue here?” Dean’s anger faded a bit. “Can we please go?” He asked letting go of Cas’s collar.
Castiel nods absently. He understands, Dean Winchester is the epitome of self-deprecation. Knowing he’s loved, accepting it in a vague sense with sex and soft morning touches is one thing but hearing it verbalised and presented so unabashedly is far from the realms of what he is currently capable of.
The moment Dean hears the line go dead and he pockets the phone– unthinking and automatic– is the moment that Cas walks into the garage. Dean feels the dread shake through his body like lightning crinkling through his veins.
Dean falters, “Oh… I thought—”
“Am too, Damien Thorn”
“Distraction for?” Dean asked.
And then Castiel can’t do anything but close the gap.
“It's not too late. It’s never too late,” Sam insists and Dean thinks maybe he said that aloud as well. But he didn’t, Sam just knows him that well, “You have to break it, Dean. I know you can. You have been doing pretty great, you know that. This—this was just a step back. You can recover. The question is, do you want to?” There’s a challenge in Sam’s voice.
“I’m proud of you too, you know?”
“Yes, but why would that make you think I was leaving right that second?” Castiel asked, brows furrowed.
Cas’s face breaks into a grin that justifies the use of the nickname he used only moments ago. He kisses Dean, a soft chaste thing. Because they can do that now. The quickness of it indicates that they have all the time in the world and that makes Dean so very giddy.
“If he wants to keep coming back till the day he dies, let’s speed it up, shall we?” The Empty was fury incarnate. “You know what? I’m feeling especially bitchy today, so here’s another deal, since you’re so fond of those, I'll even give you a choice... option A, give up, stop fighting me while you sleep and I kill him quickly or option B, leave him here and you can go, he lives but takes your place instead, reliving his regrets till kingdom come.”
“Cas—”
“I don’t know,” Jack answered, hands moving swiftly, “I think I should find out.”
“So,” Jack says walking into the kitchen, finally visible. All three of his fathers jump in surprise and a bit of beer is spilled.
“Are not!” Jack shouted, getting up from the chair.
August 23
with Dean,” Sam chortles while Dean balks and makes inaudible noises in the background.
Cas cuts him off, “I’d give you the sun if you wanted it, Jack. Nothing you want for is too selfish an ask,” He says with a gentle squeeze to Jack’s shoulder, “I just don’t want any of you in harm’s way, that’s all.”
Dean.
“You’ve been inside my head, you should’ve known… Choosing between anything and Dean Winchester…” Cas said calmly, as he pulled Dean’s around his shoulder and began walking back to the door to Death’s Reading Room, “It’s really no choice at all.”
“You said that the last time, and the time before that, and the time before that. So, on and so forth,” Cas said evenly, “But I like seeing you all the same.”
“No, Cas—”
Sam walked over to him finally, put his hand on the table, and leaned in, overshadowing Dean with his whole height, determination and anger etched onto his face, “Dad’s dead Dean. You can’t keep blaming him for everything. So, Stop. Pushing. Him. Away.”
"Bitch."
Castiel felt the car swerve just for a second, he looked over to Dean and it looked as if all the color had drained from his face. Well, fuck. Castiel was human now, he should start learning the most useful human skill of knowing when to keep his mouth shut.
Dean had to smile. He pulled Cas by the collar of his, no wait, Dean’s shirt, and kissed him fiercely.
The group spent the entire day having too much cotton candy, riding every single one of the rides, and buying too many unnecessary souvenirs.
Dean nodded, sullenly.
“Yeah well, that’s what Dean used to say about Cas. Like, relentlessly,” Sam sighs, suddenly remembering all the years and years of being ignored by his brother and his best friend in favour of eye-fucking. He shudders at the thought. “Anyway, you’ll bring this fine…” Sam pauses, “person, to the wedding?” Sam asks.
And just like that, the smile was back, “You’ve got a deal.”
“Of course. Throw that in my face, why don’t you? That too, in some stupid way, was to save your fine ass,” Castiel began walking over to Dean, “But if we are taking a trip down the memory lane, would you like to revisit the Mark of Cain perhaps?”
“I’m aware, Dean. I’m quite sure I was there when it happened,” Castiel deadpanned. He clearly had a death wish.
But when it is broken Dean can feel the pain of it down to his bones.
Amara laughs, small but present, “You have a funny way of charming people, kid. I hated being trapped in there but you were a much better ride than brother mine.” She lets her grip on Dean completely loose. He falls into Cas’s arms, and Cas hold him tight.
“I have a question though,” Jack says, with trepidation clear in his voice.
left!” Dean jabs a finger at his (most probably, ex) finance.
“Jesse,” Dean said dumbfounded, stuck to his spot, unable to move.
Break the cycle of trauma. Can Dean break it? He’s over 40. He’s died more times than he remembers and hasn’t got very long to live if his son keeps popping up behind him without warning. Isn’t it too late?
“When are you planning to do it?” Sam asked.
Dean finally breathed. Sam could practically the weight being lifted off his shoulders. He watched his brother finally relax after... decades.
Dean presses the breaks so fucking hard he can smell the tires burning as the car comes to a screeching halt.
Sam seemed to realize how rude his words sounded. He put his hands up in defense, “No! No, buddy. I just mean, I thought he would take me too, you know? I kinda would’ve liked to be involved in my brother buying a wedding ring,” he said turning towards Dean with a decisively lethal bitchface that would’ve made Castiel shudder if it were pointed towards him.
He pulled her back in for another kiss, this one more uncoordinated than the last, both their lips curled into a smile, “Absolutely.” He replied.
Later, as the car ride, which was spent discussing the menu for dinner, was coming to an end, Cas turned to him and said, “Thanks, Sammy,” with such devotion, that Sam swore he felt his heart melt.
She waits for a snarky reply but when none comes, she pauses her digging.
Dean grumbles in response. Castiel can’t help himself but smile.
“Dean?” He tried again.
“I think I should check in on Claire, she was hunting a ghoul near Colorado,” Cas said casually as if he wasn’t running away to make it easier for Dean to avoid him. Kind, naïve, unendingly giving Cas, walked out of the kitchen as quickly as he could.
brother. So, I thought it wouldn’t be fair.”
Sam countered, “Or at least, that's what I thought.”
“I won’t tell Sam if you don’t” Jack added.
“I think we’ve established that’s not happening anytime soon.”
He can’t say that because maybe… maybe there’s a part of him that thinks that something that feels so fucking right cannot be wrong. Just
Jack shies away, scratching his neck, as Cas moves forward to shield him. Sam is kind of astonished at how the kid manages to radiate godhood at one moment and then go back to being a regular old teenager the next.
“Again?” Sam asks, looking at Jack now.
It was drizzling lightly. Dean had offered to take Castiel on a drive, suggesting it would help. Help whom, Castiel wasn’t sure. But, as usual, he could never refuse Dean anything. Dean and Cas sat in relative silence, both sneaking glances at each other when they thought the other wasn’t looking.
“No, I don’t,” She says, “But I have a condition. Well, two.”
Dean pushes the break so hard he’s sure he’s left skid marks on the street. Cas braces himself with a hand on the dashboard but doesn’t react otherwise, almost as if expecting Dean to be this dramatic. But Dean can’t quite help it.
“But I missed you,” Dean adds because he did. He moves in closer, even though there isn’t any closer to get. “I hate missing you.”
Cas takes a shower and Kaia cooks dinner while Claire fidgets, trying to make sure everything’s okay for Cas. He eats with a big smile on his face and looks only a little better afterward. She lets him sleep on the couch and lets Kaia hold her tighter as they sleep that night. She’s still worried.
“Come back,” Sam orders. It’s not a suggestion or a request. It’s a command. “Come back and then we’ll talk.”
. He’s tried and successfully verbalized some of his fears. He still remembers the night when instead of walking off from their bed when woken up by a horrible, gut-wrenching nightmare from hell (literally), he stayed in Cas’s arms. He remembers letting Cas hold him. He remembers breaking down, sobbing hopelessly and Cas understanding it all, without so much as a word being spoken. He remembers the next day when he woke up rested and feeling much lighter, only to be greeted with a red-eyed ex-angel who looked back at Dean with such devotion that he swore he could feel the Earth stop on its damn axis. He remembers asking Cas what was wrong, being worried and scared and terrified only to be answered with a wet chuckle and a soft
“I was absorbed. I didn’t vanish into thin air!” Amara states, “I was in there!” She shouts, punctuating every word with a jab of her finger into Jack’s chest, “And I hated every minute of it.” She shudders. “This is not what I meant when I said I wanted to get to know you.” She adds looking at Jack.
“I found the summoning spell for the Empty” Sam cut him off, and left him speechless.
“Cas... You- You walked into my life with literal sparks, man. And Angel or not; you’ve always been fucking divine. I didn’t even realize I’d fallen for you until I was so completely gone on you. You’ve always been so good, so genuinely good, and kind, and compassionate, and so fucking hot… I never thought- I never thought I could have you, all this time I didn’t even think you’d
“Maybe you could ask them?” Sam suggests. Cas looks up at him, expectantly. So, Sam continues, “Call Jack, call Claire, sit them down and ask them to pick either of you two. I mean you’ll find out exactly who likes who better, maybe it’ll hurt your ego… but it’s either that or hurt their feelings. So…”
“Buddy, you gotta stop lying while I’m right here,” Dean said finally pulling a chair and sitting next to Sam. “You used your mojo to make him forget, how many times?”
Cas pressed a very gentle kiss to his temple and whispered in his ear, “Thank you, my love.”
Dad. I thought I’d made it up. But I get it now, why it was always so clear, why it always ended with the same words.
Sam looked back at Jack when his silence persisted and faltered.
"Not anymore, Donna," Cas interrupted shyly.
“I…” Dean runs a hand through his hair, breathes in deeply, and looks as if he decides to finally spill, “I got a call from an old friend of John’s. He was congratulating me about the wedding and telling me how proud he was of me for being able to do this,
“Will you be my best man?”
“It is,” Eileen replied. Sam flinched. Honesty is an important part of every relationship, but that doesn’t mean she had to slap him with it.
do that now. He can do so many things to Dean and all of them, as he’s imagined, feel absolutely fucking divine. Castiel turns to face Dean, the angle makes it so, that his lips line up perfectly with Dean’s forehead.
“Are not, E-Girl Wannabe!”
“Sorry, I thought it would be funny,” Jack replied plainly.
Claire nods stiffly.
“So, you are… Him” Sam said with wonder.
“YOU TOOK JACK?” Sam squealed exasperated.
Frustrated, he stopped walking and breathed out harshly. He took a moment and then, fell to his knees.
“Then freakin’ dipped!” Dean threw right back.
“What do you mean ‘how do I know’?” Jack asked confused.
Cas throws a rock and Dean throws a scissor. Sam almost snickers, because obviously, Dean threw scissors. But he is afraid to interrupt whatever is going on in front of him at least until he has some idea as to why this game of Ro-Sham-Bo seems like a life-or-death scenario.
to take you, you fucking summoned it,” Dean chastised.
Dean asked again, voice louder, filled with confusion. “You fucking knew?!”
Castiel took Dean’s hand in his nuzzled his nose into Dean’s hair gently, “You’re not emotionally constipated, just… temporarily plugged.”
“Okay… what the fuck?” Dean asked exasperated and running out of patience.
He thinks.
“It was love at first… stab” Sam adds and almost falls of the chair laughing.
“Dean, what are you—”
“From ashes to ashes, sort of a thing?” Dean wonders with a smirk.
Dean breathed. “I’m sorry, kid.” He said as gently as possible.
“It’s not trouble, asshole! I was just scared okay? We’ve been looking for you for weeks. Weeks! And you just went off the grid and at first, I thought you’d call, you know? You usually call all the time. But you didn’t and I get it, you needed space. But… I just… I was scared, okay? I was scared you weren’t okay… Are you? Are you okay, Aziraphale?” Claire asks cautiously. She knows she sounds like a child who can’t find her parent anywhere in aisle seven of the damn grocery store. But that’s exactly how she feels and right now she doesn’t have the courage to put up the façade to pretend otherwise.
“I didn’t completely hate having you as a voice in my head either,” Jack admits with a smile. “Thank you for helping me build the new angels, I don’t think I would’ve been able to do it without you.”
But then you said you did and I didn’t even to say it back, Cas! How’s that fair? The love of my life, died in front of me, died for me, thinking I didn’t love him back… But I do Cas… of course, I do, I do, so fucking much. And I can’t say this will be easy, I’m still pretty shitty but I’ll try to be better, for you… I guess what I’m tryna say is that you can have this Cas, I’m yours. I’m pretty fucking sure, I always have been…”
Sam was too brash, too haughty, and independent to follow his father’s order blindly. He was not going to be a weapon for someone to use. John believed that was because Sam was too much like his old man. He couldn’t have been more wrong. Sam was capable of want, of desire, simply because he wasn’t raised by John at all. He was raised by Dean instead. With love, care, and compassion, and a horrible sense of humor. So, Sam, unlike his brother, could separate himself from his father’s sculpting hand. Dean, however, wasn’t so lucky.
“No.” Cas replied while dumping five boxes of Crunch Cookie Crunch into the shopping cart.
The whole room went silent. For a moment.
“I don’t think I understand dreams. I had them the first time I became human, but only briefly. I never had the comfort I do now, so I didn’t often get the chance to sleep peacefully enough to have dreams,” Cas’s words are meant to be an explanation, and they hold no resentment whatsoever, but Dean’s guilt makes itself known regardless, and that too with the loudest, most gut-wrenching thud possible.
Another.
Claire nods again with a small smile of her own. She remembers resenting the man sitting next to her for the first time, as an Angel of the Lord. He was a force to be reckoned with, mind focused on a single purpose. To that immovable Angel, everything that was not that stood in the way of his mission was a hindrance to be done away with. She remembers thinking he was just another monster who took her family and broke it apart, falsely claiming that it was for a righteous cause that could never benefit her, because nothing that could orphan her could ever really be righteous, could it?
“Hey!” Dean objected but it fell on deaf ears as everyone hummed their agreements.
“Ha, ha, ha!” Dean turned around, began walking again, “Not gonna work on me, Sam.”
“I’m just being honest! You’re just jealous cause they love me more,” Jack retorts.
“Vengeful,” Dean completes.
“Is giggling really loudly at two in the morning, on the day of one’s wedding a regular human custom or are you all just going crazy?”
“Cas?” Dean urges.
Sam’s eyes were glistening, and Dean was sure, his were too.
And Castiel looked back at Dean and saw Dean looking back at him. Their eyes met and there was something in Dean’s eyes Castiel couldn’t quite read.
“I don’t see how that’s a bad thing,” Cas says getting into the passenger seat and drops the crowbar into the backseat. Claire follows suit and gets in the driver's seat.
Dean can’t even fathom how to answer that question.
It has been an absolute pleasure writing these boys. I loved them with all my heart and for me, they will live on here, on this site, in some perfect fanfic. I wrote this mostly because I couldn't bear with how the show ended, especially when these boys were my family for 15 goddamn years. I hope I've done a better job. I hope you like this better than that shit show of a finale, and if you did, I hope it made you feel at least a little less pissed. Thanks for taking the time to read my drabble. And thank you so much for being part of this fandom with me.
want to,” Cas says easily and Claire can hear the affection over the poor connection of the call so clearly, it scares her a bit. She sometimes wonders how her Dad would have talked to her now, but then she hears Cas say such things and think she might never have to wonder at all. And again she doesn't want to deal with this (absolutely not new) revelation, so she focuses on his words, “But I know it’s hard for you, and I’d never hold that against you, never. You know that, right?” Cas sounds scared.
“All offense!” Dean huffed.
“Absolutely not,” Dean said, as evenly he could.
he was. He was defined by what he did.
“Drunk?” Dean supplies.
Sam joins in, “I guess so.” Sam sighs, pauses and then adds, “But honestly, I used to think you had the biggest, the most gigantic stick shoved so far up your ass, that I could see it down your throat every time you opened your mouth to talk.”
The ghost of Principal Margorie Ward does not take too kindly to that and throws Cas a few feet away at a headstone. She manifests on top of him and begins to strangle him hissing slowly, “You’ve been a very naughty boy.”
Sam extends his hand, offering Dean support. Offering Dean assistance. Offering Dean, a literal helping hand, so he doesn’t have to do this all alone. Dean looks up at his younger brother, who doesn’t seem younger at all, right now. He is towering over Dean and his face unyielding and set with anger. But there, under all of that anger is a hint of the ocean of compassion and unending worry. He suddenly remembers looking into the mirror all those years ago, when he found out about Sam’s guilty pleasure of feasting on Demon Blood. He realizes at this moment; he too wore the same expression once.
This time, Castiel was the one who broke the silence, “Why did you think I was leaving, Dean?”
“Yeah! We’re as youthful as it gets. Just cause you’re a freaking twenty something, doesn’t mean
Silence.
“You sure?”
“He sa—said he was sorry but he couldn’t attend the wedding. Not because he didn't approve or anything. But cause it was a Sunday and he was needed at the church. But he was glad that I had the courage to go after what I wanted,
“You remember how Dad kinda upped his douchebag game after that Shtriga thing happened, and you almost got hurt?”
“Fuck! Should’ve done that ages ago.” Dean sounded utterly giddy. "That was probably the best kiss I've ever had. You sure you're a rookie?" He added with a wink and smirk.
He shouts. “I don’t think it can be, but fuck yea! I
“That’s a load bullshit if I’ve ever heard one” Dean scoffed.
Dean looked at him a second and then, “Morning sunshine,” he smiled and leaned in to put a chaste kiss on his lips. “Grab a seat, sasquatch’s gonna help me with the pancakes today.”
Both men jump in shock at the sudden sound, almost falling off their respective chairs. "Man, you scared the shit out of me," Sam states.
“How is me being extremely loveable a bad thing?” There’s so much smugness in Cas’s voice, Dean has to smile again. “I mean, for you maybe.” He adds after a second, “I have you, how does Sam put it? Oh yeah, ‘whipped’,” again with the air quotes.
Except that’s not right. He was more, maybe not to himself but to someone else. To someone, he was “…
Footsteps broke him out of his trance. He looked up and watched as Sam and Cas, greeted Eileen and made their way to the kitchen island, carrying groceries with smiles on their faces, discussing the documentary they had watched the night before. And Dean was angry all over again because at that moment Cas looked- he looked so human. He wasn’t wearing his old rotten trench coat. He was wearing a soft-looking, somewhat oversized Ramones t-shirt and black jeans. He was not the Angel of the lord, just another human, fumbling around with eggs.
“Okay,” Sam could finally breathe.
And he wishes more than anything that he couldn’t. He feels so aware of everything around him but at the same time, he feels like the Earth is still spinning but just forgot to bring him along for the ride so he’s just left behind, abandoned.
“It’s that easy?” Cas deadpans.
“It can’t be both.” Cas doesn’t sound even remotely angry. He just sounds fucking tired. “Either I’m your buddy or your sweetheart... I don’t think I can be both.” Dean had made the most patient man slash ex-angel tired. Someone should hand him a trophy, call it the Asshole of the Year award. “I don’t think I want to be both…”
“Yes…” Cas looked shy; his eyes fell onto his hands which were holding an ancient cassette player.
“Sure, it’s not like you guys had a Flickr album together or anything… oh wait.” And Cas smirks, the smug bastard.
“He’s right,” Sam said. “Your family… us, we’re your connection to humanity. Without that, you’d be just like him, a king in a high castle. Besides, it’d be like following in your dad’s footsteps.”
A moment passed and Dean’s brain finally turned back on, “What good will that do? Jack can’t kill it, and that thing hates Cas with every black goo drop of it’s being, so what are we gonna do? Make
Cas and Sam snicker.
“You stop using scissors when you actually
“Oh, oh! We’re talking about smarmy British asshats, are we? Might I remind you of a certain Arthur Ketch, then?”
“Does that mean the milkshakes and burgers are on you, from now on?” Claire asks with a smile. And she can feel the happiness radiate off of the passenger seat the moment the words leave her lips.
“I’m not real?” Dean asked dumbly.
makes for good comedy.
“Well, isn’t that just so fucking poetic?” came a voice from behind them.
“What?”
“Shut it! Both of you, monsters.” Donna cut them both off, her voice was firm yet kind. Castiel admired her ability to remain warm even when scolding two children who for all intents and purposes, in the eyes of the world, should not have been bickering like children, to begin with. “I need to know who popped the damn question.”
“NO!” Dean screamed as the Empty let him go and tried to haphazardly stop Cas. In the end, both were too slow.
“Is that bad?” Jack asked, his voice small.
Sam didn’t mention him by name, but Dean’s breath caught all the same.
Dean can’t help it. He gives in, “Fuck no, he wasn’t.”
The next day a 67’ Chevy Impala rolls in front of her.
“You already made your choice,” Cas points out.
loved him.
But then she met him again. He’d looked for her relentlessly, showed up prepared to take whatever spite, blame, and fury she threw at him, promising to only want to be there to help and nothing else. He looked so fucking different from the Angel she remembered that it took the breath out of her. He walked more loosely. He joked (or tried to). He made awkward faces. He smiled. He said kind words. He didn’t wear a tie.
“As something Godly, myself; I agree,” Jack said somberly.
“That’s more than enough, Claire. More than I can ask for,”
“Then you’re shit at communicating Dean, not at being queer.”
“What?” Castiel asks.
For a while, he was met with nothing but silence… and then, “Hello Dean.”
should’ve protected me… I think it triggered something…”
“Oh,” Castiel replied dumbfounded.
“I mean that I know,” Jack said, taking another bite. “Not because I’m God or something.” He added in haste, “I’ve always known.”
May 18
“Maybe not,” Sam’s words manage to slap Dean right across the face, “But I made you a promise a few months ago, do you remember?”
He opened it and held it in front of Cas, with shaking hands. He heard Cas’s breath catch.
“Dean?” Sam asks, finally breaking the mortifying silence that was about to swallow Dean whole. “What happened?”
, he thinks staring down at the bottle of beer in his hand. Shaking his head, trying desperately to get rid of the crimson on his face, he shrugs, “With all the bad luck we’ve had, all the times we’ve lost each other and all the time we wasted thinking the other wasn’t hopelessly in love with the first… yeah, us actually walking down the aisle is as close as it gets to something world ending,” Dean says, wistfully with the hint of a smile, “now at least.”
Dean falters. He grips onto the wheel a little tighter. “What did he say?”
“Yeah, yeah. It sucks. I know. You hate it, get in line. It’s my fucking bachelor party, trust me, I hate it way more than you do,” Dean says as he begins to gather the discarded bottle of beer and stashing them back in the cooler.
Silence.
“Am too!”
“And he bought a ring too, like, three (?) weeks ago,” Claire added.
“I—I think I can make it so that—that there is no God ever needed again. I—I cou—could make the world go on without one,” Jack replies, hesitant and slow.
Cas looked down at his hands, and somehow looked more human than he had in the past week, “I don’t think I have anything left to offer… without my grace, I’m a pretty awful hunter. And now... Dean won’t even look at me,” his voice was a small broken thing as he added, “I may have been right before, you both have each other, Jack… has the world; maybe it’s time for me to move on.”
“Cas- “Sam began and then cut himself off. He needed to do this properly, needed Cas to not just listen, but understand. So he walked over to the ex-angel, turned him by his shoulder, and looked him in eye as he said, “Cas, I know we’ve been pretty shitty- “
“Cas isn’t with you?” Sam asks.
Later when he was a bit older, he’d taken his first steps towards his elder brother. The first word he’d spoken, wasn’t ‘dada’ or ‘mama’, but ‘Dee’. Much later, when his girlfriend had been subjected to the same fate as his mother, his brother had dragged him out of the burning building again. He had even sold his soul to save Sam when he'd died unceremoniously, at an abandoned ghost town of Cold Oak.
Sam’s cut off by a loud gong. The gong bangs again. And again. And again. And again. The sound screeching, hurting their ears. The three men fall to the knees, hands covering their ears in a futile attempt while blood trickles down from their ears onto their necks.
“I do?” Jack asked with a grin.
Cas reaches over and wipes away Dean’s tears, “You have me—as Sam likes to call it—whipped.”
He presses on the pedal harder still.
“What the fuck, man?”
“Where are you, Aziraphale?” Claire is worried too.
He breathes in deep, exhales, and then, “It’s… It’s like a voice in the back of my head. I can’t get rid of it. I know that I’m happy with where I am right now, with my family. Happier than I’ve ever been, but—but it won’t shut up. I love Cas, with everything I have but… sometimes… the voice…
“What do we call her?” Eileen asked.
“Yeah, yeah. I’m fine.”
Dean. I’m your brother, for fuck’s sake. I just always thought you knew that I know and that I’m okay- no. That I’m
And for a moment all the guys remain silent until, “That seems reasonable,” Sam says.
“Oh, fuck off, Ferris. You look like a nerd, like you were made for college. Honestly, I’m surprised it took you so long.” Claire shoves Jack affectionately.
“Show’s over. We’re gonna go pick up those rowdy kids and head on home, back to the bunker,” Dean replies.
“You remember how I asked you which Zepp song you liked best?”
“He hasn’t. He lives in India, surfs a lot, and runs a charity.” Jack countered.
“To say goodbye, or perhaps to tell me never to come back.”
“And you’re okay with it?” Cas asked, ignoring the profoundly bad retort.
“I would be lying my ass off if I said the feeling’s mutual.” Jesse replied, “You’re both nothing but trouble and I was kinda hoping to never run into you again… ever.”
“Cas, it’s me, man. I’m real” Dean insisted, his voice thick with emotions he couldn’t voice.
“You were such an asshole,” Sam manages to choke out between fits of laughter.
“Technically… we both did,” Dean replied finally with a fragile smile.
” Sam screamed as he stood up, completely confounded.
“I’m not telling you,” Sam replied.
get hungry.” Cas whispers, “I’ve even heard there is a whole world outside.”
Dean has to pause. He doesn’t like talking, it makes him vulnerable and if there is one thing he was always taught not to be, it's being fucking vulnerable. But he knows that’s because he can still hear this angry voice inside his head, telling him being vulnerable is the same as being weak, and being weak gets everyone you love killed. And he knows without a shadow of a doubt that that voice belongs to man long dead, who liked to pretend to be Dean’s dad.
That was it, wasn’t it? Jack was now God. He was the most powerful being in existence; brimming with the powers of God, and the Archangel Michael along with his own father, the Archangel Lucifer. He was in a way, power incarnate.
“We have to go out eventually, you know? We
“No,” Jack replies calmly.
But Sam refuses to be his father, because Sam isn’t his father. He opens his mouth to say something, only to be cut off by Claire.
getting married. As much as she loathes to admit it, even to herself, watching them happy and content is comforting in a way that can only make sense to someone who has watched their life be ripped apart by the evils that exist in this very fucked up world. And Claire knows this life doesn’t always provide you pleasures or moments of happiness, oh does she know. So maybe, just maybe, watching two of the unluckiest guys on the planet make nauseating heart eyes at each other gives her hope. Maybe.
Sam’s heart crushes in. Of course, Jack wants some semblance of normalcy. He was never even given the chance. They just gave him one responsibility after another, using him time and again for his power, never letting him just… live. And in the end, when it was all said and done, when they themselves were ready to give up this cruel, vengeful life, they just handed him the reigns of the entire world. And he took it all without a single complaint, never for a second asking for anything in return only for himself except this one small thing.
But more than anything he wants Cas.
Dean remembers the feeling in his chest when he watched Cas rebel against heaven, against everything he knew and worshiped since the dawn of time. ‘
“Yes,” Dean said plainly.
“I did not screw up with the spe—”
Finally, “I don’t have anything to ask, sweetheart. Well… not about that. I just want to know; how can I help?” Dean asks.
Well, that settles it then, “We’ll be right there, kid,” Dean replies.
Cas walked over and took a seat next to Jack. Jack smiled at him softly, earnestly. Cas pulled him by the shoulder and placed a gentle kiss on the top of his head.
“You got a ring?” Sam asked, with a smile of his own.
“For the love of Jack, please stop being so sappy Aziraphale,” Claire chides with barely any heat.
“Oh?”
But he can’t. He just fucking
“But we are quite selfish when it comes to wanting things from family. We become so sure that they will be around no matter what, that we demand things without thinking about it, I think.” She added gently.
“No! No. That’s not it,” He answers impatiently, “I just…” Jack exhales, “I don’t know, I… I wanted to be a little sure about it, I guess? You guys are special… I just—just wanted to be sure. That’s all.”
Yeah, Cas was home.
Cas leans in and kisses Dean so fucking soft and sweet, Dean thinks all those times he was in heaven didn’t do the idea of serene happiness any fucking justice. They move in closer, as close as possible and it’s still not enough. It's been weeks since either of them held the other and their hunger seeps into every single lick and bite of the other's lips. They're going hard and hungry but the need is still based on a softness neither of them can voice. But right now, they are pretty fucking needy. They’re grasping at each other for dear life. Dean climbs onto Cas’s lap, straddling him. Cas lets out a deep guttural moan as Dean begins moving his hips seeking friction and at that Dean has to pull back.
They stay in bed till late hours of the afternoon, only getting out to make lunch once their stomachs rumble.
Chuck may have been God, but first and foremost he was a creator, a writer. The fact that his creations looked up to him as their Father and worshipped him fully was an ego boost, sure but to him it was secondary. All he ever cared about was his story. It was hilarious then, that he failed to understand that he had made a fatal flaw, he'd given all his ‘characters’ free will. He was too arrogant to consider that to be a threat, and in the end, that was his biggest mistake.
“Never,” Cas promises.
“Could have been worse. I could have been Lucifer’s son,” Jack replies smiling.
“You think he’ll like it?” Cas asked, hopeful.
“Least we could do,” Sam replied laughing.
“Exactly what it means.”
“What? You’re giving up?” Sam asked without looking up from his book, challenging. At Dean’s lack of response, he finally looked at his brother. “Dean?”
apologize for it. I did what I had to do. If there were
Cas nods in agreement, his expression hard.
“What did I say? Down, boy!” Amara says, choking Cas only a bit before letting go. She looks back at Jack and then, “All I ever wanted was to have a family. With Chuck being the fucking backstabbing douchebag that he is, you’re all I’ve got left. So just, I don’t know—hang out with me once in a while, alright? Swing by and we can go out for those frozen yogurt things you like so much. Does that work?”
“My greatest love?” Dean croaked.
“We love you too, Jack, very much,” Cas said.
You’ve been there every step of the way, in our corner when no one else was. We’re not gonna kick you to the curb just because you don’t have your grace anymore.” Sam felt like he needed every word to hit Cas hard, he needed Cas to
“He—He just got the invite in the mail and… I saw his name pop on the screen, and I was scared. Of course, I was scared, the man’s a fucking Pastor for fuck’s sake. But you know? He was a good enough guy. He took care of us and gave a place when Dad fucked off to wherever the fuck he wanted to, so I thought I’d like him at the wedding.” Dean breathes audibly, “Surprisingly though, he said he was happy to hear that I was settling down. He said he was fucking ecstatic that I was able to get out of this life alive, with someone I loved, with someone who loved me.”
“Happy Birthday, Sammy.”
Dean knows he shouldn’t, somewhere deep down. He is aware that how he is about to react is not how he wishes to, but sometimes knowing and wishing doesn’t translate to doing, so he says, “Why? Cause I’m some pig-headed high-school dropout?” He especially doesn’t want to add, “Too dumb for Castiel, the
It finally connects.
“Boo!” Dean snorted.
“Did we wake you?” Sam asks guiltily.
Cas just nods.
“You heard Cas,” Jack steps forward, warning.
“What do you think you’re doing?” The Empty asked.
“Like… Like a prayer, I guess…” Dean answers, small.
There was a brief pause and then, Dean said, “Okay.”
“When you showed up off your rocker cause you realized God didn't give a shit?” Sam remembers vividly. Seeing Cas drunk back then felt like looking at a comet, rare and terrifyingly existential up close.
Now, I can apologize for the late update and say it won't happen again but that'll just be disingenuous. I have been swamped at work but I am really happy about that. I'm getting to learn a lot and getting to express myself creatively. So I've been very excited about that. But I am sorry for not updating. Apart from work, I couldn't really find the words to express what I wanted to say for a long time but I think this is pretty good. So let me know what you guys think? I love reading the comments.
Their eyes locked and just like that, both of them were lost to the world around them.
A blush creeps up on Dean’s cheeks.
Cas opened the player and handed Dean the cassette.
“You barely let Cas have it. Hell, you didn’t give us the Impala for our honeymoon.” Sam counters.
“You’re shitting me.” Dean looked around, hoped someone would be yelling ‘Sike’ any moment.
Sam and Dean felt, well it couldn’t be shock but something resembling bewilderment along with awe. Jack was still, in their eyes, the kid that ate too many nougats.
“Fucking weirdos, all of you” Claire goes back to digging. She finally finds the coffin, yanks it open. She climbs out of the grave and pours salt and gasoline over the corpse. She’s covered in mud and very aware of Cas fighting the ghost behind her. “Why the hell was I the one digging, anyway? Shouldn’t you do the heavy lifting?”
“I guess.”
three,” Cas retorts, sounding like he is two seconds away from smiting someone.
He looks at Sam where he sits across from him and there is nothing but sorrow on his face. He remains silent, giving Dean the time and luxury to compose himself. Sam knows Dean better than anyone, maybe not through and through but definitely knows him best; so, Sam knows Dean needs this moment and he’s very willing to give it.
Dean, the broken shell of a man that he is, turns the car around and begins driving back.
“…why?”
Both grown men are laughing hard enough to have tears spill over.
Sam made a noise of a whip being cracked, “Whipped!” He said teasingly, while Eileen just chuckled and stepped away.
“Yeah. ‘Okay’.” Dean shrugged, and was met with an exasperated huff from Sam.
“What do you mean, you know?” Dean asked, his voice clearly laced with panic.
“You bet your sweet asses I am,” Dean replies, content.
Dean felt the wind knocked out of him. “What?” is all he could get out.
He can hear Jack shuffle on the other end, “I barely understand being human and… I think maybe you’d think I am too young to understand what you’re going through and maybe I am… But I think something that has been ingrained into your head for such a long time will take a lot of effort to erase. I know you’re strong, Dean. Frankly, I think you’re invincible. You’re pretty much my superhero,” Dean’s heart does a backflip off the roof and he’s smiling so wide his face hurts, “…but even superheroes have sidekicks.”
“Cas, that’s not-…” Dean pleads.
As if Castiel could ever possibly refuse that. He smiled, “As you wish,” and kissed him.
Dean Winchester had protected his baby brother all his fucking life. But there hadn’t been enough occasions for Sam to be able to repay the debt. But then, there it was, the one thing Dean wanted more than anything else, one thing he couldn’t live without, not really. And Sam would be damned if he wasn’t going to get it for him. He was going to get that stupid self-sacrificial angel back from the Shadow even if it meant that he'd have to live through another thousand repeated Tuesdays, listening to Asia.
“Yeah well,” Sam began hands held out in defense in a futile attempt to placate Dean, “We were thinking- “
"Let's keep it that way," Dean said flinging his spatula.
“Yeah, cause he can
Dean’s chest was going to cave in. It was always one extreme or the other when talking to Cas. It was either thunderous anger, absolute bliss or this, unwavering pain. The guy talked like he was presenting you a piece of his heart, the intensity of it was… ‘unbalancing’.
“Would you believe me if I said yes?” Jack asked.
Dean was on sitting on the bed in the infirmary. Sam was opposite him, on a chair, stitching the gash on his left shoulder. Eileen was standing next to Sam, cleaning a scab on Dean’s forehead. Cas was in front of them… pacing.
“Yes, you dumbass,” Dean replied, his smile absolutely brilliant. “I love you, Cas. I’ve loved you for so long, I don’t think I remember a time when I didn’t. I shoulda told you a long time ago, but I thought- I thought you
Two hours later they are all in the kitchen and Sam leans on the kitchen island and patiently watches Dean and Cas stand and fidget as both Jack and Claire sit opposite each other on the table giving each other questioning glances.
At this Cas turns back to look at Dean. And now Cas is the one balking, “Why would I ever want to end it?”
Dean has to concede to that. But, “The car would make him cooler.”
was sorry and how
Cas turns away and looks out the window.
“Come on, woosh us away, let’s go!” Dean charged. “I don’t need to see the angstier version of her. I like living.”
Cas hesitated. And then Dean finally saw it, Cas was afraid.
Dean wants to reply, he does. He has spent the last year, since Cas’s return, trying to be better at this. Not for Cas, but because of him
“You’re not taking the Angel, Winchester. We had a deal. He had his moment of happiness, now he’s mine.” The Empty said with determination.
Sam sighed and stepped forward, “Let’s start from the beginning, okay? You remember Jesse Turner?”
Jack is silent for a long time, so long that Dean is about to check if the call got disconnected, but suddenly, “You know, if what our fathers wanted us to be defined us, I’d be a lot more screwed than you.”
“Yeah. Why?” Dean’s eyes were still on the road but his discomposure was clear on his face.
“Come on, sweetheart. You slept over at Jody’s place. Didn’t even get to hold you last night. Least you could do is give me a damn kiss,” Dean complains walking over to his man, resting his hands around his waist and pulling him close. “I’m not even wearing my suit yet… you can look, come on. Please?” He begs. “I missed you, angel,” He whispers.
Sam saw Dean smile wistfully. Sam doesn’t quite remember seeing his brother this happy in... ever.
Dean shudders under Sam’s cold stare and colder tone. He inhales deeply and exhales slowly. He balls up his hands into fists, digs his fingernails into his palms, and then with all the courage he can muster up, “Pastor Jim called.”
“If anything, I wanted ‘Over the Hills and Far Away’ to remind you of me, you know?” Dean said.
So, he decides to do what he does best. He shuts the trunk, gets in the car and he drives off.
“Guess again, himbo.” Meg, no, the Empty sneered.
“Yes,” came a reply.
“Really?” Dean looked pissed then, “You’re laughing at me too? I’m too emotionally constipated for you?”
“I said, BOO! You’ve been God for like what? 10 minutes and you’re already waxing poetic about it?” Dean has fought Gods and won; he doesn’t care. “Look I get it, alright? There’s a whole world out there for you to… god. And you’ll do great. You’re a good kid, you’ll knock this gig out of the park, I’m sure but we aren’t asking for miracles. We’re just saying, swing by once in a while, check in with your folks. We’ll worry is all.”
And the funny thing is Dean realizes, this brimming feeling inside him that kept nagging him on and on, that he was going to lose it all, that he didn’t deserve this good an ending was so fucking constant that it had become an innate part of him. So much so that now he could– after months and months of holding onto Cas a bit too tight during the night– just simply shelve it. He’s not sure he’d go as far as to say he could ignore it, no. But he could shelve it high enough that it wouldn’t impact the pure bliss of the aforementioned ‘good times’. Because at the end of the day, isn’t that the whole point of the good times? To be lived through with such vigor that the rest of your life becomes… ‘other times’ or ‘bad times’ or something in the middle.
If it were anyone else asking, Sam would’ve laughed but this was Cas. Castiel, the angel who fell for his brother, time and time again. Castiel, who loved his brother more than the whole world. Castiel, who was his naïve, kind best friend. So instead, he said, “You’ve got it, Cas. You always did.”
“Cas?” Dean urges.
“Thanks, Dean.”
“No. I meant how did you know,” Cas says, annoyed.
“Why the hell would I run over here if I did?” Maybe Sam was right about everything. Maybe Cas really was unbelievably clueless.
He darted to his room with so much force, he almost took the door with him. But it was empty too.
Jack takes a step forward, brings his hand above the bowl which houses the ingredients to the spell Sam and Jack design together, to summon the Darkness. He slashes his palm with a knife, dripping his blood into the bowl. While the scratch on his palm shimmers with golden light, healing the gash, the blood mixes with the ingredients.
than okay with it.”
“He’s gonna jump out of a fucking corner and yell ‘Sike!’ and we’ll have to watch everything fall away,” Dean completed.
“You wanna talk about it?” Dean asked.
“How does that even matter? It’s not like anything we do is legal,” Dean interjects offhandedly from the dinner table where he’s sitting with a beer in his hand, with Cas standing behind him, huffing in protest.
And just as suddenly as the whispering began, it ends. They both nod at each other and get up.
“Dean?” Cas asks. His voice sounds closer now. Dean’s hands, however, are gripping onto the edge of the trunk so hard he’s sure either the metal will give out or his hands will.  Any other day, Dean would quip about how all the posturing is all for Cas’s sake. Cause Cas is the one who drools over Dean’s arms like he wants to somehow eat and be smothered by them all at once. But this is not any other day, is it? This isn’t a ‘good time’.
, come back to you,” Cas whispers back.
Dean chuckled and added, “Right back atchya, Sammy.”
Cas looked at him dumbfounded for a moment and then, “Carbonite? I’m not frozen, Dean. If anything, I’m dead.”
“You too, huh?” Dean asked, pulling the ring out of the box. He noticed the carving, and realized it was Enochian, “What does it say, Cas?”
“Nervous?” Dean asked, barely able to form words.
“I just—I don’t know. I was worried.” Hesitant.
“What is wrong with you people?” Claire asks, now even she is smiling. Jack is laughing too now.
was anxiety.” Cas sounds so confused.
“I want to be
, you know? But he’s shit at dealing with it all, he never had to even try… before us. He can read people, maybe but he doesn’t always understand them. All he understands are words… Words that you refuse to verbalize.”
“Probably me,” came Castiel’s response from the doorway. He walked over to Dean, and stood there for a second, as if unsure of whether he was allowed to acknowledge what had happened between him and Dean outside of their little bubble.
Claire smiles, “Wear a collar. You’ll look stupid, it’ll be fun.”
“Didn’t see a point?”
“Would Crowley even be considered a bad guy anymore? Didn’t he sacrifice himself to save you guys?” Jack asks.
“Of course, Claire,” Cas replies earnestly.
“I want you to be real, but I’m not sure I can bear it if you aren’t.” His voice was so low, Dean wouldn’t have heard it if he weren’t standing so close.
“Thank you, Sammy.”
human, he had come to despise so much. He was now something worse than dead, he was completely and utterly
“Cas?” he screamed into nothingness.
And then the next moment, Cas was holding the Angel blade to his throat, and his face was steel. He looked as fierce as he had that night, all those years ago, when he and Dean had trapped Raphael in an abandoned house. There was determination radiating off of him and Castiel seemed unstoppable. Heaven’s soldier. Except he wasn’t that anymore, he was what he had always been; the Angel watching over Dean.
“I know what it means, Dean. Please do not patronize me,” Castiel spoke as evenly as he could. He paused and then added, “I understand what my f- what I said when the Empty came to take me-“
Dean broke off his stare and looked back at his best friend, “Yeah man, I’m real.” He said with a smile. And then Cas was smiling too.
“What do you mean?” Dean replied. “Of course he’s gonna come to the bunker. He’s the man with the plan. He’s top dog. He can do whatever he wants now. Come on!” He started walking back to the Impala.
Cas finally smiles a little then. “What was that for?”
Cas nodded softly, “I told you it was ‘Ten Years Gone’ because it reminded me of you.”
Dean remained silent.
“How the fuck am I supposed to know that?”
” She leaves. The door closing loudly behind her.
Cas just kissed him sweetly until they were both completely breathless. Cas rested his forehead on Dean’s for a second, smiled and then began kissing his freckles again.
Cas looks hesitant but Jack’s getting impatient.
A couple of days later after continuing the same routine, she walks into the kitchen at the ass crack of dawn and is greeted with the sight of Cas making coffee. She knows she has to finally address the elephant in their very small apartment.
” She says.
“Cas,” Dean reprimanded with no heat, “It'll take you forever to kiss them all, sweetheart.”
Sam has witnessed several confounding events occur in the bunker. He has watched Michael wreak havoc and he has witnessed his father manifest back from the dead. He has even observed and somewhat participated in a family therapy session between Lucifer and God, himself. But what he sees right now as he walks into the library in the middle of the day, leaves him beyond dumbfounded.
“Well, there’s different kinds of anxieties. Anxiousness takes different forms for different situations. What’s happening right now?”
Sam felt a warmth in his chest throughout dinner, as he looked at his make-shift family while thinking about a very similar conversation he’d had with his brother about a week before.
“You had a lot of fun today, didn’t you?” Dean asks, smiling.
anything from you, just having this… it’s beyond anything I could have ever asked for,” Castiel answers.
“What?” He balks.
“I said, absolutely not! You wanna hear it in Russian? Точно нет.”
Sam sniffled and smiled too. Both their eyes glistening with unshed tears.
They were standing in the backyard of Sam and Eileen’s new home; it wasn’t much but it was theirs. Eileen and Dean were in the kitchen, cooking and had banished Sam and Cas from their kingdom. Apparently, they had burnt too many pancakes. In their defense, cooking was hard. Miracle was stuck to Cas's leg. Sam was absolutely not jealous of how much
“Eventually, we do have to get up, you know? I’ve heard there’s a whole world outside,” Castiel whispers softly.
Dean smacked Jack’s arm with a kitchen towel, making the kid scrunch his nose, “You’re too young to be a smart-mouth teenager,” Dean chided while signing.
“I didn’t quite catch that,” Castiel remarks with a knowing smile, as he continues to softly caress Dean’s hair.
“I’m fine with not having to plan the whole thing, as long as I’m invited,” Claire says with some hesitance.
A being as old as creation, older than the stars in the sky, and his moment of true, profound happiness was-
Sam (in Chapter 10 of Over the Hills and Very Close By) tells Dean that if he ever hurts Cas, Sam's gonna punch him in the face.
“You’ve been standing here for a while. Do you need some help?” Cas asks calmly, recomposing himself.
“Oh, shut up! You totally agree with me; you were an asshole,” Sam replies with a chuckle. “I mean I love you man; I do. I’d die for you, no questions asked. But back then, I would’ve spit in your coffee. Like, in front of you.”
“Did you?” Cas asks.
“What the fuck, Sammy? You’re supposed to say that to him
Dean had retired into his own room to give the couple some privacy after hugging her tightly when he saw her. She had materialized exactly where she had vanished and immediately made her way back to the bunker and greeted the boys upon their arrival. All three of them were misty-eyed with soft smiles.
He reached Cas’s room and swung the door open without hesitation, only to find it empty.
“My love?” Cas’s voice is an utterly beautiful, broken thing. And Dean hates it. He loves it so fucking much, the endearment cuts so fucking deep, makes his heart leap so fucking high that he fucking
“Stay?” He asked, hesitant.
Claire began laughing so hard, Kaia had to hold her to stop her from falling off the table. “This is why I’m the favorite.”
“YES!” Dean shouted. At Cas’s stunned face he added, “For fuck’s sake. You’re worried about me, right? Is it so hard to believe I might feel the same for you?” Then finally Cas’s face melted into something close to what Sam would term ‘heart eyes’ but to Dean, it was the same face Cas wore whenever they looked at each other. And maybe that was the point. Cas had always looked at him like Dean was his whole world.
“He stabbed me in the chest,” Cas replies, in between his bouts of laughter, holding onto his stomach.
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” Dean’s voice had climbed higher, at which Jack flinched again. Dean sobered watching the kid recoil. The Almighty God, afraid of nothing but Dean Winchester’s wrath. He was suddenly a kid himself, recoiling from his own father.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hey sweetheart, how’s it going?” Dean asks, trying his best to sound better than his mind is currently making him feel.
“Nothing’s new there,” Cas retorted with a smirk.
“So when we do it, it’s a romantic date night, but they do it, it’s a hangout or whatever?” Cas counters, making Sam snicker.
“Sure, you are.”
Dean sat there in silence. His eyes were bulging out and Sam wasn’t quite sure he was breathing but Sam was very willing to give his brother a moment to cope.
“You do, sweetheart,” Dean’s voice is just a whisper, “You’re probably the only one who does.”
“As if!” Claire snickered, “I’m totally the favorite.”
” Castiel sighed heavily and then looked away, “I’ll always choose you over myself. Honestly, I don’t think that’s even a choice.”
“Absolutely” Dean smiled, locking his eyes with Cas.
“Therapy money,” Sam said smugly, kissing the bundle. “And you, you’re down to only one box of that hellish cereal every month, capiche?” He added pointing towards Jack.
Dean turns to look at Cas. Jack can’t see him but he knows Dean’s hurt. Not because he’s Godly but because he knows Dean. “Well Cas, tell us how you really feel.” The words come out of Dean’s mouth laced with spite.
“What?” He asks Cas. “Tell me, man.”
“You little…” Claire began and Jack was running.
“Dean-” Castiel tried and failed. He was still incredibly lost, too lost in the kiss, in Dean. “You...” he tried and failed again.
“As much as I appreciate the sentiment, I think I already have everything I will ever need,” Cas says easily and he sounds absolutely content in his proclamation.
So how was it, that the people who taught him that hadn’t realized the same for themselves?
and was cut off,
Both men bring their hands forward, eyes brimming with fierce intent as if engaged in a battle of the ages.
“You know, when you first came into our lives…” he began with a hollow smile, “When I was a fucking dick to you – “
… oh wait,” Cas counters with a small smile.
“Alright, on three. Not
“Who won that one?” Castiel couldn’t help but ask. He got a glare from Dean but he was too invested.
“Well then stop screwing it up, alright?” Dean snaps.
Claire smiles and starts the car. “Next time you’re doing the grave-digging bullshit. My legs are killing me.”
The fight went on for a while, neither of the couple would budge. Eventually when they’d had enough Donna decided to break it up. “Let’s get the man ordained, then he can be the minister, not that he isn't very heavenly to begin with-"
Dean pulled away and for a moment Cas looked very concerned. Dean understood his reason and didn’t want to torture the poor guy so as quickly as he could, pulled out the box from the drawer of his nightstand.
“Anything you want, son,” Dean whispers into Jack’s ear, before pulling away.
“I want the three of you—fuck no— I want all the Winchesters; even the ones you spawn, to stay the fuck away from me,
“YOU DIDN’T WANT ME THERE!” Cas is screaming. His Cas is screaming, shouting, at the top of his lungs. Dean takes a moment to comprehend that (orgasm-inducing) voice can be that loud (and hot).
Eventually the laughing subsides, a comfortable silence falls among the crowd.
“Cas? You still there?” Sam asks when Cas doesn’t finish the sentence.
And again.
“You’re really taking this whole Guardian Angel thing very seriously, aren’t you?” Claire asks, because raising yourself, do not emotionally stable adults make.
“Yes, Sam. I’m still here,” Cas replies a little resigned.
The ringing dies.
“Sam, I was wondering if I could talk to you,” Cas asked, cutting off Sam’s rambling over the Chicago 7.
“Why?” She asks softly. She knows the last thing Dean would want to do is hurt Cas. So whatever the reason is, it's big.
“You’re gonna come back with us to the bunker?” Sam asked, hesitant of the answer.
Now Castiel was seething just as fiercely.
“Because… maybe I wanna be normal? I mean, not completely normal. I want us to be a family that sometimes goes hunting monsters. But I also want to stay, at home. I want to know why all the coming-of-age movies focus on being ‘popular’ in high school,” Dean can’t see Jack making the air quotes but he knows the kid’s doing it and that brings a smile to his face, “I wanna know what it feels like to go on road trips, and what it's like to be grounded, and get into actual trouble with you guys, and what college is like, and what it’s like to kiss someone, and what it’s like to have friends. And I know, we have friends but… I didn’t make any of them you know? I want to have som—some semblance of normal… I just wanna be a—” Jack stops abruptly.
He stumbles and falls flat on his ass, on the hardwood floor with a hand cradling his nose—which he is pretty damn sure is broken—as it slowly bleeds down onto his shirt. Guess he raised Sammy to have a terrifying right hook too. What a treat!
Jack smiled, and for a moment, the radiance of it felt so blinding that it was enough to make anyone forget that he had just confirmed that he was in fact, the new God. For a moment, he seemed exactly as old as he was, he seemed like a 3-year-old, showing off to his parents a new skill he’d learnt, like doing a cartwheel.
He gets another sigh. “The first time I had a… meltdown, I would say? Dean suggested I talked to you. He said that you understood emotions better than he did because you, unlike him, didn’t bury them deep down. Dean’s been trying to be better at expressing himself; for me, for himself, just like I am. But he didn’t want me to learn from him because he knows he needs to learn himself.” Cas says softly. “And you make me feel comfortable… and you’re my best friend,” Cas adds after a pause, “That’s why I come to you for help.”
“Except Crowley,” Dean interjects.
Eileen gave a peck to Sam from across the table and took a seat next to Cas.
“Yes,” Cas was smiling now, “I made my peace with never being able to see him again… This- it feels comforting somehow.”
And Cas, as per usual, never denies Dean anything.
Dean smiled a bit, “Fair enough.”
Sam forgets how his face and mouth function enough to make noises. Jack does that to Sam quite often. But then again Sam thinks, Jack does that to everyone quite often. His sincerity is so pure, it hurts sometimes… in a good way.
For a moment there was no answer and then, “Really?” Dean sounded so genuinely shocked.
As if!
Claire and Jack exchange a look and then, “How’d you meet Dean?” Jack asks.
“You know, when I left the bunker, after everything that happened with Chuck, I did it because I was scared of what it all meant. I didn’t know if any of it was even real, or just another plot point for Chuck to manipulate. Part of me thought once this was all over maybe Sam and I just wouldn’t feel the same way anymore… but that didn’t happen,” a smile broke onto her face, “You went, fought God and won, and somehow we were just as real as we were before.”
Dean’s heart warms and he grins too.
“That was a fucking Demon Dean adventure thing, alright?”
“That’s the thing, Cas! You don’t get it,” he says with the harshness he doesn’t wish to possess but he can’t help it, “You don’t get how fucking difficult this is, alright? You never had to come out! You just knew, no one told you that this shit was wrong, you weren’t fucking human to have to deal with having to push this shit as deep it could fucking go because otherwise, your dad would beat the crap out of you. So yeah Cas, course you don’t get this shit!”
If Dean thought his heart was going to burst before, right now he was sure it already had.
“Doesn’t mean you gotta make weird dolphin noises at the zoo,” Claire’s mouth is a little agape in concentration, “It’s fucking weird, Bueller.”
“Yeah, obviously. What if you don’t like it?” Cas sounded so worried.
Dean loved
how we met.”
“And I remember then, finally understanding wanting to go home. And every time I felt, I suppose you would call, homesick, it was always for this magnificent thing.” A smile broke out on his face, while caressed the dashboard. “So, I come here now and again when I’m feeling… unbalanced. Brings me peace.”
Everything seems to click into place inside Jack’s head. His eyes glow a blinding golden and he plunges, his hand into his chest. Sam cannot bare to tear his eyes away from the sight but the blinding light that Jack is radiating feels like it might burn him alive. It’s too bright, almost… godly. He pulls a hand away from his ear and uses his arm to cover his eyes.
“Wait, you would’ve given him the car?” Eileen interjects, signing simultaneously.
“Yes, Dean. I am older than this planet, I think I am capable of understanding what it means to go
“The night?” Eileen asked, feigning innocence.
“Horrible,” Cas replies, taking a sip of the beer.
“You don’t get to use that! Absolutely not, no. That was traumatic as fuck, okay?” Dean looks back at the road, arms flailing.
Dean wishes he had never been pulled out of hell in the first place. He thinks at this moment, maybe he would have deserved that.
“No, no.” He assures him, “Just—h—how do you do that?” Dean asks.
“You’d want a friend too if you were in a stupid aquarium!” Jack huffs.
Castiel missed Purgatory. Purgatory didn’t have your adopted children fighting over who was the favorite.
"Dean-“ He began but was promptly cut off.
Sam cut him off, “You’re pushing him away and one of these days, you’ll push so fucking hard that he won’t come back.”
“I can’t tell you this
Sam chortles, “God, you’re so mean.”
“I know, man. I understand there was always a reason. Most of the time, saving my ass was
your moment of true happiness,” Dean says, looking away from the silent and empty road, jabbing at finger at Cas. “You sappy fuck.”
“Just don’t leave,” Dean repeated, softly now, a genuine plea.
“You can call me ‘Sammy’, Cas” Sam added with fondness in his voice. He was trying not to smile, Cas seemed to be taking the subject quite seriously, he didn’t want to rebuke the newly minted human.
“But then I told you how I felt and you told me you felt the same way and I—I used to stay up all night, for the first couple of weeks. I used to stay up all night, lying there with you in my arms, just looking at you. Because I couldn’t believe I could have you—have you at all, let alone like that. I thought that was all I could ever want. But maybe… maybe being human and having these new feelings and emotions is something I wasn’t fully prepared for… Because now I want more. I want to be yours, fully and completely. And I want the same from you,” Cas sniffles, and Dean finally looks back at him and realizes, the man that he loves more than anything in the world has been softly crying the entire time.
Cas shrugs. And finally, it hits Dean. Dean might be the King of the kingdom called self-loathing, but he does not rule alone. Cas, as always, is right there with him.
“Tomorrow.”
When he was met with serious faces and utter silence, “Well, fuck. Apparently, all the Damien Thorns of the world are fucking saints. Who would’ve thought?”
Castiel failed disastrously at being an Angel, maybe now it was his turn to fail at being a human. Knowing full well that he should keep his mouth shut, he went on, “Well, as far as I understand the lyrics talk about Plant’s lover who asked him to choose between her and his profession. Having chosen his career, his music, he reflects back on his life with the satisfaction of having made the right choice. Have I misunderstood it?”
“He asked me not to,” Jack replied. “He said it was not your burden to bear or mine.”
Dean’s serious face breaks into a grin. “Maybe,” Dean shrugs.
“What’s cooking, good looking?” He asked while simultaneously signing out the words, the best he could. The only person apart from Eileen, who was fluent in ASL was Cas, but they were trying to learn and she was patient enough to correct them every time they were wrong.
At dinner, Dean realized that Eileen and Sam were a match made in heaven, because Eileen pulled the same prank on the whole group. Once they realized they weren’t being played, there were many loud shrieks, several hugs were exchanged and some tears were shed. Eileen later revealed it was her idea to keep the whole thing under wraps for a week so she and Sam could prank everyone. Eileen also asked Cas to be her Man of Honor, to which Sam objected profusely.
Jack walked over to the cupboard, opening and grabbing the box of Crunch Cookie Crunch he had hidden behind the other boxes of cereals. “Technically I’m here early,” he said as he took out the bottle of milk from the fridge.
“For what?” Jack tilted his head slightly, confused. And in that moment, Dean couldn’t help but smile. It confused Jack even more.
coming from Jack. Like father, like son.
“I think that’s more than fair,” Jack says with a smile. “But you can’t hurt people, or I will have to—”
“… why?” Castiel asked, confused.
“It had pulp!” Dean protested loudly.
“Wait, what?” Dean sputters, “What do you mean you lost on purpose? I defeated you fair and square!”
“We’ll just pretend that we’re making a deal, as a distraction,” Jack added, whispering as though lowering his voice was the key to fooling a nigh omniscient cosmic being. And who knows? Maybe it was.
Jack has turned absolutely crimson. He just shrugs. “We’re just going to get some burgers, it’s not a big deal,” he mumbles.
Silence.
Dean’s smile faded. Castiel and his big mouth needed to be struck by lightning.
Eileen cut him off with a kiss. “You’re pretty dumb for a smart guy.” She said smiling. “Of course, I’ll stay, you dumb giant.”
“Fuck.” Dean sighed. “How fucked is that? The poor bastard didn’t even think he could be
“Dean?” Sam is losing patience. Dean feels like perhaps this is what it would’ve felt like getting in trouble at school and being sent to the principal’s office if he actually cared about getting an education. His hands are shaking and his throat’s gone dry. He feels like the world is collapsing around him slowly, but surely.
You’re gonna give your old man a fucking heart attack.” Dean jumped.
Cas lets out an exasperated breath and pulls his hands away from his eyes, resting them on Dean’s shoulder, moving in closer, their lips a hair apart, “You misuse my devotion for you, Dean.” And then he leans in.
“Care to elaborate?” Dean countered.
“In a way,” Jack answers.
“So come on, tell me some cool stories?” Claire pleads, changing the topic, “I deserve to hear about the adventures of Dum, Dumb and Dumber.”
“The bunker is your
“’Course, you can. You’re gonna get the GED, and then ace the SATs and make college your bitch, Buller. Finally live up to the damn name at least,” Claire replies. There’s such genuine faith and pride in the statement, that Sam thinks he might begin to weep.
Sam put up his hands in surrender, “Hey, hey, anything’s better than Cas, man. He manipulated me into buying a jumbo pack of nougat yesterday.”
“Maybe.” Cas said, grabbing cheese off the shelf, “But just in case, I’m looking for apartments.”
“We’re trying to decide who each of our Best Man should be,” Cas cuts Dean off, “So, both of you, if you would like to, who’d you pick?”
Dean wanted to talk about his feelings, he did. He knew he’d have to eventually, but not right now. Right now, he was chicken shit. So instead, he said, “What are you listening to? And why are you listening to it on that ancient piece of crap?”
“I think that sounds like a wonderful idea, Sam,” Cas says beaming at him with a bright smile.
“Is that a yes?” Sam asked teasing when they finally pulled apart.
And again, Castiel could never refuse Dean anything, “As you wish.”
Dean has to take a moment. Jack read him like an open book. Dean wonders if it was just an advantage of his powers but he knows the kid well enough to know that he’d never misuse them like this. And that somehow makes it worse, the kid read him so well, while drunk for the very first time. But he wasn’t wrong. Dean has defined himself with his father’s words all his life. He’s trying to change but the process is slow and grueling and so long.
He knows that he is too young, but he knows that the world is big and scary, and his mom told him that Castiel will take care of him and raise him. Castiel will give him a family and watch over him, his mom had promised and she was right. He’s young with the weight of the world on his shoulders but he isn’t even remotely afraid because he has his family with him, every step of the way, no matter what comes next.
“Only a little,” Jack defends.
The car swerved again, much further off the road this time. Instead of correcting, this time Dean parked the car haphazardly. They were on some abandoned backroad, with nothing around them but green fields, as far as the eye could see.
“Banging like handsy little horny teenagers at a party with really cheap beer,” Claire cut in with a smirk, “We got the memo, old man.”
‘God’s Righteous Man´, they called him. ‘Michael’s Sword’, that’s what he was to the world. Then he became ‘the Knight of Hell’, a filthy impure Demon, bearer of the Mark of Cain. Chuck had called him the ‘Ultimate Killer’. Claiming, to be killed by him was glorious somehow.
“Cas is a shit driver,” Dean says, only to be met with a deeply annoyed groan from the former Angel. Dean shrugs again and adds, “And you had your own car.”
to fit it. He felt wrong to even himself. When he found out about the Demon blood in him, there was a moment (however brief) of pure relief at having been right all along.
If it wasn't clear, Sastiel is my brotp guys.
Dean just shrugs, “Why not?”
Everyone was silent for a moment and then suddenly, everyone was laughing.
Another.
“Dean,” Cas warns.
Until Jack and Claire begin snickering while looking at each other.
“Okay, okay. It’s not over yet, sweetheart… better?”
“Is it because Claire is your favorite?” Jack asked pointing at Claire, looking like a mixture of hurt and anger, “Cause she keeps saying she’s your favorite. Is it true then? Because that’s not fair. I’m way nicer than her.”
“Come on, kid. Don’t look a horse in the mouth, just ask.” Dean encouraged the kid and waited until a moment later a small smile made its way onto his face. “So? What would you like?”
Dean met him in the middle, “At least I didn't say yes to being Lucifer's meat suit!”
“Hey handsome,”
“Dean, I- “
The thought made him feel so warm inside that after a pause he said, “Besides… I’d do anything for you, angel.”
“It’s the only thing that will play cassettes apart from your car. And I am aware of your rule of ‘the shotgun shutting his cakehole’. This felt like a fair compromise.” Cas replied.
“Who cares what we call him?” Dean said, smiling. His voice filled with pride, “All that matters is that he got us back online.”
“Four times…” Jack replied with a small voice. “But I got better after that.”
“But I remember, when you and Dean went on that hunt with, what did Dean call them? Vamp-mimes?” Cas asks.
“I’ve gotten similar responses as well. Even when we told everyone we were getting married, they all said something along the lines of how this was "
“I know. I know. Kill me to save the world, yada yada. Save the speech, alright?” She chides, getting off the chair and begins walking over to the stairs, crossing the War Room. But before she begins climbing them, she looks back, “I think having my only family also be a Winchester is penance for all the shit I did when I was first freed, isn’t it?”
And there he was. All blue eyes and sex hair with an ugly trench coat to boot. Castiel, the Angel of the Lord. Not anymore, perhaps. Chuck was gone, so Angel of Thursday, then.
“Look, Amara,” Dean steps forward, but falls to his knees. His hands come up around his throat as Cas shouts out his name from behind.
“I’m buying that jumbo pack of Nougat,” Cas said with a mischievous smile.
“Well, cut me some slack, alright? It was a long time coming…” Dean said flustered and then paused.
Dean cut him off, waving his hand, “- it wasn’t just because you were Lucifer’s kid… You called Cas…” He faltered at the name, “You said Cas was your father, and man, I swear I would’ve fucking bought that. You look just like him, you know?”
He opened the can, took a sip, and set it on the kitchen island. He sighed, “It’s just standard nightmares, you know? But now, it’s scarier to open my eyes. I worry that maybe if I do, she won’t be there… like all of this is just Chuck’s last big play, you know? Like-“
Dean’s still getting dragged, but he looks back at Cas and says, “Guess you’re just plain mine, angel.” He winks. And the last thing he sees before Sam shuts the door while grumbling about them being a couple of sappy teenagers, is his angel blushing. Dean’s never seen a better sight.
Jack sobered instantly, smile fading.
“I don’t want to give the impression that however you’re choosing to cope with me being a part of your life is unfair, because it really isn’t,”
“The last one was an assbutt, so isn’t exactly a compliment,” Jack said affably. How did that kid make the matters of the universe sound like a conversation had during Sunday dinner?
“Looking for a job, actually…”
Sam heard the echo of light footsteps before Dean walked into the kitchen. Dean looked a little surprised, probably expecting to find the place empty but schooled his features immediately. He walked over to the fridge, and for a second Sam held his breath. Dean pulled out a can of coke, opened it, walking over to sit opposite his brother. Sam breathed a sigh of relief, and smiled.
“Well, that’s comforting,” Cas retorts.
“Am not! I know because I went with him to buy the ring,” Jack huffed looking awfully young.
“You better be nice to her, you hear me?” Dean said from the passenger seat. “She’s a lady, treat her with care.”
Cas pulls Dean back in by his hair, resting Dean's forehead on his, and slowly licks Dean’s lips while his hand grabs at Dean’s ass. Dean’s pants are so constricting at this point that he forgets why he stopped in the first place, until Cas whispers, low and sultry, “That’s a ‘fuck yes’.”
But… Dean pauses. But he remembers having The Mark. He remembers how there was a part of him thinking about how
“Am too!” Claire replied, getting off the table and facing him right back.
Cas’s small smile grown a little, “Yes.”
Jack pouts giving Dean the kind of puppy dog face that would give Sam a run for his money.
“I fucked up.”
Claire sighs, before she can tell Jack that the world is a messed-up place and humans are willing to ignore almost anything for the sake of their own amusement, Sam walks into the room.
Castiel laughed, “Come on, saving your fine ass
“The girls said they'll meet us there,” Sam added, “Come on, Claire's gonna chew our heads off if we’re late”
Jack begins to panic, “I know. I should’ve asked beforehand but, I wanted it to be a surprise. I wanted to get it done before Sam’s wedding but I got busy… with ‘God stuff’ and I don’t know… I thought maybe now… with this wedding and stuff. I mean obviously, you’re allowed to say no and of course, you can still use these identities regardless of your answer. But I hope you guys would not mind it… I mean… I think you won’t-“
“Fuck that!” Dean cut him off, “No, you’re not Sam or Cas, you- you’re our kid. Fuck,
“I'm not saying you can’t get married, Cas. I'm saying that none of it is going to be even remotely legal,” Sam sighs, and though Jack has just entered, seen just a few futile seconds of the conversation; he can feel the frustration in the air. He can almost taste it on the tip of his tongue.
Sam could have counted the number of times he had seen his brother actually admit defeat on one hand. But in recent years, there was an angel waiting around the corner to pull Dean right back on track. But at that moment, the absence of Sam’s best friend
In the midst of the staring match between the two suddenly he heard, “You’re real…” Cas sounded baffled by the development.
John Winchester was a good man. He served his nation, came back home, found a girl, fell in love, got married, bought a house with picket fences, and had two boys. He had it all… until he didn’t. He lost his wife to a Demon and spent whatever life he had left seeking revenge with a single-minded focus. And for this mission, he needed soldiers but all he had were his sons, so he had to make do.
“Dean?” Cas asks again, far gentler now, much closer too. “Is everything alright?”
“We use it to bargain with the Empty. It's probably the only thing it would want,” Sam said. There was determination in his voice, which meant Sam had decided to die on that hill if needed. “So we ask for Cas in exchange for Jesse’s soul and- “
“Fuck off! You know what? Just for that, you’re not gonna be my best man!” Dean chided with frustration, “Guess what kid, it’s your lucky day. You’re gonna be my best man,” Dean stated with finality, pointing towards Jack.
“Everyone knew! Everyone knows! Jack, Eileen, Claire, Jody, Donna, Mom, Bobby, Rowena, Heaven, Hell… you name it; they knew,” Sam was infuriated, “I think the only people in this world who didn’t know were the two of you.”
Aight folks, seeing as I was gone for a very long time, I decided to grace you with a very long chapter haha. No but seriously. I'm really sorry, as usual I was swamped at work and then contracted covid (I'm from India, it's spreading like wildfire out here. But I'm fine now, it was a mild case and I tested negative today itself, yay!) so this kinda got put on the back burner but come on. I'd never leave y'all hanging like that. This took a lot of time and effort but I though it was worth it. Hope y'all like it too. Let me know what you guys think, alright? Also take care out there.
But in the midst of it all, somehow his determination to avoid religion, he found faith. Faith, not in some All-Powerful God, but a nerdy, awkward Angel in a ratty old trench coat. So, he prayed, with faith and waited with patience.
to eat those instead.”
Sam came to a halt.
Jack walks over to Cas and Claire to Dean. Both the kids look at both the men for a second and then go in for a hug. Both men look at each other over the kids' shoulders with soft smiles as they hug back, eyes glistening.
The smile that broke out on Cas’s face was so bright, Sam thought for a second he was going to be blinded by it.
“You don’t have to, old man,” came a voice from behind him.
“Huh, straight to business then?” She counters with a contemptuous smile. “Shouldn’t have expect anything else from you boys.”
Cas caresses his face so softly that he has to close his eyes. Cas always knows exactly what he needs and right now, as per usual Cas somehow just knows Dean needs him to remind Dean that he isn’t a toxic fucked up loser. And therefore, Cas acts Dean like he is so very fucking precious.
“You said a lot of things, man… I don’t get it what does this have to do with what I asked before?” Sam doesn’t want to repeat his question, verbalizing it again would be a feat he’s unsure he wants to achieve.
“Maybe what, Dean?”
Epilogue, of sorts.
“So, you’re okay with this? I mean, we’re okay?” Dean murmured, with hesitation.
Dean turned absolutely crimson. Sam broke out laughing loudly.
“Um…” Jack hesitates.
“What? You think I wanted to walk in on this?” Sam throws back, and to be fair he does look fairly disgusted. He does however, walk into the room, pulls Dean by the arm. “Sorry, Cas. He’s gotta get dressed and other groom stuff,” He says looking at Cas, “You can continue this… whenever the hell you want,” He adds with a smile as he drags Dean away.
Dean turns away trying to cover the hurt with another sip of his beer.
“So does this mean, you’re the new… What do we call you?” Sam asked, standing on a street that was now bustling with people all around them.
Claire chuckles, “Bueller’s been going steady for a while, Tangled.”
“Yeah, obviously,” Claire states.
“Yeah. You remember what I said?” Cas asks again, too calmly.
Dean’s jaw hits the floor, “
“Am too,” Claire replied.
“The fuck are you guys on about?” Dean asked annoyed and lost.
“Is this- Is this a skateboard?” Jack exclaimed in joy as he ripped off the wrapping.
“Are you sure this will work?” Cas asks.
Rings again.
“Oh okay.” Cas’s sarcasm game was always very strong but Sam’s company is making him lethal. Two words and he’s breaking Dean down.
‘What?” Sam asked, hesitant.
This gives Dean pause. He’s a piece of shit sometimes. He realizes now, the kid still believes he is only valued for his power. He’s tried to assure Jack that, that is not the case but he knows better than anyone some beliefs are quite hard to kill. Especially the ones ingrained into your head by your father, or well, the father figure in this case. Oh, wait no,
This powerful, immortal cosmic being who was nothing but goodness, wanted only to see Dean (even if he was not real) as a fucking
But he was met with angry groans and loud protests.
Jack smiled and scratched the back of his neck shyly. Cas smiled at the action; like father like son.
“We had one for who’d finally fess up first and when,” Claire said jovially.
Cas sighs again and Sam swears he can’t breathe.
“Maybe I just want everyone to know I’m yours…” Cas says very softly. He shakes his head then and then drops his hands and gets up.  “If you don’t want these things, we don’t need to have it, Dean.” He walks over to Sam who is standing behind the kitchen island. “We won’t have to make it a big deal. The invites haven’t gone out yet. It can just be us... if that’s what you want.”
Sam smiled at that, “They were like black gooey shape-shifting monsters from Purgatory. Anyway, not important. Point is, his motivation was always to protect us because somehow to him we were worth it.
“Are you finally conceding that that might have been too much for you to carry alone?” Cas asks pointing at the three bags of groceries that rests in the trunk of the Impala. There is a smile in his voice. “Or are you still unwilling to admit that your chivalry was nothing but thinly veiled attempts at posturing?”
“Fucking bastard!” Dean slammed into Sam, crushing him in a tight hug. Both men were laughing.
And who should he thank for it. He smiles too.
“Donna.”
“Do you?”
not really, and reminding them that, that mission had been beyond chaotic. Both pleas would fall on deaf ears so instead, he said, “Didn’t know you had a soul.”
“Yeah, but you had one, right? The kid doesn’t”
“My dreams… I… I’m not quite sure how to explain this but the best I can do is to say that they remind me of being in The Empty. Dreams are such a fickle thing, they melt into each other, falling from one to another. I feel quite lost. The sensation is so new and the idea of visualizing scenarios and worlds I haven’t seen or lived somehow connects back to being in the slumber The Shadow put me under… It might begin as something beautiful and comforting, but more often than not it spirals into malicious and cruel,” Cas is looking in front now. Watching the rising sun illuminate the abandoned backroads that they both drive around so often, aimlessly. The aimlessness of it feels far more comforting than any aim would.
Dean couldn’t move for a moment; he was sure his heart had stopped beating and he had already made his way into Heaven.
“If one of them is Dean, then I don’t care how long it takes, I assure you, I’ll find a way to kill you myself,” Cas bites back.
"I prefer the word, naive. Less dumb, less ass," Dean counters with a smile of his own.
“Thought you were leaving,” Dean replied dumbly.
“I suppose that’s correct.”
”Am too!”
Cas smiles, “I appreciate it very much, thank you, Claire.” He pours a cup of coffee for himself and finally faces her. “But you want to.” It's not a question, but an assessment. Cas can read her now, how terrifying is that?
“No, but why does it matter? You’re going to ask me to follow you, tell me we have to hurry before the Empty gets back, right?” Cas asked.
The next morning, when Dean walked back into the Library, hungover and ten kinds of sore, he was greeted with both his brother and his girlfriend’s bright smiles and enthusiastic hand gestures that Dean was sure, Sam couldn’t completely understand.
Dean was beyond furious, “We’re all putting our lives on the line to get your stupid self-sacrificing ass outta here. Jack’s stalling the Shadow, Claire, Donna, and Jody are powering the fucking locator spell in my hand, Sam and Eileen are fighting off reapers left and right, and I’m here, risking my very fine ass to get you out of the damn carbonite. So, for fuck’s sake can we please get a move on, so I can chew you out for pulling this stunt in relative peace?”
Castiel was right, he was obviously going to be a second-rate human, because not only did he not know when to keep his mouth shut, he also had no concept of self-preservation. In his defense, however, as an Angel he hadn’t needed much self-preservation, to begin with. But at that moment though, Castiel wish it weren't so, because Dean was seething.
Dean chuckled, and this close, Castiel felt the vibration running through his body.
Epilogue coming soon.
“And he’s in love with me,” Dean said with wonder as if he couldn’t believe it himself. He looked back down at his hands and smiled softly.
“What do you mean?” Dean asks, helpless. “Why the fuck would he be with me?”
“I should clarify, I meant, I want to retire… with you.” Cas looked worried now, sheepish even.
“So, you’ll help us?” Dean asked finally.
Dean felt a sudden loss of words.
Dean turns and pushes himself closer to Cas. He reaches out, tentatively gauging Cas’s reaction to being touched. When he sees Cas isn’t trying to beat the shit out of him, he lets his hand rest softly on Cas’s cheek. He wipes the tears away and runs a gentle hand through his (somehow still immaculate) sex hair.
“Wh—what’s happening?” Sam asks confused.
happen? I don’t get it—”
Dean lets out a short-wet chuckle.
January 24
“A kid,” Dean finishes for him. “You just want to be a kid.” Dean breathes in slowly, “Then, fuck this God bullshit and be a kid.”
“You think I can do it?” Jack asks, hesitant. Looking a lot more his age all of a sudden.
Castiel sat there silently for a moment, considering, sighed and said, “I think… I think I am overly fond of ‘Ten Years Gone’… as for why…” he looked out the window, trying to avoid Dean as intently as possible, “it reminds me of you.”
“Would it make you feel better if I were to promise never to leave without saying goodbye to you, Dean?” Castiel replied, looking at Dean, trying to convey his sincerity with every word.
“Motherfucker!” That’s the only thing Dean can bring himself to say.
“If you were alright, you’d be here…”
It had been two months and seventeen days since they had defeated Chuck. Dean wasn’t counting, he wasn’t. They had been searching far and wide, coming up empty, again and again. Dean had drunk through so much liquor that even the cashier at the store was concerned the last time he’d gone.
His second mistake, however, was being so focused on the brothers Winchester that he failed to notice the one being in all of existence that just never followed his plot. All the other versions of Dean and Sam had failed in one way or another. Somehow Chuck had failed to notice, that the only outlier of this world; his favorite world was
“Depends” Cas was actively avoiding looking at Dean, still pacing.
He says after a pause, “I thought you hate my constant texts and calls.” She doesn’t respond for a moment. Because as much as wants to be offended, she has no right. That’s what she tells him, time after time. What if he really thinks so? What if in her attempt to protect herself, she’s been making him believe that he is nothing but an annoyance to her? But completely unaware of her inner dialogue Cas panics. He begins, “Claire—”
So yeah, Dean wants to absolutely fucking scream, “
“Come on, eat it. You’re making me nervous.” Cas said shyly.
“Eileen!” Cas shouts.
“Doesn’t say anything about you, you know that, right?” Claire asks, worried.
Team Free Will 3.0 did pretty well, all things considered. It wasn’t always easy, Dean sometimes lashed out, unable to express himself. Sam had nightmares that sometimes devolved into panic attacks. Cas had a hard time being human, and Jack wasn’t always sure how much he could interfere. But they ran their own race, they made their own moves, and mostly they did well with that. And like every other adventure they’d embarked upon, they did it, all of it, together as a family.
“No Cas!” Dean exclaimed. Castiel looked away but he understood though, some fears couldn’t be quelled with few simple words.
“Um…” Dean scratched the back of his neck. Castiel smiled then. Dean was embarrassed. Castiel looked at him, cocked a brow, and smirked. “Fine! I panicked. Okay? I went to your room; it was empty… and it all kinda spiraled from there, I guess.”
“Why wouldn’t I be?” Dean balks again.
“Claire, get down!” Cas screams charging towards her, only to jump over and swing at the ghost just behind her.
“Always, Dean.”
“But I always come back to you, Dean. I always have and always will. So even when you miss me, please remember, it’s—it’ll always be a temporary feeling. Because I’ll always,
“I’m gonna pretend that I am very interested in Claire’s hunting stories,” Eileen said closing her laptop and existing swiftly.
“Dude, I’ve been third-wheeling for over a decade, stuck in the middle of your staring matches. How the hell could I not?” Sam shuddered at the thought of the years of sexual tension he had to live through. And then, just because this was his annoying elder brother, he added, “And the hickey isn't really helping.”
Jack appeared in the bunker at the break of dawn. He stood in front of the table in the library. His heart filled with joy at the sight of his name carved below his family’s, right next to ‘
“Everywhere,” Jack replied as if it were an indisputable fact.
“Tell that to his sugar addiction,” Dean reprimanded.
“Well, what about Balthazar, huh?” Dean counters. “That smarmy British asshat was so smitten with you; he went to war.”
Castiel walked over to Jack, bent down on his knees to face him, and waited for him to look up. But when he didn’t, “Come on, Jack. That’s not true. Look at me.” Jack finally did, “I love you, very much. You know that. She is not my favorite…”
“I lost the game so he could go first and it would be on him to pick one of them,” Cas explains, “I didn’t take your offer into consideration and in my haste to get Eileen, I miscalculated.”
“She’ll understand?” Sam consoles.
be. John Winchester was a good man… until he wasn’t.
“Or, you’re just going soft in your old age,” Eileen replies laughing. Cas and Sam are now laughing along.
to. Of course, I want to.”
He smirked at Dean and said, “Couldn’t be further off, if you tried.”
Dean pulls his face out of Castiel’s chest, which almost makes Cas regret asking in the first place, until he looks at Dean’s utterly fucked out, yet completely relaxed face. Castiel can hear his own breath catch, because in all the years and years he’d know Dean, watched him, read him, studied him with patience and devotion, he’s never seen him so… serene.
“Nothing,” Eileen waved him off, “Sam and Cas are out getting groceries, if there’s something you want them to get, now’s your chance…” she added with jaunt.
“Dude!” Dean protests.
“This helps,” Cas says softly. “You always help.”
“Can I get a dance too?” Jack asks excitedly looking at Dean.
Dean stared at him again. And then it clicked, again.
And with that, she hangs up.
“Wait so, he basically said—” Sam is cut off.
“I’m your what, though?” Cas asks with a smile of his own.
“He’s back at home, cooking spaghetti I think…” Claire is trying to not let her anger shine through. Dean might have hurt Cas but he’s still Dean. “There’s probably going to be enough for four.”
“Well, that was something,” Dean chokes out, his voice broken, as he rubs a hand on his throat.
“They are mostly peaceful, as long as you don't attack them first. Nowhere near as pretty as Ariel though,” Eileen said, as she sat down at the head of the table. Both men stared at her, dumbfounded. “What? Are you two the only ones allowed to have cool adventures?”
“What if there is no way?” Dean asked later that night. Both the brothers were still in the library, Eileen on the other hand had retired into Sam and her room after dinner, having woken up earlier than both of them to buy groceries and run errands that they were too invested to even spare a thought to.
“So that you don’t have to be the bad guys and pick favorites, right?”
He’s seen Sam wear it before as well when he returned with a fucking ragged and red Mark on his forearm, fated to be the killer John Eric Winchester had raised him to be. Sam seemed disappointed then, as he does now. And Dean fucking hates it. Dean hates himself. He hates what he did and what he said, and what he is and what he can’t be. He hates that this is his fucking destiny; being a shitty, broken man.
“What the hell are you doing?” Dean asked, his tone coming out harsher than intended. He was gasping desperately for air at this point. Man, he was getting old.
Jack takes another breath even though he’s not quite sure he needs it, “I might have already gotten them made. For all of you?”
“Nephew,” She greets. “And the Winchesters,” She snarls looking around as the three men begin to stand, “All three of them.”
“You-“ Sam tried but was promptly cut off.
“Oh fuck, sorry.” Sam interrupts as he enters the room.
“Fuck off, I said it first.” Castiel chastised.
Castiel protected the Winchesters, bled for them, fought for them, fell for them. He raised the child who in the end, became Chuck’s damnation. He turned the tides, time and again in favor of the Winchesters. And he did it, all of it because of love.
Dean’s breath caught.
The Empty smiled at him, a patronizing, gut-wrenching thing. It’s hatred for the pair clearly visible on its face.
“Painstakingly seriously. You’ll go back to resenting me soon,” Cas says with a small smile, “Though I was a horrible Angel, so just Guardian works.”
Dean began moving around, trashing his coke, opening and examining the contents of the fridge.
“Um, yeah so, we’re… k-kinda- we’re-“ Dean took a long breath, “Cas and I are…”
Sam’s face finally breaks into a small smile, as he sighs, “So you’re saying I’m in fact too cool for you?”
The silence is harrowing. Even though it only lasts for a few seconds, to Dean it feels like an eternity and a half.
Cas tries to tame his laugh, holds up a finger, asking for a pause and after taking a moment to compose himself, “’I’m an Angel of the Lord, Sam. I do not require sustenance,” he imitates himself, his old self. His posture straight and face emotionless, looking Sam dead in the eye… until he breaks into a loud giggle. Sam following close behind.
Claire just shrugs.
“Yeah. Given that, do I really need to give him the ‘Hurt my brother, you die’ speech?” Sam asked jovially.
Jack looked around the room, sighed, and said, “Thank you, guys. I mean it. I don’t care what anyone says, it’s pretty great to have three dads and a step mom. I.. I really love you guys.”
“He’s always been a little dense,” Sam added with a smirk similar to Claire’s.
“Cas! No. Wait, man… That’s not what I meant, I just-” He said in a rush, and then when Cas stilled, he climbed into the car as well, “I just wanted to know, why here.”
“You want us each to pick one out of the two of you?” Jack asks.
“You’ve already got Dean! Besides he’s my best friend too.” Eileen countered.
So instead—
Jack and Claire look at each other dead in the eyes, an animosity brimming between them. But then suddenly it’s gone. They lean in, whisper something to each other that none of the grown men can hear. Sam watches both Dean and Cas fidget some more, anxiously. At this point, he has to admit. He feels the same way.
“I don’t suppose you will.”
Jack smiled. “What is it?”
Cas gave up?
She cuts him off, “I know I say that I don’t like you, and I know I am a bitch sometimes. I say mean shit and I bitch and moan about every single thing you do for me; I know that I’m a bit of a mess to handle. I know you’re always just trying to prove to me that you’re going to be there. I know that alright? I just have a hard time telling you that I appreciate it.” She exhales heavily, “I looked at you and saw my Dad. You wear his face, it’s kinda hard not to… I used to hate you for it but then—but then you were nice and not an asshole with an oak tree shoved up where the sun don’t shine… It just… It’s just hard to, I don’t know reconcile those two things, you know? So, I bitch and moan and make a fuss… Doesn’t mean I hate that you call or text all the time… It—It’s nice. Knowing that you’re there, is nice.”
“That’s great, Cas,” Sam said carefully, “But I’m pretty sure you’re supposed to be telling him that. Not me.”
Sam and Jack screamed in unison.
“You like her then?” Eileen asked politely.
“Of course not, I was just– “
For anyone who needs context, "As you wish" is a reference to The Princess Bride, in which Wesley, the male lead says it to Buttercup, the female lead, every time she asks him to do something. She later realises it's his way of saying "I love you."
“I’ll follow you anywhere, Dean, you know that,” Cas replied with resolution.
“Shoot.”
Jack is too young. He realizes he’s too young. Jack knows that in a way the weight of the world rests upon his shoulders and he is far too young for it. But Jack also understands that the world is an unreasonable and unbalanced place where fairness comes second to free will. Jack thinks maybe he knows that better than anyone else. He ought to; he is after all the closest thing to God in all of creation. What he does not understand is what the heck is going on as he walks into the kitchen at Sam and Eileen’s place.
“Doesn’t becoming God mean, he’s transcended any age barrier?” Eileen asked smiling while she signed gracefully.
“I hate that, you know?” Jack says, his voice small now. The music in the background is fading away, becoming more distant, growing soft.
Claire begins gasping for air; she can’t breathe. She can see the crowbar on the ground in front of her but can’t even begin to think about reaching it. Her eyes are watering and her vision blurring. She clawing at her neck to no avail but even after all this, no part of her is afraid that these will be her last moments. No part of her is afraid that this is how she will die. Because there is no part of her that believes that, that can happen as long as Cas is around. And before she can do anything with this second (absolutely not new) revelation (like avoiding it), as if on cue, the ghost steps back and begins screaming as she burns wildly out of existence.
So, after months and months of expecting all hell to break loose and come crashing down on his perfect little domesticated life– being lived out in an ancient bunker meant for hunting and torturing monsters by a group of
proud of you.”
“Thanks, Sammy. It’s not like I’m a human now, with
But he couldn’t be. He couldn’t possibly be worth a moment of such ardent happiness for an Angel of the Lord, could he? He was
“Cas?” He asked, turning around, still on his knees.
“What?” Jack exclaims.
The first thing that greets Dean when he enters the library is a fucking punch in the face.
“Now, how do you know that?” Kaia asked looking up at Claire with suspicion in her eyes.
“It can’t be both, Dean,” Cas replies from the passenger seat of the Impala, next to him.
“And the last one became a fucking asshole in his isolation.” Dean challenged.
“He’s the one using his powers to spy on Dean!” Claire complained.
“Why now?” Castiel defends. He fought for this, bled for this, died for this. He never wanted to give voice to any of this, he didn’t. He never thought they would be welcome, but now that he knows that they are, why, could someone who is good at being a human please let him know, he couldn’t say ‘shit like that’?
“And let you be the bait? Absolutely not,” Cas fights back.
“Are you sure?” Cas counters, hesitant.
Both of them jumped turning back, “Holy fuck! You’re gonna give me a stroke,” Dean scolded, simultaneously as Sam said, “That’s really not funny, Jack.”
“See? You’re fighting a losing battle, sweetheart.”  Dean smiled triumphantly as he poured the batter in.
He expects it, and he had been for a long time. This job, this life, doesn’t afford him the luxury of
“Holy shit, Bueller! You scared the shit outta me!” Claire screams, almost jumping off her chair. To which, Cas and Sam laugh harder in response.
“Spit it out, Bert and Earnie,” Claire finally breaks the silence.
“I’m choosing option C.” Cas replied with a smirk.
“Well quit it, alright?”
Dean laughs but then suddenly his smile falls, “Do you—I mean… D—Do you—uh—well… Do you still want t—to get—”
“What John said to me or what I said to Cas?” Dean asks.
, so I can’t- I don’t hold it against you. It’s just a weird feeling in the back of my head, alright? I’m not tryna blame you here, just explain myself.”
Claire just waves her hand as a dismissal, “Meh. I wasn’t asleep.”
Castiel goes silent. He looks away. He is awful at doing things Dean would rather he didn’t. He just liked his freedom that’s all. But Dean doesn’t wish to hear it, so silent he stays.
“JACK!” Dean screams, finally catching his attention. “IT’S HER! SHE WANTS OUT!”
“So, you’re basically guilt-tripping Jack into eating somewhat healthier?” Sam chided without any heat.
“Well…” Cas began and then paused, trying to gather his thoughts, “I-“ He sighed, “I want to marry Dean.”
“Hey, Dean?” Sam asked from behind him.
Jack shrugs, “Yes and no. I was… uh… Well, I was writing an essay for a practice test and then fell asleep in the middle, and then all the giggling woke me up.”
Claire levels him with a cold look, “Hm, are you fucked up?”
“Do I look like I’m in the mood for your bullshit, Cas?” Dean spat out, harshly.
“She’s with me,” Jack replied. “We’re in harmony.”
“I may not know exactly what his moment of true happiness was, but I know that it was you, wasn’t it?” Sam asked, knowingly. He had only heard mentions of it from Dean and Jack, not the details. He didn’t think he wanted to ask for any, it felt too personal to Dean and Cas. Moreover, he didn’t think he really needed to know more than that the Empty promised to take Cas when he felt truly happy.
