“Captain Steven Rogers is here to see you Sir,” JARVIS’ voice resounded through the workshop. The music had been shut off, indicating it may not have been the first time he’d attempted to get Tony’s attention.
Steve wasn’t interested in any dramatic build up most of the time. He didn’t see the world as a stage where you needed to have the audience wrapped around your finger before introducing the astonishing heartbreak of act two. Steve paired words while he unfurled his hands to showcase an item that said it all more clearly. Any words were drowned out in a rush with Tony only able to take in the colors swirling around his head. Red like… curtains, stoplights, suits or blood.
“Before that, but during as well. I made a lot of snap judgements about you and that was wrong of me. Given what I know now I’d take back various things I said if I could. Short of that I’d like to wipe the slate clean if you are open to it.” His voice was so official sounding. Tony wondered if he recited these things and practiced before coming up here or if the compelling delivery of the words was just something Steve did naturally with ease.
” he screamed out. Dread was creeping through him as he realized that Gerard wasn’t gonna let Tony go at all. He was gonna kill them both and Steve had to do something.
“Enough of that,” Clint suddenly said. “Tony, here’s a question for you.” He directed his attention towards Tony who looked a little taken aback. “Um, yes?”
“Um, I’ll have the..” Steve started, trying to land on a decision.
Tony had never felt relief like that before. He took a breath, composing himself, before fixing Steve with a glare. “You stupid, foolish idiot!” he exclaimed, as he stalked over to Steve’s bed. “How dare you try to die on me! And how dare you try to
Tony turned to look at Steve, who was sitting with his back to the wall. He had rolled his sleeves up to his elbows, and was gazing at Tony with a relaxed smile on his face.
“Can they even do that? Is that even allowed?” Steve said angrily. How did he not know more about Tony’s job? He should have asked before.
Steve drank cold water from the refrigerator, breathing out as his body shuddered. He felt like he was all cried out. There was nothing left to do. He glanced around his apartment once again, taking in everything. Looking at every nook and cranny, he committed everything to memory. The large To-Do whiteboard on the refrigerator that Tony had gotten for him, because he was, as Tony had put it, ‘an absent-minded numpty.’ The coffee table that his mother had gotten for him when he moved into the apartment. The stain on the wall from when he and Tony had spilt wine on it while dancing around the living room. They had desperately tried to scrub it clean, all the while laughing like lunatics. But they had failed miserably and instead decided to stick a houseplant in front of the wall to hide the stain. He took it all in. Once he was done, he readied himself, took his keys and locked his apartment. He went into the elevator and pressed the button to the parking lot.
again. He would never hold him in his arms again. He would never again chuckle at Tony’s poor attempts at sarcasm, which Steve knew were a defense mechanism. He would never see Tony rolling his eyes again. Could he live with that? A pit had formed in his stomach that was growing by the second.
. He would forever regret it if he didn’t. He also wanted to hear Tony’s voice one last time, even if it was a voicemail. Tony’s recorded voice came through and Steve’s knees nearly gave in.
“And just so you know,” the person on the phone continued. “He isn’t at the address I sent you. So you better not try any funny business,” he warned.
. And he was going to do everything in his power to get Tony back. Even so, he was scared of what that might mean. He would probably die, he knew that. Whoever the kidnappers were, they were unlikely to free Steve after getting what they wanted. He would never see his friends again. He would never see
Natasha was sitting inside the office, with her head glued to her phone. She looked up as Steve entered.
“Because it wouldn’t work, Mom!” Steve said, frustration creeping into his voice.
“You’ve
“If you had enough money, what would you do in my place?” Steve repeated. “Or more specifically, what would you build?” he said, chuckling.
Steve gave a brief nod, while looking back sadly. “One year today.”
Steve's whole body had started hurting and he could taste blood. He wanted to cry out in pain, but held himself back. His mind was still focused on the rope around his hands.
help them, not just make empty, vapid promises his father liked to make. Had she considered that?
Gerard was about to protest, but he pressed on. “I’ll find another way to donate. I
“Hah, well, that’s true.” Tony laughed.
Steve stared at the paper in front of him. He had stopped writing, because he couldn’t get his thoughts in order. They were in disarray, and his hands had started shaking as the reality of it set in.
“He does love you, Steve,” she whispered. “You.” She emphasized, poking his chest. “I’ve seen the way he looks at you, when he thinks you aren’t looking. He is so very proud of you. We both are. You’ve achieved so much. He just wants the best for you, Steve. To do right by you. Don’t resent him for that. Please,” she said a little sadly, before patting his head and leaving him alone with his thoughts.
be rolling around in his grave. One look at what Steve had done with his will and who he had left it all to, and his father would have given him an earful.
“Hmm, let’s see…” Steve said, scanning the menu above the barista. He had started ignoring Tony’s little nicknames for him and instead started smiling fondly with a shake of his head.
“I’m not forcing anybody’s hand. The reason we wanted to start this charity in the first place was to help underprivileged people get better medical assistance. That was the goal. I think you might have forgotten that minor fact,” Steve said a little testily. “I won’t change my mind. This is how I want to do it. Now if you’ll excuse me…” he said, before closing the door of his office in their faces.
different. It was the one-year anniversary of the day when he was traumatized forever, when his world changed, when responsibility came crashing down on his head, when he suddenly became one of the most important people in the world, when, when, when. There were a lot of ‘when’s that happened that day. But the worst one, he surmised, was when he lost his parents forever. It was when he became an orphan. It still hurt, he realized with a jolt. It still hurt in his heart, physically. There was a painful ache that would never go away. More ache for his mother rather than his father, but an ache nonetheless.
“No,” Steve said simply. He wasn’t going to tarnish his father’s legacy and put all his employees in jeopardy at the hands of this madman.
Steve was about a couple of minutes away from Tony’s apartment when he got a text. He took his phone out with rising apprehension and carefully opened it. The moment he saw the text, he took a sharp breath. There was a photo attached, of Tony looking like he was about to pass out. He had a bleeding nose and Steve could make out that he had been crying. The caption read
“Something wrong?” Tony asked, noticing Steve’s frustrated expression.
Sarah looked shocked for a minute before getting up and hugging her son. She hugged him tightly, and he held on like his life depended on it.
Taking a deep breath, he opened his phone. He called up Tony’s number and held the phone to his ear, his hand shaking slightly. He knew Tony was not going to answer. His phone was probably at his apartment - where Tony wasn’t. Because Tony was kidnapped. Because of Steve. But he wanted to leave a message. He knew he had to do
“Sure. Let’s see how long that lasts,” she said smirking, before they made their way back, where Tony and Bruce were still talking excitedly about the work Bruce was doing.
“I’ll get us some more drinks,” Natasha said, rolling her eyes as she got up and motioned for Steve to come along. Steve looked at her, puzzled for a moment before following her. He sighed when he saw his bodyguard coming along, though keeping a respectable distance. It was like a constant shadow hovering around him.
look like some sort of warehouse, a thought suddenly popped into his head. He hadn’t been completely off-base in his imaginings after all.
you find me anyway?” Steve frowned a little.
s thrown at him from around the table.
“I, uh, I’ve been trying to build this geolocation sensor that’ll keep track of the places you’ve visited. Sort of like a travel diary? But automated. It’s a pet project of mine,” Tony said, still a little stiff. “But uh, it’s hard to find resources. Money is a little tight right now, and the job doesn’t pay much, so…” he muttered and left the words hanging.
“And why not?” Sarah countered, and sat up straighter, putting her book down to look at Steve better. “On the contrary, I think taking over the company is
“Well, I’m sorry for your loss as well,” the guy said while looking behind Steve at the headstones. “For your… parents?” the guy attempted, suddenly viewing Steve in a different light.
“Really?” Steve asked, a little overwhelmed.
.” Steve said the last word in a tone that made it clear it wasn’t his own. “My father had started the initiative, and had presided over the event every year. This is the first year I’m spearheading it, since his passing.”
Bucky laughed a little at the interaction and smiled consolingly at Steve. “We’ll play some time later, Steve. You get your rest now. See? I’m resting as well.” He laid back down on his own bed, closing his eyes. The door slammed open suddenly and two women walked in, which made him open his eyes again.
get a scholarship to MIT,” Tony scoffed and rolled his eyes, though there was a pained expression on his face.
. But hey, I might be wrong.” He held his hands up in a placating gesture.
“What?” he said into the phone, perking up slightly. “Okay, I’ll be right there.”
“Steve tells us you’re some sort of galaxy-brained genius?” Bruce interjected, trying to change the subject. Tony gave him a grateful smile.
Steve started making a mental checklist of things he had to do. He had to leave instructions for the board of directors at his company. They would have to choose a new president. He had to inform his vice-president about the status of the top-level projects his company was handling. He had to give explicit directions on how he wanted the funds allocated to those projects. There was no time to be scared now. He wiped his face, shuddered a little, took a deep breath and sat down at the table. But first things first, he needed to update his will. A fortune as big as his, it was of utmost importance. He opened the locked drawer where he kept important documents and took out a file. As he was about to close it, his eyes fell on a bunch of receipts, and a smile automatically graced his face. Tens of receipts were bunched together, from a coffee shop, from the time spent with Tony. Alongside them, an old, worn-out coffee stirrer with a note attached -
They were laying in Tony’s bed at his apartment with a globe of the world perched in between them. They were playing a game of ‘Where would we go?’ - one person would spin the globe, the other would cover their eyes and point to a place. They would then joke about going on a trip there. It was a silly game, Steve knew. But that was why it was also enjoyable. They enjoyed each other’s company so much that even foolish games were interesting. Steve had never had this much fun doing absolutely nothing, and he knew it was all because of Tony. He smiled back, before pretending to think.
what you need to do to achieve what you want. In fact, I think you’ll be able to do it better, because you’ll have all the resources at hand that you normally wouldn’t,” Sarah pointed out.
“About two days,” Tony answered, trying to stay angry but failing. “You didn’t have any critical injuries. Thank god we found you when we did.”
“Is there a problem?” Steve asked, frowning. He looked at the barista before glancing at Tony worriedly.
they said. Will it really? Steve hoped so. The last thing he remembered was thinking how he wished he could talk to Tony again. And then he blacked out.
do it, but not like this.”
“Yeah!” Steve said cheerily, as he got up and showed off his fight moves that Bucky had taught him, all thoughts of sleep forgotten. “Now no one can come at me!” Steve roared, a fierce expression on his face. His first couple of visits to the hospital had not been pleasant. Some other kids in the children’s wing had decided to pick on him, because of how small he had been. It was Bucky who had intervened and scared them off. They quickly became best friends after that.
“Steve! Stop that right now!” The nurse said, a little more forcefully. She came over and took the bag from him. “Lie down now, else you’ll get another coughing fit. You can play video games later.”
Someone fiddled with a knot at the back of his head, and suddenly he could see again. He squinted his eyes at the light in the room, and tried to shield himself, before realizing that he couldn’t move his hands. He turned to look at the person who had spoken and tried to think of something to say, but words were lost on him. Gerard stood there, a smirk on his face, his hands in the pockets of his well-tailored suit that looked pointedly out of place in the dilapidated setting they were in, and a calm posture, as if Steve posed no threat to him. And Steve hated the fact that he was right.
Steve gave directions to the cab driver to park the car three blocks away from the given address. He had to go there alone, after all. He paid for the ride, turned around and started walking slowly, feeling like he was literally walking towards his death. Which, in a way he was, he concluded. It had started raining in full force, and he hadn’t brought an umbrella in a hurry. So he walked along the footpath getting soaked in the rain, but feeling completely numb towards it. He looked around a little. He was somewhere on the outskirts of the city and the place was completely deserted, with only the howl of the wind to keep him company. The street lights flickered over his head. Some of them weren’t even functional. As he walked along, a deserted structure became visible on his left and he took a sharp breath. That must be the place, he thought. He started walking towards it, gaining a little purpose in his step, all thoughts of fear suddenly forgotten. The place looked absolutely ghostly, it looked like a one-storey structure, with no paint on the outside and no window-frames visible. It was as if they had halted construction in the middle, gone away and had never come back. It somehow
Steve groaned and put a hand to his head. “I think she’s given up hope. Rather... I hope she’s given up hope.”
He was still there. Wearing what looked too similar to the reconnaissance uniform Tony had made for Steve years ago, modified several times since then. All in black, he seemed to skulk within the shadows the city lights produced. He’d never seen Steve in here when the room was this dark. It would have been easy to chalk this up to imagination if it wouldn’t have been for the longer hair and beard going on. When Tony imagined Steve he was a clean cut thing of light.
And that was the problem. Thrill seeker he was. Always had been. Before Iron Man there had been extreme sports. During, villains... and now there was this. The challenge that he always wound himself up to meet.
for betaing this chapter. Seriously without betas all of my chapters would have 90% less commas. Thanks again for reading. Thanks also for all the kudos and comments.
“I’m not rejoining the team Rogers,” Tony ground out the words more clearly, stronger than he had previously. He could feel genuine annoyance starting to seep in.
Steve was still looking down at him, amusement being overtaken by that concern. The disappointment that was so familiar to Tony, he’d grown up with it cloaked around him. For all the pain it caused him, it meant Steve was alive and not dead on some country road leading to nowhere. If he could feel sorry for Tony it meant that his heart was still beating.
As if sensing Tony’s malevolent intentions, “I’d rather spend all day learning texting acronyms.”
He came away always seeing red.
“If you- I’ll-”
“I’ve got this,” He was hoping it would be less of a lie this time around. Tony clapped Rhodes on the back a little too hard, they both winced. The awkwardness grew and he couldn’t remember the last time he’d felt this uncomfortable around anyone. He wasn’t sure if it was the reality of Rhodey’s injury re-presenting itself or the fact that he’d just had some of the best and stupid sex of his life.
Thank you to
“Nope,” Tony replied easily, sensing a button whenever there was one available to push. There was a twitch in what would have been a face that was otherwise an ode to symmetry.
“Hello mortals,” said the Asgardian in the middle. She’d immediately stood apart from the others, before figuratively, now literally as she broke rank and stepped past the humans she’d been using as a shield. “Iron Man,” the woman said in an additional greeting. “Now this is the kind of welcome I’ve been waiting for.” She had the otherworldly quality that Asgardians carried with them. Green silks and gold plating not of this world and also a little too sparse for the cooling weather. Even from across a field of sand Tony could pick up the green of her eyes, the hypnotic quality that had him wanting to step closer wasn’t natural, part of something more that was going on in this scene.
Mindsets could settle over you like a second skin. Fall across and you’d wonder if this wasn’t always the landscape. It was easy for Tony to believe he was always meant to be this. That he was the closest he would ever get to being good, when in this. No wonder he couldn’t walk away. The fear. The adrenaline. The consequences. It all fell away in the face of this.
That’s how he’d save Steve and the others. Everyone. By keeping himself out of the picture.
The words may not have been true, but the iron grip on his lungs lessened in its pressurized hold. He’d never gone into details with Steve about what he’d seen. Steve had never gone into details with him. He didn’t plan on changing that, but he still needed to know what more looked like. “Can I ask you something Cap?”
Tony felt mildly affronted and it was also a non answer. “Pretty sure my IQ would run circles around your IQ.”
“Not even breaking a sweat,” Steve said, despite the words, there was a shortness of breath there. Tony rolled his eyes and fired another blast in the second Asgardian’s direction, this one was better prepared, trying to get out of the way and only getting a brush of the blast on his side.
“Ah yeah?” Steve questioned, smiling.
He glanced over at Steve who was already shaking his head. “Can’t say we have.”
Tony nodded slowly, taking another sip of coffee before placing the mug at the edge of his desk. He never was really sure where there conversations would turn to. He felt torn between finishing the suit and listening to Steve talk about the good ole’ days. Tony did his best to multitask between the two.
“What did you do?” came out of his mouth. Halting on each word, dropping his voice to a menacing tone. Threatening and clenched teeth. Hand wound around the front of Steve’s shirt, pulling the stretchy material tighter. He didn’t know what he’d do if Steve had actually managed to hurt the kid, but he’d gotten close enough that the Spider-Man mask was wrapped around fingertips that were capable of ripping logs in half.
Peter looked pained at the idea of the impending doom that came along with breaking the terms of his grounding. That wouldn’t be a pretty conversation. Tony was sure to get another earful on top of it. A well deserved earful, but he couldn’t help but mimic Peter’s downcast face at his own near future.
“Come here,” Tony ordered lowly. Every time Steve pulled away gave him time to think. He didn’t want to go where thinking brought him. It was something only Steve seemed to be able to manage. Grounding him into the present where no ideas of the past or future could blink their distractions.
Steve nodded, carefully considering each of Tony’s words. “I don’t know what I think about the future, but I believe in you. And if you think you can build a better future than I believe in that too.”
“I want you around. I don’t care if you never bring out Iron Man ever again, you’re still part of the team.” Steve took a deeper breath in an effort to stabilize what emotional state he was struggling with. “I thought you’d gone back to California. I just learned from Rhodey that you’ve been stuck up in this Tower for weeks. You are only a couple hours away-”
“I don’t think she counts. Not by your standards at least.” Tony made a face at that. “She reminded me a lot of Peggy.” Steve had gone from easy going and lighthearted joking to radiating immense discomfort instantly. He shifted uneasily. “And I guess in the end that didn’t feel right.”
“More to strategy than odds.”
Hello, hello, hello!  I’m very thankful to
“If you have a guest bedroom to spare that would be great.” Steve was once again smiling. It was the kind of smile that filled you with warmth. Tony wasn’t sure how to handle this turn towards friendship with Steve. Hadn’t completely wrapped his brain around any of their interactions over the last few minutes.
“Wait.”
“Sure,” Tony said immediately, like he actually had a choice in the matter. It was a nice offer, though Tony had his doubts about how long they would stay cordial. He could honestly say that when he started today this had not be anywhere near his radar.
“I think I’d have remembered. Why don’t you tell me what you’re here for Enchantress?”
Both Peter and Steve glanced sharply at Tony. Peter struggling with an expression while Steve narrowed his eyes further. Tony shrugged, he called it like he saw it.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve merely glanced at him with an eyebrow raised.
“Hey,” Steve paused. “Mr. Stark,” he continued hesitatingly. The uncertainty would have relaxed Tony if he wasn’t wired with so much coffee. “I’m actually here to see you.”
The landing onto the sand surface was gentle enough that it would have been undetectable if it weren’t for the door sliding open to reveal what the heat signatures had hinted at. Three Asgardians facing the hellicarier. The only barrier the five humans standing before them. A quick scan revealed there was nothing physically keeping them in place. If the civilians stared blankly ahead, left hand at their side, right holding what looked to be a knife or something along those lines across their chest.
“You’re being oddly elusive today. Why don’t you tell me what I need to be congratulated over? I’m a very accomplished guy you know.” Tony winked and accompanied the words with empty gesticulations of his hands.
“It was close. Closer than I thought possible given two super soldiers teaming up on me.” Steve grimaced while Tony looked on bitterly. More bitter for Steve acting like it was painful to think about. “You don’t have your boyfriend with you now. You’re on my turf, we are several stories up. I may not be the master strategist, but odds aren’t in your favor this round.” Which was probably true working under the assumption Tony could get his suit in time. Otherwise, this would be a laughable fight on his part.
“And here I thought I was stating the obvious. Tell you what, you show me yours and I’ll show you mine.” Their legs were still pressed against each other. Tony ignored that and the obvious innuendo of what he’d just said.
It was laughable. Tony didn’t think his brain had ever learned how to walk away from a fight. It was the way they were most similar. “If I’m flying out of here it’ll be to throw you back into Brooklyn,” he managed with hostile quietness. Looking him dead in the eye with as much intensity as he could manage, conveying the depths of his resentment and anger the best he could.
Tony frowned. Not liking the confidence, slight lean inward or the downcast gaze from Steve. “Are you really flirting with me right now?”
“I better add precognition to my resume,” Tony said dryly, dismissing the praise in any form. Flattery couldn’t get you everywhere… Well, Steve had already gotten into his pants twice, but off of different principals. The principal being Tony always had poor self-restraint and he’d never wanted anything the way he sometimes wanted Steve. It went past all logic. That he was thinking about this at all instead of battle defied all logic.
Tony forced himself to look away and back at Rhodey. It only took half a second for Rhodes to swing his head back and forth between the two of them. Pieces coming together perfectly behind his eyes.
He did a slight hand motion toward the suit. Only the slightest change in the air an indication that it was seamlessly closing in around him. There were no metallic clicks, just the armor sliding into place along his body like it had always belonged there. It made a distant tower in a city full of them seem distant. This was coming home, this is what destiny and fate felt like. He curled and uncurled his fist, metal following along with the movement.
On the third day Rhodey had joined him wordlessly. There had been no berating, punching, telling Tony how stupid he was or any of the negative reactions he'd been expecting. Just his best friend drinking with him until Tony figured out a way to live with himself. They would talk all about it in more detail. Later, Tony knew that, but for now having his friend there had felt like enough. This whole blocking-out-the-entire-world method never went particularly well for him: the current prime example being Steve in his driveway back dropped by a setting sun.
Even that caused an ache somewhere deep inside of Tony. All these phantoms in his brain made him miss the real thing. It’d only been a couple months, but he missed Steve. He missed his full body laugh, surprisingly snarky personality. The annoyingly domineering streaks and the way Steve always knew he was right. Tony missed their talks about the nothing and the important. He missed everything.
“Why spend four hours of your day driving for imaginary meetings when you could have a conference over the phone. Why don’t we get to what’s going on here Tony?” At least the softness was gone now, replaced with something… Less than steel, it was malleable but left Tony little room to slip away from.
That in here lied forever.
Perhaps the best thing Tony could do was what he’d already done: get the hell out of their way. He didn’t sell and trade in death anymore, but it still seemed to follow in his wake. He had a reaper on a weak chain, one where it slashed and cut at anything near. The only answer was that the remnants of the team needed to be well and far from him. Where his destruction couldn’t reach.
“Better than yours,” Steve said as shortly as he could manage.
Steve took a minute in which he allowed the silence to stretch. Appeared to be processing the words and Tony’s anxiety built while he waited. “Gee, that’s very kind of you Tony.”
“I’d have destroyed the arctic, traveled the galaxy, gone to different dimensions, all to find you.” It was a confession, but Tony made it sound like a haughty declaration.
Maybe the last one was more mundane. His new therapist was really into breathing exercises. Sometimes they helped with the attacks. He doubted they were going to do him much good now.
“How did you figure out he was tailing you?” Tony asked, sighing.
He might as well be upfront. “I actually have a floor for you,” he said slowly. Drawing out certain words so that the sentence became weirdly structured.
Tony frowned behind his mask. “That does make the most sense.” And it did. Tony could remove people from the blast zone much more quickly than Steve would be able to. “Without your shield, I’m not sure if-”
“I’m fine Mr. Stark. You don’t need to treat me like a kid, really.” Peter’s eyes ricocheted between the two of them, wide-eyed curiosity vibrating from every pore.
He could feel Steve’s ragged breaths turn into throaty sounds. Tony couldn’t clearly remember a time he'd seen Steve breathing this hard. Steve pulled himself out slowly, letting Tony feel every inch before thrusting back in. The strokes were tentative, testing. Too cautious for what Tony wanted, despite the relief of having Steve there. He didn’t want gentle with Steve mouthing kisses along his jugular. It left too much room for him to be overwhelmed with emotion. Left spaces for caring and sweet nothings to come fill.
“Not another step.” Her answering smile was all condescension and when she stopped it felt like she was merely humoring a benign request. “I have a feeling you’re about to tell me,” Tony prompted.
Tony turned his head away and stared at a distant tree. Concentrating hard on that while he got past the variety of emotions Steve expertly elicited. He took a few seconds to recollect himself. “I’m not doing this with you,” he breathed. “I’m not interested. The other night was a fluke. I’m engaged. Take your pick. Not doing this.” Maybe his last pick was currently a lie, but it would be weeks before the news got out and saying the word engaged did its job. Steve stiffened, his jaw clenching.
“It’s perfect.”
He sighed heavily. “We’re agreed on bringing back the red and white?” Tony tried again for the third time to pin down Steve’s uncertainty. He had the projections of the uniform lined up against Steve’s body. He’d just made a couple alterations to the leg to tweak what Tony considered problem areas.
Tony could understand parts of it. He was never one for the present though. His mental faculties had trouble slowing down enough to appreciate a moment. It was always in the future. To what was next. To what was bigger and had to be better than the current reality they lived in.
It would have been more convincing if Steve hadn’t chosen that moment to come barreling down the hall, shirt in hand instead of covering the expanse of his chest. Face slightly flushed in a combination of annoyance and mild exertion. He pinned Tony down with a look that radiated disappointment, agitation and barely reigned in anger. Tony found his tongue tracing over his bottom lip reflexively.
“You’re paying for that or your new sugar daddy is. I’m not choosy.”
“You don’t talk about him a lot,” Steve said and it was slightly off topic because Steve knew Tony’s avoided subjects just as well as Tony knew his. His steering it toward Tony’s avoidance of Howard was tactical, and Tony couldn’t let him get away with it too easily.
“Go inside and find Happy. He’ll take you home. I’ll figure out how to smooth things over with your aunt,” Tony said shooing Peter away.
This time when their mouths came together Tony was better prepared. As one tongue curled to meet another all he could taste was copper. All he could feel was the sting of his lower lip as he tangled his hands in Steve’s hair. Pulled hard so he’d come away with strands even as he brought him closer. Steve had one hand back to his face. The other around his throat sliding idly over his pulse. Just a hint of threat that had Tony nipping lightly at the cut he’d given Steve.
“Mine is better,” Tony gasped. Wondering if T’challa had been the one to play dress up with Steve or someone else. “That is unnecessarily complicated.”
Tony was already blasting up from the sand, muttering a series of curses under his breath as he went. Steve running in the direction. “All five of you humans. It would please me greatly if you died right here on this very sand. Let’s call it a mark of your service to me. Get to it.” The first man was on his knees, the knife still embedded in his upper abdomen. The knife being held in place was the only thing keeping the blood from flooding out of the newly formed cavity. The pain of the first action slowed him down from yanking it back out.
Steve opened his mouth, but Tony held his hand out to stop him.
“You told him your name?” Tony managed slowly with further bewildered skepticism.
He couldn’t help glancing over at Steve. At the way the tension had seeped out of him. Tony expected his eyes to be closed, face tilted up at the ceiling… But they weren’t, they were watching him instead. Steve’s facial expression serene and contemplative, but staring at Tony like he was still putting his soul out on display. As if, Tony really had given him the answers.
Tony liked to consider himself logical. This was the best result they could possibly gain after their previous confrontation. He should be happy and take the steps needed to mend bridges. There were higher stakes than his hurt feelings. They were smart, well intentioned thoughts.
Steve took a seat in the stool next to Tony. Had gone back to looking thoughtful rather than on guard. He surprised Tony by actually delving into it. “My father died in service, never got to know him. My mom was a nurse, died during a TB outbreak when I was young.”
Steve laughed while nodding. “Yep and you’re drunk.”
“But in the end I’ve always believed in building a better future than the present. I’ve tried living in the present, only got me into trouble.
After asking for the med unit to be on standby upon their arrival, keeping his mouth shut was easy. His mind going in circles around everything he’d seen, what it meant, and what he could do to prevent this from happening if that was only the first two of a series. He didn’t stare at Steve sitting in the driver’s seat instead of him. Steve glaring out into the open sky with a scrape down his cheek. He hadn’t gotten a good look at Steve at all or a chance to assess him for injuries. He walked Tony over just fine, but Steve was much better at hiding pain. Maybe once they landed Tony could get a better idea.
Steve was clenching his jaw. “Several Shield casualties or don’t they count?”
She smiled. The woman had the Asgardian tone of superiority down pat. On Thor it was endearing, Loki exasperating, here… Something unnerving.  “Do you know the difference between a god and a goddess?” She questioned taking a step towards them. Tony didn’t hesitate in raising his arm, repulsor glowing with an unreleased charge.
“Damn right I do.” Tony dragged him down further so Steve had to brace himself against the glass. Drew his tongue along the whiskey that was rolling its way down Steve’s face. “Tell me otherwise when we’re done and I’ll know you’re a liar,” he pushed farther.
“Yes, Boss. I’ll be landing the vehicle in approximately one hundred and eighty-two seconds. Is there anything else you would like me to do for you?”
Steve made a displeased noise as he complied. “Sure.” The silence that followed stretched longer than Steve was comfortable with. “Do you think anything is going on with-”
“I miss you.”
Tony threw back his head and laughed at the idea and Steve’s expression. “I’d hope not.”
Steve was rolling his eyes at Tony. “I really do-”
Tony felt the edges of hysteria almost take hold of him when he saw the small compact bottle Steve pulled out. “You came here thinking you were going to get lucky?” he asked laughing even while the undercurrent of fury worked its way through him. Steve had brought lube to their first meeting after beating him to a pulp. Of course he had, this was par for the course wasn’t it? Tony felt the only real temptation to walk out of there since they’d started this.
Steve was grinning in an infuriating fashion. “I’ve become a rebel in my old age,” he called back to Tony. His arms folded neatly over his chest, showcasing all of the muscular definition Tony shouldn’t be staring at.
“Oh, we are doing this. All the way. Like this. Okay,” Tony stared at the hand extended towards him before clasping it. Steve’s grip was strong, but not in an overly assertive way. “I’m Tony Stark. Genius, Billionaire, Playboy, Philanthropist.” Steve looked like he wanted to make a comment but resisted. “You may see me flying around in a red and gold suit sometimes. Hard to miss.”
“Exchanging jewelry?”
Tony debated crawling across the room to figure out if there was anything left in the spilled whiskey bottle. Maybe lick it straight off the floor. “I don’t like you. You don’t like me. We had sex. Now we are not having sex. Conversation over.”
“Them too. Can you walk back to the helicarrier or do you need help?”
“What happened in India?”
! Thanks as always for reading and commenting, it really means so much to me.
“Tony?”
“Drinking?” Steve asked, his head indicating to tilt at the bottle.
“We’ll talk about it when you’ve sobered up.”
“Okay, I know you can be a little slow on these things Cap, but when you bust your shield through a man’s armor you don’t get to do these drop-bys. When you’re a war criminal you don’t get to come up to an Avenger for a hang out. What did you want? For me to arrest you? I’m really not in the mood to get up, call the suit, and kick your ass.”
Then realizing what he’d done Tony stared at his hand in horror, ignoring the quiet sting along his knuckles. Steve had his own wide eyed expression going on before they narrowed. Steve shook his head laughing quietly as blood dripped from his mouth.
“I always like to plan for any eventuality,” Steve responded conversationally. Drizzling the liquid onto his fingers. His other hand still working Tony over to the point that choked off moans were making their way from his chest. The thought of leaving quickly becoming a distant memory once again. The power Steve had over him was dangerous, now more than ever before.
Tony’s eyes cut sharply to the side. “Well, I just miss the one man act days so much,” he drawled, resuming his brisk pace down the hall. In reality, he wasn’t willing to risk SHIELD agents when the tech he’d come up with to combat the foreseen energy blast could only be fully tested out in said combat. He wasn’t willing to put someone’s life on the line for a test run. Vision would be the ideal one to send out for this fight, even if the counter energy shields Tony had come with failed, vibranium should be able to take the hit with minimal damage to his person. Only one problem, “I don’t know where Vision is.”
“Yes, Boss?” Came the not too familiar Irish lilt over the speakers.
“Put it to voicemail,” Tony said with a wave of his hand. Ignoring the look Steve sent his way.
“It’s not what it looks like,” Tony tried. It may be a lost battle, but he wasn’t going down without a bit of a fight.
Steve opened the door to the bedroom and managed to maneuver them both through the doorway. Tony deposited himself to the edge of his bed, kicking off his socks as he went. He rubbed at his ankle before staring back to the ever expanding concern radiating off of Steve. Scorn, scorn would make this better.
“In all the wrong ways. What are you doing here Steve?” Tony couldn’t not grin in the face of this absurdity. A confused manic hysteria had it’s claws deeply embedded into his bones. It was disaster and end of days and he caused it all, he was humanity’s downfall. He had long since stopped being a merchant and was freely giving death away.
“I can engage the enemy while you clear any remaining civilians from the perimeter,” Steve offered like it was a conversation among equals.
Tony had been very present during the construction process of the Avengers Tower. It was his baby. A flagship of sorts. He knew that at some point the room had been gutted like it was in present day, but back then it had been waiting. Waiting for life to fill its spaces and it had. He could see it all. The memories. The rooms were no longer waiting to be filled, but empty. Useless abandoned space of what it had been. Even without any furniture Tony could see it all. Even without the people. He could still see it all.
“Hey, I’m just your neighborhood mechanic. Talks are for Captain America,” Tony said, with a sly smile. His fingers getting that itch in them again, but there was nothing to fiddle with.
“I think I could.” Steve was trying not to laugh. Tony continued to be flustered while Dum-E whirred over to clean up the mess.
“I didn’t grow up with my name in the media. I don’t expect everyone to know everything about me when I’m having a conversation with them.”
He was failing at that. Maybe it was the rawness of their environment. That Tony had already been thinking of his parents. The way Steve looked at him. He couldn’t be sure, would have to analyze it later. Maybe talk it out with the new therapist.
Steve laughed, but it was the scripted variety more for Tony’s benefit than anything genuine. “You should probably have a talk with him about that.”
“I know old fashion guys like you don’t move that fast,” Tony quipped dryly before he could help himself. “This device hasn’t been tested, but it should be tripped in reaction to the heat signature of the energy blast we are expecting to incur while in the field today.”
The notions felt too romantic, when this was a far thing from that. This was a new form of war against each other. Tony could feel the tallies racking up when Steve slipped his fingers free. Let the air fill the spaces between their mouths once again. He felt so empty and had a preview of what it would be like when this was done. Wanted to chase that feeling away as quickly as he could with more. More of Steve.
Unprepared and sitting on the ground like an open target. He needed Steve where he was.
Tony debated strangling him. “Let me think. Uh no. Not okay. Do it anyway.”
Steve surprised him by blushing. His cheeks highlighting in the low lights of his apartment. Tony turned away as well when he found his face getting a familiar heat behind it. He had nothing to be embarrassed about but found himself rambling anyway.
After they’d died… After his mother died, Tony had a hard time playing anything. It’d never been for him the way inventing had become. Still, at every property, he owned it felt empty without a piano. Without an armchair in the corner of some grand space. Even if he didn’t play it, the items were necessary to even pretend like it was a home.
When Steve touched him he was alight. Arching into it because Steve wasn’t one of hundreds. He was singular. The only one in his orbit and Tony would have to come to terms with that, later. Not now when Steve’s mouth was back on his skin licking his way down. Whispering words that Tony didn’t have the hearing to pick up. Didn’t particularly care about picking it up when a hand landed on his zipper. Felt the hardness there. Tony wanted to say he had never been harder in his life. That it was to the point of being painful. Everything with Steve felt good until it became painful.
“I think we should talk about this Tony.”
“We have four unique heat signatures off the East Coast of New Jersey Boss. Two are confirmed to be Asgardian, the third and fourth are of an unknown origin.” Almost as an afterthought, “Not human.”
“Have JARVIS play it back to you as many times as you want.”
“Then leave. You don’t belong here anymore. Moreover you aren’t welcome here anymore,” Tony replied indicating the door.
“Ha, bulky. There won’t be any restricted movement. The padding is frankly necessary with your inability to keep your feet on the ground. You’re lucky I’m not adding more padding to your ass as well,” Tony muttered to himself while taking a look at the arm’s section of the uniform.
A long pause on Steve’s part. Searching eye contact as he tried to come up with words. Whatever Steve saw caused him to look away once more. “You’re an idiot.”
Which was exactly why Tony resolutely wasn’t watching Captain America get into the standard SHIELD stealth suit, he wasn’t. It wasn’t his fault that the helicarrier had reflective surfaces that were drawn to Steve like he was the only source of light in the room. That the way the suit clung to him made Tony feel like he standing next to a supernova. Steve pulled up the cloth that covered the lower half of his face, doing a good enough job of concealing his identity from the public eye. Most people weren’t Tony, they didn’t have the angle of his eyebrows memorized. They wouldn’t recognize the way his eyes narrowed, the way they did right now in Tony’s direction.
Tony shook his head hard. “You didn’t,” Tony said sighing and squeezing shut his eyes tighter. Enough clarity was coming back that embarrassment over the realization of his current predicament was crawling in. He laughed dryly. “You’re right I’m just- I need some time.”
“Or your history books. The mythology is often off-color, but I’ve been-”
“I don’t recall calling and yet here you are. I don’t think your system is working right.”
“You can handle the other guy on your own?” Tony questioned over the intercom.
Steve walked in looking, well only a way Steve could look. Helplessly suspended in time. Fashion choices seemed to be a jumble of different periods. Nothing was 1940s besides the hair, but Tony couldn’t be sure what was going on with the rest of him. He wanted to immediately tease Steve about it, but wasn’t sure how it would be taken. Sure, the guy had shook his hand upon leaving last time… But what else were you supposed to do after a teammate nearly died after falling from outer space?
Tony ignored that Steve hadn’t glanced back at all, but was looking at him instead.
Tony must be worse off for wear than he thought if Steve was now bartering with him about his sleep. He wasn’t the first to attempt it, but wearing what he was... It was too tempting an offer to refuse. “Yeah, alright. We can do that,” Tony agreed. “Stay in the tower in the meantime?”
Tony turned quickly, repulsors first preparing for a strike. That wasn’t why Steve had asked Tony to look. The waves were lapping aggressively at the shore as the self-proclaimed Enchantress walked across the water top. A strengthening green aura pouring from her and into the water below, all of slinking towards a concentration of the same color farther out from shore.
“Stop saying my name.” Tony let his face rest in his hands. Tried to wipe away any emotion there before bringing his head back up.
All of those ideas in his head. All of those ideas that he couldn’t let control him again.
Steve was going full tilt on the glower he was sending Tony’s way. “Gone,” the word fell between them. “I’ve got her guys tied up and unconscious in the helicarrier.”
“Never thought you would look at me that way.” Steve had come to an open abrupt stop. Body looking statuesque. The control he had over it was absolute.
“But you’re not always there… There.” Tony laughed despite himself, getting ready to mock that particular sentence, but Steve cut him off with a look. “The team doesn’t need a genius. Or a ‘mechanic.’ It doesn’t need a billionaire.” Clearly, Steve didn’t realize how much Tony poured into the operations. “They need Tony Stark.”
Tony had never become much of a composer when it came to the piano, but he was a good mimic. Not because he took any stock in his mother’s words about music and science… But he liked to see her smile. He liked that when his fingers pressed into the keys she’d sink into the armchair in the corner of the room. She’d sit down in the chair with a glass of wine, her eyes would close and she’d listen. Maria Stark would listen to him for hours playing other people’s masterpieces. How could he possibly resist the look of pride on her face when he couldn’t get Howard to sit and listen to him talk about his SI proposals for a single minute?
“You’d do anything to avoid meeting in person with your business partners.”
If he were just one tenth of a percentile less drunk than he was, this would be embarrassing, Humiliating, doubt provoking. That hardly mattered when he was this drunk. It gave him permission to say the words out loud he’d always been thinking. His thoughts were distorted and disconnected in the way everything that had ever bothered him was joined together.
“We’re busy planning Tony’s coming out party,” Rhodey remarked.  Steve hadn’t slowed his pace to match theirs, just shook his head at them and kept walking. A loosening in the tension between his shoulders the only sign part of him was either amused or pleased by Rhodes comment.
Tony snorted while rolling his eyes to cover up the accuracy of that statement. “Like you would know how I conduct myself in business meetings.”
“Sorry Mr. Stark. He snuck up on me.” Tony couldn’t imagine how Steve had snuck up on Peter who must have been slinging himself around different rooftops. Tony paused in his thought. Actually he could. He definitely could. It had probably not been when Peter was spying at all, but during reverse surveillance. After Steve had realize Spider-Man was keeping tabs on him, he’d waited until Peter had left, was less on his guard and caught him at another moment.
“I dunno. Guess I’ll have to wait and see.” Steve moved his hand away from the zipper. Curling it around Tony’s thigh, pulling the limb up into a folded position. Used his thumb to rub circles there.
“What the hell is going on here?” Tony questioned more to himself, making his way over to the civilians.
“It may not seem as bad now, with how far medicine has advanced. Back then all my health problems were as good as a death sentence. They didn’t expect me to make it a few months, let alone years.”
Tony looked over at Steve, trying to tamp down the urge to be haughty or defensive. “Well, all of your stories about Vision ignoring the idea of privacy and going through the walls has made the idea so tempting.”
“Rich in irony tonight I see. We didn’t need you. I didn’t need you, don’t. Get over yourself,” Tony responded looking away to the empty room again. The damage time could do was incomprehensible.
Walking out of the hallway, there was a ghost of temptation to look back. To see Steve pull up his clothes along his legs. To lean against the door with folded arms and smirk. To wait for him. Kiss him one more time, before putting his life on the line. There was something exhilarating about the idea that he could not come back. That one last kiss from Steve wouldn’t haunt him or be left to deal with when he strode back into the facility. He could take one last second-
“It’s not,” Tony said watching as Steve brought the glass to his mouth. “I wasn’t drinking it.” It’s annoying how much you could miss someone who wasn’t there. Sometimes he got out his mother’s classic hits, closed his eyes and the smell of her favorite vintage made him feel like she was in the room. Steve took a sip of it and immediately made a face that had Tony smiling despite himself. “Not your usual fair either?”
Tony tried not to feel offended. “Yeah, okay. I’m not dressing you to look like me, don’t worry. You couldn’t pull it off. We’ll go all sporty or something. Uh we’ll see. Just not this.” Tony gestured at the shirt which appeared to be channeling the 70s. The worst parts of the 70s.
“Okay fine. I don’t like you. You don’t not like me. Happy? If you want to talk go find Sam or Bucky. I’m sure your pals will love to chat it up. I need you to leave though. Now.”
Tony shook the thought away, concentrating on what really mattered.
“You want me to tell you what it looks like?” Tony didn't need to be told, he could imagine. Not a single strand of Steve’s hair could agree on which direction it wanted to go. While Steve had managed to wipe his face down, unlike Tony, his mouth was an abused red. In a few steps they’d be able to see imprints of Tony’s hand and teeth along Steve’s skin.
He laid back onto his monochromatic comforter. “You leaving?”
“I’ve done it twice.”
It’s funny. How no matter how much time goes by what you can never forget. Your mother’s last words. Your father’s rare praise. A stranger’s footsteps.
“See you later Peter.”
“What’s wrong with talking a lot?” Tony shot back. Less defensive and more spoiling for a pointless fight. Steve didn’t bring Peter all the way here just to say gotcha. That was an easy excuse and they were dancing around the real reason. Tony couldn’t tell yet if it was business, personal, or both.
for betaing this chapter and getting me back on track. Really, I’m not sure I would have been able to post this at all without their help.
Tony was in therapy. Again. Hadn’t really left it but changed professionals a few times. Never really a right fit for his issues. How do you recover from falling out of a worm hole and not knowing how one would react if it happened again? How does one cope with being partially responsible for the many deaths of innocents? How do you handle Captain America exploiting your weaknesses, his shield crushing into your chest? How do you process him pretending to be your friend like so many others in a long line of traitors?
Tony moved the projected image of the uniform away from Steve’s body so he could get a closer look at everything he’d put together up until this point. Some measurements from Steve had been necessary, but there were a lot less distractions without the human form involved.
“Romania. With Maximoff. They think they are flying under the radar, but-” Steve glanced over to Tony’s growing expression of annoyance. “Perhaps it isn’t as obvious to everyone else.”
“Stark?” The buzzing in his ear was no longer there, but coming from the Iron Man-sized hole in front of him. Steve’s body looking like a dark shadow in the impromptu doorway. “Tony,” he said more urgently. Rushing to approach him. With the cracks in his face slits, Tony couldn’t see Steve’s facial expression clearly from that distance, but he could imagine it. He could read the undercurrents in his voice and was surprised at how the emotion tried to pull him under too.
“I’m sorry.” There weren’t any better words. Tony had known all of that of course, but hearing it from Steve was different. He didn’t look or sound emotionally affected, but Tony knew that those kind of feelings never went away. It just wormed its way deeper while you improved the mask you put with the pain.
They didn’t need to be silent, but Tony didn’t turn to look and Steve didn’t say anything until he was close. He picked up the glass of white wine that Tony had put just out of his reach, leaning his hip against the side of the piano with a raised brow. “This doesn’t seem like your usual fair.”
“Okay Cap.”
“When did I say that?”
Tony shrugged like he didn’t care at all. That it didn’t matter that Steve was the first person who had known his father and hadn’t outlined all of their similarities and then the ways Tony was lacking. “You never talk about yours either. I mean never as in never. Not even in the passive aggressive way I bring up mine.”
There was actually a lapse where neither Tony nor Rhodey said anything. Friends that knew each other for this long could communicate without a word. Tony hoped it would end there. That a look would be enough and that Rhodey wouldn’t actually put into speech what he was seeing.
Tony couldn’t fully interpret the look he was at the receiving end of. It was obviously another rejection in this line of question. “I could- Is it because you don’t-” It’d been over a year since the discovery that Bucky Barnes was alive and Tony knew he could help. Do more in a way that wouldn’t hurt anyone. “The things I can do with recognition software you wouldn’t believe. Let me help you.”
“I’m sure I could get Rhodes to assist.”
“Stop.” Tony called out, the word echoing. Steve was more than halfway across the room. Tony’s sunglasses were just out of his reach. Just a slide of a hand and he’d be able to call a suit if needed. If Steve came any closer he could gain enough speed to crush Tony’s hand before he could do a thing. Uninstalling FRIDAY from the these floors of the tower had been undoubtedly premature. Not wearing a watch had been stupid. His phone was tucked in a jacket that had been cast aside onto a railing in the room. Too far to factor into any potential plans.
Steve obliged him with a snort in return. “And here I thought I was about to see the man behind the mask.”
“So that’s what you are here for, a fight? Going to make me get up from the ground and everything aren’t you? Put on the suit he tells me.” Tony mocked with a half grin on his face.
Steve took a deep breath while looking away before taking a couple long strides into Tony’s personal space. Surprised, Tony backpedaled into the bench. “That’s part of why I’m here. I’d like to start over Tony.”
“Can you take this seriously?”
“Oh, shut up,” he muttered, running his hands in his hair.
Tony walked back over to him, finding strength in this distraction. “Steve.” Tony placed his hand on Steve’s shoulder, ignoring the way the muscles moved underneath his palm. “From one Avenger to another, we have got to save the world from seeing you like this. Let me take you shopping for twenty-first century clothing.”
“It’s been days since we met. I need a decision.”
“This is idiotic,” Tony muttered to himself. Turning away from the controls to produce what could look like a watch or a bracelet. “Hold out your arm Rogers.”
Tony could do nothing but wrap his legs around Steve’s waist, feel the full impact of the cold glass against his back. The coolness drawing nothing from the intense heat of Steve’s body against him. He was practically fully clothed and how unfair was that? The pace Steve set had completely changed. His fingers were digging into Tony’s hip dragging him up his length before letting gravity take over. Letting Tony fall on Steve’s cock over and over again.
“Appreciate it. I know.” Tony took a step back and eyed Steve’s form to see where needed his attention next. Steve had been locked into a parade rest for the past ten minutes. Tony felt his gaze being repeatedly drawn to the lines of Steve’s throat and shoulders rather than the ones of the uniform he was redesigning.
Tony rose to see Steve, taking on the two Asgardians. With them, both having longer-ranged weapons and Steve relying on hand-to-hand it was a lot of Steve jumping back in evasive maneuvers before quickly darting in to get a few licks in. Tony could help finish it for him easy, but the greater concern was the remaining civilians attacking each other. Going over the Enchantress command’s she hadn’t asked them to kill themselves but to die. Methods not specified. They were ordinary human beings of varying age ranges, all men. They weren’t going about it the most effectual way, but given enough time Tony was sure there’d be fatalities.
Steve’s thumbed stilled.
“You have serious problems Rogers,” Tony barked, because that was seriously unnecessary. Couldn’t say more when Steve had his hand wrapped around him. Already setting a pace that would have chaffed if not for the fact that Tony was leaking an embarrassing amount of precome.
Tony hoped, but knew better than to actually believe that was a possibility.
He hadn’t heard a word from Steve since they parted ways months ago after the Chitauri incident. He’d only finished renovating Avengers Tower a couple weeks ago. The rest of New York City was still in the stages of recovery. Tony was doing his best to speed that up so that its residents could get back to their lives. Perhaps looking at an unbroken environment would eradicate some of the new fears they now lived with every day.
“Did what I asked? What did I ask?”
“Are you coming?”
Steve stopped. Sighed. Ran his hand roughly through his hair.
“No, thanks FRIDAY.” Tony didn’t need deep breathing exercises. Resolve to settle in and giving way to a certain pre-battle calmness. There was always the slight possibility that these people didn’t mean harm and were causing it indirectly… But it didn’t feel that way. “Weaponry is over there. If you need anything else. Pick your, poison.”
“Thank you. I’m headed to Washington in a few weeks, but if I could stay here in the meantime that would be great.”
Knew the answer and hated himself for it.
“Vision is in Romania, I highly doubt he’ll make it in time to meet you anywhere.”
“I’m not asking that. I’m not going to ask you that Tony. You put in the work, you deserve a break.” Tony shifted, leaning further away rather than closer as his brain was telling him to do. Break, implied temporary. To be fair, he’d been assuming Clint’s retirement was just a break. It wasn’t the type of fight you could easily walk away from indefinitely. Not for family, when not being there meant that family was at risk.
“Can they clear the area before it reaches critical mass?” Tony could hear his blood rushing as his pulse picked up with the implications of what could happen, what would happen if he didn’t get there to stop it.
“It was sex. Meant nothing, means nothing. Don’t worry, you don’t have to marry me over it.”
Tony held his breath. It felt more intimate than sex, Steve’s hand on his armor. Steve looking into the slits of a metallic mask and seeing him in all of his entirety. Tony wondered what images where playing through Steve's mind. Tony wondered if he realized that this was proof that it didn’t matter if Steve broke him. Again and again and again. It didn’t matter because he could build himself back to this every time. No matter how many times, until his last breath he could build a better, stronger armor.
Steve didn’t like Tony’s word choice. Easier to tell now that he’d been basked in the beams of other buildings. There are green in those eyes. Somewhere, despite their blue brightness. He was being careful not to spook. Holding his hands out like they weren’t weapons.
“How long do we got?”
“Just my first name!” Peter shouted over his shoulder whilst sprinting across the lawn, less out of excitement and more to get away from the thrumming vein in Tony’s forehead.
“My suit is designed to fly. There is a reason my feet aren’t on the ground,” Tony said automatically, really paying more attention to the work involved in creating Steve’s uniform over their back and forth exchanges.
“I know this selectively escapes your notice, but before I became Iron Man I was a businessman. I still am. The tower is a much more convenient location for me to meet with… People.”
He nods at her and it feels like a question. She nods back and it’s the worst answer Tony can imagine.
“Of course not.” Her voice is just as even as it always is, but Steve doesn’t trust the veneer of calm after the way she attacked Tony earlier.
Tony’s hand, just below the black silk cummerbund around his waist, is grinding against the tent in Tony’s dress slacks. Steve can’t help but eye the line of Tony’s thigh, the close fit of the wool against his skin, the way the satin side stripe curves where Tony’s leg bends.
“Okay. I’m glad to hear it.” Steve smiles at Tony, wanting to show how grateful he is, and Tony blinks a couple of times. Even his blinks are gorgeous, long lashes dabbing his cheeks. Steve is glad for the dim lighting - Tony would probably call it
Tony feels the tears falling down his face before he registers that he’s crying. He’s not sure the cause: the knowledge that the real Steve, that
Steve nods.
“And I mean, I’m just a kid, really, especially, you know, with this stuff - I’m just turned 24, at least if my math is right, and - I mean, I haven’t even gone to university like you. You’re - you’re just. You’re real swell, Tony, and I’m nothing, not without the shield, and I don’t want to be Captain America when I’m with you, you know? I don’t - I want you to like me, not - not him.
“That’s the thing though, isn’t it. That’s what Tony was always so afraid of too.”
“Whatever happens.
Steve, might think of him in that way; that Sharon is, in some way, forgiving him; or that maybe Tony doesn’t need to be forgiven in the first place.
No. It is torture, even if it doesn’t mean it to be. Even if it thinks Tony and Sharon love it. Even if it thinks they’re a happy family.
Steve looks at him. The other gift, the will, it wasn’t a gift for him, really, not a mercy or a charity either. It was for Tony. It was so Tony could feel safe.
And none of them stuck.
“Yeah, fine. Just… I’m fine,” Steve says.
“I will leave you two to your devices, but I must keep Ms. Devoux for a while longer. There are things I need to do still, while I have time.”
“I don’t know.”
about it, but as long as you don’t bother Tony, I’ll survive.”
It’s not just a delusion of martyrdom, an inkling of “I don’t deserve this.” Steve thinks it would be easier if it was, if he didn’t think he could deserve kindness.
He thinks about Mr. Stark too damn much, is what he’s decided.
“Steve. My - uh, my name is Steve,” he hears himself gush. He immediately regrets it, both because he sounds stupid and because they’re not supposed to reveal their identities as part of the Avengers charter. If Mr. Stark - if Tony - isn’t actually on the team, though, then maybe it’s okay.
It doesn’t help that he gets nervous around Mr. Stark. He’s normally very aware and in control of his body, but when Mr. Stark is around, Steve becomes harshly aware of every minute movement of his own body, desperate not to make a fool of himself by revealing his feelings. All of his grace leaves him - he’s never knocked over nearly so many things, or hit his shins nearly so much, since he was hit with the VitaRays.
Steve’s hand is the right size. It feels right; how many times has Tony sat in this position and Steve stood in that one? How many times has Steve looked down at him with concern and scolded him for getting himself hurt? How many times has Tony dreamed that Steve’s concern would mean something more than just as a teammate, than just as a friend? How many times has Tony dreamed of this happening?
She nods. “You can.”
Tony is kissing him, touching his face and his shoulders and his back and his ass and his legs. He feels like his whole body is tingling with warmth, like Tony’s hands are unlocking some hidden tension in his muscles.
Iron Man keeps his promise. He - Mr. Stark that is to say - has a massive collection of films in the mansion, and they slowly work through the decades between Steve’s past and present. Iron Man is just as observant as Bucky and Toro were.
“Because that’s just what he’d say,” Steve says, word by word, waiting for his thoughts to catch up to his body. “He’d say that I’m life and he’s death and that’s why he doesn’t deserve me.”
It’s strange how the gesture doesn’t make him fall apart like a hug would. The Hydra Supreme had made them hug and kiss. He had watched them until they were casually intimate, until holding a hand to Sharon’s cheek was a habit etched in Tony’s body.
Steve is already turning Tony over, picking him up by his hips, which thrust uselessly against his grip, and gently placing him belly-down on the couch.
. Steve thinks maybe he would be more comfortable in a diner, where he can see Tony’s face better, but that doesn’t stop him from enjoying the food.
“Wow. So you squirrel away food?”
This isn’t so coordinated, though. This pain feels raw. Tony doesn’t have quite the words to describe it, but he’s known quite a lot of pain in the years he’s been Iron Man. This pain feels like a whole body acid exfoliation. It’s as if every cell in his body has had the phospholipid layer stripped away, and now sits vibrating in place, organelles exposed. He feels like every scratch of blanket against skin when he shifts is scraping exposed muscle underneath. Every breath into aching lungs tastes like coppery blood.
He can feel the weight of her presence on his mind, blanketing his thoughts, compelling him to speak true. It’s a heady, frightening feeling, especially with Tony in his arms and so much unspoken between them.
Steve feels the weight of Tony’s arm on his shoulder, and wonders if that’s really true. If that were true, why didn’t Tony look at him with desire?
He turns to look at Sharon, and she’s staring at him. The look in her eyes isn’t fear, but it’s something close. The kind of low-level anxiety that can only exist from holding your fear just out of sight. The kind of look Tony remembers seeing from Ho Yinsen, however many years ago.
“No. Come on, Cap, you know me. I’m not gonna be uncomfortable because you’re drawing him, I just want to know what’s up. You can trust me.” Iron Man’s voice is gentle, almost kind, and Steve sighs and leans back into the chair.
feeling like I don’t have a say in my life. But I might hate seeing you look sad even more than that.”
“Soup?” Tony quirks an eyebrow - god he looks so handsome when he does that, his brows so elegantly framing his face - and he looks genuinely interested.
“Yeah, big boy. Does that feel good? Am I making you feel good?” He can’t look down but he knows Tony must be grinning.
“Hey, are you free tomorrow?” Iron Man asks. “Mr. Stark mentioned something about lunch.”
Steve’s face must be on fire, the way the heat rises in his cheeks.
Steve asks Jan several times if Mr. Stark is a model. He’s sure the man must be. Jan explained the concept to him when she told him about what she did outside the Avengers, and he’s convinced Mr. Stark could make anything he wears look like it’s a million bucks.
Soldiers propositioning him was exciting, in its own way. He knew they were interested in his body, not anything else about him, but for someone with little experience and plenty of desire, he would take what he could get.
Steve’s not sure if he wants the answer to be yes or no. He doesn’t want to frighten Tony, or push him into anything too quickly, but the thought of Tony seeing it, of enjoying it, sends heat all through his body.
He turns to Iron Man, and he sees something like recognition in his eyes, through the sockets.
She nods wordlessly.
Steve’s face brightens - “He did?” - before he forces it back to a neutral expression. “Right, uh, probably wants more updates on how I’m doing. Sure, tell him I’m free all day.” His only plans tomorrow were to lay around drawing Tony anyway.
“Iron Man - shellhead. That would mean the world to me, but I want to be able to explain this to Tony. I don’t want to - I - I’m not sure what I want. But I know I want Tony to know that I care about him, that he matters to me, and I don’t know how to do that besides with my own hands.”
“I just - I don’t want to presume,” Steve stammers out. “You’re a busy fella, and I’m - I mean, I wouldn’t blame you, I guess is what I’m saying. If you didn’t.”
“Uh, that’s - uh, thanks,” Tony stammers. “You too. Great.”
“You got eyes for Cary Grant?” He says to Steve, laughing. His robotic laugh is so strange, but Steve likes to hear it.
She folds her wrinkled hands together, hands Tony has seen in places and contexts he never would have wanted to, and Tony can’t help that his eyes are drawn to them. Such a subtle shift now would have been an earthquake in the facility. A desperate cry for attention.
Mr. Stark would want someone intelligent, able to push him and challenge him. Mr. Stark would want someone subtle and deft, able to keep up with his formidable wit. Mr. Stark would want someone coy and alluring.
Tony laughed and laughed, let the tension in his body roll out of him from his belly to his mouth, his free hand clasped over his chest. Steve couldn’t help laughing with him.
Steve’s fingers, drawing slow circles on Tony’s hands, feel a flutter of a pulse before his thoughts, like ice floes, drift onto the knowledge that Tony is alive in his arms.
Tony feels so very small, alone on a couch much too big for one person to sit, when he says, “thank you.” He doesn’t mean to, but it comes out sounding reverent. Like a prayer.
