"Let’s talk about it once we’re all dry.  We need to get you cleaned up, now, buddy.  Come with me."
Ma she didn't need to worry about you,” he said, smirking as an eyebrow quirked.  “Look at you.  You’ve found yourself your own little family.”
“In theory, acting out a toilet training scenario is rather ideal for Sherlock,” Mycroft explained.
“Are you sure?” he asked.  Mycroft could already sense a sweetness to the man, an innocence he usually guarded against.
“Bath,” he whined.
“Dimitri’s all alone,” he mumbled, voice quiet but on the edge of breaking.  “He h-hates me because I left him all alone at Baker street.”
“Good boy,” Greg said, catching the shifting of the kid’s hips that may signal why that was the case.  “Do you still need the loo?” he asked, and Bunny was nodding before he’d even finished the question.
He was pliable as John helped him out of the tub, dressed him in pajamas, and brushed his wet hair away from his face.
It was a slight point of contention between Greg and Mycroft, the way Greg could get Sherlock to cooperate in ways Mycroft could not.  The boy was often a more well-behaved child when in the care of Greg, less combative and argumentative than when he was with his brother.  Greg assumed the juxtaposition had to do with the fact that Greg didn’t have the same level of history with Sherlock as Mycroft did.  Even as Sherlock’s caretaker, Mycroft had to combat years of competition and power struggles.  Greg, on the other hand, could simply be an authority figure, something Sherlock desperately needed.
“I’m sorry for not noticing, kiddo,” he said, setting Sherlock back onto the sink counter so that he could give Bunny his full attention.  He was grateful the baby was easily distracted by the plastic frog bath toy he handed him, the one closest at hand.  He placed both hands on Bunny’s shoulders and pulled the kid in for a hug.  “Thank you for telling me.”
“You haven’t damaged anything,” John said.  “No one’s perfect, Mycroft, not even you.”
“I'm tired, Uncle Greg,” Sherlock lied.  He didn't want to talk anymore.  He wanted to be alone, feeling his mind shifting up in age.  He didn't want to cry again in front of Uncle Greg while he was aging up; he just wanted to be left alone.
“You’re doing well,” Mycroft said, encouraging the boy, rubbing a hand up and down his back.  “Thank you for being honest.”
Mycroft could not help but smirk.  Greg had done the reading on ageplay that Mycroft had given to him, and it was always endearing when the man used technicality from the literature.  In regards to ageplay, Mycroft had always known he was fully caretaker and Sherlock was fully little.  But it might just be that John felt pulled in both directions, that he may enjoy switching between the two roles, even that he was currently serving in a role that was not his preferred.
“Then he shouldn’t be our Uncle,” Sherlock said.
He rubbed at his tearful eyes and then bent down in an attempt to reach towards the pacifier in the footwell.  He wanted the comfort.  But Daddy reached into the back seat  to pick up the pacifier before Bunny’s fingers could close around it.
He was exceedingly grateful that Mycroft seemed to sense Sherlock’s wavering confidence.  He gave their father polite applause after a rather long piano piece, effectively putting an end to the impromptu concert.
Sherlock raised his head to see Bunny bounding into the kitchen practically skipping.  Mycroft, after drying his hands on a dishcloth, cupped Bunny’s cheek and smiled at him.
"All done," Mycroft said after a time.
Daddy breathed in and out to show Bunny how to do it, too, counting to four as he took a breath in, then continuing to eight as he breathed out. His arms were strong and supportive around his back, and Bunny felt the first hints of safety as the nightmare’s images began to recede.
“The night Greg babysat,” John said.  He could provide facts and timelines easily, felt comfortable living among practicalities, and he spoke freely.  “After the serial killer in Scotland.  I was, perhaps, younger than usual?  Definitely more needy.  And I felt uncomfortable with Greg and starting crying for Mycroft and it just sort of happened.  I should have told you.”
Bunny looked distraught at the prospect of parting with his friends, but Greg was firm, knowing that he needed to mean business were the kid to feel the full effect of the punishment, and Bunny passed them over.
“That’s right,” Mycroft said.  “Everyone has voices like that.  And if we listen to the voices and act the way they tell us to, we usually end up feeling sad and frustrated.  Eventually we stop feeling like ourselves altogether.”
Mycroft passed over the plastic dinosaur cup and sent Sherlock off to the living room once more.  His brother was nothing if not a contrary handful, but Mycroft knew denying the boy the right to potty train would simply cast him immediately into the grips of the self-doubt already plaguing his mind.  Mycroft may have known that Sherlock needed a break from toilet training, but Sherlock didn't know it yet, so Mycroft had to show he believed in him, even if he had his doubts.  He would need to keep a close eye on him, would need to ensure the boy came through the day with as little turmoil as was in Mycroft's power.
“--John.  I’m John.”
“Sherlock, you know better than to call your brother a baby,” Mycroft warned.  “You’re in time out.  Go stand in the corner.”
John, after only a moment’s hesitation, nodded.
Five big bites, it turned out, but Bunny ate seven, wanting to make her Daddy and Papa happy and knowing with a bit of giddy satisfaction that Sherlock would match her in bites, eager to keep up with his cheeky little sister.
“Feel yucky, Papa,” Bunny said as he raised his arms for Mycroft to dress him in his Little Mermaid nightshirt.  He was glad his Daddy had chosen something short-sleeved and thin; he was still feeling sticky with warmth.
Bunny had begun to use the backs of his hands to wipe at his own wet eyes, squirming away from the wash cloth, and he nodded.
There was a shift in Sherlock’s body language, and Mycroft could not help but feel a pang of remorse that he was abandoning his brother and his not-so-skillfully masked pain.  But it was the best way to ensure Sherlock accepted the story as-is, and his best chance at keeping him distracted, at keeping him from delving further into memory.
In any case, John had convinced himself he didn’t need to sink down.  Age play was something he did primarily for Sherlock, something he had begun only out of necessity to help his best friend de-stress.   Yes, he had found himself enjoying the time spent while in a younger headspace; age play was one of the only times he felt free from responsibility and painful memories.  But, despite what Mycroft said otherwise about John deserving his own space and parameters to be young, John had never considered the possibility of sinking down without Sherlock doing the same.  Age play was for Sherlock; John simply tagged along to help in his own way.
Sherlock swore under his breath.  John deserved to be fully supported, to have someone to turn to when he needed to talk.  Sherlock had misread the situation and been too slow to rectify his mistake, and now John likely regretted ever having brought up his concern in the first place.
Feigning sleep would have to be the trend of the night; he hadn’t brought pull-ups and knew he was too close to headspace to keep his bed dry.  John had suggested he bring them, told him there was no shame in it and that he was bringing some along for his own trip, that he’d better be safe than sorry.  But Sherlock had been too intent on denying his shifting headspace to take heed, and had ended up shouting at John to leave him alone, something he now felt rather stupid and remorseful about.  John had only been trying to help, had seen last night what Sherlock had, at that point, still been refusing to acknowledge.
But he suddenly had a better idea.  Daddy would have to pay attention to him if he had an accident and wet his underpants on the floor.  Whenever Bunny came to him or Papa with wet pants, Daddy cuddled and helped Bunny clean up.  He made him feel special, like everything was going to be alright.  He decided he would pee right where he was.
Mycroft, Sherlock knew, had been waiting outside the bedroom door all morning.  Sherlock held his middle finger up towards the bedroom door, gaining a small semblance of comfort from the action of flipping his big brother off, even though it was out of Mycroft's sight.
“Tired, Mycroft” he said, snuggling close and placing his thumb into his mouth.  “Can we go see Bunny and Papa?”
“Dunno,” he said, shrugging and tucking his head down against his chest.
"Please work," he mumbled.  "Untie."
Sherlock sat in Uncle Greg’s lap and cried.  He cried because he was scared of what it meant that Bunny was sleeping next to Mycroft, and because he hadn't realized that things were changing, and because he wanted things to be like they used to be, when Mycroft was all his.  Greg cooed and hummed, and the vibrations of his chest as he made soothing noises were comforting against Sherlock’s ear and cheek, which were pressed up against him.
proud of you, big boy,” he said.
“Get some rest, kiddo,” Sherlock heard Papa say in Bunny’s room after a few minutes had passed.
“Sorry, daddy,” Bunny said when Mycroft turned back to face him, voice small around the thumb in his mouth.
Mycroft smiled, possibly a bit impressed at the way in which John, albeit shocked and confused, was taking in the information.
The entire spanking was humiliating, and painful, and a reminder of his bad choices and his naughtiness.  And it was exactly what Sherlock needed.  The entire time he had been waiting in the closet, he had been desperate to be put in his place and desperate to atone for his mistakes.
“Okay,” Sherlock said.  “Can I… can I suck my thumb?”
“Just one second, baby,” Mycroft said, attempting to comfort the boy yet knowing if he took the boy back into his embrace he’d never get him changed.
Sherlock, after a moment of what seemed to be still shock, gave in with a sigh and began rutting against the pressure.  John felt his own arousal building, heart beating in his throat and suddenly very conscious of the still-dry padding between his own legs.  He yanked at the waist of Sherlock’s pajama pants to get his hand inside.  There was an intimacy to having his hand directly on his boyfriend’s sodden pull-up, one which Sherlock clearly enjoyed.
“Exactly,” John said.
“Sorry,” Bunny mumbled because he knew it was what Daddy expected.  But there was no contrition in his voice, and his eyes were distant as he stared at the lino.  “Won’t do it again.”
John must have hesitated for too long, because the next thing he knew he could feel Sherlock’s fingertips on the bare skin of his stomach, and he was squirming away.
John also found a pair of superhero undies that he placed on the pile of clothing.  If he put the undies on over the pull up and then his dressing gown on over his pajama pants, maybe Uncle Greg wouldn’t even be able to tell he was wearing a pull-up beneath his big boy underwear.
“You don’t want me to be a princess,” he mumbled, wiping away tears as he continued to cry.  He hugged his new plush rabbit, tucked beneath his chin.
John nodded.  He knew Sherlock needed a long expanse of time in headspace; he had been particularly on-edge and stressed lately, and if the pull-ups would keep him young longer while reducing the risk of Mrs. Hudson asking questions about their increase in laundry, he was all for it.  It would just be a question of introducing the topic to Sherlock.
“Enemy flag sighted!” Sherlock yelled, and began shouting orders in accordance with his plan of attack.
It's very important that I give WARNINGS for intentional wetting which leads to sexual arousal/groping/fondling in this chapter between Sherlock and John.  They are fully adult during the entire situation, but if you'd rather not read anything sexual between them, feel free to hang tight until they slip back into headspace in the next chapter or two.
“Well, kiddo, what do you think?” Papa asked as he came back towards the table.  “Want to help me put your chart up on the fridge?”
It was when he moved onto the fridge with disinfecting wipes that he remembered the comment Sherlock had made earlier that morning about no longer wanting to potty train.  The charts for both boys were still magnetized to the stainless steel, John’s above Sherlock’s.  Mycroft slid the magnets from the corners of Sherlock’s chart.
“So let’s discuss now,” Mycroft said.
He’d been keeping himself from full disciplinarian-mode out of fear Sherlock would break down, but now that they were alone he couldn’t resist an expression of his frustration over his brother’s actions.  He placed a hand on the back of Sherlock’s headrest and twisted his body to look behind them as he began to back out of the driveway.
“I’m bigger than you are!” He yelled across to John.
Sherlock was contemplating, and John kicked himself for revving Sherlock’s mind up once more.  Then again, he knew Sherlock needed to process as much as John did himself.  And even if Sherlock’s way of processing was far different than John’s--John, after initially thinking through the various angles of a problem, needed time to discuss and negotiate with others while Sherlock, more than anything, needed time to discuss and negotiate with himself--John needed to give Sherlock all the pieces of information necessary for the other man to analyze and scrutinize by way of evaluating.
Hopefully, if Mycroft was willing to listen, John would be willing to explain as truthfully and as honesty as possible.  He was relieved when John nodded.
“Need you, Daddy,” he sniffled between sobs, breath hitching on his cries.
Sherlock huffed and threw the blankets off of himself, taking the opportunity to kick Mycroft once more while disguising the action as a desire to kick away the errant sheets.  He had stripped himself earlier of his pajama top, and so lay bare-chested before his older brother.
, Mycroft responded.
Bunny beamed, as always pleased and pliable under well-earned praise.
Mycroft did not hear a response, and nothing seemed out of place in the room.  He was about to turn and resume his search upstairs when he heard the slightest hitch of breath, and then a sniffle.
“The poor thing was exhausted,” she said, setting the Egg Nog on the table beside the plastic cups.  “It’s been a long day.  He wasn’t going to last much longer.”
Sherlock only grunted and held out an open palm towards the world map puzzle, which was complete except for one piece near the upper left corner.
John sipped at his pint.  Sherlock was prattling on about the way in which the fermentation processes used in the process of making American beers differed from that of European.
“Sorry I pushed you, Lock,” Bunny said, voice small.
Mycroft took a breath.  It was more than clear both Sherlock and John were in need of a bit of coddling.  But there was little Mycroft could do until they acknowledged that for themselves.  If he tried to force them into headspace they very well may fight even harder than they were currently, and Mycroft and Greg had always said they would respect when and if the men wanted to be young.  While he was in caretaker mode, Mycroft had a responsibility to act in the best interests of the boy’s health and safety.  But when the boys were adult, they had to be given the space and independence to deal with their issues on their own;  all Mycroft could do was show them that he was there for them whenever they did decide to give in to their needs.
“No I don’t,” Sherlock said.  He prodded at a clump of mud he had clenched in his fist, searching through for any interesting observations to be made about the soil composition.
“Not a problem,” Greg said, “Nearly finished.”
Something had shifted out of place.
“Exactly, love.  We need to make sure we prepare him in the right way for the big announcement, and Daddy needs some time to do that.  Do you understand?”
They half expected an aged-up John to appear for one of his late-night chats with Mycroft to process the emotional weight of the day or a whiny little Sherlock complaining that he was bored of sleeping, but as the hours passed it became clear they would be kid-free for the evening.  And while they knew conversations with both Sherlock and John out of headspace would be necessary, that plans needed to be made to address the events of the day, they were happy to give their boys a night to sleep off the stress.  The kids deserved their rest, and Mycroft and Greg were all too happy to take comfort in the steady familiarity of each other.
Bunny really didn't want to play pirates anymore.  But if Sherlock wouldn’t let them play a different game, maybe Bunny could find a way to make this one more fun, and at least Sherlock was letting him wear one of the pretty dresses.  Sherlock usually teased him for his affection for Disney princesses and his desire to color with pinks and purples in butterfly coloring books, but there was no hint of animosity or malice in Sherlock’s gaze now.
Bunny leaned to bury his face against Mycroft’s as Greg was leading a teary-eyed Sherlock back into the living room, the little detective now suckling on a new pacifier sporting a penguin.
“I only wish you’d warned me so I could have gotten an extra gift,” she said, finding serving utensils in a drawer.  “The poor thing had to sit there and watch while the other kids opened their new toys.”
Sherlock had never been in a romantic relationship with another human being, let alone with another man.  John had come around and changed that before Sherlock had even known he was capable of that type of love.  If he were honest with himself, he hadn’t been ready for a relationship.  He wouldn’t ever have been ready had the person on the other side of the bed not been Doctor John Watson.
Sending you all love!
Sherlock gave a slight nod but otherwise remained passive, almost unresponsive.  Mycroft would need to talk to his brother soon, check in on his emotional state now that he was in the beginning stages of a letdown after a case.  He wouldn’t be surprised if Sherlock were on the brink of slipping down in age as well.  But for now he was occupied, and Mycroft had a tearful Bunny to care for.
“How are my two favorite kiddos?” Papa asked a few minutes later as he came down the steps with a handful of dirty laundry.  He walked past them to toss the laundry into the laundry hamper which sat next to the washing machine in the downstairs loo, then turned the corner back into the kitchen to wash his hands.  “Leaving any dino nuggets for Papa?”
“This is not sexual for Sherlock,” Mycroft said, which answered the question in the affirmative of whether Mycroft knew about their relationship.  “But I do understand it brings a new layer to your coupling which you may not be prepared to explore at this time.  I’ll explain things to him if you feel you’re not able to participate.  I can make him understand.”
He wrapped his arms around the boy and pulled him close, heart full.  His big brother was right: they had found their own little family, unconventional but pure.  It was a comfort to know it was only a matter of hours before Greg would have them all in his sights again, Christmas biscuits baking and fireplace roaring as he watched Sherlock categorize the proportionality of gifts wrapped in red paper versus green and helped Bunny into his new reindeer jumper before shushing the half-serious complaints of spoiling from Mycroft, who would be sitting with his shirt-sleeves rolled past his elbows and bourbon glass in hand, teasingly close to the mistletoe.
“Okay.  I'll be a good boy,” he mumbled, rubbing his eyes.
Bunny shook his head.
When he glanced up, Mycroft was smiling down at him.
“And he kept a pet…”
“Sit down for snack,” Mycroft said, “and then maybe the strongest man in the world with a bad back will help us build a blanket fort or two.  How does that sound?”
"Don't," Sherlock whined when Mycroft eased his knees from where they were pressed against his chest in order to get the strap in place.
John hesitated.  He was tired of making decisions, and wished he could make himself feel small again so that it wouldn’t be awkward and unimaginable to be taken into Mycroft and Greg’s bed.  But his mind was too wired, anxiety already overtaking the momentary distractions of the warm bath and the pull-up; he was always plagued by shame after his worst nightmares--and by feelings of inadequacy.  The doubts were simply waiting for their chance, and John was not sure he could bear anyone else being witness to his struggle.
“Certainly not,” Mycroft said.  He’d left his dinner untouched despite Greg’s insistence that he eat.  “I’ve monitored quite closely, particularly after extended periods of time when he’s been young, and thus the most vulnerable to the memories.”
“Sherlock, you call John ‘baby’ because it’s too hard to call him his grown-up name and stay little?"
“Sherlock?” he asked, and when Sherlock turned to him, his big brother was looking at him searchingly.
“Pissing myself,” John breathed, his cheeks now flushed with arousal.  “All the time.”
Greg could do nothing but lean to kiss the boy’s head again, clucking his tongue in an apology.  The boy was not in a state to accept rationalization, and Greg unfortunately did not have the time to indulge him.  He was more than grateful that Mycroft stepped in before the boy’s puppy dog eyes had him actually agreeing to take the baby with him, too.
Poor Bunny has a lot to deal with in this chapter as an older Sherlock (around 7 or 8 years old, with more reservations than the younger version of himself he's been in the past few chapters) is forced to come to terms with Bunny's new ability to express himself in "girly" ways.  The chapter hasn't been edited, so I apologize for any typos--I'll come back later after work and edit out any mistakes.
The guest room door had a lock, so Sherlock twisted it and breathed a bit easier knowing no one could walk in on him while he searched for a hiding place for the soiled clothes.  He picked up his wet socks and added them to the pile.  The closet was his first thought, but it was far too empty to have any good hiding places.  The room didn’t hold much more than the telly cabinet, bed, bureau, and closet, so he was left with few options.
“But it was selfish of me, Sherlock,” John said.
The Bunny stumbled from the force of the collision, then fell on his bum and back onto his elbows into the mud at the edge of the lake.  In the process of falling, he dropped the toad, who, glad to be free, hopped quickly back into the water and out of sight.
Bunny could sense that Sherlock was all the way on the other side of the kitchen in the living room, and that he was distracted by his toys, so he was not afraid to tell Papa all about the images he had in his mind: a new princess plate and sippy cup, glittery stickers shaped like stars and rainbows and hearts, another set of paper dolls to add to the ones Papa had bought him the day before, more pink pull-ups, and a nightshirt with a unicorn, if they could find one.
Sherlock shook his head and pulled the pacifier from his mouth.
He pulled on his coat and retrieved his umbrella from where it had been resting by the front door.
John was leaving for his sister’s later that day, and although Greg had told Mycroft to remain optimistic, he couldn’t help but let precedent dictate his feeling that the man was about to have his hopes for Harriet’s sobriety dashed.  He and Sherlock had invited John to Christmas at their parents’, and Greg had invited him to his own family’s celebrations, but John had insisted on accepting Harry’s invite, trusting his sister’s assurances that she had her life back on track, that she was looking forward to John meeting her new girlfriend.
Bunny could not help but be grateful for Mycroft’s foresight in encouraging Bunny by calling him ‘princess.’  He was reminding him of what he’d said earlier, that Bunny could express himself anyway he pleased, and that Daddy would be there to help.  He remembered that Daddy just wanted him to be happy.  He tucked his plush bunny beneath his arm and gathered the hem of the nightshirt until he was holding it bunched high around his middle.  He didn’t want to get it dirty.
“I’m weeing, Mycroft,” he whispered, glancing down to where he was grabbing at the front of his pull-up.  “I can’t hold it.”
Greg crossed to Mycroft once more, and this time the man sighed as he allowed himself to be pulled back against Greg’s chest, allowed Greg’s arms to tighten around him and Greg’s chin to rest on his shoulder as he came up behind him.
“Good boy,” Mycroft said, hoisting Sherlock into his arms as he stood.  “I’ve got you.  Let’s get you changed and ready for dinner, love.”
Sherlock pouted but did as he was told.  Mycroft pulled over the corner armchair and sat facing Sherlock but said nothing, simply raised his eyebrows to signal that he expected Sherlock to explain himself.
And here was Greg all over: more concerned about John than he was about potentially having to explain to his entire family why the man he had brought to Christmas Eve--
Sherlock nodded, pushing himself from the table he had been picking at with his fingernail and moving towards the hall closet.  By the time John joined him in the living room, he’d pushed his armchair back against the wall and was lying on his stomach in front of the fireplace, puzzle pieces strewn before him.
“Sorry, Papa,” Bunny sniffled, and Greg pulled the boy closer against him.
But his Daddy had gone past too quickly, and had landed on another cartoon, this one with dinosaurs, which had subsequently caught a now enraptured Sherlock’s attention.
Hi All--just a quick update to let you all know that I've re-worked this story into a series.  So, if you were subscribed to this particular story (which I've changed the title to) and want to keep receiving updates, subscribe to the series "Little Brothers Mine."
John moaned, pupils dilating at Sherlock's words.  He nodded, twisting his hips as he fought against the need in his bladder.  Sherlock loved to see John like this: needy and submissive and half-undone.
“I...this is a bit too much,” John admitted, but Mycroft had seen a hint of interest in the man’s eye when he mentioned pacifiers.  John yawned and rubbed at his eyes--he was slipping, despite the alcohol.  “Can we finish talking tomorrow?”
Important note:  There are some elements of sexual arousal (no sexual acts) in this chapter when it comes to John's wetting that may not be everyone's cup of tea.  Things get a bit tricky regarding omorashi in works that are otherwise considered non-sexual, which makes for some tricky tagging situations.  I've tried to be as upfront as possible in the tags but am interested to hear other's opinions about tagging stories of this kind.  To me, the fact that John's arousal is predominately related to desperation/omorashi (which are tagged) does not change the fact that this is a non-sexual ageplay story.  However, John is in a young headspace when he wets himself and feels some arousal, so the counter-argument would be that this should be classified as sexual ageplay.  Let me know if you think I should make a change to the tags or if they're okay the way they are.  I definitely don't want to unknowingly subject anyone to anything they do not want to read or that might trigger them, so I'll change the tags if that seems to be the consensus.
As Greg began explaining to Sherlock why Pirates of the Caribbean was too mature of a movie for Bunny and little Sherlock to watch, Mycroft turned to John.  He took John’s fork gently from the boy’s hand and picked up a piece of chicken with it.  John blinked up at him with a shy smile as Mycroft guided it towards John, and then opened his mouth to accept the small bite.
But he hoped to god that Mycroft would not stop.  The pain was settling him, grounding him, and pulling him away from the thoughts racing through his mind.  With each smack reddening his bare bottom, Sherlock felt a bit of his anger and sullenness slip away.  Mycroft was taking care of him.  Sherlock didn’t have to be alone.
Bunny gathered up his nightshirt where part of the hem had fallen out of his distracted grip.  Mycroft appeared rather unphased as he took his seat back on the bed, as if he had not just been asked to stick around while Bunny wet himself, for which Bunny was grateful.
“Promise?” Sherlock asked, hopeful.
It was Papa who took steps towards them, finding a small pile of spare coloring books where Mycroft had earlier left them on the edge of the kitchen counter and carrying them to the kitchen table.
“But do you think that’s all there is to it?” Mycroft asked, swallowing a mouthful of bourbon.
“I wanted to come to talk to you because I know it’s been a pretty tough day for you, buddy,” John began.  “I know what it’s like to have lots of confusing thoughts going through your mind when something new happens, and I know that sometimes we end up saying or doing things we don’t mean when we get frustrated with those thoughts.”
“I’ve had enough, Sherlock.  You’ve been a brat all day, and--”
Greg seemed taken aback.  “If you think that man is in this for some ulterior motive, Mycroft, I have to say I think that’s a bit far-fetched.  No one would put up with as much from Sherlock Holmes as that man does unless there was affection there.”
“It’s far past bedtime, little lady,” a voice called towards the staircase, authoritative and forewarning.
“--Or,” Greg continued with a sigh, out of alternatives and not wanting to cause his boy any further distress.  “If you feel like you can’t go into the loo, you can go in your pants, right here.”
“Well, at least open it, Sherlock,” his mother implored, crossing back to the kitchen to take the whistling kettle from the stove. “For tradition’s sake, if nothing else.”
Sherlock thought about confessing.  He thought about explaining that he’d made a mistake and had an accident upstairs and then lied about it to Papa who had only been trying to help, and he thought about explaining to Mycroft that he was wearing a pull-up because of how worried the potty training chart made him.  He thought about telling his brother he wanted to be held.  But he didn’t know where to begin; he felt tethered to the lies he'd already told.
Mycroft and Uncle Greg shared a look, but there was less animosity and frustration in Uncle Greg’s voice when he spoke next.
“Potty, Papa,” Bunny mumbled, eyebrows furrowed and voice worried.
John and Mycroft discuss what to do about Sherlock's nearly constant state of wet pants while the little detective naps in the other room.
John blushed, but smiled as he ducked his head.
“We’ll find a taxi,” he said.
John could feel the piss soaking into the sleeve of his sweater, and, not long after, soaking into the rear of his jeans as liquid poured beneath Sherlock onto the seat, no longer able to be contained by the fabric of his own trousers.  John realized for the first time that Sherlock had taken off his coat when he switched seats, that it was draped over the bench seat across from there.  In retrospect, if John hadn’t been quite so drunk, he may have realized what Sherlock was planning.
sorry, bud,” Mycroft said, cupping Sherlock’s face and seeing the littleness in his shame-face expression.  “It’s not my job to decide when you should be small or big.  I shouldn’t have made you feel bad for needing some little time, and I shouldn’t have made you feel like you couldn’t ask for the potty when you needed it.”
“None of us have to,” John smirked.  “And yet we always do.”
“We grew up pretty lucky, you know?” Greg asked as he allowed himself to be shepherded towards the staircase.  “It’s taken all of this for me to start realizing.”
“Just a little quiet time,” she said as she plumped the pillow on the bottom bunk, repeating the phrase with the same breed of nonchalant positivity Greg used when trying to get Bunny and Sherlock to take a midday nap.
“Let’s just pause the movie for a minute and go try to use the loo, okay, bud?” Greg asked.
John blinked up at Mycroft, concerned.  He’d always shared a room with Sherlock when he was little, because he’d always aged down only when he knew Sherlock would be young as well.  It felt different and scary to have to sleep alone, and he shook his head to tell Mycroft as much.
“Sherlock, control yourself,” he warned.
“You just went potty before you brushed your teeth, Bunny,” he said, hands on the lightswitch, as if ready to flip it off.
Sherlock and Greg, in the front seats, were discussing the logistics of the case, talking through details John had not even known were being considered within the parameters of the murders.  He allowed himself to lose focus for a moment, needing an escape from the details and a moment to quiet his mind.  He leaned back against the headrest and reached to give himself a quick squeeze between the legs, grateful they were on their way back to the precinct, where he could piss and potentially find something to eat from a vending machine before being at Sherlock’s beck and call once more.
In actuality, John was well on his way.  But he knew a bit of extra attention from Greg would help to solidify his headspace.  Greg turned to smile at him.
He ran his fingers along his Ariel nightshirt.  Papa and Daddy had said it was okay for Bunny to be their little princess, and Bunny knew that Papa meant it.  But Daddy had been hesitant, and wanting to actually be a little girl took things a bit farther.  Bunny felt scared.  If he told them, would they think he was wrong, or not believe him, or think he was just too much of a burden?
No matter how old he got, at home with his parents he felt young and constantly watched, nothing more than a larger version of the child he had been while growing up.
He cleared his throat, pointedly ignoring Greg’s concerned glance as he tried to ground himself to the crime scene.  It was important that he examine the details of the corpse to provide initial information.  He needed to be adult.
But the picture-perfect memories of Sherlock’s childhood under Mycroft’s watch, the memories Sherlock knew he was reliving each time he sunk down into headspace, had been tainted and altered by the events of the night.  Sherlock had often felt alone in his lifetime, so the feeling was not new, but, until that moment, he had always had Mycroft.  Even when they were arguing, in fights that lasted weeks or months, Sherlock knew his brother was there, just a phone call away.  He had Mycroft.
“You’re getting a punishment as soon as we’re home,” Greg said, grasping the bags in one hand and John’s upper arm in the other as he dragged the man out of the store and towards the car.  “Definitely time-out, Possibly worse.”
“He hit him?” Mycroft asked, incredulous.  He knew John had a tendency towards anger, but he'd never expected the kid to get violent at a crime scene.
Greg sighed and shook his head in amazement.  Here was yet another example  of his mother’s open-minded love.  She had been a support and a champion for him and his brothers their entire lives, with them through the ups and downs of all breeds of relationships with men and women alike, encouraging them to always be exactly themselves.  He should never have doubted she would be anything but accepting in this newest development of Greg’s personal life.
"He's scared, Mycroft," John said.  "I've just stitched up two incisions."
Bunny looked up at her Papa, and could see that he was right.  Bunny had to trust Daddy, because Daddy wouldn’t lie to her.
Mycroft sighed and let his head fall against the headboard.  Sherlock's pull-up had been dry when he’d carried him over to the window, which meant he’d peed since being placed back into bed.  It seemed the night was destined to be one of very little sleep for both himself and Greg.
“You’re a good man, Mycroft Holmes,” Greg said, a sentiment he had expressed before but one he knew Mycroft was often hesitant to accept or believe.
“You’re absolutely soaking,” John said, breathless.  His own jeans were warm and wet, and even his underwear had not escaped becoming saturated.  It was a strange feeling, reminiscent of the times he’d pissed himself but additionally arousing given the fact that it was Sherlock’s piss soaking into his clothes and that his own bladder was still heavy and full.  John had to press the hand not currently sandwiched between Sherlock’s thighs against his own crotch, as the stimulation, the routine of wet pants, threatened to encourage him to release his own full bladder.
Confession: I made up all of the lake facts that Sherlock spouts at the dinner table ;)
“I don’t want to wear pull-ups,” John said at last, and there was an edge to his voice.  John was no longer fully child.
“I think we can make that happen, sweetheart,” he said.  “How about this?  For the rest of our time at the lake house, Uncle Greg and I will keep you in pull-ups and you can use them or the potty whenever you’d like.  When we get back to London, we’ll get everything ready and start potty training.”
Thanks so much as always for your kudos and comments--they always make me smile and inspire me to keep writing!
“Was your brother teasing you?” he asked, and Bunny didn’t answer, because he knew his Daddy had already figured out that he was, that the only reason Bunny became sensitive about being called ‘baby’ was when Sherlock chose to use it as a form of cruel teasing.
Mycroft turned to Sherlock.
Mycroft sighed.  Of course John’s hesitancy came from a concern of imposing himself upon or inconveniencing others.  The truth of the matter was, Mycroft enjoyed caring for Sherlock in his little state, and he had no doubt he would enjoy caring for John just as much.  Returning to the little semblance of domesticity he found when caring for Sherlock allowed him an escape from the stress of work and alleviated the loneliness he would never admit to Sherlock he did often feel.  Adding John into the mix would simply add a new dynamic; Mycroft enjoyed new challenges, and if he were honest with himself, he wouldn’t mind the additional affection from a new little who looked up to him for his needs.
Bunny nodded, smiling up at Daddy.  It would be nice to have new clothes for the times Bunny was feeling like a girl--nightgowns and sparkly shirts and fuzzy socks and maybe even a dress--but the truth of the matter was that Bunny felt less concerned about clothing and outfits now that Daddy accepted Bunny was sometimes a girl.  There was no need to place such importance on nightgowns and pink pull-ups alone, anymore, because Bunny could be a boy or a girl, whenever Bunny wanted, no matter the clothing.   For the moment, she was perfectly content in her comfortable old lion pajamas.
“The pirates are capturing you!” Sherlock yelled suddenly, grabbing Bunny by the shoulders and shoving him backwards, off balance.
“He cut himself, Mycroft,” Greg said, meeting his eyes to convey the seriousness of the situation.  “I found him huddled on the floor with a piece of glass.”
Bunny peeked an eye out from behind his blanket as Sherlock stood from his bed and crossed his arms.
Sherlock knew he was working himself up into a right state.  He was having a hard time catching his breath, and he was getting precariously close to wailing.  He cried into his hands, not registering the words Mycroft was saying until he felt himself pulled into his big brother’s lap and could settle into the man’s arms when they wrapped tight around him.  He realized after a moment that Mycroft had stopped talking, that he was simply rocking him back and forth.  And that he was humming.
And with a small moan and his eyes squeezed shut, Sherlock began to pee in his pants.  He spread his legs and leaned back against the seat as urine began to pulse warm and wet into the pull-up, saturating the crotch and then spreading down against his already warmed bum.  The stream was strong and fast, and Sherlock could hear the pee exiting his body and streaming into the pull-up until the training diaper was thick and heavy.
“You don’t want to come to the store?” he asked, and Bunny shook his head.
“No,” he said, reaching for a dinosaur chicken nugget and dunking it in ketchup.  “Uncle Greg, can we get more pink pull-ups?” he asked, mouth full.
Mycroft did not care whether Sherlock approved of the color of pull-up in his hand.  He was not about to traipse down the creaky old steps of Baker Street and risk disturbing John after Greg had likely gone to such trouble to get the boy settled and comforted simply to get a boy’s pull-up in the downstairs bathroom cabinet.  Sherlock could survive one night of wearing one of John’s butterfly pull-ups.
“Can I ask you one more question before I tuck you back into bed because it’s far past your bedtime?”
“Ah, I see,” Mycroft said, pleased to see the boy a bit lighter in his mood as he stopped his tickling and brushed the hair back from Bunny's face.  “Well, Mr. ladybug, it’s way past your bedtime.  Let’s get you into the tub, okay?”
Sherlock blinked up when the bottle was pulled away from him, disconcerted and confused.  He turned his face towards Mycroft and whined, reaching towards the baby bottle and attempting to pull it back towards him.  Mycroft held it just out of his reach.  He was clearly waiting for Sherlock to apologize, but the boy seemed to be oblivious to anything but the last sips of watered down orange juice at the bottom of the bottle, and began to cry.  Bunny thought Sherlock may be even more of a baby now than he had been back at the lake house.
Greg scoffed, broke off another bit of biscuit which he popped into his mouth, then brushed the crumbs from his hands.
But Sherlock’s mind was as one-tracked as ever when he returned, and it seemed, now that he had reemerged, he was solely focused on completing the treasure map.
Sherlock opened his mouth to complain, but was caught in a yawn, and seemed to forget his objections as Mycroft stepped from the bed, pulled the comforter up beneath his little brother’s chin, and helped him settle down onto his pillow.
“Sherlock?”
“I think it’s best if we take a little break from potty training, buddy,” he said, opening the fridge to find the half-empty apple juice container.  “It’s all been a bit too much too soon, I think.”
Mycroft arrives to babysit his brother and finds a frazzled John just about at his wit's end with little Sherlock's misbehaving antics.
Greg reached over and placed a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
Although his adult self had come to terms with and was on the way to forgiving John for needing Mycroft to be his Daddy, Sherlock’s little self could not help but feel jealous of Bunny and frustrated with his constant presence at his heels, particularly after the babyish way he had behaved all morning.  Sherlock thought he and the Bunny had agreed to be partners in crime, joined together to annoy Mycroft.  Instead, his little brother had been quiet and quite young all day, mainly non-verbal as they traipsed around outside looking for frogs in the lake.  Sherlock was frustrated, not only because they had not found a single frog after looking for nearly half an hour, but also because he was beginning to wonder if the Bunny was intentionally trying to show all of the ways he was a less difficult little than Sherlock.
John turned to glare at Mycroft, cheeks pinking despite the angry hunching of his shoulders .
“Let’s go, kiddo,” Mycroft said, taking his hand.
He turned towards his bedroom, little of which had been changed since he had left for uni, but Mycroft stopped him.
“Something was bothering him,” Greg said.  “I should have done a better job of trying to communicate with him instead of letting the frustration get to me.  None of us has gotten enough sleep over the course of the last few days.”
“John’s generally around 4 or 5,” Greg explained, trying to simplify what was actually a rather complicated question.  “Sherlock’s age fluctuates.  He likes to think of himself as 7 or 8, but he can just as easily be 2 or 15.”
“He spent nearly the entire car ride kicking and yelling,” Greg concluded.  “By the time I pulled into the driveway he’d already unbuckled himself, and he climbed out of the car and ran into the house before I could even put the car in park, adding to his long list of broken rules for the day.”
“I don’t like him, Uncle Greg,” Sherlock said.
Greg had done the majority of the shopping, and had been making purchases in preparation for their little family Christmas since before Halloween.  But Mycroft was proud of the few gifts he’d picked out himself, and he knew Greg would set the radio to Christmas music and, wearing a Santa hat--Greg had managed to produce a second one only moments after Mycroft had agreed to wear the ridiculous thing himself--ho ho ho while he passed out the gifts, determined to make the entire ordeal just as special as the kids deserved it to be.
It was his older brother at the door, two sippy cups in hand.
“I don’t need to go,” he said, staring straight ahead at the road before them.
“Time out, now, Mycroft?” Sherlock asked, knowing one was long overdue, that Mycroft had not finished punishing.
Sherlock mumbled again, a rare show of uncertainty.
Have a great rest of your day, all--enjoy!
“Sherlock?” he asked, immediately awake and alert as he sat up and clicked on the bedside lamp.  “What’s wrong?”
He reached down to run a hand along the kid’s back.  He did not enjoy seeing the boy so clearly distraught.  It was clear there was a lot going on in that little bunny head, more than Mycroft could understand at the moment from appearances alone.
“What is it, buddy?”
As Papa stepped close behind Mycroft, Sherlock studied him for any clues as to whether or not he’d suspected that the stain on the carpet was not entirely attributed to juice.  There was a part of Sherlock that hoped he’d noticed, hoped that, after he chatted quietly with Mycroft--who did happen to glance up at Sherlock rather pointedly after something Papa said--he would tell everyone just how babyish and naughty Sherlock had been.  At least then the guilt and the worry would end.  But a larger part of Sherlock--the part that was still clinging to his pride--prayed he hadn't been found out, prayed he would never have to admit to what he'd done.
Sherlock slammed the guest bedroom door at the far end of the hall with a huff.  Tossing the granola bar and juice box to the floor, he dropped to his knees and yanked the gaming console out from where it was stored in the cabinet beneath the telly.
John shook his head.
Bunny nodded emphatically, glad to be understood.
“Ah, I see,” Mycroft said.  “Well, Let’s go see if we can find you a pink pull-up. Okay, buddy?”
By the time Daddy was leading him out of the bathroom, he found himself hesitant to go down to the breakfast table in his Little Mermaid nightshirt.
Sherlock was now fully young, and he felt a quiet contentment in the backseat of the car, clean and dry and dressed in his pirate shirt.  He had refused his alligator plush once the others were in the car, insisting he was a big boy with a cheeky smile that signaled to a relieved Mycroft that Sherlock had finally let himself release some stress, but Bunny was holding it for him along with Bunny’s lion.  "In case you need him," Bunny had said, taking the stuffed toy from Mycroft after Sherlock turned up his nose at it.  Sherlock was glad the gator toy was close; he was currently feeling as if it was fun and attention-seeking to profess his status as a big kid at every turn, but he also hadn't liked the idea of his alligator closed into the darkness of the trunk.
Sherlock’s eyebrows furrowed beneath the damp curls falling over his forehead.  He pulled at his bottom lip, and Mycroft wondered if the boy would accept a pacifier if he offered one.
He shimmied back out from under the bed and glanced around frantically to look for something he could use to cover the wet spot on the carpet, the edges of which were drying into a very telling yellowness that made Sherlock’s stomach sink.  There was no way Papa wouldn’t know what had happened.  But his eye caught on the earlier-abandoned juice box, and in a moment he’d opened the straw and pierced through the opening.
John shuddered to think what would have happened had Greg not been there to usher him away after his lashing out.  He had slipped down in headspace so quickly that it had all become a blur; if Greg hadn’t gotten him into the back seat, separated from the others, he would have had far more explaining to do.
It was his way of asking Mycroft to leave the bedroom.  He needed space to think, maybe even the space to sleep for an hour or so as an escape from the guilt pressing onto his chest.
Sherlock pressed the heels of his hands against his eyes to keep back the tears.  Mycroft could make it all better; he just needed to find him.
And Greg understood.  John rarely spoke about his father, but the murder victim had been late-thirties, stocky in the shoulders but not particularly tall in stature.  It didn’t take a Holmes brother to discern that John had been somehow defending his own experiences with his father when they'd come up against Anderson’s snide remarks.
Sherlock said nothing as Mycroft turned into the parking lot of a roadside restaurant and jerked the car to a stop in a far parking spot.  He cut the engine and, climbing out of the driver’s seat only to open the door of the back-seat a moment later, joined Sherlock.
Uncle Greg chuckled and jumped onto the end of the bed, his hands extended towards them.
From the basic outline and partially completed sections, the puzzle seemed to be a photograph of an Italian city.
John slipped his mobile back into Greg’s pocket.  His nose was running from the cold, but he stepped off the porch and began trudging down the front walk.  He wasn’t ready to return to the bustling crowd inside, and, now that he wasn't stranded on a cold metal bench, he was rather enjoying being outside in the snow.  Snowy weather was quiet; it always felt a bit like the world was washing itself clean.
“Yes,” Bunny said, as desperate as ever to escape his Daddy’s disappointment.
Warnings for mentions of self-harm (no depicted self-harm)--be sure to read cautiously if this is triggering for you.  Sending love!
That said, the prospect of continuing the Christmas celebrations into the night hadn’t exactly been on the top of Mycroft’s to-do list.  In the moments he wasn’t comforting or worrying about Sherlock, he’d spent the drive back to London preparing himself for the Christmas baking and cutesy-movie-watching and present opening Greg had planned.  The man meant well, but he’d already placed enough twinkling decorations around the flat that Mycroft had begun to feel as if he were drowning in excess.
“Not until after dinner,” Mycroft said, prompting a whine from Sherlock, who kicked out his feet in the beginnings of what had the potential to be a full-blown strop.
John sighed and nodded, grateful for Sherlock’s ability to read his mind.
Mycroft sighed.  It had been wrong of him to react to John with spite and passive aggression.  The man may have been adult, but he had been gauging Mycroft’s response to little behavior.  And Mycroft had failed at assuring John that he did not have to choose between Mycroft and Sherlock.
Sherlock hummed into John’s touch as the doctor rolled towards him, and smirked when the hand that was still down by his side brushed against the stiffness in John’s pajama pants.  Sherlock had woken half-hard himself, and he had to admit the prospect of acting on his building arousal not altogether unappealing.  He twisted his wrist and cupped his hand over John’s crotch.  John gave a content, grateful moan.
John sighed.
“Hey, kiddo,” Mycroft said gently.
“I’m supposed to be big,” he said before breaking down once more.
Sherlock shrugged.  “We saw everything good,” he said, and then his voice became quieter, conspiratorial.  “I didn’t want to see the bird house, anyway.  It’s smelly and scary.”
“No staying up late, boys,” their father joked from his seat on the piano bench, often tending towards maudlin when Mycroft and Sherlock were back under his roof.  “Father Christmas won’t come unless you’re asleep like all nice children.”
“And it makes you happy?” his brother asked, “Looking after grown men as if they were children?”
“You take Bunny back to mine and I’ll see what I can do to get Sherlock there before morning,” he said, passing over his keys.  “I have a sense he’s still feeling a bit jealous of Bunny after the weekend at the lake house.  I need him to know I’m not going anywhere.”
Greg nodded.  “I just need a minute to collect myself,” he said, “then I’ll go up to talk to him.”
Bunny reached for Willa gratefully, calming significantly once the beloved toy was in his arms.  He allowed Mycroft to change him without much fuss at all, choosing the pull-up instead of the diaper because I can be a big boy, Daddy, promise.  Mycroft hadn’t wanted to shatter the kid’s confidence by suggesting that that may not be the case at the moment.  While Sherlock was used to the diapers, they hadn’t ever been a part of Bunny’s age regression, so if the kid wasn’t ready for them, Mycroft knew it was best to stick with what would make him most comfortable.
Mycroft had been with John the entire day, in both his adult and child headspaces, but, emotionally, they had avoided each other for Sherlock’s sake, a silent agreement passing between them to put Sherlock’s needs first until the stress of the day had been resolved.  It was comforting to be able to settle back into the role he knew was best for John, grounding to be able to care for John completely once more.
Sherlock lay across Mycroft’s lap and cried for a moment longer while Mycroft rubbed the reddened skin of the boy’s bum.  Eventually he helped him to stand, so that he could look him in the eye.  Mycroft was pleased to see that Sherlock was calm at long last, that his mind was finally content even as the boy wiped his face with the backs of his hands.  He smiled up at the boy and reached to hold him by the wrists.
“Like hell you are,” he said.
“I’ll get Bunny settled, then it’s lunch and naptime,” Mycroft said, emphasizing naptime as if it were some kind of reward, and Greg smiled without opening his eyes, nodding as he angled his face towards the sunlight.
“Papa needs to talk to you about this morning.”
Sherlock pushed himself up on his elbows.  He ran the sheets between his fingers and clutched Dimitri the dinosaur close beneath one arm.
“Need to say ‘goodnight’ again?” he tried.
“Only just,” Mycroft said, glancing to the clock as he turned down the volume on the telly.  Experience had taught them that turning it off completely might wake the kids.
But Greg breathed a sigh of relief when Bunny grinned wide.  The boy actually giggled, no longer in danger of breaking down into full-blown tears.
It felt strange to think of Bunny as ‘she.’  But Sherlock remembered the way Mycroft said Bunny needed to listen to his heart when it told him to be a girl in the same way Sherlock had to listen when he felt extra small.  If Bunny was feeling like a girl, Sherlock had to let him be a girl.
“Sherlock, I'll be with you as soon as possible,” Mycroft was saying.  "Right now, I need you to be a big boy while I’m working."
He tried not to take it personally when Mycroft and Uncle Greg chuckled.  Mycroft had promised him he’d never laugh at him to tease, that he’d never make fun of him while in little space.
It had been Sherlock himself who had let Greg in on the brothers’ secret, albeit unintentionally, roughly three weeks after John had learned of the arrangement.  Sherlock had called Mycroft’s home phone while in headspace, and Greg had answered.  Luckily, the Detective Inspector had taken it in stride.
Mycroft took the pajamas and underwear from John when he knocked, then closed the door once more, leaving John to clean up his medical kit and wait for an explanation.
He made his way back to the medicine cabinet in the bathroom.  He didn’t see any cold medication readily available, but Mycroft had stocked the cabinet with both adult and children’s pain medication.  Greg knew John could have benefited from an adult-strength pain reducer to help his head and his throat, but he knew Bunny would not be up for taking any pills at the moment.  He measured out the children’s medication and carried it back into Bunny’s room.
He shouldn’t have done it.  The paper dolls had been right next to his new Lego set, and he’d been so mad and frustrated over the morning that he’d been tearing them up almost as soon as the thought had entered his mind.  But it had been wrong of him.  He’d known the moment his fit of rage dwindled and he was left kneeling in the living room among remnants of ruined paper dolls that it was quite possibly the naughtiest thing he’d ever done.
“Let’s go,” he’d said to a tousle-haired Sherlock angry at being woken before sunrise.  “Pack a bag.”
This chapter begins in Sherlock's perspective and then switches over to our little Bunny's.  I didn't have a ton of time to edit, so I apologize for any mistakes.  Enjoy!
Mycroft stood up and made sure both of his boys were tucked in.
Greg ran a hand over Mycroft’s shoulder.  After a moment, the man allowed himself to be pulled into Greg’s arms.  Greg did not realize until that moment how fast his heart had been beating.  At the feeling of Mycroft in his arms, the knowing that, once they got themselves out of this mess, things would be okay between himself and the man, he felt himself begin to calm.
“Brother, mine,” Mycroft said, pausing until Sherlock glanced up at him.  “When’s the last time you ate something?”
It was quite some time before anyone came to look for him.  He wasn’t particularly surprised; he knew Bunny would take some time to calm down and it was likely Mycroft and Papa Greg were discussing the best way to handle Sherlock’s transgressions.  But Sherlock had needed to pee since waking up that morning, had been holding it because, in the back of his mind, he knew he wanted to wet himself for attention sometime after breakfast.  Now he wasn’t sure how much longer he could go without peeing in his jeans.  It didn’t feel right to leave the closet and use the loo, not when he was in so much trouble, so he reached a hand between his legs and squeezed, hoping someone would come for him soon.
“Sit down and eat something while John gets dressed,” Mycroft sighed.
"It's good for when you're feeling really little," Bunny whispered, and Sherlock felt something draped over his shoulders which he knew must be John's baby blanket.
Greg made quick work of dressing him in warm sweatpants cuffed at the ankle and a soft t-shirt before handing him his stuffed lion and telling him to hang tight.  He was gone for only a moment before returning with one of his own sweaters, which he pulled over John’s head.  It was far too big for John, but that was the point, a trick Mycroft and Greg sometimes used to help the boys age down.  John felt warm and content and very young as Greg reached to roll back the sleeves which had fallen past John’s fingertips.  Greg pulled up the hood, and John felt safe in Uncle Greg’s care.
“I have to,” he breathed, but he mewled when Sherlock squeezed his crotch once more.
“I’m proud of you for calling me, Sherlock,” Papa said after a moment.  “I know it isn’t always easy to ask for help.”
“It’s okay, Daddy,” Bunny said as he climbed up onto the couch and pressed himself close against Mycroft, who wrapped an arm around him and absentmindedly ran his hand up and down the boy’s back.  “We can have hot chocolate another time.”
Mycroft should have guessed, given Greg’s allusions to the nightgown and paper dolls Bunny had picked out at the store and the fact that Sherlock would not be wearing pull-ups until he was feeling older, that Greg had purchased the girls’ version of Goodnights for their kid.
He reached for the pacifier on the table, but Mycroft picked it up first, holding up a finger to let him know they were almost finished.
Papa was snoring softly on his side of the mattress.
By the time Mycroft reached the kitchen, Sherlock was on his mobile.
It was for Sherlock’s own good.  He just hoped he’d done enough to contain the looming disaster.
“Potty, Papa,” he said, shifting from one foot to another on the lino.
He could feel the diaper--previously cold from his nighttime wee--warming as he began to soak himself, urine streaming along the front of the diaper before spreading down towards his bum.  It was a relief to release the heaviness of his bladder, a relief to hear the audible hiss as liquid gushed to pool in the sagging crotch of the disposable before being absorbed.
*NOTE: Edited after I initially posted because I realized I wanted to include John's morning as well!  Some of you have mentioned wanting to learn more about John's background/upbringing.  A bit of it was included in 'Settling In,' but I thought it was a great idea to explore that a bit more, so you get some hints in the newly added John sections.  Let me know if you'd like to see more of this (I know it's not exactly canon, so I have mixed feelings).
Sherlock pulled away and opened his mouth to protest, but Papa held up a hand and continued talking.
Sherlock seemed a bit lost in thought, but Mycroft reached to stroke the boy’s cheek to reassure him.  Sherlock caught his eye once more, and Mycroft knew he was ready to listen once more when the boy nodded.
He watched the man as he took in the table as it was laid out, as his eyes scanned the red and yellow sippy cup.  He could see Sherlock calculating his options, deducing John’s reactions to each differing response-scenario he was currently playing out in his mind.
“John?” Greg was asking from his place just outside the closed bathroom door.
“No,” he said, then returned to the side of the bed and yanked on his new shark pajamas.  “I’m not a baby.”
But Greg was glancing back and forth between the road and John as he parked the car, and he was frowning.
“Watch the attitude, brother mine,” Daddy said, voice unhappy.  “If you do not wish to participate, you will not be forced to, as I told you when we last spoke.”
John froze, eyes wide as he felt the fabric beneath his fingertips grow warm with a short burst of wetness.  He turned to face Sherlock, who smirked, then released another spurt of pee into his trousers.
He reached out to pat Sherlock’s knee, and Sherlock jerked away from his touch.  He forced himself to swallow down the tears.
If Greg or Mycroft overheard, they would chastise Sherlock for just how pleased he sounded at the prospect of Anderson’s pain.  But they were downstairs, out of earshot, and John couldn’t help but smirk.  After the lingering remorse he’d felt underlying the afternoon and evening, it was nice to imagine for a moment that punching Anderson hadn’t been a mistake.
Mycroft had more to ask about Bunny’s age and mental state, but there were some conversations best had in person.  He’d had too much experience with the faulty privacy of electronic communication, and knew Greg was likely surrounded by family members who may or may not decide to get nosy as Greg texted.
“You need to be a good boy, yeah?” Mycroft asked, and Sherlock, eyes downcast, nodded.
Sherlock, concerned at the moment with nothing outside of his own comfort, turned his head into Greg’s neck.  The boy was not doing much by way of helping Greg hold him, legs dangling instead of wrapped around Greg’s waist in the way they had learned stabilized them both, but Greg was just happy the boy had finally settled down, content to see the boy obviously reveling in being held.  He bounced the boy a bit to shift Sherlock higher up on his hip.  It had taken nearly an entire day for Greg to find himself with two cheerfully relaxed kids, something Greg knew would dissipate were he to deny Bunny his request.
Bunny turned from where he had been drawing a fish on the edge of the tub and glanced up at Mycroft with wide eyes, unsure.
They’d participated in some desperation and wetting play in the past, even a few times in bed, but never anything like this.  Sherlock’s hand ducked down to lazily stroke inside his pull-up when John’s hand fell away, and he turned his head to kiss John on the mouth.
“Can you, ah…” John gestured to the now half-empty bowl beside Sherlock, cereal floating soggy and abandoned in the discolored milk.
“How many?” Mycroft asked.
Sherlock picked at his lunch absent-mindedly, forcing himself not to think about how nice it might be to leave it all behind and let himself get small enough to be fed by Mycroft.
Now, awake in the middle of the night, John felt drained, as if the sleep he’d gotten since they’d come to bed had not been very deep or particularly effective.  Scattered images from the dream he’d woken from plagued his mind, blood from gunshot wounds and muddy, disorganized battlefields still presiding in the space before him.
Sherlock was wide awake as soon as Mycroft reached back to pat his knee and explain to him and the Bunny that they had arrived, and he bounded out of the car and through the lake house with excitement.
The phone clicked off and John was left staring at a tense, shivering Sherlock.  The man looked pitiful, standing in his wet trousers, cheeks flushed as he cried slow, silent tears every few moments.  Without the distraction of the phone call to Mycroft, John felt out of place, unsure of himself.
“To sleep, Sherlock,” he said, his voice firm but kind.  “It’s past bedtime.”
“Sherlock, bud,” Papa said when he was close enough to place them on the table and glancing towards Bunny, who was now staring towards the ground.
“Let’s go play,” Bunny suggested once they’d both finished pictures that Bunny insisted Mycroft hang on the fridge.
“Are you okay?  What happened?” Greg asked, and then, when his fear was replaced by a touch of anger when the kid only shrugged and continued to look at the toys on the shelves: “What do we say about wandering off?  I was worried sick.”
“I couldn’t make trouble and stay little,” he said, hoping Sherlock would understand and squeezing his eyes shut against the John-like flashes of overthinking attempting to crowd his mind even then.  “I had to just think about staying little.”
“Mycroft wouldn’t tell me why you’d left,” he explained.  “It pulled me out of headspace.”
Greg smiled back at his boys, cherishing the last few hours he had with them before they’d be returning to their more guarded selves.
“I’m not a baby,” John whispered, and his eyes flicked over to where Sherlock was hunched in the corner with his back to them.
Mycroft continued:  “He’s asked for you.  I do think he’d prefer to have you involved.  And it does seem to me that he’s needed this for far longer than he’s let on.  He and I have an agreement of sorts, that he’ll call me when he needs this, when he’s mentally in a place that is unhealthy.  I didn’t help matters this time by persisting in the childish argument we’ve been having for weeks.  However, I also think that, since you’ve moved in, he’s been embarrassed to show you this side of him, nervous about letting you in.  He’s known you a short time but he cares deeply for you, Dr. Watson.  He doesn’t want you to think any less of him.”
Mycroft had assumed Sherlock was fine under Greg’s care, that Greg had Sherlock's comfort handled while Mycroft took care of John.  But he'd seen how scared they boy had looked after being woken unceremoniously by Bunny's yelling.  Had he indeed ignored Sherlock's distress in favor of Bunny’s?
“He was on-board with the plan when you spoke to him last week,” Greg said.  “I didn’t anticipate a fight.”
It was on what felt like his twentieth try of the same level that he first felt a dribble of pee trickle into his underwear.  But he’d made it through the quicksand and was onto the swinging vines, which he’d never managed to get to in his past attempts, and there was no way he was going to pause now.  He tightened his muscles, squirmed against the carpeted floor, and shifted his hips, ignoring the desperate signals his bladder was sending as he leaned closer to the telly, excited and a bit breathless as he managed to make it past the vines.
“Promise?” she asked for assurance, and Papa rubbed her knee.
“You’ve both been running around with a bunch of zoo creatures all day.  You need a bath now and then we’ll put on something comfortable and watch a movie.  Bath now means no bath tonight before bed.”
“Stop kicking, Sherlock,” Greg called over his shoulder from the driver’s seat.  They had been driving for only an hour and a half, but already Sherlock was restless, kicking at the seat in front of him.  He felt stifled by the seat belt strapping him down--he’d taken it off twice and Mycroft had threatened to pull the car over and spank him if he did so once more--and cramped by the lack of legroom in the hatchback Greg had rented for the weekend.
“It’s no fun being sick,” Mycroft said by way of providing the boy a bit of empathy.  “How about after your timeout and your apology we get you and your brother some hot cocoa.  Maybe that will help you feel a little better, okay, buddy?”
“John thinks we should talk,” Sherlock said.
Mycroft had rearranged his schedule after receiving a call from John the night before, who was concerned that Sherlock would not be aged up in time to be left alone while John went to his scheduled shift at the surgery.  He had spoken to John for a few moments after Sherlock had been put to bed, and although John mentioned that Sherlock, before sinking down into headspace the previous day, had assured the man he would be back to his adult state by Tuesday afternoon, Mycroft agreed with John’s assessment that, based on the behaviors he had been seeing, Sherlock would need a few more days in headspace before he was ready to tackle adulthood again.  It was more than likely that Sherlock’s misbehavior that day stemmed from his inability to age up on the timeline he had promised.
John knew Sherlock was sensitive about wetting himself, especially as it had been happening with frequency over the course of the last few days since they had begun this most recent session of ageplaying.  Since learning of the habit from Mycroft, John had begun to notice when Sherlock was too engrossed in an activity or thought process to regulate full control over his bladder.
There was a moment of struggling against the thought, but John was fed up with struggling.  He needed to be small, damn anyone who thought otherwise.
Greg seemed to see through John’s attempts at confidence.  He glanced at him with sympathy, clicking his tongue in a way that signalled he disliked seeing John suffer.  John knew he couldn’t fully indulge his smallness at the moment, but he was unable to keep from leaning into Greg’s chest.  Greg accepted him immediately, wrapping him in the bear hug he needed and running a hand down his back.
Greg reached for a Christmas biscuit, which caused his mum to tsk in playful disapproval.
Bunny looked concerned, and, leaning away from Papa and his cloth, shook his head.
“Mycroft, what’s the Finnish word for debacle or catastrophe?” Sherlock asked, not looking up from the screen.
“Sherlock has a bit of a storied history when it comes to toilet training,” Mycroft said.
Mycroft waited until John made eye contact once more.
“Is that all?” Greg asked with a smile, hefting Sherlock onto his hip and carrying him towards the fridge.  “Well, we can fix that in no time, champ.”
John refused to answer, eyebrows furrowed as he glared.  He was too adult to be little and too little to be adult, which made him feel rather unmoored.  Sherlock grunted an affirmative, busy with the handheld video game he was allowed to use when they travelled in the car.   Bunny had one as well--tucked in the seat pocket in front of him--but it made his stomach hurt to stare at the small screen while the car was moving, so he rarely took it out to play.
“I’ll try to be good,” he said, allowing himself a small bit of vulnerability in Bunny's presence.  Bunny unbuckled his seatbelt and scooted across the middle seat until he could wrap his arms around Sherlock and rest his head on the man’s shoulder.
“Can I leave, now?” he asked.
Mycroft and Uncle Greg were both looking at Bunny as if lost in confusion.  It was rare that Bunny put on any acts of defiance; he was their sweet, compliant boy.  But Sherlock wasn't confused at all; why couldn’t they see what was wrong?  It was as obvious as anything to Sherlock.
“That’s more than okay, Sherlock,” he said.  “But you know it may be harder to age up once you allow yourself the time.  Do you understand that?”
“Morning,” he said, leaning close and nuzzling his nose against Sherlock’s neck.
Mycroft sighed, glancing down the hallway towards Sherlock’s room, but then nodded and allowed Greg to be the one to leave to find Sherlock.  John watched him carefully, and Mycroft seemed to purposefully change his expression from one of sadness to one of positivity; John knew it was for his sake.
Mycroft sighed and, leaning back in his chair, ran a hand down his face.  Greg stepped into the office and approached Mycroft.  He ran a hand over the man’s shoulder, then leaned down to kiss him deeply.
Sherlock turned in his seat to run his eyes up and down John, who sat stiffly behind him.
Mycroft sat on the porch swing, reaching behind to adjust a pillow against his lower back.  He placed the sippy cup on the wooden table beside them, pressed the pirate pacifier gently against Sherlock’s lips until the boy accepted it into his mouth, placed Dimitri in Sherlock’s lap, and lay Bunny’s blanket over Sherlock’s bare legs.  He then shifted Sherlock’s legs until he was sideways on Mycroft’s lap, his head resting on Mycroft’s shoulder.  Sherlock pulled the plush dinosaur under an arm and cuddled into his brother.  His hands grabbed at Mycroft’s t-shirt, and Mycroft leaned to kiss his brother’s temple.
“Just for a bit,” she said, voice firm but warm.  “A little quiet time.  I’ll cover for you if anyone notices you've gone.”
“I’m afraid your bunny blanket didn’t escape the accident,” Greg said as he crossed to the dresser to find clothes for John to change into.
“Daddy?” Bunny asked, running his fingers through the soapy water.  “Can I still be a princess, even when I feel like a boy?”
Sherlock was suddenly serious once more.
“No, I’m not,” Sherlock argued, lying to his brother for the simple fact that he felt like causing trouble.  “I’m cold.”
“Sherlock, love,” Daddy said, turning to his left.  “Let’s all watch Bunny’s ponies, and then we can watch dinosaurs.”
Bunny nodded, then blushed and dove to bury his face against Greg’s shoulder once more.
The praise sunk John into whimpering submission as he let out a cry of distress that was just as much a cry of pleasure, and urine streamed hard and fast against Sherlock’s thigh as John lost control.
Greg ran a hand down the length of his face.  He could not help but feel as if they'd somehow let the man down.  It has been Greg’s suggestion that he take Bunny to Baker Street.  He had been hoping the separation would allow John the space and time to explore the new, feminine side of Bunny without asking the lad to compromise on self-expression while Mycroft worked out the best plan for telling Sherlock.
“Come here, lady bug,” he said, holding his arms out and guiding the boy to the rocking chair, where he sat before settling the boy into his lap.  It was clear whatever had impacted John that morning was still affecting the boy now.  “Papa’s got you.”
“Yes!” he exclaimed, and Bunny gave a quiet nod, still focused on the telly.
"Tell him," Sherlock whispered, voice soft, almost younger.  His eyes were downcast in uncharacteristic submission.  "You have to tell him."
Greg’s first thought was of John searching for Sherlock in one of his many known drug dens, but he had never known Sherlock to have been found in the type of dingy motel they’d visited that morning.  This had to be an aspect of John’s life that Greg had not yet become privy to, perhaps from his days in the military, but more likely, given the man’s sudden drop in age after the fight, from his childhood.
Warm wetness pulsed into his clothing and the couch cushion until all he could feel was wet fabric against the skin of his legs and bum. It was exhilarating, peeing himself on the couch, but it was also terrifying.  He sniffled and blinked up at Greg when he felt himself able to stop.  He felt so young and so vulnerable.  He felt excited.
Sherlock did not respond, feeling small and safe for the first time in months of cases and holiday plans.
“We just need to give him love right now,” Mycroft said.  “Make him know he's cared for and has us here for him.  Too often he thinks he's alone.”
Hi, loves!  I've missed you all and hope you've all had a wonderful holiday season and are enjoying the new year!  Things have been very up in the air for me, which has meant less time to write, but I finally had some time to finish up this chapter and edit a bit, so I'm excited to share it with all of you.
“Papa?” Bunny asked, causing Greg to catch his eye in the rear-view once more.  "Am I in trouble when we get home?"
Warnings for mentions of self-harm, discussions of self-harm, and for spanking.  Please take care of yourself and don't read if you feel it may be triggering!
“N-no,” John stammered.  “I-I just thought…”
Bunny was still sniffling, but he did seem a bit less upset and worried.  He nodded and seemed to gain back a weak smile when Greg put the Ariel nightgown into the trolley.
Bunny didn’t answer, and Greg couldn’t help but notice the boy was once more close to tears.  Perhaps the kid had waited until the last moment to tell him, and was worried he wouldn’t be able to make it?  He was grateful when they passed a sign for a rest area just ahead, making sure to pull-off the expressway.  Luckily, the parking lot was nearly empty, and he was able to find them a parking spot close to the entrance.
The fact was, Bunny had been feeling like a girl since coming to his Daddy’s house, maybe even since having the accident in Sherlock’s bed and hiding in the closet.  He didn’t want to be a boy today; his skin felt prickly and too tight when he thought about being a boy, and that prickliness had been nagging him on all day, taunting him and making him act naughty.
“Get up,” John said, yanking Sherlock by an ankle to force him into movement.  “You’re getting the mattress wet.”
Anyway, hope you enjoy the final chapter of this story!  It shifts between John and Mycroft's perspectives and there are definite warnings for omorashi as John processes his feelings towards wetting.
Greg pulled the boy away from his chest again and glanced at him with a bit of confusion.
“There's nothing to be embarrassed about, Bun,” Mycroft reminded him.  “There's no shame in it.”
“Let’s at least pop over to check on them?” Greg asked.  “Make sure they’re okay?”
“Is Bunny okay?” Sherlock asked, sniffling, when he’d found his words again.
“The day at the zoo only confirmed things for me.  I was ashamed, but somehow the embarrassment became part of the appeal, part of the arousal.  Since then, I’ve thought about it.”
“I’m scared,” John mumbled, pulling at his lower lip where he sat at the kitchen table across from Greg.  He realized he was sucking his thumb and yanked it out of his mouth, wiping his fingers on his trousers.  What if Uncle Greg got angry if he sucked his thumb or misbehaved on accident? Greg had never been angry before while the boys were little, but that was when he was with Sherlock, too.  Did he know the rules Mycroft used for John, the rules that were different than Sherlock’s rules?  What if Uncle Greg wasn’t as nice when it was just the two of them alone?
None of John’s shame about ageplay was new, but that didn’t mean Greg had become skilled at quelling it.  They’d had the conversations many times before: conversations reassuring the boy that there was nothing wrong with needing comfort, conversations intent on convincing the man that there was nothing wrong with acting the kid for a time if it brought comfort and routine to what was generally a rather chaotic life.
He flipped on the nightlight and left the boys to sleep, pleased with the progress they had made despite the trials of the day.
“Today’s a hard day, huh, moppet?” Mycroft whispered once they’d been through the song four times and Sherlock had settled into a quiet weepiness.
Whether Greg was putting on an act or not, John believed he was proud of him in that moment, and John breathed a bit easier.
John had only been dropping into headspace for about four months now, and he rarely felt comfortable enough to go out into public while little.  It had begun late one night after the two men had put Sherlock down for the night.  They sat across from each other at the dining table.  John had hemmed and hawed over his feelings, all of which Mycroft had already ascertained over the course of the weeks leading up to the conversation, and it was Mycroft who eventually let John off the hook and spoke up.
“For how long did you keep up this...arrangement?”
Uncle Greg shared a look with Mycroft for a moment, and Sherlock wondered if he would refuse to help him get dressed, but Mycroft nodded, and Greg looked down at Sherlock with a sigh and a smile.
The wind blew aside the curtain on the window, and in the room’s shifting shadows Bunny saw something crawling on its belly to peek out from beneath the bed.  He screamed.
Sherlock bent down to speak quietly into John’s ear.
John cleared his throat and sipped from his mug of coffee.
Once they were in the bathroom, Greg helped him out of his now cold and itchy pants and then tore the sides of the wet pull-up to remove it from the consulting detective’s body.  The bath was a quick affair, just in and out with a quick scrub down.  Greg did wash Sherlock’s hair, Sherlock thought maybe because Uncle Greg was already washing his face free of tear streaks and maybe thought it would soothe him.  Sherlock usually hard having his hair washed, but he didn't mind tonight.  He didn't have the energy to put up a fight.
“I’m fine, Mycroft,” he repeated, voice husky from crying.  “I’m sorry I asked you to come.”
“Daddy, I want to wear one now,” he said.
“You’re okay,” Mycroft assured him again.  “Your coat will cover it, buddy.  No tears, okay?”
“Were you trying to trick me, little monkeys?” he asked, and then his fingers were running up and down their ribs and over their bellies, and they were both shrieking and laughing as he tickled.
“I know you don’t always feel understood by your family,” Greg explained, “but that’s not abnormal.  Why do you think family arguments around the dinner table are such common occurrences?”
There's a new ficlet up on my tumblr (link in the end notes)!  It was my birthday this week (yay!) so it's appropriately themed :)
The contents of the various plaster boxes were scattered across the sink.  Sherlock had let the towel drop from where Greg had wrapped it around his shoulders, seemingly unconcerned with nudity as he presented his chosen plasters.
“Did you have a little accident?” he asked.
John smiled gently, and stepped back from the doorway to let Mycroft off the hook by welcoming him into the room.  It was interesting to see Mycroft thrown off his game, if not a bit disconcerting.  Normally, Mycroft thought through each avenue and facet of a situation before placing himself into its bounds.  Then again, John knew this situation was rather outside Mycroft’s purview.
“I suppose some of the voices tell us we aren’t doing a good enough job of caring for you and Bunny,” Mycroft said, lost in thought as he put into words something he had rarely spoken aloud.  “They tell us we’re one misstep away from doing more harm than good.”
But he couldn’t hold it any longer.  With a gasp, a spurt became a trickle widening the wet spot on his jeans.
Hi loves!  Thanks for your kind comments on the last chapter!
“All that matters is that he agreed not to take things any further,” Greg said.  “Thankfully, he won’t press charges.”
Bunny glanced up at Greg and shook his head slowly, but his eyes shone with new tears.
John couldn’t help but clear his throat in the nervous silence which followed as he attempted to formulate a response.  He had been embarrassed by the exchange with Mycroft earlier that day but moreso by his own awkward attempts to put on an act of babyishness.
“‘Night Mycroft, ‘night Bunny, ‘night Unlce Greg,” Sherlock said.
John hurled the man’s coat at him with a scoffing laugh.
“I’ll always be yours, bud,” Mycroft said.  “Being Bunny’s Daddy doesn’t change that.”
“Wait,” Mycroft said when Greg reached to ring the doorbell.
“Good boy,” he said, and Sherlock looked as if he were on the verge of smiling.  “Can you explain why you got angry today and said such mean words?”
There were a few panicked moments while he took in his unfamiliar surroundings, but he soon remembered he was in a guest room at Greg’s brother’s house.  He caught his breath, hunched over with a hand still pressed between his legs, unable to keep the images from his mind.  This time, Sherlock and Mycroft had been there, lying prone on the muddy ground, eyes unblinking.
“You haven’t met Sherlock,” he said with a smirk.
There was a bit of whining as the boys were made to shift position in Greg’s absence, but he shushed them and pulled a blanket from the back of the couch to wrap it around them, which seemed to appease.
“What if I ask you questions? Can you tell me yes or no?”
John turned and cocked his head, suddenly taken aback.  Because it was not Mycroft staring at him from the other end of the living room; it was Sherlock.
“But I know you’re not comfortable with it.  And, if it’s something you want me to save for nights when Greg’s babysitting, I think I can do that.”
Anxiety had shifted him into harshness, and he had had quite enough of Sherlock’s ridiculousness for the day.  He threw open his own door to stretch his legs.  He needed some air.
Urine spilled into the pull-up full force, warm and gushing against Bunny’s skin.  He could not help but break down in sobs as he felt the Goodnight begin to expand between his legs, filling up with his pee.  He glanced down and spread his hands across the front of his crotch, but it must have been clear to Sherlock that he was losing it.
But there was John asleep next to him, Little Mermaid nightshirt ridden up to his chest and legs splayed as if he were proudly displaying his new pink pull-up, Peter Rabbit pacifier matching the plush rabbit draped beside his head on the pillow and the bunny baby blanket tangled over one thigh.  It was as if he were boasting about his own ability to act the way he truly wanted.
Greg could not help but grin from ear to ear.  His brother’s approval had always meant the world to him, from congratulations on elementary school report cards to cheerful shouting in the stands at high school football games, and it was reassuring to know that even the most unconventional aspect of Greg’s life as it currently stood was sanctioned by his big brother.
He knew it was the wrong thing to say, that it would draw attention to the fact that the door was locked and that Sherlock was nervous and stuttering, but he didn’t have time to worry about that at the moment.  He ducked to his knees and shoved his wet clothes as far under the bed as he could.  It was the quickest solution, and, with any luck, no one would look under that bed until the entire event was long past.
“I want to go with you, Papa,” Bunny said, rubbing his runny nose on the back of his wrist, an act for which Daddy gently chastised him as he passed him a napkin.
John whined a bit, surprising himself with how babyish it sounded, but he stepped into the pull-up and allowed Greg to settle it up around his hips.
Hi, loves! I have a bit of a break from work, which means time to update!
It was all a blur of introductions and jokes and bite-sized food as the Christmas music played.  John found himself desperate for the grounding presence of Greg’s grip on his elbow, afraid he’d be swallowed up in it all were he to lose contact with the taller man.  He could barely keep all of Greg's family members straight, let alone neighbors and Greg's parents' friends and the multiple groups of children rushing to assess wrapped presents beneath various Christmas trees.
So, with a shaky breath and a newfound determination to continue down the path of lies he’d already begun laying for himself, Sherlock avoided Papa and Mycroft’s expectant eyes and reached forward to point at a sparkly Saturn on the planets sheet of stickers.
“You’re too big to suck your thumb,” Mycroft said, knowing the dose of humiliation would keep Sherlock vulnerable enough to keep him talking for a few moments more.
Instead of screaming and shouting, which Bunny had expected, Sherlock whined and buried his head in his arms on the table, mumbling things to himself which Bunny could not make out.  He remained that way for much of breakfast, never lifting his head and only responding in one-word answers to the questions Daddy and Papa put to him to attempt to include him in the conversation.
Mycroft shushed his fears.
“Can we finish talking later?” John asked, suddenly on the verge of slipping younger.
“There are very few relationships in this world that are unconditional.  For better or for worse, your family was your first home.  Even if you’ve outgrown that home, it’s important to go back and visit it, from time to time.”
The truth was that the intensity of the last ageplay session--a session filled with recalled childhood trauma on Sherlock’s part and complicated issues of gender identity on Bunny’s--had made things rather fraught for all involved, had settled a new weight over what had always been, first and foremost, a stress release.
“Everything alright?” Mycroft called, leaning towards the doorway.
“I don’t mind,” Sherlock said with the breath of a laugh, releasing John from his stuttering embarrassment.  “Mycroft and Lestrade think we could all do with a little bit of good old-fashioned ageplay, no bells or whistles or unearthed childhood traumas.  I suppose you can’t get any more fundamental than toilet training.”
Mycroft and Greg had responded far better to finding Sherlock sitting soaked in the backseat of the rental car than Sherlock would have expected.  Bunny, who had, upon seeing the state of Sherlock’s trousers, offered Sherlock the rest of his ice cream cone in order to keep Sherlock from crying even more, stood watch outside the car while Greg passed Mycroft clean clothes from a suitcase in the trunk--a fresh pull-up, warm green sweatpants, and Sherlock’s pirate shirt.  Mycroft climbed into the backseat beside his brother and helped Sherlock get out of his wet things.  Greg also passed along a baseball cap, which Sherlock pulled down onto his head almost before Mycroft could get his shirt on.  It had been Greg's idea, a way to keep Sherlock from becoming over-excited and thus liable to be jarred back up in age while he was little.  The baseball cap not only kept Sherlock from feeling fully exposed to the world around him, but allowed him a narrower sightline.   When he pulled the brim of the cap down over his eyebrows, Sherlock could limit the amount of stimulation entering into his vision each moment.  It had been quite a feat to change the boy considering Sherlock refused to exit the car, but Mycroft was rather adept at dressing his brother, and aside from the near-tantrum Sherlock threw about not wanting to wear another pull-up, Sherlock was dressed and clean quickly.
Sherlock sat on the couch with his legs crossed, the quilt from his bed wrapped around his shoulders and up over his head, watching telly.
I will also respond to comments ASAP :)
Greg’s mother forced appetizers and warm cider cocktails onto John and Greg whenever she could find them in the mass of guests, telling them to drink and have a good time.
Yes, John had quite bashfully discussed with Greg and Mycroft his desire to explore aspects of potty training, interested in the structure and inevitable praise and attention that would come from such a practice as well as the chance to slip a bit deeper into headspace.  But he hadn’t expected the information to be passed along to Sherlock, and he certainly hadn’t expected Sherlock to bring up the prospect while they were both fully adult.
“Bet he’d be even younger than you,” Sherlock teased.
“You’re here in your room, now,” Daddy whispered. “You’re safe, love bug.”
Sherlock rolled over and forced himself to stand with another groan.  He knew John was right, that it was best that they compared information and formed a game plan before being forced to have a conversation with Mycroft and Greg.  But that didn’t make it any easier to leave John’s bed and the comfort of their private life.
Mycroft turned over his shoulder to catch the boy’s pleading glance, and could not help but breathe a laugh.
“Honey, Sherlock’s not mad,” Mycroft said.  “He’s just a bit grumpy right now.”
Sherlock felt the fabric at John’s crotch dampening, could feel the muscles of his stomach tense as he struggled to keep from losing complete control.
Sherlock’s mother did nothing to eradicate the problem, consistently using pet names and nicknames with both himself and Mycroft, asking them to help her decorate Christmas biscuits, even insisting that they all watch claymation Christmas films
It sounded as if the boy were close to tears, then there were some mumbled swear words and what sounded a bit like a gasp.  What was going on?
“Th-thirsty,” he said at last.
Sherlock shook his head.
The man had done well with the conversation, and Mycroft was pleased.  He settled on patting Sherlock's arm goodnight.
“Yes?” Mycroft asked, his voice as self-righteous as ever.
Sherlock smiled, and this time it was Sherlock who kissed Bunny on the cheek before the smaller man climbed back up onto the couch to snuggle with Papa Greg and his stuffed rabbit.
Mycroft had suggested that Greg pick up a new pack of Goodnights while at the store, and he assumed this was what his kid was referring to.  But Bunny seemed hesitant, as if there were something else he wanted to ask.  Had the kid changed his mind about wanting to wear pull-ups more often?
Bunny needed his big brother.
But Greg's hand came up empty, and, when he slipped a hand into his other pocket, that was empty as well.
Happy Valentine's Day, loves!
Bunny had fallen back against his pillows and was rubbing against half-lidded eyes as he watched Greg enter the room again.
John reached out to take Sherlock’s hand in his own.  He did not shush him or tell him it would be okay, not wanting to coddle the boy when he needed to learn a lesson.  However, he let the boy know he was there for him by circling his thumb along the back of Sherlock’s hand as he waited for him to regain a sense of rational thought.
Sherlock nodded, and his eyes were far younger than Mycroft had seen in quite some time.  If Sherlock did want to age up again before arriving at their parents, it was going to be quite the task.  But Mycroft was choosing to focus on the problem at hand; they would deal with their parents when the time came.
Sure enough, John could feel a steady stream of pee releasing into his underwear and then his jeans, streaming down his right leg.  He was unable to stop himself, stomach muscles aching from being tensed with laughter.  He was too exhausted and too far gone.
“Hang tight,” Greg said, clearly well-attuned to John’s current needs.  “Almost there.”
Mycroft scoffed.
Bunny paused for only a moment, then nodded emphatically, grinning up at him.  It might not be easy to come to terms with Bunny being his sister, but it seemed that, for the moment, all Bunny required of Sherlock was that he try his best.
He knew he should change his pants; the pull-up was starting to sting where the wetness had been against his skin for too long, and his trousers were cold all around the back and down his thighs where the pull-up had leaked.  But he didn’t have the energy.  Everything seemed insurmountably difficult at the moment, and the cuts along his arms stung and pooled guilt in his tummy.  He could do nothing but slink down to lay curled with his knees to his chest, hidden beneath the duvet cover as he sucked his thumb.  And then there was suddenly nothing but tears, loud guttural sounds sobbed into the thick pile of the rug beneath him.
“Sherlock?” Mycroft called to the boy hovering in the hallway between kitchen and bathroom.  “Are you feeling okay?”
“Jealousy, once again,” Sherlock said.  “Nothing more.”
Here's the little Sherlock some of you have been waiting for.  Unfortunately he's struggling with some tough situations in this one, but all will get better for him, soon!
Sherlock was sulking, but he walked over to the kitchen table where Mycroft and John sat.  He fidgeted, one foot on top of the other.
Their mother saw through the lies, thanking Mycroft for taking care of his little brother when she hugged him goodbye.  She told Sherlock she was glad he’d come, and Mycroft worried the kid would snap at her with something disparaging--praise being a bit of a divisive action when Sherlock was fighting headspace, but he simply shrugged and whined a bit in the back of his throat as Mycroft, laden with presents and far too many leftovers, ushered him out of the house.
“That’s enough, buddy,” Uncle Greg said, but he was laughing, and Bunny knew he wasn’t mad when he pulled Sherlock close to him in a hug.  Sherlock only squirmed away to get more comfortable, as it was tight quarters to fit four in the bed.  Bunny felt safe and calm pressed between his Daddy and his big brother.
“You’re sweating, kiddo,” Daddy said, sitting Bunny down on his unmade bed.  The fact that Papa hadn’t put new sheets on Bunny’s bed made him blush, as he wound up sitting on the plastic sheet.  “Let’s change you out of that nightshirt.”
“I’m sure they were, love.  But you don’t have to wear them if you don’t want to.”
“I’m not young, Mycroft,” John mumbled half-heartedly, consciously attempting to ignore the state of his bed and underwear, the tears and the runny nose he wiped with his palms and the backs of his wrists.
But Mycroft left the room without another word.  Because as much as he’d like to explain that he was just fine, the truth was that he was feeling anything but.
Sherlock shook his head, then crossed his arms over his torso, hugging himself.
Bunny laughed as he pulled up his pull-up and pajama trousers.
Mycroft and Uncle Greg shared a look.
“They’re not going to last very long,” Mycroft said, flicking his gaze from Bunny, who was knuckling eyes, to Sherlock, who was already half-asleep on Greg’s shoulder.
Sherlock seemed to sense that John had relented and was not going to deny or avert.
“You did good, kiddo,” Papa said, smiling warmly as Mycroft reached out to squeeze Sherlock’s shoulder.  “We’ll choose one a bit later, once you’re feeling up to it, alright?”
Greg chuckled and, after putting the car in park and turning off the ignition, stepped out of the driver’s seat and around to the back.  He pulled open the door where John was seated and helped the boy undo the seat belt he’d been struggling with.
“You shouldn’t have done that back at the bar,” John breathed as Sherlock pressed him against the wall and leaned in to kiss him against the neck.
John shook his head, then stepped into the pull-up Mycroft held out for him.  He was dressed quickly, joggers pulled up over the pull-up--which had calmed him far more than he'd ever imagined--and shirt whisked down over his head.  He was still unable to shake the waves of shame which came over him whenever he thought too hard about what was happening, but he was clean and dry at long last, and there was at least some peace in that.
“Let’s try that one more time,” Daddy said, eyebrows raised, and Bunny’s fear that he would be kept in the timeout corner the entire day slowly dissipated.
He found the boy’s earnestness rather endearing.  That said, John was not in a position to immediately transition back down in headspace.  Mycroft may be perpetually nagging him for his ability to shift out of headspace far too quickly, but it had never been said that John shifted too quickly
“Good,” Mycroft nodded.  “Now, it’s bath time for all good big boys.”
.  Be sure to heed the tags!
“You like that, ladybug?” he asked, and John beamed at the nickname, nodding emphatically.
When Sherlock was this young, he generally accepted things as they came; he was prone to love and happiness more so than when he was his toddler or little boy self.  But if Sherlock suddenly aged up, there might be trouble.  That Mycroft knew.  Sherlock was not not particularly intolerant, but he was highly prone to jealousy, and Mycroft knew the Bunny would require a bit of extra attention as she settled into this side of herself for the first time.  Sherlock was bound to feel left out, and may misbehave or taunt as a result.
His mobile pinged again.
Bunny looked unsure, but eventually nodded.
“How old, kiddo?” Mycroft asked, and Sherlock shrugged.
“Tell me how you felt,” Mycroft said.
Greg was halfway down the staircase when Mycroft turned.
It was strange to be tickled; John had tickled a few girlfriends here and there but hadn’t been on the receiving end with any of them.  He couldn’t remember the last time he’d been tickled.  It must have been in childhood, but even thinking back to his younger years he didn’t have clear memories of it.  The sensation was a mix of vulnerability, helplessness, and fun, although the longer the tickling went on the less exciting it became.
“After dinner, Sherlock, like Papa explained,” Mycroft said for the third time, frustration governing his tone.  “Watch the movie and the food will be here before you know it.”
“Right,” Greg said, lost in Mycroft’s tangled web of thought.  He ran a hand down his face in exasperation.  “Meaning...?”
.  I'm dying to do a few more Holiday-themed ficlets set in this universe, so I'm hoping to have the space to post one or two there in the next few days.
He couldn’t convince Mycroft that he was fully adult; his brother knew too well how he’d behaved earlier that day.  But he could try to convince him he was handling his struggle well enough to remain mostly adult.  And, in the process, maybe he could convince himself as well.
Mycroft breathed a laugh, then turned to kiss Greg, pulling away only to look him in the eye with loyal affection.  Mycroft Holmes was often a man of too many or too few words, but Greg had come to learn how to read him; he would beat himself up a bit over what had happened with Sherlock just as Greg would beat himself up over what had happened with John.  But they had each other to shoulder the burdens, and Greg knew they would make it through.
“I’m right here,” Mycroft said.  “You’re alright, now.”
Sherlock whined in the back of his throat, but stilled his body until he was doing little more than shifting his hips back and forth against the mattress.  There were tears behind his eyelids, but he pressed his face hard into the pillow to make them stay put.  If he cried, Papa would soothe and shush and ask him questions about feelings that Sherlock wouldn’t be able to answer without letting the thoughts and the questions pricking at the corners of his mind out into the open.  They were the same questions he’d had after first learning Mycroft was Bunny’s Daddy: lingering questions about betrayal, about favorites.
He sat sideways, cuddling into his brother, closing his eyes as he rested his head on Mycroft’s chest.
Mycroft could concede Greg’s points.  If John were simply creating a character to play while in headspace, if he were using feminization to keep himself at an arm’s length from his true younger self, it was unlikely he’d have been quite so hurt and ashamed by Mycroft’s rejection of his wishes and excitement, so personally threatened by the prospect of displeasure.  It was unlikely he’d continue to risk teasing from Sherlock and the potential rejection from Mycroft or be so emotional while stating his plans to reject them and "be a good boy" if these were not true, deep needs.
Train travel always felt rather tedious to John; a prolonged trip with nothing to do besides gaze out the window or try not to feel dizzy while reading or scrolling through his mobile was the last thing he had wanted after the busy string of cases he and Sherlock had just finalized.  But Harry had invited him, said she wanted him to meet her new girlfriend, that she was planning a big meal.  John had been impressed by how put-together she sounded, how hopeful.  It had made him believe they actually could have a family Christmas together, even after all these years.  Brother and sister celebrating the holidays.
“Okay, baby.  Let’s take this medicine and then we’ll get you to the potty.”
He wasn’t upset with his Daddy.  After all, his Daddy and Uncle Greg had put up with a lot in the past few days, from Sherlock’s temper tantrums when he’d found out about Bunny calling Mycroft Daddy to Bunny’s accidents and his misbehaving that afternoon, when he’d run away from Uncle Greg at the store.  If anything, Bunny was upset with himself for giving his Daddy more to worry about.  He shouldn’t be pushing for things he wanted when his Daddy had more important things to worry about.  He shouldn’t be disrupting what had come to be the routine of their little family by asking for new guidelines.
“I can’t hold it,” John gasped, “I’m going to...oh, god.”
Bunny’s jeans were balled up in the foot well when Greg returned, the boy sitting in a damp pair of Harry Potter pants.  A blush spread across Bunny’s cheeks at being found out wearing cartoon underwear, and Greg once more cursed himself for not realizing just how close to small John had been before they’d even left that morning.
Greg glanced across the table in concern.
The kid glanced up at him tentatively.
Luckily, apart from the issue he’d been called in for--questioning from the Complaints Commission regarding one of his officer’s mishandling of an interrogation--and a rather large stack of paperwork, it had been a slow day.  He hadn’t needed to choose between his role as Papa and that of Detective Inspector, and had simply told John the truth: that there was nothing pressing on at the moment.
Sherlock glanced up, doubtful.
He helped Sherlock to his feet and gave the boy one final tap to his reddened bum to get him moving.  Sherlock obeyed, stepping to put his nose in the corner.
Greg knew John would be more than embarrassed were he to be awake and listening, but Greg trusted his big brother, and it was actually a relief to be able to share what had become such a large part of his life with someone he knew cared for and supported him.
“If I am, it’s thanks to the three of you,” he said, nodding with his chin towards the boys as he once more squeezed Greg’s hand.
“Periodic table
for upcoming ficlets and one-shots related to ageplay/omorashi that will likely be linked to this series.
It was no secret that Bunny showed an affinity for stereotypically feminine items while in headspace.  Greg found it adorable, although Mycroft worried that it suggested John still felt uncomfortable ageplaying, and thus felt less guilt when he could separate his adult side from his little side as fully as possible.  Because of this, Mycroft was a bit conflicted about encouraging the behavior in John, wanting to instead work on getting John to accept his little self without having to rely so heavily on the more-feminine Bunny alter-ego.  Greg did not share any of his boyfriend’s qualms.  Even if John was attempting to calm his own guilt by cultivating Bunny instead of a little version of Dr. Watson, he would rather the man be happy in littlespace than challenged and overwrought with worry.  Who was to say butterflies and bunnies were more girly than boyish, anyway?  As far as Greg was concerned, the distinctions were meaningless.  John already overthought far too much; if he was youngest and happiest wearing a girl’s nightgown, Greg would happily buy him a girl’s nightgown.
His voice was pained, at its gentlest, and John had to force himself to keep from viewing him as his Daddy in the moment.  He needed a separation, needed to view Mycroft right now as just a flawed man who happened to be his friend.  It was too hard to look at him as the Daddy whom Bunny viewed as faultless.
“...that I didn’t pay attention to your needs,” Sherlock continued as if pleased to be remembering something he had rehearsed.  It was clear Greg had helped Sherlock work out what he wanted to say, had helped to provide the words when Sherlock could not decipher his own emotions.  “And I’m sorry I bossed you around and...and didn’t listen when you said you didn’t want to play anymore.”
John decided to see if he could hold it until the end of the movie.  But, deep down, he hoped, perhaps even knew, that it was a lost cause.  He had to go too badly to hold it for long, hadn’t gone since before he’d arrived back at Baker Street earlier that evening.
There was a sniffling pause, and when Sherlock spoke, his voice was timid and small.
Mycroft ran a thumb along the back of Sherlock’s hand to comfort the boy.
“Oh honey, I’m not sorry at all,” Papa said, hugging Bunny close and pressing the pacifier he had caught back into Bunny’s mouth.  “I’m just sorry you felt you had to wait so long to tell us.  I need you to know that I love you no matter what, boy or girl or otherwise.  Understand?”
“What are you sorry for, Bun?” Mycroft prompted as a starting point.
Mycroft had hated the science sleep-away camp--something his parents had forced him into in the hopes he would socialize with children his own age with shared interests.  They had bribed him with the promise that they would write him a note to get him out of gym class come the beginning of the fall term should he attend the camp.
Sherlock whined but allowed himself to be led down the hallway.  He was coughing, and wiped his runny nose on the back of his hand.  It was clear as Greg guided him towards his new pirate bedroom that the kid was coming down with the same cold he suspected Bunny had.  Sherlock stopped in front of the bathroom doorway and pointed inside.
“Bad dreams,” he said.  “Wet bed.”
“A rather unfortunate neighbor girl,” Mycroft said, raising his hands out to his sides and adding a bit of defensiveness to his tone, as if he found John’s question demanding.  “Just around Sherlock’s age.  Tormented him to no end.  Rather intelligent, but had a certain propensity for taking things that did not belong to her.”
Mycroft knew Greg was right, knew he needed to sit back and wait for the boys to come to them on their own terms.  Even so, he could not help but feel uneasy that he’d left them to their own devices.  The men were destructive even when fully adult; there was no telling what could happen if both of them continued to refuse themselves comfort and existed in the in-between space between adult and child.
“--John,” Mycroft said, holding a hand up to stop the man from speaking further.  “There’s no need to discuss unless you’d like to.  I told you last night: you don’t need to be little to accept comfort.”
Spankings were another point of contention among each man’s respective parenting styles.  Greg was hesitant to dole out any type of corporal punishment, even to Sherlock, who had admitted while out of headspace that he liked and wanted spankings to be included in ageplay.  When it came to John, who had outright asked not to be spanked during the earliest conversations he’d had with Mycroft about boundaries, Greg downright refused.
After a long time-out, Sherlock had been released to play with an anxiously waiting Bunny, and the boys set about trying to determine a name for the new stuffed rabbit that had become such a constant presence in their lives over the past day.  It was while they were very seriously weighing the pros and cons of including a middle name in their deliberations, Sherlock keeping notes with a broken crayon on the inside back cover of a coloring book, that Greg entered the living room with the boys’ swim trunks in hand.
Bunny whimpered and tried to push himself away from Mycroft.  Mycroft feared he would burst into loud cries once more, and kept his arms wrapped tightly around the boy.
The boy was attempting to gain sympathy points.  It may have worked with Greg, who was less used to Sherlock’s ploys, but Mycroft could see straight through the boy's attempts to excuse away his wet pull-up as anything other than an intentional wetting.
“I thought I might be seeing you tonight,” Mycroft said as John took a seat at the kitchen table across from him.  “Are you doing okay?”
He sighed, and felt his eyes fill up with tears.  He hadn’t meant to be bad all morning, but Daddy had been preoccupied with Sherlock, who had gone and gotten younger and taken all the attention, and Bunny’s thoughts and desires about not feeling like a boy today had turned him confused and lonely, so he’d acted out.
He considered calling John as he hailed a cab and directed it to the government building where he assumed Mycroft would still be hunched over his work in his dark office, anticipating that John would be best able to report on Sherlock’s current state of mind.  But he was sorely lacking in details from the morning’s conversation, and he didn’t want to risk upsetting Mycroft or the boys by mistakenly saying something he shouldn’t.  He would talk with Mycroft, and hopefully convince him to accompany him to Baker Street, where they would ensure their little ones were alright.  However adult they may be at any given time, Greg had begun to find it difficult not to see Sherlock and John as they were when they were small: innocent and vulnerable.
“You underestimate their dogged obstinacy,” Mycroft smirked, and Greg chuckled.  “They’re going to give me an ulcer.”
The boy sniffled and shook his head violently enough that Mycroft could tell he was refusing just from his body language beneath the blankets.
“Which is something you don’t need to keep exclusive to headspace, you know,” he said.
But Sherlock stayed where he was.
“Alright with you if Uncle Greg gets you dressed in some play clothes, Bun?” Mycroft asked.
“Bun,” Mycroft called as he set the clothing on the edge of the sink.  “Is it okay if Sherlock comes in for a minute?”
John opened his mouth to contradict, but then paused, noticing Mycroft’s mind had shifted somewhere else.  The taller man sat up straighter and straightened the cuffs of his button-up shirt, a nervous habit which was one of Mycroft’s only tells of insecurity.
“Just a little accident,” Mycroft said, guiding Bunny to step out of the puddle of urine and then holding Bunny’s head as he laid it against his chest.
“Yeah-huh.”
“Let’s get you dressed in something comfy, and then we’ll talk about breakfast options, champ,” Greg said, patting Sherlock on the small of the back to prod him out of the kitchen.
Greg breathed a laugh, then nodded, allowing John to make his way to the front foyer.
“I know,” he said.  “Sorry, Papa.”
He took the spoon from Sherlock’s hand and began feeding the boy himself.  Sherlock ate greedily for once, waiting for spoonfuls of macaroni with an opened mouth.
Greg fished a blanket from the cabinet beneath the bookcase and draped it over a whining Bunny.
John scoffed, dismissing Greg’s praise.
Papa took a moment before answering, and, by the time he spoke, Mycroft had stepped closer to join them next to Sherlock, who was still seated at the table.
“Of course you’re not,” Mycroft said, knowing he would need to speak to Sherlock about teasing his brother.  “You’re my big, kind boy.  And you know what?”
“I don’t know,” he said, but John raised his eyebrows slightly, worldessly asking the boy to try harder.
“If you need anything...,” he said, turning back.
“No, Greg.  You’ll spoil their dinner,” Mycroft contended.  He’d seen first-hand how poorly Sherlock had eaten while at their parent’s house, and he’d been counting on using dinner to start the process of making up for that.
John glanced at the clock and realized that, yes, it was already past his bedtime.  There was a chance Mycroft might be mad, but he didn’t mind at the moment.  He just needed to talk to him.
“Shut up!” Sherlock shouted over Bunny’s wailing, “Leave me alone!
He glanced over at Greg, who was nodding, and squeezed his hand.  Mycroft’s attention turned back towards the lake.
Sherlock's prattling had begun to make his hungover brain spin, but this final statement was a welcomed one, and Sherlock’s assurance that he was not discontent or frustrated by any female identification settled John.  He felt calmer knowing that Sherlock accepted him.
Greg only turned and quirked an eyebrow.
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut and twisted one leg around the other.
“Are you okay?” John asked, shifting to look Sherlock in the eye.
Mycroft nodded.  “Remember, no teasing.”
“No,” he said.
“Okay, lady bug,” he said, knowing it was a favorite nickname of Bunny’s.  “How about this?  Daddy brought some wipes and a clean butterfly pull-up.”
“Watch the tone, Sherlock,” He said, voice matter-of-fact, less babying than concerned.
“I help, Daddy,” Bunny mumbled, still half-asleep but shifting a bit to wrap arms and legs around Mycroft in a way that meant Mycroft could easily stand with the kid and follow Greg upstairs.
“That’s the term used to describe the mental state a person enters into when they participate in ageplay, when they regress.”
“Can Papa take you to the loo?” Greg asked, but Bunny only shook his head.
John slipped his phone into his pocket and leaned onto his knees, letting his face fall into his hands.  Why did he give her chance after chance?  He should know by now that Harry was not reliable, that picking him up at the train station on time was a rather tall order for his sister.  He didn’t place full blame Harry; she had been through a lot, and John knew first-hand how difficult it could be to cope at times.  But that didn’t mean the whole situation hadn’t left him feeling stranded and forgotten.
Mycroft sighed.
It was clear Sherlock was still grouchy and sore from being put down to nap, but Bunny wanted his big brother.
“Plasters, Papa?” Sherlock asked.
“They're wrong.  It would be wrong of us to tell Sherlock he shouldn’t like pirates, just as it’s wrong of Sherlock to tell you you shouldn’t like The Little Mermaid.  We like what we like, and there’s nothing wrong with that.  Understand?”
“Another strangulation,” John said, keeping his eyes set on the scattered cars passing along the road in front of them. “Just a few hours ago, I’d guess.”
Greg sighed.  “I’d asked ‘em both if they needed the loo just ten minutes before, and neither of ‘em asked for it.”
“Christmas only comes once a year,
Even so, there were times when John hesitated, when he pulled his own thumb out of his mouth when Mycroft warned Sherlock that he was too old for it.  John had a tough time feeling as if he deserved his own set of circumstances; Mycroft could see he often felt he was inconveniencing everyone by not simply slipping directly into Sherlock’s.  It was why John’s accident had torn him up so much.
“Come here, Bun,” Daddy said when the timer had chimed which signaled the end of Bunny’s second timeout of the day.
His Papa sighed, and although he was gentle, it was a shock and an insult when he pried Bunny’s arms from around his neck and forced himself away.  Bunny dissolved into tears and felt himself go slack, slipping from the kitchen chair and onto the floor, where he suddenly found himself sobbing as he lay on the tiles and buried his face in his arms, curling into a ball and mumbling things he knew no one would be able to understand.
“I’d like to apologize, Sherlock,” Mycroft said after a time of silence.
“Does Bunny need to wee?” Sherlock asked before moving to wash his hands.
So, he stood behind the kitchen table and spread his legs.  He let his bladder go completely, feeling himself peeing again after a moment.  The urine warmed the cooling fabric and liquid pulsed through the soaked material until he felt it trickling down his leg.  John reached down and felt the warmth of his accident as he released.  He rubbed the wet material of his pajamas as he finished.
“Come in, Mycroft,” John said.  His throat was raw from his earlier crying, and his voice sounded strange to his ears.  Without realizing it, he had grown used to the more childish tone he slipped into whenever he spent time as Bunny.
“I wasn’t clever enough,” he said, voice little more than a sniffling whisper.  “I wasn’t clever and I couldn’t find him.”
Mycroft sighed.
“Not wet,” Sherlock said, a half-hearted attempt now that he knew he’d been found out.
“What is it, Mycroft?” he asked, turning with effort, as if it were some great hardship to share his brother’s company.  Which, given that Mycroft’s concerned presence had been reminding Sherlock of what it was like to be small and looked after all day, it was.
John didn’t know whether to cry or to cum, Sherlock’s sweetness and the warm bulk between his legs making him feel vulnerable but stimulated.  He focused on letting his bladder release fully, legs spread around Sherlock as the liquid pooled hot between his legs before being absorbed.
When he was finished, he picked up his glitter crayon as he caught sight of his Daddy in the kitchen and his cheeks pinked.  But he could not help but enjoy the feeling as he rocked back and forth on the rug, the bulk of his pull-up pressed wet between his legs.  It was only when Mycroft called him for breakfast that John spoke up.
"The voices in Bunny’s head don’t tell Bunny he can’t be five years old," Mycroft said.  "They tell her she can’t be a girl.”
“Did you sleep well?” Papa asked, rubbing a hand along her back, and Bunny nodded, then remembered her dream and perked up to tell Papa all about the sandcastles and picnic foods and the way Papa had pulled Daddy into the ocean, which had made Daddy angry but then silly.
“--Mycroft.”
“I’m just frustrated, little Bunny,” Sherlock said.
“My brother has a habit of professing himself immune to emotional resonance,” Mycroft said, folding his hands on the desk in front of him.  “In reality, his proclamations of sociopathy are nothing more than carefully crafted walls of a facade set in place for self-preservation.”
“I see,” Mycroft said, beginning to put the groceries away.
The boy (and the man) hated apologies.  Mycroft hoped this one would not become a drawn out ordeal.  He was relieved when Sherlock did not put up a fight but came closer to where John lay with his head on Mycroft’s shoulder.
“I’ll see what I can do, little pirate,” he said, smirking at Sherlock.
It was a lie when Sherlock said he hadn’t had to go badly.  He’d been feeling the need for the loo for over 45 minutes, and had needed to hold between his legs a time or two during his tantrum to keep from leaking.  His bladder had been ever-present during his spanking, and he’d needed to shift up onto his knees to keep his bladder from pressing sharply against Mycroft’s lap.  He wouldn’t be able to hold it much longer, he knew.
He sighed, dropping his phone into the cup holder of the center console and feeling younger than ever.
“God knows where my little brother got the proclivity,” Mycroft mused.  “Anything else?”
It's been far too long and you've all been very, very patient--I apologize for the delay and thank you all for your kind comments from the last chapter (and for whispered for checking in on me--you're so sweet)!  This chapter has given me a ton of trouble and I've been working a lot on some other projects which have taken up a lot of my free time, but I finally got around to updating!
He was aged up again in just a moment, angry by the time he burst into the flat that plans had been made behind his back.  He shoved open the door and refused to acknowledge the voice in the back of his mind explaining that the plans had been set in place for his own good, that Mycroft usually knew best.
Sherlock looked up at Mycroft with confusion when he held out a pair of dinosaur briefs instead of a new pull-up.
“I’m sorry!” Bunny cried, trying to scramble closer into Mycroft’s hold, pressing his face against his neck.  “I didn’t mean to!”
“I’m thirsty,” Sherlock tried halfheartedly, lifting his gaze towards John.
, Mycroft sent.
“I really have to go potty,” Bunny said when Sherlock turned to see why he had stopped moving.  Bunny started to cry audibly as he felt a spurt of pee wet his pull-up.  He pressed between his legs and held himself.  “I can't hold it anymore,” he said.
He began the level over again, determined that hold off a trip to the loo until he’d beaten the jungle level and moved onto the cave.  He was proving something to himself.  Proving he was big enough to hold it through the level, big enough to set his own bathroom schedule.  Proving he didn’t have to obey a silly chart which told him when to go.
Mycroft got Sherlock to sleep rather quickly, the boy already tired from the hot cocoa and the cold medicine he had found in the downstairs bathroom cabinet.  Sherlock did ask for a story to be read to him before he’d fallen asleep, and Mycroft had found one of the new pictures books he’d furnished Sherlock’s room with and sat beside him in bed to read to the boy.
As he climbed the steps to their flat, he shoved the idea of even that small amount of comfort out of his mind.  He didn’t need age play.  There were Sherlock’s tasks to complete.  God knew John had felt enough incompetence within the past few days to last him years; if he could help to finalize the case now, even in a small way, he would be grateful.  Sure enough, as he reached the landing in front of the door of 221b, his phone chimed with a text from Sherlock.
His brother was desperate for answers, and his egocentrism assured he’d look for validation regarding whatever memories had come to light.  John was generally so impressed with Sherlock’s powers of deduction that he had ceased questioning them.  If Mycroft played his cards well, he could convince Sherlock and John that Sherlock had stumbled upon the salient facts without having to pass along every grim detail.  He just had to ensure Sherlock did not realize the ploy.
“Okay,” Bunny said, voice quiet.  He lay close against Mycroft and pulled his knees up towards his chest.
“Eventually, Ma made us stop because the backyard was nothing more than a muddy mess,” he said with the breath of a laugh, relieved when Bunny giggled, too.
Bunny ducked his head as Daddy pulled a blanket over each boy, settled himself back between them, and leaned down to kiss Bunny’s head.  Bunny pulled away from his Daddy’s kiss.  He knew he was trying to thank him for being good and letting Sherlock have his way, but Bunny didn’t want to be thanked.  He had given in to keep Daddy happy,  but he was also tired of having to always be the one to give in, was tired of doing things to make others feel good when they only made him feel sad.
Sherlock nodded and told Bunny he would get him.  His countenance was chagrined, as if he now fully realized the role he’d played in Bunny’s distress.  Sherlock turned to start down the stairs, but before he got very far, they heard Mycroft calling.  It was clear the adults had already heard Bunny’s cries, and they were up the attic steps before Sherlock was halfway down them.
“Be right there, Sherlock,” Mycroft called over his shoulder through the doorway joining the two bedrooms as he pulled the blankets up to Bunny’s chin.
“Uncle Greg didn’t throw them away?” John asked, eyes wide with hope.
“No,” Greg told him, pleased to be able to answer a question with such an easy, straightforward answer.  “Mycroft and I care for Sherlock and John.  I enjoy providing for them, being there for them to help them find a childhood neither of them had.  I don’t feel the need to regress in age the way they do.”
“I’ll make breakfast,” Greg said.  It sounded rather pathetic, especially given that it was 3:15 in the morning, but Mycroft looked relieved.  Greg had known the man would prefer to have time alone with his brother.  “Yell if you need anything,” Greg said, kissing Mycroft on the cheek.
But his Daddy stood from his spot on the couch and was too focused on gathering a sleeping Sherlock into his arms to do anything more than half-glance towards Bunny.
“The baby couldn’t sleep,” Sherlock whispered.  “He was crying so I rubbed his back and recited the periodic table for him for a while, but it didn’t stop him crying..”
“None of that,” Mycroft said, clucking his tongue as he nodded towards Sherlock.  “You’re too old for that, now.”
“Don’t need one,” Bunny said absently, intent on tracing the events of the film as Scrooge was taken into his past.
His parents’ house at the holidays was always the same, all lit fireplaces and twinkling lights and peppermint hot chocolate.  It was an environment that, in other circumstances, may have been a comforting respite from the chaos of the cases he and John had just finished.  But, at the moment, it was an environment that did nothing to alleviate the burgeoning little headspace Sherlock had been fighting since the night before, when John had pulled the test tubes from his hands to make him go pack a suitcase, giving him a quick swat on the arse as he went since the doctor had been asking for the better part of two hours.
“I’ll be back soon,” Greg said as he turned to head out of the dingy room.  “We’ll finish up and head home, okay?”
Sherlock took two large bites and nodded.  “Yeah-huh.  And probably lots of dead fish because lakes are prone to bacterial disease.”
“Yeah, bud?” he asked, testing out a pet name to gauge Sherlock’s headspace.
“That’s a good boy,” Mycroft said, taking the kitchen timer John held out to him and setting it for five minutes.  “Time can start now.”
John nodded his head.  John, when in headspace, was rarely without his thumb in his mouth.  Sherlock continued to be chastised for the act, but even Sherlock understood why John was not.  There were different rules for different children, even in the same household, Mycroft had explained to them.  Sherlock wanted and needed to be put in his place far more often than John.
Sherlock sniffled and wiped his eyes on his striped long-sleeved shirt, the sleeves of which were pulled down over Sherlock’s hands, which were balled into fists and pressed to his chest.  John had purchased the shirt for Sherlock only weeks before, and already Sherlock had dubbed it his pirate shirt.  There was always a fight when it became necessary to wash the shirt while Sherlock was still in little space, but Mycroft had always insisted on cleanliness.
“Another?” the bartender asked after some time, when she came to clear John’s barely-eaten plate of food.  He’d had three already, but he nodded.
“You doing alright?” Greg asked after he’d helped him climb to the ground, still holding his hand.
Sherlock shook his head and moved--half dressed--to the dresser on the other side of the room.
On his way out of the bedroom, Mycroft bent on the other side of the bed to straighten Sherlock’s tangled bed clothes.
John let the front door close heavily.  He stood on the front step of Mycroft’s flat, breathing in the crisp air by way of grounding himself, of settling his nerves.  Summer was settling into fall, and John was pleased that the day was hinting towards chilly; the hint of cold in the air settled into his lungs and reminded him to breathe.  He was not entirely sure what had just transpired, what was clearly still transpiring, and he felt unmoored, mind muddled.
“Ah, I see,” Mycroft said, before pulling the toy away from Sherlock once and for all.
Sherlock had tried all he could to keep from feeling young the night before, but his mind had been a messy jumble of missing Dimitri, longing for a pacifier, and feeling shame over such a strong desire for his comfort items.  Not to mention he was scared to death he’d slip up and pee in bed if he fell asleep.
Sherlock’s throat was raw from crying by the time he heard footsteps on the staircase.  There was a moment of panic where he curled up tighter into a ball and shifted partially beneath the bed, worried it was Mycroft coming to check in on him.  But the footsteps on the staircase were slow and heavy, not Mycroft’s quick and purposeful gait.  Papa was home, and was likely carrying Bunny.  Sherlock felt his heart pounding.  He was desperate for someone to find him but dreading the moment it would happen.
“Okay, love,” he said, turning the key in the ignition before twisting over his shoulder to catch John’s teary gaze.  “Let’s get you home to Daddy and Sherlock, okay?”
“‘M sorry I got in a fight,” Bunny said when the tears had started to clear up.  “Didn’t mean to.”
Sherlock had truly come a long way in the short time since Bunny had been introduced into their little world of ageplay.  John’s little side had come with its share of challenges for all involved, but Mycroft had never before seen Sherlock so consistently open, so frequently receptive to affection and expressions of endearment.  It used to be that Sherlock only accepted attention that was tied to discipline; Bunny had taught him that, from time to time, there was nothing wrong with wanting to be loved.
“Accidents mean ‘x’es on the chart,” Sherlock explained.  “You’d be disappointed.  You always said so.”
Two chapters for you in one day because I've been so infrequent with updating.
John looked worried, his face paling.  It was clear he was prepared for the worst, clear he was steeling himself in case Mycroft told him he no longer wanted to care for the boy.
“What is it, Bunny?” Daddy asked from his position pacing the hallway.  His voice was tight, the way grown-ups sounded when they were trying to pretend they weren’t angry or upset.
Sherlock had had enough.  He yanked his body away from Papa’s touch, flailing to kick at Papa and reaching out to hit his arms away.
There was a part of John which thought about waking Mycroft and asking him to talk through the doubts and confusion roaming around his mind regarding this desire to lose control, to sink lower.  But he knew already what Mycroft would tell him, could imagine the man’s words from the first night John had called him Daddy, the night Greg had babysat and John had wet himself on the couch: it’s fine.  It’s all fine.  And, for the first time, John could see himself believing that this was true.  If he wanted to wet his pants when he was Bunny, if he had desires only half-formed in his mind about being potty trained and taken by his Daddy to use the loo because it would help him feel less in control and thus less adult, what did it matter?  He wasn’t hurting anyone, and Mycroft and Greg were more than understanding.
It was only a moment later that John’s bladder released and he began peeing his pants full-force.  John stopped breathing and did not make a sound as he wet himself.  The hand between his legs became soaked in warmth as urine spread through his underwear and into his pajama pants.  He knew he should tell Greg, knew he should get up off the couch, but instead he remained as still and as quiet as possible, flooding his pants and the couch cushion and feeling, more than anything, content.
“Alright, up you go, bud.”
“Try to get some rest,” Mycroft said, brushing the curls from the boy’s forehead in a reciprocal show of gentleness.  “I’ll wake you when we’re close.”
“You’ll just get a new pull-up and it will all be okay,” Sherlock said, obviously unsettled by the unrelenting sound of Bunny’s sobbing.  “I’ll say it was my fault.”
“You never asked for this,” John said.
“Lock?” Mycroft tried, and Sherlock turned to hide his face again, because this time he wasn't able to keep himself from starting to cry.
He’d been planning what he wanted to say in the event Mycroft came to check up on him.  He’d known it was a distinct possibility, particularly given the anger Greg had shown in the moments before John had retreated from the kitchen.  And while it would have been far easier to talk with Greg--understanding, progressive, supportive Greg, John knew it was important that he and Mycroft get on the same page, that they find a way to move forward without any lingering unease.
Mycroft seemed to understand what was happening even before Sherlock was finished.  His hand paused for a moment where it had been rubbing along Sherlock’s shoulder blades, but he soon began again, and Sherlock assumed, if anything, he was probably relieved.  He must know Sherlock had to be particularly young if he was wetting himself while straddling his brother’s lap.
Bunny ducked his head, hunched where he stood as he pulled at the bottom of his t-shirt, holding Willa in one arm.  He really should have stopped in the loo on his way down the hallway; the attention and the embarrassment were making him squirm.
Greg pulled him closer, wrapping his arms around his body.
“You’re going to have a hell of a time getting them to sleep,
The first time Mycroft had led Sherlock into headspace, the night he was staying at Mycroft’s house while in those early stages of withdrawal from the drugs he'd been addicted to at uni, Sherlock felt more comfort than he had in years, and for the first time in a long time, he recalled the feeling of those nights from his childhood and high school years when he'd gone to Mycroft with wet pants.  It was clear Mycroft remembered them as well, clear that with a bit more introspection and contemplation he had come to realize just how much they had meant for his little brother, perhaps had even come to realize how much they meant to himself.
“That said,” Mycroft continued, stepping closer towards Sherlock as he shifted back into a tone of no-nonsense sternness.  “You know self-harm of any kind is an unacceptable response to distress, and something about which we need to have a conversation.”
“Five more minutes?” He asked.  “Please, Uncle Greg?  This is one of the best parts of the movie.  I’ll go after this part, I promise.”
Bunny nodded absent-mindedly, and Greg asked him to be very quiet as they entered Sherlock’s room and Greg lay Bunny down on the opposite side of the bed from Sherlock.  Bunny’s bed was a twin bed, which Mycroft had more than likely chosen in order to keep the boy from feeling lonely when sleeping in his own room, but Sherlock’s was a full, with plenty of space for both boys.  Bunny always slept with Sherlock when they were at Baker street, and Mycroft must have anticipated that habit had not been entirely broken with their separate beds at the lake house.
As a result, I've unfortunately thrown you all back into angst by the end of this chapter.  I've given you some cute baby Sherlock in the middle to hopefully make you smile, but I'm afraid Bunny's day is going to end with just as much difficultly as it began.  Hopefully all will be resolved soon!
Sherlock nodded, taking in the information.  Bunny was falling asleep, his head lolling on Uncle Greg’s shoulder, but Sherlock could see he was trying to wake himself to listen to the conversation which had just begun.
He envied John the ability to slip down so quickly.  He also could not help but feel a sense of guilt; he knew John must have been exhausted after keeping 24-hour watch over Sherlock for the past three days.  It was no wonder he released himself from the bulk of responsibility as soon as he knew Sherlock was being looked after well.  Sherlock could see the dark circles under John’s eyes even as he slept with the Peter Rabbit pacifier snugly between his lips, had noticed them, too, last night, after John had fallen asleep in Sherlock’s bed.
“It’s alright, Mycroft,” he said, characteristically forgiving the moment he was confronted with kindness.
Mycroft was doing well; he always knew just how to help Sherlock slip when he felt unable to.  The younger man pressed his face into the car seat and waited for the first strike.  It came quickly and harshly, Mycroft’s hand smacking against his bare skin.  Mycroft began high up, just below Sherlock’s lower back.  Sherlock yelped and, after recovering for a moment, began counting.  Mycroft’s spanking moved down Sherlock’s bottom until he was hitting right against his seat, always the most painful for Sherlock.
He could have easily dressed himself, but there was retribution in asking Uncle Greg for help even while he ignored and refused help from Mycroft.
“I do,” he said.  “Very much.”
“Let’s get you out of these yucky jeans and undies, okay?”
“Needed to stay little,” Sherlock mumbled quietly, attention on the plastic shark, making it eat his fingers.  “But I’m not a baby.”
Whether it was because Greg’s tone of voice was just this side of parental or because John was already feeling himself going stir-crazy cooped up in Mycroft’s kitchen after the invasive nightmares of the night before, John didn’t know, but he found himself standing from his chair as Greg turned to leave, causing the man to turn back around with a questioning glance.
“I was so naughty, Bunny,” Sherlock said.  “I was mean and I shouldn’t have torn up your dollies, and I’m so, so sorry.”
There was a moment before Mycroft seemed to understand.
Mycroft smirked, sipping his tea.
“Gregory, Bunny deliberately disobeyed me,” Mycroft said, gesturing towards the bathroom with a jerk of his arm.
If there was one thing John had practice at, it was doing things to please Sherlock.  Greg disliked that the man often did things for Sherlock at the expense of his own needs, and he and Mycroft had been slowly working on that with the kid, but, for now, it gave him an excuse to cheer his boy up, and he would take it.
It was just as Mycroft was putting Bunny down for a nap that Sherlock began waking up from his, whining and fussing from the other room as if sensing his brother was close by.
“You don’t like me, anymore,” he cried, unable to keep himself from giving into the desperate need for his brother’s reassurance.  But the words were mumbled into the crook of his arm, and Mycroft could not have understood.  Which was for the best, as far as Sherlock was concerned, considering the words brought a blush to his cheeks and sent him into louder, hitching cries.
!  I promise I haven't forgotten about the one-shot, which I will do my best to post by tomorrow night.
“For now, how about a bath and then some clean ‘jammies? Does that sound nice?”
It had been an embarrassing challenge to put on what he knew to be a not so convincing act of littleness in Mycroft’s presence.  John had by no means been young when he had shown up in the master bedroom to tell Mycroft Sherlock was ready to chat with him; aging down took time for John, far longer than it generally did for Sherlock, whom John had seen shift from adult to child in mere seconds.  John had only been ageplaying for a very short time, something Mycroft often reminded him when he felt confused or upset by his time as a little, and he held more reservations.  John still needed long moments--sometimes hours--to fully get himself out of the way and accept a more child-like state.
“Uncle Greg and I think it might be good for you to keep learning how to be little without Sherlock, and one small step we can take to start that process is to try sleeping in separate rooms.”
“No,” Sherlock whined, but Mycroft shushed him with a none of that, now, and Sherlock relented, allowing himself to be pulled onto his lap.  He could not keep the tears from forming, and he decided to stop fighting, turning his face into Mycroft’s shoulder as he cried.
“We wouldn't want any more accidents,” he said, and felt a stab of smug pleasure when John blushed brightly and cleared his throat.
“Ah, none of that, now,” Mycroft said, catching Sherlock’s eye from across the kitchen and crossing the room with a wet dishcloth.  “That’s dirty.”
Sherlock cheered, and Bunny--who had never seen the elaborate nature of Mycroft’s blanket forts--seemed to catch Sherlock’s excitement, pausing as he reached for his sippy cup of milk to express his approval.
Sherlock never bothered to lock the door, and often became annoyed when John did because it often meant Sherlock was locked out whenever he inevitably forgot his key.  But it was clear that Sherlock did not want to be bothered at the moment.
And then, in the midst of Bunny’s wailing sobs, Mycroft finally understood what was upsetting the boy.
They’d been so busy getting the kids inside and settled down into headspace that they’d had very little time to acknowledge each other.  Greg had been looking forward to spending the evening with the boys, of course, but he’d been longing for the companionship of Mycroft in a different, more reassuring, way.  It was always a comfort to know he wasn’t alone.
“Damn,” he said, both guilty and angry at himself for not seeing.  “I should have realized.”
Greg sighed, turning to face the boy.
“Now, I think it’s time we go see what your brother and Daddy are up to, don’t you?” Greg asked, cheering the boy up by tickling him along the ribcage.  John squealed with laughter and squirmed away from Greg, who cornered him and continued to tickle.
"I'm sorry, John," he said.  "But I need Mycroft.  I'm...there's something wrong.  Call Mycroft."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yes, sweetheart," he said.  "You know it's against the rules to use your fists instead of your words."
“I’ll make sure he knows I’m available to him,” Mycroft said after they had finished the dishes in silence.
John nodded and yawned, then let Mycroft dress him in a blue sweater he often wore when little because it was oversized and soft.
The challenges were not over, and Sherlock certainly would not learn to think before he spoke or to more cognizantly trace chains of events before they led to frustrated outbursts in the course of one conversation, but John was convinced there had been some progress made.  If nothing else, he was relieved his female self was no longer stifled beneath layers of uncertainty and fear, relieved he felt free to act upon his feelings and personalities.
“I’ll speak with him,” Mycroft said.  “Your thumb is raw from sucking and I think you’d enjoy the pacifier.  I know you’re not a baby, and you can believe me.”
The boy seemed to have lost his ability to speak, but he nodded, fingers in his mouth, and stepped back to give John space to step into the room.
“Daddy, are you sad?” Bunny asked as Mycroft washed his hands in the bathroom sink.
Sherlock did not move.  He knew Mycroft was serious and that he would only increase his punishment were he to dawdle.  He also knew a spanking was the best path towards headspace at the moment.  But pride was a hard thing to shake.
He pulled away from Greg’s chest, smoothing his hair and standing a bit taller.
“No,” Bunny whined, sniffling.  “I want that.”
Mycroft sighed, placing the telly remote on the kitchen table beside scattered puzzle pieces as he sunk into a chair beside Greg.
John furrowed his eyebrows and re-read the text, not understanding what Sherlock was on about.  He began drafting a short-tempered response, annoyed with Sherlock out for always providing the least amount of information in the most cryptic of ways in order to stroke his own ego.  As he was editing out three swear words, another text came through.
“It’s embarrassing,” he said, squirming a bit on the kitchen chair.  He pulled the baby blanket tighter around his shoulders.
“You can be little if you want to be,” Bunny said.  He turned over his shoulder towards Greg.  “Right, Papa?” he asked, and Greg nodded.
“We named her after me, like my middle name, William,” Sherlock said.
“Daddy, Sherlock pinched me,” Bunny said in an attempt to turn his Daddy’s loving affection away from little Sherlock.  He held out his forearm, pointing to where he could almost imagine a small red mark left by Sherlock’s grasping fingers.
Although he disliked seeing the man looking so upset and vulnerable, he had to admit it was a relief to see John in his smaller headspace.  Mycroft had been worried since leaving him earlier that evening.  Now, at the sight of his youngest kid, the weight of stress he’d been bearing began to slip away.
“Just have a seat,” Greg said, pulling out a chair at the table and walking to the other side to take a seat himself.
The boy was obviously not in a space where he was able or willing to talk about his feelings.  It was very possible the boy himself hadn’t been able to put his emotions fully into words up to that point.  After all, John generally processed his emotions about headspace while adult, discussing his feelings with Mycroft over late night tea or whiskey.  There had not been a chance for John and Mycroft to discuss what John was thinking through since they’d all gone back to their everyday lives after the weekend at the lake.
John’s midsection was filled with a pleasing warmth at the prospect of being a ‘good boy.’  And Sherlock was right; usually, even after a nap John’s bladder seemed to need emptying.  He sat up on his knees and closed his eyes, focusing on the steady back and forth of Sherlock’s fingertips softly stroking his forearm.
“Now,” his Daddy said, standing from the kitchen table and turning towards the cabinets.  “You need to apologize to your baby brother.  And it’s time for some more medicine.”
He squirmed away from Papa’s long reach and glanced up towards Mycroft, who had always been the enforcer of rules pertaining to Sherlock’s eating habits.
“That’s okay, buddy,” Greg said, attempting to mask his frustration as he hoisted himself out of bed with a groan.
“Sorry about that, Bunny.  I’ll just go and wait for the take-away to arrive while you get dressed, okay?”
Greg nodded, a bit pained that Mycroft was speaking to him now as he did when they were working together professionally, yet understanding the need for urgency and pragmatism.
Bunny seemed not to hear as he was led away, his eyes lingering on the bunny nightgown even as they walked towards the women’s section.  Greg just prayed there would be something Bunny liked in a large enough size for him.
Sherlock nodded, settling down into headspace in the warmth and safety of his brother’s comfort.
Greg gave Bunny a few moments to process, but was relieved when his girl gave a quiet, “okay,” and pulled Willa closer to her chest.
He heard the scrape of a chair against the kitchen lino and then footsteps as the man crossed into the living room.
“Bored,” Sherlock drawled, sending one final and forceful kick against the back of Greg’s seat before dropping his feet down into the footwell of the car gracelessly.
John closed the space between himself and the door and pulled it open.
Sherlock glanced down at the tiles of the bathroom floor for a moment, pulling at his bottom lip with one hand.  When he shifted his gaze to John, there were tears in his eyes once more, and the boy was far too exhausted to do anything but let them spill onto his cheeks.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I want to go with Uncle Greg,” he said softly.
And so, because it was harder to admit what was really going on than it was to think that Bunny was taunting Sherlock for his inability to ask for what he needed, Sherlock turned his anger and frustration not at himself, but at Bunny.  Judging and snubbing and trying to make Bunny’s life more difficult had the dual benefits of lessening Bunny’s comfort--and thus decreasing the hostility Sherlock felt towards himself and his own inability to find comfort--while providing Sherlock with additional ways to misbehave--and thus gaining more opportunities for Mycroft and Papa Greg’s attention.
