It seemed as if days had gone by, before John came home. John had barely taken off his coat, when Sherlock jumped up and announced, “John, I’m bored. I’ve called a servant girl over and I want to have a three way.”
“The East Wind game.”
The clerk’s eyes widened for a moment and then he handed over the key. When they got to the room, John had to open the door. Sherlock’s hands weren’t steady enough, after a few tries and much swearing Sherlock thrust the key into John’s hands. “Here open it.”
“No,” John cried as he rushed at the creature in fear and rage. John’s emotions got the better of him and as a result the Yoma quickly saw a weak place in John’s defense as its claws ripped his shoulder open. “Oh God,” John said as he sank to the ground in agony. The Yoma overcome with blood lust failed to notice Clare’s approach until it was too late. With a clean, thwack sound she sliced the Yoma’s head off its shoulders. The spurting head rolled across the courtyard in a grotesque windmill motion, until it flopped, unmoving against the wall.
I flatten myself against the wall when you walk by. Once you have left I breeze into the kitchen. “Good morning, Mrs. Hudson, how are you?”
It seemed like hours later when Sherlock returned, discretely helped John into a pair of pajamas, and finally settled him comfortably in the bed.
The rebuff hurts even in my drug induced state. “Fine,” I say. You turn the water back on. I sit down on the toilet, my butt cheeks slid on the seat. My groin aches with desire. I hate myself as silent tears flow down my cheeks. I reach between my legs, to relieve the unrequited tension that coils within me.
“John , oh God, John wherever did you learn where….” His voice trailed off as John’s tongue found another spot. Sherlock felt the area in between his loins begin to tighten. John was taking his time and Sherlock wasn’t sure if it was pleasure or torture. John pushed Sherlock’s legs open a little wider, so that he had more room to maneuver. Sherlock’s cheeks were flushed and his eyes glazed over as John took him to the brink of sanity and back.
“Wiggins, shut up, I’m concentrating.”
With reluctance Sherlock dragged his attention from John and focused on Laura and Mycroft. “Well, what is the exact nature of this case?”
Sherlock nuzzled his neck. “This stuff will take you to Church and you’ll be glad of the journey.”
“So, what’s it doing here and how did Irene’s grandfather get it?” John asked.
John smiled as he looked up at Sherlock. “You look sexy in that desert garb.”
“Sherlock, everything is going to be fine,” John said as he gently coaxed Sherlock’s tense body into a state of arousal with his hands, his legs and his mouth, until they were both inside out and outside in, until they were one.
“No, and that’s odd, don’t you think?” Mrs. Hudson asked while she searched the kitchen for errant tea cups.
John laughed and when the laughter died on his lips he became lost in the depths of Sherlock’s eyes.
“Mine is safer so we shall stay there,” Mycroft said as he poured himself a scotch.
We are at a bridge. I want to cross it, but I don’t know how. I hang my head in cowardice.
“Ouuu,” Jake said as he turned his face away from the severed head.
“Sherlock? Sherlock?” a voice calls.
“Sherlock, what are you up to?”
John snuggled closer to Sherlock. “Yes, my beautiful, smart detective.”
John held the white cardigan up that had been Sherlock’s Grandmother’s, “Oh, so that’ why my letters came back. I’m so sorry Sherlock.”
“What if I disappear out of his life again?”
I look at you. Your hair is fluffy and your tongue is stuck just a little over your upper lip. Jesus, do you even have a clue what that does to me? In order to curb my emotions I lash out at you. “John, you’re not trying hard enough. I swear Anderson could do a better job at finding a case than you. Come on; get your head in the game.” I shout. My words have the desired effect.
Sherlock watched as John departed and wasn’t sure whether he was turned on or angry. “Angry sex with John,” Sherlock thought as he felt that warm pinching feeling pool around his lower extremities. “Oh John, I need you for a sec.” Sherlock called out.
I walk down the stairs and freeze at the sight before me. Anderson and you are making out. You see me out of the corner of your eye, then tilt your head so that I can get a better look at the tongue action going on. I take a step forward, then the room tilts around me.
“John, I am here. Here, touch me.” Then he unbuttoned his shirt, allowing John to feel the alabaster skin that lay hidden beneath the purple soft fabric.
“Sherlock, everything is going to be okay. I will be with you every step of the way,” John says as he fingers my boney wrist.
Sherlock licked his lips with one nervous swipe and said, “Umm, I know of a better way to relax that is umm if you want to.”
Four Weeks Later-London
John’s face colored slightly, “Yes, and whom do I have the pleasure of addressing?”
I tie off my arm and then plunge the needle into a bluish vein. I stumble backwards and fall into bed. I smile as my senses fade into oblivion.
Sherlock materialized beside Mycroft. “It’s fine, Mycroft. All of that was ages ago.”
John went into the tiny chapel, crossed himself and knelt down in front of the little altar, as he looked up the sun from a small window lit up his face, and it was this ethereal setting that Sherlock saw, as he watched John from the doorway for a moment and then slowly he walked in, crossed himself and knelt down at the altar beside John and for once in his life, Sherlock felt in awe of another human being as he prayed beside John. After a few moments of prayerful silence, Sherlock and John went into the house where Sherlock’s grandma was setting out tea things. John rushed forward to help Sherlock’s grandma as she attempted to carry the tea tray to a small table.
“No, but you’re not as good as I am.”
John blushed. “I’m starting to drool like an old poodle.”
“I can’t kill the creature because its John…John has become a full Yoma-a demon.” Sherlock said just before he passed out.
“Sherlock, come away from the window. Get dressed and quit feeling sorry for yourself, brother dear.”
John took an edge of the sheet and wiped Sherlock’s tears. “My poor darling, Sherlock, tell me who they are and I will make sure that they will regret ever being born.”
Mycroft looked down at his hands, attempting to evade the question. “Sherlock, it’s…
I attack him with my full arsenal. I pull at the cuff. “You think this is good for me? What do you know? You’ve become just like him,” I say as I point to Mycroft.
“Sherlock, are you alright?” Lestrade asks in concern as he leads me to the shade.
“Well, Sherlock are we going back to Baker Street or do you want time alone to go to your mind palace?”
“John, are you okay?”
Sherlock snapped his head around to face her, “What interview?”
By the time Sherlock, joined John in bed he was somewhat calm, only losing his composure when his cold hands touched the warm skin on John’s stomach. Once again Sherlock’s face turned red as his breathing became ragged and uneven.
Mycroft claps a hand on my shoulder. “Well, brother mine, it seems as if you’ve saved us all once again.”
I sigh. “Too bad, next time think it through. We could have had mind-blowing sex after getting high.”
John chuckled in between licks. “See that proves your dead, you never called me darling John.”
“To Baker Street?”
Clare thought for a moment and then looked back at John. “John, you have two choices. You can take your own life, or have someone take it for you, or you can have Sherlock put under a guard to keep him from following us.”
When the little party finally arrived at the gates of Asmat, John was amazed, for the wrought iron gates were covered with dragon sculptures and it seemed as if the dragons moved and slithered around each other. John stepped forward to get a closer look but on closer inspection the dragons were made of iron; nothing more. As the gates cranked open the shaman, John and Sherlock made their way into the city; and as they left the gates behind John could have sworn he heard a hissing sound behind him. There was no time for contemplation; however for there in the center of the city was Ratherty and another dragon, which could only be her mate. Ratherty spotted John and slowly made her way over to where he stood with her mate in tow.
John looked down at the chair and pointed, “Umm, problem.”
At the Crime Scene
Sherlock held John against his chest and carried him to the nearest pool of water. With care Sherlock filled his canteen with the cool liquid and drizzled it over John’s feverish skin. “Oh, how touching,” Laura said as she squatted down beside Sherlock. “You know Sherlock I should be angry at you.”
“John, you can stop fussing. I can make it up the stairs on my own,” I say as I weave on the walk just outside 221b Baker Street.
The journey home goes by in a somnambulant haze. I crave the needle. My hand shakes for it. Tonight is definitely a danger night. I smoke one cigarette after another.You say nothing. We enter Baker Street in silence. You barely mutter a “Good-night” and then you run upstairs.
Then his heart rate spiked. “John, is he…”
They both looked at Molly, while she played in the front with a small golden haired child.
“John? John? JOHN,” the Shaman said as he tried to bring John back to the present.
You look at me. “I know you’re bored, but quit being so cryptic. Valentine’s Day only comes once a year. Try to enjoy it.”
Clare mockingly bowed in acknowledgement and then smiled at John. Sherlock looked from one to the other. He didn’t like how they seemed to have some sort of secret connection. “Can I be jealous?” Sherlock thought.
Confusion settles over me, like it always does in these types of situations. “What, no good?”
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
Sherlock’s eyes flew open and he gripped John’s forearms tighter when he felt a brush against his prostrate.
Sherlock’s next sentence came out in a hurried breath. “John, please I want to feel you in me.” Sherlock said as he looked up at John. His hair was plastered to his forehead in a sweaty mass and his facial expression was relaxed and yet full of tense need at the same time.
As Sherlock waved good-by, it would be the last time he would see his grandma and as if she sensed it she blew Sherlock a kiss and shouted out as loud as she could muster, ”Sherlock, I love you.”
“Yes,” he slurred back.
Sherlock’s face turned red and then he said in a childlike voice, “I’m already two steps ahead of you…I mean that…I just don’t want you to see…”
He kissed John on the side of the cheek then smiled. “Fine, I’ll draw up a payment of contract.”
“I don’t understand why all of you except Clare had such a bad reaction to the portal. I came through it pretty easily.” John thought for a moment and then shrugged. “Oh, well, it’s just one of those mysteries I suppose.”
“Yes?”
6 Months Later
John smiled as he thought of Sherlock’s desperation to find a room the previous night. After making several inquiries in the local dialect, Sherlock finally found them a place to stay. John had looked at the outside of the hotel with misgivings. “Sherlock, this place doesn’t look very sanitary or safe.”
“But it wasn’t enough.”
This time was different John didn’t check with Sherlock at all. Gasping with pain and pleasure Sherlock thought if he died tonight he wouldn’t care, after all he and John would be together in whatever after life there was, so what would it matter if his mortal body died. His heart was soul were tied to John forever.  New physical sensations threatened to overwhelm Sherlock’s ability to process each event, until finally Sherlock let himself be dominated by John. “How ever did John learn how to do all these wonderful things?” Sherlock thought just before he passed out.
Clare leaned forward, moving her face so close that she was almost touching Sherlock’s nose. “Sherlock, I need you to help me find the Golem. My tracking abilities are somewhat limited in your world, so I require assistance. I was told you are the best detective in the city, is that a fact, Sherlock?” The tone of her voice was soft and musical, yet no one could doubt that it conveyed power.
Sherlock sat down on the ground with a heavy thud. “Well, we aren’t going to find out anything locked up down here. Is there any way you can spring us, An?”
For a second John fantasized what it would feel like to crush Sherlock’s windpipe. The realization of what he was doing finally dawned on John and he let go of Sherlock. “Sherlock, what have I done?” John cried as he gently helped Sherlock sit up.
John moved his legs apart, giving Sherlock easy access. “I’m not hungry for that kind of food, but I will be by dinner time.”
Sherlock came off to the world as an uncaring machine but as he held John in his arms his sensitive nature released itself-freedom. His green eyes bored into John’s in awe at the miracle he held in his arms-John. Without a word Sherlock washed John’s face with a cool cloth, letting his nimble fingers rub the knot of tension out of his neck.
“Sherlock, quit being so dramatic, you’re going to be fine.”
“Sherlock, can you hear me? It’s me, John. Sherlock, answer me,” John’s frantic voice called Sherlock into the present.
John smiled sadly at Sherlock as he was a small child,”Sherlock, the dragons made it clear that the sacrifice must be made here. After all can you imagine Mrs. Hudson doing battle against a golem?” John asked as he lightly ran a finger underneath Sherlock’s chin.
John nodded, “We should make a plan B in case one of us can’t make it. You know something dire, unavoidable”
“What do you need my phone for?” I ask as we limp closer to Donavan.
Once inside I wank one off, muffling my groans in a towel. I then wash up and open the door. You are standing there with that look on your face.
John shivered for it was late afternoon and as the sun began to go down the chill of night slowly descended upon them. “Are you cold, dear?” Sherlock’s grandma asked as she pulled a man’s white cardigan from the back of a chair. “Here dear, wear this.”
“I’ve got your number, you little shit,” John said as he held me tighter. “You wanted a reaction from me. So, fine I will surprise you. Just be careful what you ask for, Sherlock,” John hissed as he pulled on the back of my hair until I yelped.
I expect your eyes to be full of hate and anger. They aren’t. “Sherlock, you just don’t get it do you?”
I arrive at the murder scene and am surprised when Anderson falls in step with me. “Did you sleep alright?” He whispers just before we duck under the yellow police tape.
John shook his head again, “No, if I let you help me out, he wouldn’t like it and if I got well and left you for him, you wouldn’t like it. Plus, it’s enough that you’re flying back to London with me. Not to mention the job you got me as a consulting physician job in a clinic.”
After I get instructions on where the crime scene is located, I end the call without saying goodbye. “John, can you have Mrs. Hudson watch Alice? I think we may have a case. Isn’t it glorious?”
I let my robe fall open and flutter to the ground. I then put my coat on and stand before you. You let me watch as you work yourself. I move forward to touch you. “Stop, stay right there,” you command. When you are through you beckon for me to come forward. I tremble, for I get the distinct impression that you are not going to be gentle.
John smiled his most dazzling smile as he said, “Oh, thank you that would be super.”
Sherlock looked over at John, his breath catching in his throat and his voice crackling from disuse, “I’m not hungry, but I do have to pee.”
“An something is happening to make John this way.” Sherlock said as he pointed to where John stood.
I go over the crime scene, with you trailing in my wake. Anderson, stays hunched over in the corner, picking at some organic material that is stuck to the wall. He doesn’t look up when I pass him. I ignore him and squat down to examine the machete.
I turn away from you till I am no longer facing you. “I gave you a miracle. You gave me nothing.” I whisper.
Sherlock smiled, and when he smiled John basked in its warmth. “John, be careful what you wish for my love.” John traced his dry lips with an index finger. “Ssh, Mycroft and I are here.” Then John looked up at Mycroft. “I think he’s going to be fine, but I want to get him to hospital just in case.”
The internal conflict raged within him, then he sighed, noting the sound the pill made when it clattered against the rest of its counterparts.
John snugged closer to Sherlock, “Sherlock, I love having you here, but aren’t you going to blow your cover by showing up to work late?”
Laura feigned surprise, “Why John you cut me to the quick. Do you honestly think I would physically hurt someone or kill them?”
Sherlock pulled John from the back seat, gathering him in his arms, holding him tight against his chest. “Sssh, you’re going to wake John and by the way I never told you that I would leave so much as a schilling to you.”
“Oh, quit sniveling and get me the strychnine.”
I nod. “Good, I’ll need him for research.”
Sherlock jumped in bed and held the covers up for John. John willingly slipped in beside Sherlock. In a few moments John forgot his nightmare as Sherlock encircled him in an embrace. “John, where were you, tonight?” Sherlock murmured.
John walked over and knocked Sherlock’s legs to the ground, “Show some respect, Sherlock. Mycroft, Molly, and Mrs. Hudson are all at risk, for all I know they are dead already.”
John’s face looked like he had been slapped. “Sherlock, we can’t wait for the snow storm to let up. We are leaving tomorrow for battle and since you aren’t taking this whole thing seriously, you can just remain here.”
She bites her lower lip. “Are you ready?”
“You didn’t finish,” I say.
“Sherlock, you just put that wheel chair in the path of an oncoming auto.”
Sherlock peered at John as if he were an insect under a microscope, “You say that the pain…isn’t that bad…. No, by my calculations you are in pain 86.5 percent of the time.” Sherlock smiled, pleased with himself for figuring out the answer so quickly and then the ramification of his deduction hit him full force and Sherlock felt as if someone had punched him in the stomach.
Sherlock glanced over at him noting how pale and worried he looked. “I’m fine. You look exhausted. Let’s get you to bed.” He started to hook up John’s motorized wheelchair device, then John stopped him.
John nodded for the pain was becoming so intense that he didn’t trust himself to speak. Sherlock jumped up from his chair with such energy that John envied how smooth Sherlock’s movements were, he then came around and pushed John’s wheelchair into the kitchen. After a few bewildering attempts of looking in the refrigerator, and saying things like, “Oh, I forgot about the spleen and damn Mrs. Hudson has been invading my privacy again for I felt certain there was a lung in here as well.” Sherlock bounced around the room and finally settled on a box of stale crackers and some tepid tea.
“I’m fine,” John snapped wondering when it was time to take another pain pill.
Even though Jake was supposed to be their guide he passively let John take on the leadership role, as the dragon uncoiled itself. She was a huge magnificent creature and Sherlock felt sad that dragons and humans could no longer interact. The dragon looked back to make sure that they were following her. Her large grief filled purple eyes settled on Sherlock. Sherlock felt fear as he realized that the grief in the dragon’s eyes was not for herself but for him. The dragon then looked away as they slowly began to make their way through the caves. No one spoke and after a while Sherlock lost track of the time. It seemed as if they were just going around in circles. Then Sherlock had a terrible thought. “What if the dragon is just trying to wear us down, so that she can kill and eat us?”
Sherlock looked down at his hands. “That is a distinct possibility.
I don’t answer.
There was a cave that was just visible beneath the snow and the boy motioned for Sherlock to follow him. When Sherlock entered the cave, the boy was nowhere to be seen and Sherlock thought, “Shit, the little termite is nowhere to be seen.” It was the last thing Sherlock felt before he fell down a shaft. Sherlock felt his stomach churn as he fell through the darkness and then he felt a pressure and a squeezing, then nothing.
John struggled against Clare and Sherlock and then he pulled himself off the woman and grabbed Sherlock by the throat and threw him to the ground. John wrapped his hands around Sherlock’s throat and began to choke him. “I have three seconds before I lose consciousness,” Sherlock thought as he struggled for air. “John, please stop,” Sherlock rasped.
“John, tomorrow I will give you the details of your game and you will also be initiated.” Laura said softly.
“The ark of the covenant.”
By the time they reached the flat, Sherlock was lucid and livid. “Mycroft, how could you have taken him there? I just needed a little boost to help clarify things in my mind and now you’ve put my husband at risk. Just look at his knee; its bleeding.”
Sherlock frowned. “What are you talking about? Explain, please.” He demanded.
Mycroft stopped pacing, then came to stand at the end of the bed. “So, Sherlock didn’t tell you everything about himself.”
I feel re-buffed. In anger I grab your hand and thrust it under my shirt. “Here,” I say as I move your fingers over the tip of my breast. I shiver under your touch. I am amazed how quickly my body jumps to attention for you, John. I move in closer to breathe in the intoxicating scent of your skin. My eyes flutter as I draw in a shaky breath. I want you to feel me so I grab a hold of your wrist. I want to force it down my pants. Your pupils are dilated as you wrench free. “Stop it, Sherlock,” you shout with a slight tremor in your voice.
The whole situation was surreal and Sherlock found himself wishing for a plain simple murder. “How are we supposed to help her?” Sherlock asked. For the first time he found himself way in over his head without a single idea.
I nod. “My first time was not of my choosing.”
After a small interval you come downstairs and we both look at our reflection in the mirror. We each have beanies on. I am wearing a hoodie. You are wearing a ripped up military jacket. We both wear baggy jeans. I have biker boots on. You have on your boots from Afghanistan. I smile at your reflection because I cannot bear to smile at you face to face.
Sherlock knew from John’s tone of voice that he had gone too far and yet it didn’t stop him from putting in one last jab at John as he left the room, “Whatever you say, John, for you always know best.”
Laura rolled her eyes, “Devin, you know how I hate that nick name. Now pay attention for our dear Doctor Watson is bored.  So, why don’t we relieve his ennui and let him play our little game?”
“I can’t say. Are you down in the shelter?”
Sherlock’s body twitched in response, then went numb. The back of his neck and sides of his cheeks began to prickle. His lips buzzed and his hearing became more acute, nothing escaped its aural sweep of the room, the ticking of Angela’s watch, the traffic outside, the girl out front smacking her gum, and the sound of his own blood pumping through his ear drums.
“Don’t mind him,” you say, “he loves the taste of recycled come.”
I ignore her then stop when I hear another voice. “Brother, dear please come in the kitchen.”  I don’t want to see Mycroft, but then I hear you coming around the corner. Okay, Mycroft it is. I stroll into the kitchen. I throw your clothing on the floor and face down my brother. He opens his mouth and then shuts it. It is obvious what I’ve been up to. My eye makeup is smeared, my lips and tips of my breasts are swollen, and love bites cover various parts of my neck and chest.
Mycroft smoothed down the sleeves of his jacket, intent on an unscheduled grooming ritual. “She was seven years younger than I and one day younger than you.”
Mycroft stared after Sherlock’s retreating horse in annoyance. “What are you up to, little brother?” He whispered as he led their party forward.
Sherlock sat up, put his hand under John’s chin and ever so gently raised his face. “John, I will always be distracted where you are concerned. You are my disadvantage, my weakness, my strength, you are the person that counteracts the injuries I inflict upon myself. You are my life, John Watson, without you I would be nothing but a machine.”
“You little beast,” John said as he made a grab for my robe. I laughed as I slithered away from him. Then we were chasing each other around like a couple of kids. Finally, John got the upper hand and pinned me to the ground.
“What will I say about what?” You ask.
When Sherlock woke up it was dark outside and a chill had overtaken the room. Feeling useless Sherlock had made up his mind to go back to sleep for he was bored and his mental acuity seemed to be diminishing the longer they stayed here, when the bedroom door opened and a small woman came in and lit a fire in the hearth at the end of the bed. Language didn’t seem to be a barrier here so Sherlock asked the woman a question. “Excuse me, do you have anything here that gives a person a buzz, you know heroin, cocaine, pot, whatever?” Sherlock asked in his most charming voice.
“Better?”
“Oh Sherlock,” you say as you take my hand.
Mary pulls my head down and then to my surprise she places her lips on mine. Out of curiosity my lips part. When Mary’s tongue touches mine I freeze, then her technique makes me respond. Her tongue is strong. Her breath is sweet. When she pulls away I feel cold. “Sherlock, John and I both love you. We both need you.” Then she hesitates. “We both want you.”
“Anything you want, John, just name it,” he whispered, in between the open-mouthed kisses he covered his chest with, letting his tongue encircle around a nipple until it hardened between his teeth in a small nub.
Sherlock ground his teeth, then snatched back the phone. “Fine.”
Sherlock glared at John and was about to come back with a sarcastic remark but the look of joy on John’s face stopped him. “Since when have I thought of someone else’s needs before my own,” Sherlock thought as he smiled at John. “I’m fine John.” Sherlock replied as John’s blue eyes mirrored his own smile. Sherlock reflected how the color of John’s eyes was like the deepest blue of the ocean. As John’s gaze intensified Sherlock could feel his heart beat increase.
All heads turn as we exit the elevator and enter the hotel lobby. We are a striking trio. My heart feels light and I struggle to banish the thought that rolls around in my thoughts. “Nothing lasts forever, don’t get too comfortable. All hearts are broken. All lives end.”
“Yes, I let you talk to him.”
Laura leaned forward and put her hand on John’s arm, letting it linger there for far too long, “John, you are going to love our little game. I’ll come by for you around midnight,” she said as she ran her index finger over John’s lower lip. “That husband of yours is a fool for leaving you unattended for if you were mine I wouldn’t let you up for air.” Satisfied with John’s shocked expression, she smirked, took Devin’s arm and then the two of them slinked out of the dining room like a couple of Siamese Cats.
Just as he was about to encircle his fingers around his target, John jerked away as he said, “Oh no you don’t I’m the Doctor. I don’t want you taking my pulse. I’m fine.”
Though Sherlock knew John was not telling the truth, he didn’t pursue it. He let the nagging doubt slide, so that he could concentrate on the case at hand.
Sherlock tensed as he waited for John to touch him; however John just snuggled closer to Sherlock. “I love you, Sherlock.” John said as he burrowed closer to Sherlock’s pliant body.
After cogitating on these reminiscences, I feel restless bored. “I need a case, John,” I shout aloud. “John, JOHN?”
John laughed, “You’ve got him upside down, Dad, here let me,” John said as he gently disentangled the boy and set him upright.
Sherlock reached down and put the brake down on John’s wheelchair as he said, “John, this is Hugh. Hugh this is my husband, John.”
As John took Sherlock fully in his mouth, Sherlock groaned and cried out in ecstasy, “John, God…” Sherlock’s voice trailed off when at the crucial moment John shakily replied as he turned his head to the side and took a deep breath, “Sherlock, it’s okay move deeper inside my mouth,” John said as he half gasped, half shouted.
John looked down but not before Sherlock observed the hurt in his eyes. “Right, then everything’s back to normal.” John said as he stared at a pattern in the blanket that covered Sherlock. “Hospital blankets are so ugly,” he thought.
“Ladies and Gentlemen, we are going through turbulent waters and we request that you stay off the main decks until we navigate through the storm.” The voice was pleasant as if announcing the time of day and John scowled up at the speaker in annoyance. He was just about to wheel back to his cabin, when he heard the faint sounds of Elton John singing, “Crocodile Rock.” Though the song was upbeat and cheerful, something about the sound of the notes being torn away on wind gave John the creeps, especially when the,”La, La, La,” part of the song rang out. Then John heard a violin playing the theme from, “Romeo and Juliet,” by Nino and the sound was so sweet that it could only be Sherlock playing-his Sherlock.
I wait for his answer but he is fast asleep in my arms. “Lightweight,” I think as I look down at his face with a reluctant fondness.
The woman looked at him and giggled, which made her small almond shaped eyes go shut. “I think I know what you mean. Be back in a second okay?”
Sherlock paced back and forth like a caged animal, clearly agitated. “She was lying.”
I follow Anderson down to where his motorcycle is parked. He hands me a helmet and then hops aboard the bike. I grimace as I sit down on the seat. Anderson laughs as he turns to look at me. “I need to go by my place for a new pair of pants and a quick shower.”
John swallowed, “I don’t understand, you have an international reputation as a detective, a playboy, so how can you be a…”
Mycroft’s face turned scarlet. “Stop this instant or I will jettison you over the ocean.”
Mycroft looked in the direction Sherlock pointed out. “Brother mine, the cabinet in question is quite rusted out.”
Sherlock chewed on the inside of his cheek. “We’ve got to find that witness.” Sherlock grabbed John’s arm. “Come on John; let’s get back to the flat. I have an idea.” Without another word Sherlock and John got into the next available cab and left.
Mycroft looked at him with shinning eyes. “It’s what he’s injected.”
You look over at me. “What’s so funny Sherlock?”
“I have the report of our enemy sir.” The scout replied nervously, as he licked his lips, for he was hoping that John was not displeased with him.
“Here, here,” John said as he downed another scotch. The song, “Isn’t it Romantic,” drifted across the room and Elsa hummed along with it as she smiled at John. “Come on, let’s dance,” Elsa laughed.
“At what?” Sherlock asked in spite.
Anderson’s haunted expression mirrors my own as he says, “It’s fine, Sherlock. When I speak I may lower the IQ of the whole street or the whole world for that matter, but I know that an addiction cannot love me back. It’s a temporary fix for an unrequited need.”
Sherlock’s body was quivering all over by this time. Like taming a wild horse John spoke softly to Sherlock, “Sherlock, we better get back to the room.”
“The Yoma’s were positioned…”
The cab ride home is quiet and I don’t wait for it to come to a complete stop before I jump out and run up the stairs to the bathroom, where I slam the door shut and take a cold shower. The cool water invigorates my mind and squelches my libido to a point where I feel sane again.
“Answer me.” Sherlock screamed.
“John, I know you’re not asleep and we’re narrowing down the suspects. So …so are you up to doing some sleuthing with me tomorrow?” Sherlock asked as he leaned his head over John’s shoulder.
John smiled, “Aw, you mean sex, right?”
Sherlock felt a feeling of dread when he looked at John, for it seemed that John had gained a whole new level of energy in Clare’s world. “Was Clare correct? Was John turning into some sort of monster, and if so what was the cure?” Sherlock thought as he struggled with the facts of their situation. Nothing was as it seemed anymore and Sherlock’s powers of deductive reasoning seemed to be failing.
“I guess I’ll be going now,” Anderson whispers.
Sherlock had tears in his eyes he was so uncomfortable. John squeezed himself behind Sherlock on the toilet seat, and then reached around with his hands to undo Sherlock’s trousers. Sherlock’s face flushed, he didn’t want John to see him this way, he was a mess. “Ssh,” John cooed as he brought Sherlock to a climax. Sherlock was drenched in sweat as he leaned back in John’s arms. All of his emotions threatened to overwhelm him when John kissed the back of Sherlock’s neck.
Sherlock nodded silently for he knew John was lying. “Fine, sounds interesting,” Sherlock replied flatly.
John stood up and faced Sherlock, “Thank you,” he whispered, as Sherlock took his hand and kissed it. John looked up at him; his lips slightly parted beckoning to Sherlock. “Jesus,” Sherlock thought and pulled John into his arms and began to kiss him. After a few moments of such intense pleasure that Sherlock could never hope to repeat it; he pulled away from John. “You’d better leave now, unless you want to stay,” Sherlock said huskily as he encircled his arms around John’s waist.
Sherlock chuckled as his hands encircled John’s waist and then moved downwards. “John, no one person could know everything. I specialize. I took measurements and observed just so that I could see a certain look on your face.”
A short time later and he appears. “Yes, what is it?”
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut in order to block out the emotions that threatened to overwhelm him. The Doctor approached Sherlock after he had filled a syringe. Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open, dreading what was coming next. The Doctor’s cold hands upon his arm, the thump of a vein with his index finger, the smell of rubbing alcohol, the prick of the needle, then bliss followed by terrifying nightmares.
Sherlock’s eyes grew moist and he fingered John’s palm. “I am quite well, John and more importantly I remember where the Doctor put the key.”
Sherlock paced for a moment and then stood nose to nose with John. “I’m not going to kill you John, there has to be another way.”
Elsa laughed again and then her expression darkened as she said, “My but you are so charming. My husband would never allow anyone to drop the Doctor in his title.”
John leaned back against the headrest and rolled his eyes back at Sherlock. “That’s okay, Sherlock.”
Clare looked from Sherlock to John and without a word she left. After Clare was gone Sherlock walked over to where John stood. “John, what’s going on?” Sherlock hoped that John would tell him everything so that together they could find out what was happening to John.
Clare gently took Sherlock’s arm, “Are you sure? John, will be for all intents and purposes, a monster-a demon.”
You come over and rub Anderson’s back, then kiss me on the forehead. “The doctor says you are recovering nicely and should be able to go home in the next couple of days.”
“Please Sherlock”, you say as you pull out our props from the nightstand beside the bed. I shudder with desire as I watch you prepare.
Anderson smiles. “We’re getting along splendidly, aren’t we Sherlock?”
“Mrs. Hudson, it’s me. Is everyone okay?”
John laughed and pulled Sherlock closer. “Sherlock, you are such a weirdo, I love you, even though you are a proper kinky genius.”
Mrs. Hudson answered the door, admitting a grim looking Mycroft. “Are they here?”
John’s eyes began to tear up as he pulled Sherlock’s head down so he could kiss him. “Sherlock, I owe you so much. I was so alone before I met you and…” John’s voice trailed off in a gasp as a spasm of pain rippled through the muscles of his lower back.
I put the instrument to my chin, tune it, then begin to play the slashing chords, like a knife they cut through to the morrow of my being.
You look at me. “Sherlock, you don’t look so well. Go have a lie down in our room.”
The bike skids to a stop and I wrench the helmet off my head and shove it into Anderson’s hands. He is sure to be angry now. He just looks at me, smiles and kisses the side of my cheek. “Thanks for going out with me tonight, Sherlock. I had a wonderful time.”
“Come over here and show me your hands.”
Mrs. Hudson laid a hand on his shoulder. “Yes, dear, that would have been ideal. John was never the same after that terrible day. He took your suicide so hard, blamed himself for not seeing the signs.”
John frowned.  He lifted up Sherlock’s shirt again. The bandage seemed fine to him. “Sherlock, everything looks fine.”
“Don’t be ungrateful, Sherlock, I had to pull strings to get you both in here, or would you have been happier with a state run mental institution?”
“Sherlock, I know you’re not asleep.” John whispered. There was no reply from Sherlock. “No matter,” John thought. “I know how to get him to respond.” John searched Sherlock’s body until he found one of Sherlock’s maroon colored erogenous zones. John eased closer to Sherlock and began to gently rub towards the end of his spine. Sherlock’s body tensed. John smiled,” Of course Sherlock was awake,” he thought as he wrapped his legs around Sherlock’s body. “Sherlock, where are you? Time to come out and play Doctor and Detective,” John crooned in a sing song voice, as he gently laid his hand on Sherlock’s pelvis. Sherlock’s body quivered in response to John’s touch. As John’s movements became more insistent, Sherlock gasped, he could stand it no longer. “Who the hell cares what John is becoming?” Sherlock thought as John moved his body closer, so that they could fit together as one. Making love with John was always pleasurable; however, something was different this time. It was as if John were able to monitor Sherlock’s vital signs, so that he could elicit the maximum physical response from Sherlock.
“I heard you were looking for me.” The Golem hissed.
Clare shrugged. “What do you mean? The ice is the ice.” She said as she turned away from Jake’s scowling face.
Sherlock ignored John’s remark as he stared straight ahead trying to grasp John’s miraculous recovery. “John, Clare told me that to save you, you must become a Claymore like herself. John, do you feel any different?”
John blushed and looked away and then back again, “What happens after I take the necklace and what if I get caught?”
“Sherlock, stop and listen to me,” Clare commanded.
John was wearing some sort of Samurai looking blue-grey garb, so that when he turned around to look over at Sherlock, his eyes took on the same coloring as the clothing.  John made a few more moves with the staff and then flopped down next to Sherlock. “Good morning, sleepy head,” John said as he kissed Sherlock on the forehead.
“Mary Morstan, was killed during a shoot-out in a grocery store.”
Hugh and John remained silent as Sherlock went to his mind palace. John studied the face of the man he loved. The tight skin that was drawn over Sherlock’s cheekbones paled, making him look old and frightened. John reached up and took Sherlock’s cold, clammy hand in his own. Then he began to stroke the inside of Sherlock’s wrist, his fingers trailing over the bluish green veins that lie just below the surface of his skin. Sherlock looked down at John and his pulse raced as he stared into John’s beautiful, blue eyes. For a moment or two Sherlock struggled to control the lust and the desire that heated his cold skin. John, it was always John that turned his legs to jelly, made his heart beat fast and made the place between his thighs ache. Not caring if they were in public or not Sherlock discreetly moved a long finger down the back of John’s trousers, past the waistband, lower, lower, lower still, until he found the promised land. Without a thought about what would happen next, Sherlock pushed his finger in as far as it would go.
Sherlock’s head ached and no matter how hard he tried he couldn’t banish Daniel’s face from his memory. Irene and Mycroft argued, each attempting to usurp the other’s authority. “Stop, you can stay wherever you want. John and I are going home to Baker Street. Text us with the travel plans.” Then without another word he wheeled John out of the room.
John nuzzled Sherlock’s neck, murmuring, “I miss the way you smell, the way you taste everything about you, wish you were naked in my arms.”
Sherlock nodded without a word, curled up in a ball next to John, aligning their spines together and flinching when he felt the snarl of cartilage and bone near John’s tailbone. As John’s breathing deepened so did Sherlock’s, and when sleep came it stripped Sherlock’s consciousness away with a dull, heavy feeling that resonated throughout his entire body.
The longer he stayed in his demonic form the more his human half remained repressed as John gave into blood lust and became a killing machine. As he gazed upon one of the horsemen in his bubble, John barely noticed the look on his face as he sliced the horseman’s head off. Roaring in victory John turned to take down the next horseman, but just as John approached the bubble, the horseman blurred out of focus and was gone. John threw back his head and screamed and then his heart froze in terror for try as he might, John could not regain his human half for he had become a full Yoma-a demon.
I give you nothing, because I am a taker.
Then there was a swooshing sound. Sherlock frowned for it was not the opening of a drawer but that of a door. He turned and there was John in a wheelchair. “Jesus, this stuff is hard to get out of one’s hair,” John said as he scrubbed on his scalp with a towel. He stopped when he saw Sherlock’s face. “Sherlock, everything’s fine. We didn’t tell you about this part of the plan so that you would appear genuinely grief stricken. I must say you outdid yourself. The pounding on the ambulance window and all, nice touch. I mean I pretty much figured that you would come to the conclusion of my supposed death on the ride over. So, when did you figure it out? Was it the color of the blood that gave us away or the color of my skin? Sherlock?”
“I’m not tired,” John prostested.
“He survived, no thanks to your meddling. What were you thinking?”
“This feels great,” John said as he let himself go.
John looked off into the distance where Sherlock had been, a moist puddle of water from the shattered glasses still glittered as the lights from the stage caught it just right. “Fine, I’m in, but one thing you have to know, I won’t physically hurt anyone.”
“Come on small warrior. Give way to the awakening that courses through your body. I will let you enjoy the pleasure for a moment before I kill you.” The Golem roared and swung the mace at John’s head.
I look into your eyes dearest John and though I’m afraid I can refuse you nothing. “Yes,” I whisper. I will my body to relax as I let you and Mary strip away my clothing. I start to shake. I am full of performance anxiety. It is an alien emotion, for I have always excelled at everything.
Sherlock grinned at John. “I can think of several, but none of them would help me concentrate.”
Irene pouted as she pulled out her phone. “Spoiled sport.”
“Wait before we go any further was her name Eurus?”
John smiled and closed his eyes.
“They all met with grisly accidents over the last year.” I reply.
“Sherlock, please stop pacing and come here,” John said as he wheeled over to where Sherlock was standing. Without a word Sherlock helped John out of his chair and carried him to the bed. “Now what might I deduce from this?” John asked aloud in a perfect imitation of Sherlock.
“What?”
“What are you having?” Anderson asks you.
You look at me, your eyes are serious. “Yes, Sherlock it is.”
“How come you get to sit there, while I have to bring in the boxes like some lackey?”
I hear a slight tremor in your voice when you answer me. “I love you too.”
Sherlock nodded as he handed over his precious cargo. As the warmth from John’s feverish body left his own, Sherlock shivered. He spared one glance over his shoulder towards the Bedouin’s retreating figure and then turned his focus to the matter at hand. Once Laura was convinced that she had Sherlock’s full attention she began to speak. “Now I have a proposition for you dear Sherlock. I will let Hugh go unharmed back to his hum drum life, if you help me find something.”
He looked over at Wiggins and narrowed his eyes. “If you don’t shut up. I’ll shoot you.”
John looked confused for a moment and then looked out into the distance, “So, you weren’t there?”
Sherlock’s lips trembled as he glared at Mycroft. “The past is the past, brother dear. What does she want?”
“John, I want you to see the paintings that are going up in my art exhibition next week.”  Sherlock said as he excitedly pushed John before each painting. “You’ve already seen the one I painted of you and my Grandma, but now I would like you to see the rest of my works.”
The rest at the shelter was almost at an end; Clare informed them at tea a few days later. “The weather is clearing up so we should be able to make good time by the end of the week.”
He looks back at me and his shoulders sag. I can tell he is grateful. “Yes, Mister Holmes, it is,” he whispers.
I close my eyes, but I know I won’t sleep, for I want to record your touch in my mind palace so I can reference and enhance it any time I please. I do so with great accuracy. The tactile memory is clear, leaving me to wonder why my reference to it makes me feel lonelier than ever.
Clare kneeled down beside John and Sherlock, ignoring the puddles of vomit that soaked her knees.  She took John’s head between her hands and put her forehead and against John’s. John’s breathing gradually returned to normal. He looked at Clare in wonder. “The headache is gone. How did you do that?”
You are looking at me now, staring. John your thoughts elude me. I run my tongue around the tip of your finger. Am I teasing you? If I were a man of passion, instead of a man of letters my stomach would churn as my useless appendage stood at attention. My heart drops like a stone in my chest. You think I’ve lost my senses. I run my tongue along your nail beds, treasuring each hang nail. If this is my last contact with you I must make it count. I must make it last. A tear runs down my face, willing you to go Doctor Kevorkian on my ass. The inside of your finger traces the ridges on the roof of my mouth. I watch your face. Your bottom lip trembles. Your eyes dilate, then flutter, then they roll back in your head as you faint. John? I hear you mumbling as a nurse helps you up.
Anderson reaches out and pulls me to my feet. “Yes and so are you. We’re going to a gay bar, remember?”
The noises of the café seemed to implode on Sherlock’s already frayed senses as he tried to focus on the problem at hand. The clinking of glasses, the low chatter of the anonymous voices that filled the room. “Think, think,” Sherlock whispered aloud as he attempted to organize his chaotic thoughts. Hugh opened his mouth to say something and was silenced by a warning glare from Sherlock. “Stop, just don’t say anything. I need to think.”
John laughed and said, “Touché.”
John held me tight between his knees. “No, I want to know why you drugged me.”
I gasp as I sit up. I can still hear your scream, “SHERLOCK.”  I can hear your voice mumbling. “Let me through, he’s my friend, Oh God no, Jesus…” Then I feel you take my pulse. It no longer beats. It has been cut off by a device that I squeeze under my arm. For all intents and purposes I, Sherlock am dead to you-John Watson. I would have run to you in the grave yard had I heard the three little words I waited for in earnest. I put a listening device in my ear so that I could hear every word you spoke over my grave.  You whine, you plead, you sniffle you say, “Just don’t be…be dead.”  You beg me for a miracle. I harden my heart towards your pleas. For you have not said the three words I wanted to hear. “I love you, Sherlock.” So, I observe you with the cold detachment of a professional killer and I let you freeze.
I look up at him with a witty retort on my lips, then stop. He is wearing black tactical gear and his hair is messed up. He looks lost and his vulnerability makes him look younger. Though he tells the man who is stitching me up to not be gentle, due to the fact, that my skin is tough like a housecat’s, he looks down at me in concern, and I know without a shadow of a doubt that my loss would devastate him. It shocks me, yet confuses me at the same time, considering how many times he has put my life at risk.
John made his way down the narrow hall to where Sherlock lay in a bed that looked like a giant round purple cushion. “How lovely he looks,” John thought as he watched Sherlock’s curled up form in fascination.
“Sherlock, Mycroft, what’s happened? Is it John? Is he?”
Sherlock anxious to dispel the serious mood that had come upon them all, walked over to the piano. “Is my violin still under the here?” Sherlock said as he knelt down and pulled out a battered old case. He opened it up and exclaimed, “It’s still in tune.”
Ignoring Sherlock’s sarcasm, the man pushed his way inside the cabin and towards the bed where he looked down at John. “Sir, are you John Watson-Holmes?”
“Okay, I’m ready to stich him up now. Sorry, I don’t have any deadener, mate.”
John yawned and stretched, “Me too.”
The woman nodded. “The surgery went very well, Mister Holmes. You can go in and see him now, but he is still a bit groggy. Follow me please.”
Sherlock leaned forward in his seat. “What exactly do you mean by a few meticulously timed events?”
John could feel the tears welling up in his eyes as he turned away from Sherlock, “No, more questions, please, for we said that if one of us wasn’t there, that there would have to be a damn good reason.”
John smiled into Ratherty’s eyes for her joy was palatable. Her once dark scales glistened and her magnificent tail swished in a circular motion as if it had a life of its own. Ratherty’s mate kept pace beside her in a protective stance; yet he wasn’t crowding in on her space either. Ratherty’s mate was a golden color and his large eyes were cobalt blue. “My God, he is magnificent,” John thought.
“John, you need to relax,” I say as I wince at the tight pressure that restricts my movements. I then kiss you and talk to you in French. Then the pressure eases up freeing us both. Our bodies move together like the well-oiled pistons of a fine automobile. I plunge, you push, uniting as one. You call my name and then I call yours. Our releases are so closely timed that we both shudder and moan simultaneously.
She purses her lips. “Fine, but Sherlock you’ve got to behave. John, has a lot riding on his shoulders without you acting up.”
“Right back at you, detective.” John whispered back in reply.
Sherlock placed his wet cheek on the back of John’s sweat drenched neck as he gasped out. “God how I love you, John.”
A wave of sadness swept over his features. “When Sherlock is distraught, bored or in need of clarity, he uses.”
Sherlock grunted and for a moment didn’t answer. “That feels so good, John, don’t stop. Now what were you saying?”
“Well, then as soon as Hugh takes a break, I will reveal all,” Laura smirked.
You leave the room, give me the bird and call me, “An annoying dick head.”
By the time Sherlock wheeled John up to the check in counter his hands were shaking with need. The clerk ambled on until Sherlock grabbed him by the shirt front and thrust a credit card at him as he snapped, “Room key, NOW.”
He doesn’t beg me to be gentle, he just prepares by opening his legs further apart. I look into his wide blue eyes and ease into him. I am all prepared for an all-out assault. I surprise myself and him when I deliver what he craves, gentleness. I tell myself I am only being gentle so that I can watch him slowly unravel, but I find my body enjoys the slow thrusting movements just as much as Anderson does. Then it’s time. He tenses beneath me, grabs my forearms, the skin on his neck flushes, his body tightens all around me.
Sherlock grinned and was about to come up with a pithy retort when the doorbell sounded. Sherlock tapped the side of his face and mused aloud. “Short ring, followed by a long, ring followed by a short ring, ah it must be An’s brother.”
Sherlock shook his head, “Nope, we’ll be there come hell or high water,” he said as his eyes devoured the sight of his sweetheart Doctor that he would not see for six months.
Sherlock looked at the black card in his hand as if it were a poisonous viper. John walked over and covered Sherlock’s hand with his own. “Sherlock, “John said softly,” it’s going to be alright. Give me the card back. I will only give to you if I need to.” Sherlock swallowed and handed the card back to John. Sherlock’s phone rang and everyone jumped but Clare.
“Do you want me to take them up?”
“All of what?” John asked.
Sherlock put a hand on John’s tense shoulder, feeling the muscles relax as his fingers reached  the tense areas. “She’s not late, John. She’s here.”
You look at me. “That’s good, Sherlock.”
“Help, Help, I’m stuck,” the boy cried out as Sherlock and John approached him. Sherlock was the first to reach him, but had no luck disentangling him as he pulled on his legs.
Laura looked at Sherlock with wide eyed innocence. “No, of course not. I had some expensive equipment back there.”
Clare stood beside John. “John, do you remember the conversation we had in the cab?” John nodded, not making eye contact. Clare’s eyes mirrored grief.  “John, you need to decide who you are going to give your black card to.” Without hesitation John reached into the pocket of his robe and handed the black card to Sherlock. Sherlock took the card; it was still warm from the heat of John’s body.  His Doctor, friend, lover, his heart, had handed him a black card. If John realized his potential and awakened as a killer similar to a Yoma, Sherlock was obligated to kill him.
“Wait, John, stop,” Sherlock shouted to no avail for John was already gone. The rest of the party quietly made their way through the tunnel without a word to one another. Water dripped from the rounded ceiling, making creepy drip, drip, drip, sounds as it did so. “Where is John?” Sherlock thought. “How could he have disappeared so quickly?” As if in answer to his question a gust of wind blew down the tunnel towards them. As it picked up speed, Sherlock wondered whether they should turn back and find cover. Then Sherlock felt a pressure against his chest as he was thrown into zero gravity. Just as he thought he would be crushed the wind ceased to blow and Sherlock found himself lying on a grassy mountain top. The noise from the wind temporarily affected his hearing and Sherlock felt like he was under water.
Mycroft sniffed and then continued on. “The statue was acquired around 1910 and remained in the same family until around 1938. At this time, it was sold to a family from Germany, the item was confiscated by the Nazi’s and did not surface until a few months ago. As I’ve said before it is not the statue that contains value. It’s what’s inside.”
I look up at you. “Well, it hasn’t done you any good.”
“Is there a Sherlock Holmes here?”
John ran his fingers across Sherlock’s chest, noting with satisfaction how Sherlock’s skin flexed and hardened under his touch. The world’s greatest detective was a shivering mass of putty in his hands. “Let’s relax,” John whispered in between kisses.
John looked defensive when he answered, “Yes, who the hell do you think  you are, barging in here like this?”
John rolled his eyes for they had argued about this before, “Okay, fine, I have mobility issues. Let’s not fight, okay?”
You look down at the ground. “Sherlock, I’m not going to be your punisher. You need help.”
“Was she older or younger than us?”
Doctor Shaw stepped into the room. “What’s going on here?”
“Sherlock, focus as I taught you to do. Remember emotion clouds the intellect. You are superior now act like it. Oh, and never fear your friend will be well taken care of. I’ve recommended that he be placed in one of the best sanitariums in the country. He’ll be waited on hand and foot.” Doctor Dunkle said leaning down to peer into Sherlock’s wide green eyes. Smiling he took off his glasses, frowning. “Damn, glasses. I hate when a piece of grit gets on the lens.”
Sherlock didn’t answer as he ignored his churning stomach.
“John? John? Doctor Watson?”  A shrill voice asked.
John laughed. “The cabbie doesn’t care.” He then sighed with pleasure when he noticed that Sherlock’s trousers were noticeably tighter in the front than they had been. John leaned into Sherlock, and applied a little more pressure with his hand.
All three prisoners made note of their surroundings. They were in what appeared to be an old brick dungeon, complete with iron bars, chains and manacles. Sherlock was surprised there wasn’t a skeleton or two lying around. He sighed. “Have our captors said what they want from us?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock opened his eyes. “Oh joy, another hospital,” he whispered.
“What, what is it?” John asked in confusion as Sherlock rushed around the room like a hurricane.
Sherlock’s eyes fixated on John. “No, you are my next case John Watson. Once you are finished with physical therapy we are going to take another cruise and do you know what we’re going to do?”
“Sherlock?” Your voice calls to me. “Sherlock, I see you’re feeling better. I’ve brought up some tea and biscuits.”
Feeling embarrassed Anderson shuts his legs. I pry them open, none too gently. I sit up and smell my hand. “Anderson, your scent is delightful.”
You throw your hands up into the air. “Sherlock, we need to talk. I love you and I have no intention of leaving you. The room you decorated for Alice is beautiful.”
“Oh John, I’m so sorry,” She says as she dabs her eyes.
Mycroft listened for a moment or two and then grimaced. “It sounds like two jackals.”
Clare sniffed John, in a long inhale and John felt his face flush. “Dr. Watson, you smell of sex and blood lust. I hardly think that will bother the Golem. Come on let’s go while the trail is fresh, I need you to help me track the scent.”
John frowned. “What about Jeannie?”
Sherlock thought, then he walked out of the room. Once outside the flat, he took a deep breath. The city was ready, ready to take him in its arms, ready to caress him with its decadent wares.
Sherlock laughed, “I have a pair of barber’s scissors in my cabin. Come on.”
I grin. “Okay, it sounds fucking hot, watching and being watched. God…”
“What look?” John asked as he twisted his head around to watch the reflection of the moon in Sherlock’s eyes
A gentle hand rests on my brow. I open my eyes and the figure takes shape. It is Anderson. “Sherlock, are you okay?” He asks.
“Sherlock, are you okay?” John asked as he leaned forward in his chair.
John was still recovering from Sherlock’s kiss as he struggled to breathe normally, “Yes, Sherlock I will marry you.”
“Someone’s hand is touching my wrist,” Sherlock thinks. “Who is it? I can’t open my eyes, so I will deduce. The grip is firm, but not painful. The fingers soft but not too soft.  I know who it is, it’s John…John Watson. I want to say something that will cut him to the quick, but I must be in a semi-consciousness state.” I will let mind wander until I fade into nothingness.
I wait, my pulse pounding, waiting to hear your voice.
Sherlock wasn’t used to John being this way so he spoke up. “John, we are all doing our best,” Sherlock said through clenched teeth.
Mycroft smiled like the cat who got the canary. He had won this round. “Irene… Irene Alder.”
Sherlock opened his eyes slowly and for a second he was confused about where he was. Then as he saw John training in the corner with a wooden staff-a Bo, the events of the previous day and more importantly the night came back to Sherlock in a rush. Sherlock sighed with pleasure for he felt deliciously sore in all the right places.
The next morning, my body aches and my head pounds. You breeze into the room, the regurgitation from Alice’s breakfast are spattered in dots all over your shirt. I smile. You are adorable, an adorable father. I move to get up but you push me back into bed.
John laughed, a sound that Sherlock was sure would travel through the universe on an infinite wave.
I reach out to you. “John,” I whisper.
“Will you get me off?”
Sherlock held out his hand. “Where is the phone you bought?” Wiggins dug in his pocket, then handed a small phone to him. He looked down at the small black flip phone. “What the hell is this?”
John pulled Sherlock even closer. “At the risk of being sacrilegious, I would fight God himself to save you.”
I frown. “Why does Alice need a nanny?”
After two days in the snow, Sherlock was thoroughly fed up. John reached out to steady Sherlock as he lost his footing yet again. As if reading his thoughts, John patted Sherlock on the shoulder. “It’s okay Sherlock, you’re superhuman back home and I am superhuman here. No matter what world we are in we will always complement each other.” John said cheerfully as his breath came out in cold, foggy clouds. The end of Sherlock’s red, cold nose dripped constantly, so much so that he had given up on facial tissue long ago. Sherlock sniffed, wiped the end of his nose with his scarf and then hurried to catch up with John.
Sherlock’s beauty took John’s breath away every time, but never so much as when he showed his emotional side. “Of course, what happens to you happens to me. It’s just the two of us against the world.”
“Yes, you were.”
Mrs. Hudson fusses over me like a mother hen. “Here, I got your favorite biscuits. Have a few more, you’re so thin, Sherlock.”
“I’d better not, I need to think and I won’t be able to do that if I stay, but let’s not waste any time. We only have a few days left of the cruise and let’s spend every moment together and then we’ll come up with a long term plan.” John said. His blue eyes sparkled as he gave Sherlock a chaste good-night kiss. “Tomorrow,” John whispered.
Wiggins looked at him with wide eyes. “He’s always going on about baby Rosie.”
“John I’m busy thinking, don’t interrupt,” Sherlock replied in an effort to avoid John’s eyes which remained fixated on him like a hawk.
He doesn’t hesitate. “Yes.”
I wait for Anderson to finish his tea. As soon as the cup hits the saucer I speak. “Get upstairs, now.”
I nod. “Two prostitutes?”
“Please tell me that whatever it is, is alive.”
Molly nodded. “He’s clean and for all intents and purposes healthy. Well, as healthy as Sherlock gets, but he does seem to be a bit off.” Then they both studied him again.
“Sherlock, are you alright?”
Once Sherlock and the demon-John, were armed Sherlock smiled and said, “Come on, John let’s go kill a horseman or two.”
“Yeah, he’s hiding around the corner. Sherlock, you can come out now.”
John smiled, then hobbled towards them. “Yes, of course.”
A few hours later John, lay back against a flurry of pillows, hooked up to an IV smiling up at Sherlock. “Sherlock, you look terrible. You need to rest.”
I clear my throat. “I need a quiet place to think and some tea.” Then I step down from the platform and make my way to Mycroft, where I whisper in his ear. “I need you to find out if John, Anderson and Alice are safe.”
John looked up into Sherlock’s eyes, his hero, the love of his life and though Sherlock gazed at him in adoration, he also looked afraid for Sherlock had never had to care for another person and though the idea intrigued him it also scared him, for what if the worst happened? What if he became bored? What if he failed?
John laughed. “I know you’re a proper genius and most likely know how to put on the clothing; however I’ll play. Sherlock, do you need me to help you get dressed?” John asked mockingly.
John looked at Sherlock’s pale face, his swollen nose, the dried blood around his nostrils, and the dark circles under his shinning green eyes and gasped. “Sherlock, my God how you move me,” John whispered as he took Sherlock’s arms and stared deep into the depths of his beautiful sad eyes.  “Wait here while I tend to your sparring partner’s injuries,” John whispered as he reluctantly let go of Sherlock’s arms.
Sherlock rolled on the ground holding his nose. “Jesus, God, shit, damn fu…,” Sherlock swore in every language he knew, as a result the swearing went on for quite some time.
Sherlock frowned, “Hmm, the Captain’s table can be quite trying, so why don’t you take a break? Oh, and by the way, who is the condescending prick?”
Sherlock cut him off. “John, just shut it, so that at least one of us can be productive.”
John lay in bed his head propped up on one elbow as he watched Sherlock prepare to leave the ship as a painter, detective and lover, only to remerge as a steward, a uniform that would make Sherlock’s presence anonymous, for very few individuals noticed a person in uniform. Sherlock stood in front of a mirror naked, and John admired every inch, trying to ignore the thrill of electricity that jolted through his groin at the sight of Sherlock, putting on socks, underwear, shirt, pants, and finally shoes. Grinning when he saw John openly staring, Sherlock smiled and winked at John’s reflection in the mirror.
I turn my back on you and make my way to my bedroom. Tomorrow I will have to start on the herbal mix I had Molly make up. I can still see her doe brown eyes filling with tears as I tell her what it’s for.
I read the text aloud to Mrs. Hudson as we both look around at the spotless flat. “I’m sorry dear,” she whispers.
John shook his head. “It appears that we are to rot down here.”
I want to slap your face but I don’t, instead I just struggle to get untangled from your grasp. “Leave me alone,” I say as I wrench my arm free. I must get to my room before you see. I am too late. You are not as slow as you appear, dearest John.
Sherlock avoided John’s concerned glance. He then put his fingers together and took a deep breath. “So, where does Laura fit into all this?”
You fall into the part with abandon. Your lips part and I slide my tongue in. I taste you. My body jerks in reaction, as we orally explore each other. I whimper, each sound accompanied by a cloud of foggy cold mist. You wrap your legs around my waist. Then you pull us to the side. You grip my lower back with one hand, while you squeeze my nipple ring with your other hand. Your fingers trace the wings, the double snakes, and then the rod. My groin tightens with desire. You are now devouring me with your mouth. I no longer care if I am the dominate one or not.
“Sherlock, you’re going to break your wrist. Stop, please, now,” John begs.
John wondered how Sherlock was going to explain Clare, but when he turned around she was gone. God, that was irritating. How did she do that? Sherlock brushed past John and began to examine the body. Sherlock bent down circled the body and sniffed, then stood up.
Sherlock never broke eye contact as he said, “A promise is a promise, John. My technique will be somewhat hurried but I assure you it will have the same results.”
“What game?”
“Now,” I say and he stops. He slips on a condom. My virtual John then slips one on me as well. I knock him face down on the bed. I slide into my virtual John. I dominate him with my pumping motions. I never tire of the feel of penetration as I bury my head in your shirt. Your scent makes the head of my reservoir full. I scream out in mental agony. “JOHN,” I scream out. Then as I become flaccid I weep. I whisper your name over and over.
I sit up. “What do you mean?”
Sherlock winked at John, grabbed the iPhone out of the man’s hand and threw it overboard. “Hey,” the man exclaimed.
I peer over your shoulder and I almost loose it when I look at the jagged scar that disfigures Anderson’s abdomen. “That’s a wicked looking wound.”
Laura sighed. “Oh, well fine. Irene wanted my help to find this key. We still have an open relationship so I agreed. When things became difficult, Irene suggested that I solicit the great Sherlock Holmes for assistance. Which through a few meticulously timed events is exactly what I did.”
You stand between us. “Yes, he does. He needs to learn how to be a decent human being. Sherlock, say something nice.”
“But you don’t know.” My voice sounds loud. It matches the brightness of the room.
You get up yawn, stretch and then you almost run from the box. You are like an errant puppy that has just escaped from its pen. I smile. You, John Watson are adorable. Mary watches your departure with fondness. A fondness that softens her features. In the semi-darkness of the house she looks like a girl. Once she is sure you are out of ear shot she turns to me.
“But…”
Anderson opens the door and is met with a cloud of steam. He lets some of it dissipate, then comes into the room. I grab a sponge, then attempt to wash my back. “Here let me get that.” Chill bumps raise on my arms when the warm water runs down my sides. The only sound in the room is the faint sound of the water running in the pipes from John’s shower and the splashing Anderson makes while he washes me. He pauses over my shoulder blades. “Sherlock, the scars…what are they from?”
John watched Sherlock’s transformation in fascination for the muscles in his long, white neck, constricted as John’s touch deepened.  No longer was Sherlock, the brilliant painter, detective, violinist, genius, he was a man desperate for his lover’s touch. Though John was just working his hands across Sherlock’s back, Sherlock whimpered as if in pain, when he felt John’s hands on his bare skin. By the time John worked his way around Sherlock’s waist to undo his trousers; Sherlock was unashamedly begging John to take him.
Elsa leaned against the railing, the black waves of ocean crested and fell, as the jade necklace escaped the folds of her blouse. John’s eyes fixated on it for he had almost forgotten the reason why he was getting close to Elsa.
John was about to make small talk when to his relief Mrs. Hudson announced that a potential client was waiting to come up. Sherlock nodded curtly, “Send her up.”
Molly blushes. “Yes, I think I’d like that.”
“Good morning, husband,” Sherlock said as he rolled over and took John in his arms.
“Sherlock, why did you wake me up? Are lonely my detective? Because if you are,” John said in between kisses. “I have a big surprise for you.”
“You seem in good spirits,” John said, oblivious to what I had planned for the evening.
Sherlock ignored the chaos of the passengers disembarking around them as he whispered. “Yes, Doctor.”
“Well, let’s get to it,” Sherlock said coming to John’s rescue.
John frowned as Sherlock trudged towards him; he looked so cold and exhausted. “We need to stop for a rest. I’m getting tired,” John lied. There was no cave and John had to dig out a shelter from the ice. Sherlock made a few attempts to assist but John waved him off. “Thank you, Sherlock, but I can work better alone,” John said as he stretched a tarp over the dugout he had carved out of the ice. John piled two blankets on top of each other for Sherlock and for himself John put down a thin sheet of canvas. John turned around to get Sherlock and swore when he saw Sherlock lying curled up in the snow. John rushed over to where Sherlock lay and softly patted him on the cheek with a gloved hand. “Sherlock, come on, wake up.” John said firmly.
John hurried after her. “Wait, how do we get in touch with you?”
John thought for a moment and closed his eyes as every sense opened up to his surroundings. It was as if he had been seeing in black and white all of his life and now all of sudden he could see in color. John leaned his head back to enjoy every sensory element in his environment. The sound of the water pouring over the stones in the steam heater, the sound of his own rapid heartbeat and the sound of Sherlock’s slower one, he could almost taste each individual water molecule in the mist from the steaming rocks, the smells of rice cooking in another part of the shelter, the smell of Sherlock’s fear, his tears, the smell of his very essence, God it was intoxicating. “Sherlock, this is wondrous, I only wish you could experience it with me.” John said as he drew in a long breath.
“Yes, no thanks to you. You should have had more control, you should have been able to pull the strike, so since you didn’t, I am going to show you how it feels,” John growled as he punched the man in the face as hard as he could. As the man hit the ground, John continued to hit and kick him, until the snow was spattered with Sherlock’s opponent’s blood. John knew he was losing control, but the smell of blood drove him to frenzy. “Oh God,” John thought as he felt the desire to kill spreading through his body. It was an experience so intense that it seemed almost like  sexual arousal. John threw his head back and his eyes began to glow. “This is it, God this is it,” John thought as he gasped for air, and then just as John was going to give in to his need, he felt a tug at his sleeve.
The thought was shocking, but the more he thought about it the more he became intrigued with the idea.
I’ve been on the street for almost two weeks when one of my homeless soldiers hands me a note. My grubby hands take it, holding it up to the light. It is from you. It reads: “Sherlock, god knows I’ve tried to get over Mary, but I can’t escape the guilt. I have to go away for a while. Mycroft will explain. These things are difficult for me, but please know that I love you, Sherlock. Your Doctor JW.”
Sherlock continued to move his fingers, hiding the movement from Hugh as he spoke. “Don’t confess yet. Go along with Laura as if you are going to kill John. That will give us some time to figure out who is really behind all of this.”
John crossed his eyes, putting the green olives from the tray that Sherlock had brought on the cart into his eye sockets.
Lestrade answers me. “Jesus, I think you just took my hearing level down a few decibels.”
Clare disengaged herself from Sherlock’s grasp as she and the healer knelt beside John. Sherlock watched in horrified fascination as Clare took John’s shirt off; his skin was ripped open from his clavicle bone all the way to the top of his rib cage. The red muscle tissue was in stark contrast to the black blood that congealed around it.  Clare took out a knife and cut off a piece of flesh from her upper arm and handed it to the healer. The healer kneaded it for a moment or two, covered it with some purple goo, and shoved it as far as he could in John’s wound.
I frown. “I’m glad you’re here. Who brought you in?”
A few moments later, he arrives. “Yes, what is it?”
“I need you to come around to Baker Street as soon as possible.”
You point to Alice and I purse my lips. “Of course, I don’t suppose it would be proper.”
John gripped Sherlock’s hand, brought it to his lips and then reluctantly pulled away to get ready to disembark.
You look at me. “You are a little wretch. I suppose you are going to get turned on by a colostomy bag?”
“John, what makes you think I am fighting the urge to cry? Are you doing that thing with the colors again?” Sherlock grunted as he changed positions so that John could reach him with ease.
Once she was gone John looked over at Sherlock, “Sherlock that was awfully rude of you.”
You smirk. “Sherlock, don’t play dumb on my account. The sexual tension between us was almost unbearable until Mary. It was she that smoothed things out for us. Everything clicked when we were all together.” When I don’t answer, you continue. “All I’m saying is that I’m open to it, if it’s something you want to try.”
An nodded. “It is the same. It would appear that we are in the end of days for this world.” An’s voice trailed off in sorrow.
I swallow and then the noise of the investigation team swirls around me. Confused and conflicted, I give a quick report to Lestrade and then make my way outside. I squint as the morning sun pounds against my sensitive eyes in an unrelenting stream of light. I hate the sun and the whole bloody solar system.
Sherlock glanced at John, “Who? I must say John that if you’re feeling aroused just tell me enough with the metaphors, ‘Rear Window’, Hitchcock, etc.”
“Sherlock, are you alright?” John asked. “Sherlock?”
John pulled his lip out of Sherlock’s mouth as he said, “You are such a naughty boy, Sherlock.”
I grin and then shake my head. “Nothing, I need to get ready to go undercover,” I reply.
“Why? I’m busy today. Can’t this wait?”
Without a word, I roll over and Anderson holds me in a chaste grasp. I can’t stop the tears that flow down my face.
John groaned, “Oh, Sherlock.”
“You always say that you’re not romantic, but here you are at my bedside quoting Shakespeare. By the way, I’m feeling better. You’ll be happy to know I got a boner in the shower today.”
“Shit, damn it,” John swore as he swung Sherlock over his shoulder and made his way over to the shelter, gently carrying his precious cargo-Sherlock to safety. Quicker than John would have thought, he tore all of his clothes off and then Sherlock’s. “God, Sherlock’s body is ice cold.” John thought as he wrapped his warm body around Sherlock’s and covered them both with the blankets.
“Resting in the bed next to you.”
Sherlock’s message read: “Darling, can’t wait to see you, I’ll be waiting at the dock. Love Nina.”
The man looked at John and said, “I am head of security here on the ship and I am to take you to the brig for questioning in the disappearance of Elsa Strauss. We have a witness that says that you had a struggle with Elsa and then you pushed your chair into her and knocked her overboard. Since, Elsa is not aboard the ship we need to question you.”
Sherlock put his cool hand on John’s warm neck and then began to snip at the gum embedded in his hair. John felt chill bumps run up and down his arms as Sherlock guided the blade along his scalp. After he had cut most of the gum out Sherlock ran his fingers through the short tuffs of John’s hair and massaged his neck. After a few moments Sherlock reluctantly pulled his hands away before things got out of control. “I think I got most of it,” Sherlock said as his voice cracked.
Sensing my discomfort, he stops playing. I want to beg him to continue, but I don’t. I just stand there. I am beaten. Without a word Anderson has reduced me to ashes. He has burned me. My gaze never wavers from his face, his hands, and his back, his scarred and beaten back.
“Shit, what are we going to do?” You whisper in my ear.
John grimaced, then became pale. “Why didn’t the Doctor tell me?”
Sherlock sighed as he looked up at the brilliant stars above them. The beauty of their light seemed to mock him. He then looked over at the faint glow coming from inside the tent where John lay and then back at Laura’s glittering pupils that reflected the illumination of the flames from the camp fire. Sherlock’s heart felt heavy as he whispered, “Yes, we have an accord.”
I walk over and watch while you unbutton Anderson’s shirt. “I want to watch.”
Sherlock giggled again for it felt good to have the upper hand. “John, I have only begun to defile myself. Now, I want you to screw me hard.”
“Molly, you don’t have to do this. We can get another Doctor.”
“Nope,” Sherlock answered not letting up on the pressure, as his steely green eyes bored into John’s sad, dark blue eyes. “So, John, what did you do?”
John nodded and then without a word took Sherlock’s hand again. Neither of them said a word as they enjoyed the warmth from the skin on skin contact.
“When?”
“Well, I was surfing the web for information on a case I was working on and I happened to run across your Blog, and so I violated a few privacy laws and thought, hhmm I wonder what my old friend John Watson is up to, after all I was supposed to meet him somewhere and I never showed up, so I must apologize.” Sherlock said as he snapped out the words, making sure that John could not mistake the hardness in his tone.
Sherlock was in one of his black moods staring moodily out the window. John watched Sherlock as he shifted uncomfortably in his chair his brows knitted together.
“No, and it has plagued me ever since.”
“John,” Sherlock said as his body unwilling arched with need, his voice full of tension.
“Per the records, she wasn’t with Mary on the day of the shooting. It appears she’s now in foster care and her name is…Rosie.”
Mycroft looked back at Sherlock in exasperation.  “Just get on with it, brother mine.”
“Sure, that would be lovely,” John said as he smirked at Sherlock’s outraged expression.
John nodded, gagged a few times, then buried his nose in the fresh starched linen. They passed row after row of twitching bodies.
John was giggling by this time. “Yes, please.” As Sherlock ran his hands down John’s shirt, John stopped laughing. “Jesus, Sherlock we’re going to get arrested, stop.”
Mycroft gave Sherlock scurrilous look as he said, “The helicopters will be landing soon.”
“Oh, stop complaining, you know you love the thrill of the chase just as much as I. Now, trust me in a few days we will both be feeling…”
John’s pants were already wet in the front as he took them off and positioned himself behind Sherlock; he then reached his hands around to make sure he could still reach in between Sherlock’s legs. Sherlock reached back, “Come on, John, God I can’t stand it anymore. I burn for you, go deep…” Sherlock’s voice trailed off in a groan as John acquiesced to his request. John lost himself, gave up control, and as he gave up his humanity, his eyes glowed yellow and his hands grew claws that he dug into Sherlock’s back as he thrust himself in and out of Sherlock’s backside. “You’re hurting me, John,” Sherlock cried out as John’s claws dug deeper into his back. John thrust faster and faster with only one goal in mind. “We are going to climax together,” John thought as he began to fill Sherlock with his warm fluid. “Oh God,” John gasped as Sherlock’s own fluid soaked John’s hands. John rocked back and forth wildly for a moment or two longer and then collapsed on Sherlock’s back. Slowly, John’s eyes turned blue once more and his hands became the gentle hands of a surgeon. John looked down at Sherlock’s bloody back in horror. “My God, what have I done?” John thought.
I do a little jump and land in front of him. “We are dealing with a serial killer. This is only the beginning. There will be another murder. The victim will be at home and the second toe will be removed.”
When you spin me around to face you, you are shocked by what you see. You see tears cascading down my alabaster skin. One of them drips on your hand. You look at it as if were poison, which it is. For my tears are laced with fear, self-loathing and regret. I turn away from you and run to my room. I am just about to throw myself on the bed and burrow under the covers when you burst in. “Sherlock, talk to me-NOW.” You shout.
Molly smiled at him. “You will, Sherlock, you will.”
Laura pulled down John’s lower lip with her thumb, letting it linger in just the right place. When John shifted uncomfortably Laura smiled, “It sounds deadly dull.”
A high pitched scream filled the air, and then Sherlock remembered where he had heard the sound before. It was the screech of a Golem. The horrible creature came into view; it was even more hideous by flashlight. John was the first to react as he stepped forward and quickly wielded his sword out in a challenge. Sherlock took a deep breath as he watched John in action. The passionate way John fought filled Sherlock with desire and horror. His John so sweet, so loving, so sexually charged, hacked the creature to death in a manner of seconds. No one said anything as the evil creature breathed its last.  When John was satisfied that the Golem was dead, he took a rag out of his pocket and cleaned off his sword. Sherlock tried to ignore the arterial spray that covered John’s shirt as he approached the rest of the party. “Let’s go, the Golem are going to smell the blood and this place will be covered with them in a few minutes.” John said as he motioned for the party to follow him.
Sherlock’s eyebrows went up in surprise,” A Doctor? Well, that’s a comfort, in case I get sick or anything.” Sherlock said as his voice awkwardly trailed off. “Well, Doctor Watson, are you traveling alone?”
Sherlock leaned forward, still holding John’s hand and said, “221B Baker Street and make it quick.”
Sherlock felt there was something wrong with the situation and yet he had no choice, “Fine, let’s go and remember you don’t get the necklace until I see John.”
“A dragon,” I whisper.
Mrs. Hudson smiled as she placed a dinner plate in front of John and Sherlock in turn. “Now, I am only cooking you both dinner because of your long journey. So, don’t expect this treatment every evening.”
“Just let me take a shower,” John growled.
Mycroft smiled in a placating way. “Undocumented as it applies in this instance is when a work of antiquity has been taken from a tomb without proper records. For example, many tombs were plundered by treasure hunters heedless of where the items came from, they were ripped from their sepulchers only to reside in an English Manor House, undocumented.”
He grabbed his laptop and handed it to her. She studied the screen, then looked up at him. “This is unusual but it could work, but without a PET scan I would have no idea whether your formula would do him more harm than good.”
Sherlock put John in the bath first and then slid in behind him. “God, this is heaven,” John thought as Sherlock washed his back and then squeezed out the warm water on his neck. “That feels so good, thank you.” John said as he reached up for Sherlock’s hand. They sat in the bath for at least an hour relaxing in silence until John stirred, “Sherlock, I’m shriveling up to nothing.”
“Just show me your calculations.”
Reluctantly, Sherlock pulled himself away from John’s embrace, not minding when a long string of saliva that connected then lengthened and then snapped away leaving a bead of moisture on John’s lower lip.
After we are spent, we lay in each other’s arms, not like participants from a debauched orgy, but as lovers, worshiping each other’s uniqueness. Like snowflakes we are all three different. We enhance each other. I look over at the corner of the room. The dragon is there—waiting. I smile, it won’t win, not with You and Anderson by my side.
I hang my head, for I have indeed lost this game. “John, I’m sorry,” I say.
They had only gone a short way when Laura stopped her horse. “What is that howling noise?”
Sherlock nodded and rode the elevator down, and as the car sank further and further down, Sherlock felt that he had been played and he hated himself for ever letting his heart run his head.
I read the message again and again. John will be home in two weeks. I stand outside on the side walk and take a deep breath. The London air is crisper, the traffic less noisy, the world is right again. John. A cab whooshes by, making the tails of my coat flutter in its wake. Once again a heaviness settles over me.
“Married?” Sharon asked.
John knew how upset Sherlock must be to show his vulnerability, so John said jauntily, ignoring the throbbing in his temples, “Fine, just a scuffle that’s all.”
My groin leaps to attention and I want to yell at it. “No, it definitely turns me on. The physical combinations of us being together is intriguing.”
Sherlock held John in a tight, protective embrace. Whatever happened he would keep John safe.
Sherlock looked at John like a quizzical puppy and said innocently, “What? It’s not as if the owners were going to use them and they were just lying unused in a cabinet of unclaimed items.”
“Ah, Wiggins I will miss you. Now hurry get me the black beakers, the game is definitely afoot.”
Sherlock turned in her direction and then snapped, “Get out.”
John placed his hand on Sherlock’s chest as he talked. For Sherlock’s deep voice made his chest rumble like a purr. “My little pussy-cat,” John said as he stroked the side of Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock paused, his face red from effort, his breathing ragged, and then he looked down at John’s calm expression as his hands reached up and caressed Sherlock’s sweaty neck. The lamp from the bedside table illuminated John’s body as it waited for Sherlock, his knees relaxed, his legs opening up for Sherlock.
Sherlock looked up at her in irritation. “Some nurse at the hospital that he took a fancy to. He claims that she was shot and that they had a child together.”
“Yes, and I was terribly cruel to you.”
“I’ll take a cut in pay,” Sherlock replied huskily as he kissed John’s neck.
“Will they come back to us?”
John decided to play up his cover a bit, “God, I could do with some cash, Sherlock is used to a certain lifestyle and I haven’t the heart to tell him that we are going to be broke soon.”
You scratch the side of your face. “That’s because it’s usually you that causes all the trouble.” Then you take a step towards Mrs. Hudson. “Look I’m sorry you had to find out this way, but we aren’t just fooling around. We are all in a relationship with each other.”
“Yes, you are.”
“What’s that dear?”
Sherlock glared over at Mycroft, “Well, now is a fine time to quote scripture. We need to use our heads not quote scripture.”
I am just about to join you both when a hear a sharp ping and then the sound of impact. A red dot appears in the middle of Mary’s forehead. A viscous river of blood runs down Mary’s nose and then her cheek. Even before she hits the ground I know she is gone. People shriek and run for cover. I run towards you as bullets rip through the soft drifts of snow.
John was relaxed and groggy after him and Sherlock’s love making session that morning. Sherlock reached an index finger out and played with the hair on the back of John’s neck as he pushed the wheelchair into a dark, hookah pipe smoked filled room. John leaned back into Sherlock’s discrete touch as his detective surveyed the room like a blood hound. Sherlock’s gaze became intent, then his eyes widened slightly as he spotted the piano player in the center of the room. He wheeled John’s chair through the crowded dining area with ease, coming to a stop just short of the piano player’s chair.
Sherlock’s heart rate shot up, when he finally had John strapped in. Topped.
Mycroft gives him a gentle push. “Time to shine, little brother.”
Sherlock rolled over on his back and then gasped and rolled back over on his stomach. John’s gentle voice whispered in his ear,” Sherlock, my love hold still.” John tended to Sherlock’s wounds and wept silently. He then gave Sherlock a sleeping potion and left the room. Still crying John made his way to Clare’s room. As if sensing his arrival Clare waited for John on the porch, the snow swirled around her and the wind whipped her white hair around her face, making it seem like an extension of the snow.
“How should I know?”
I haven’t spoken to Anderson since the accident. You dearest John, have visited him quite often. He is to be released from hospital today. I stand just outside his room, listening to the myriad of home care instructions the doctor is giving to you.
John suddenly felt as if he couldn’t breathe when Sherlock smiled at him. “Sherlock, let’s change the subject okay?”
I stare at Anderson and then smile. I am going to make this the date from hell. I start first by grinding my pelvis into his back as we ride on his motorcycle through the rain soaked streets of London. Everything is wet, just the way I like it.
Sherlock’s mouth felt dry and he wanted to weep, but he just sat there in silence. When he finally looked over at Mycroft, tears were coursing down his face and without a word he took his brother’s hand. A half-hour later, and that’s where Mrs. Hudson found them, frozen in terror like garden gnomes.
Sherlock sighed. “There’s has got to be a logical explanation, other than some superstitious mumbo jumbo.” He snapped and then Sherlock glanced over at Clare, as he thought of the Golem they had seen. “Okay, so maybe there is something strange a foot. However, there has got to be a way to stop them. “
“Four murders and two disappearances on this cruise line, all different genders, all different ages, all different races, all different socio-economic backgrounds. The only thing they have in common is that a black orchid was sent to each of their staterooms shortly before they were murdered or had disappeared.” Sherlock mused aloud as he drummed his fingers on his laptop and then he stopped for this case did have similarities to another case that Sherlock had solved. “Could this be a copycat?” Sherlock thought as he looked down at John’s blonde hair fear clutching at his heart, for the case could be dangerous and,” John was helpless in that wretched chair,” Sherlock thought bitterly.
Sherlock spread his legs further apart, then grabbed tuffs of John’s hair. “No, but I should have. I’ve fucked up. Please come back to me.”
A few hours later and they were all settled down in a private jet on its way to London. John lay sleeping in an oversized chair and Sherlock watched in fondness as a string of drool ran down his cheek. “Adorable,” he thought as he smiled.
“John, you need to give me time to adjust. I forgot how fucking big you are.”
Sherlock, I am not a poet or a scholar, or a genius like you, I am a soldier, so I hope you will cut me some slack as you read this letter. It is possible that you and I will not see each other again in this lifetime, so I will begin by telling you that you are the best thing that has ever happened to me and that no matter what I love you. I chose to let myself become half Yoma and I hope my sacrifice will not be in vain for I and the warriors of the city have gone to do battle against the three horsemen and their minions, the white horse of disease has already laid siege to London and the other three must be stopped, or they will destroy the earth and everything in it. Sherlock, there are so many things I cannot explain in this letter, but my heart is at ease knowing you are safe, therefore I beg you not to follow me Sherlock and know this if we do not meet again in this lifetime, know that I have been privileged to give and receive love from you.
Sherlock nodded. “Yes, that was a nasty piece of work.”
“I guess the two of us are married to great men, are we not?” Elsa said softly.
I stop and look up at him, my lips are swollen and moist. I lick the corners, then pull him close. His eyes are wide full of pride and guilt. “You, it’s you. You’re the toe slasher.” I whisper.
Then he slept, preparing himself to fight his last battle with the east wind—fire.
“For God’s sake, Georgia how was I supposed to know they weren’t insured?” A man’s voice whined.
The rain pounded against the panes of glass that looked out onto the observation deck as Sherlock paced back and forth hour after hour, growing hurt and angry with each step he took. Around midnight a guard came over, “Sir, we’re closing. Sir?”
John began to speak softly. “I am so sorry. I wasn’t myself. I’m a Doctor, I don’t hurt people.”
Sherlock grinned when he noticed the shiver that passed through John’s body as Sherlock inched closer. By the time the horse stopped the cool of the desert night had been set aflame by Sherlock’s arousal. Sherlock slipped off the horse, spread his coat on the ground and then held out his arms for John. John slid out of Sherlock’s grasp hitting the sand with a soft thump.
Sherlock stood up and patted her on the shoulder, “It’s okay, Mrs. Hudson, it’s okay…”Sherlock said as he moved towards the window. An armored truck rolled through Baker Street and Sherlock could just hear the words, “The city is under quarantine, do not leave your homes unless you have a medical release pass, if no one has a medical release in your household, put the green flag out on your door and emergency supplies will be delivered as soon as possible, if you have dead in your house, put them in the white body bags that have been provided, if you are out of bags wrap up the dead as best you can and put a white flag at your door, noting how many dead are to be disposed of. God save the Queen. God save us all.” The announcement cut off and Britain’s national anthem played over the speaker.
“I can’t hold on much longer,” I gasp.
He looks away and nods. “I’m happy for you, Sherlock.”
John was the first to speak after she left. “What did she mean by that?”
“Oh my, he really has gone off the deep end, hasn’t he? Oh, Sherlock, this is terrible. Well, at least he has the best of care in that private facility you have him in. Is there anything I can get you?”
John laughed and with that sound Sherlock’s world was complete.
Sherlock sighed and looked bored, “The Gabriella is the name of a yacht.”
I open my mouth to reply, but clamp it shut when our waiter arrives. After placing our order, I lock eyes with Anderson’s. His pupils are expanded, making his eyes look black. Just like mine. We stare at each other until our drinks arrive. I purposely order a drink with a cherry in it. Anderson watches as I pluck the plump, processed red fruit into my mouth. His hands tremble as I make a show of licking it.
Sherlock shrugged. “Who cares? Maybe she’ll sell it to the Russians, or maybe she’ll keep it.”
Your expression sobers. “Oh, Jesus, Sherlock, what’s going on?”
Sherlock swallowed back the tears that made his throat hurt and burn as he held out his arms to John. John smiled and as he did Sherlock felt the mental stress that kept him constantly searching for intellectual stimuli, drift away into a cloud of euphoria. John pulled Sherlock’s naked body towards his own until they fit perfectly together. “If we could only stay this way forever,” Sherlock thought as John reached up pulled his head down for a deeper kiss.
Laura raised an eyebrow. “Well, it’s a good thing I’m the best then, isn’t it?”
Sherlock was starting to get angry. He didn’t like being teased, especially in front of Clare. “Stop it, John. You are beginning to annoy me and probably Clare too.”
John watched the snow falling out of the window of the medical clinic as the last of the carolers left, and even though he couldn’t possibly hear their laughter, he could swear he heard them, high pitched, and joyous full of hope for the future. John smiled sadly for he didn’t know whether to envy or pity them. His pain was severe and John shifted his weight in the wheelchair in a futile effort to get comfortable. After a few moments of twisting, grimacing and grunting, John gave up and just sat back and waited for a medical transport van to take him home. As he was waiting the head nurse came up and bent down on one knee so that she was eye level with John. John knew the gesture was meant to make him feel at less of a disadvantage, but all it did was make him feel like a baby in a stroller.
You trace the line of my jaw. “You strike me as versatile. I want to feel you, Sherlock.”
The limo slowed and Sherlock looked out the window. Fog swirled around the vehicle as it inched its way forward like a ship coming into harbor. Harbor but not safe harbor. As they filed out of the limo Sherlock looked around him. He helped John disembark from one wheeled form of transportation to another-his wheelchair.
John’s only answer was to lick behind Sherlock’s ear. When John’s fingers made their way to a particular spot, Sherlock gasped. “Jesus, John maybe we should wait until…” Sherlock’s protestations trailed off into a useless whisper, as John became more aggressive with the physical stimuli he applied to Sherlock’s body. Sherlock’s head leaned back against John’s collar bone, so that John could see each response that flashed across his face.
A few hours later John came instantly awake. “Someone else was near,” he thought as he reached for his sword.
“He still left,” I say as I pout.
For a moment it seemed as if John was high, but as John clutched at Sherlock’s arm, Sherlock began to have his doubts, however like a true scientist he didn’t panic, he just wrote down the events as they unfolded. Sherlock dislodged himself from John’s grasp and sat back to see what would happen next.
John stands in front of my bed, his stance that of a soldier protecting a fellow soldier. He then turns to me. “Sherlock, it’s for your own good,” he says as he lays a gentle hand on my shoulder.
I struggle with him, brother against brother. I sucker punch my own brother, barely noticing as he hits the ground.
When she stopped, Sherlock almost ran into her. “He’s in here, but you can only stay a few minutes.”
“Hello?”
Sherlock was about to snap at John. Then he looked down at John’s smiling face and he became transfixed. Sherlock reached out towards John. John reached up and took Sherlock’s fingers in his hand and brought them to his lips. “John, you undo me. You have since I first set eyes on you.”
Sherlock leaned his head to one side.  “And this isn’t disturbing me?” Another clap of thunder made John want to dive under the covers.  Sherlock swatted John on the butt. “Get to bed John Hamish Watson.” As Sherlock pushed open his bedroom door, his white Afghan dog Confetti nudged his way past John, jumped on the bed and burrowed his head under the covers. Each bolt of thunder brought a howl from Confetti that sent shivers down John’s spine.
I looked at him through glazed, lustful eyes. “What…” I gasp.
“Oh, Sherlock, what’s happening?”
“Who?”
Mycroft rolled his eyes and sat down on the couch. “Do you remember our old estate, Musgrave?”
I do as you request and then look at you in concern. “John, you’ve lost too much weight. Let Mrs. Hudson fatten you up.”
John laughed. “Sherlock, I know when you are fake crying, just quit screwing around and join us. I’ll give you a few minutes to compose yourself and if you’re not out and in the living room, I will drag you in there myself. So, get with it. Oh and by the way, I know you’ve been using again and that had better stop, or I’ll have you locked away in the dungeon.”
John nodded, “Sherlock, I know that took a lot for you to admit, but I’m a Doctor, remember? Sherlock, I’m your Doctor. Now hook your legs across each arm of the chair and scoot down a little.” John said as he reached forward to work Sherlock’s pants down. When John touched him Sherlock flinched making John pause in his ministrations, “Sherlock, are my hands too cold?” John asked softly.
John lay in Sherlock’s arms, in a state of post-coital bliss, the sun had just come up and Sherlock reached over and turned off the lamp on the night side table as he gently ran his long fingers over John’s chest, lightly touching his skin only pausing to rub his thumbs on multiple parts of John’s neck, his sternum and then Sherlock moved his hands slightly to the right and slightly to the left, making circular motions until John put his hands around Sherlock’s waist and squeezed. Sherlock smiled as he straddled his body over John’s, shifting his weight to his knees so as not to make John uncomfortable. “Good Morning, John Watson,” Sherlock said letting John absorb the low dulcet tones of his voice as well as the tactile sensations from his roaming fingers.
John grimaced when he moved into another position. “Mycroft, stop being cryptic and tell me what’s going on.”
Sherlock tore himself out of Jake’s grasp and kneeled down beside John’s body. Sherlock gently kissed John’s cold lips, and then reached for John’s sword. As Sherlock wobbled to his feet with John’s sword, he knew what he wanted to do. He wanted to plunge the sword into his own heart, after all his real heart-John, lay dead at his feet, so what difference would it make to actually deprive his body of breath. Without John his life would be a living tomb. Sherlock raised the sword and was about to take the plunge when a strong grasp ripped the weapon out of his hand.
“Oh, Sherlock are you sure you won’t share? He’s so delicious. I could eat him up in one sitting,” Laura said as she jostled John’s hair.
John shifted in the saddle. “Not to mention all the men under your employ at the site.”
Why did you faint? If I knew the human heart as well as I know the human mind I would know. Not knowing is almost as hard as being bored. I’m tired. The mysteries of John Watson’s heart will have to be deduced at another time.”
You back away. “Jesus, Sherlock you sound like we’re a couple.”
Sherlock waited, and waited and waited.
John stared ahead of him and then looked at Sherlock, “Sherlock, what’s happening?”
Anderson stands before me, the only thing unchanged are his sad, blue eyes. “You like the bike?” I nod still unable to believe Anderson’s transformation. He blushes under my gaze and looks down. “Well, I kind of went crazy after my wife left me and when I thought you had killed yourself.”
Wiggins folded his arms across his chest. “It’s the no-contract phone you asked for.”
John looked quizzically at Sherlock and said, “Sherlock, do what you must, this cabin is geared towards the handicapped, I’ll be lonely but quite comfortable.”
The last question sent Sherlock over the edge. “Okay, that’s enough. John would never cheat on me.”
“Fuck, Sherlock, suck me off.”
John grimaced at Sherlock as he slurred his words. “What?”
John crawled towards Sherlock. “Sherlock, you enjoyed that?” John’s voice was full of panic and skepticism.
“Sherlock, open your inner memory and tell me what you see.”
Sherlock then made his way to the bathroom, where John waited for him. John’s hair stuck to his face in wet strips, tempting Sherlock to carry him away to the bed. He sighed.
“No, she just told me.”
Mrs. Hudson laughs. “Neither does warm milk.”
Sherlock nodded his head in quick static movements. “Yes, yes you told us that continue on.”
John smiled, then frowned. “What do you think Laura is going to do with the cipher?” he whispered.
I lean back on the couch, satisfied that I made something rise in you, even if it is only your ire, it will have to do. An incoming text takes my mind off of you. I sit up, for it sounds intriguing. The institution that I visit now and then when I need to satisfy my carnal needs has a case for me. I can’t tell you about it, so I run up to my room. Once there I rim my eyes in kohl, put on a netted shirt that shows off my nipple ring. I then sneak into your room, grab your stripped shirt and one of your jackets. I put the collar of my jacket up, pull a scarf around my face and run down the stairs. Before you or Mrs. Hudson can question me I am out into the night air-alone.
John watched Sherlock’s lips as he talked and then placed his index finger on Sherlock’s lower lip. “Oh, I wouldn’t say that Mister Holmes.”
Anderson doesn’t answer. He just looks up at me with a coy smile. I hear your laughter from the doorway. “Oh Sherlock, he got you good, but no matter I’m a doctor and I could tell your pulse was racing from here.”
Molly stepped forward with Rosie in her arms. “Would you like to hold her?”
I want to ignore him, but I don’t. “I was beaten and…raped in an Eastern European Prison.”
Mycroft nodded to the commander. “What is it, Sherlock?”
“No, according to John, they fucked like rabbits, then she disappeared.”
Sherlock felt along the ceiling until he found what he was looking for. A secret panel. They all watched in anticipation when he reached inside and held up a key. His victory was short lived though, for the cabinet groaned, creaked, then gave way, unable to sustain his weight. Its usefulness came to an end when Sherlock plummeted through its center.
Tears fill my eyes. “I just can’t. Now go and don’t worry I will find you.” More police cars rush past the window. “Go, now hurry.”
“I’m seldom wrong. What are you talking about?”
“Get me a cigarette then and no low tar.”
Sherlock giggled and answered, “Yes, Doctor.”
You are by his side in an instant. Your face is grim, while you work to stem the flow of blood.
He hands over his phone, I pull up the notes section, and type up a list, then hand it back to him. He takes it, covers his face with one hand, then looks back at me. “I’ll get you what you need because we are in crisis, but you are wrong about one thing.”
You stumble back as I release you. After a moment or two you get your breathing under control. “Sherlock, this case is unsafe. You could get a disease. I want you to stop it now, or I’ll leave. I’ll leave Baker Street and never come back. I’m not bluffing. I mean it.” There is a silence between us, it makes my stomach queasy. “Sherlock, please quit the case,” you whisper.
“Hmm, I don’t remember ordering any room service, but please wheel it over in the corner,” John said as he pointed.
I shrug her off. “Nonsense, nothing is going to happen to you.”
“Sherlock, are you going to put on a robe or something?” You ask, you beg.
“What is it, Sherlock? Is everything okay?” John asked in a clear, strong, tone. He was instantly alert and ready for any challenge.
Sherlock held the violin up and smiled, “Grandma, join me at the piano,” he said as he tightened up the hair of bow.
John folded his arms across his chest. “Are you saying Sherlock is a drug addict?”
A few hours later Sherlock, awoke the room was empty and dark. Confetti lay at the bottom of his bed growling at John as he stood in the doorway.
Hugh held out his hand for John to shake. John took it and held onto his hand a little longer than necessary. It was fun to watch Sherlock fume. “How nice to meet you Hugh, I’m a great admirer of your work. I just love your new CD,” John gushed as he smiled at Hugh.
John looked up at Sherlock and laughed. “So, we’re going to explore Casablanca in search of a woman named Elsa. I just find it ironic, don’t you?”
I say nothing.
He then pushed her at John, “Okay, go at it,” Sherlock said as he gestured towards the bedroom.
John knew all right, he knew all about the “A” list and their frantic attempts to stay on top; however if he were going to find out about the couple that he had overheard the night before, the Captain’s table would be the place to garner information.
Sherlock smiled wickedly at John. “Really John, you’d think from your lack of insight that you had been the one that was beaten senseless last night.”
“Tomorrow,” Sherlock whispered.
“You are positively macabre,” you reply, handing off Alice to Mrs. Hudson.
Sherlock didn’t reply. He walked over to the fireplace put a piece of paper on it, then stuck a knife through it.
“It’s okay, she means us no harm. She is mourning for her mate apparently he is in Clare’s world and can’t figure out how to get back. Rathery is her name and she is a dragon. Her kind went into hiding after Saint George killed a dragon in Libya during the 13
Sherlock leaned forward, “It’s just as I said I plan to get married in six months, and in the meantime I will work on painting, composing and my detective cases.”
Anderson swallows. “Umm, there’s been another murder. It’s just as you said. This one took place in the home of the victim and his second toe has been removed.”
John told Sherlock what the two dragons had told everyone in the village the previous night. To save this world and Earth, the inhabitants of Clare’s world must go to battle to gain control of the portal access. Only then could both worlds be saved. Sherlock frowned, “So, why can’t we just do battle from home-London? For that matter why not just destroy the portal?”
Sherlock sighed, for he wasn’t through tormenting John yet, “What does it matter? If they were exposed to this Black Death, they are probably already dead. What can I do? Nothing, so it’s boring, you’re boring. This whole conversation is BORING.” Sherlock said as he propped his legs up again on the cushion.
Annette smirks. “Whatever you say, Mr. Holmes.” She then leads me to a room where I let my John Watson, work me over, then over then over again. A few hours later I lay in his arms smoking a cigarette as he proceeds to give me a crash course in sex worker 101. I smile. The game is on. I am going to love this case.
By the time I reach the crime scene, Lestrade is livid. “Where have you been? I need to let forensics in.”
Sherlock looked at the woman and John in disgust as they howled and pulsed inside each other. “Fine,” Sherlock thought as he approached the side of the bed and announced. “John, ready or not here I come.” Sherlock said as he positioned himself behind John and got to work. Somehow Sherlock got through it but he hated the three way, it was so messy and noisy. Maybe it was because he wasn’t in the middle; because John seemed to be enjoying it for Sherlock recognized John’s moaning as he experienced orgasm. Sherlock had no such luck and just lay curled up afterwards on his side. He had almost forgotten the real purpose of this whole act and as John lay there pulsing and shuddering; Sherlock propped his head up on one elbow and ordered the woman to get her clothes on and get out. After the woman left, Sherlock straddled himself over John and actually felt a pang of jealously as he watched John grow soft again. There was something about John experiencing the process with another person that made Sherlock angry. “The least he could have done was to fake it,” Sherlock thought viciously as he jabbed the needle into John’s neck.
You are stubborn John-you don’t leave. “Tell me straight up right now, Sherlock or I’ll call…I’ll call Mycroft. Sherlock, please,” you whisper gently. Your breath tickles the inside of my ear, leaving a small space of humidity.
John stroked himself, then looked up at Sherlock. “Then devour me.”
John slyly glanced at Sherlock from out of the corner of his eye. “I’ll just bet you can’t.”
Sherlock fought to acquiesce, but was prisoner to the voices that whispered inside his head. The voices that plagued him every day. He couldn’t remember a day without their relentless assault on his peace of mind.
Sherlock was as unpredictable as the wind and John was taken aback when Sherlock, hopped in bed beside him, carefully avoiding the tubes of his IV and began to kiss John rather ardently on the lips. Every beep and blip on John’s hospital bed monitor careened wildly out of control, as Sherlock’s kiss deepened.
I open my eyes. I lay in his arms. The look on his face is enough to burn the heart out of the most stalwart individual.  John has left himself open. For it is obvious that my death would destroy him. His eyes are swollen. He has been crying on and off for about 6 hours. For that is how long it would take for the skin under his eyes to appear, red and puffy. John extends his hand towards me and pulls me out of the primeval looking ooze.
Sherlock grabbed Clare roughly and slammed her against the wall. “I don’t care if he’s the fucking Anti-Christ, just bring him back.” Sherlock hissed through clenched teeth.
The room full of diners could contain themselves no longer, as they all started to laugh. Sherlock smirked, “John, we aren’t fooling anyone, come over here and join me.”
Anderson shakes his head. “Sherlock…..,” my name comes out in a hiss.
As you pull her into your arms, warm blood flows down her neck cooling as it drips into the freshly created snow angel’s wing. My mind calculates that the warmth from her body is dissipating. Soon the ground underneath her will give way to the cold grip of winter.
Clare was the first to approach him. “John, you smell the scent of the Golem.”
I turn around and he positions me so that I lie in his arms like a child. “Anderson…. I’m not sure exactly what’s going on between the two of us, but my heart will always be John’s.”
He looked confused. “My blog? I don’t write in it anymore. What’s the point?”
“It’s my birthday, our birthday…
As we leave the scene I hear Lestrade mutter, “What the hell is going on?”
Sherlock slid out of John’s grasp and went to run a bath for the two of them. When he came back John noted the red splotches on Sherlock’s face, the red-rimmed eyes that stared back at him making John gasp at the power they had over one another, for Sherlock the machine had been crying. John swallowed and then grinned, “Did you put bubbles in the bath?” He asked suggestively.
I smile. “I’ll be there in a minute to help you muddle through. Oh, by the way, she’s also a vegetarian.”
The woman realized she was no match for Sherlock and so she mentally adjusted and asked, “So, ivory man, how are you going to pay for a guide?” She spat.
Sherlock chuckled as he stopped what he was doing and looked up at John. “Nonsense, no person could possibly know everything. I specialize.”
Your eyes grow large, then you smirk. “You’ve got a lot of explaining to do, Sherlock. We’ll deal with this together.”
You smile in triumph. “And that’s the Sherlock we all know and love.” Then we are both silent.
John immediately responded. “Oh God, yes,” John groaned as he sucked hard and harder on Sherlock’s bloody fingers. When he had sucked them clean, John began to kiss Sherlock, biting his lip so that he could taste more of Sherlock’s blood.  The villagers stood by and watched in horrified fascination, for they knew better than to disturb a creature like John. John sucked on Sherlock’s lip a few more seconds and then stopped. His breathing was heavy and the corners of his mouth had blood caked in them. John’s eyes went from golden to blue as he stared at Sherlock, as if it were the first time he had seen him. “Sherlock, what have I done?” John whispered.
“Well, I guess we’ll have to see what happens.”
Anderson follows me. I open my mouth to say something and then shut it as Anderson asks, “Sherlock, do you need a ride home? I have an extra helmet.”
“What are you thinking?” you whisper.
As the sun began to dip below the horizon Sherlock swore. They weren’t making good time. Though he didn’t voice his frustrations aloud John felt guilty.
“John, you’re beautiful,” he moaned.
Unconvinced, Sherlock gently moved John’s hand away as his long fingers explored the red marks on the back of John’s neck. John sat stock still, willing his body not to respond to Sherlock’s touch. “John, what shampoo are you using?” Sherlock asked as he moved John’s neck to the light where he could examine the little red welts that were starting to crop up on his skin.
As John advanced on the trembling messenger, the Shaman came and stood between them, “John, you have greater problems than Sherlock. You must focus on the task at hand, for if you destroy the three remaining horsemen, the fourth will fall.”
I grab his chin. “To quote the immortal Mr. Spock, Anderson, ‘After a time, you may find that having is not the same as wanting. It is not logical, but it is often true.’ Now get ready it’s going to be a long night.”
“Sherlock, are you okay?” John asked as Sherlock’s eyes teared up.
Mycroft chuckled at their discomfiture. “Irene Alder is the woman who beat Sherlock.”
“Oh my God,” John said as he thought of his friends. “Well, I thank God Sherlock is safe here.” John said aloud as he breathed a sigh of relief.
John reached over and turned on his internet radio station, and as the sounds of Japanese music filled the air, John screamed out, “Oh God, oh God, take me, take me Fernando.”
Mrs. Hudson wrung her hands. “Sherlock, what have you done, now?”
Sherlock smirked. “A night of passion? How would you know about such things?”
Not wanting a repeat of their last cab ride, Sherlock scooted as far away from John as he could get.
Sherlock could hear his own heart hammering in his ears, as he got on his knees before John and slipped off John’s jacket. It was just like that night, however, this time Sherlock reached up and unbuckled John’s jeans. John could feel his chest tighten as Sherlock put his arms around John’s buttocks and slipped off his underwear. Sherlock, slowly and methodically eased John’s underwear down to his ankles, so that by the time John felt Sherlock’s breath on his bare skin, his whole body ached with need. John leaned back against the back of his chair to give Sherlock more maneuvering room. John’s pleasure was Sherlock’s pleasure and as Sherlock met John’s need he briefly reflected that it didn’t matter if he was the recipient or not. John’s look of ecstasy and satisfaction made Sherlock want to weep with joy. How did he ever manage to survive in this cold world without his Doctor?  It was at that moment that Sherlock knew that whatever the future brought the bond between himself and John would never be broken.
My heart starts to pound.
John thought for a moment. Then he smiled. “Umm, you’re not going to believe it.”
Another mind numbing dinner at the Captain’s table made John want to wheel his chair into the sea.
“But why would she do that? What is she after?” John whispered aloud.
I pull away from you. “This is different.”
Angela raised a perfectly manicured eyebrow. “Indeed? That sounds delightful. Follow me.”
Mrs. Hudson patted them both on the head. “Oh and boys perhaps you should think of sound proofing that room a bit.”
Sherlock looked a little confused, shrugged and then his face lit up, “John, that’s it. What kind of wood are cuckoo clocks made of?” Without waiting for an answer, Sherlock rambled on, “Linden wood-Linden-Linden, why does that name sound so familiar? Linden-Linden, oh yes that must be it the Linden Case. John, do an internet search for the Linden Case, check November 2013.”
“Sherlock, easy, you probably have a concussion.” John whispered gently as he took Sherlock’s pulse.
“Come on, let’s go inside and I will tell you what you slept through,” John said as he gently took Sherlock’s arm and guided him to shelter and warmth.
Sherlock smiled,”I was just beginning to think attractive people didn’t travel anymore and then here you are.”
They were to meet Hugh and Laura at an oasis of her choosing.
I smile.
“Explain,” a clipped voice demands.
She then jumps on the bed and begins to wrestle with me. “Oh yeah, then what’s this?” Mary asks as she playfully reaches her hand underneath the sheet.
Laura smirked. “John, you are an adorable package. I’m sure you’ll think of something.”
“It’s an ancient object that lay in neglect. I liberated it from a slow death.” I say as Anderson pulls out a joint. He brings it over to the bed while I reach over and grab my lighter from the floor. Anderson turns away as the sheet slips away. I cover myself in one haste motion and then we light up. After a few inhales we are giggling. I feel dizzy as I lay back in Anderson’s arms. He smooths my hair back from my forehead as he says, “Sherlock, you have to get clean. After all you have an intriguing case now. You shouldn’t have to use.”
“He has just been knocked unconscious, he will be fine,” Clare stated in a flat tone as if she were reading a shipping forecast.
Sure enough a dour nurse pumps something into my IV and you, dear John and Beethoven are gone.
“I thought I told you to shut-up.”
“Molly, the herbal mix is to assist me. It is all about the work for me. The herbs keep my libido in check. Sometimes my human body betrays me. It is at that this time that I bury it. I will not be ruled by anything but my intellect. Passion is painful, is it not Molly? Unrequited passion is like a cancer, destroying everything in its path.”  The words hurt her but I don’t care. It is all about the work.
Wiggins bowed. “Yes, your liege.”
Lestrade walked over and stood in front of Sherlock. “Is that it? You mean no analyzing, telling us what they ate for breakfast, whether the victims were right or left handed, how the tread was worn on their shoes, etc.?”
Sherlock turned a tear stained face to where his once vibrant friend Daniel lay. His eyes were glazed over revealing his catatonic state and nothing more. If the eyes were the window to the soul his had been drained away until the essence inside bled out becoming an empty vessel.
John rocked back and forth on his heels. “Sherlock, if it wasn’t for me doing little mundane chores, we’d starve to death.”
John stopped talking when he saw Sharon coming through the double doors and he shook his finger at the girls, “Now, I know why you tried to hold me here,” he said as Sharon approached him.
It feels as if the nerves in my arms have caught fire. John is still not home. I grind my teeth together. I creep down the stairs and walk out into the night. Like an undead creature I make my way across town. I withdraw enough money from my account so as not to arouse Mycroft’s suspicions and then I get the rest from a secret account no one knows about. With money in hand I buy enough substance to last for a few days.
Mrs. Hudson smiles at me. “Now, finish your tea and go up and keep Anderson company.”
John took the package and looked down, “I don’t have anything for you.” He said as he carefully un-wrapped the package.
He ran across the room and grabbed Wiggins by the throat. “Shut up, just shut the fuck up before I squeeze the life out of you.” Then he began to hurl whatever he could grab against the wall. The deafening noise of shattering plates, silverware, utensils and books filled the room when each object smashed against the wall. Wiggins cowered on the floor, with his hands, covering his ears.
Sherlock stared unwaveringly into John’s eyes, “Goodnight, John.”
“I cheated on you with Anderson.”
John nodded as her nuance found its mark, “Yes, yes we are,” John echoed.
John parried with his sword, miraculously he kept his balance, as he sliced at the Golem’s knees. Sherlock stood transfixed. There was no way John should be fast enough to block that attack, yet somehow he did. Sherlock stumbled against the wall, as Clare shoved past him to assist John. Her monstrous transformation took place as she battled the Golem. The Golem slashed into her abdomen with the metal prongs on the end of the mace. Even though the wound bleed profusely, Clare kept fighting as if she didn’t notice. John crept up behind the Golem. The Golem realizing he was outnumbered slammed his elbow into John and ran through the shattered entranceway. John fell to the ground like a rag doll. Sherlock had his arms around Mrs. Hudson to protect her. For moment no one moved. A dog barked and howled in the distance. Clare was the first one to get up; she walked over and took John’s pulse.
You shout again, the veins are showing thru the thin skin of your neck, they are so beautiful so blue. Then you threaten Mycroft as you pull a gun on him. John-I am so impressed. Mycroft stops. He could have you killed, but he knows it will destroy me. He orders us both in the limo. Once we are in the limo I look over at you and smirk. You look back at me; your brows are furrowed from anger and anxiety. Dearest John, I have stressed you out, yet again.
“Perhaps, you can keep a personal blog about your experiences with Sherlock.”
Mary winks at me. “Yes, it does.”
I grin back at you and then everything fades….
“No, she wouldn’t, but I would,” Laura said holding a gun to John’s head.
It is starting to rain and Anderson begins to shiver as the rain pelts through his thin jacket. He looks bedraggled, in need of protection. “Come in and get some tea,” I order.
Sherlock looked lost for a moment and then he smiled, “Fine, we’ll order in. John, I’m going to take care of you, I’m going to take care of us both.”
John sank down on the bed and sighed. “Jesus, it’s just my luck to meet the gorgeous Sherlock Holmes.”
I pull my knees up to my chest. How can I shrink away when you won’t let me? “John, it’s good to see you, but things are different now. You have a baby and I no longer fit into your lifestyle. It’s too late for us. I’ll be okay, just leave.”
Without further ado the crew began filming and the interviewer asked Sherlock, “So, when is the wedding going to be?”
“Sherlock, that is against my recommendations. I told you that he needs to remain isolated. He must come to grip with his feelings of loss before he can except that you are not a ghost.”
Sherlock grinned proceeding forward. Piles of rusted out equipment lay scattered around the room and he shivered when passing an abandoned gurney, humming under his breath.
“So, you see that even though his synapses appear to be more productive than his previous scans, he’s still not functioning on all chemical levels.”
“Oh, for god’s sake, Sherlock, what is it?”
“You mean when I thought you were hard at work on your computer, you were actually watching porn?” John sounded outraged.
“My clean shaven Doctor, don’t tell me you are going to lose your composure now? I may not have actually slept with another person, however, I have watched tons of porn on the computer and I have experimented by myself.”
Mycroft watched Sherlock while he slept on one of the Learjet’s recliners. He hadn’t seen his little brother rest so soundly in years. His hawk like features relaxed into a mask of softness, while his chest cavity rose and abated from the oxygen that passed through it. John slept in his chair, while his head lolled against Sherlock’s shoulder.
John took Sherlock by the shoulders and shook him. “Why do you have to defile yourself like this? Sherlock, what is wrong with you?” John cried out as he took Sherlock’s pulse.
“Stop, you were looking at porn and we both know it. I need you in the lab.”
John was already dressed as he sat in his chair. He grimaced as he shifted his weight. “John, are you alright?” Sherlock asked his eyes round and focused on John.
My mouth stands open in shock. Anderson winks at me and then his face betrays his despair. “Our addictions will kill us all and break our hearts,” he says and then leaves me alone with a raging case of morning wood. I take my shower and then hide like a child in the flat, fearful of a lingering bully outside the door. I only emerge when I hear the throttle on his bike roar, carrying him away into the early morning fog.
Embarrassed Sherlock tried to get up, but John held him down. “Where are you going, handsome?” John said as he stuck his tongue in Sherlock’s ear with a quick flick motion in and then out.
He looks at me says nothing, then leaves. A few moments later, he comes back with a rotary phone, a pack of cigarettes and a lighter. He plugs the phone into an outlet along the wall, then steps back. “Now, get to work.”
“You mean you’ve come to poison me?”
“What the hell would you know? Miscreant.” Then Sherlock sat down, when a wave of dizziness assailed him.
You come in carrying baby Alice, with Anderson on your heels. You both look as sexy as fuck. “John, I am feeling much better. Do you think the nanny could give you a day off? I love Alice but I, we need some alone time.”
Sherlock scowled. “It’s nothing. This bandage is bothering me that’s all.”
“Sherlock,” John whispered back at him.
They had traveled about two days, when the boy held up his hand, “The way to Warrior John is through there, “the boy said.
John was just about ready to drift off to sleep in Sherlock’s arms, when he felt Clare’s presence in his mind. It wasn’t like she could read his thoughts; however, John felt a strong urgency like a summons. John sighed put on a robe and quietly opened the door and stepped into the hallway. Clare was there, her eyes glittering in the light like a wild animal. John sighed in irritation.
Doctor Shaw, shook her head. “Sherlock, you’re not listening. This is as good as it’s going to get for him.”
Irene reached for it, licking her lips. Before she could grab it from Sherlock’s hand, Mycroft stepped in. “I’ll take that.”
Lestrade points to the top of the street sign where it is perched. I smile. “This little piggy went to market,” I say.
