‘Correct,’ Strange glared at him from the corner of his eye before turning his attention towards Steve. ‘He fell from approximately 30 feet into these conifers, they didn’t break his fall though.’
So I just finished the last chapter of this fic.
‘You are right,’ Loki gasped as he climbed up the desk and walked towards Tony, his face now only an inch away from his. ‘Will you be my side-kick, Tony?’ he asked as he enthusiastically shifted from one feet to another.
‘Ah, yeah, that explains everything.’ Scott chuckled. ‘No, you see, I can communicate with ants, you know, control them. Plus, I can turn into the size of an ant as well… or a giant. Wait, hold up your hand, kid,’ Scott waited for Loki to do as he said. He put on his helmet and shrank himself, making sure to stand in the palm of the trickster’s small hand.
The doll swallowed but eventually nodded, its fingers digging into the sheets. ‘Please. Please, master.’
‘Doesn’t have to be, though,’ Tony suggested as he pulled a face at the thought. ‘I mean, if a woman is on her peri-’
Tony hesitantly lowered his head. What if Steve did not want to kiss him? Did not even want to touch him? What if he was doing all of this merely because he was his master? He grimaced at the thought, not wanting to put the doll through such forced interactions ever again. ‘We should get some sleep.’ He had to clear his throat before words would come out.
The doll kept a close eye on his master, ready to jump at his every command. He saw Stane grabbing a thick book from one of the many shelves, browsing the pages till he found what he was looking for. He grabbed a key hidden at page 621 and walked towards a small locker.
‘Well, that’s because-’
‘Thor.’
‘Big brother,’ Loki started cautiously as he took a step back, causing Peter’s heart to just shatter into a thousand pieces. ‘Is this true…?’
‘-We were just about to leave,’ Steve spoke, interrupting Tony who had already jumped up from his seat to face the older brother. The blond stood up, following his partner’s lead as they both walked towards the front door. ‘Ah, yes. One more thing, Mister Odinson, why did you not tell us that you were with Mister Barnes the night of the murder?’
‘Mister Odinson, did you kill Mister Killian?’ Steve continued before Thor could even defend himself against his partner.
‘Oh, uh, yeah, name’s Clint, and these two are Natasha and Wanda,’ the archer said as he pointed at the two women at his side, ‘and that,’ he looked at the god of thunder, ‘that’s your Thor.’
Well, here it is. The final chapter of this fic.
‘However?’ Tony repeated, urging Natasha to continue.
Thank you so so much for reading my fic and if you liked it, maybe you will like some of the other fics I wrote as well, such as A Tale of a Trickster and a Spider, or Little Loki's Big Adventure. Both written in the same style, both filled with your favorite adventures and lots of humor. So you might like them. :)
‘Ah, you’re just like Thor,’ Quill scoffed as he ignored the teen’s words with a lazy wave of his hand. He then picked up Loki and placed him in the front of the cart. ‘You ready, kid?’
and out-of-character performance, the god of thunder stared breathlessly at the man. The bright, and most of all, charming smile on Tony’s face as he turned towards the god again made him shiver.
‘Okay, come on then.’ Tony held out his hand and supported the doll till he stood on his own two feet. He guided him towards the bathroom, taking slow and gentle steps. ‘Can you take a bath or shower? You know, without electrocuting yourself?’
‘He has his moments, sometimes,’ Steve chuckled in response. ‘Thank you, Strange, for the report.’
‘Poor thing…’ Natasha sighed, and looked at Steve. ‘What will happen to them? Will they be able to stay in the US?
Also, has anyone ever heard/seen The Blair Witch Project movie?? It makes a small references as well... Movie worth watching btw!
More little Loki coming up in the next chapter, I promise!
‘You are a Disney princess?’ Loki snorted loudly, after which he could not contain his laughter any longer. ‘Well it suits you just perfect, Anthony!’
‘Here, you might like this,’ the soldier said after a moment, handing Loki the comic section, a gentle smile forming on his face as Loki cautiously took it and started the giggle while he read.
‘Yeah, sorry, I really don’t like champagne,’ he said as his face somewhat constricted.
She was sitting on the steps of the front door porch, the cold marble still wet from the rain. She looked up and squinted to protect her eyes from the bright Summer sun that had started to break through grey clouds and saw a dark red sports car driving up the property.
He strode into the kitchen and grabbed the first bottle of liquor he could find. ‘Here’s to the good life,’ He muttered half-heartedly as he raised the bottle to his lips.
‘It must have been a stupid accident,’ Pepper sounded irritated, a hint of uncertainty ringing through. ‘I already told you that we had a couple of drinks before going to bed. Why won’t you leave us alone?! I already spoke with Commissioner Fury!’
‘That’s great, Sam,’ the blond smiled but was quick to continue the investigation. ‘Natasha?’
Steve, Tony, Sam and Natasha were all gathered in the blond’s office. They were silent, Loki’s story leaving them at a loss for words.
‘This is not some bastard child,’ Thor’s voice ringed with irritation, an eye twitching as he lay a protective hand on the little raven’s shoulder. ‘This is my brother! This
Now, I have already received a few comments from people asking why this story only has 6 chapters, so, because of all the enthusiastic comments, I decided to add a new part :). Chapter 3 and chapter 4 were originally one chapter, but I divided them and added some new material! So now, instead of 6 chapters, this story is now 7 chapters long! Hurrah!
‘We still have nothing,’ Steve rubbed his tired eyes. ‘Let’s go have a talk with our youngest suspect. See if we can get anymore information out of him.’
‘Oh, no, I- that’s not what I meant by… You don’t have to…’ Tony muttered half-heartedly as Steve worked his way down, fingers now tangled with his belt.
Loki took a deep breath and stood up, following the two Avengers and leaving a large patch of dead grass behind.
A shivering breeze moved over the floor as the door opened with a screech, a steep stair leading into the basement greeting the teen. The fluorescent lights on the ceiling flickered, the musky smell of mold and dust overwhelming.
The teen nodded slowly. ‘It all started about half a year ago, when mister Stane adopted me and one other girl from the orphanage. I met Steve at his place…’
‘You better get comfortable down there, kid.’ A cold smile formed on Obadiah’s face as Peter looked up at him in a panic. ‘Might be a while before you’ll get out again.’
Like I said, it wasn't really easy to give Strange a good reason to enter the story, but I think this one was okay :)
‘Mister Odinson, there is another reason why we are asking you this,’ Steve started cautiously, though he maintained eye contact. ‘We did some research on Mister Killian. There have been charges pressed against him for sexual abuse.’
‘I don’t think so.’ Strange wrinkled his nose in slight doubt but then shook his head. ‘He was tipsy, at most. I think someone must have given him a push, at least.’
‘… What?’ Scott asked after blinking his eyes.
Don't worry, you won't miss anything important ;)
‘Tony!’ Stane frowned with disbelief as he looked offended. Tony instantly regretted doubting his friend. ‘I can’t believe you actually think I would do this!’ the man calmed down as the other remained silent. ‘Look, kid, I’m sorry you had to see this, but it is not me in that footage. I would have expected you of all people to see that.’ Stane poured another glass of bourbon, then looked Tony straight in the eye. ‘You’re not really
It was only then that he felt a body tightly pressed against his own. It was warm, soft, chest gently heaving in peaceful breathing. He looked down, noticing the contrast of pitch black hair against porcelain pale skin.
‘Lights will go out soon,’ Steve explained. ‘Come on… Let’s try to get some sleep.’ He helped the teen towards their cots and sat down at his own. He watched as Peter just stood in front of his, his back towards the blond.
First of all, thank you so so much for all your awesome comments! You guys have no idea how many times my family/friends/coworkers have raised a questioning brow at me while I stare at my phone, smiling like an idiot XD
Loki looked at the clothes he was wearing. A one-shoulder Greek toga draped down his body, covering endless white legs. A white satin rope carefully knotted around his waist, showing the god’s slim waistline. His alabaster skin in great contrast with the black fabric and black leather wristbands. His hair hanging lose, one side tugged behind his ear. ‘Yes, I believe this is a rather appropriate costume for this festival.’
They walked back towards the sleeping quarters, enjoying each other’s company in silence.
Please know that I always appreciated your amazing comments and the fact that you were even putting in the time to read this fic.
‘To-ny…’ Steve gasped, uselessly trying to get a grip on the wet tiles. ‘If you continue- I… I’ll-’ He tried to warn his partner, but Tony mercilessly continued to suck him off.
‘This is so amazing!’ Loki suddenly shouted. He touched the mechanical wings and squealed even louder as Sam now activated the three miniaturized jet engines, housed in the backpack.
‘I can understand,’ Natasha reacted, her voice equally soft. ‘I think I would have done the same.’
The raven uncomfortably placed his hands on his lap and fiddled with his sleeves, ‘I just like this kind of clothing…’
‘Yes, dear?’ Clint responded with a loving smile.
‘Poor guy,’ Tony chuckled. ‘Fury’s gonna eat him alive.’
‘His name is Aldrich Killian,’ Sam continued to inform. ‘Forty-six years old. No wife, no children. He was a ruthless businessman, has made the news quite a few times for all kinds of charges but was never convicted. He started out with his own company about twenty years ago and quickly made it to the top.’
‘Oh, come on,’ Steve sighed with a smile as he looked at his best friend, Bucky merely returning his gaze with a smirk.
anything would have happened these guys would clearly cover each other, we’re getting nowhere with this.’
‘That must be Thor, maybe he has news on how to break Loki’s spell.’ Steve immediately let go of his boyfriend, quickly looking out a window and catching a glimpse of the Bifröst as it disappeared without a trace, except, of course, for the large mark that it left behind on the concrete driveway.
‘What will happen to Loki?’ Natasha asked Steve but he did not respond. ‘Rogers?’ She tried again, gaining the man’s attention with a short “hm?”. Natasha frowned, ‘What’s wrong?’
‘Tho-or,’ The raven managed to utter between his hiccups and crying.
(See the end of the chapter for
Loki shook his head. ‘No,’ he swallowed thickly, clearly struggling to push the words out of his mouth. ‘There was, more, at some point.’ A trembling smile covered his face, ‘Prices of products go up all the time, this was no exception, that’s what Mister Killian always used to say, haha-ha.’ He forced a laugh.
‘Something the matter, brother?’ Thor asked as he saw Loki looking at the empty glasses in disappointment.
It was disturbing to hear pleading words without emotion, yet what nearly brought tears to Tony’s eyes was the way the doll forced itself to stand, legs covered in ruby-red liquid, body trembling and eyes still blinded.
‘Yes, brother,’ the raven’s voice was soft, his eyes closed as he buried himself under the pile of blankets. ‘Sleep well.’
‘Well, he is an alien on Earth, just like us, Thor.’ Loki smiled as he drank the last of his juice. ‘I mean, I like that he is blue and, and, he came to Earth to destroy it but all it took was someone who had the patience to show him what a real family is like. And, there was even a group of special people to stop him and punish him, but that makes me really sad… I mean, can you imagine what would have happened if they would have actually taken him to prison? While all he needed was someone to be kind to him?’ Loki then looked at the three adults, noticing how they had all fallen completely silent. ‘Did I say something wrong…?’ he asked in a small voice, his big emerald eyes now directed at Thor.
The silence that followed was short to last as Thor barged into the kitchen, tension etched in his face. ‘How dare you interrogate my brother without my consent!’ The blond nearly shouted, his teeth bared in anger.
Just a few more minutes, Thor thought as he closed his eyes again, his arms wrapping just a little tighter around Loki.
The first to walk through was Loki, a backpack hanging from one shoulder. He didn’t look around, directly running towards the large shed at the other end of the garden. He opened his arms and hugged his older brother who was just in time of putting his tools down. They were talking, smiling, nothing but pure love shining through as Thor lowered himself to meet the raven eye to eye. They were laughing, Loki’s enthusiasm only growing as Bucky and Wanda joined the two, bringing them refreshments.
‘Stop the feed!’ Tony shouted the moment the syringe penetrated the sclera, Steve’s horrifying screams bleeding from the stereo.
And yes, he even had to admit that he would not mind trying it out in the bedroom.
Steve stared at his master, tears forming in his eyes as his lips trembled. ‘I don’t know.’
Steve sighed, nervously biting his bottom lip. He didn’t want to be examined again. Didn’t want to lose these few pleasant memories he had with his new master. What if he would not recognize him when he woke up? What if he wouldn’t recognize anything? What if his master will forget about him and he will never reboot and he-
So, first of, thanks for all the AWESOME reviews you guys left me! I really didn't expect this fic to turn out this popular, thank you all so much!
‘I am only permitted to answer questions. It is not my place to talk or wonder.’
The doll nodded eagerly. It opened its mouth, trying to speak but had to close it again.
country in the world.’ She stood up and bend over the table, her eyes filled with tears. She looked Tony straight in the eye as she spoke with quivering voice; ‘Pietro was everything to me, and he was killed for stealing food,’ tears streamed down her face, her voice reducing to a soft whisper, filled with loathing. ‘He was killed for trying to take care of me… Do you know what that felt like?’
And that's it for this fic.
As usual with all the Avengers gathered, lunch was one big chaotic but cozy mess. Steve and Clint had to work overtime in the kitchen now that the always hungry Guardians had come to join them. The two men were more than grateful for Gamora to offer them a helping hand, but she was quickly dismissed as all of her pancakes turned out crispy and, well, scorched.
Again, the doll obliged. He got to his knees and quickly caught the bug, keeping a firm hold yet at the same time being careful not to crush it. It was as big as the doll’s hand, its wings flapping frantically in his palm. Steve looked up at his master for his next order.
He wondered what their new mom would be like. Whether she would be kind and pretty, give them hugs before they would go to school and wish them goodnight when they would go to bed. He wondered what their home would be like. If they would have a big house with a garden or if they would live in an apartment. Maybe they had pets. Cats, dogs, birds, Peter couldn’t wait to find out.
‘Aye,’ the god nodded as he now crouched down, causing Loki to move a few inches back. ‘Loki, how did this… what happened to you?’
So in this chapter, there are quite some references to Beauty and the Beast songs.
in some form of romantic relationship.’ The man’s eyes trailed towards the blond for a split second, knowing that Steve must have heard him even though he did not meet his gaze. ‘You invited him to spend the night at your mansion, right? And not just once.’
‘Not to worry, he will be quite alright,’ another unfamiliar voice sounded, causing Loki to stare past Wanda again. ‘Please, allow me to introduce myself, my name is Vision.’ The android smiled, ‘and you must be Loki. The effects of your spell are quite intriguing, I must say.’
‘Nah, let them argue, they sounded like an old married couple. It was pretty funny, actually.’ Tony then stood up, holding onto the captain’s hands and pulling him up with him. ‘So, what do you say? Netflix? Or maybe we could first share a shower? You do know showering together is way better for the environment, right?’
‘Bucky dropped me off at my room after we finished our rounds,’ Thor stated as he was sitting in the interrogation room of the police station, Steve and Tony patiently sitting in front of him. ‘We heard the shower running, which was strange ‘cause Loki never stays up that late.’
‘Hi, Loki,’ Wanda smiled, picking up the child and holding him in her arms. ‘How are you? Still small I see,’ she asked as she pressed her nose against that of the trickster, causing him to chuckle softly.
‘No! You cannot make me! You are not mother!’
‘Killian’s financials are all in order. He buys companies, helps them grow and then sells them again for a huge profit. He’s pretty successful, only lost money on two investments. I spoke to some of his colleagues, or at least, people who were in the same business, and here is where it gets interesting,’ She waited a moment, making sure she has everyone’s attention. ‘Killian told some of those colleagues that his next project would be Potts Refugee Reception Office, but Pepper turned his offer down. Killian was furious. According to those colleagues, he said that it was all the fault of- and I quite; “Those fucking disgusting refugees”. Killian believed that Pepper would be more open for business if Bucky, Wanda, Thor and Loki were out of her hair. So, he swore he’d take care of this “problem”, personally.’
‘I-uhm, at first, I wanted to barge in, ask him what happened,’ Thor nodded slowly. ‘But, then I saw that he- he had bruises on his arms and on his hips and there were scratch marks on his back. At first I thought he was being bullied at school or, or maybe he had picked a fight, but…’ A tear trickled slowly down Thor’s cheek and he was quick to wipe it away. ‘then I saw the blood and semen dripping down between his legs.’ Thor shut his eyes, his nose wrinkled as he fought bravely against a sob. ‘He was hardly able to stand…’
‘And Killian rapes him,’ Tony growled, spitting out the words in absolute disgust and anger. ‘Loki panics, pushes the drunk man away from him and Killian stumbles out of the window.’
‘So you immediately went inside to check on him,’ Steve noted.
The soft swing of a contrabass filled the air, blending with the tunes of the drums and piano. The song was slow and gentle, guiding a woman’s voice. Surface noise, originating from wear, misalignment and pressing defects, gave the music its characteristic crackle.
Steve froze for a second, ‘I’m sorry that my looks gross you out like that...’
‘Guy looks familiar,’ Tony noted as he bent over their soaked victim and casually studied him.
‘Okay, but, surely you have spoken to him, sometime?’ Tony tried, ‘He was around for almost a year and you can’t avoid him forever.’
Steve had to go, before he would lose his himself completely.
‘Hey, remember Wanda mumbling something in her native language? You think she cursed me or something?’
Tony swiped all images away as he couldn’t take anymore.
‘So it seems,’ Thor grumbled, his eyes then falling on the Winter Soldier who was standing in the distance.
Again, I really hope you enjoyed it. I do have plans for writing a second one... Marvel - and the murder on the Witch...
At that moment, Scott suddenly expanded himself on top of the kitchen table, causing the plates and cups to chatter on the ground as he lay on his back. ‘Yeah, no problem,’ he said in a strained voice, taking off his helmet to take a deep breath. ‘I’m fine,’ he managed to smile but his expression then turned more sour as he noticed Bruce’s peanut butter jelly sandwich sticking to his helmet.
‘Lokes, it’s… It’s okay, come on, we just have to keep walking and find Steve,’ Peter placed a hand on the god’s shoulder as he crouched down next to him, a comforting smile on his face. ‘It’ll all be over very soon, okay? Just hang in there.’
Tony remained silent for a moment. ‘Well, you now have my permission to speak freely.’
Tony ignored the fact that for a split second he could see the doll’s, the
Without a hint of reluctance Steve dug his teeth into the remains of the cockroach. He bit it in half, its gizzard ripping and spilling all over his tongue. The insect’s body fluids ran down the corner of the doll’s mouth and stained his skin. Each bite, each time he chewed, send shivers down his spin, yet he continued to eat. He felt the remnants of the bug’s shell stick to his gums, a leg stuck between his teeth.
‘Watch… a movie…?’ Loki repeated as he tilted his head. ‘Is that fun?’
May I learn better when I return.’
‘Hey, wait up,’ Tony started, wanting to follow the child, but Thor made sure to block his way.
Quill stared at the god for a moment and then laughed, ‘Yeah, right, can you imagine? Lokes and me skipping merrily through a meadow with those little self-made crowns made of daisies?’ The Ravager snorted sarcastically, but as the god of thunder still looked at him with a questionable expression, he quickly continued. ‘No, man, I just need to borrow him for a moment as a translator. You see, normally I would use the translator imbedded under my skin in my neck, but Drax broke it during a fight over the last chocolate chip cookie so... and Loki’s got Allspeak, right?’
The captain chuckled as nodded, giving Tony a kiss as he walked by, earning himself a flirtatious pinch in his ass from the playboy. ‘Peter you want something to drink?’ the blond continued with a slight blush, deciding to ignore his boyfriend’s sly move.
The blond let his glass fall from his hands, the chards scattering all over the marble floor, causing the other three Avengers to turn around as well.
‘My eyes must be deceiving me…’ Loki let out an unamused sigh as he looked at the god of thunder, who was dressed as, well, a god of thunder. ‘You know, when I suggested you should attend this party as Zeus, I was merely speaking in jest, Thor.’
Peter sat in the back of a large black car, another girl, who would now be his younger sister, sitting next to him. He did recognize her, had passed by her many times in the orphanage yet had no idea who she was. They held their bags close to their bodies, remaining very quiet just like their new dad had ordered them to.
‘Oh, but we can,’ Tony smiled as he reached for the door handle. ‘Obstruction of an investigation is something we don’t take very lightly here in America.’
Thor and Loki frowned, wanting to ask what the captain represented.
Did not favor him?
‘Oops…’ Loki mumbled softly as he covered his mouth with his hand, staring at the soldier with wide eyes. He then looked at the frying pan in his hand and quickly hid it behind his back. ‘I am so sorry mister Barnes…’
Hope you will enjoy this chapter ~
Tony let himself slumber in his chair and rubbed his pounding temple. Steve merely sighed.
Thor looked up in surprise first but then smiled as he pressed his lips against his brother’s temple, ‘That is a great idea, Loki.’
‘I just don’t understand why he has to be so damn protective over his brother,’ Tony complained as he and Steve walked thought the doors of the police station. ‘I mean, it’s not like the kid’s five anymore.’
Stark gasped softly as Steve moved a rough hand underneath his shirt, the cold tiles pressed against his back left him shivering. ‘Please, sir,’ he pleaded, throwing his head back as Steve pressed hot kisses in the nape of his neck. ‘be gentle with me.’ He moved a foot between Steve’s legs, then slowly lifted his knee, pressing it against the blond’s half-hard cock.
The file was downloaded onto Stark’s phone, the pictures popping up into thin air for Tony to see.
‘I think it’s about time we did something about those,’ The grin on Stane’s face was almost feral. He closed in, holding the needle just above Steve’s eyes. ‘Not to worry, doll. Soon you won’t remember anything, anyway.’
‘So, it was just an accident after all?’ Tony smirked and he looked at Sam, holding up his hand in which his coworker reluctantly handed him the twenty bucks.
Anyway! Enjoy the rest of your day :D and, for those in different time-zones: HAPPY HALLOWEEN~!!
‘Doctor,’ the god nodded as Strange walked towards him, a serious expression on his face. ‘For what reason do I ow this pleasure?’
‘What?’ Strange raised a brow, ‘I wasn’t trying to-’
‘Hey, it’s okay.’ The billionaire was shocked by the boy’s reaction. He was scared to death and so small as he curled in on himself. ‘I wasn’t going to hurt you. I never really cared for that statue anyway.’
‘He seems rather familiar, would you not agree?’ Thor said as he leaned over the child who was still looking at them with fear written across his face.
The man moaned softly, feeling the warmth of Tony’s leg through his boxers. He let his teeth sink into his partner’s neck, roughly, yet still careful enough not to break his skin. He could never really hurt Tony, not even if his partner wanted him to. He wanted to move his hips against Tony’s leg, to just rut against him and feel the friction through his boxers.
‘It will be finished within five minutes,’ the trickster said and quickly disappeared up the stairs.
The raven swallowed nervously. So that was the stranger’s plan, to put him under some sort of spell. Did he wanted to curse him? Loki cursed under his breath, this would not happen, he would not let the stranger harm him, or his brother, or his new family! He looked at the palm of his hand, focusing all his concentration to conjuring a small knife with the use of his Seiðr.
The raven laid his eyes on a man who seemed to be fiddling on some sort of red and golden full-body armory, singing loudly to the music that echoed through the air, moving his hips along with the beat. He must be working, or playing, it did look like he had a lot of fun. The raven observed the stranger for a moment, wondering whether he should leave or further investigate. Trusting his brother’s words that these people were their friends he ventured further, looking at all the strange technology and weapons which were either carefully displayed or carelessly scattered across the floor. He then turned to the man, who was now writing down some formulas on a large whiteboard, mumbling to himself as he did so.
made a bet!
I don't quite know when I will be able to upload the next chapter since I'm a nurse have to work extra shifts due to Covid19...
‘Not “girl”,’ Steve corrected him, his eyes glued on the tabled Natasha handed him. ‘It was a boy.’ He took a deep breath and shut the tablet down, his attention directed towards his team again. ‘Romanoff, Wilson, I want you guys to take a look into our refugees’ papers. I want to know what would have happened to them if Killian would have succeeded in throwing them out of the mansion. Stark, I want Miss Potts and Thor here, right now. Oh, and Wanda. You know what, bring the whole gang. Put them in separate rooms once they get here.’
‘Yeah, hey, I’ve got some clothes for our Sorcerer Supreme here,’ Clint said as he looked at Loki. ‘Come on, kid, time to ditch that dress shirt.’
blood, and as far as I am concerned that is not royal…’ he then mumbled, ‘though you always act like a spoiled prince, I give you that. You must first marry royal blood to call yourself one, someone such as,’ Thor first wanted to point at himself, but as he saw the playboy’s unamused look, make-up running down his down his face, he shivered and continued. ‘Someone such as the son of T’Chaka.’
‘It doesn’t matter who I am,’ The teen sounded so insecure, scared even as he gulped and adjusting his stance. ‘Y-you have exactly ten seconds to tell me wh-’ He yelped as he tried to take a step back and tripped over a lose shoelace. He tried to grab on to a showcase in his panic to regain his balance but managed to pull it down with him as he fell, causing the glass to shatter and the expansive work of art to break at his feet. ‘Oh no… no, no, no! Mister Stark, I am
‘Oldest does not necessarily mean wisest,’ Loki mumbled, causing Thor to glare at him, irritation twitching his one real eye.
The playboy looked up, meeting the doll’s hollow and milky eyes. ‘You’ll be okay, right?’ he hardly recognized his own voice as it was barely audible. All earlier statements crumbling down as the doll nodded again.
AND! My dearest fellow fic writer, Madame_Edna_Capeless_Authoress, and I are planing to write a fic on Peter Quill and Loki (FrostLord)
‘Build in 1845, has been in the hands of the same family for generations.’ Sam said as he suddenly stood behind the two, a notebook in his hands. ‘Our victim didn’t live here, though. He was just visiting.’ He gestured the two towards the body with a wave of his hand.
‘No, Loki, of course not,’ Thor managed to smile as he took the empty glass from the raven’s hands. ‘You are right, all it took was… was someone to show him love and that he had a place here, among family.’ he then closed his arms around his baby brother, holding him more tightly and giving a tender kiss on his cheek.
Peter’s lips parted for a split second, only for him to jump to his feet again. ‘Where’s Steve...?’ he asked with as much bravery as he could muster. ‘Where’s my dad?’
Thor remained silent for a moment, answering with slightly squinted eyes. ‘Asleep. No witnesses.’
The two glared at each other for a moment but then started to laugh. ‘Same time tomorrow?’ Clint asked as he stored his bow in a specially designed case.
The raven then stopped as he heard the muffled sounds of music coming from a staircase leading down. At first, he thought they would probably lead to a basement but as he now heard a man’s voice singing along to the loud music, he could not help but wonder what secrets would be down there.
It didn’t take long for Tony to be pushed over that edge, filling the doll with his cum. He would have felt ashamed at how quick he came had Steve been human.
The young raven rubbed one of his wrists. He looked utterly lost as he walked back to his brother, one small step at the time. ‘брате…?’
‘Lady Wanda!’ the raven jumped off the teen and ran towards the kitchen entrance, interrupting his older brother and causing everyone to turn around.
‘What?!’ Thor uttered, looking at his little brother who looked back at him with a smirk. ‘That is ridiculous! I just told Loki to take a bath and go to bed.’
, literally. You seem to be glowing.’ The trickster said as he squinted his eyes slightly.
‘This room is a little smaller than the other,’ Steve noticed, after which he observed some of the artwork hanging on the walls. ‘And yet it’s still so big…’
‘Yeah, yeah, get it out of your system,’ Tony crossed his arms with a deadly glare.
The raven looked at himself, noticing now how the color of his skin was slowly turning a dull shade of grey, much like ash. Loki’s breath quickened, his chest heaving as his blood was racing through his veins. ‘We have to make haste…’
After the Chitauri invasion, led by the god of mischief himself, Loki had undergone severe punishment in Asgard. It was then that Thor had decided he would never let his younger brother out of his sight, or rather, out of his life. Convincing his father that Loki should mend his ways on Midgard, taking lessons from the mortals he once tried to rule, Odin laid his final punishment on the raven god; exile to Midgard for a year.
‘I am Groot.’
‘That’s just, oh my god, that’s amazing.’ Peter crouched down and looked at the raven up close, ‘Hey Lokes, uh, Loki, how old are you?’
‘Oh, yeah, almost forgot, your new web fluid, did you test it? I changed the formula, so I-’
‘It’s always such a miracle how you solve these cases so quickly, Stark.’ Strange snarled in disapproval.
The man froze, his gaze daring the machine to continue.
‘Yes, this is your room, Loki.’ Thor sat down on the trickster’s bed and stared into the simplistic, almost clinical chamber. His brother didn’t have much personal belongings except for a closet with his clothes and shelves filled with rows and rows of books. In the corner of his room stood a dark oak desk, a pile of books, some pens, and a small lamp standing on top of it. And finally, there was his bed, the only item which showed any form of luxury as it was a top brand furniture. Loki always valued his good night’s sleep.
The blond sighed as he tried to make out his feelings. He was happy the spell had apparently ceased to be over night, yet at the same time, he missed the precious moments he had with his brother as a young child.
Tony’s disbelief quickly turned into full-blown anger. He turned to the doll still siting silently on his bed, his words dripping with frustration. ‘Where was this?’ he asked as he paced back, raising his voice as he continued. ‘That syringe- is that why your eyes-?! What was in there? What did he inject you with?!’
‘That has nothing to do with it. I just don’t want her to file any official claims against you.’ Fury frowned, clearly not used to this behavior. ‘Is something bothering you, Rogers?’
‘Loki…?’ Peter managed to utter at which the trickster cautiously nodded. ‘No way! That is, I mean, how?! What?!’
Peter, Loki and Thor looked at each other for a second, after which they all started to giggle.
Anyway, your awesome and kind comments have inspired me to write more chapters! So hey, next chapter won't be the last one! :D
‘God, you really are made for this, huh?’ Tony nearly growled, one hand roaming down the blond’s back, the other resting in the back of his neck. He pulled himself free with a devious grin as he felt Steve’s hand moving towards his crotch. ‘I’m gonna take the lead for now, Rogers. Don’t really trust you just yet.’
So... If you liked this fic please subscribe and you'll know when I will be posting the next chapter!
‘Are you ever going to cease your complaining?’ Thor managed to intervene with a deep sigh. ‘You are of
‘I would not dare to,’ the blond managed to utter as he never had to fight this hard to suppress his laughter.
The gullible oaf and the annoying know-it-all.
‘That was out of nowhere…’ Tony Looked at the raven with a raised brow, but he then scoffed and grabbed his glass. ‘Might as well.’
‘He’s still at Fury’s office, asking for that raise,’ Natasha said as she stood up from behind her desk and grabbed her tabled.
‘No,’ Bucky interrupted and crossed his arms. ‘No one in this house would have sex with that guy.’ He scoffed, looking at the two in absolute disgust. ‘Идиоты… America or Russia, you cops are all the same. Killian’s death was an accident. Stop bothering innocent people.’ He turned on his heel and walked into the mansion without another word.
, at first, but then he saw the work I did and offered me his help running the place. I did agree on that, and we have been working together ever since. Our relationship is-
to, he really did, but there was this little voice in the back of his head that stopped him from uttering the words.
Loki spend about thirty minutes on his drawing, the tip of his tongue sticking out of his mouth as he concentrated on the details, his hands and face decorated with colorful streaks from his markers. ‘Done!’ He shouted, holding up his drawing with a proud smile.
‘Yes, Lady Natasha.’ The trickster confirmed.
‘Tony?’
‘Who knows,’ Wanda shrugged and she crouched down, her eyes now meeting those of the raven, ‘care to tell us who you are?’ she asked with a gentle smile, her voice soft and kind, but she tilted her head slightly as the child did not reply.
Suddenly, Peter’s laughter came to an abrupt end as his spider scenes tingled in loud alarm. He looked up, noticing an elderly man who was slowly shuffling behind a rollator. ‘Quill… QUILL! Look out!’
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Not now, J,’ Tony rolled his eyes and took his first sip, savoring the burn down his throat as he swallowed. ‘Just cancel all my appointments for today.’
‘Hold on tight, kid.’ Sam smiled, placing Loki on top of his backpack, making sure the raven could hold on to the harness.
Loki now frowned heavily, quickly hiding behind the cabinet again. So the man was not a friend. The trickster listened to the conversation between the two carefully, hearing how his brother declined an offer that would apparently keep him under some sort of spell.
‘Loki,’ although Steve’s was soft and gentle it still clearly startled the teen. ‘Were you with Mister Killian the night of the murder?’
‘That would be you and Tony.’ the god smiled, ‘You are brave warriors, just like me and Thor, so I drew you as well.’ Loki looked at his drawing with pride, he then looked at the captain, holding out his drawing. ‘Here, it is for you.’
The remark was dripping with sarcasm and for the very first time Tony saw a genuine grin on the blond’s face. He stared, mouth slightly ajar as he took in the playful and dare he say almost angelic look.
‘I, I,’ Loki stammered, quickly shutting his mouth as Tony turned his gaze towards him as well.
‘As if it’s that simple,’ Peter scoffed, the mere idea of it making him shake his head.
Or maybe he
‘Why didn’t you tell Miss Potts?’ Steve asked calmly as he sat down again.
‘Eldest one, I have yet begun,
‘Is he mad at us?’ Cassie whispered as softly as she possibly could. ‘Did we do something wrong?’
Rain was falling from the once clear skies. It had started out as an insignificant drizzle, causing Tony to murmur and mumble, but as the drizzle then transformed into a curtain of heavy rain, the Disney princess just started to loudly complain. The god of thunder and the playboy walked on front while Loki slowly walked way back, Peter somewhere in between the three.
He nervously paced to one of the spare bedrooms and made sure to take a hot shower. He scrubbed his entire body, once, twice, making sure every drop of sweat was rinsed from his skin. The billionaire shuddered as Steve’s blood colored the soap red before it washed down his now flaccid cock. He coughed as he caught a sniff of metal, the unmistakable scent of blood filling his nostrils before vanishing down the drain.
‘For Norns sake, just sing!’ Loki hissed, making sure he kept his distance from Peter and Tony. ‘If you feel like singing, then sing! You are his princess… Prince… you are his something, right? Surely you will succeed. Now hurry.’
‘I don’t know, ask for a raise? He’ll be pissed enough for the rest of the day to leave me alone,’ Steve smiled at Sam’s almost desperate frown. He walked out of his office, Stark at his side, and the two left the police station.
‘Guys,’ Peter called out, his hands on the Steve’s mask, ‘I, I can’t get this mask off.’
‘Steve. Hey!’
Tony leaned against the table, his arms crossed as he felt anger flaring through his chest again. ‘How about explaining to me what’s going on here?’ he demanded. ‘What the hell is this, Obie? The cuffs a-and gags I could understand, but the noose and-!’
‘You dropped this, sir…?’ Loki said as he handed the playboy his papers back.
‘I will do each and everything you require from me,’ Steve nodded. ‘Including providing carnal pleasure.’
‘What did you have to pay for, Loki?’
‘And why is that?’ Tony asked smugly, crossing his arms.
A machine he was slowly falling for.
‘It is good to see you again,’ the god nodded but he was quick to raise a brow, ‘where is my brother?’
‘Time of death?’ Steve asked quickly to intervene, knowing the arguments between his partner and the medical examiner could easily last for hours.
‘And is it true that you share your room with your little brother?’ Steve continued, and he looked at Loki. The raven nodded timidly and instantly felt his brother’s hand resting on his shoulder. ‘Was Loki asleep when you entered your room, Mister Odinson?’
Loki observed the captain, paying close attention to every move the man made. Wanting to make himself useful, he had tried to help Steve and Clint to prepare lunch in the large open kitchen. ‘Okay,’ he nodded determinately. He took a deep breath and placed his feet firmly on the small wooden stool he stood on so he could actually see what he was doing. He threw the pancake high up in the air, only problem, instead of catching it with the frying pan, the pancake landed right on top of the Winter Soldier, who was just about to grab some plates to set the table.
‘I don’t know,’ Bucky voice filled with tension again as he looked at Stark. ‘Ask the others! They’ll tell you the same thing.’
The billionaire glanced up the stairs before nodding, silently leaving the house and stepping into his car. He drove off, glancing in the rearview mirror one last time to see Stane slamming the door shut.
Peter nodded; his eyes drawn to the doll in her hands. It looked somewhat like a rabbit coming straight out of a horror movie. ‘That’s a-uhm… Interesting toy you got there.’
‘… Let him go,’ Thor whispered, tears stinging in his eyes. ‘For Norns sake let him go.’
He needed to walk; he knew he had to for it was his master’s order, but he couldn’t. His feet seemed glued to the floor, every muscle refusing to oblige.
‘Looks like you are in a merry mood today, Loki.’ Thor chuckled, secretly relieved to find his younger brother still, well, young.
‘Talking to the woman who found the body,’ Sam said as he pointed towards the redhead who already came walking towards them.
Thor was relieved to hear the verdict. He would take his brother to the realm he protected, to his friends, and together they could work on a better future for him, for them both. After much commotion and seemingly endless discussions at S.H.I.E.L.D., the Avengers reluctantly decided to let Loki live among them. After all, what better place to keep an eye on a villain than in a building swarming with heroes.
‘I think it’s clear that I won this round,’ Clint said as he and the Winter Soldier looked at their targets up close.
‘Oh, nothing,’ The blond sat down behind his desk, taking a sip of the piping hot drink. ‘Okay, tell me, what do we have?’
It was eight o’clock when Thor woke up to the sound of a helicopter landing on the roof of the Avengers Compound. Either someone was off to a new mission, or some of his friends were returning. With a big yawn, the god scratched the back of his head, his hand searching his bed, finding it empty. Frowning, he opened his eyes and saw that his little brother was nowhere to be seen.
‘I cannot sleep,’ Loki’s shoulders dropped as he stared at the floor. ‘It is that room, it frightens me, and I just thought, well…’ he fiddled with the brim of his Spider-man sweater and took a deep breath. ‘Might I sleep in your bed tonight?’
‘Can’t hear you over the sound of having fun, kid!’ Quill laughed as he made a sharp turn to the left which nearly tipped over the cart.
‘Because he ate a lot of spiders when he was young.’ Bucky interrupted the teen with a smirk. He then turned to Loki and crouched down next to him. ‘and now, every night, he turns into this big, man-eating spider!’
Loki is happy, at least, so he thought. But now that he started to think about this, he came to doubt that what he thought was fact.
He had already planned many activities for them to do together. Thor had a chance to show his baby brother Midgard, had a chance to spend time with him, but most of all, had a chance to mend their ways. To make Loki feel like he belonged, to make him feel that there was nothing in all the Nine Realms that was more important to him than his little brother.
Natasha sighed and crossed her arms, ‘You’re hopeless, Barnes. Well, at least look after the kid till I’m back, okay?’ the spy didn’t wait for an answer as she disappeared to the stairs, heading straight for the bedroom quarters.
The doctor sighed and he crossed his arms, ‘Look, Loki… kid, I wasn’t trying to-’ but as the doctor saw the tears dripping down the raven’s face, he changed his sentence. ‘Uhg, why am I even bothering?’ He reached out and grabbed Loki by the back of his shirt, causing him to hang by his grip like a little kitten.
Bucky’s eyes widened in surprise, looking from the trickster to his arm, ‘uh, thanks… I guess.’
‘No!’
Loki stared at a woman who had her back towards him. She had long, brown hair and was clothed in black pants, leather boots and a long red leather jacket. Her voice was different from that of the one he heard earlier. Not only was it female but there was also a strange accent to it that the trickster had never heard before.
‘Get my coat.’ Stane voice was cold as he grabbed an item wrapped in satin. He pealed the fabric away, a silver handgun now resting in his hands. ‘It’s time for us to take a little walk.’
The teen could barely contain his excitement and leaned a little towards the middle seat to try and look at the man who now was his father. ‘Uhm, dad? M-mister Stane, sir?’
did you do?!’ Tony shouted as the three Avengers now turned to the trickster. ‘It was that champagne, wasn’t it?!’
It didn’t hurt. Not anymore. The nerves in the back of Steve’s neck were damaged beyond repair long ago, leaving a numb sensation in its place. It was a blessing to the doll, who had been punctured and pierced so many times he had lost count.
Loki skipped through the hallway again. There were hardly any noises coming from inside, making it able for him to hear the songs of the birds and the leaves of the trees moving in a summer breeze. He smiled while looking around him, concluding that his older brother was right; these Midgardians were indeed very kind.
‘Was there something you wanted to ask us, Bruce?’ Peter then asked, suddenly wondering why the man was here.
‘Peter!’ Cassie wanted to follow the teen, tears already flooding her eyes. She stepped forward but stopped with a gasp as Stane’s hand wrapped around her wrist. ‘Let me go!’
Just a few more minutes, and then this would all be over.
ANYWAY! Hope you will enjoy nonetheless :D
spend the rest of the afternoon in bed? You know, watch some Netflix or something? Just a lazy day.’
The raven silently nodded and slowly walked back towards the mansion, looking over his shoulder every few steps until he was inside again.
Peter let out a sigh, ‘Your father must have been really cool.’
‘That’s okay,’ Peter said as he relaxed, a companionable smile on his face, ‘I know you’re doing your best, you always do.’ He then smiled brighter as he saw the god look at him. ‘You’re a good brother, Thor. Lokes is really lucky with someone like you, as a kid
‘Of course, they will.’
Peter sighed, ‘Well… as I said, it all started when I got adopted. About half a year ago…’
child, not two! If Thor would see them like this, he would surely take him to Asgard and lock him up in some creepy dungeon for torture or whatever Asgardians do with prisoners. Peter flinched as his vivid imagination started to portrait this scenes in his head.
‘Thus changing my dad into Beast…’
Natasha and Clint stared at the closed door for a moment and then looked at each other.
‘And that’s when you figured it out,’ Tony spoke, patiently waiting for Thor to continue.
‘No. No! I won’t believe this! Jarvis! Read this machine’s memory! It’s got to be broken. A malfunction or- or maybe a virus.’
Safe…
Loki remained silent for a moment as he thought this through. He then nodded and looked at Peter with a smile. ‘Agreed. I will go take a bath and then we shall watch this Disney.’ He let his head rest against the captain’s chest, closing his eyes as he listened to the blond’s heartbeat. ‘I am not tired yet, so I can watch this movie all night. I hope it is pretty to look at… or fun… or pretty fun.’
‘... Sure,’ Bucky nodded, taking another sip of his drink while Loki quickly scooted next to him on his knees, his fingers now carefully scanning the cold metal.
‘Woow, easy now, it’s okay,’ Peter said a little uncomfortably, but still placed his hands on the trickster’s back as he tried to comfort him. ‘Now come on, let’s go, your brother an-’ at that moment, Peter’s eyes went wide as he felt a pair of soft but ice-cold lips against his own, his mind blank as he tried to process what was happening.
‘Oh, but detective,’ Tony sighed dramatically, placing the back of his hand against forehead. ‘You have to listen to me, for I have a confession to make.’ He then placed his hands against Steve’s bared chest and pressed their bodies together, his fingers slowly trailing down the man’s skin to his abs.
Steve made a noise that was a perfect mixture of a growl and a sigh. He crossed his arms, pensively looking up at the ceiling, ‘We’ve got a suspect. He has a motive and confessed to have been in contact with our victim at the time he was murdered.’
‘Miss Potts, what was your relationship with Mister Killian?’ Steve asked as he kept standing.
Also i'm planning on writing 2 short Thorki PWP fic and after that, there will be a FrostSpider (loki-Peter) fic....
‘Hey Lokes?’ Peter quickly intervened, ‘I was thinking about doing some training, want to come along? Steve and Clint have already started, plus some other friends I would like you to meet, so what do you say?’
‘Well, I mostly spend my time playing with my brother and I like to read.’
‘No, I meant actual honey,’ Natasha smirked while Peter could not suppress a loud snort as he saw Clint’s slightly disappointed expression. She opened a drawer, grabbing a bottle of syrup and a glass jar of honey. She then turned around and looked at Bucky who was washing his hair in the sink. ‘You forgot to put this on the table, soldier.’ She said in a soothing voice, picking a crumb of pancake from the man’s cheek as she walked passed him.
As the playboy sang the last note, a gentle breeze moved through the trees, his clothes dancing despite the heavy rain while Tony made a twirl, birds chirping loudly.
‘So… you really have no idea how that footage got on there?’ The anger in the playboy’s voice started to fade, though the suspicion remained. ‘You really didn’t do anything to him?’
‘It was not me who doomed you, brother,’ the blond god hissed as he held on to his brother’s arm with a firm grip. ‘It was by drawing of lots that fate had send you to the underworld! I inherited the skies, and our brother Poseidon-’
‘I don’t,’ the woman stated curtly, her black leather shoes tapping against the marble floor as she continued walking. ‘I simply don’t think much of the police.’ She smiled at Tony as she said this, earning her a slightly irritated hum in return.
‘Thor, you can’t go picking on him now that he’s smaller.’ Steve said as he picked Loki up, holding him in his arms.
The scent of blood, sweat and disinfectant created a suffocating air throughout the room. All lights were dimmed to near darkness, the Operation Table next to Steve polished till it gleamed in what little light was left. The table tray adjust to it displayed a wide variety of instruments; scalpels, scissors, saws and syringes all neatly ordered and ready to use.
‘Rogers!’
‘Brother,’ Thor whispered, grabbing the trickster’s wrists before he could follow into the kitchen, causing Loki to jump.
‘None. He said he finished walking his last security round through the mansion somewhere around twelve together with Thor.’ Natasha continued. ‘Then dropped Thor off at his room and went to bed.’
‘Killian could have made a fortune out of your business, but he couldn’t have it. And why is that? Because one woman was standing in his way, or better yet, four refugees. He was furious,’ Tony continued and then took a deep breath. He walked towards her, slowly, and placed the palms of his hands next to Pepper on the cold surface of the table. He leaned close to her, a smug grin on his face, ‘You want to know what I think, Miss Potts?’ He nearly whispered, clearly making the woman uncomfortable. ‘I don’t think your little family was as happy and loving as you proclaim it to be. I think there was definitely some tension between Killian and your four “cohabitants”. Killian wanted them gone, out of the house, making it seem like the four you saved used you, then packed their bags and left. Surely you would be willing to sell your company after such a shitty move.’
is Loki?’
The playboy crouched down, his arms resting on the doll’s legs, his hands cupping his face. ‘Steve?’ he asked gently as he guided him to look him in the eye. ‘What are you…?’
‘Yes, I have succeeded,’ The raven snapped, his stomach suddenly twisting in an unexplainable feeling of rage and loathing. ‘So you have not to worry, I will soon cross the river Styx and return to the abyss of the deceased you doomed me to!’
The god jumped up in his bed and quickly got dressed. Was his little brother okay? Maybe he had just gone downstairs to get some breakfast, or maybe… maybe, the spell had worn off… When would that have happened? Would Loki leave him in the middle of the night without saying anything? He could have at least wake him up, right?
‘You think Miss Potts was lying?’ Tony asked as he rang the doorbell. ‘She said she didn’t have an intimate relation with Killian.’
‘I’ll help.’ Tony stated determinately, already walking towards Obadiah’s laptop. It was the least he could do after doubting his friend. ‘I’ll find them. They won’t get away with this, I promise.’
neighbor and would have touched
‘Yes, I’ll be joining Rhodey and Scott in a moment, it shouldn’t take long before we return.’
‘I want you. Please,’ Steve let out a shaky breath, his cock twitching between his legs. ‘I want- want you to… to…’
‘… Does this mean I am a big brother now?’ Peter suddenly asked in all seriousness as he looked at Steve, determination burning in his eyes.
‘-in the world, thank you.’ Clint added with a chuckle, making a bow as he courteously held up his apron.
‘So, any news on how we can get your brother back to normal?’ Clint asked as he sat down next to the god.
round. ‘this is a mission, so failure is not an option, got it?’
‘I love you too, Stark,’ A smile finally shined through on Steve’s face. He tilted his head slightly to press his lips in the palm of Tony’s hand.
With a soft grunt in pain, Peter managed to sit up straight. Never had he been this grateful for toilet paper as it had broken his fall. He shook his head and looked at his side, noticing Quill’s legs sticking out of the soft purple pile. He snorted, serves him right! His eyes then grew wide as he now came to realize he was one person short. ‘Loki?’ he called out but got no reply. Shit, Thor was going to kill him. ‘Loki?!’
‘There you two are,’ Tony huffed as he looked at the trickster and the teen, his arms crossed, causing Peter and Loki to look up in surprise.
‘Loki,’ Steve eventually started after clearing his throat. ‘Did you kill Mister Killian? Did you push him out of the window, because you couldn’t take it anymore?’
he would ever see the light of day again. ‘I- I don’t need charging for another twenty-six hours, however, I can be put in rest mode while you sleep, master.’
‘…Oh,’ Stane seemed completely taken aback, taking just a second too long to answer. ‘Oh! Yeah, that’s Peter. He’s my nephew. Good kid, just-’ he remained silent for a moment to choose his next words carefully. ‘He is a little… disturbed. Kid’s got some screws loose in the head, if you know what I mean. I blame his father, but who am I to judge? I take him in a couple o’ days, now and then, just so my poor sister can get some rest.’
He was a doll, a way too realistic machine who could not feel sadness, nor pain, nor joy.
‘I know my baby brother, Mister Stark. I would have noticed,’ Thor squinted his eyes slightly. ‘I check on him when he goes to bed, before he goes to school and when he comes home. I help him with his homework, I go to his PTM’s! If Killian would have threatened Loki, I would have known!’
‘Well, my old man mostly left me jazz and big band style records, so…’ He searched through numerous songs, eventually pulling out an old jazz LP. ‘Can you dance?’ he asked with a smirk as played it, the soothing notes of a saxophone setting the tune.
‘Yes, I just tried to help you!’ As Loki said this, the other Avengers fell silent. ‘I just… You were so excited about this feast and you said you would do everything to win tonight’s costume contest, so I thought…’
Tomorrow will be the last one :)
Peter smiled and laughed. Never had he thought he would sit in a cart again after he had grown too big for the kid’s seat at age four. But here he was, shouting and having fun with a guy from space who he hardly knew and a small kid who was actually supposed to be a full-grown man. Peter snorted softly, it sounded weird when he thought of it like that. But it does not feel weird, it feels… like fun.
‘N-no…’ Peter muttered, chest heaving as tears slowly filled his eyes again. ‘B-but… what does that even mean? Guinea pigs for what?’
,’ Steve said as a soft blush colored his cheeks. He then noticed the hammer and prototype shield which Tony had tried to convince the captain to use. ‘So, are you our guardian?’
Loki looked at Rhodes for a second and then smiled, ‘No! War Machine never gives!’ He kicked Peter against his arms, surprising the teen at how strong the little Asgardian still was, and quickly climbed on top of the back of the couch.
‘Hello! Anybody in there?!’ Tony’s voice was loud as he leaned forward, waving his hand as the ex-soldier’s eyes were fixated on the grey walls of the room. ‘Killian tried to kick you back to Russia. He tried to send you to your death!’
‘Could be,’ Steve shrugged. ‘Problem is we don’t know who’s blood it is that was found on our victim, so really it could be anybody.’
want nor reject anything.
Steve sighed as he kept staring at the four in the distance. ‘Thank you, for your time, Miss Potts.’ He walked away with a nod of his head and went straight towards the group that was still standing near the shed. ‘Mister Barnes?’
The three looked at the man as he descended the stairs, an unamused frown on his face. ‘Not. A. word.’ The playboy warned them as he saw the three were about to burst into laughter, surprising every muscle in their face not to. Tony shook his head and he turned around, ‘Steve! Get your ass down here!
‘I-I am eight years old,’ Loki replied shyly, staring at the large black eyes sewn into the red mask as he dared to ask; ‘Sir, who are you?’
‘Pirate-Angel,’ Quill greeted back, his voice lower to imitate that of Thor’s. ‘Hey, uhm, question, can your brother come and play outside?’ he added with a scoff, trying to look over Thor’s shoulder to see if he could spot the raven.
‘I don’t have a son, master.’ The blond stated, a tremble in his voice. ‘I- I have no data or other records other than the ones you already have access to.’
‘Yeah, I get that, but they would make it so much easier for themselves if they would just cooperate.’
‘Mind your heart, Stan,’ Tony said as a slight smile finally formed on his face again and he raised his glass. ‘Never knew you had a brother.’
‘Sit!’ Steve sighed, the behavior of both Bucky and Thor starting to work on his nerves. He cleared his throat as the three of them sat down and continued. ‘Killian tried to get the four of you out of the mansion, back to your own country, am I correct?’ His voice was stern, impatient even. It clearly took Thor by surprise.
‘Yes! They are astounding,’ the trickster excitedly walked around the soldier, inspecting the harness and backpack with care. ‘Could I maybe see them once more, sir?’
‘Miss Potts was here about an hour ago and I can tell that she was not amused!’ Fury said as he leaned on his desk, his one eye peering at the blond in front of him. ‘According to her you crossed the line.’
‘… Seriously?’ Peter frowned and then watched Steve as the captain moved back a little, revealing the young raven hiding at his side.
‘I am sorry for your loss, Miss Potts.’ Steve handed the woman a cup of coffee and sat down behind his desk. As the lady remained standing he kindly gestured her towards the seat opposite of him.
‘Well, I’ll just have to take this this piece of junk from your hands and let my guys take it apart first thing in the morning. See if we can find anything. As for now…’ He shot the playboy an earnest glare. ‘No one can know about this until the sick fuck who did this is found.’
‘Tony,’ Steve chuckled as he tried to resist the hands that were now slowly moving down his neck and to his chest. ‘shouldn’t we stay here and keep an eye on Loki?’
Tony smirked as he leaned forward a little, placing a playful kiss on the captain’s lips, ‘So, I don’t talk to myself, huh?’
Peter smiled brightly at the words, ‘Yes, little brother?’
Please take care of yourself and be safe.
‘Yeah, I need to unpack my stuff and I could really use a bath right now,’ Wanda nodded.
‘Pancakes?’ Quill suddenly looked up at the god.
‘Pff, he’d wish,’ Clint scoffed but he got interrupted by the artificial voice of Friday.
‘Yes, you were! I heard you talking to my brother!’ Loki said, sniffing a couple of times. ‘You wanted to curse me!’
Loki’s eyes grew wide and he looked up as he heard an unamused voice talking to him, looking straight into the brown eyes of the stranger who was just talking to his brother.
‘It’s okay, Loki,’ Steve chuckled, placing a hand on the child’s shoulder, though he could not help but cast a quick gaze at his friend, who was now trying to get all the pieces of uncooked and sludgy pancake out of his hair.
Well, that's it for this fic.
me to finish it.’ Bruce smiled somewhat as he thought back to the late hours he spend on the formula under the eager and watchful eyes of the playboy. ‘Honestly, I think your dad was more excited to see the results than I was.’
‘… Of course it did,’ Tony looked the trickster up and down one more time before jumping back to his feet again.
‘… Are you certain of this?’ Thor asked as he squinted his eyes slightly.
‘Yeah,’ Steve nodded, sitting down next to his partner. ‘At first, Thor wanted to call the police and turn himself in. He thought he could not live with the guilt, but when he went back to his bedroom and saw his little brother sleeping, well, he just felt at ease knowing Loki would never be abused by him again.’
Steve nodded, thanking Thor for his time before leaving the mansion and driving back to the police station with Tony.
I hope you are doing well.
Tony stared, unable to respond other than to smile back. Steve looked so content, so unlike the traumatized sex doll who sat at the edge of his bed mere minutes ago. He looked flawless in Tony’s favorite black sweatpants, the sweater he was wearing, though being a bit too small, colored perfectly with what once were sky blue eyes. Tony swallowed hard as he had to remind himself the blond was still a machine.
‘I will answer the door,’ Thor said as he quickly swallowed down a mouthful of stolen pancake. ‘Just make sure to save some of those pancakes for me.’
‘Brother!’ Thor smiled as he looked at two descending the stairs. ‘It is good to see you!’
‘What?’ Strange managed to reply in disbelief as the woman walked away. ‘Hey! Wait, how is this my fau-’ But as the brunette turned around, her dark-brown eyes glaring at him, the doctor wisely decided to shut his mouth.
‘I don’t think so, Steve,’ Tony sighed and he took another sip from his Jack Daniel’s. He closed his eyes, trying to block the murmuring around him and focus on the jazzy tunes coming from an old jukebox. ‘Killian was murdered. Loki is the only one with a motive and he was with our victim at the time of death.’
Peter stared at the two in despair, ‘but what should I do? What should I tell them? “Oh hey, yeah, sorry I can’t run that errant for you, dad. I got banned from the store because I used it as a race track and ended up in a pile of freaking expansive toilet paper”.’ Peter let his hands run through his hair, a shiver running down his spine as he imaged the looks on his fathers faces. ‘Damn, Tony’s gonna flip, I just know it. And Steve… well I bet he would just let out this huge disappointed sigh and stare at me wondering how he got to be the father of a criminal.’
‘Not really,’ the red-haired lady replied as she shrugged, ‘maybe it’s just your conscience lurking over your shoulder, Clint.’
‘Looks like there’s not enough Lokes for all of us,’ the playboy said and he laughed.
Well, that's it.
‘I-I,’ the raven stammered as he tried his best to sound strong and determent, ‘I am Loki Odinson, second born child o-of Odin Borson and Frigga Fjörgynsdóttir a-and prince of Asgard!’ he stated, his hands formed into softly trembling fists.
‘Might I, maybe…?’ Loki asked as he looked at the tech, his fingers digging into the leather fabric of the couch as he tried to keep them from staying towards the arm.
‘Oh, come on, really?’ Quill sighed as he crossed his arms, ‘So no one wants to give me a ride? I swear, it’s only gonna take a few minutes. Promise.’
The raven quickly shook his head. ‘No,’ he smiled desperately. ‘No. And he can never find out about it! It would kill him...’
, was way too real. He grabbed a bottle of scotch from his desk and set it directly against his lips, not even caring to pour it in a glass. The liquor burned down his throat as he swallowed, washing away the bile that threatened crawl from his stomach. It was a welcoming distraction which lasted not nearly long enough.
‘Excuse me?’ Tony interrupted the god, raising his hand just a little too close to the trickster’s face while looking at Peter, ‘This is
Tony’s smile disappeared as the doll gazed at him. ‘I can’t wait to take you apart in my workshop and fix those creepy eyes of yours though…’
‘It is quite alright, Loki,’ Thor wrapped his arms around his younger brother, who at first gasped and tried to push him away, but the blond made sure to remain by his side. ‘Now come on, brother. Surely the captain is here somewhere. It will all be over soon, alright?’
‘Why is there a kid in my workshop? Please don’t tell me one of my one-night-stands dropped him off.’ Tony said as he kept his eyes on the child, breaking out in a sweat as he already tried to think of a way to explain this to the captain.
‘Miss Maximoff,’ Steve nodded with a kind smile, the early morning sun brightening his blue eyes. ‘We would like to speak to Miss Potts, is she home?’
‘Verily,’ Thor nodded as he adjusted himself in his seat. ‘A spell backfired, he is a child now.’ He then frowned, ‘Wait, why are you asking this? Is it because he is still on your watchlist of, of beings who are a threat to this word?’
‘Well, I have to say, I am starting to believe your ghost theory, Lokes…’ Peter said softly as he was hardly able to keep his eyes of the old building.
‘Yes,’ Thor growled.
‘Yeah, no, that’s
Sorry I didn't post any chapters yesterday (though I did promise) but I was a bit to busy celebrating Halloween! (I celebrated it yesterday because of work reasons ^^'
‘… well, look at it from the bright side, Thor. At least you have your baby brother back again. You always said you missed the days when he was little.’ Natasha said with a careful smile.
‘Right!’ Loki shouted as he came to an abrupt stop.
‘I am afraid not, Miss Maximoff,’ Steve’s eyes remained locked with Loki’s. ‘He admitted he was with Killian on the exact time of the murder and he is the only one with a motive.’
‘Hey, at least I still have a conscience.’ The man countered with a smirk.
‘Then we’ll get fired,’ Tony stated matter-of-factly and he shrugged. ‘but it won’t get to that point. I mean, we’ve been dating for a couple of weeks now and no one has found out, right?’
One video left Tony to run towards the ensuite bathroom, heaving bile. It showed Steve hanging from a noose, his toes barely touching the ground. His breaths were strangled, gasps wet is it sounded like his windpipe had filled up with blood.
Please enjoy and I hope you will have an awesome day! :D
As he took a deep breath, he noticed a sudden tightness in his chest. He looked down, noticing the bright red, and slightly too small, Spider-man sweater he was wearing. He frowned as he realized the piece of clothing belonged to Peter and wondered why on Earth he would be wearing it now. Did something happen to his own clothes? He tried to remember, but failed.
Bruce looked at the playboy and then at his cup of coffee, ‘Well,’ he started but Tony was quick to interrupt.
Hope you will enjoy this brand new chapter :D
‘I see,’ The billionaire tilted his head, finding it almost entertaining to watch this teen fail to get in. ‘Unarmed, huh? You know what, open one of the windows. Let him in.’
‘He probably knew too much.’ Sam confirmed.
‘Yeah yeah, just one last thing,’ Tony wanted to start a whole new project but stopped as he felt the doll’s hands resting on his shoulders, his body close against his back.
‘Believe me, kid, news like that spreads like a wild fire in these kinds of pubs,’ the man smiled, offering the blond another drink. ‘You know, rumors had it that he-uh, that he did things, to kids,’ the sentence was balancing somewhere between a statement and a question. The man kept looking at Steve, hoping for any form of confirmation but he quickly continued as the blond looked back at him in silence. ‘Well, tell you this, if he would have been
‘That’s better,’ he smiled, bright blue eyes glistening in pale fluorescent lights. ‘I’m Steve. Who are you?’
‘This is the part where it gets good,’ Peter whispered to the raven with a chuckle, seeing how Loki was listening breathlessly.
So first of all, SO SORRY FOR THIS LATE UPDATE!!
Thank you so much for showing your support by reading my story!
‘So the four of them are all refugees and they all live in Potts mansion,’ Steve concluded and then looked at his team. ‘but why?’
‘Hmm,’ Steve hummed thoughtfully as he made some notes. ‘Leaves me with one last question, for now. Where were you between twelve and two o’clock last night?’
The trickster looked up in awe as he saw some of the Avengers training. He spotted Steve in the distance, running down a track. Bucky was practicing marksmanship together with Clint, though the assassin used a gun and the archer used his trusted bow and arrow.
The blond looked up at his master and frowned at the man’s stoic expression. Tony had been awfully quiet for the entire trip, hardly speaking a word after they had left the spare bedroom in the middle of the night. It made Steve wonder if he did something wrong, his stomach immediately twisting and tightening with worry. ‘I think your superhero suit needs a name,’ he offered as humbly as possible, hoping to bring his master back to his energetic self again. ‘The one we worked on?’
‘Stark, I suggest you and I will go in search of the captain,’ as Tony nodded, Thor turned his attention to the teen, ‘and Peter, you stay here and wait for my brother, you two will join us later on, agreed?’
The doll nodded. ‘Yes, master.’
‘You two were about to leave,’ Thor said after making sure his little brother had disappeared up the stairs. He gestured towards the hallway that would lead to the front door.
‘Don’t worry Thor! I’ll be a responsible big brother, I can do this!’ Peter quickly shouted before Quill closed the door behind him.
About thirty minutes went by before Natasha returned with a book in her hands titled; “Sherlock”. ‘Okay, this might not really be a children’s book but I think you’ll like-’ she stopped talking mid-sentence as she stared at the Soldier for a moment. ‘Barnes,’ she continued, irritation ringing through her voice, ‘where’s the kid?’
The billionaire’s heart skipped a beat at the rough, Brooklyn accent. ‘I feel retarded for asking you this, but… You really are, like, a robot, yes? No emotions or whatever?’
‘Time to spare?’ Steve asked with a frown. ‘I’m in the middle of a case.’
‘No, those are horns on his head, not antlers,’ Loki replied, crossing his arms. ‘He is like… a horrible beast… but in a very extravagant suit?’
The two walked out of the blond’s workplace and down the long hallway. They slowed their pace as they passed Fury’s office, their ears pricked up as they heard a familiar voice.
The trickster took a deep breath and smirked, ‘Destroy all the nasty vegetables!’
‘It’s almost 90 degrees out there,’ Stark remarked, doubting the teen’s words. He sat next to Loki, leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms, ‘I’m sorry, I’m not buying it.’
‘Uhm, hi,’ Bruce replied as he looked at the teen who was still lying on the ground. His eyes then shifted towards the raven god, who nervously held on to his pebble with two small hands. ‘Loki, I assume?’ he asked as casually as possible.
‘What’s wrong? Can’t talk? Don’t have a voice box?’
‘We are here, once again, because one of you killed Aldrich Killian,’ Steve spoke as he stood before all his suspects, Tony close at his side.
Tony nodded, ‘Rest mode it is. Also, call me Tony. The whole “master” thing? It’s not really my style. Not outside the bedroom, anyway.’
‘Try again, we like to hear things twice, just to be sure,’ Stark answered casually.
Tony’s eyes flew wide open, a muffled yelp ringing in the back of his throat as he was pushed back into his couch, hands holding his shoulders, lips crashing against his own. It took him only a split second to identify the strong body lingering over him.
Peter managed to suppress his laughter into a loud snort, then quickly went back into character, his face grim and voice low. ‘Alas, I cannot grand thou such overwhelming, uh, supremacy! For with great power, comes a great veggie diet! Now, I, the evil Spider… Spi-Spider-Lord… King, and my six-legged horse Sl-’
‘Yes.’
‘Mister Odinson,’ Tony continued, looking at the blond. ‘You claimed that, after you walked your last round with Mister Barnes over here, you went to your room.’
and that's it for this chapter!
‘Well, it was worth the shot,’ Thor said with a strained voice as he got back on his feet.
He heard no sounds of failed experiments, followed by a curse coming from a billionaire and a gamma energy expert. He heard no sounds of a captain and a soldier running down the track in the garden or a teenager frantically shouting that he was late for school and asking people if they had seen his backpack.
Hi everyone and welcome back!
‘Good,’ she said, putting Loki back on his feet. ‘So, what do you do for fun?’
He took a step back and yawned. He stretched and started to undress, only looking at Steve after unbuttoning the first few buttons of his shirt. ‘Oh, sorry. Do you mind?’
The playboy let out a heavy sigh after closing the door and turned his gaze back to the object in question. ‘J? Analyze please. What are we dealing with? Angry ex? Bomb? Though chances are that there’s a connection between those two.’
‘Room for two?’
‘We’re the Avengers, crazy shit happens. I don't really think there's anything out there that could surprise me.’ He said with an unimpressed air though he could not help but look at Loki once more.
‘Wanda Maximoff, twenty-three years old, born and raised in Sokovia, a small and corrupted country in Europe as I already told you earlier,’ Sam continued as he had researched the other two during Steve’s chat with Fury. ‘Mother deceased, father unknown and her brother, Pietro Maximoff, was shot dead by the cops after robbing a super market for food. Wanda was devastated after losing him and turned to all kinds of witch craft and voodoo rituals in hopes to come into contact with him, however,’ Sam took a deep breath and sighed sadly, ‘apparently Sokovia is a very superstitious nation and she quickly became known as the “Scarlett Witch”. People thought she was dangerous, wanted to kill her and that’s why she fled her country.’
The trickster could hear his brother’s words echo through his head. Thor was right, until now every person he had spoken to had been very nice to him. Loki wanted to step into the light of the hallway, but he jumped back behind the cabinet again as both his brother and the stranger were gone with the blink of an eye.
‘That kid!’ Obadiah bellowed. ‘That fucking kid’s gone
‘God, it’s been ages since I watched a Disney movie,’ Tony yawned as he stretched his arms and legs, almost punching Steve in the eye as he did so. ‘Good call, kid.’ He smiled and looked at Peter who was sitting next to him.
‘That’s what we’re trying to find out,’ Steve gave her a gentle smile. He looked around, taking in the large, well-kept garden, its serenity and greenery a welcome change from the hectic buzzing of New York city. As he looked around he saw a blond man staring at them from the distance, disappearing directly into a large shed the moment their eyes met. ‘Well…’ Steve continued as he turned towards Wanda again. ‘That’ll be it, for now.’ He smiled and wanted to walk away, ‘Oh, just one more thing. Where were you last night, between twelve and two o’clock?’
disguises.’
Tony turned around once more and stared at the silent machine on his bed before shouting; ‘Fuck!’
‘No!’
‘Sir, I would recommend calling the police.’
Tony’s reverie shattered into a thousand pieces. Steve was right, he was a machine. A robot. Nothing more but wires and metal. This thing was not human, just an empty husk with human form.
Steve stared in front of him for a moment longer before meeting Fury’s gaze. He responded with a soft grunt, leaving the man’s office without another word.
‘How discreet.’
‘I agree with Peter,’ Thor nodded. ‘Brother, I strongly advise you to go upstairs and create this anti-potion,
from stores, I
‘Wha-? No!’ Loki frowned, but as the teen looked at him with questioning eyes, he smirked, placing his cold hands on peter’s shoulders. ‘I am that which no living being can escape.’ He whispered as his hands trailed up Peter’s skin to his neck. ‘I am feared, control lives, drive people mad, and yet, I offer peace and comfort. I am the only certainty for mankind, their only truth. To most I am seen as punishment, to some though, I am blissful mercy.’ As Loki’s hands now lay to rest on Peter’s cheeks, he kissed the teen tenderly, slowly, intimately. ‘I am the keeper of souls, the god of death. I am Hades.’
in love with Aldrich, Aldrich was
For waiting patiently till I would finally upload the next chapter.
The vulnerability in the doll’s voice made Tony toss the condom over his shoulder and dive straight for the blond’s lips. Steve was a robot after all. He would not need a condom, nor lube. ‘Don’t worry, baby. I’m still here.’ He quickly undressed himself, not caring where his clothes would land as he threw them across the bedroom. He settled between the machine’s legs, feeling the heat coming from its artificial body. ‘I’ll take good care of you.’
It didn’t take long for Loki to return and the two quickly chased after Thor and Tony.
‘Well, this is me, and this is Thor, aaaand this is the bilgesnipe that tried to kill us,’ the trickster explained casually, a smile on his face. ‘You know, just an average battle.’
But I'll try to upload frequently! :D
Nervous emerald eyes darted from left to right, carefully scanning the surrounding area.
‘You’ll get the hang of it kid, don’t worry.’ Clint said, managing to bring his laughter down to a chuckle as the soldier glared at him. God, if looks could kill, he would drop dead on the spot. ‘It’s just a matter of practice. See?’ Clint then flipped his own pancake, making sure it landed perfectly on one of the four plates which were already stacked at least two-feet-high with the sweet delicacy. He then looked up, admiring the earlier attempts of the raven. Some pancakes were sticking to the ceiling, some were dripping from the edge of the fridge. ‘Just look at it like this; at least this time, your pancake actually came back down again.’
‘I- I can’t,’ the teen gasped as he tried to move his left foot.
Strange didn’t move a muscle. His facial expression stale as he stared at the god. ‘Thought you would say that.’ He sighed before showing a slight smile. ‘Maybe it’s for the best. I don’t even want to imagine what a nightmare your brother would be during puberty.’
‘I. Don’t. know!’ She stood up, her fingers tightly clenched around her purse. ‘I don’t know what games you’re playing, but I can assure you that you will regret this!’
‘Drop it, kid,’ Tony chuckled as he casually leaned against Vision and patted him on the chest. ‘This guy was created because I made a uhm… a sort of mistake, you understand? I made a killer-robot, me and Bruce made Vision, then someone tried to stop us and Thor used his lightning… Okay, the point is, it was all one big accident, you understand?’ the playboy smiled in embarrassment at his own explanation, especially since there were now two big emeralds staring straight at him.
You guard the door to what came before,
‘Must be…’ Tony repeated and he couldn’t help but smile as Steve actually seemed… proud.
‘Oh, don’t be such a stick in the mud, God-Man.’ Quill scoffed as he grabbed the nearest set of car keys he could find and pushed the trickster and Peter towards the door. ‘Okay, bye guys, bye Thor, bye other Avengers, bye!’ he said hastely, in the meantime pushing the two out of the door before anyone could comment.
‘Like this!’ Loki repeated, stretching his arms as far as he could.
Loki glanced from the floor beneath his feet to his brother, his chest starting to heave. ‘I, I hope so,’ he whispered in slight panic. ‘For Norns sake, Thor, I do not want to become the keeper of souls…’
All his body could recall was dread and anxiety.
He froze, lips barely moving as he seemed to whisper the doll’s name. His eyes then grew wide, hands frantically slamming against the glass as he tried to get Steve’s attention.
‘Uh, Tony,’ he took the papers from the trickster’s small hands which were still hidden in his sleeves. ‘This is so weird on so many levels…’
‘I, I apologize…’ Loki mumbled as he stared at his feet. ‘I just tried to help…’
‘Wait… you want me to- Is this a sex doll?!’
‘The Destroyer.’
It was only then that he noticed the dog tag hanging around the doll’s neck. He tilted his head and mumbled its name; ‘Steven… G.… Rogers…’
‘Killian hated Barnes, Maximoff and the Odinsons for Pepper’s rejection on his offer.’ Sam noted, ‘He must have thought that if they would just leave her, Pepper would become less passionate about her work. Tension must have been running high in that mansion.’
Obadiah laughed again, sending shivers down Stark’s spine. ‘Why did you get this for me? It’s-
‘Watch a movie?’ Thor raised a brow while Peter gulped. ‘I might not have much knowledge on your Midgardian entertainment systems, but I do know that movies usually take more than an hour. Loki should go to bed and rest, he needs his sleep. This spell drains his Seiðr and thus his energy, he has no control over it yet.’
The three then turned around as they heard a fourth voice break out in laughter.
‘Wait a minute,’ Thor suddenly interrupted, his voice dark, ‘you mean to tell me that you have no knowledge on my little brother’s whereabouts?’
‘Y-yes master,’ Steve panted, perfectly following the playboy’s orders of telling him how much he wanted him. ‘Please give me more. Kiss me. F-fuck me. Please!’
‘You don’t look all that shocked or surprised,’ Tony noted with something that was balancing between a smirk and a smile.
Steve chuckled softly as he felt Tony’s smile pressed against his cheek, sweet kisses following as the man’s hands were now resting on the brim of his pants. ‘And you didn’t tell them he was with us?’ he asked as he managed to suppress a soft moan.
‘Thor hoped Killian was drunk enough to make it all seem like it was an accident,’ Sam said as he caught the beer Steve threw at him. ‘That way they would all be rid of him and they wouldn’t have to be afraid to get send back to their own country.’
‘You think she’s telling the truth?’ Tony asked as he and Steve looked out the office window and watched Pepper enter the passenger side of her car, the door being held open by who they assumed was Bucky Barnes.
Loki did not really know how to reply to that, so he settled with a slight smile and a nod of his head.
‘I want you to keep Fury off my back,’ Steve smiled as he already walked out of his office. ‘He gave us twenty-four hours to find evidence and that time’s almost up. Distract him, make sure he doesn’t bother me.’
‘…Fine,’ Steve sighed as he closed his notebook. ‘We will ask Mister Odinson to walk his security round alone tonight.’ He smiled at the soldier and stood up, ‘you can stay here and think things over.’
‘Well then, if you will excuse us, we were about to enjoy our pancakes.’ The god said, wanting to shut the door.
‘Yeah, I really want my man back in bed with me tonight, sleeping alone sucks,’ Peter shrugged as he said so, causing both Loki and Tony to raise a brow. ‘I just hope he’ll be back to, well, his actual self. I’d hate to wake up and find my bed covered in fur, can you imagine how horrible that would be when he’s shedding?’
Tony frowned. ‘Is that your default setting?’
‘“We succeeded in controlling the human mind.”’ Stane grumbled as he entered the study and stared at him, disappointment written on his face. “Thus controlling body, emotions… and memory.” – that’s what those AIM bastards promised me.’ He unhooked the blond from the countless wires attached to the back of his neck, ‘And all I had to do was deliver the guinea pigs. Social outcasts, people without any relatives going to come poking around looking for them. Elderly,’ he pulled a plug from underneath the captain’s skin. ‘Orphans,’ he pulled another. ‘… Veterans,’ he pulled the last plug and sighed as a drop of blood slowly trickled down the wire and stained his fingers. ‘You were supposed to be our very first success, and yet here you are. A fucking failure.’
‘See you in a minute, Lokes,’ Peter smiled as he waved. His smile was short to last, however, as the towering god had now turned his attention towards him, a deadly expression on his face.
‘Lokes, you coming? People are starting to gather, we should be heading down stairs as well.’ Not waiting for the trickster to answer, Peter opened the door and he looked at the raven with wide eyes, noticing all the strange items surrounding the god. ‘What uh, what are you doing?’
All the love before the hurt..
‘It seems like Loki’s energy levels have doubled due to the sugary drink he just consumed, sir.’
‘… Did she just flirt with him?’ Peter asked after Natasha had disappeared again.
‘I’m back!’ Barton shouted as he walked in, ‘Okay, I’ve got some clothes and,’ he then looked up, a smile forming on his face as he saw the four men sitting on the floor together. Loki sitting on the captain’s lap, Tony and Steve sitting next to each other with Peter snuggled between them.
‘Hey! The couch is for sitting, it’s not a trampoline!’ Tony warned him, followed by a mumble, ‘God, I’m starting to sound like my old man…’
'... I am Loki, Odinson, prince of Asgard,' the child replied, his big green eyes gleaming in the afternoon sun.
Anyway, hope you will have an awesome day!
MissBoaBoa
Overwhelmed by the sudden outburst, Loki tripped backwards and fell in the mud, his eyes wide as he stared at the teen in utter confusion.
Tony panted for a minute, relying on his boyfriend to hold him while he caught his breath. He turned around and smirked as he saw Steve’s wild eyes, ‘Almost, sir,’ he whispered, then pressed his lips against the blond’s mouth, kissing him passionately.
‘Want me to help him, Thor?’ Steve asked as he smiled at the raven.
‘Oops,’ Loki mumbled. ‘Sorry...’
Peter gasped, a bright smile hidden under his mask as he looked at Steve, ‘He called me “sir”!’ he nearly squealed and then quickly turned to the raven again. ‘Well, I'm your friendly neighborhood Spider-man, but you can call me Peter!’ the teen said as he pulled off his mask, causing Loki to flinch in surprise.
‘Loki, can you tell me, again, what the relationship was between you and Mister Killian?’ Steve started, his gentle blue eyes gazing at the slightly nervous teen across from him.
‘I see,’ Steve hummed in delight and tried to press his lips against Tony’s, but the man teasingly moved backwards a little each time the blond made a move. He looked at his partner in slight confusion for a second, but eventually just smiled as he saw Tony’s iconic smirk appear on his face. ‘I think I am starting to understand your situation, sir.’ He pushed Tony against the tiled wall and took a firm hold of his wrists, holding them above his head in one hand. ‘I will personally see to it that your punishment will fit your crimes.’
Thor remained silent for a moment and sighed, ‘that might actually work…’ He then looked up at the teen, a slight smile on his face. ‘My apologies, Peter, my reaction was uncalled for. It is just… I want what is best for Loki. I am quite certain mother would have been able to send him to bed with just her caring smile, but then again, as my brother had already stated, I am not her…’
Peter crouched down and placed a hand on Loki’s shoulder, ‘you like the harness and the wings?’
‘What did Fury want from you?’ Tony asked slightly worried as he saw his partner grab his jacket.
But again, Quill chose not to listen to him. He placed his hands on the teen’s waist, causing him to flinch and giggle at the touch and the starlord pulled him into the cart behind Loki. ‘You guys ready?’
‘How many have-’ he tried to keep his voice strong. ‘How many have died in this bed?’
‘After you, brother,’ Thor nodded the raven to move.
The teen looked up, his eyes widening in shock as he saw countless scars running over Steve’s upper body. His chest, his arms, fingers, stomach, all marked with angry red lines. ‘W-what…?’
‘It’s just… I don’t know, something doesn’t feel right,’ Steve admitted, mulling over the entire investigation.
‘Youngest then, my life you will end,
‘It, uhm- it started about half a year ago,’ Loki nodded at his own words. ‘He just… he just wanted to touch, at first. Then there was the-uhm, the kissing, yes. Small pecks, and then- then full on kisses and, uhm, tongue…’
‘Good,’ Loki smiled, ‘not that I am in a hurry, I truly enjoy Midgard.’
So without further ado, here's chapter 6. Hope you will enjoy.
Loki took hold of the Widow’s hand, making sure not to let go as he did what he was told, following the red-haired woman into the lounge room.
the opposite of what I said, Peter,’ Tony sighed as he handed one mug to the trickster and one to the teen. He then sat down on the floor next to Steve, giving him a kiss followed by a quick smile.
‘I am afraid it is so,’ Thor sighed deeply.
‘And with that he did not only endanger your life but that of your little brother as well.’
‘… Spin around.’
‘No, sir. Scans indicate that the intruder is male and between the age of fourteen to seventeen. The clothes enable me to identify him.’
ALSO! I've got an announcement to make! This fic started out with 6 chapters and thanks to all you awesome people, that turned into 7... And now, I can proudly tell you that I've finished chapter 9 and i'm starting with chapter 10 (I don't know yet how many chapters i'll write XD)
‘I would like for you to- to-’ Steve’s chest rose sharply in a gasp as Tony wrapped his fingers around his cock, moving it up down agonizingly slow before prying his legs apart.
Tony’s baffled expression slowly turned into pure excitement. ‘Sure,’ he chuckled. ‘Go ahead.’
‘Yes, master.’
‘He hunted spiders at night, capturing them in tiny glass jars and eating them as a midnight snack.’ the soldier continued casually, hardly able to suppress a chuckle as he watched the young raven twitch his face. His laughter was short to live however as he fell two fists colliding with the back of his head.
The young woman looked up at the sound of a familiar voice. She smiled as she saw Bucky Barnes walking down the corridor. ‘Not really,’ she shrugged and looked outside again. ‘What is horrible to us is bliss for the plants and trees.’ She laughed as the man raised a questioning brow. ‘You’re up early, Bucky.’
‘Oh you know I’m talking about you, Groot.’ Quill scoffed, ‘don’t try to deny it! Anyway, I need someone with a car to drive me there, my license doesn’t really count on this planet.’
‘Thanks,’ Steve chuckled as the raven scooted over and carefully placed his soft hands on the captain’s arm. ‘My brother said you are all warriors, he had not told me you were also artists.’
‘I fear I know…’ Steve’s jaw set tight as a fierce anger started to burn in his eyes. ‘Stane is not a good man, Peter. He takes people; men, women, children, and brings them down here. Locks them up.’ He stared at the empty cot on the other end of the room. ‘Most of them don’t stay long…’
They ordered pizza by night which Tony handed Steve with a smile, then hesitated a little as he realized a robot didn’t need any actual food.
The playboy sighed, feeling the start of a migraine settling in his head. He grumbled softly, ‘Uhg, fuck me…’
sorry!’
‘Right,’ Steve nodded. ‘Did anything unusual happen last night? Did someone maybe have an argument with Mister Killian? Or did he behave any different?’
‘Isn’t that
‘Just because I like guys does not mean I like them all!’ Peter continued, ‘Now listen here, I love Steve! And you are with P-!’ the teen then quickly shut his mouth as he looked at the trickster on the ground, ‘with Peter…’ he mumbled. ‘Oh god, Lokes, I’m so sorry!’ He quickly moved to Loki’s side and helped him up. ‘Are you okay…?’
‘Our victim was charged with several crimes, most of them were not really all that significant. Fraud, money laundering, etc. however…’
‘Then, the potion might become permanent…’ Loki looked down in defeat, but as he then saw the worried eyes of the teen, he quickly looked up and smiled, ‘Come on now, Peter,’ he said as he took a hold of the teen’s hands, ‘When was the last time Earth’s mightiest heroes failed a mission?’
Loki stared at his concoction in anticipation for a full minute, but as the potion remained serene, he smiled proudly. ‘This should do it,’ he nodded confidently as he turned to his table again. He grabbed five champagne glasses, which were standing at a corner, and placed them next to him, filling them half with one of Tony’s expensive champagnes and half with his potion. He now needed to add one last thing.
‘Oh, okay, right,’ Peter nodded slowly but then looked at the raven again, ‘I see you’re all dressed up and ready to go.’
‘Yeah, sure, he’s right,’ Sam turned around, only now noticing that the trickster wasn’t standing next to him anymore, ‘Thor, I swear, he was just here a minute ago.’
‘Power of friendship?’ Peter chuckled as he sat on his knees. ‘Isn’t that the power of the good guys? I thought I was the villain.’
here started screaming.’ He looked at his father and removed his hand, causing Tony to gasp.
‘Those matters are in the past now,’ Thor argued, his voice low. ‘my brother has changed.’
‘Not really, no,’ Wanda frowned, her voice steady. ‘I already told you this when we met, I hardly spoke to him.’
He didn’t even hear Steve rushing towards him, his crying overwhelming every other sound.
Loki looked down in shame, quickly averting his eyes towards the marble floor. ‘My apologies, i-it is just,’ he mumbled as he kept looking at the soldier from the corner of his eye, his feet dangling from the couch as he was just slightly too short to touch the floor. ‘Your arm, sir. I think it is truly amazing. You are, like, part Midgardian and part Destroyer.’
Loki let out a sigh in relief as he let himself fall with his back against the wall, the voices now completely gone. ‘That was a close call…’ he said as finally managed to laugh, noticing how the grey in his skin ebbed away, revealing the alabaster skin underneath.
‘Yeah,’ Steve nodded. ‘I haven’t eaten anything in a week or so.’
‘I’m sorry!’ The playboy whispered. ‘I don’t know why I screamed! Damn it, I feel like such a damsel in destress.’
It was Miss Potts.
we heard a shower running,’ Thor took a small step forward, almost taking a protective stance in front of his younger brother. ‘but it turned out that my brother had forgotten to turn off the tv.’
‘Well, detective,’ Tony started, his lips nearly brushing those of the blond. ‘I have done so many bad things in my life and I can’t live with it any longer.’ His voice was nothing but a sultry whisper, words vibrating against the blond’s skin. Tony wrapped an arm around Steve’s waist, his fingers gently caressing his skin. ‘I think I need to be punished by a strong hand of the law.’
The beast whispered softly, causing everyone to look up in surprise. “
‘Only this time, Killian was somewhat drunk,’ Steve continued grimly. ‘He scared Loki, Loki resisted-’
‘Will do,’ Stane was ready to open the door and see the playboy off, but Tony turned around just before he stepped over the threshold.
‘Oh! I am! I am!’ Loki jumped up and down in excitement as he raised a hand but Peter was quick to lower it as he squinted his eyes.
‘I am relieved to hear that I am not the only one who thinks so,’ Thor smiled somewhat and looked at his empty glass. ‘I was already afraid it was just me.’
‘So, he was murdered?’ Sam asked hopefully, already eyeing Stark with a grin.
Loki shrugged, ‘A feeling, I guess.’ He looked at the glass for a second, his hands buried in his sleeves as he shook his head and kindly refused the drink.
He prayed to be put on sleep mode. Prayed Stane would keep his promise and let his creators fix whatever was broken in his memory.
‘My friends,’ the god greeted the two as he walked inside.
Loki executed the steps, but the stranger was faster than he was. The man grabbed his wrist and pulled him up into the air, his eye twitching in irritation as a small drop of blood dripped down his nose from the impact of the book.
Tony gulped as he was not able to look him in the eye any longer. It scared him how quickly he grew attached to this machine, how easily Steve managed to win over his heart. It was not healthy. Falling in love with an AI was not healthy.
‘Hm,’ Stane hummed, though it was not clear whether it was out of amusement or disappointment. The man then glanced at the floor, watching a cockroach crawl by. He looked at his property again, a wide grin forming on his face. ‘Grab that.’
‘What are you-’ Loki started but he got silenced by the Asgardian weapon that flew straight into the god’s hand. ‘Mjölnir…’ the raven whispered, his fingers scanning the metal of the hammer as Thor held it in front of him.
The scientist knew it was programmed to apologize, yet he found himself amazed by the sincerity bleeding through its words. ‘Don’t worry. I know just how to fix it. At least for the time being.’ He quickly grabbed a scarf that was hanging from the coat rack and covered Steve’s eyes. ‘There, much better.’
‘Evidence, Rogers,’ Fury murmured without looking at the man in front of him.
‘… Brother…?’ Loki whispered, softly poking the teen’s ribs with the tip of the stick, ‘Have you truly come to pass…?’
The two then fell completely silent as they looked at each other, their heavy emotions fading as well. Thor quickly let go of Loki’s arm, noticing how his strong grip had already started bruising the raven’s skin.
Loki quickly nodded and adjusted the towel that represented his cape so that it looked decent. ‘Loki Odinson. It is a pleasure to meet you, Sir Banner.’ He said as he held out one paint-covered hand.
Peter shifted slightly on his feet, his stance starting to get a little uncomfortable. ‘And what is it thou wisheth to do with this “infinite power”?’
Peter grumbled softly. He thought he only had to keep a close eye on Loki, that he had to watch
‘I would tell you if you would let me finish talking,’ Strange snapped, his dark brown eyes effectively silencing the other man. ‘I couldn’t find any injuries that indicated a fight, however, I
The billionaire looked up, meeting Stane’s puzzled gaze as he was standing on the front porch. ‘Obie,’ Tony walked inside, Steve following him like a shadow. ‘We need to talk.’
Thor looked at the three huddled on the ground and then at his own brother whose eyes were locked on the family as well. ‘Loki, is this of your doing?’ he asked, his voice low.
Before Thor could even react, the two were back in the hallway where they started, the god nearly losing his footing as they shifted rooms again.
Thor sighed, then whispered harshly through clenched teeth so his little brother would not hear it. ‘Listen, Loki has this thing with knifes and daggers and for some reason, of which I am still not certain, they always end up in my back or chest or somewhere else in my body!’ He then took a deep breath, ‘Also, do not teach an eight-year-old that it is okay to play with knives.’ He grumbled but the soldier didn’t look impressed.
‘Well,’ Loki stared at the three adults in front of him and then back at Thor, softly muttering, ‘yes brother, I will wait here…’
'So, another kid in Stark Tower, huh?’ Tony noted as he looked straight ahead, making it look like he wasn’t really talking to anyone in particular. A smile then formed on his face as he heard Peter and Loki laugh in the back yard. Playing Einherjar must be pretty fun, though the playboy had no idea what it was. ‘I guess I could get used to that, you know, another kid.’
‘Master…?’
‘Anyone else got the feeling we’re being spied on?’ the man spoke as he slightly narrowed his eyes and tried to look past the two women, causing Loki to quickly hide behind the wall again.
‘So… who are you supposed to be?’ Peter asked as he wrapped his arms around the god’s waist, ‘An ancient Greek version of Black Panther?’
‘… Nah!’ Quill let out but as Thor’s look remained serious, he continued. ‘You’ve got to be messing with me, right?
‘Master…?’ Steve turned towards Tony and placed his hand on the man’s lap to get his attention. ‘Did I do something wrong?’
‘Well, I’m not really sure about calling myself an
‘I hate to tell you, Rogers, but I’m thinking the guy’s right,’ Tony mumbled with a sigh. ‘I know your gut is telling you different but up until now this entire situation seems to be one big accident. Plus, even
‘Nope, but ain’t he cute? And you better be nice to him cause we’re brothers now, okay?’
Sam frowned heavily but then decided to laugh and shake his head, ‘Yeah man, sure, whatever.’ With a simple touch on the mechanical weapon system strapped around his wrist, Sam expanded the wings of his suit, causing Loki to gaps. ‘The name’s Sam Wilson, kid,’ the man said, placing his hands in his side as he stared in the distance, ‘but you can call me Falcon.’ He then looked at Loki as he first heard no response. The raven seemed completely frozen on the spot and just stared back at him with wide eyes, his body completely tensed. ‘Kid? You oka-’
Standing in front of him, wearing nothing but a tight dark blue bodysuit, was a man. The playboy froze, not wanting to see the look on his own face as he stared at the divine body in front of him. The man was tall, hair blond and shoulders broad. His waist was small, legs strong and every muscle clearly visible beneath the suit. His eyes, however, were still closed.
‘And there was nothing out of the ordinary? Nothing different?’
‘Do you turn into an ant, just like Peter turns into a spider?’
‘Analyzing content, sir.’ The calming voice of the AI echoed through the room. ‘Analyze complete. Content seems to be hybrid, a fusion of both biological and inorganic material.’
Half an hour had passed in which Tony did not dare to talk, fearing he will regret his decision.
‘How am I supposed to get down the stair like this?’ The captain responded, now sounding more beaten down than angry. The creaking sound of a door opening followed, and Steve stepped out of his room and into the corridor. ‘I can’t see a thing with this on my head, Tony…’ he pointed at the large mask he was wearing.
‘Wait wait,’ Peter interrupted, ‘I thought Tony changed the formula.’
‘Steve?’ Tony cautiously walked towards his boyfriend whose back was now turned to the avengers. ‘Steve, honey, you okay?’ He crouched behind the captain and placed a hand on the man’s shoulder.
Tony’s mouth hang slightly open, desperate for oxygen in the steam-filled room. The tiles on the wall were cold against his flush cheeks, the sound of the water falling on the floor was not nearly enough to muffle his lewd cries and gasps. He pressed his eyes shut, lust stirring hot in his core as he came in Steve’s willing hand.
good.’
‘I will never get used to that,’ Banner sighed as he placed his hand on his heart, taking a deep breath.
I bless my Fate, and ask you to wait,
The playboy merely shook his head once, words abandoning him. Silence filled the room as the doll continued his work, leaving Tony in nothing but his underwear. He opened the covers and guided his master into his bed. ‘Sleep well, Tony.’
‘We didn’t want to trouble her. She trusted him and he was good to her, and to her business.’
‘Beast?’ Tony called out after which both Peter and he stopped and looked at each other with a frown. ‘What?’ the playboy continued, ‘I feel horrible for saying this, but I don’t know what to call him otherwise.’
