"The negotiations have been concluded," Mycroft answered calmly. "The only thing left is to hand over the plans. Completely harmless. Everything's being monitored by the secret service. The caretaker works for the NDB. There's nowhere safer."
Sherlock raised his eyes and looked at John. His gaze flickered. "He doesn't trust me," he said dully. The pain was audible in his voice, the reproach as well.
"I think everyone's just happy the diamonds are back where they belong. Especially those priests who were safeguarding one in their candle without realising it was part of the Royal Collection."
"That's why I couldn't clue you in. I'm asking you to forgive me for that, John. It was the hardest part, you know. I had to make you believe my breakdowns were all made up and I had everything under control. I know I didn't succeed in that."
In the midst of the tumult, John reaches into the pocket of his dressing gown. Sherlock cries out softly as John pushes him away with one hand, keeping him at a distance, forcing him to wait, panting, until he's prepared, prepares both of them, himself and Sherlock, his hand steady, even now amidst this crazy frenzy, spreading the lubricant on Sherlock's cock, holding him off with the other hand – Sherlock on the edge of control – and then reaches into Sherlock's hair with both hands and looks him in the eye.
"All right, have it your way..." The teapot being put down ungraciously, the brief clatter of the porcelain lid bouncing against the edge of the pot. Mrs Hudson's offended muttering in the stairwell. The door being pulled shut downstairs.
A sound of shock from a man's throat. John's heart was racing. All of his antennas were pointed into the darkness in front of him. After a couple of seconds of shock, the man said something in Russian. The words were repelled and smeared by the echo of the space.
John lowered himself to his armchair before the fire with his whiskey glass, staring into the flames. A couple of seconds later he got up again, set the glass on the mantlepiece and added more wood to the fire. He was too nervous to stay seated, went into the kitchen and put water on for tea. He had a full day behind him. A woman had been at the door first thing that morning with a girl who'd fallen off her bike on the way to school and broken her arm. He'd put a splint on the arm, tended to her wounds, and sent the woman to Dr Halsey in Dallington. A little while later, the woman had brought him some apple juice and a loaf of wood fired bread. Early that afternoon, Dr Halsey had come to the door, a large middle-aged man, red hair, alert hazelnut-brown eyes, friendly face.
Mrs Hudson clapped her hands over her mouth in shock when she saw the pair of them. Sherlock was still wearing his torn, bloody shirt. John looked to be on the verge of collapsing.
Sherlock had turned his phone off for the session with Ella, and forgot to turn it back on. But that was irrelevant now.
"There are inventory lists from the royal treasury and several chronicles that document what happened in 1649. They name the priest who was forced to hand over the jewels at the time. Two of the sources mention that he supposedly was a member of a secret brotherhood that encouraged sodomy amongst priests. That has to be Chaeronea. Lydia – Professor Sheppard – looked up the applicable passages."
"I'll be with you in Sussex soon," he'd whispered when he'd hugged him good-bye, before the eyes of the taxi driver, close and intimate.
The clinic was situated a little ways outside of the city. A collection of baroque and modern architecture, set in the midst of a wide-flung park that was surrounded by a fence at least two metres high. John walked through the wrought iron gate and up the path lined with light-coloured gravel that led to the columned entryway of the baroque style main building. It was a rambling, three-story affair that presented itself like a fortress with its massive structure to anyone who approached. Daunting and defiant. A fountain splashed in the little square in front of it.
John watched him and smiled. Then he turned to the stove, got it going, put coffee on. He opened the cabin door. It wasn't raining anymore. The sky had cleared. He went outside, naked, went to the water trough, washed his face in the icy water. He hesitated a moment then stepped into the trough, into the ice-cold water, dipped his head under, splashed around, just for a few seconds, snorting, gasping. Then he jumped out, shook off, laughed out loud and free. He hadn't taken the towel outside with him, so the cool morning air chilled him immediately and he hurried back to the door.
Sherlock took a deep breath. He felt the pill slowly taking effect. His body became heavy and warm. He turned onto his side, assuming a sleeping position. The bed smelled like John. He heard John breathing right in front of him, heard the rustling of the blanket as John straightened it out. John had turned to face him.
The words, enunciated in a loud, clear voice, echoed in the darkened chapel. There was something threatening about them. The priest in charge abruptly launched into the Canon of the Mass. He spread a white cloth out on the floor in the centre of the circle and knelt down. His two assistants brought a chalice, a pitcher, and a loaf of bread wrapped in white linen, laying the offerings on the cloth. The priest took the bread, blessed it, and tore it in half. A very physical, powerful act, far from the barely noticeable, symbolic fraction of the Host that John was familiar with.
"I'm here because I need your help to find her," he finally said. "I don't want you to solve the case. But I need someone to help me think."
Rose looked up, alarmed. She passed the news on to her agent right away, discussed with her what should be done.
The conversation. Eyes closed, on the couch. John's voice in his ear. Closeness. Breath. An intimate conversation. Shy. Long. Intense in a way that wasn't possible between them when they were face to face.
John thought he had roared it, but it was only a growl. A cold, dangerous growl. Sherlock flinched back, startled. John's insane realisation that he was no longer in control of what happened next. That forlorn, resigned, fearful knowledge was the last lucid thought he had. Then lava shot into his head, stopped up his ears with its heavy pressure, poured his eyes full of red, made his heart froth up, his hands glow with energy, forming into fists. John thought he felt the heat of Sherlock's body in front of him, an intolerable provocation. He jumped up, blind, and struck out. Without any warning. Slammed his fist into Sherlock's face. Sherlock staggered. Blood immediately spurted from his nose. He fell against the wall and as he sank back, another blow struck him in the stomach. Sherlock curled up, and John grabbed him by the neck before he slid to the floor, shoved him up against the wall with both hands, choking him. Sherlock wheezed. His pale eyes wide open and in shock.
Sherlock swallowed hard. The blood had drained out of his face. He looked at John, a long time. Puzzled. Pensive. He didn't speak.
"Yes, you've told me that several times. And you didn't keep me informed because I wouldn't have been able to play at grieving for you convincingly enough." Impatience in John's voice. "But I don't believe a single word you say anymore, Sherlock Holmes. And I want to know the truth now. The WHOLE truth."
John and Sherlock took a taxi back to Baker Street, where Rose was waiting for them. John was lost in thought and withdrawn. He sat silently next to Sherlock in the back of the car. He'd responded to Sherlock's relief with a sobering look and interrupted his flood of words with a distinct hand gesture.
"And give me and hour and half to google Emmy Noether and – maybe, don't get your hopes up – to understand the theorem," John replied cheerfully.
Martin's dark eyes searched Sherlock's blue ones, pale as water. Then he said, "You're a chemist and solve criminal cases. If you can find a contradiction there, either with you or with me, then show me the proof."
We eat in the kitchen. It is raining lightly outside. I feel a deep, quiet connection to Watson, whose grey, thoughtful eyes find mine again and again. My Doctor. I have not injected cocaine since I began having immoral relations with him. He quenches my addiction. He stills my unease. He satiates my body and my soul.
"A brilliant plan," Sherlock said. "You thought Callum would swallow the poisoned capsule at some point. Unpredictable. Pure coincidence, the probability being high that it would happen in the morning at his house. Callum was old and lived alone. No one would suspect it was murder. Unfortunately, your plan didn't pan out. Martin took the capsule in the club following a ritual. Too bad for you, Dr Burton. And if you're thinking of continuing your silence: we've done our homework. Your fingerprints were found on the Optineuro bottle. That's enough to bring this case to trial. Even without a confession."
"What kind of things? What precisely did you need to know from Ethan in particular, hm? And why did you withhold this information all night? Sherlock. Ethan is a friend of mine. I don't want you putting him in danger."
They looked at each other. John was surprised at the question. And he was touched by what he saw in Sherlock's eyes. Such a warmth in their depths. Sherlock had gone to the threshhold of the mysteries with him. Had lost himself in ecstasy. Melded at the core of their very being. Flowed into each other. Sherlock was capable of it. No question.
John's eyes flashed. He stood in front of Sherlock where he still sat on the bed, looked grimly down at him.
Sherlock shook his head. Then he got up and simply walked out, left the cabin and disappeared. John stayed sitting there, staring blankly at nothing. His heart was about to break. He could feel it. There was a limit. The burning pain, almost unbearable, threatening to tip into anger and disappointment, instead spilled over into a sudden coolness, a decision, a no. A liberating move. To open his hand. Simply open the hand that held the strings which fate was pulling on. Let go. Put an end to the cutting, burning, tug-of-war. Let the wounds heal. Once the limit was passed, there would be no turning back. Once that hand was open, the strings could no longer be reclaimed. John felt that moment approaching. He knew he would pay for it in tears and tribulation, but also that it would allow a new start afterwards. A life without Sherlock.
"That's correct," Rose said. "The child makes us susceptible to blackmail. You and me both. Or am I wrong about that?" An undercurrent of provocation in her voice.
The neighbour's door opened. A young woman spoke to him in Russian. John showed her the piece of paper with the address. She read it, then talked at him, gesticulating. She held up four fingers and pointed upstairs, then waved dismissively and indicated with scrabbling fingers that he'd left. John nodded, and in answer to his question of where Andrej Igorovich might be now, she signed that she needed something to write with.
John was beaming. His grey eyes looked bright and clear in his tanned face. He'd showered and put on a light summer shirt, smelt fresh, of soap and dampness. He came over to where Sherlock stood by the cooker.
"There's a recipe in Lucius Krambold's opus," Sherlock said, "but it doesn't work. Krambold himself wrote that the recipe was incomplete. He built in a delta, a twist that he would never reveal. He himself brewed the potion for anyone who asked, however, and served it to them. At least that's what Anonymous 3 says on
The only reason to breathe would be for him. His skin. The familiar scent of tobacco and lye soap, the tang of his sweat and the sweet bitterness of his arousal. The combination, its components constantly changing when we made love. But his mere presence would suffice for me, the smell of him beside me, his body, the joy of his attention, his smile. That alone would be worth breathing for.
It is late in the afternoon and oppressively hot. The air seems to be more humid than it was in the morning. And yet the heat bothers me less. Perhaps because I know that we will be able to cool off at the well behind the cottage very soon. Perhaps it is the anticipation of being alone and undisturbed with John tonight. Perhaps it is the hard berries between my fingers. Most likely it is the case that is beginning to attain a structure in my head. Not least due to Watson's contributions clarifying and focussing my suspicions. My friend, as so often, has discovered more from his conversation with Waugh's sister than I would have been able to. His charming, trustworthy manner is especially endearing to the fairer sex, often leading them to divulge much more than they intended. Thus I receive important information through my beloved Doctor that I would not have been able to gather myself.
John sat in his bed, leaning back against the headboard, and listened to the footsteps recede. Sherlock went slowly down the stairs and into the living room. John wasn't sure at first whether he should just turn off the light and go to sleep. But he felt lonely. Abandoned. The abrupt ending. It hurt and it felt wrong.
"Martin won't spread it around," Sherlock said. "Anyway, we could also be here privately. Phil is the only one who knows we're conducting an investigation."
Now, up close, she looked older than John had recalled. She cut the bread, focused and calm. Her hands were those of a mature woman. Her face was relaxed, the skin tanned and dry from the mountain air, creases around the eyes. Several grey strands in her short, dark hair.
"Thank you, John," Sherlock said quietly, his voice soft, dark satin. And after a pensive moment of silence, he added, "I didn't know before what it meant to be truly happy."
The wound on his arm hurt like hell. He was tired. Incredibly tired. His whole body hurt. Where was Mycroft? Where was Sophie? What did his brother have to do with the child? Why had he disappeared? That was unusual. Mycroft was a git but he was reliable and kept his appointments down to the last second. What had happened? Sherlock's head was spinning. He wanted to think, but he was no longer capable of precision thinking, couldn't put the facts together. The pain in his arm made it impossible to concentrate. He hadn't eaten anything all day. When was the last time he'd slept? John. He'd left him alone all day, hadn't even checked in with him. He needed to go to John. He needed to go home. He needed to sleep.
"I'm just in the middle of writing the sermons for the next few Sundays," Ethan explained, having followed Sherlock's alert, assessing gaze. "Have a look around. Tea?"
"We'll take you out of here now," Mycroft said. "My colleague will accompany you to the medevac helicopter. In your own interest."
A few scattered couples sat in the cosy spots by the water, now and again there was a family. They napped, chatted, picnicked, and bathed. The rush was over, most people had already gone home. No sign of Sherlock and Dave. John had checked out nearly all of the cross-paths when he heard laughter out in the water. The echo carried the sound across the surface of the water right to him. It was Sherlock's laugh. John immediately slipped behind the tree he was standing next to. Sherlock was splashing around with Dave, almost in the middle of the pond. With Dave and a third person. A woman. All three of them were laughing and splashing each other enthusiastically. Then the woman swam towards the shore, Dave and Sherlock followed.
He emerged from the mountains into the crowded centre of a densely regulated system with strict rules. The further into the background the wild mountainside receded, the more the urban conglomerations prevailed, the more doubts John had that he'd made the right decision.
I cannot help but admire him for the way he thinks and what he is. What he is to me as well. A strong and intrepid friend. And a loving partner in all these things that unsettle me so greatly.
"Okay. I just realised something. The compline service I was at took place in the section of the church reserved for the monks, but there wasn't a single monk in attendance. And it was all very physical."
He didn't get very far. Out in the corridor, he ran into Sergej, who was apparently on his way to see his mother. Blue eyes looked him over attentively. Then Sergej said in fluent English with only a slight accent, "You're a friend of my father's. Your name is John, if I remember correctly."
Sherlock closed his eyes, sinking into the warmth that surrounded his body and opened his heart and mind wide. He had felt it, even back then. But he'd been afraid. Had tried to separate John from every hint of emotion with the scalpel of his brain. Was that the reason he'd jumped off the roof of Bart's, because it hadn't worked anymore? Was that why he'd allowed everything to escalate like it had? Destroy what he couldn't control. Cut John off. There would have been other solutions back then. He should have involved John.
John had asked him in and they'd drunk tea together and discussed how they could work together. Or rather: Dr Halsey had ambushed John, saying he was urgently in need of help and would be grateful if John could take some patients off him.
Sherlock shrugged from where he half sat, half lay sprawled across the chair, one leg crossed over the other and bouncing up and down. "Deduction. Experience. Knowledge of human nature."
Sherlock shifted over wordlessly. John lowered himself to the couch beside him. He smelled warm and familiar. The olfactory components that were missing from Baker Street. Sherlock caught himself inhaling them greedily. Memories and a sense of satiation. John was being lax with his personal space. He sat close. Almost touching.
"So much chaos and confusion," John said, his voice dull and flat. "I can't get a handle on my life anymore."
John toasted two slices of bread, set the glass with the orange marmelade on the table. Shades of a normal day. A perfectly natural, normal day with years of practise behind it. Sherlock's heart clenched as he realised how much he'd missed this.
The priest blessed the candidate, then hugged him. The other priests stood up and did the same. John went to the man and hugged him too. Sherlock shrank back. No one noticed, as everyone else was moving around by then. The friends and relatives got up, came into the sanctuary, and hugged the man, whispering things to him. Some gave him a white rose.
And so they'd done it, following tense discussions and lots of back-and-forths. They'd made their partnership official, got married. For the sake of peace and Mrs Hudson. Quietly, without any fuss. Mrs Hudson and Lestrade as witnesses sworn to silence, no one else. In secret, in a manner of speaking. There were even rings. Neither of them wore them, neither John nor Sherlock. Sometimes John pulled out the drawer and opened the little box, took the ring out. It was a narrow, very plain platinum band with 'Sherlock' engraved in it. That was it. Sherlock had the same thing with 'John'. John didn't know whether Sherlock ever thought of it, whether he sometimes looked at the ring as John did and put it on his finger and wanted to wear it, but then didn't.
"Do you know that, then?" he goaded Sherlock in desperation. "Do you know how things really are between us?"
"You have no right to see Sherlock's patient file," Dave said as he put the page in its place. He still sounded calm, but John could hear the tension in his voice. "You also have no right to be in this room. The sign clearly says it's for staff only."
John obeyed. It was as if he were in a trance. Maybe he was. He was calm and felt confident. He trusted what Martin was doing, what was happening, even if he didn't understand it. He sat in front of Sherlock, sorted out their legs, put his arms around him, let himself be drawn into a tight, desperate hug. Sherlock pressed his tear-streaked face into John's neck, his body shaking. John just held him.
Watson casts about for some tool with which to open the body. He is utterly unfazed by such matters. I, however, have no particular desire to perform an autopsy in a stinking cheese cellar.
"Might be?" Greg jumped to his feet. He didn't try to disguise the fact that he was angry. "That's a huge risk! What if he runs into John at one of these secret ceremonies somewhere in a hidden crypt? We'll have a problem then."
John sent a picture of himself between two women, one of them his sister Harry, the other a stranger. All three laughing, holding beers. Lanterns in the trees behind them. A party, obviously. A summer night party, John wrote. He said it was fun out there in the country, he'd laughed a lot, danced and talked. Nice people. And it got pleasantly cool at night. The sea air. And what was SHERLOCK doing all day?
"It's not just the music, John," Sherlock said. "It's what you hear in it. You might be the only one who can hear it. No one else. That's why it's for you. So just accept it."
Lestrade lifted a hand to say good-bye and left. John took a deep breath and visibly collapsed in the chair beside Sherlock's bed. Sherlock looked him over. John's expression was sombre and worried.
Later, when John felt in the pocket of his jacket for his wallet in order to pay the taxi, he found the calling card Maggie had given him. Tantric massage for couples. Strange idea of Maggie's. He couldn't for the life of him imagine Sherlock participating in a tantric massage. Or could he? Massage and relaxation were certainly part of the therapy at Rosenfeld. The thought that someone else might share a tantric massage with Sherlock flared up in him unexpectedly, making John shudder. He dismissed the thought. How absurd!
Sherlock nodded mutely. They were still looking at each other. Solemn. But calmer now. Ready for whatever needed to happen. It was a strange and novel situation. Not a case, not a criminal problem, not a public mission. Just them. The two of them. Their hands joined. And the topic they were discussing so earnestly was them.
"You're running on empty, brother mine," he said, the concern in his voice unmistakable. "I don't like it. Are you still in therapy?"
John closed his eyes again and relaxed. He was dead tired. Shaky and incredibly frail. Sherlock was alive. He could still feel Sergej squeezing his hand, heard the regular beeping fading away and fell into a deep sleep.
Since there was no reaction forthcoming, John turned his head to look at Sherlock. The saltwater in the bubble pool churned around Sherlock's chin. His dark hair hung down wetly in his face. The underwater lighting darkened the blue of his eyes to a dark, shadowy, nighttime-blue, reflecting the continuous, undulating motion of the water. Sherlock's expression was anything but relaxed. John reached for Sherlock's arm in the foamy froth, found his hand where it was clinging underwater to the railing of the pool. John placed his hand on top of Sherlock's, begging to be allowed to take it in his. Sherlock slowly unwrapped his fingers from the bar to clutch John's hand.
It smelled of disinfectant, just like any other hospital. They walked silently beside each other down the cool, antiseptic corridor. Sherlock hadn't wanted to come. He was doing it for John. And maybe for Mary too.
Sherlock was covered in wounds that were already sticky, had stopped bleeding. He was shivering despite the heat. John had laid his jacket over him. They lay beside each other on the palette and held each other close. They were both too weak to do anything. Tending to the wounds had taken what was left of John's strength.
"Sherlock. The news has reached me that Mary is dead. I am truly sorry to hear it. How is John doing?"
So up here is where those strange rituals took place. John walked around the wall, studying the archetypes. Peter had been found in the Magician's garden. The toilets were on the south side, in the Warrior's realm. And Davide had died on the north side of the ritual room, in the King's area. Was it coincidence? If not, then the Lover was missing. A fourth murder was missing. Was it possible? John didn't like that he couldn't discuss the idea with Sherlock. That he couldn't have him at his side. Sherlock would have drawn his initial conclusions by now.
The witness sat in the interrogation room at the Yard, having already made her statement. She'd heard noises down on the street that night and looked out her window only to see three figures overpowering a man and ripping the baby away from him that he'd carried in a kangaroo pack on his chest. The man had been able to hold back one of the kidnappers and delivered a fierce fight. The other two had fled with the child. The woman had called the police straightaway. The police car had arrived right when the one man knocked the other one down, leaving him motionless on the pavement. The two police officers had grabbed the man, still reeling from the fight, and tried to hold him down, but he'd fought back hard, ranted and raved about going after the kidnappers, right now, saying his daughter had been stolen. And that they needed to let Sherlock Holmes know. But the two officers hadn't listened, hadn't seen the kidnapping, just the man lying inert on the ground and the other one who had done it to him. After a few minutes, a second patrol car had arrived, and the four of them had managed to subdue the frenzied man. The paramedics who showed up shortly thereafter reanimated the man lying on the ground and took him away. That was it. The woman hadn't seen anything else. But it was enough to prove that John had acted in self-defense.
When Sherlock was awoken by the noise of the day, he found John's side of the bed empty. It must have been nearly noon; he'd only slept a few hours, and those had been restless. It was light outside, the street was busy. Sherlock got up, went into the bathroom, turned on the light, and stopped in his tracks in surprise.
"That's good like that," Martin said. "Come, sit in front of Sherlock so you can put your arms around each other."
"He was my friend and commanding officer in Afghanistan. You know that, Sherlock," John said calmly.
"I put the brakes on and asked for a rain check," Sherlock conceded. "After all, I'm in therapy. They understood."
John swallowed. He took a deep breath and lowered his gaze. Then he straightened up, slowly, as if he were weighed down with leaden weights. His hands clenched into fists.
"Step outside and get some fresh air," she said, her voice kind. "There's a rooftop terrace next to the cafeteria on the top floor. We'll come get you."
"She said it's our house, we can do whatever we like with it, including selling it. But we won't do that. Maybe one of us will want to come back here at some point."
Their first attempts had failed. Too rushed, too excited, too uncoordinated. Both concerned only with themselves. Too fast, too strong. It wasn't until the third time that they'd found each other, taken their time; been attentive. At some point in the early morning hours, their souls had met. Tender. Affectionate. Bared. Free. And so familiar. So incredibly familiar.
John pulled away from him, slowly, delicately, as if he had felt what was going on inside Sherlock. Maybe he had. Sherlock held on to him, frantic, held his arms, his shoulders, wrapped his arms around John's neck, folded his hands at John's nape, held fast, didn't let him go, didn't let the distance between them grow beyond that at which he could still feel the heat, John's body heat, still breathe in his scent.
As John stared out the window, he realised it wasn't the sexual contact with Sherlock that had driven him away. It was the gravity and obligation that went along with it. This step towards intimacy meant something to him. Not just physically. It meant being allowed into someone else's soul. It meant devotion. Trust. He didn't trust Sherlock. He didn't know - never knew - where he stood with him, what game he was playing. That was sandy ground, and he couldn't build on it.
"I don't know," John said slowly, his gaze still locked on Sherlock's and his brow now creased with concern. "I thought it was about love. But that's – not quite – it either." John hesitated. "Maybe," he said very softly, "I don't know what love is."
It sounded frosty. John was annoyed and hurt. Still hurt. He wanted to stand up, but Sherlock held him back by the wrist.
Nora looked into Sherlock's eyes, then John's. She smiled and said, her words soft and filled with emotion: "I see you're wearing rings."
John nodded calmly, signalled that he was ready. The emergency physician crouched down next to the body bag. John felt Mycroft beside him and reached for his arm. A brief illusion that it was Sherlock standing next to him, who had stood next to him, a trusted source of security, aid, comfort at so many crime scenes. The doctor pulled down the zipper on the body bag.
"That's why I don't want to tie it," John retorted. It came out a little more harshly than he'd intended. "I mean, there's not even any proof that the diamonds are hidden in those ritual candles. If you really want to affirm our relationship with a ritual, Sherlock, we can do it another way."
Sherlock swallowed the mouthful of egg. "Of course she's part of the family," he said. "I was thinking anyway that we should... I mean, Baker Street isn't exactly ideal, but we could arrange things. We still have the room upstairs and Mrs Hudson has an extra room she's using for storage that we could let as well."
John held onto the rope that was attached to the wall as a kind of handrail. Gerome went first, lighting the way.
Following their discussion in the cellar, Sherlock and John had gone up to the flat occupied by the four sisters of the Merciful Cross. Several members of the forensic evidence-gathering team were searching the rooms. Sherlock wordlessly put on a pair of nitrile gloves and went straight to the miniature altar that stood in a kind of prayer corner in the living room. Lestrade had already confiscated the two altar candles.
John stood up so he could sit down beside Sherlock on the bench and held him as Sherlock sank down against him, clung to him, his face pressed into John's neck as he cried freely. John put his arms around him, pulled the haggard figure toward him, nudged his nose into the tangled hair and closed his eyes. Sherlock smelled unfamiliar. Different.
John. John, who'd allowed Magnussen to torment him, to flick him in the face. To humiliate him. Right before his eyes. His growing determination to put an end to the game. The realisation that he was going to need to kill Magnussen to erase Mary's past. To set John free. To release John from that dangerous past, to protect his young family. To pave the way for John's future. A future with Mary and the baby. To make him happy. No matter the price. He'd set everything on a single card. And lost it all. He'd been ready to pay any price. Including his life. Any price but this one. Not Mary, not Sophie. Not John's happiness.
John looked up, surprised, and their eyes met. John's smile. The touch, the shadow. Wistful affection in John's grey eyes. The flageolet stealing away through the stucco. Silence fell over the living room.
It wasn't good for two men to be so close. Not if they were still meant to work together. Not in that way. John had suspected it. To be frank, he'd known it all along. Known this was going to happen. Sooner or later. That there was more between them than they wanted to admit, and that that more could be explicitly defined. That it didn't do any good to turn a blind eye to it.
"There's something here." Sherlock examined the hand he'd placed on the floor to support himself, rubbing something thoughtfully between his fingers. "Have you got a match?"
Sherlock felt dizzy and sick the whole time. He felt as if the rug had been pulled out from under his feet. The pressure in his head. He didn't let John out of his sight for a single second. He needed him, needed the reality of his presence. Needed something to hold on to. To hold on to mentally, to hold fast to reality.
Sergej looked at John, nonplussed. "My father? I was going to ask YOU that. You know him better than I do. I've hardly ever seen him. He was there for my adoption, he had to sign the papers. He sent money to me at school a few times, even though I didn't need it. My mother had plenty. He was there for my graduation in Moscow, and we spent a few days together. He came to my wedding last year. And now we have met again because my mother is here."
John raised his head. Sherlock was resting his forehead on his folded hands, like John. Dark curls tumbled over pale fingers. The cloth of the woollen coat stretched across his bowed back. Beneath it, his ribcage rose and fell. Although John knew Sherlock wasn't lost in reverent thought, the image still made his heart squeeze unexpectedly. It awoke old memories, ones he'd wanted to forget forever. Ones he had forgot. Ethan. John didn't want to be reminded. This was different. Sherlock was breathing calmly. Sherlock wasn't crying the way Ethan had back then.
along. Maybe for sentimental reasons. He'd also brought the strap. It was a narrow leather bracelet he'd plaited in Afghanistan, somewhere in a village under a tree following directions from one of the local women. She'd been working goat leather and he'd asked her what she was doing; she'd shown him. She'd laughed at his clumsy fingers. He'd taken to wearing the bracelet all the time, and not taken it off his wrist until he began a new life in London. With Sherlock.
John looked up. The emotions were clear in Sherlock's eyes. Filled with words that had never been said. Fear. Admissions that remained unspoken. Perhaps forever. John swallowed. His heart hurt. He turned his hand over and grasped his friend's fingers.
John swallowed, cleared his throat and then said, his voice thick, "I'm going to have a shower. I'll be ready in ten minutes."
John wasn't sure he understood everything correctly. There were two links alongside the introduction:
Sherlock didn't do anything more than whisper his name. He touched John's damp forearm with timid fingers. John didn't move. He was weeping silently. Still, even now. Moisture trickled down the well-formed hands into the terrycloth. John's breaths were laboured. His tears were muted and desolate. Sherlock stroked John's hands with wet fingertips, felt cautiously along the tendons, fingers, finally wrapping his hand around John's wrist and squeezing lightly.
The man was taller than him. A long, threadbare army coat, fur hat, a dirty woollen scarf covering his face. The eyes narrowed to slits to protect them from the wind and cold. Sherlock! John felt as if he'd lost touch with reality. He stared at the man, frozen in surprise. It was Sherlock. Those were Sherlock's eyes.
"You won't be able to avoid it, Sherlock. If you want to participate in the ritual, you're going to have to lie down. Either in the suit, or you get yourself some vestments."
"Our cliff isn't your past, Sherlock," John said quietly. "It's our present. And neither of us is looking down there, you know that."
John had waited for him outside with Rosie. The little girl was babbling as she played with the colourful pebbles John had gathered with her along the shallow riverbank and laid out on a blanket.
"A male body was washed ashore in the Aare upstream from Hirssi," he said after speaking over his radio for a while. "We'd appreciate it if you could identify it. I can take you."
John let himself sink back against the door jamb. His words made him feel faint. His pulse hammered painfully in his ears. It was hard to breathe, the air dense and close. He'd driven Sherlock away with his demands; Sherlock, who had come to him. And now he was running after him. He didn't know what was right. His stomach was heavy with heat. His heart hurt. Desire tore at him. The desire to hold Sherlock in his arms, to inhale his scent, to touch and caress him, to feel his breath on his lips, his sighs; to love him. An unexpectedly powerful feeling whose roots ran straight through him, anchored throughout his body. A feeling that flooded his loins with hot blood, made him light-headed, filled every last corner of his mind and left him hanging helplessly in the doorway, indecisive and dithering like an inexperienced adolescent.
"I'll inundate you with texts," Sherlock said with a wan smile. "But you're not to answer. Promise."
She thinks about it, blows her nose. She has fallen into a story-telling attitude, which is often observed in guilty parties. Once it has been initiated, the information springs forth unimpeded, perhaps an unconscious function of the brain and the psyche. Easing the conscience as quickly as possible. The culprits become calmer and release themselves from their own burdens. It is a rare villain who is so fiendish and heartless that he intends evil right to the end. Only the most dastardly never show remorse. Miss Boon is not one of them.
Dozens of text messages every day. Bearing witness to the fact that John was thinking of him. Thinking of him constantly. All day. Just like Sherlock thought of him. Constantly. During the day. John slept at night. Sherlock didn't. His smart phone lay on the table. Sherlock picked it up. No new messages. He kept pacing. The song was still stuck in his head.
Sherlock opened his eyes and their gazes met. The wild, flickering blue with an intense glow in its depths. John let the plastic bag drop carelessly to the floor and flung his arms around Sherlock, hugged him fiercely and with all the force of the emotions which welled up so tempestuously inside him. Sherlock returned the embrace, pressed his face into John's neck, his fingers into John's hair, the nape of his neck.
It was cool when John got up in the morning, extricated himself from Sherlock's arms. Sherlock didn't wake up. He turned over, kept sleeping, buried himself in the pillow, his dark curls tumbling across his face.
"No. He didn't seem to be aware that the old priest had wanted to give them to him. I spent quite a lot of time with him, asking him questions, trying to find out more about the candles and the gems. At some point, we started talking about fraternities of priests. Thomas didn't tell me he belonged to one, much less which one. But we did speak of Chaeronea. He told me all about it. But we spoke of it as if we'd heard such a thing had existed in the Middle Ages. Thomas told me about the sacred knot, and that the candle is passed on to a priest's partner when he dies. And that when he then dies, both candles are taken by a younger brother and given to the flames as part of a ritual."
"No. Neither he nor the other victims were ever at the Rosenfeld Centre. That's why you didn't find any patient records."
John had nodded. Listless. Weakened by lack of sleep and bitterness. Sherlock's return hadn't brought any peace to his nights. Nor to his days. Quite the contrary.
"Sudden headache," he said. "Maybe the air in there, the incense. It's gone now. Everything's fine, John. It's fine."
A warm hand on his shoulder. Fingers brushing his arm, the back of his hand. Movement beside him. The mattress shaking. Breath, very close. Someone else's body heat under the cover. Arms holding him firmly. Pulling him into a place of deep, gentle comfort. Sherlock let himself fall and barely had time to feel it before he drifted off.
A new universe. Sherlock's eyes open wide. John lowered himself, ran his hands over Sherlock's body. Fingertips. Palms. Tongue. Hot skin. Bones. Muscles. Hollows. Salt. Satin. Sweat. Heat. Hardness. Silk. Wetness. Sherlock's unrestrained moans. A firm hand buried itself in John's hair. Painful. Stopping him. Fever. Delirium. Intoxication. Sherlock rolled onto him. Hot breath, panting.  An uninhibited kiss. Sherlock's fingers. Seeking. Wet. John opened to them. Curled toward them as they stroked along his perineium, uncertain, shaky, demanding. Sherlock.
John's eyes are brimming with sadness. He nods briefly, mute. His expression is somber and bitter. He is so pensive. So very pensive that it frightens me.
Sherlock closed his eyes, overwhelmed by the immediacy of the music. There weren't many voices, perhaps five. Five female voices in perfect unison. A current of shared breath in deep meditation. Gregorian plainsong, more than a thousand years old. Agogic vibrations of a trance. An amazing thing to experience. It relaxed Sherlock completely. He surrendered to it, buoyed up by the stream of crystal clear being. It was as if it penetrated him completely, blowing away any shadows. Sherlock listened to the words. They were in Latin. Simple, medieval Latin.
Did anyone know where he was? Was anyone missing him? Did Sherlock know he hadn't flown to London? Would Mycroft notice that he hadn't checked in again? Where was Sergej? Had Nikita seen what happened to him? Or had Nikita lured him into a trap? Why? Why was he here? Who wanted something from him? And what? John knew it wasn't about him, but Sherlock; Andrej. Maybe Irene. Or possibly Sergej. But not John Watson. No one here was interested in him, other than as a way to put pressure on Andrej – or Sherlock. But then he was only interesting alive. Or was he wrong? Was there something else at play here, something he didn't see?
"You can do anything." John sensed the immediate truth of those words. Yes. Sherlock was permitted everything.
"We both took the bond seriously, tried to pray together, to remain close. We held onto each other, but deep down our love had burnt itself out. It was nothing more than a pile of ash that we were no longer able to ignite. Thomas maintained the outward structure; in fact it became more and more important to him. I dreamt of the long-extinguished heart of our love and in doing so was unfaithful to him. I desecrated the things we had made sacred. I knew it was destroying our bond."
* According to legend, the serpent showed Benedict that the chalice was poisoned, thus saving his life.
"We're talking about my wife here, do you even get that? And my child! Why didn't you tell me? Sherlock! Why are you working against me?"
He would never forget that look. Never. Mycroft's cool eyes on him, on their embrace, on Sherlock's eyes, which doubtless revealed the full extent of his emotions. The brief flicker in Mycroft's gaze. Alienation, disbelief, consternation, before he turned away with a disparaging twitch around his mouth. Sherlock only pulled John closer and closed his eyes, waiting until John was ready. The nun stood in front of them with Sophie, smiling, and waited too.
Dr Kenny's green-bue eyes rested calmly on him. John had wanted to storm out, but it was as if he were frozen in place. What was he running from? He was here to solve a case. Sherlock was somewhere in the house, most likely along with a savage, sexually motivated killer.
"And now," he said, "there's a new landscape with you. A fork in the road. In the midst of those valleys. A high plateau. Adventure. Sunshine. A lake. Wind. Unimagined freedom. New sensations. I can even hear the rustling of the leaves in the trees."
Sherlock waited outside the prison gates. Mycroft had arranged for the Crown prosecution's petition for remand to be rejected. John had to stay in contact, but he could move about freely. He was being released. He'd only spent a couple of hours in custody.
John took Sherlock's arm. "Sorry. I found the singing so beautiful and thought... never mind. Let's go see Sophie."
"No. We only tell ourselves that, Mycroft. We're alone, you and I, because we lack any sense of empathy. Sherlock is the exception. That's why I always wanted to have him for myself. And that's why you've watched over and protected him his whole life. But Sherlock won't procreate either. He's in love with a man. We are the last of the Holmes geniuses. It's too bad for our mother's legacy. She wasted her genius on us children. We're wasting ours on nothing at all."
John sat down, adrenaline pumping in his blood. There was a bomb threat, and they were sitting here chatting?
"What does the ring mean?" Sherlock asked. He'd been quite reticent up to this point, mostly listening but certainly observing and deducing Ethan all the same.
"And I have one more request, Sherlock. I'd like you to come with me to vespers at the Maria Stella Maris convent, and to visit Sophie afterwards."
"I know." John was reflective. "We came together under difficult circumstances. I was under pressure because of Martin and fled into your arms. I didn't give you a choice. I'm sorry, Sherlock."
"I'm going to take a shower," he whispered in John's ear. "And I need some money and your bank card." He paused one more moment, then decisively broke the embrace and got up. John sat there, still dazed by everything that had happened, and was happening.
John felt a piece of paper in his hand, Sherlock's bony fingers pressing it into his, warm and restless. Seeking. Trembling. Barely under control. John took the paper and set it aside. Sherlock's wavering breath still in his ear, lips at his earlobe, a tender bite, a surge of heat. John ran his hand over Sherlock's back to the nape of his neck, sought his mouth with his lips.
Their lips separated reluctantly. They leaned their foreheads against each other, bewitched, their eyes closed, quiet. John's fingers still played with Sherlock's curls when they sat up. Their eyes met. John's were different. So incredibly beautiful. Clear and deep and filled with something that overwhelmed Sherlock, flooding him with happiness. It was as if he had reached John by breaking through a glass wall. He saw in John's eyes that it was true. John smiled thoughtfully, leaving his hand in Sherlock's.
"This is my body which is broken for you," the priest said as he tore apart the bread. The effort it took was audible in his voice. It was an absolutely unambiguous statement with no sense of sympathy behind it. The sound of the bread being ripped open was unnaturally loud in the silence.
John stopped in his tracks, dumbfounded. He'd expected anything but this. Not for Sherlock to be standing in a hospital, right as rain, talking on the phone. Sherlock turned around. He seemed to freeze up just like John had. He ended the call immediately, walked toward John and stopped in front of him.
"Hardly," Mycroft said lightly. "He went to the Dossen lodge today. He'll be spending the night up there. Why are you so upset?"
Lestrade was walking back and forth in the kitchen with a headset on, talking quietly. He stopped suddenly in the doorway to the living room. Sherlock was immediately on alert. Their eyes met. A flicker in Lestrade's eyes.
John so close. The hand on his shoulder burned. It might have been meant as a friendly gesture, but it was anything but. It was a query. A hot, trembling query. Sherlock touched John's hand with his fingers. A current ran through his body. John took a deep breath.
John got up. He ran a hand through Sherlock's curls and kissed the soft fluff, which smelled of Sherlock: beguiling. Then he left the other man on the couch and went up the stairs to his room.
"I stood in for your partner. You haven't separated from him, John. Your soul is deeply enmeshed with his, and your body is burning for him. This is something you're going to have to look into. Do you understand?"
It was like an addiction, and it went on for a few days. Maybe they'd waited too long, should have done this long ago. They couldn't stop testing it out, again and again. They couldn't stop being amazed at what they were doing. They couldn't get enough of it. It was exciting and liberating. And it made them happy, sweeping away the daily grind with all of its heaviness and heartache. It awakened a sense of optimism, hope that the seed would bring forth shoots after a long, hard winter. And that out of those shoots a tree might grow and bear fruit.
John felt the cupboard behind his back. Sherlock was pushing him up against it, crowding into him. Sherlock's erection through the thin material. John was overcome by a wave of fire. It was coming from Sherlock and took his breath away. He reached into Sherlock's hair, feverish lips between his, demanding, a surprised moan, Sherlock's heat penetrating him forcefully. He opened up to it, sucked it in hungrily, returned it. A sudden pause, panting. Sherlock's hands trembling against his cheeks, the icy blue veiled and deep, bearing a question. John put his hand over Sherlock's, stroked it, slid his fingers ardently in between Sherlock's, crowded in close to his friend's overheated body, didn't leave any doubt that he wanted it. Wanted more.
And then, just as Sherlock was trying to figure out how to get close to Rosie without putting her in danger, help arrived from unexpected quarters. A thunderstorm arose. So sudden and so powerful that everything started flying around. The motorhome quaked when the destructive gusts of wind rattled at it. Then the creaking and banging of wood against wood.
"You and John, you work well together," she said. "All the cases you've solved together are proof of that. But this time, Sherlock, John has an emotional investment."
"Who says I want to go to Sussex? You never asked me. Never. Maybe I have completely different plans for retirement."
"Sit down, Doctor." It takes everything I have to make my statement calm and firm. I am upset by my friend's strong words, his reproaches and allegations, which I must acknowledge are true.
John hadn't counted on receiving a positive answer; he'd been prepared to have to convince Sherlock first. Sherlock wasn't a fan of strolls. John was surprised he'd agreed so readily. He would have liked to take it as a positive sign, but Sherlock's unsettled emotional state sent a diametrically opposed message.
Sherlock. Sherlock was missing. John knew it precisely at the same moment Martin asked. John bit his lips. He didn't answer. He was seized by a sense of bewilderment. Bewilderment and an unexpectedly painful longing for Sherlock. Sherlock. His presence was so strong. Sherlock. John fancied that if he reached out his hand, he could touch Sherlock in the darkness of the room.
Eight p.m. The rear entrance to Mycroft's office was locked. Damn it! Sherlock called Mycroft's number. Voice mail. Blah blah blah. Sherlock spoke: "We have an appointment at eight. Where should I go? Call me back."
A brick wall. Two metres high. Sherlock couldn't see the number of the house behind it. But the GPS system on his phone indicated this was number 93. The metal door, painted grey, was locked. No nameplate, no mailbox. A crooked doorbell affixed to the door frame on the left, the cable leading up over the wall. Sherlock pushed it.
John sat up and looked around the room, out of breath, tried to orientate himself. He turned to Sherlock, saw the tousled head on the pillows, the first few strands of silver in the dark hair. Sherlock  hadn't gone grey. Not yet. Had he been dreaming? They were on Baker Street. They lived here. Had done so for many years now. John shook himself, tried to shake off the dream. It had been so realistic, so incredibly realistic. John was still filled with an intense feeling of grief and love. Strange. It had been a long time since he'd had such a lucid dream.
John ran off. Sherlock after him. He didn't know what had happened. The buzzing continued, the pressure in his head. They ran into the building, up the stairs, down the hall. It smellrf of paper, cleaning solution, millet and apples. Children's cries. Sherlock remembered. He also remembered the room where Sophie lay, together with two other infants. John hesitated outside the door, knocked, then went in. Sherlock followed. Two women were standing by Sophie's cot, one of them clearly a doctor, stethoscope around her neck, white coat. She looked up. John went to her.
The spot was perfect for an assault, despite being in the middle of the city. The houses had lush front gardens filled with greenery, bushes and hedges that obstructed the view. The closest building was a kindergarten, which stood empty at night. The witness's house was across the street. The only one who had seen the incident.
John didn't ask himself any of that when he woke up next to Sherlock the following morning. Profoundly moved, he watched the sleeping face beside him in silence. The dark curls tumbling into the pale face. The black abundance he'd buried his fingers in, breathed and moaned into. The plump, unusually sensual Cupid's bow lips, now slightly parted, which he'd kissed passionately and intimately, down to the last nerve. The eyes, now closed, with the long, dark lashes. Beneath the lids those intense eyes which had penetrated deep into his soul and touched it. Surrounded it. Captured it.
A young man had approached from down the hall. A deep blue, inquisitive look brushed over John. The man exchanged a few low words with Sherlock, hugged him warmly, kissed him on both cheeks. Sherlock said something to him, gentle, and the man disappeared into room 209.
The sound of flushing. The shower. John stayed in the shower for a long time. When he emerged from the bathroom, a cloud of moisture and spicy shower gel came along with him. He went through the flat, passed by Sherlock without looking at him, directly into the kitchen. The glaring neon light flickered in the living space. Sherlock stood up and followed him.
"I'll do my best," he said in an unexpectedly low voice. The silk in his tone irritated John just as much as the fact that Sherlock wasn't making any move to leave.
"Quite a lot," Mycroft said. "But no one was interested in any of that until now, were they? Neither you nor John."
"He said, 'It's done. She's gone.' But he didn't say what it was he'd done. I didn't know he'd thrown her in the cess pit. I didn't know until she was found. I didn't dare ask, I was just happy she was gone."
"I don't think it should be a problem for you, John. The point of the club isn't your sexual orientation. It's about connections. Every man with an academic background is welcome. There are no selection criteria aside from an open mind and tolerance."
We walk along the path leading away from the cottage toward the barley field. Our steps are slow and silent. I still feel a little weak in the knees and have hooked my arm around Watson's. I am so incredibly grateful that he has stayed. That he stayed by my side during the night. That he is not returning to London, but staying with me.
John ran his hands slowly, possessively, through the hair at the base of Sherlock's skull. The curls, wet with perspiration, between his fingers. The dampness and heat. The smell of skin. Sherlock's lips parted. His pale eyes glazed over with a swell of arousal that rippled through his body. Sherlock's muscles tensed, he stretched in John's arms, his hardness pressed against John's. A single, small motion that precipitated a strong reaction with their close contact. John was overrun with a fiery desire. He felt the muscles of his lower body clench, his hips screaming to move, to grind, to thrust. But he forced himself to maintain the connection to Sherlock, even as that connection became tighter and harder with every contraction. Sherlock responded to it right away, gasping for air. A low moan arose from John. His fingers threaded through Sherlock's damp hair.
"Yes and no. The Celtic Circle really does meet next Friday, and Dave and Margret will be there. They may simply be using the festival to get me away from the clinic. It didn't work out last time. They invited me back home with them, but Mycroft came that night and I had to cancel. It would have been to risky to turn Mycroft away. He's like a bloodhound. Once you let him pick up a scent, he'll find everything."
Linda was ruminative. Her voice betrayed the fact that she didn't like going along with Sherlock's suggestion, that the plan worried her. She glanced over at John, who sat silently next to Sherlock at the conference table. He seemed to be lost in thought and was unusually quiet.
Dave made a gesture with his hand that clearly indicated John should leave the room. John closed the drawer with the personnel records and left the office together with Dave.
"Four people," he said, turning to Linda. "Four people have been murdered and we're barking up the wrong tree. Why? Linda, why?"
"It's... incredibly exciting, John," Sherlock whispered. His forehead touched John's, he licked John's cheek with his tongue. "And salty."
John felt his heart thudding inside him. Something was affecting him. Maybe this whole weird situation. He was kneeling in a chapel with Sherlock, praying together. So close, and not only in a physical sense. Memories. Ethan. He'd tell Sherlock. Later, when this was all over. Sherlock. Under the blanket, Sherlock put his arm around John's hip, drawing him closer, rested his forehead against the side of John's head. His breath wafted over John's face.
Sherlock lowered his eyes. Then he squeezed John's hand lightly and answered in a faint voice, "Yes, I want that. It will help me."
John inhaled. He was breathing. Understood that he was breathing. The air was warm and smelled familiar. Disinfectant.
He set the violin aside and took the soft microfibre cloth out of the violin case. He loosened the bow a little and wiped the rosin off the horsehair. Sometimes it helped to start from scratch with the friction. He didn't want to leave anything untried, even if he didn't set much hope in it. He was engaged in a virtual battle for the right sound. But the problem wasn't in the bow, he was sure of that. He didn't know where the problem lay.
It was quiet in the loft. Dull, dusky light diffused lazily through the panes of the windows set in the roof; the sky outside hung low, black-grey, rainy. John listened, trying to hear something from the round, pitch-black ritual room, taking special care not to cross in front of any of the slits, knowing that the brief interruption in the dim light would be immediately noticed inside the space. He heard voices, but couldn't understand the words. Martin's voice. Sherlock's voice. Thank God. They were talking, which meant they were alive. It sounded relaxed and muted, so there was no tension, no immediate danger. John wasn't sure what he should do. Was this a systemic ritual, the path through the archetypes like he'd gone through? Or what was happening in there? Did it also concern relationships and sexuality with Sherlock?
"I have more data stored about you than anything else," Sherlock added. He tried to smile. They were both crying.
John tried to stand up but he was so weak he couldn't manage it. He decided to remain prone for the time being and cautiously stretched out on the palette, listening to the darkness. There was a continual sound. A scraping, hissing and spitting. Was he in a waste incineration plant?
Slowly, Sherlock sought out his friend's eyes. He seemed to be returning from somewhere far away, seemed to have to make an effort to find the target of his gaze. John dug his fingers into Sherlock's arm.
Last call for the train. All aboard. John had closed his eyes for a moment, carefully extricated his sleeve from Sherlock's fingers, which still clung firmly to the cloth. One last look, then he'd hurried off.
Sherlock felt around in his parka and took out a key, held it out to John: "Fourth floor, first flat on the left. I'll join you later."
"We still have time before Constable Hartley picks us up. Why don't we take a stroll, Holmes, before driving over to Waugh's place."
When Sherlock fell silent, John added, more quietly, "You know that too, Sherlock. This isn't about him."
John was shocked at his own words. He'd stood up, his fists clenched, ready to leave. He was beside himself with rage. Full of hot, bubbling, bitter rage. Such strong emotions. Where had they come from? And why?
Not too many moments later, they were walking down the street to the hotel, close together, John with his suitcase. They didn't speak. It wasn't far to the Baer.
"Verena Wilmer's in the infirmary," Rose reported. "She apparently went to get something from her office and came to check on the emergency. But it looks like John has the situation under control."
Sherlock closed his eyes and the theme of his music inundated him, along with the realisation that John's absence had taken the rug out from under his feet, disordered his emotions and unsettled him. Their closeness became tangible with physical distance, and it hurt. The connection. The responsibility that went with it.
Sherlock was nonplussed. "I didn't know there was," he said. He said he'd taken for granted that John would agree with everything. Like he always did. John was the practical one, but Sherlock was the thinker and planner. Celine was thoughtful.
"Do not worry about making any escape plans. You won't have any need for that," Magnussen said calmly. "I would rather like to get my own back, you see. I have a present for you."
at the last second. He didn't know whether his login attempt would be registered somewhere and betray Mary.
"Just a second..." The sounds of typing in the background. "Your train leaves Geneva at 8:15 tonight. You'll be in Meiringen at 11:41. I'll pick you up."
"Yes, he did. The sheep were on the meadow right over there. He took the dog, then sent her back home."
John kissed his face, his eyes, his hairline, soft, warm breath, established a pace on his skin, in his hair, a pulse, a rhythm of tenderness. Slow. Intimate. A count in seconds. Time. Sherlock picked up the rhythm, internalised it, nestled close to John's body and felt the beat pulsing through both of them, filling them both. Sherlock took John's face in his hands and kissed him in the trance of that beat, sucked in John's lower lip, felt the beat throbbing in his loins. Sherlock allowed himself to be led by the rhythm as he ran his tongue down John's neck, licked his throat, his chin, his mouth, crowded in between John's lips, touched his tongue. Sherlock's head was full of the beat, sixteenth ligatures becoming faster and faster, flirting with the sixth, wild, chasing beyond it.
John closed his eyes. He felt dizzy. The profound exhaustion he felt scared him. Sherlock placed one hand on his shoulder. John gave in to the light nudge; their foreheads touched.
He was about to climb up onto the altar table when they both froze. A click, soft but clearly audible, echoed through the pitch-black church. Sherlock promptly switched off his torch. They both stood stock-still, listening to the darkness. A door. It must have been a door being pulled closed, somewhere in the space behind the choir screen.
John shuddered when he heard the voice. He clung to the sink, closed his eyes for a moment. Then he took a deep breath, straightened his back, and nodded to himself in the mirror. John. That was him. He'd waited for Sherlock for two and a half years. And 'ILUSH' left everything open to hope. More than he'd dared wish for. He pushed himself away from the sink and walked into the living room, his heart pounding.
"I pocketed it. Stean didn't ask about it. It was a fairly big stone. An octahedron. Bigger than any of the others I'd seen. I realised it was too conspicuous and broke it up into smaller pieces in our workshop. I coloured the pieces and asked Immaculata to mend the rosary with them."
Sherlock played with it, looked for more notes. The start of a theme. It opened up right away with the sixth, only to withdraw again, approaching the sixth again, light, hesitant, finally hit it after several playful tries, only to back away again, slowly, staggering drunkenly to the ground. As if everything had been fulfilled.
"Do you really want that, Sherlock?" he asked, gazing into the despondent, pale blue eyes. "It will mean confronting you with all of those painful issues again."
"Fake death, yes. I needed to go... away from you. You were in danger because of me. It never would have ended."
It took a long time before Sherlock looked up again, met John's gaze and said, his voice quavering, "This 'more' that you mentioned. Show me."
They stood there a long time, lost in thought, not speaking. They turned in different directions when it was time to go, John to the right, Sherlock to the left. They didn't let go of their hands, looked at each other in surprise. Sherlock didn't know exactly why he didn't want to go back, why he wanted to stay here, to keep walking amidst all the monuments, stony witnesses of the past. John let himself be dragged along. They strolled together between the graves, not speaking, found a bench in the older part of the cemetery and sat down in the shade of a beech tree.
Sherlock looked up, directing a bewildered yet amused look at John. "You were in the army," he said.
The emotions inundated John without him having any control over them. He couldn't articulate any of those things. He fought against tears. Sherlock's hand on his arm, gentle pressure, a caress, a touch. Warm fingers felt their way into his hand, slid between his, interlaced with them.
He'd decided not to tell John that he was going to fly to Sherrinford first thing in the morning. John would want to know why, and he'd want to come along. But Sherlock didn't know whether that might put him in danger or not. Anyway, it was better for John to assist the Yard during the search and be ready in case anything came in. Aside from that, John wasn't allowed to leave the city as long as he was under investigation for manslaughter. Mycroft had confirmed the flight for Sherlock and notified Sherrinford of his impending visit. He just had to wait until morning. There was nothing for him to do until then. Just lie here and wait. And sleep, if that was even possible.
They hadn't been able to question Stean Whitehead. The man was in shock and out of touch with reality. Sherlock had fumed about Lestrade not immediately summoning him to the scene. He'd pitched a fit, a regular fit. Sherlock was thin-skinned. Very thin-skinned.
Sherlock paced back and forth in front of the pinboard at the Yard. One of the legal assistants had brought in a handful of foil sheets. Spiders hanging from threads. Three different sizes. They could be applied to the skin very easily, then washed off again.
"Yeah, I'm afraid." And after a moment in which a timid smile snuck onto both men's faces, John asked: "When's the next session with Nora?"
A binder with court files. Phil had been sued three times because a patient had died either during or shortly after surgery. Acquitted every time. The first time – oh! The defense attorney had been Davide Perilli. Other solicitors for the remaining cases. Was that how they'd met?
A light breeze skittered across the lake, crinkling the surface and grazing John. The scent of water and sun-warmed vegetation. Then a brooding silence fell once again. The lake untouched. The sky blue. John closed his eyes for a moment, enjoying the merciless sun beating down on his body. He hadn't felt this since Afghanistan. The intense sensation of being in touch with himself. Being responsible for no one but himself. Being alone. At nature's mercy, and at the same time in full possession of his own strength. A buzzing sense of alertness. Clarity. Self-confidence and the knowledge that his decisions affected only him. Freedom. The cries of the jackdaws.
Sherlock had taken John along that morning to the CSIS offices, where they'd discussed the mission. Rose had been extremely reticent towards John. Maybe it was her old reservations towards her friend's husband, the father of Mary's child. Lestrade was all for John working with them again. He took on the task of pulling the HMP Holloway doctor out of circulation for two days.
"It's me, Martin," said Martin. "Come over here." Martin guided John, placed John's hand on Sherlock's shoulder, let his linger on top for a few seconds.
It was still completely dark the next time John woke up. He had no idea whether it was day or night. They'd taken his mobile, watch and wallet. He had no sense of time or space. He decided to explore the room. The wooden palette lay in one corner. Two walls at right angles. John felt along one of them, counting his steps, paying special attention to the floor. He didn't know whether there might be depressions or obstacles. But it was just a bare concrete floor. Concrete walls. He ran into a steel door somewhere. Hermetically sealed. He felt his way onward. Another concrete wall. Corner. Concrete wall. Eventually his palette again. The room was surprisingly big. Fifteen by twenty metres. At least. A large space. John hadn't run into any obstacles, but that didn't mean anything. There might also be a pit in the middle of the room. Maybe a machine. John felt his way through the room, concentrating, always aware of where his palette and the door were. He didn't find anything. Just the floor. Concrete.
"It's been almost twenty-four hours, no contact has been made by any blackmailers, and we have no sign of the kid," Lestrade pointed out. The concern was clear in his voice. "I'm going to initiate a large-scale search for Rosie Watson."
John took the computer off his friend's knees and set it on the coffee table with one hand as he grasped Sherlock's nervous fingers with his other one and sat down next to him. Warm, bony fingers allowed John to hold them steady and envelop them after a brief bout of resistance. A touch that Sherlock allowed.
"She's right," Sherlock continued after a while. "It's overwhelming and unsettling and I can't handle it."
"What do you know about Mary?" Sherlock asked sharply, without responding to Mycroft's expression of sympathy.
"No," Eurus said. "No, I had nothing to do with it." A long, intense look. Sherlock allowed it, allowed Eurus to scan him. "Give me the pictures and facts. I'll solve the case for you," she then said.
It was quiet in the kitchen again. John exhaled in relief, but he was still confused about the backstory, which was so completely not what he had expected.
"Your soul is open and free," Martin said. "Your spirit is vast and powerful. Your emotions are constricted and your body is blocked. What happened to your body, Sherlock? Remember."
Their gazes were still locked together. John knew what this situation meant. He was standing in front of Sherlock, naked and aroused, utterly at his mercy; whereas Sherlock was still properly clothed, sitting on the bed and assessing him. And yet it was Sherlock who wasn't sure what to do with the position of power he'd arranged for himself.
"Do you want that?" Sherlock whispered in John's ear, a hot stream of breath. Sherlock's hand in John's hair. "Do you want to sleep with me?"
Sometimes... sometimes I fancy he is returning home of an evening. His footsteps on the stairs. He hangs his hat and coat on the hooks behind the door, cheerful, unhurried. He enters the living room, approaching me and placing his hands on my shoulders from behind as I continue to peer down my microscope. Then he says, his voice affectionate and sweet, "Good evening, Holmes," and presses his face into my hair for a long moment. His breath warm. And I close my eyes and lean back against his body, lay my hand over his. Sometimes the dream continues for hours. Then I retire to my bed and apply my own hand to myself, seeking release, an escape from the pain for a short time, a self-deceit. Afterwards, I feel filthy and alone. I find myself more lonely than ever, and sometimes... sometimes I weep. Weep like a godforsaken, injured child. As if the emptiness could be filled with tears.
It had taken John. John had made it clear to him that people were much more focused on words than on actions. Words were more abstract and vaguer than any action, but verbal communication had unforeseen effects if you managed to forge that contact with another person. In that case, words were like magic. They set something in motion – in others and in oneself – and that motion and vibration could be directed and adjusted. Understanding could be brought about and verified. In those cases when the other person heard the words, perceived the vibrations and understood the resonance.
The orderly had withdrawn, and Dr Kenny sat down next to John, touched his shoulder lightly with her hand and asked gently, "Is this all right for you? Can you handle it?"
The Boons have taken down the storm windows, as all the farmers in the area do so that the house is well ventilated in summer. That makes it a simple matter to see and hear everything that occurs in the sitting room through the thin single panes. They are all sitting at the table – James Waugh, Alistair Boon, his wife, and his sister Pauline – holding a vigorous discussion.
"Something's wrong. It doesn't add up. There's something fishy about this Sister Magdalena. Why would she assist in two suicides, knowing it's irrational and a sin to boot? And where are the diamonds?" Sherlock was pacing back and forth in the cellar of the rectory while Lestrade's people searched the flat of the four nuns upstairs. Sherlock ruffled his hair. "Where does the diamond dust come from that we found mixed with the clay at the crime scene? The clay comes from the studio of that one nun who does pottery, we know that now. Both Stean and Sister Magdelena could have tracked it into the chapel. And our friend the priest who assisted us was also here to get candles and visited 'Sister Potter'. So far so good. But the diamond dust. Where does the diamond dust come from?"
John didn't hear the words or the shocked tone. He tossed the pad of paper carelessly onto the bed and got up, pacing back and forth. Incredulous, disappointed and hurt. He clenched his fists. It had been a mistake to come back here! To trust this man. He wanted to get away. Away! To flee. He looked at his suitcase. The single glance was enough to alarm Sherlock.
"What if Chen Mortimer really is Valerie's father?" John asked. "Beatty's divorced and lives with her brother. And as far as I recall, she did mention at some point that her daughter's father was a sailor."
"Quit whinging," Boon snaps at her. "It's all a bluff. I don't believe a single word of it. He can't have any evidence. Everyone's kept mum. And James is such a pathetic widower it makes everyone cry." Boon laughs, pounding Waugh approvingly on the shoulder.
We are sober as we emerge from the barley field. My smalls are sticky with my seed. Watson gathers up the blanket.
A mere whisper at his ear, a warm puff of air. Sherlock inhaled deeply. A faint tremor in the outgoing stream of air flowing gently across John's neck. Sherlock's smell. A warm, firm hand combing through his hair, powerful and inquisitive at the same time. Sherlock's heart beat hot against his back. A heavy, shaky sigh on his neck. Sherlock's blossoming arousal spread over John like a blanket of energy. A net laid over him, cautious and shy. A net that spoke to each and every one of his nerve cells, his skin, his whole body. A fine sheen of vibrating passion. So matter-of-fact. So familiar.
"Everything. As I said," Sherlock repeated condescendingly. Turning to Lestrade, he added: "John and I are going to have a look round the rectory."
He listened for a few seconds. His face drained of colour. His eyes found Sherlock's. The grey in them wide and unsteady. He was breathing fast. He listened absently to his phone, nodded.
They stared at each other. Sherlock teetering. He exhaled, took a few nervous steps back and forth, spinning on his own axis. Then he stopped directly in front of John.
She nods and starts to limp back to the sitting room, only to turn back to me once more and say, "Take an old woman's advice, young man. Don't touch the stuff."
John looked up at Sherlock. He was in no condition to make a decision right now. Sherlock saw that in his grey eyes. There was the child to think of too. The facts were still too new, the grief for Mary too present. An overload of undigested emotions.
"Variation 2 is particularly challenging. I'll need to have a look at it with Jonah and see how it can be played on a clarinet," John said, pulling the cloth through the barrel and rubbing it dry.
He'd hesitated with his answer for a fraction of a second. He spoke the words as if making fun. But his body had stiffened for a brief moment. He was startled. John felt it.
"Where are you, John? I've been trying to reach you all evening." Reproach and anxiety in Sherlock's tone.
A hint of lightheartedness. They smiled at each other. Their affectionate kiss was interrupted by a knock. Someone was at the door to the flat. Sherlock called out something in Russian. A male voice answered. Sherlock got up. He put on his pants and opened the door, just a crack, exchanged a few words with the man outside.
Just as he'd been disappointed by the Celtic Circle's website. There wasn't much information. An introduction describing the cultural heritage of the Celts, an overview of historical finds, a description of the best-known cultic sites, a few paragraphs and pictures of solstice celebrations, including the festival of the first cutting:
John said simply, "It was a long time ago." He didn't say what he hadn't known until the last twenty-four hours. That the driver had been under orders from one of the secret services and disappeared after completing his assignment, the investigation blocked from the top, the press misled, Sherlock called back.
The morning air drifted over them. Sherlock lifted his hand and touched John's lips, ran his fingers inquisitively down John's neck. His pulse was racing. John's skin was hot and soft and damp. The curve of his collarbone, ribs, nipples. John moaned softly when Sherlock touched them, tested how hard they were, surprised by the lust chasing through both of them.
John went to the upper room, put on waterproof clothing and his hiking shoes, stuffed his passport, papers, and wallet into the pocket of his jacket. He tossed the rest of his clothes into the fire. Sparks flew out at him when he opened the door. Flames licked hungrily at the textiles, sending out hissing tongues that gobbled up the material immediately. John left the stove door open. He left the hut without a bag. The stove spat hot coals out into the room. John simply walked away.
Yes! It was working! Excellent! John had to rein himself in so as not to agree too quickly or too happily. He pretended to think about it, searched Sherlock's eyes as they clung to his, fearful and pleading.
"From his doctoral advisor, Jonathan Salisbury. Phil's father. There's a suggestion from Anonymous 3 on
"When your husband brought his own sheep to be sheared four days ago, did he take the dog to round them up?"
"Such as? I would be quite grateful to you, Doctor, if you would assist me with your medical expertise."
Sherlock was quivering with anticipation. All of his senses were focused on John. John's breaths were irregular. Sherlock noticed the unusual vibrations in the rhythm of his respiration, the rapid heartbeat. He didn't know if it was his or John's. A wave of heat rolled over him. Restlessness. Shivers. Motion. The rocking of the mattress. John turned over, turned toward him. A deep, shaky breath.
John took a look around. The sanctuary here was also quite plain and unadorned. The same three stone steps as in the main church. To the left, a shallow, black dish sat on the floor, filled with white sand into which several candles had been inserted. A lone icon hung on one wall. It depicted two young men in Roman military garb. They stood side by side, looking out at the observer with calm, resolute gazes. They were so close that their halos intersected. One of them held a spear, while the other leaned on a sword. Between the folds of their garments, they were holding hands. John stared at the image, nonplussed: at the hands of the two saints, which were intertwined firmly and unselfconsciously. It was a modern depiction; in the style of old-fashioned icons, but the rendition was bold and colourful, the two saints clearly identifiable as modern-day men. The caption under the picture read: 'St Sergius and St Bacchus'.
Thus we stand: two naked men. Ready to shut out the world. Ready to disregard all of its rules. Ready to allow whatever comes. The stillness of the chamber between us in the dusky light. Nothing but our breathing. All hell outside. Raging, stomping, booming. Lighting flashes across our bare skin. Thunder makes us deaf to anything there might be outside. Rain and hail create a roaring cave for us.
A ripple of astonishment and uncertainty flickered through Sherlock's pale eyes. They held each other's gaze, not speaking. Sherlock didn't answer for a long time. Finally, he said, "I thought we were a team."
Stean Whitehead sat forlornly on the chair in the interrogation room. He had his hands folded on the table in front of him, his head lowered, his eyes closed. He was deathly pale. His black hair hung over his face in dull strands. Now, in jeans and a t-shirt, and with the weathered leather jacket draped over the back of the chair, he looked like any other young man. The chain around his neck with the crucifix on it was the only thing that indicated he was associated with the church.
"Sergius and Bacchus," Sherlock said impassively. "The names are on there. Some saints or other to whom the chapel is dedicated. Why?"
Afterwards, we lie beside each other, gazing into each other's eyes. John's grey eyes are deep and black. His breath brushes my mouth. I know that it is not enough for him when we come together this way. It is not enough for me either. John brought along the little pot of Vaseline, but our bodies were too greedy to allow us the time needed for that. And we do not have any place to take that time. Now that my body has ceased its demands, I feel a pain inside me, along with regret that we are always in such a rush. That we must constantly flee and adapt to circumstances. That we have attacked each other with our starved bodies in a barley field at night.
"There's no better alibi," said Rose, "than not being recognised in an environment in which everyone knows you. Different clothes, a wig, change your voice or don't speak at all. That would be enough. Plus they were all under a great deal of stress."
She tidied the glasses away on the shelf and started drawing the fifth ale that had been ordered. She kept working without ever showing any sign of being under stress. One motion slid seamlessly and harmoniously into the next. John admired Maggie for that, admired her calmness and serenity.
"That will suffice for the time being." Then to Sherlock: "I'll need some information from you along with your contact data. I'll need to be able to reach you."
Sherlock walked around the building to the official entrance. The night watchman greeted him. "Your brother's already left the building, Mr Holmes."
There are things I cannot conceal from him. The fact that I am sitting beside him in the warm grass, watching him, as the fingers of my left hand absently pluck at the blades and my thoughts wander uncontrollably down sinful paths. The fact that the mere sight of him, together with my thoughts, suffices to cause my prick to swell. He opens his eyes and looks at me.
"The deepest love, called the Princess, can be found in the dark," he'd told them. "It is the hero's journey into the pit, where he conquers the dragon and sets the royal bride free. We conquer our egotistical selves and set love free in the darkness of surrender. All of the old legends tell this tale."
"He asked me for help. Gerome knows all about it. He's supposed to do everything in his power to provide us with what we need to solve the case."
Watson looks up. He is grave, his eyes study me. Then he sets his spoon down beside his plate and says, his voice heavy and doleful, "I was going to go back to London today, Holmes."
Sherlock felt dismay and helplessness rush through him like a wave of physical weakness. He leaned hard against the door frame and tried to breathe. Tried to remain standing. Tried to accept what John had said. To hear it and understand it. Fully. Not just with his head. He tried to look at John as he did so. To meet John's eyes and allow him to see Sherlock's naked emotions. And his fear of them.
Back at the flat, Sherlock showered first, then John. The day weighed heavily on both of them. They washed it off their bodies: the ritual, the attack on Martin, the uncertainty, the lack of a conclusive motive, the unsolvable nature of the crime. The exhaustion. Sherlock was in bed when John emerged from the shower, watched his friend as John draped his clothes over the chair.
"It says in the report that the poison was very fast-acting. All of the victims had eaten or drunk something shortly beforehand. Tea, a sandwich, whiskey. The police didn't get any further. It could have been anyone who was at the club on those nights. Right?"
John looked up in surprise. Sherlock sat there, absentminded, turning his glass pensively where he'd set it on the armrest of his chair. He was fingering the smooth material, the tendons playing in his hand. He rested there as if poured into his chair, soft and relaxed, his hair tousled from the unaccustomed day's work. The light of the fire danced on his face. It was one of those moments in which John knew he loved this man. More than he would ever comprehend.
John looked into the pale eyes. "Friendship is one thing, Sherlock. I'm not talking about friendship. That will keep. But what we've started between us is different. I want to let it happen, you know. I want to have it with you."
"I'll ask John about the mission. Give me until tomorrow," Sherlock said evasively. "Something else..." He tapped his index finger on the name 'Magnussen' where it hung on the wall. "What do the Magnussen brothers have to do with all this, and what precisely was triggered by the video message?"
John remained adamant. He was determined not to spare Sherlock all the consequences of this step he'd wanted to take. Sherlock had insisted on tying the sacred knot. John wasn't willing to play games. He wasn't willing to excuse Sherlock from the necessity of going through with these preparations.
"Gordon?" John asked. Then he froze. His eyes locked on Sherlock's. "Or Martin?" he asked, startled.
John thought about the object he'd packed as a last-minute impulse. It scared him. It felt like a lead-in to saying good-bye.
"You were supposed to marry James Waugh four and a half years ago, following the death of his first wife. Why didn't you?"
Sherlock seemed to be fishing for words. When he didn't say anything, Dave continued: "You were undercover here to investigate for a case."
At some point John had folded up the plush rug that lay in front of the armchair in the reading corner to create a makeshift mattress, wrapped himself in the woollen blanket, and gone to sleep. He had an early morning shift. He needed to sleep. He had no idea when Sherlock had gone to bed. He only had a single memory of that night. He couldn't quite place it, but he'd woken up sometime to a whisper. John? A hand running through his hair. Breath on his neck, arms around his body. Warmth at his back. It seeped through the blanket to him. Sherlock? Had Sherlock lain down with him, just for a few minutes, taken him in his arms, held him? A profound feeling of happiness. But John wasn't sure. He'd fallen back asleep right away. Sherlock was in his bed in the morning. John had sat down next to him for a moment and watched him, touched his pale cheek with his fingers. Then he'd gone to work.
John nodded and held the book out to him. Sherlock took it reverently, turned it over in his hands. It was warm from John's hands. He couldn't help it then: he hugged John, pulled him in, burrowed close to this extraordinary, strong man who put things in order with such incomprehensible aplomb.
John set out in the darkness. He didn't stand up. He felt his way across the soft cork floor on all fours, moving in the direction he felt the other two men in, towards the centre of the room. He reached out and touched a hand.
"Your sister is very like you," John replied. "Elizabeth – the woman on the bus – was mysterious and challenging. She approached me directly and won me over just like that. Like you did. Back then."
Sherlock removed the boiling water from the burner to let it cool off a bit before he poured it over the tea leaves.
I do not know whether I knew it before, whether I suspected it or was even waiting for it. Three days after our last night together, the telegram arrived with the news that the body of Dr John H. Watson had been found. He had shot himself in the wintry forest with his army revolver. I fell into a state of shock when I realised he was gone. Gone forever. That it would never again be possible to gaze into those beautiful, familiar eyes; to embrace him.
John pulled his jacket closer. He was cold. He took a few steps down the trail. It led around the property. A path through all four points of the compass. A circle, no border. At least not one he could see. Strange. The path led through the fields, which were clearly being worked. There was no park here, no garden. This was pasture and farmland. The forest to the west. It shimmered blue in the evening light. John turned around and went back. It was starting to get dark. His watch said it was shortly before six. Phil was probably waiting for him.
"The access information for my inmate account. Use it to send an email to the address there, then call our IT man. The number's there too. He'll tell you what you need to do so he can get into the network."
"I can't deny them because YOU can't. Because they're part of you. And because I'm part of you too. I can't deny YOU, John."
John tried to reach Seal, but he couldn't get him either. It was just past noon. Damn it! Sherlock was going to be setting out soon and John couldn't get away. He was agitated. He'd left his friend asleep in the early morning hours to go to the hospital. Sherlock had slept in his bed, fitfully, but at least he'd slept. The night had been short enough. For John as well. He'd tried unsuccessfully to talk Sherlock out of the ritual. But Sherlock had dismissed it as inconsequential, seeing it as an opportunity to gather information on Martin. The fact that Martin had recognised him preoccupied him far more than any rituals. He hadn't been able to figure out how, or deduce it, and that wouldn't give him any peace. Sherlock had paced nervously around the small flat.
"Now turn very slowly in a circle and feel which direction holds the greatest power," Martin said. "I'll come closer and guide you as you turn."
"The prosecutor is scared of going toe to toe with the church," Sherlock scoffed. "His wife's cousin is a bishop. He might even be a member of Chaeronea and committing sodomy with a man. A scandal for the church!"
John shook his head. He tugged Sherlock close, carefully, drew him into an embrace. After a moment of recalcitrance, Sherlock gave in, hugged John, held onto him for several long seconds. John closed his eyes, breathing in Sherlock's scent. They couldn't lose this. Their newfound closeness. They couldn't forget it. Never again. Sherlock's hand combed through his hair. A soft sigh against his neck. The hot wisp of Sherlock's breath. Then Sherlock pulled away from him, slowly. A long, tender look. A silent agreement. Commitment. They couldn't forget that either. Never again. This intimacy. This happiness. In spite of any killers. In spite of any grief for Martin.
Sherlock pressed his fist against his forehead. He needed to draw a firm line between what they were doing here and what happened between them in private. He couldn't get the two mixed up. Two sides of the same coin. Heads and tails. Tails was fate. Now it was heads. Levelheadedness, calculation. Work. Thinking. Acting.
Mycroft took an audible breath. "I won't be put in a position where I'm between a rock and a hard place, Dr Watson," he said forbiddingly.
But Sherlock had already moved on to the next thought. "She's a medical doctor," he said. "Is she working?"
John turned onto his side and took Sherlock's face in his hands, still hot and fever-marked. He took it in his hands and kissed the wet, open lips deeply, enjoyed the way Sherlock returned those kisses so passionately. They slotted their legs together again, drew their damp, sticky bodies close together the way Nora had shown them, looked into each other's eyes. The blue of Sherlock's was deep and beautiful and glowed with a light that moved John profoundly.
Martin put both of his hands on their backs, one on Sherlock's and one on John's, drew a burning trail down to the smalls of their backs, let his hands rest there. Heat welled up in John's body. A strong heat that spread like wildfire, releasing the tension with a faint throbbing. It was extremely pleasant and liberating. Like an orgasm. John immediately thought of an orgasm, the feeling was that similar. Just much milder, more internal, more integrated. Much warmer and longer lasting. As if he were dreaming a gentle orgasm right through his entire being. As if it were going on everywhere inside him. A pulsating warmth ending in a deep, profoundly satisfying happiness. Sherlock's embrace became mellow and tender. They both relaxed. They were so close, and it felt so natural, that John couldn't understand why they hadn't become a couple long ago. Maybe, he thought … maybe they were. Had been for a long time now.
"I am," he said. "I am, Sherlock." Then, a few seconds later: "Can I ask you something? Something personal? It's been niggling at me for a while. The thing with Janine. She portrayed you as an insatiable sex fiend. The gossip rags were full of all those kinky stories."
Click. Mycroft had hung up. John promptly deleted the call and the number from the phone's memory. He was satisfied. Mycroft had reacted calmly, and they were safe here, to all appearances. Mycroft obviously knew the clinic, knew what had happened, knew Andrej, was probably better informed about his condition than John was. Mycroft had a hand in the game. John was certain of that. And for some reason, that was comforting. His brother-in-law. King of the intelligence agencies. John smiled.
"Sergej will forgive you," John said, reflective, "and so will I. But I'm going to need some time, Sherlock."
"It's MY problem," he said, harsh and angry, making an effort not to shout. "And I've solved it. I've left him!"
Sherlock clung to John's arm. He'd clung to John's arm throughout the entire flight on the rear seat of the helicopter. And John had held him; he still held him now. Held him upright. Kept him on his feet. Sherlock swayed. A wispy fog surrounded him. It penetrated his sensory organs, numbing them. He wasn't sure whether this was even real. John was the only thing, his contact with John. Sherlock felt the heat and movement of John's body, smelled his perspiration, heard his voice. John was here; he was real. Sherlock recognised John, could perceive him with all of his senses and was certain of it. All the other facts drifted around the room like a cloud, remaining elusive.
"Yeah," John said in a low voice. Shaky breath in Sherlock's ear. Sherlock closed his eyes, felt his hand trembling, tried to hold the phone still. John's unease was palpable. The fierce battle he was fighting.
"You didn't need to do anything more than make sure one of the Optineuro bottles contained a poisoned capsule, and that Callum took that bottle. That was easy enough: Callum always asked a colleague to get the capsules for him, and she would leave it on top of his drug cabinet in the lab. Callum always came on Thursdays. Nothing simpler than to wait until it was that time again and switch out the bottle. You had plenty of opportunity. What you didn't know was that Callum wasn't taking those pills himself. He was getting them for Martin Combs."
Dismay rolled over John like a heavy road roller. He felt the blood drain from his head, closed his eyes, fought against the dizziness, clung to the table, struggled for balance. Sherlock watched his friend closely.
When Sherlock woke up, he needed a moment to orientate himself. He was lying on the couch, it was dark, and the phone in his hand was chiming and vibrating. John. Nearly midnight. A call. Sherlock hesitated when he remembered that he'd sent John a text confessing his love. Talk to John now? What should he say? How would John react? Damn it! He was in over his head with this one. He waited so long that the call was redirected to voice mail. Too late.
"There was a time back in Afghanistan when he was what you might call my best friend," John admitted cautiously, "but all that's been over and done with for a long time now. A new life started for me when I met you, Sherlock."
"Here." John reached into one of the folders and took out a photograph. A long, thin thread coming out of the hair at the back of the person's neck, descending between the shoulder blades, where a tiny spider hung with its head pointing downward. It was lowering itself on the thread. Was that the message?
Sherlock stopped, confused. John's fingers brushed Sherlock's t-shirt and he seemed to be dazed and bewildered as he said, "That's what you are for me too, Sherlock."
Too much euphoria? Sherlock contemplated the golden liquid in his glass. He was flying to Sherrinford tomorrow. Eurus. He'd wanted to practise the Brahms violin sonata. It was only written for one violin, but Eurus improvised the second part. A different one every time. He'd intended to practise, but he simply hadn't felt like it. For the first time in weeks, he'd been calm enough to enjoy a drink and poured himself a whisky.
Sherlock spoke into John's ear: "How much longer does this go?" It was more a hiss than a whisper. "We're wasting our time here. Come on. Let's go."
John had dreamed of that. A combination of astonishment and fear. He had been unsettled by the fact that Sherlock was writing in Russian, and that he'd had no idea about it. So many years of living together, and he hadn't known that Sherlock could communicate in Russian. It had shocked him. And that hint of mistrust. Burbling up like a dark cloud out of the depths of his subconscious. Who was Sherlock? Had he fallen for him the way he had for Mary, a secret agent with multiple kills on her record, and he simply hadn't noticed anything? He'd married her and not even known her name. Had he spent his life – nearly his entire life by now – with a man he didn't know?
There was no reproach in his tone. Mycroft stared at him. They were all three old men. They were also all three smart enough to know that everything had to end sometime. But all of that lurked unspoken in the background.
"You're looking at the personnel records," Dave said icily. "The ones fot the patients are over here."
A massive steel door. A man trap to assure single-person access. Beyond that the second of three checkpoints. The security people here knew him already, knew the bag contained his violin case and that the violin was in the case. Nothing else. No weapons, no drugs, no communication devices. Sherlock passed the bag through the opening in the bullet-proof panel, where one of the security officers took it and unpacked it under Sherlock's watchful eye while a second one kept an eye on the visitor. It was the same every time. Then the body scan. Sherlock had never had anything suspicious on him, but he went through the procedure every time, unresisting. He avoided doing anything that might have caused problems, and understood – after everything that had happened – that they kept a tight control over anyone going in or out of here.
Molly nodded, put down her dissection instruments, took off her Latex gloves, and tossed them into the bin next to the dissecting table. "This way." She walked ahead of him, over to the room where the bodies were stored. "Why are you here alone? Where's John?" she asked as she opened one of the cold chambers and checked the label on the toe of the corpse.
It was winter, and accordingly dark, and the O'Gradys had only caused a small number of candles to be lit in the banquet hall, in order to provide a festive atmosphere. I had turned to the mathematician. Perhaps that is the reason why I did not see him until the meal was underway. He sat on the opposite side of the long table, only a couple of metres away from me. He looked tired and drawn. Pale. His hair unkempt and dull. His eyes were reddened and the smile he made an effort to bestow on the lady beside him came across pained. He looked ill and maltreated. It was Dr John Watson. He seemed to have aged several years. Mary had not accompanied him.
Sherlock had fired up the stove and made hot water, brewed tea in an old, dented iron pot. Herbal tea. They sat at the table in the kitchen, drank out of grubby mugs. John unpacked his backpack. Mobile phone, nut pie.
"I was shearing sheep all day and came home late. The children were in bed when I got in. I thought the wife was already asleep," he says and starts to weep afresh, likely as he recalls that his wife had already been submerged in the cesspool for hours by that time.
