"What am I..?" John asked lost, motioning to the body. He didn't understand why he had to be here. Maybe Sherlock wanted him to be the next victim, lure out the killer or something. Like a sacrifice. He'd freeze to death then be offered up to the killer on a silver platter. Or if that took too long maybe they'd kill him as well. That'd be nice. Anything for more sleep and warmth.
Sherlock melted and so did John, they must have been one. Sherlock thought as they rested together not an inch between them, at some point in time they were one being, separated in time and priced together now. He had never felt so complete, so utterly perfect and it overflowed and surrounded them and he couldn't let go.
Sherlock was just a ball of energy apparently. He wouldn't shut up and John just wanted to go to sleep. Apparently that was too much to ask.
Strong, brave John reduced to a crying child on his bed all because Sherlock failed to keep him safe. He’d failed again, to keep him here with him. He was the only one John knew and attached himself to, he couldn’t stay with Mycroft it was going to be terrible for him. He couldn’t keep John safe any longer.
“Sooo.. you want to play a game?”
Laugh.
“We do not get on, anyhow they have decided to spend their Christmas in America and I have no intentions of following.”
It was wrong, it was terribly wrong but he had taken Johns dogtags as his totem. He held it steady over his hand and swung it, in his dream state the dogtags swung forever, they would never cease motion in his mind.
“You should come here, to tell me the rest and see him.”
"It's no problem." Sherlock said offhandedly to Lestrade then focusing back on John, switching back into detective mode. "I will be, and will find out what happened guaranteed."
It was light outside now, the sun having just come up in the early hours. It lit the whole rehabilitation park in the back of the hospital, bringing- quite literally -a new light to the crime scene.
His voice faded from Sherlock’s awareness as he head both he and Molly gasp in shock. He leaned back closing his eyes against the- what seems to be -incoming anxiety. He was completely shocked and had no idea what he has going to do with Johnathan Watson at the same school as he was attending. Small world indeed.
"Because I'll figure it out myself and won't let you go." He promised lifting his hand to his mouth and lightly kissed at the scars there. John throws his arms around Sherlock happily and Sherlock wraps his own around John's waist.
"Texting Lestrade the address as well, you can't expect him to just show up there without an address." For some reason John suddenly feels like he was entirely left out.
“You can just send me the file-“
“Why? Are you planning something John?” Sherlock says cheekily grinning and pulling John over to the bed suggestively though it’s more silly than serious.
His eyes were so adjusted to the dark grays of the room he could see his vision going patchy. Blotches of dark slowly crawling up around him, if he hadn’t been feeling claustrophobic before this he certainly was now. A new wave of panic rolled over him, adrenaline bursts pushing back the dark momentarily.
Mycroft would be attending the same school as he was just for one year as he already had the four years before that. He had chosen to stay for an unidentifiable amour if time to get all kinds of crappy government courses and next year he’d be going home. That goodness he didn’t have to be there for that, Mycroft was insufferable on his best days.
Mycroft and Lestrade come to sit across from him as he pulls himself out of his head. Sherlock hesitates not entirely sure of what to say he clears his throat.
The man suddenly snaps his eyes open and the happiness in them rips John apart inside and suddenly he feels the need to cry. He quickly placed his feet to the floor and moves forward in his chair. The man with curly black hair and eyes John can only describe as twilight, squeezes their hands together and places his lips upon John's hand that’s on top. He lays his head against John’s hip breathing him in.
"I'm guessing you're putting yourself in that category." John smiles cheekily at Sherlock.
“How to handle knives.”
With some reluctance John sat up on the edge of the bed and scrubbed at his face. John looked down at his hands with a sigh and made to get up. Before he did, he noticed his hands seemed -odd as it sounds- significantly smaller. John ignored it as he ventured to the bathroom.
He was in the process of destroying the failed experiment, when on a whim, he ran the mostly blown results into his laptop. It would take awhile to run through most likely but perhaps something had clicked. Maybe the explosion was just what he needed, maybe it would come back that it was positive, that he’d done it, that he’d found a cure. That he’d get John back.
Sherlock wishes he had John.
Sherlock had woken him up before the sun had even risen and whisked him off to the crime scene not even bothering to let him get a cup of coffee. So there he stood with four or so other officers drinking slushy, crappy coffee out of a paper cup in the freezing hours of the morning.
“Just something to think about.” Sherlock shrugged sitting down across from John.
“Thank you, for opening your window for me yesterday, it helped.”
"Absolutely." They both giggled like school girls about it for awhile. It was extremely childish but neither could find it in them to care too high on happiness.
He sat slowly back down onto the bumper and checked over his shoulder to where Greg was laying inside the ambulance, busy paramedics working over his prone body. He should be focusing on him, yes but Sherlock was still out there. He wasn’t safe.
"Where would you want take me?"
Sherlock stopped suddenly, met with a door that wouldn’t open, the only one he had encountered that wouldn’t budge to his wishes. He paused in his pursuit to get into the room, after a few good pushes and finding the door not moving at all and looked around the large room. It was open with high ceilings, he only realized now the lights were slowly coming to life shedding some light on the various amounts of equipment inside.
"It wouldn't have mattered Sherlock. It was already too late when I let him into the band." John says softly as he leans back into the sofa and looks into Sherlock's eyes. "It doesn't matter much though."
“Nope, if we’re doing this it’s under my terms. Got it?” Sherlock continued glaring.
“This is really good, though I think I’d switch this note here.” Sherlock says pointing out a note he thought would be better changed and they got started. He forgot about his conversation with Molly as they started working on this project.
John lay in bed drowsily rubbing his eyes in the early morning. John rolled onto his back throwing the covers off of him. It was late March and the heat was rolling in as well as the rain and it made a mix of unfortunate humidity.
Ahh finally I'm back! The whole time I was supposed to be taking a break I was thinking of story lines and plots for future chapters! Hope you enjoyed this long delayed chapter.
He was woken by the sound of something hitting the floor without even opening his eye Sherlock could tell it was a metal platter hitting the linoleum. Sherlock shifted slightly hearing the door open and close softly he opened his eyes slightly to make out Johns blurry figure walking away. Figuring he'd check the noise then be back Sherlock readjusted himself then tried to go back to sleep.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Speak up.” She pushes his arm lightly trying to hear what he’s saying.
"Yes, of course. I'm so sorry about her. She's the worst, I'll get rid of her then we can talk." John rushed from the room to extract his sister from Molly. He came back five or so minutes later thankfully Harriet Watson free, but also Molly free.
The ache.
“Shewock?” John says looking up at Sherlock and crawling closer to him. Sherlock shakes his head slightly to disband his thoughts and takes John’s hands to steady him as he stands. He needs to stop thinking of the past and focus on John here and now.
“Ah, Anderson yes just the man I was looking for.” He walked quickly towards him eyes still locked on his pocket.
"Sherlock, you are to stay here. I hear any talk that you even attempted to leave this room and you'll be strapped to the wall." The tall man lectured the younger one on the bed. The younger just recently came in screaming of things no-one could make out.
“Why would you put that in your mouth? It could be poisonous. You’re such an idiot.” John huffed exasperatedly, forcefully wiping off Sherlocks hand on his shirt.
“Yes but I won’t tell anyone, I promise. Please Sherlock, tell me. I’m dying to know!” Molly begs clasping her hands and trying to make him tell her with the puppy dog eyes that John had done.
John chuckles even when Sherlock leaves he smiles to himself softly. Things really had changed, for better or for worse, he didn’t know yet but so far it has been the latter.
"Sherlock.. are you okay?" John asked hesitantly as he walked into Sherlock's room. Sherlock was laid upon his bed palms together hands at his lips completely ignoring him.
The next morning he got up, early before the sun rose to avoid being caught by Mycroft and left alone to find Sherlock. Well not alone exactly, he had his lingering memory of Sherlock following him around like a dark ghost reminding him of what he’d lost in the first place.
"Reckless and stupid is what it was." Sherlock said putantly with a small smile forming. He stopped quickly so he wouldn't run into John and tried to conceal his smile.
“Where are we going anyway?” John asked also looking around to see what he was searching for. Deeming it a lost cause he looked back up to Sherlock.
“D-Don’t.” Sherlock stuttered out as he saw the shine of his knife in the dim hallway the pain sparking up his entire being as he tried to move. To keep John safe. To protect him at all costs.
“Sebastian..” John whispered unable to look away from the sight in front of his eyes. It didn’t make any sense and his head was in a whirlwind.
Sherlock was supposed to be right next to him, they were supposed to be in their new life together at 221B Baker Street. Start anew. Away from hospitals, doctors and nurses, he was supposed to be happy and have a family with his Dad and his lover- boyfriend. That was how it was supposed to be but now John had wrapped them all up in his own issues, loved them and hurt them. He didn't even know if Sherlock was-
"Stop lying to me." Molly deadpanned with a glare.
“This is so great! Who is he, do I know him?” She shoots off questions sitting beside him trying not to scream in pure happiness for Sherlock.
"What? No, no! N-nothing at all." John stuttered embarrassed and quickly put down the fork then got up to take the plate to the kitchen. "I'll just- you two can.. yeah." John said awkwardly retreating to the kitchen.
“Go away.”
Sherlock turned John back to face Greg, taking his wrists and placing John's hands on Greg’s arms turning his body to the right position. “Bend your knees and pull, I know you can do it.”
“You went off alone, we were looking for you.” Sherlock defended himself following John over.
It didn’t last long.
“Mycroft.” Lestrade replies mimicking the tone and Sherlock rolls his eyes and sighs dramatically.
“You need to calm down even if we do meet him if your freaking out like this he won’t want to talk to you.” That shut her up really fast. “So your good now?”
So Molly, Sherlock and John camped in his room eating everything in both their fridges they could. Well John and Molly did Sherlock hardly touched anything unless John handed it to him. Molly teased him when John left calling him lover boy.
“I read your emails when I’m bored but that doesn’t matter, go on open it.” Sherlock said sitting back down in his chair waiting for John to open his gift.
A thoughtful expression passed over Moriarty’s face and Sherlock couldn't figure out what it was he had just come up with but he knew he wasn't going to like it. “Oh, silly me. Let’s not waste your pitiful life now, I’ll make use of you yet.”
"How do you mean?" John asks absentmindedly not really paying attention to the conversation as he starts cutting the carrots. He wonders if he could pull Sherlock out of the house forcefully or if Sherlock was stronger.
“Successful?” Sherlock asks swinging his legs off the couch and standing swiftly his eyes already trained on the doorway that led to John.
“No you right I’m sure it’s nothing. Just becoming more human, may be a good thing.”
Sherlock turned to her with a 'are you serious' look as well as a raised eyebrow. She used her puppy dog face and John joined in.
"A what?" He asked entirely lost.
He stepped around a few piles of rubble and into the shell, he covered his mouth and nose with his sleeve as dust assaulted him from years of unsettlement. In the center of the small broken area lay a pristine white pedestal in stark contrast to the junk yard around it. The light seemed to illuminate it in an almost heavenly way that churned Sherlock’s stomach as he stared at what it held.
John’s eyes were probably the most compelling part about him, their color a deep sea blue with a hint of silver making them shine in the city lights. They pull you into him, a multitude of emotions just over the horizon of his eyes.
“Who is he?” Sherlock asked taking a step closer to the photos to examine them closer.
“Are you sure sir? You won’t be allowed any once you get back to your room-“
John swallows past the sudden lump in his throat, he's so angry but also ashamed and terrified. He knew he had to tell Sherlock he just didn't know if he could, or if it would help.
"Absolutely. It was extraordinary. The police have been on that case for years and you just cracked it open in less than an hour." John replied in admiration.
The room was empty he figured out after making his way around the edges only to find one single chair in the middle. The doors locked and he had no way out.
John got Greg out of the room but still he refused to move, whatever was in the air knocking him out completely.
The only breaks he had were to make meals for his partner, he couldn’t much manage anything himself but otherwise he was working. John relatively entertained himself, playing with things he found or watching Sherlock work, whether that be silently or vocally.
When he turned he saw Molly standing in front of him, concern still on her face. She was wearing those tiny ripped shorts and tank top that should’ve been thrown away ages ago and had makeup caked on her face. He didn’t know if he could bare to but looked to John.
“Oh, aren't they sweet! Sherlock seemed much the same, though he doesn't talk much. You could tell though, his eyes always give him away.” Martha said giddy.
One slicing it’s way down Sherlock’s back before hitting the floor, another hitting his arm and as he starts to fall forward the last stabbing into his leg as he hits the ground. There was no scream, there was no cry, Sherlock didn’t make a sound but his body hitting the floor heavily. A thump as the ringing echoed throughout the space and the great hero fell.
The pain.
He lets his head roll to the side to see who is holding his hand in a vice grip and finds a man with a lean frame and black curly hair sitting in a chair by his side. The man is staring out the window beside him and the way the light bounces off his face makes his pale skin look almost translucent, beautifully so. The man turns towards him when he shifted slightly and John was surprised to see how gorgeous his eyes were. They were blue and green yet had a hint of almost gold that glinted in the moonlight from the window.
Sherlock has taken to simply avoiding Molly to the best of his abilities until John can come explain it to her. He had no idea how to do this, how to break it to her gently and he didn’t want to hurt her.
John on the other hand, he was running around after anyone he could get to talk to him to fill the space in his heart. He liked Sherlock and it was ripping him to pieces so he tried to get other people to fix him.
"I really have to spell it out don't I? Do you fancy him?" Molly says slow and precise like she was talking to a toddler.
“I’m so sorry, I’m sorry.” John whispered roughly as his throat closes his up not wanting to believe the sight in front of him. His hands hovering over his body uselessly in shock not able to comprehend.
Oh god. Was he her boyfriend? While he would be thrilled for her he’d be crushed, completely and utterly crushed. He wouldn’t be able to say anything against it just play along as if it’s fine. He could picture it all in his head. Going to their wedding probably being forced to be best man and make a speech and suffer to make her happy. He’d be the first to hear of her pregnancy then had to be there for the birth. Babysit while Johns on tour. Help host events, parties and fall into a deep dark pit of loneliness and boredom and constant state of hatred and envy at his best friend.
That or she may be dying of shock.
“I was busy.” Sherlock replies his smile only growing at how John couldn’t pronounce his words correctly simply raising the cuteness level. Maybe he didn’t have to correct him, he was too cute to.
“No, it’s alright.” Sherlock looked up into John’s eyes as he spoke, as if willing him to remember. “You’re Dr John Hamish Watson, a brilliant army doctor recently invalided home with an honorable discharge after being shot in the left shoulder. Now, your my flatmate and a GP at a local clinic, we solve cases together and you blog about them. I shoot at the walls and put body parts around the kitchen to bother when I’m bored because I just want your attention. I follow you when you leave the flat because I’m afraid you won’t come back, but you always do. I don’t know why but you stick around and I’m so incredibly happy every time you do because you’re my best friend, John.” Sherlock’s voice cuts off at the last statement as he chokes on emotion. Sherlock rests his head on John’s knees hiding his face as his body shakes with quiet sobs.
"It's an interesting case, intriguing really. From what I make of it we have an artist at work."
"Always." He replied like every time before.
"I don't know, I'm sure there are lots of things you want to change." John says sighing quietly and leaning his head back against the couch.
Mycroft's annoying face greeted him, he could think of better things to wake up to. Although it was somewhat odd to see him so disheveled from a night stayed at the hospital, clearly to watch over him. It was touching in an appalling sort of way.
“Alright, but you’ll owe me for this one, I’m very busy.”
“..like Johnathan Watson ‘John’?” She asks uncomprehending of what she’s being told.
(See the end of the chapter for
With a sigh, John pulled himself up to follow them into the kitchen. It would be a long and agonising night.
He dried it quickly then brought it over to John and took his left hand in his right one.
Doubling over John took a moment to catch his breath. “We did it.” John said turning around to face Sherlock with a smile that slowly fell away from his face.
He just hoped that this would be over soon and everything could go back to normal.
"We were just talking- catching up -and I mentioned it." Lestrade supplies.
Just as John was about to hijack one of the cars and go home Sherlock's rapid footsteps came from the alley behind him, opposite the one he ran into. As he turned around -as did the police force- he found himself with an armful of consulting detective and soon enough a face full. It was luck that they didn't fall with John's weak leg. For some reason John couldn't fathom Sherlock had decided to practically jump into his arms grab his face and stuck his tongue down Johns throat.
It echoed on throughout the halls and even as his voice couldn’t maintain the scream, the halls continued it for him. Haunting him, every groan, every gasp and every breath, bouncing off the walls and coming back.
"We're going home." Sherlock decided suddenly pulling John with one hand out of the alleyway and into the sidewalk then pulled out his phone with his other.
“Hey.” He said to get Johns attention, it worked as he quickly lifted his head to meet Sherlock’s eyes. “Nothing bad is going to happen, I’ll make sure of it. It’s just you and me.”
"That'll look good on your record." Lestrade comments, binning his coffee.
"I just did."
“The utmost importance. Though that’s entirely fine by me, I’m not big on seafood.” John shrugged then pushed off the wall. “I have to head back for prep rehearsal, you should too. You’ll need the rest for Donavan’s lecture tomorrow.”
“Please, you have to find him. He’s hurt and alone-” John begged the police officer that was trying to keep him away from the old school grounds and especially away from the search party about to leave.
Still thinking of Mystrade though I’m not entirely sure..
“Hardly matters.” Sherlock dismisses just as Lestrade clears his throat getting their attention.
He jumped up with a triumphant smile leaving his supplies in the hall and opened the door. John was curled up in bed on his side facing away from the door. When Sherlock rounded the bed and saw his face he couldn't help but think that John was adorable while sleeping. Loath as he was to do it Sherlock sat beside John and gently shook his arm to wake him.
“Take till what, exactly?”
“Just you and me.” Sherlock says raspy and tight, the tears flowing so freely he couldn’t even contain it anymore. Tornadoes and storms tearing everything apart around him, the wind was so loud no one would hear his sobs. “Against the rest of the world.”
The picture was of the two kissing by a lake, a domestic scene that seemed far too strange to Sherlock from what John had said about Moriarty.
“He’s very clingy to you, even more so in this form.” Came a voice from the door and Sherlock rolls his eyes before raising them to meet Mycroft’s own. “You are becoming attached, brother mine. Perhaps it’s best if I move Dr Watson-“
They hadn't spoken since they entered the flat. Neither had the words anyway.
“Hey, slow down. I can keep my feet under me but I can’t run yet.” He said chuckling nervously as he tried to get his bearings
“No, you’ll need to go to the hospital with Detective Inspector Lestrade. Everything else will be taken care of.” She interrupted and took hold of his arm bringing him back to the ambulance as she spoke. “Just stay here.” She said very firmly this time and sat him down on the number of the vehicle, before he could protest any further she left.
“Hey, wait.” Lestrade says coming to stand beside him and speaking in a hushed tone. “I was thinking more on the lines of you staying with him.”
“Look he’s checking out that guys bum. He’s totally gay.” They both looked upon him, scrutinizing his gaze.
“I don’t know why you don’t like him.” Molly huffed falling back on her bed and lifting the magazine back up to her face.
"Possess." Sherlock snorts looking back forward as they hit the sidewalk. John's aunt's house was in the middle of nowhere and even attempting to find a cab would be pointless.
Suddenly among Johns inner chaos there were noises coming from around them and his heart stopped as he held his breath, the intermittent clicking of feet on stairs of metal. The stairs were just in the other room he remembered horrified but the fact. He knew he had to act fast. They were right out in the open, right in the center of the old gymnasium but John didn’t think he could carry Sherlock especially without hurting him immensely and he couldn’t drag him, there would be too much blood.
A shock greets John to the light and noise, with a defibrillator rising from his bare chest. A hand clutches his own and it grounds him from the onslaught of pain in this world. Time passes it seems entirely too fast and yet too slow he cant get his eyes open in time to see the world before he's gone under again. This time not so far under but just enough for peace.
He walked forward and up the stairs slowly one by one until he made it to the door and pushed it open. It creaked familiarly and revealed the hollow flat. Silence enveloped him so entirely his heart felt it might just burst from it.
“You.. what?” Sherlock asked thinking he was starting to hallucinate from blood loss.
“I can’t be sure exactly but maybe a month or two.” He offered not having a specific amount of time that he could tell John even though he wanted to. He didn't want to think about it although he was forced to, there was a time when he’d first gotten together with John that he didn’t believe he’d be able to be apart from him again. He’d felt like he was suffocating when he wasn’t with him and like he was drowning when he didn’t have his touch. Nowadays he’d felt it so often that he was used to it, that sending him away would be difficult, yes, extremely so but it wasn’t as hard as finding out the only person he’d ever truly loved was gone.
“I’m not sad. See?” Sherlock said and in a truly pathetic attempt to keep Johns attitude cheerful he tries to smile past it all. Even with his many years of experience in acting through cases and family events he still couldn’t seem to put on a convincing smile for John. When it really mattered, he couldn’t seem do it.
Sherlock sighed quietly holding him impossibly closer before shifting John to be held in his one arm while he pulled out his phone with his other hand. In the back of his mind he was sickened by the fact that he could hold his -former- blogger in just one arm as less than a month ago he could hardly pick him up.
“Mmm. I know.” Sherlock was closer to drooling.
“You deduce.” That confused Sherlock.
“No time. Come on, you have to get Greg out.” There was something about the way Sherlock spoke that wasn’t right, John couldn’t quite pinpoint what it was.
"Need some air."
“Mm for the best.”
He exited the car and carefully started following the blinking on foot. The area was dark but he used his phone as a flashlight and made his way around the area. It was silent except some birds in the distance, the squeaks of bats and the occasional rustle of mice but otherwise the place was deserted. He walked with caution despite that assessment.
“Where’s the exit?” Sherlock asked out of breath and trudging along with John's help.
No one would know how Sherlock Holmes had survived. It was okay, he didn’t mind having something private for now, he just needed John. John who was alive and here and waiting and John. Oh, John.
“What about Jim? If this is about you not liking him..” Molly says in a ‘not again’ type of tone as she rolls her eyes and sits on her bed.
Two days later the bet was ongoing. They were both trying to prove he was or wasn’t gay just for the sake of being right for Sherlock and Molly wanted to prove him wrong. (She also wanted new shoes and buying them with some of Sherlock’s money would make her feel better about overpaying.)
The man he had talked to earlier got out of the car and opened the back door for them although Sherlock pays no attention to him, focusing his attention on the scared child in his arms. He carefully bent down and sets John and his bag on the ground beside the both of them, John was quiet, reserved and trying not to freak out. Sherlock could see it easily. He wished there was something more he could do, that it hadn’t come down to this and he could protect John but he couldn't and now this was the only option.
It was blinding and he closed his eyes again quickly, pupils still burning behind his eyelids. While there was a definite calmness surrounding him, in a way it was eerie, there wasn't much to be heard but the rustling noises that he now wasn’t so convinced was curtains. Trying to figure what exactly it was that he was feeling or the lack thereof feeling happening. Maybe that was why it was so peaceful.
"Hmm?" Sherlock hums questionably preoccupied with his microscope but paying attention still, just slightly.
Sherlock watches John sleeping peacefully on the couch, bundled up in a thick blanket and a very large jumper that practically drowned the small boy inside of it. He still couldn’t believe it, he felt like he was going to wake up and John would be by his side in their bed just like every morning before.
“Miss Hooper!” The liberian whisper yelled placing a finger to her lips.
"Mrs Hudson, back on topic if you please."He snapped lightly.
“I know.” Mycroft nodded some glancing towards the building and at everyone around it, it was so quiet. None of them had forgotten the bodies at the entrance, they were all just hoping to not let the death count get any higher. “I don't like waiting like this.”
"Are you sure it's only friendship?"
"He's taking John then?" Greg asked already knowing the answer.
“I love you too.”
“I don’t care Mummy. I need to go now.” Sherlock complained as his mother continued to baby him and everything he was doing. “I’ll be fine if I need anything I will call or just get Mycroft to do it.”
"Sherlock, if you don't mind." Greg gestured vaguely to the crime scene. Sherlock nodded to him and turned to John.
When they reached the hospital John was cleared and Greg went into intensive care. The doctors had said a lot of words that John wasn’t able to retain on his own but that was okay because at some point Mycroft had arrived to listen for him. He didn’t particularly like Mycroft, scared him a bit actually what with the suits and umbrellas and dark fancy cars, not to mention the stories Sherlock had told him.
"Alright Johnny lets- oh! Mr Holmes!" The lady exclaimed. Sherlock spins around in surprise to look at the women in the doorway, it was Mrs Carson, he had met her at the front desk. She was holding some sort of medical instrument he couldn't identify, it seemed to be a kind of helmet. The woman herself was late forties, hair just starting to gray, loss of child the way she seemed to baby the boy and average marriage by her wedding ring.
“Of course, I will. Don’t be silly, John.” Sherlock replied lightheartedly to try and lift the weight of the situation as much as possible. As little as it seemed to work John smiled at Sherlock, attempting to be positive as well and leaned forward to peck Sherlocks cheek lightly. “I love you.”
“I’m trying to be nice Sherlock and not just for his sake but for Gregs.” Sherlock lifted his head to stare at her confused.
Greg slammed his shoulder up against the metal doors ignoring the burst of pain that burned down his arm. With a muttered string of select curses he stepped back, the doors weren’t budging.
Time ticked on far too quickly for Sherlocks liking and soon it had been thirteen days and he’d come up with nothing. No answer no fix, nothing. He’d not gotten any further than he was two weeks ago.
After a few moments of Sebastian debating whether this was a good idea or not, he nodded.
"You've been making a lot of promises lately."
For a moment in the brief second before John’s eyes closed to escape the emptiness around him, he could have sworn he saw a warm flat with Sherlock in the center. When he opened his eyes again only cold greeted him and John sighed, disturbing the silence and dust particles curled around him.
John looked blankly at him then to Mycroft and nodded slightly his eyes moving to the ground. Sherlock swallowed thickly as Mycroft came and sat beside John, a silent assurance. He quickly pulled himself together and walked over to Greg ready to be a detective.
“The girl?”
“Do you think I could get Molly to sing it?” John asks playing the notes over again on his guitar sprawled out on the couch.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Wait! Why? What's going on?" John asked completely confused as he tried to keep up with Sherlock's long strides. "Sherlock, what is this thing?"
It fell open under his weight and he hit the ground, looking up, recovering as quickly as possible although he found nothing but an empty room. It couldn’t possibly be. It was the only room left he had gone through them all, every one and nothing.
"Okay so I have looked at him that way, so what? How could you not, I mean look at him. But it's Sherlock he doesn't do that? Does he?" John just spilled his guts and looked like he just told her he killed someone.
The dogtags swung from their place hanging from the lampshade, back and forth slowly. But nothing mattered expept the two men and that’s how it should be.
“I’d say two weeks. Tops.”
Settling down, he’d grieve. It would last the whole night and weeks, months afterward. When John came he’d ignore his existence, he’d be a lifeless shell of person, spirit lost to a teenager he loved more than life itself. He’d take out his anger on everyone else while trying to avoid his fathers wrath.
"Completely." Suddenly Sherlock jumped up out of the bed then turned around and grabbed Johns wrist. "Come on, let's go somewhere."
"Such as?" Sherlock asked once more moving his legs to a crisscrossed position.
“A week.”
John followed Sherlock into the bedroom to get dressed as well and when he was done came out to make breakfast. The fridge was -thankfully- stocked with lots of different types of food and John made up some omelets while Sherlock showered.
~IMPORTANT~
John startled and turned quickly staring at Sherlock for a long moment and so many emotions flashed before his eyes. They stared for a long moment just the movement of the dogtags between them before John surged forward and Sherlock was afraid he might hit him.
That night they slept together in John's darkened room curled around each other on his bed. Greg and Mycroft had left for the night each going to their respective homes promising to come back in the morning. Sherlock fell asleep quickly from so much activity after surgery and a small dose of sleeping medication put into his IV. Without him knowing of course.
"Just two days ago you got me to jump out of that tree." Sherlock said sending him a glare.
All he could do now was hope John didn’t come and the police returned but even far from that he hoped he’d die faster than what is seemed he would.
“You should be grateful you arrogant sod, or you won’t get any of these.” Lestrade chided as he held up a box of something. Nicotine patches, oh heaven. Sherlock quickly grabbed them from him.
“You are sad. I know. I see.” John said stubbornly understanding something was wrong and that Sherlock wasn’t truly happy. Not even close actually. “Something is bad?”
"Where?" John asked straining his neck to look past the chair to the stairway where Sherlock was putting on his shoes.
“Well the Who we clearly already know.” Lestrade said turning his chair to face the board.
Mycroft made a vow -the only one he would ever make- to be there each and every time for his brother, his baby brother.
Turning to John slowly Sherlock looked him in the eye. He wanted desperately to tell him everything he was thinking right then. How when he looked at him his stomach twisted into knots and when he thought about him he got this ridiculous grin on his face. How no matter how much time he spent with him and even when he’s right next door, when he couldn’t see John he felt like ripping his hair out. How he was hopelessly in love with him and couldn’t do a damn thing about it.
“Fancy a cuppa?” Greg asked was the door closed.
“Don’t need it.” Sherlock argued Mycroft just rolled his eyes.
"That's all I'm getting if you want anything else you're getting it yourself."
They had both been underneath the knives and pictures if they hadn’t have moved they both would have been killed. Sherlock had saved John really, by going ahead and seeing what the noise was before him. John would never forget it, that is if they ever got out of this alive, he’d spend his whole life repaying it.
"What? Why?" John asked as he was pulled up and Sherlock pushed him out of the room.
A knock on the door pulled him from his plotting.
Neither of them could hold in the scream and didn’t care when they could practically hear the sound of Johnathan Watson moving away from the wall. The noise deafening to even their ears as they screamed till their voices were raw.
“John.” Sherlock's voice comes from the doorway and John swivels around in his chair to look at him. “Go wait in the hall I have to talk to Lestrade.”
He can only hope that somehow Mycroft can fix this.
He got to him within seconds and grasped him by his waist stepping up onto the thick roots of the old tree to try and hold him up. John wasn’t strong and while Sherlock wasn’t heavy, he couldn’t hold him up for long or high enough to where he could get him out of the rope. He heard people coming closer but his grip was slipping and Sherlocks movements were getting slower, it was forty seconds too long before someone took him out of his grasp.
"You don't worry dear, I won't tell him." She really was a saint, if Mycroft stuck his fat nose in this He'd start asking questions Sherlock didn't know the answer to himself.
A newly formed relationship filled with feather light touches, uncertain smiles and fleeting glances. Sherlock always thought the prospect to be silly and if you liked someone to just say it. Then again he never thought he would meet someone who he could do those things with.
"Are you going to just quit being a musician?" Sherlock asks quietly after a few moments and John looks up to watch his expression.
He texts Mycroft a few choice -mainly curse- words to get him to come to the flat quicker while also informing him briefly of the situation. If Mycroft didn’t have a cure or at least something to stop Johns de-aging process, he didn’t want to think of what might happen. Yet he couldn’t stop thinking about it either and that terrified him.
“I’m doing just fine on my own, you don’t need to be here.” Sherlock said and he couldn’t help but smooth the harsh edge in his tone. It wasn’t John but it was and he couldn’t be harsh to John, he found it so hard still to this day to let him go.
“I’m so sorry, John.” Sherlock whispered softly, holding John close to his chest. Apologizing for everything, for not being able to protect him and for losing him once again.
Sherlock nods approvingly and turns to the stove. "I'm boiling water to sterilise the needle." He explains dropping the needle in to the boiling water.
Sherlock turns his face away from John as he finishes his tale to hide a grin. John made it all far too easy.
He can still pick them out Mycroft’s on the left and Sherlock’s on the right. Mycroft’s always seemed a bit higher a bit brighter in Sherlock’s mind even now his seems better as he will always be the lesser in his brothers eyes even in their parents' eyes. Well their father’s eyes more than their mother’s.
John wobbled and teetered like a toddler trying to walk for the first time Sherlock startled and made to stand thinking he was falling down. But John caught himself on the arm of his chair and Sherlock settled back down, hoping John didn't see. John asked where and Sherlock pointed him to their bedroom, struggling to keep his voice steady.
“You can leave him there.” Lestrade suggested.
“Yeah, I want you guys to be apart of this and Molly has a nice voice I think.” John smiles a bit tapping his foot to the beat, leaning his head back against the back of the couch.
“You sweep too?” John asks yawning and moving up a bit holding onto Sherlock’s shirt tightly.
That was until he picked up his phone. It buzzed in his hand restlessly with new messages coming in every minute or so demanding his attention but it was all focused on a singular message. The very first message he had received, a singular text from John among a multitude of calls from Mycroft. Although it was only John’s text that concerned him at the moment, just one message, his location attached. Something was very terribly wrong.
That changed today though, definitely. Mycroft was upset but he was calm and comforting in a way he didn’t really imagine he would be, but he was. He sat next to John and talked to the doctors for him and filled out the forms he couldn't seem to make any sense of no matter how long he stared at the page. What surprised him most though was that when John could no longer hold his head up and dropped it onto Mycroft's shoulder, he didn’t shrug him off or tell him to not touch him. He simply stayed still and let him rest. He couldn’t be more thankful for that.
Mycroft came back over to Greg and he pulled him aside for a moment out of everyone else's view. “He’ll be okay.” Greg said in a hushed tone, no matter the distance they were from anyone else it seemed almost wrong to be so outward about it.
Little things lay around that reminded him of John, as much as he wanted to try and forget about the situation and what he’d just done to John, he was unable to with all these inane reminders. That silly little cup he’d actually bought so John wouldn’t continue spilling juice all over the carpet and forcing him to clean it. Tiny socks he’d been unable to pack for John with the limited time they had to get John ready to go. A shock blanket Sherlock had stolen from a crime scene that John had used for almost every nap he’d ever taken, he regretted he hadn’t packed it for him.
“Why not?”
Sherlock pulls out his phone careful not to jostle John and texts Mycroft, hoping he’d get there before John had slept long enough to de-age again. For now he could only hold the small child close and hope.
"No there's no point to this anyway. We shouldn't both have to waste time with something so dull." John was going to point out that identifying a killer shouldn't be considered dull but was silence when Sherlock place a kiss on his forehead and started walking back towards the door. John just sort of sat there dumbfounded. Since when did they become so domesticated? "Breakfast is on the stove and there is paracetamol on the counter if your shoulder is hurting you. I'll be back as soon as I can." With that Sherlock was gone.
John closed his eyes as another hour of silence fell upon him once again as he was left alone in the hospital room with Sherlock’s immobile body. He had been here for two days already and Sherlock’s only movement was his chest rising and falling, the doctors couldn't even say if he would wake up.
‘Don’t be ridiculous, John. Time travel isn’t feasible and Greg needs you. I can handle myself.’
"Valid excuse." Sherlock replies looking forward to the fireplace full of black wood and cool coals. He doesn't want to think of the John sitting beside him as the same one he had kissed and hugged so many times. It seemed impossible and he refused to believe it.
"Grab my hand!" Sherlock yelled, putting his hand down to him but John hesitated a bullet hit the wall next to his head. "Now is not the time for an identity crisis, John! Grab my hand, now!" Sherlock screamed and John grabbed on and Sherlock pulled him up on as another bullet hit right where he had been standing.
“You came back..” John said as the man pushed him into a sitting position, the bandages on his arms pulling at his wounds. The man pulled his legs off the bed and grabbed his shoulders to hold him up.
"Never mind you with making up excuses. Just get back to your room before Martha -Mrs Hudson- returns, your brother will be most displeased if she reports you missing."
Beeeeeeeeeep!
"It's what I do and don't trust the police they're idiots." Sherlock said proudly.
Like their days were filled with each other, Sherlock and John would spend all day together. The afternoon would come around and they would walk, bedridden days becoming fewer and more far in between. Then Lestrade would come bearing dinner and sometimes desert depending on where he went and how work was. Sometimes he even brought cases although Sherlock never really stopped thinking of Johns. The weekend nights Lestrade would stay the night and weekday nights Sherlock would take John to the roof and they would talk. Sometimes about meaningless things sometimes about important things like the past or future.
“Oh god, I remember that case, it was awful.” He sounded horrified, and it shook Sherlock to the bone. Lestrade was, a good man, a strong one and it took a lot to rile him. So John’s case must have been truly horrible. Sherlock swallowed thickly before answering.
"Good luck and tell me everything." Molly smiled lightly and laid her head back on her pillow as he nodded and slipped out the door. He padded the short way to Johns room a knocked quietly.
It stayed as it was a respect of similar minds that worked high above everyone else’s and found a meeting place here in this dark place. It seemed fitting, Sherlock thought as he didn’t pull the trigger and a sort of regret settled over his head, Moriarty grinned some sensing it too.
"Seriously? Where? When?" Sherlock smiled at Johns surprise.
"John?" Sherlock asked quietly leaning into the door. Only silence met his quiet voice until Sherlock saw a shadow of two feet right in front of the door. "John, please."
“I’m not sure, I’ll let you know when I figure it out.” After a moment of consideration he smirked. “Jeff.” Lestrade snorted.
“The picture had something on it, it's on my fingers.” Sherlock said with a disgusted face rubbing his fingers together before lifting them to his mouth. John quickly grabs Sherlocks wrist, stopping him from tasting the strange substance.
“You picked it because it’s familiar.” Sherlock moves the pin so John could see what it was covering.
"Thank you.." he mumbled into his shoulder and Sherlock smiles fondly, sadly.
“I can’t believe he’s a detective already, I feel like he just graduated.” John muses to himself falling back against the couch stretching out across it.
"The tracker implanted in his arm would be best to be removed first."
“You don’t see it? Perhaps I put too much faith in you. Go on, we have time.”
"John-"
“How long do you bet it’ll take?” Sherlock asked still not taking his eyes off of John.
"Wanted to do something nice. Problem?" Sherlock asked almost anxiously.
Without a doubt.
"Alright, you know you can look at it. I don't mind I'll even stay here with you." John offered as he leaned back on the bed lounging at the end. He said it offhandedly like it didn't matter much though Sherlock knew it did. He was selfish though and opened it anyway with Johns comforting presence below him.
"I wish I could say the same dear, but I wished we wouldn't meet here again."
“-Questions arose.” Mycroft finished looking up to him and Lestrade looked back and forth between them entirely lost.
"Why? Just leave me alone." John continued to whine and pull away.
"I have and I don't care." He pounded on the door again with his fists. "Come on, John! It's important!" He quite literally whined.
John didn’t like feelings either, not really. Sherlock was right. They were messy and difficult and profoundly hard to get anything done with all those things going on, maybe that's why he felt so numb and empty now. He didn’t need to feel. Feeling was useless anyway it just got in the way of solving the mystery.
"There must be something. Let me do the search." Sherlock demands moving his chair closer to the desk.
“It’s best to, before he does anything else.” Sherlock looked at John’s seemily beaten expression. “You can stay-” Sherlock offered quietly after a moment.
"Sorry." He looked down abashedly and she just chuckled a bit bitterly and sat beside him on the bed. As she went about checking him over Sherlock figured it best to ask now.
"My.. arm is blinking." John replied confused watching his arm as it blinks green slowly.
“Shewock?” John says quietly apparently awake and shifting atop of Sherlocks chest to peak up at him. Sherlock has the urge to correct Johns poor pronunciation of his name but decides to wait until after the important bit of this is done before working on his words.
“Sherlock.” John says in a whisper a rush of relief washing over him as he finally wakes up. “Careful, come on we need to go.”
“Who?”
"This isn't your fault." Sherlock said almost ashamed but John was having none of it.
“Alright, come on!” John says exitedly and drops his stuff findings paper and pencil and quickly start writing out what was in his head. Sherlock watches from over Johns shoulder as he writes out a song lyrics and even a few starter notes were there already. “How’s this?” He asks handing it to Sherlock and watching nervously as he read it over.
“To an almost perfect present?” Sherlock asked with a raised eyebrow as he poured a small amount of whiskey into each of the glasses for a toast.
“Heirloom.” Sherlock scoffed coming back into the living room with a bottle in hand. “That’s just Mummy’s way of saying it’s time for a visit. If it was important she wouldn't have sent it at all.”
The funeral.
The dread.
“Okay.” John pouts a bit before plopping down onto his bum to wait for Sherlock, picking at his shirt disinterestedly.
"I have-"
“Stay here.” Sherlock said more stern as he pushed on John’s shoulder to get him to sit down. John glared at the door as Sherlock closed it behind him pulling off his hood angrily. He was acting like the child he looked like but he couldn’t find it in himself to care.
John was asleep in Sherlock’s bedroom, the fact that he could finally allow him to sleep without having to worry about his age was a huge weight off his shoulders, already growing heavy with the weight of everything else. Time was ticking by and the days were blurring together as Sherlock worked on.
Anderson and Donovan go to make the arrest and when out of eye shot, hearing shot and Sherlock's radar, Anderson reveals that he had filmed the whole thing. They had quite a story to tell everyone at the station and now they have the proof. "Well, I won the bet, Anderson. Pay up."
Sherlock points to the sofa. "Mister Taylor was sat there when they started their song."
They both make eye contact as they both sing the next line. "Oh, but it's cold outside."
"But, baby, it's cold outside." John continues, trying not to hesitate as he calls Sherlock 'baby'.
John lifts the man's head up with his hands, cupping the man's face in them. "But, baby, it's cold outside"
"May the best person win." Anderson states as she continues with a smile.
Sherlock stands and walks over to the piano. "This welcome has been..."
John sits next to him and places his hand on the man's thigh. "Mind if I move in closer?"
John smiles as he moves his hand away. "What's the sense in hurting my pride?"
Seeing how Sherlock is right, like always, John reluctantly agreed to it with a nod. "Fine. Were do I start?"
Sherlock walks towards the door and nods at his coat and jacket hanging on it. "Say, lend me a coat?"
"This evening has been..."
John smiles and moves around and stands in front of Sherlock. "I'll take your hat, your hair looks swell."
John moves his hands slowly up Sherlock's arms. "If you got pneumonia and died."
Sherlock shrugs as he doesn't move away. "At least I'm gonna say that I tried."
Suddenly Sherlock gets up and walks backwards towards the fire place, giving John a come hither look. "My mother will start to worry."
Sherlock sighs deeply. "But don't you see?"
Sherlock smiles and looks down, shrugging. "At least there will be plenty implied."
Sherlock shows confusion, his mind spinning from the heated kiss moments ago. "On what?"
"You heard me correctly, John. We need to re-enact it so I can get a good view of the victim's environment before she died from her perspective."
John shakes his head as he looks towards the window, that surprisingly enough, is actually snowing heavily outside judging by the shadow of the falling snowfall. "Never such a blizzard before."
Sherlock cuts him off. "John, we need to do this. It's the only way to find out how she died."
"You want to what?" John asks having to choke most of the words out of his mouth.
John nods at the window. "Look out the window at that storm."
Sherlock looks up so his face is very close to John's. "...To break the spell."
"But, baby, it's cold outside." Sherlock looks back at John, just as Mrs. Taylor had done, with a flirtatious look, making Anderson giggle again, but they both ignore it.
Sherlock shrugs as he moves back to the fire place and picks up a cigarette from the ashtray, but doesn't take a puff as Mrs Taylor didn't. "But maybe just a cigarette more."
John waves his hand as if saying 'not important'. "Waves upon a tropical shore."
Sherlock smiles kindly at him as he takes John's hand in his. "You've really been grand."
"Um, Sherlock? After the song, Mister and Mrs. Taylor, they um...kiss."
Sherlock looks down shyly with a small smile. "My father will be pacing the floor." John wonders did Sherlock ever look so cute before? The glowing light of the fire place enhanced his amazing features.
Sherlock smiles mischievously and backs towards the door, the other officers moving out the way of him, but are in shock of what is happening. "So really I'd better scurry."
Lestrade smiles knowing what is making Sherlock a bit slower than normal. "What killed her."
John sighs deeply, closing his eyes for a moment, before opening them again. "Ooh your lips are delicious."
Donovan smiles as she holds out her hands and gratefully takes the thirty pounds from Anderson. "Okay, I bet fifty pounds that the freak and Watson will sleep together by two months."
Sherlock sighs deeply and looks down. "I simply must go."
Sherlock moves to the back of the sofa and puts his hands on the back of it. "There's bound to be talk tomorrow."
"I've got to go away."
"I really can't stay." Sherlock sings in a soothing voice that seems natural to singing. John takes a death breath as he continues the song in perfect harmony with Sherlock.
John walks up to the back of the sofa and stand behind Sherlock as he moves his hands onto the man's shoulders, lovingly. "Your eyes are like starlight now."
Donovan smiles knowingly with amusement. "Freak, you okay?"
Sherlock flashes a worried look, just as Mrs. Taylor did. "My maiden aunt's mind is vicious."
"Sherlock is going to be the girl!"
Sherlock looks down shyly. "My sister will be suspicious."
"Anderson, don't talk out loud, you're loosing what little IQ points you still have inside that hollowed out skull of yours." Sherlock orders as he, hangs his coat on the door along with his suit jacket, revealing a purple buttoned up shirt with tight black jeans. He turns back to John. "John, we need to do this as accurately as we can so you'll have to act like how Mister Taylor was on the CCTV. I will act like Mrs. Taylor. It's the best way to get the results most accurate. Now, sit down so we can begin." John hesitantly sits down and Sherlock takes his place at the window, looking out of it, just as Mrs. Taylor was doing.
The music ends and everyone on the force stares waiting for the kiss that's meant to come. John takes a deep breath and Sherlock gives him a reassuring look, not moving as he knows it's Mister Taylor is the one who kisses Mrs. Taylor. John slowly moves his face closer to Sherlock's who remains calm and still. After much hesitation, John decides just to get it over with and closes the space between their lips as they both close their eyes. The second their lips meet Sherlock sighs deeply as he kisses him back, but letting John remain in charge. John moves his hands down to Sherlock's waist, many of the officers becoming even more shocked as Mister Taylor never did that. Mister Taylor had pulled back by now, not keeping the kiss going and turning it into a hot, steamy one. Sherlock knows it too, but something is telling him that this is right, that it's supposed to happen as he grips John's hair and he's beginning to see stars as John keeps a firm grip on his waist before trailing his hands up Sherlock's back to then run them through his hair. Sherlock gasps out when John bites his bottom lip and pulls John closer by the waist, keeping his hands firmly on them as if this would all fade away at any second. Anderson's jaw, like all of the others is dropped.
Sherlock smiles again. "But maybe just half a drink more."
Sherlock smiles at John. "My brother will be there at the door."
John smiles. "But, baby, it's cold outside."
Lestrade, seeing where this is going if they keep this up, decided to call it a day. "Oi, Romeo, Juliet, get a room!"
John mirrors the smile as he nods at the gramophone near the sofa. "Put some records on while I pour."
Sherlock moves back into the sofa. "I ought to say no no no, sir."
"John, everyone here isn't exactly on the best terms with me. You are the only one who can do this without messing up."
Sherlock is confused still. "Her?...Oh, right! Mrs. Taylor. Yes, her husband found an insurance scheme that her death would cause him to get everything. He was wearing poisoned lip gloss." Lestrade nods and gives the order to the man's arrest.
Suddenly, as if being startled, John pulls back and Sherlock stumbles forwards, obviously enjoying it a little to much. "Um, I...think we got it." John states as he quickly straightens his-self up and looks away from the officers who are shooting him many looks.
Sherlock looks back towards the door, ignoring a smirking Anderson who is trying not to laugh. "I really can't stay."
"I'll hold your hands, they're just like ice."
"...So very nice." Sherlock sings as he cranes his head up to John who takes Sherlock's hands in his.
Sherlock looks towards the door. "I've got to get home."
At his bet she smiles. "I will meet your bet and say they will sleep together by one month." They shake hands.
John kneels on the sofa and puts his hands over Sherlock's, stroking them lovingly. "Think of my life-long sorrow."
John licks his lips with a look of desperation for Sherlock. "Gosh your lips look delicious."
This time, it's Sherlock who's confused. "Yes. Mister Taylor is the one who initiates it. That means you'll have to be the one who initiates our kiss." John gulps as he hears this. Sherlock is the one who always leads, how could he lead a kiss to the man he barely knows? Sure he lives in the same flat as him, but there's still things that John is finding out everyday about Sherlock. Suddenly, seeming from nowhere, the music begins and Sherlock smiles softly as he looks out the window, the smile seeming natural on his face.
John walks after him and, like Mister Taylor did, runs his right hand along Sherlock's right arm. "Beautiful, what's your hurry?"
John follows him. "How lucky that you dropped in."
Sherlock and John were called in on a case with unusual circumstances. The victim, Mary Taylor, had been poisoned moments before she died. The question is; how? The CCTV footage showed no substances that she had taken or had be injected with. She and her husband of ten years, James Taylor, were enjoying their afternoon together as they sang 'Baby, it's cold outside'. On arrival to the crime scene, Sherlock had found nothing to help solve the case until DI Lestrade came to them with the CCTV footage. The couple who owned the house were loaded so that could have been the motive for Mrs. Taylor's murder. After watching the CCTV footage of the woman and her husband singing while shooting flirtatious looks at each other, the song ending with them kissing passionately, Sherlock seemed to be deep in thought until asked if he knew anything and that's when he said: "John and I will need to re-enact the events that had happened here." As soon as the words had left his mouth, everyone, and that literally means everyone in the room, froze in shock with many of them having their jaws hanging open. So John, naturally, had been confused and puzzled by Sherlock's statement which brings us back to John's question. Sherlock turns to him finally taking his eyes of the CCTV on the TV screen.
John shakes his head in confusion. "Why me? Can't someone else do it with you?" Sherlock gives John a look as if he said something extremely stupid.
John grabs his hand, lovingly. "But, baby, you'll freeze out there."
Sherlock looks at the window. "The neighbours might think."
"Do you see the camera, Dr. Watson?" The voice continued. John looked up and watched the camera move and focus on him, before turning in the opposite direction. "There's another on the building opposite you."
"Father…I need to know the truth and if that means taking religious vows then so be it. But remember, I did warn you. I'll be a lousy priest." The old man smiled and answered softly.
"Gregory, Run! Get into the church, it can't touch you there!" The familiar voice of Father Tragillio warned. Greg didn't think twice and for once did as the old Sicilian priest ordered without question. As he crossed the threshold of the church, he looked back and was shocked by what he saw. The priest came at the creature head on and as it lunged at him making a grab for his throat with its dark claws, Father pulled a wooden stake with a sharpened tip from under his cassock and plunged it into the creatures heart. After a pained screech, it disintegrated to dust as if it had never been. Greg heard Father whisper. "Misereatur tui omnipotens Deus." May almighty God have mercy upon you. Father had then crouched down next to his mother, after checking for a pulse, he shook his head and sighed deeply and murmured in a pained voice "Pax Domini sit semper vobiscum" May the peace of the Lord be always with you. Greg began to shake and his breathing and heart rate doubled as the reality of what he had just witnessed hit him fully. His mother was dead, killed by what appeared to be a vampire.
"Punch me in the face." Sherlock requested looking at John expectantly.
"You don't get to be my age without learning a few tricks." John replied easily.
"I'm on a case, no time to sit and eat. I would, however, appreciate some of your garlic rolls." Sherlock requested. Angelo smiled with a quick nod in headed into the kitchen. Moments later, he returned with a basket full of piping hot rolls.
"There is a security camera on the building to your left. Do you see it?" The voice asked.
"He met one of them briefly, but that's beside the point. He didn't call you in on this one. He told me so. Why do you care then?" Sherlock scoffed looking annoyed at the question.
Mycroft swallowed the pills quickly and trembled. God help him. He never wanted to go through a rut again. He assumed presentation would be unpleasant, but he had never in his wildest dreams imagined that it would be that bad. Mycroft shuddered. No one had told him. He couldn’t remember much, only bits and pieces; the pain, the lust, the complete loss of control and the rage at being denied. He had been more animal than human. Feral. His memories were fractured and Mycroft wondered if perhaps that had been a blessing. He looked at his Uncle who sat opposite him as he sipped whiskey from a crystal glass.
He had gotten sloppy. The finish line was within sight. Sherlock had been rushing in order to return to John. There was only one thread left. Sebastian Moran. Sherlock had used every resource available to him. He had called in favors, even going so far as to utilize some of Mycroft's contacts, though he loathed being in his brother's debt, John was worth it. John, Sherlock thought as he let his eyes slip shut. Mycroft had confirmed that he had begun training with SAS. Sherlock's chest tightened at the thought. It was bad enough that John had reenlisted as a full combatant, but SAS was even more dangerous. The likelihood of him being injured or killed was now exponentially higher.
"Finish it!" John hissed. "Put me out of my misery." Mycroft's eyes narrowed and he seemed to hesitate. He backed up slowly and crouched down over Greg's still form placing a hand over his heart. The mage's hand glowed brightly and the light spread across the priest's body before fading away. Before John could urge him to kill him again, Greg moaned loudly and started to sit up slowly obviously still dazed. John stared at the priest momentarily distracted. John needed to know what happened. Had Greg done this to him? Show me, John thought. John concentrated causing his eyes to glow and a vision flashed before his eyes. Greg at the alter chanting in Latin, then anointing the holy water with his own blood and pouring it over John's back. The vision vanished quickly as the relic around Greg's neck pulsed brightly causing John's head to ache. "I don't know whether to curse you or thank you Greg." John whispered in a hoarse voice feeling exhausted suddenly. John bit back a groan as his stomach cramped painfully as the hunger rose again. John clutched his abdomen and clamped his jaw shut. He needed to feed. "Hungry," John ground out.
"Yet, you have never expressed concern for the priest associating with your brother." Anthea retorted a bit taken by surprise at the revelation.
"Changeling, John. They are destine to wander, even if one attempted to place him in foster care. He would never stay." Sherlock answered looking annoyed. "The kindest thing I can do for him is to make sure he eats regularly and in return, he serves as eyes and ears for me. Changelings are able to sense the supernatural. He really is quite helpful." Sherlock explained. John sighed knowing that Sherlock had a point, but still not happy knowing that boy was living on the streets.
Chapter 11
"Baskerville? Are you really planning on going? I've heard rumors about that place. Government facilities. Projects are all very hush-hush." John said.
“No, Myc. I won’t let you. You’ll be throwing everything away. Perhaps, I won’t present.”
"Why would he be considered a suspect?" John asked. Greg sighed taking one last drag off his cigarette before snubbing it out.
As Sherlock goes to return the memory, he catches the reflection of the flame bouncing off the surface of something else in the drawer. Whatever it is, he didn't put it there, but that it has shown up in the Shadow Room does not surprise him. When he reaches for it, it is easy to identify: a voice recorder.
"Going by the look on Greg's face as he gazed at John's soul, it was a sacred and beautiful sight. Lestrade has seen more darkness than I and is not one to be easily awestruck, yet he looked…I can't quite describe it…but he just said 'It's worth saving.' I trust his judgment and so does John." Molly was once again struck speechless. Greg had soul gazed? Only the strongest medians were capable of that. She couldn't repress a shudder at the thought. Lucky, so lucky, it could have gone terribly wrong. Perhaps, there was a chance.
Sherlock about it the next time they were alone.
"I know they would, Bill. In fact, that's where they first wanted me to be assigned this time around. Doctors are in short supply, but this is what I want, to fight alongside my fellow men. Don't get me wrong, the RAMC is an important part of the military and serves a vital role. It was an honor serving with them, but it isn't for me anymore. I served with RAMC for years before going through officers training at Sandhurst and re-enlisting as a full combatant during my last two tours in Afghanistan. It's why I've only achieved the rank of Captain at my age. I essentially started from scratch when I was assigned with Fusilier's as a full combatant after leaving the RAMC." John replied with a sigh as he took in the disbelieving look on Bill's face.
"Yes, and he was useless. 'Leave it, Sherlock. I can handle it, Sherlock. It's personal, Sherlock.'" Sherlock recited in a mocking voice earning a sigh from John.
"Blood bank," Sherlock called out looking in Mycroft's direction. Mycroft shook his head.
"Aye, I've been doing that too much lately, it seems. It's easy to get lost in your own head sometimes." Greg admitted in a kind voice. "I just can't let it go. I'm missing something. I know I am." Molly mirrored his sigh and sad smile.
"Only once." John confirmed with a sigh. "What should we do about Sherlock?"
John then heard his jailer's footsteps. The men, as expected, were in possession of a syringe and the medication which the syringe contained was quickly emptied into John's IV. John heard one murmur in Pashto "Hard to believe that he has lived thirty days. Phase one is complete on to phase two." The pain floated away as the medication took effect. John struggled to stay awake as the drugs threatened to pull him back under. His heart rate doubled as he felt the restraints being removed. He gagged as the Nasogastric tube was pulled out and whimpered in relief as the soiled diaper was changed. "Type II," one of the men said briskly as he cleaned John's genitals. John looked down at himself and frowned. His penis and testicles looked smaller, much smaller. His pubic hair was now thin and downy. The thought fluttered away and John sighed in relief as a clean diaper was applied and the sting of a needle pierced his buttocks. He blinked blurrily as he fought sleep. This medication was different, rather than knocking him out completely, he just felt sleepy and very relaxed. Most likely a narcotic like morphine in combination with a benzodiazepine like valium. John struggled to swallow and moisten his parched throat.
Rather than admit defeat, the vampire had redoubled his efforts and this was how Irene had found herself running from the hunter and the priest. Irene's thoughts moved briefly to the unassuming man named John Watson. There was something off about him. He hadn't been affected by her spell of seduction in the slightest. She paused a moment to regroup. She should never have agreed to help the vampire, but the notion of feeding off of Sherlock Holmes had been too much to resist. The decision had proven to be her down fall. Now she was running for her life and hadn't feed in days. She was pulled from her thoughts by the hunter's smooth baritone voice. "You should never let your heart rule your head." She looked up in shock to see Holmes, Watson, and Lestrade standing in front of her. How had they found her so quickly? She was trapped. She needed to bide time.
"It won't work." Molly insisted and was frankly surprised that Sherlock was willing to consider it. But, it seemed that Sherlock was willing to do nearly anything for John Watson. The thought made Molly pause for a moment, was there something between them that she wasn't seeing? She hoped not for both of their sakes. It would lead to nothing but heartbreak. For as much as Molly wished to help, she knew it was hopeless.
Uncle Rudolph made good on the first half of his promise, Mycroft had obtained an internship, but the Omega tragically died just a few months after Mycroft presented leaving a void in their family which had only grown after their parents were killed. Mycroft dreaded the day that Sherlock presented but he had at least warned his brother which was more preparation than he had gotten.
He then laughed but it was hollow. "Yes, the bravery of the solider. Bravery is by far the kindest word for stupidity, don't you think?" He goaded. John's eyes narrowed as he tried to figure out who this man was and what he wanted with him. He would have some of the answers sooner than he thought.
“Oh.” Greg hoped his relief wasn’t as visible as it felt.
"You're one to talk." Lestrade shot back and coughed proving Sherlock's point.
"I've never seen these before." Sherlock admitted looking frustrated.
“I see you’ve fed, John. I’m glad. You look much better. Now the real work begins.”
"Bring him to Westminster Cathedral. Come with Mycroft and Anthea, bring stakes, silver, and anything else magical which has not been tainted by darkness. I'll need all the help that I can get. There is a ritual, which may strengthen his grace enough to resist the darkness. I have never seen it attempted. It may not work. No promises, Sherlock." Lestrade insisted as he cut the call. Sherlock let out a relieved sigh. Now all he had to do was convince Mycroft, which ironically, may prove harder than convincing Lestrade.
"No need. I deduced all of that from your appearance and behavior." Sherlock said without further explanation. The man came closer and whispered in Greg's ear. "Give me the crime file and I'll solve it. The name is Sherlock Holmes and the address is 221B Baker's Street." He then turned on his heel and left as mysteriously as he came leaving Greg more than a bit confused and bewildered.
“You’ve made your point clear enough that I already know your opinion.” Mycroft insisted even more coldly. “I did not intend to--I only meant that I’m not discussing this topic because I’m not at liberty and not because I’m afraid of what you would think.”
“No John.” Sherlock insisted finally breaking his silence but unable to keep the tremor out of his voice. “You deserved a chance.” John scoffed and retorted.
"Not good," Sherlock asked looking chastised.
Chapter 2
“Yes, according to me. Who else’s judgment am I supposed to exercise? Yours?” Mycroft sighed sounding tired suddenly.
"Yes…I refused, of course." John explained still shocked that the two men were brothers.
"Obviously, I can straighten up a bit." Sherlock placated. John's expression morphed to one of confusion and then to suspicion as he moved about the flat, picking up a wooden stake and the jar of holy water beside it.
Molly watched helplessly as Greg Lestrade ranted. "First, Sherlock jumps off a roof, then John decides to reenlist in the military despite the fact that he shouldn't be eligible because of his injury. I smell a rat. First, Sherlock was too much of an arrogant ass to have suicidal tendencies. There must be something that we're not seeing. Something forced his hand and I want to find out what it was. Not only that, but let's not forget John. There is only one way that he could have been allowed to reenlist. Someone high up called in a few favors and I bet you anything that someone was Mycroft Holmes. He's the only one with the political clout and high-level clearance with a vested interest. I don't know whether to thank him or strangle him." Molly raised an eyebrow, but remained otherwise silent. She suspected that Greg would dig deeper and was debating what to say about it.
Greg was unable to mask his confusion as he stared into John's tortured gaze. John's eyes were blue and his aura shimmered softly with white light. Greg could feel the pull of holy magic infusing through him as his relic worked quickly, impossibly so, to restore what power Greg had used. How? Greg's eyes drifted down to his relic, which John held gently in his hands, which glowed with brilliant white light. Holy magic, it was pouring from John and into Greg using the relic as a conduit. Greg closed his eyes feeling his holy magic being restored. "Greg, you're a median? You can soul gaze?" John asked in a soft voice. Greg nodded unable to calm his racing heart. He was still unable to believe the sight before him. In a matter of moments, John had shifted from dark to light. John continued his questioning ignoring Greg's shock and confusion. "What has become of my grace? Do I still have a soul? If I die, will I cease to exist or will I be sent straight to the bowels of hell?" Greg could glimpse a hint of fangs as John sighed softly looking at Greg with agonized uncertainty.
There had been more to the conversation than that, but Sherlock was not about to go into all of it with John. The Succubus, the same one that had enchanted the weeping statue, was now targeting priests. Lestrade had been furious when Sherlock had approached him about it.
"He will never hurt you," Mycroft had said, and he knows then what he meant.
"I suggested you listen to him, witch or you will end up much worse off than your lover." John claimed in a voice that was cold and detached. It lack any form of emotion and was without inflection. Sherlock could not repress the chill that ran down his spine as he looked at John's flat affect. "Sleep!" He commanded and Anthea dropped unconscious to the ground besides Mycroft. Sherlock looked down at the three of them. Mycroft, Lestrade and Anthea all unconscious on the floor, and completely helpless. John moved towards Lestrade stooping over his supine form. He sniffed the crook of his neck and sighed as his fangs elongated. "Hungry." He whispered. Sherlock felt his heart race as panic overtook him. No! He had to stop it.
"Sherlock's dead, Moll's, what does that have to do with John?" Greg asked his mind running through a few different scenarios.
"Nay, the bitch got around my runes and I wasn't wearing my ward. It doesn't make sense. I banished a soul eater a few days ago without any trouble, this should have been child's play. Something doesn't add up." Lestrade admitted in a frustrated voice causing Sherlock to frown. Even without the ward, the runes should have kept her out. Sherlock thought back to their interaction. There was something he was missing. The succubus must have had help. She had been nude but for a small necklace. The tear shaped pedant contained a small amount of blood. Vampire. Their blood was powerful and had a number of uses. Depending on the preparation it could be used to enthrall, heal or enchant. It may have been how she had gotten around the wards. While vampires could not be in the presence of crucifixes, they had no affect on demons. If they had worked together, they were able to accomplish much more.
"John." He said breaking the silence.
"Afghanistan or Iraq?" The man glanced at him expectantly.
"I can't tell you the how's and why's of it, but it has happened. Don't shoot the messenger. Do you want the number?" Greg replied not about to listen to a lecture from an absentee family member. Where the hell had she been when John was suffering after Sherlock's death?
They had eventually caught the Kelpie and since then Molly had lost track of the number of cases that she had assisted with. She was pulled from her thoughts by a text alert. Be on the lookout for a succubus. More information to come-SH
"But his light…his blood…I need it." John trailed off looking torn. At the mention of Greg's light, Sherlock eyes moved to the holy water font that still contained a small amount of the water that Greg had blessed and anointed with his own blood, which was still glowing softly, infused with Greg's light and holy magic.
"If you say so, Mr. 'omles." The boy replied. "Ta for the tea and biscuits." He then let himself out leaving John once again stunned.
"Oh, they are doing much more than that." Sherlock trailed off in voice laced with implication.
Before Greg can press her, Harriet interjected. "Whatever it is you know, you had better spill it or you'll be sorry. You're looking at a woman with nothing to lose."
He rose to the rank of Captain while serving as a full combatant in Afghanistan before getting shot and medically discharged. Penchant for danger, indeed. By the end of his military career, John Watson had become more of a soldier than a doctor. Mycroft had little doubt that this time around, John would insist that he be placed in combat on the battlefield. Mycroft could only hope that he would survive long enough for Sherlock to finish his mission and plan his reemergence. It would be criminal to have saved John Watson from himself only to see him killed in action before Sherlock's return.
"You jealous?" She asked with a glance in John's direction.
Greg then pulled the relic from around his neck and placed it around John's. Before John could protest, the pendant fell over his heart and was followed quickly by a wave of vertigo causing his vision to tunnel in and out. John heaved as his stomach twisted painfully as the hunger rose and ebbed completely before finally settling. John closed his eyes as his head swam barely holding on to consciousness as holy magic spread over him. He felt the priest's fingers ghost over his forehead gently making the sign of the cross. "In nomine patris, et filii et spiritus sancti. Per quem haec omnia, Domine, semper bona creas, sanctificas, vivificas, benedicis, et praestas nobis." In the name of the father and of the son and the Holy Ghost. By whom, O Lord, Thou dost always create, sanctify, quicken, bless and bestow upon us all of these good things." Greg's weak voice faded in and out before John fell unconscious after the priest removed his fingers.
"Definitely, enjoying it." Sherlock replied. "Just remember, brother, if I die then the mission will never be completed."
Chapter 31
"Very good." John insisted a hint of pride in his voice.
Mycroft’s head snapped up and his nostrils flared. He cut Sherlock off with a command. “Attic! Now! You’re presenting, lock the door and don’t come out until it is over. I’ll be in the basement.”
Nowhere to Run
"That, my son, remains to be seen." It was that same night that Greg learned the truth about the world and about the evils that lay hidden in the shadows and the few that hunted them.
"How did you know I'd come here?" Mary demanded. Sherlock looked her straight in the eye and answered in a cold voice.
“I’m not angry with you, I’m angry at the world.” Mycroft assured. “None of this is fair, but we must make the best of it.”
Carpe Diem
"Just as I thought, they're enchanted with demonic wards which hide their true meaning. I'm sorry I can't tell you more. Only the demon who made them, or someone skilled in black magic can break the enchantment." John Watson said as he leaned on his cane as he got up.
Emotions rose from the depth of his soul. Denial, then hope, then joy and finally rage. “SHERLOCK!” John screamed. The shout did what John intended it to and woke the man.
Chapter 9
Chapter 4
“You know there are things I’m not at liberty to discuss.”  Mycroft said cutting Greg off. Truthfully, Greg was surprised that he had disclosed anything at all.
Meet me at the pool, where little Carl died. John Watson is definitely in danger. Come and play. The text came through an unknown number onto Sherlock's mobile. Sherlock swallowed as he recalled the Carl Powers. He had been killed when Sherlock was just a boy himself. He had been so sure it had been murder, but lacked the proof. The police had ruled it a drowning, but even at Sherlock's tender age, he had known better. The boy had been captain of the swim team. There was no way that he had drowned. There were other things amiss. His shoes had been missing and had never been found. It seemed as though a 20 odd year old mystery was coming back to haunt him.
When he goes back down, everything is right where he left it. He can only conclude that nothing that he has ever tried to leave in the Shadow Room before belonged there, with the exception of the one memory he cannot control. As he reviews what he knows, he tugs a few stray threads to shake down his emotional processing. Somewhere between the crisscross of jealousy and resentment and petty anger, everything falls into place.
(Thanks be to God)
"Detective?" John asked disbelief coloring his words.
"A vow." Father answered. Greg raised an eyebrow prompting him to continue. "And an oath of loyalty. Gregory, have you ever considered joining the priesthood? There is an ancient order, which has nearly been forgotten. I am one of the few that remain." Greg couldn't hold back a laugh because, frankly, the idea was absurd. Greg become a priest? Greg couldn't think of anyone less qualified for that calling than him.
By the time he settles; the cries have faded. He closes his eyes and lets the memory pull him under. Memories from a childhood long forgotten; when Sherlock still had a bit of innocence and naivety.
Chapter 1
"You need to focus!" Molly shouted in frustration feeling helpless knowing that nothing would stop Sherlock from going to the end of the earth for John, not even the threat of death. She offered an olive branch sensing a losing game when she saw one. "What can I do?"
"Changling, yes." Sherlock confirmed with a wave of his hand.
Greg coughed and pulled himself from his musing. He had work to do. He had been called upon to investigate a weeping statue, which the people had proclaimed to be a miracle that had been drawing a small but steady pilgrimage. Greg wished that he had been called sooner, the church had only decided that it was worth investigating after a number of people committed suicide within the statue's presence. Greg looked around the empty church. The alter was still stained with the blood of one of the victims. The blood splatter from the gunshot arched up onto the large crucifix. This was no miracle, of that much he was certain, there was something unnatural afoot, however. What it was exactly, he couldn't say. The marble statue of the Virgin Mary stood with blood stained tear tracks running down its full length that blood pooled at the feet. Greg ran his finger down one of the trails and whispered "Hic est sanguinis mei." This is my blood. The blood turned black. No miracle, quite the opposite. Below the puddle, the familiar Latin phrase Lux in Tenebris was spelled out in blood. Light in darkness. Ancient runes surrounded the statue. Greg squinted and studied them but couldn't place their origin or translate them. That was unusual. Greg had a knack for languages and it was very rare for him to come across something that he couldn't at least partially translate. He moved towards the holy water font and scooped up a palm full. He splashed it over the runes causing them to smoke and sizzle as the smell of brimstone filled the air. "Demon," Greg murmured under his breath as he glanced around warily clutching the heavy beads of his rosary made of pure silver, which lay concealed within the folds of his cassock.
Sherlock's stomach tightened painfully. He knew what he should do. Stake him. End it now, before John rose. Newly turned vampires were feral, ruled only by their insatiable hunger. Many were willing to attack anything, even other vampires, in their search for blood. It was why they were isolated and caged in the beginning, often by their own sires and fed until they were able to learn more control. It took time and coaching for them to learn to control their instincts. The thought of seeing John like that made Sherlock sick. He knew what he needed to do, but as he looked into John's slumbering face, he knew couldn't do it. He picked up his phone and dialed. "Brother mine…I need your help." Sherlock begged unable to stop his voice from breaking as the tears ran down his face.
“I’d say that’s why they call you the Iceman, but the thing is--I know that isn’t real. It’s just a front you put up, and so is this. You’re afraid. I cant say for sure what it is that you are afraid of, but I know its true.”
John Watson
Hoc est Bellum
Finish it. He thought as he plowed on. He slit his thumb deeply on the sharp edge of the crucifix of his silver rosary that pulsed brightly as it was infused with Greg's light. As his blood welled up, Greg allowed the heavy droplets to fall into the holy water font staining the holy water red. It shimmered softly casting a soft glow now also infused with his light. The wind howled as the rain beat against the stained glass windows. Out of the corner of his eye, Greg caught a flash of movement on the buttresses. The Gargoyles were awakening. They sensed the darkness stirring. Greg nearly stopped. This was a tightrope walk. The light and dark were doing battle within John and Greg was unsure which would emerge triumphant.
Molly’s voice floats up “You always say such terrible things.” Sherlock’s chest tightens as he recalls his missteps. “You have to control the pain.” Pain; love is painful. It is a lesson that Sherlock learned the hard way.
"God damn it" Harry hissed angrily.
Murray looked at John's face, which had fallen into an unreadable mask. Murray couldn't blame him for his skepticism. After all, he hadn't wanted to believe it at first either. Murray debated about how much more to say. What was coming for him…it was all speculation…but Murray knew his time was close. It was already starting and he would be taken and never seen again. "I'm not crazy. You have no idea how much I wish that this was all a crazy nightmare that I would wake up from, but it's the truth."
"No! You don't understand. I didn't kill them! I swear it. I was looking for the one who did." Molly insisted as the priest roughly pulled her hands behind her binding them with his silver rosary causing her to hiss in pain as the silver burned her flesh.
"Then the rules are wrong." Sherlock retorted receiving a roll of the eyes from John. Before they could continue the argument, the bell rang interrupting them.
"No, John! You keep it. You'll need it. You're about to wage an epic battle and need all the help that you can get." John sighed and looked at Greg with tired eyes before replying.
"Yes! Redemption. What of redemption? Forgiveness? He still has free will! He can choose his own path. Purity, temperance, generosity, integrity, composure, charity, humility." Sherlock insisted as he listed the seven holy virtues. But the words lacked confidence. Molly sighed unsure of what to say. Sherlock had a point. There was still light in John and his free will was still present. He had not been enthralled, but it would be an uphill battle. Was it even safe to allow John to wage it?
"Excellent, Ms. Coulter. May I call you Anthea? It offers more anonymity." He asked. She nodded wondering just what she was getting herself into.
"Pity, we could have split the proceeds while you fed him false intel. It would have been perfect." Sherlock lamented. John frowned unsure whether or not Sherlock was serious. Just as John was about to start putting the groceries away, there came a knock at the door.
Anthea looked at him cautiously seeming to consider his warning before pulling out her mobile and calling a car. Greg sighed in relief. As the black sedan pulled up to the church, Anthea looked back at him and stated. "You haven't heard that last of this."
(Guilty Mind)
The package is in transit. Retrieval may be necessary.
Sherlock shook his head causing his head to spin. He hadn’t wanted to but Moriarty had forced his hand.
The memories then came flooding back. Moriarty, the pool, and the bite. Turning, he was turning. But John was missing something. There shouldn't be any grace left in him, he should have fallen to the darkness completely. John looked up and met Mycroft's steady gaze. He was still holding Greg's bloody rosary. It hurt John's eyes to look at it directly; he could only peer at it for a moment. John caught a glimpse of Greg's still form behind him. What had happened? Everything after the bite was a complete blank. For a moment, John thought the priest to be dead, but when he concentrated he could hear Greg's steady heart beat. "John, do you understand my words?" Mycroft asked for a third time as he held a wand, which pulsed with magic and power ready to strike him down. Let him do it, part of him thought. John would never earn all of his grace back now. He wasn't quite a vampire, yet no longer an angel. He was something else entirely. A strange unnamed creature stuck in limbo between the darkness and the light.
John Watson was dead. The weakest and most immoral part of himself was still there, because he was still alive, but he was just an empty shell, a former shadow of the solider and physician who had protected the crown. He had fallen and was now defeated and powerless. He should have ended it when he had the chance. A pair of blue eyes opened in a pitch-black room, but there were not any emotions in them. Those eyes were empty. He was empty. Death, he prayed for it, yet it still remained elusive.
"How did you…" John trailed off as the ID was handed back to Sherlock.
"Mycroft, you have eyes and ears everywhere. There's also the landlady, Mrs. Hudson and don't forget the priest, Lestrade. That man is much more powerful than he appears. It makes me wonder if he might have Fay blood in him as well. He's capable of much more than a simple blessing or exorcism." Anthea surmised with a small frown as she contemplated the mysterious priest.
“Easy boy, let them get settled.” Greg murmured as he gave the hound a stroke behind the ears. Greg then gave them both an intense stare before speaking again.
"Can't eat too much whilst on a case, it slows the transport." Sherlock insisted. "I have to run the game is on." Sherlock thanked Angelo and quickly departed making his way on foot to Baker's Street leaving a trail of garlic rolls in his wake. As Sherlock predicted the bloodhound appeared lured by the scent as Sherlock was nearing Baker's Street.
"We're hunters. Lestrade is one of the few remaining knights of the honor guard and I'm Sherlock Holmes and I've been hunting for nearly my whole life. We are very good, but we are always on the look out for those willing to help; those that choose the light over the darkness." Sherlock replied finally answering her question.
“Torture is never right. As a society, we must condemn it.” Mycroft said; the words rang false, however.
(Bad times are upon us)
"You could have solved it, Sherlock. You would have tested the blood. It would have just taken you longer. I only saved you some time." John said ignoring Sherlock's question and turning to Greg.
Quis custodiet ipsos custodes?
"Quite so, I'm afraid." Sherlock confirmed pulling his bow across the strings harshly causing the violin to screech. John winced and grit his teeth. Bloody hell. "Did he ask you to spy on my for money?" Sherlock asked.
As John moved through the crowded sidewalk intending to walk the rest of the way back to Baker's Street, he paused for a moment stepping into the alley to check his phone in case Greg had any new information. As he opened his messages, he heard something, and as he turned around to look for the source of the sound, John felt the sting of the needle as the syringe was emptied. His vision swam and the last thing he saw was a pale face with dark eyes and dark hair and as the man spoke John caught a glimpse of fangs peeking out from his lips. Vampire. He was likely the same one that was connected to Irene Adler. "I don't know what Sherlock Holmes sees in you. You're ordinary." John succumbed to the drug before he could reply slipping into unconsciousness.
Molly moved like a wraith as she finally approached Sherlock in the market. Her eyes widened in surprise as she took in his haggard appearance. It was the first time that she had seen him since the fall and he was barely recognizable. His hair was dull and limp; his normally lithe frame was now emaciated. Dark circles stood out under his eyes, but the most striking change were the eyes themselves. Gone was the cold calculation and in its place was pain and heartache. John Watson had done what Molly had thought impossible capture Sherlock's heart. Her jaw dropped in shock as she glanced beside Sherlock and staring back at her was Irene Adler.
"Are you serious?" John asked as he stared at Sherlock in disbelief.
"Bit long in the tooth for this?" The young recruit asked with a teasing wink.
Silence stretched on for a few moments. At last he said, “This upsets you.”
"You were right. I'm not OK." Sherlock whispered in a voice that shook with emotion. "I need to know what happened to John. I have to look, but I think I'm going to die. I need you, if I go missing…"
"Werewolf." Sherlock said causing the man to turn deathly pale whether it was due to shock or anger was hard for John to judge. John grit his teeth biting his tongue unsure why Sherlock would be so blunt with a human.
"Please! My hips, I think I have a broken pelvis." John begged.
"As long as necessary." Mycroft answered coldly. Sherlock sneered and spat an angry retort.
"SAS." She prompted as her other hand moved towards his throat. The man's eyes widened as he began to realize that Irene was not what she first appeared to be and that perhaps he was in over his head. "Where are the SAS troops?" She insisted. He shook his head and insisted.
"Stake him." He insisted causing Sherlock's blood to run cold. No, there had to be something. Anything. He would try anything.
He couldn't think. Mycroft's words bubbled up. Narrow it down. Sherlock grit his teeth in frustration. Time was running out. He needed to clear his head. God, he missed his violin. It was a Stradivarius, crafted by Antonio Stradivari himself. The instrument had been in Mummy's family for generations. It had been gifted to his great great grandfather, Horace Vernet in exchange for one of his paintings. It had been passed down from generation to generation coming into his possession with Mummy's death. Sherlock sighed as he remembered when had first glimpsed the instrument in the music room instinctively sensing its beauty and unique quality. That is a very special instrument, mon cher. Mummy had murmured to him as she brought it to him to inspect. It is still a bit too large for you to learn on. We will start with a smaller one. Sherlock had insisted that he wanted to learn on that instrument. Mummy had looked closely at his hands and decided to indulge him.
“Not an underground network, John.” Sherlock said in a voice slightly above a whisper. Paranoia? John still couldn’t tell. For this god forsaken place was where nightmares came from.
Appearances can be Deceiving
Perhaps Sholto hadn't called him here to discipline him. No, that wasn't his intention. He wanted the full story that much was sure, but it wasn't to make his life miserable. The man was knew what it was like to have a death wish and could see himself in John. He wanted to save him. John didn't quite know what to make of that.
“I doubt that will be an issue. We are literally being forced into extinction.” Mycroft snarled causing Sherlock to cower. Mycroft’s sudden anger vanished seemingly as quickly as it had appeared. “I’m sorry, Lock. I didn’t mean it. I’m overdue to cycle off it’s been 18 months since my rut. Bloody hormones.” Sherlock jumped out of the chair and moved towards Mycroft slipping his arms around his brothers neck nuzzling into his neck and allowing Mycroft to do the same. Even unpresented, his pheromones would help to calm his brothers distress as he would smell of family.
"I'll put things in motion, but I can't make any promises." Irene replied.
Greg Lestrade
"Ta, John." Greg said before hanging up. John sighed and ran his fingers through his hair in frustration feeling torn. He closed his eyes for a few minutes debating what to say to Sherlock. He opened them when he felt the vehicle slow to a stop and realized that they had arrived at Baskerville.
“It’s your Mum, John. She’s in a bad way.  She’s in the operating theater at King’s after a car accident.” John shook his head. No! It couldn’t be. His Da was gone killed in action in Belfast during the troubles when he was just a baby and Harry a toddler. He and Harry were just 10 months apart. Irish twins his mother had always joked. His father’s parents had passed away long before John and Harry were born and his mother’s parents had disowned her when his Da presented as Alpha. It hadn’t mattered to them that he had presented in his twenties which was almost unheard of. Nearly all presented by the age of 18. They had married young both just 18 and his mother hadn’t known that Da’s father was an Alpha who married a beta. “There’s a cab waiting to take you to the hospital, son.” His coach said softly pulling John from his thoughts. John nodded numbly as he was led away from the pitch.
"Always good to have someone watching your back." John agreed still wondering if the dog was only trained for tracking. The question slipped out before he thought better of it. "Will he attack on command?" Jones winced before answering.
Sherlock had enough to go on now, but there was something that he had to do first. The cause of Billy's death was exsanguination. The only wounds were two puncture marks over the carotid artery. While the Met was at a loss, Sherlock knew exactly what had killed the boy. A vampire, very likely the same vampire involved with the succubus that Lestrade had just banished, Irene Adler. It was all connected somehow, but what was the link? Sherlock was determined to find out. He felt a flare of guilt over the boys' death. If Sherlock had not asked him for information regarding Adler, then he would likely still be alive. The vampire would pay for that, Sherlock would make sure of it. Sherlock hailed a cab and went in search of the hound named Toby. The dog never left the boy's side and Sherlock was not about to let the animal fall by the wayside.
“What will we do, Myc?” Sherlock asked as he nuzzled into Mycroft’s underarm scenting without thought causing Mycroft to stiffen and pull back.
"First, this wreaks of the occult and second Lestrade is too valuable an asset to lose." He explained with a flip of his wrist.
Irene’s  voice joins the chorus. “Emotional context, Sherlock.” Sherlock chokes back a sob as he recalls John’s horror as he took in Sherlock’s words as he stood on the roof of St. Bart’s. “That’s what people do, isn’t it? Leave a note?”
“One cannot hide from Mycroft Holmes.” Sherlock replied seriously glancing at John with a pleading look. John frowned before sighing deeply.
"He knows Greg. I didn't tell him, but he knows. I'll meet him, you stay here." She insisted. Greg opened his mouth clearly ready to argue, but Molly cut him off before he could get a word out. "No, Greg. Before you even say it, I have to do this alone. It's my fault. I have to make it right. Greg closed his mouth and grit his teeth seething. "I'll be careful." She promised leaving him looking helpless and frustrated. She knew the feeling and could sympathize, but needs must.
In the interim, Sherlock tries to piece it all together, only to have it fall apart in his hands. He senses he’s missing something obvious. It frustrates him not knowing whether he’s missing one big piece or many small pieces.
Non timebo Mala
Sherlock
"I'll give it to you, but first a word of warning, don't go digging for things that are better left buried. You may not like what you find. Mycroft Holmes is not to be crossed." Greg warned seriously before giving her the number.
If she encouraged him to let it go, it may point the finger in her direction and further fuel his conspiracy theories. But if she encouraged him to investigate, there was always the possibility that he may stumble upon information that he was never meant to discover. Sherlock's death must remain unquestioned for both his own safety and in order to safeguard his mission. Molly was only brought into the inner circle as a last resort and though she worried about John; he was not the main focus. Sherlock must dismantle Moriarty's web. That was what had been repeated to her over and over. Though Molly suspected that Dr. Watson meant more to Sherlock than anyone suspected, and that if something happened to him then Sherlock may do something drastic. What that action would be remained up for debate, but Molly was sure that it would not beneficial to the mission to take down Moriarty's web.
"I have complete faith in you. The training starts next week. It's been an honor John." James assured confidently but his eyes couldn't completely mask his sadness.
"Unscheduled." Sherlock said as he buzzed the man into the building. He was human and that caused John to pause and look to Sherlock for guidance. Sherlock gave John a quick nod as he let the man in.
Mary Morstan looked at the file that had just been delivered. AGRA had just acquired a new assignment, one that, at first glance made little sense. It would require her to go deeply undercover into the Afghan desert in order to infiltrate the ranks of the British army and keep watch over the newly reenlisted solider by the name of John Watson. She was not to kill him. Quite the opposite, she was employed to keep him alive until told otherwise. She was to be neither seen nor heard, but to remain a ghostly bodyguard to a seemingly inconsequential man. It seemed a waste, at least in her opinion, to pay AGRA's substantial fee keeping this man alive, but she was not paid to contemplate the reasons behind her orders, but rather to follow them without question. As she looked over John Watson's un-redacted file, she was surprised at what she found. She could not help but feel a begrudging respect for a man that she had yet to see for the first time.
He had awoken on the battlefield in Afghanistan with a bullet in his shoulder amongst utter chaos. Bill Murray's voice echoed in his mind. Hold on, John! He had looked into Murray's worried eyes as he squinted against the sun's blinding rays as gunfire rained down upon them and sand kicked up causing the scene to become hazy giving it an almost dreamlike appearance. He could recall with stunning clarity the sound of his own harsh breathing and the erratic pounding of his own heartbeat echoing in his ears as Murray applied pressure to gunshot wound on John's shoulder as his life's blood stained the sand red. John wondered if Murray would be the last thing that he would ever see. John could remember moaning in pain and praying and calling out. "Please, God let me live." Why cast him out and down to earth only to allow him to die? Was this not supposed to act as a test; a way to earn back his all of his grace and if he was good enough, maybe, just maybe, earn back his place in heaven when death finally came for him? His wings were gone for all eternity, but his soul could still be saved. John's back burned as a living tattoo formed in the shape of his wings, a constant reminder of that which he could never hope to have again.
"I find it ironic that you're posing as a priest, when we have Greg at our disposal, though I suspect that you've burned a bridge with this case in that regard." John said as he took in Sherlock in a Cossack and roman collar. The look on John's face was easy to read. The sight boggled the mind, such a contradiction. Sherlock scoffed and sighed.
Henry Knight sat in front of them telling his story. Sherlock couldn't stop interrupting trying to hurry him along. "What killed your father?" Sherlock asked bluntly.
"You have my word, nothing in that report will be disclosed. I need to find him Molly, even if he's dead. I need to bring him home." Sherlock promised sincerely. Molly sighed praying that she wouldn't regret this. Mycroft Holmes was not to be crossed.
“I didn’t call it that.” Greg struggled to backtrack.
"Bit not good. Yeah, Sherlock." John agreed with an exasperated sigh.
"Not a kill shot?" Moran demanded unable to keep the anger out of his voice. He breathed a sigh of relief as Holmes was confirmed to be in serious but stable condition. Holmes needed to live. Moran wasn't done with him, not even close. He had gone to a lot of trouble capturing John Watson and forcing treatments on him. Much to his surprise, Watson had lived though it and transitioned to Omega. It was the one unknown with the experimental treatments and a source of constant frustration. They couldn't control which subjects transitioned to Alpha and Omega. Much to their annoyance there seemed to be an equal chance about 51% of subjects transitioned to Alpha while 49% transitioned to Omega. Pity, Watson would have been a spectacular Alpha. With his military training, he would have been a perfect soldier for their growing ranks. Not the point, Moran reminded himself. Watson was the lure for Holmes. Sherlock Holmes was the end game and the ultimate prize. James Moriarty's death would be avenged.
John Watson
John cleared his throat and asked. "I'm sorry?"
Greg was pulled from his thoughts by Molly's voice. "Greg that's not true. He's closer to you than to anyone else." Molly insisted. Well that certainly wasn't saying much. Greg's thoughts briefly drifted to the mysterious Dr. Watson. There was something about him that Greg was missing. He was sure of it. He made a mental note to ask
