Taking a deep breath, he knocked once, and watched it hiss open. Of course, Steve was sat on his desk, just as expected.
“You’re okay.” Steve said confidently, closing his eyes and tilting his head back to the sky. “I’ve given you a mild strain. It’s designed to kick-start your internal system. Help your hard drive as you’d say.”
Or so he'd thought. Tony still remembered the way Steve had looked after he’d taunted him like that.
Pleased, Zeke hummed in acknowledgement and looked around. The cavern was empty and the corridors leading to the other members’ rooms were unlit. They had been the only ones awake at this time of night.
“Hey.” Clint paused his check and stood in front of him again. “He’s gonna be alright. You know he is.”
“God Steve, I’m sorry, I’m so sorry.” Tony heaved, and pushed himself up on shaking hands until he was bending forward over the duvet and feeling his stomach twist. He was nauseous and hot and felt like the world’s worst person for what he’d done. He’d tainted Steve. He’d ruined him all because he was so desperate for his love, even if it was only for his body-
“If you’re wondering if anyone’s noticed, the answer is yes.” Maria chimed, taking a casual sip, as if Tony wasn’t getting completely exposed.
The dark grey clay under his feet was becoming more blue and crumbly as he walked. Beneath it, slow tendrils of smoke swirled outwards from the cracks, almost curling around him tantalizingly. The mist was sinking lower and becoming a bigger obstacle for walking. Luckily nothing was on the ground to make him trip-
His mom had once said that the bigger the mark the stronger the bond and the stronger the bond, the stronger the love. And that was a lot-
you.” Steve cut him off sharply with a fierce glint in his eye. “I do care about you. More than you know.”
Tony is given a full recount of what happened. Apparently he was fighting a group of Hydra agents who had attempted to attack Shield’s New York station when one of them had blasted him out of the sky. He’d taken a heavy fall and Captain America and the others had called for medical and finished up the fight. And there the team had discovered the news.
Steve seemed reluctant to say much, shooting glances at the others for help. When none came, he sighed.
Steve’s eyes glistened but he didn’t say a word, instead clenching his jaw and swallowing. It was then that Tony realized-
"Taking out the biggest one. Head towards it and you'll see Carol and Thor flying. I'm on the ground."
“Yes. Nat and Sam ribbed me for it so much. I got a few shovel talks too but we all agreed that was fair.”
“I didn’t know what else to do...” Tony croaks and curls up when a contraction hits him again. His whole back feels soaked with sweat and he’s shivering and-
“Well? Aren’t you going to scream at me? Shout? Tell me I’m a monster? You wouldn’t be wrong.” Steve urged him, making something in Tony’s heart ache. Steve shouldn't feel like that-those emotions were reserved for Tony.
"Yeah. Lunch." Tony replied tiredly and raised a brow. "I've done everything Ty gave me for the morning so I'm just heading out for an early lunch."
Just as he approached, he saw the giant claw of the huge robot reach up and aim to crush Steve to the ground. Tony doubled his speed.
“Take him to the punishment room. I don’t want to see him until next week. Maybe then he’ll think twice before speaking like that.”
Hearing the sounds, he frowned and opened the door. To his complete and utter surprise, he heard a familiar voice in the room. Then he saw.
“Yes.” The medic smiled gently. “It’s hard. I get it, my mate had an accident a few years ago. I couldn’t even stand up that day.”
“You’re not any alpha. You’re...you wouldn’t hurt me...” Tony said quietly, and Steve felt something dampen his shirt.
“We’ll see.” Steve said firmly, looking like he had laser focus and was about to commence the most important mission of his life. Nat on the other hand looked incredibly smug andTony nearly wanted to scream. How did they not get it!?
“How did he die?” Steve says through grit teeth and red eyes. His fists clench in the sheets. Maybe he can still do something right after all. “Who killed him?”
He waited for Tony to take a few sips, watching him close his eyes and swallow, like a man who’d been starved for weeks.
Shaken, Tony looked down at the firm pale arm and stared at the claws in awe. Then his wide eyes narrowed at the familiar scent.
It didn’t quite have the effect Tony was hoping for. Instead of getting irritated, the man seemed pleased, a calm and controlled look taking over.
The gold filigree font stared back at him as he rubbed at his mouth in awe. This wasn’t a joke, he’d really been invited.
"It's registered you. You can come in whenever you need to." Steve explained and when Tony just stared at him in shock, Steve winked and gestured to the room.
Through the speakers, Tony heard Pepper sigh and put a pen down. “I guess you’re right. Not totally but-“
“Is it okay if I keep my hand here?” Steve asked and squeezed Tony’s hand gently. His hand was so warm, almost clammy, but Tony didn’t mind. In fact, he kind of liked it.
Norman’s voice shook him out of his thoughts and slowly he stood, balancing with one hand against the wall. His legs shook under him, and there was a wavy edge to his vision. Sounds seemed farther away, an echoing chant he could time to match his pulse in his ears.
Tony wondered if Steve still remembered that. For all the brain deleting he’d done, Tony would never forget the look in Steve’s eyes back then. He’d never felt more important to anyone after that.
It almost bites at Tony. This is a farce. The whole thing is a farce. Tony opens his mouth to speak.
“That’s a low blow, don’t you think?” Tony said quietly, but glared at Ben with eyes that burned with rage. He didn’t come here to be insulted and he didn’t need to take that kind of crap from anyone.
"I never did tell you why I was angry in the first place. If I'd forgiven you." Steve said quietly, and brushed the hair out his eyes gently, making Tony's cheek burn from the touch. "I thought I owed you an explanation."
His neck was roaring with pain, a loud booming in his ears. It was screaming at him to move and sooth the ache. He desperately wanted water, or ice.
“I’m sorry, I’m so sorry Shellhead.” Steve choked and cried into Tony’s dirt caked hair, not able to stop. He sucked in a breath and continued to hide his sobs in Tony’s hair.
Tony froze. For a full minute he just gasped at Steve and Steve watched as all the emotions appeared on his face. Shock, anger, sadness, fear-
Only a few weeks ago he hadn’t cared whether he lived or died. And today he was hoping desperately that he hadn’t just signed his own death warrant.
“What the heck!?” Tony shrieks and yanks the blanket off his shoulders and flings it onto the bed. “I said no funny business, Rogers!”
“Steve...” Tony gasped and sucked in deep breaths before swallowing and tilted his head back to catch his eye. He felt Steve’s hands loosen a fraction as their eyes met in the reflection.
Defeated, Tony turned his eyes to the floor and sighed. What was the point? He’d never get to leave this place alone. Why did he bother to hope?
The truck parked up and soon enough the door swung open. Out stepped a large man with multiple tattoos and piercings and a large smirk on his face. The air around him stank of tobacco and Tony nearly threw up from the stench. God.
“Enough.” Steve stopped him with a hand. But his eyes were fixed on Tony. “What aren’t you telling me?”
"Oh jeez, don't cry Cap." Tony said hoarsely and slowed down his shuffling. "I shouldn't have hidden it from you. I just thought-"
“I’d do anything for you too.” Steve whispered gently and Tony's eyes widened when Steve pressed another kiss to his hair.
He rushes out of the room quickly leaving Rogers and Tony alone. For a moment there’s pin-drop silence.
“That’s right! Ty is one of my oldest and dearest friends so please treat him well. Do you utmost to make him happy, yes?” Zeke chirped and spun on his heel.
He coughed and gagged, desperately trying to scramble onto his feet. The hand on his collar lifted him up and slammed him back down.
“You need to let go.” Steve says calmly over him and folds his arms over his chest like he’s made his decision. “You can’t keep going like this.”
“Goddammit Tony, get out of here! They’ve locked onto you!” Steve yelled and grabbed his wrist tightly with a white-knuckled grip.
He hadn’t slept well because of the nightmares and spending hours trying to decipher Steve’s intentions in the elevator. But he’d managed to reach some semi-lucid state where he’d been resting on the bed, at least trying to get some sleep. When the sun was just starting to rise at six-fifteen in the morning, he heard loud banging coming from the main quarters. Loud banging and howling laughter.
“No. I guess I haven’t. But hell, I thought-“ Steve sighed and blew out a breath, suddenly lowering his volume. “I thought you and I had something special going on.”
“No.” Tony rolled his eyes and clasped his hands together firmly. “It’d be pretty hypocritical to judge.” He shrugged and to his delight, Steve relaxed his shoulders a little.
When he opened his eyes and looked, Steve’s expression had darkened considerably. Those eyes were a deeper gold, and reflected crimson in the light.
Tony blinked and rolled his eyes fondly. “I just told you to choose. C’mon, you want a good steak or something?” Steak for Mr. Muscles, Tony snickered to himself.
Balls crashed everywhere and went flying in an array of colour. Mostly reds and blues with a few yellows. He had to admit, it did look fun.
The Illuminati join Steve in waiting on the landing deck. They’re clearly not as eager as Steve is, but still they come. Some of the Avengers are present too. It almost feels like a reunion.
“I’m not leaving you.” Steve breathes into the space between them and cups Tony’s cheek. “I’ll be here. Remember that.”
A few feet in front of them stood Zeke and Tiberius. Behind them were Whitney and Norman and a few other masked vampires. Blood covered all their body armors like war paint. They'd stocked up.
Tony was yanked out of his thoughts when Steve blew out a breath and spoke. “Are you seeing anyone?”
“You caught me off guard last time. Called me a puppy.” Steve remarked, narrowing his eyes and smiling a little. His scent thrummed pleasantly though and somehow Tony found himself smiling.
That last blow cut right through him. Maybe if his evening had been going better, he would’ve been able to brush it off with a confident smile. Maybe he’d take these comments and lock them in a box and throw away the key until a time where he could sit and mull through them in peace.
If Tony had been better fed the night before, his cheeks would’ve burned with rage. The humiliation felt awful and made Tony want to storm back to his room (not that he actually would but still!). It hadn’t been his fault and yet-
“Oh. I thought maybe you’d...” Tony glanced at the floor, instinctively curling away from all the people who were staring at them and fighting the burn in his cheeks. Something ugly settled in his stomach.
“Waiting for my ride.” Tony decided on, gritting his teeth as he inched back a step. The guy was clearly trouble. Tony didn’t want to spend another second near him.
The lie kept spinning around in his mind like a web trapping his thoughts. He toyed with the idea of the consequences and couldn’t sleep the whole night.
“Do any of us look like we want sloppy seconds?” Some woman in the back muttered and suddenly he was the centre piece to a whole group of laughs. As if they’d been given permission, the gates opened, and with it, their harsh judgement.
“Your trips. These outings, they happen once a week?” Steve asked quietly from his right hand side and Tony eyed him silently. They kept walking in a straight line but Tony got the feeling Steve had planned the long route.
“Norman, is that everyone?” Zeke practically bounced across the room, body exuding that confidence he was known for.
His head lolls to the side. Hands grip his wrist tight as his eyes fall shut and voices get louder and more frantic.
Tony turns to Rogers and tilts his head curiously. Rogers has settled into a military stance, as if he’s prepared for what Tony’s gonna ask. Like he’s gearing to fight.
He sifted his fingers through Tony’s strands. “It is always good to see you too my precious pet. It’s a blessing. Have you fed?”
“Two whiskeys coming right up. I prefer the hard stuff. Puts the iron in your back.” He said with a wink.
“That’s it. Wake up for me, that’s it.” Steve ordered him gently, feeling a weight lift of his shoulders when Tony groaned and opened his eyes. They didn’t really focus until Steve leaned closer to check in case they were still hazy, but thankfully, when Tony caught sight of him, he seemed to follow him.
“Good. Then I’m proud of you. You did well for your first day.” Zeke commented tiredly and tossed the book on the bed, reaching up to massaging his temples. “At least something went well.”
“No I don’t.” Tony scowled, feeling too heavy to lift his head. This moron obviously didn’t know the first thing about him. Work was the only thing he was good for now.
And Steve knew he thought that. He knew Tony genuinely thought this was right. But that didn’t mean Steve saw it that way.
“Good. Ben, can you show Stark around? Show him the main quarters and labs. Don’t forget the cafeteria and showers.”
“You know, we don’t have to talk about it. Since we already know how it’s gonna turn out.” Tony said lightly, even though Steve could see his fists clench in his lap.
“I do. But they don’t know. I’m keeping them safe.” And Tony could hear Steve smiling as he spoke. “Besides. It’s not like I can stop them. My soulmate has plenty of spark, I don’t even think it’s surprising.”
They agree to try this for a few weeks. The deal is that Tony spends equal time with them both in the hopes that either he’ll remember or something will give.
It was the right time. Iron man was laughing and happy and completely at ease. Steve had to ask now.
Tony’s eyes were duller, and with that bruise on his face he looked so much more vulnerable. He looked more tired. That brightness was missing. His spark was gone.
“Thor and I will move the asteroids out. If you can bring the quinjet in, we’ll try to land. We think the air is actually breathable. Readings are showing oxygen levels are thirty percent with nitrogen levels at sixty. Other measurements are similar to earth.”
“Don’t do this.” Tony breathed, feeling his hands start to shake. Steve’s hands simply tightened a fraction around his neck. His eyes tracked him with laser focus.
A message came through on the screen within seconds and Tony pulled it up and yup, those were definitely the robots.
“Sorry, are you seriously gonna tell us that your beauty sleep is more important than what we all want to do? You gotta be kidding me.”
Instead of answering, Steve began to strip his shirt off. Today he was wearing that khaki and plain shirt combo of his, which detracted from his amazing build so when he took his shirt off-
His hand wrapped around Zeke’s neck swiftly and suddenly he had Zeke scrambling on the ground, hands shoving against Tony’s desperately. Tony knelt above him and looked down at him coldly.
There is a party being thrown tomorrow. Odd since Steve can’t imagine being happy right now. But the younger members of the Avengers want to throw it in celebration of managing to end it all, and the older members feel it’ll boost morale. But that’s not all.
“I’m changing tailors.” Steve said with a grumble, expression turning stormier by the second. Not that Tony had a clue why.
“Where’s Rogers?” Fury said, making eye contact with Maria once before running his eye over Tony carefully. If Tony didn’t know any better, he’d say Fury was concerned. Maria didn’t say a word but slipped away with a determined look.
Shaking his head a little, he tilted the suit to check the back before blowing out a breath and nodding. He could do this. He would do this.
“I’m not upset that we’re bonded. That we’re...mates.” Tony said quietly, realizing it was the truth. “You didn’t hurt me-“
At that, Strange does turn and look at him with empty eyes. “He blew up an entire planet, Captain Rogers. When none of us could.”
He feels Steve shuffle behind him, and suddenly two huge arms come around him fully and support him. Larger hands cover his own while he cradles the baby. Heat from Steve’s huge body floods his skin.
When he turned and looked down from the roof, he saw the man staring back at him with a frown. Then he took a step forward and Tony took that as his cue to leave.
“Steve?” Tony asked but Steve just clamped his mouth shut and shook his head, gently turning Tony around until he could see his back. Then he just stopped.
As requested, the door slid open behind him and Maria and her team went. Tony felt his palms start to sweat as the door slid shut again.
“Yeah okay. Just checking you’re awake.” He looks around the room and hums. Then his eyes settle on the shield on Roger’s back.
Tony is left to consider what he should do next. Then someone puts things into perspective and things get better.
“If I may sir.” Norman suddenly stepped forward, looking as calm as ever. “That area will need someone to check over it from time to time. Whitney is far more useful on these excursions than in the cavern. She suits the outside more.”
, and underneath it was a short description of a speech the Captain gave last night, declaring he would stand, not just for humankind, but also any creature that was feeling threatened in the city. The details came to a stop where the page had been torn diagonally.
“Very well Captain. I agree that it is best to look. Have caution.” Thor replied and with a final nod, began to run in the opposite direction. Steve was alone for now.
“I need to take care of something.” Tony mumbled and trudged away, doing his best not to feel the sting of hurt with each taunt he heard. With his back turned, he steeled his expression as he walked away.
Once, he'd imagined a sparring session would end up with him pinned under Steve. And Steve would hold him and maybe tease him and Tony would hold onto that image like a lifeline.
“You sure about that?” Because Tony still wasn’t sure. And he still didn’t know why he was going instead of say, Natasha.
“Ladies and gentlemen, if I could have your attention! The president is about to give his speech so if you could all take your seats, we will begin shortly!”
Steve tried to say something but Tony held a shaky hand up to stop him. He had to catch his breath first and his mind really needed to stop because all it was thinking about was-
The shop-keeper-a brown haired, pudgy looking man-just scowls at him. He wrinkles his nose and tilts his chin up.
“Why the Captain’s news of course!” Thor beamed but frowned a little when he pulled back and saw Tony’s expression. “You don’t know?”
“Tony?” Steve laughs nervously. “Shellhead. I know it’s a bad time but maybe...maybe we could talk?”
“That’s Peter. He’s a budding journalist although the guy he works for is an idiot. Keeps making fun of my outfit. Although maybe you’d get on with him.” Steve chuckled, shaking his head lightly.
Today he also had a report to deliver to Steve. Not directly of course, since he didn’t want to face him after his encounter with Carol (No doubt they would've spoken), but he’d get his sheet over to Maria and beg her to take it up. He couldn’t handle facing Steve right now, he was so tired.
” He yells and slams his hand on the side of his bed. “How can I be happy!? I don’t want kids! I don’t even have an alpha!”
“It’s getting better. I know it doesn’t feel like it but I promise it is.” Steve explained, tugging Tony towards the bed carefully. He nudged Tony back into place and made a point to re-wrap his clothes around Tony, rubbing his thumb over Tony’s mark every so often. It didn’t hurt when Steve touched it, but it did make Tony shiver.
He needed to be so much more careful. For all that the mutt irritated him, he was a werewolf and could easily make his life a living hell. Wolves tended to work in groups or ‘packs’ and often drew attention to themselves with their large bodies and bad temper.
“Tiberius Stone.” Steve acknowledged, without even a hint of warmth. His voice sounded like it has been cut from granite. Sharp and harsh and unforgiving.
“It doesn’t need to be fancy.” Tony insisted before he could think, and instantly wanted to cringe at how pathetic that sounded. But at least they would be more likely to-
Before anyone could protest, Steve switched to private mode and stood tall. Then he cupped his hands to his mouth and began to shout;
"I wanted to ask you something. About the morning after." Steve broke the silence that had settled between them.  Something in his voice made Tony realize this was important.
“If you dare hurt him while I’m away, I’ll skin you alive.” Steve swears and this time there’s no growling, just Steve making his promise.
Well there was no point dwelling he figured. What was the point? He had a job to do and really, even that was on a timer.
“We’re a team. We look out for each other.” Steve said quietly and there was something sad in his gaze.
Feeling his fangs press against his lips, Tony opened and closed his fists. He took a silent breath and checked his surroundings.
“John, please excuse my ex-boyfriend. Believe it or not, he was just as irritating when we were in a relationship as he is now.” Steve said sadly and John just chuckled.
“No, you’re not listening.” Tony jerked his head up adamantly, feeling something snap. “I don’t have a mate. I don’t even have a mark.”
He hadn’t known about the set mealtimes. It was only when he turned up to the cafeteria and saw the janitors cleaning up, that he found out. And had missed breakfast.
He’d not done well with that. Maybe that was why he hadn’t pulled his punches. Everyone did keep telling him he needed to calm down.
“I know. But we can’t change that. We just have to work around it.” Steve eyed Tony carefully with something like sympathy a.
He hadn't. He hadn't been able to. The very thought of thinking about Steve had paralyzed him. But more than that, the sheer amount of regret and loss and guilt. He'd killed Steve. They'd fought before he died. Steve had died thinking they hated each other when it was only half true. Tony had never had a chance to say goodbye.
Cupping his hand over his neck, he looked around carefully, scanning for a mirror. He spotted the shower, toilet, sink-
“You need to eat. You need the energy.” Steve murmured to himself, taking several of the plain boiled vegetables and putting it in another bowl, this time placing it directly in front of Tony. He’d already blitzed some fruits and so he quickly poured out the blueberry smoothie he’d made, placing that in front of Tony too.
The first flicker of something appeared on Tiberius’ features. His lips didn’t move, but his eyes darkened in color. When he spoke, his voice was cold as ice.
The bottom of his stomach felt like it dropped. He felt mortified, like he'd just told an insensitive joke to the wrong crowd. How could he have just-
“Food. For you.” Steve clapped his hands and pushed the smoothie towards Tony, ignoring Tony’s stunned expression to guide it into his hands. “C’mon, chop chop.”
“Don’t pass out on-okay, okay-easy!” Steve caught his shoulders as he leaned forward and began to puke all over the bed, rancid bile dripping everywhere. Even with nothing in him, he retched, full body tremors that Steve could feel through his palms.
“Cap, go!” Nat yelled and Steve didn’t stop. He ran like his life depended on it. And when Tony was only a few feet away from his outstretched hands-
“Steve...” Tony could hear the medics around him. Could hear the distant sounds of people, a crowd gathering around them watching a scene that was meant for only the closest of couples-Steve was cupping his cheek and telling him his safety was the most important thing to him.
Ben was on the floor clutching at his cheek and whimpering. Steve was standing between them, looking seconds away from murdering someone.
“And between you and me...” He added and pulled back slightly, smiling tiredly, and closed his eyes like there was some joke there that he couldn’t help but laugh at.
We’re a black ops team, Steve! We don’t ditch our missions to just up and leave the first instance our boyfriend goes missing!”
“Jarvis.” Steve said, suddenly struck with an idea. “Save this article and find the reporter. I want their details forwarded to Pepper. Maybe she can look into adding to the PR.”
At that Tony scoffed. “Yeah. Because everyone would jump at the chance to help a dying vampire. They’re obviously human lovers.”
It’s...disappointing. Something aches in his heart at the thought and suddenly he misses Steve with such fierceness that he almost calls for him.
“Do you see? Do you see now?” Steve whispered softly and lay down beside him on the bed, leaning over him carefully. “We’re meant to be. Right from the start.”
Everything was going according to plan. He'd set his sights on the team and he wasn't going to let anyone get hurt. None of them, not one, and nothing would stop him.
Suddenly Peter threw up his hands and collapsed in the chair, blowing out a breath in a way that made Tony snicker. “Only like,
Bowing low, Tony stepped forward and knelt in front of their leader, not wasting even a second since he knew how precious that time was. He would not risk a beating over something as meaningless as pride.
“You care about hurting me. That’s why you’re here even though you should be with Reed. That’s why you’re not arresting me. You care.” Steve acknowledged and gestured towards Tony’s whole body. “That’s why you’re shaking.”
He hopes so. Maybe he’s just imagining it now and that wouldn't surprise him with how exhausted he feels.
A slow smile started to spread on Steve’s lips which stopped him in his tracks. Tony watched as it grew and grew into a full out grin until he looked like a cat that had gotten the cream and Tony was left gaping at his expression. Steve had never smiled at him like that.
“Try not to destroy the house while we’re gone Rogers.” Ty smiles and waves as he follows Tony to his bedroom. Steve doesn’t respond to Ty but does call out him.
Ben was a lean young man with dark hair and an insecurity complex a mile long. With every turn of the corridor, he’d make some new point about the importance of his work in the labs, and how every member had to do their part and each and every one of them was incredibly intelligent and capable. The future, of course.
Steve gave him a look of ‘Aw shucks’, and let his hand drop. He seemed pleased with himself and reminded Tony of that happy dog on the billboard he’d seen weeks ago.
They were having a stand off. The day after his small breakdown (not panic attack, please no) Steve had approached him early in the morning to see how he was doing. Only it had ended in a screaming match.
They’re no where near done. But Tony feels the need to say it. If there’s anything he’s learned, it’s that he doesn’t want Steve to not know.
“Well if you know my situation then there’s no point wasting time.” Tony said dryly, hoping the man couldn’t see the slight tremor in his hand.
“Boy?” He repeated, placing a fragile hand on the chair nearby. For a man who wasn’t that tall, he certainly had presence. A certain gravitas.
The anniversary of the day Steve had stopped Tony from going back to New York. And instead, had told him to stay with him. Little realising it would lead to an almost forever.
Steve kept his palm on Tony’s cheek and swept his thumb over his cheek lightly. Feeling something deep in him relax, Steve sucked in a deep breath and swallowed. For the first time in maybe months, his shoulders relaxed.
Once he put his old clothes back in the suitcase, he left the bathroom with a final nod, and sat down and waited for the flight to take off.
“M’ sorry.” Tony says under his breath, the words soft and faint like a candle blowing out. “M’ sorry f’r not being enough.”
His head spins and the words on his wrist begin to blur out of place. Steve is still lying there between his legs, and suddenly Tony is hit with the desperate need to touch him. He's felt it before, plenty of times but it's important now. It's really important.
All thoughts in Tony’s mind froze. It was like someone had poured a bucket of ice over his head and now he could barely speak. Was that what Steve could see? Was that how he was coming across?
“I know.” Steve fought the urge to smile when Tony drank more enthusiastically. “But you’re pale as a sheet.”
All of a sudden, webs began to fill the air, a curtain descending over the scene as two arachnids in strange uniforms appeared, biting down hard on some of the vampires. Tony watched Norman shriek with rage when Peter clamped down his massive mandible over his shoulder.
“When I saw you in it for the first time, I got so hard, I had to keep facing you. I couldn’t turn around because I was worried the agents would notice.”
Steve as a mess. His gorgeous blue eyes were filled with tears and he looked like he was about to break into pieces. His cheeks were ruddy and his lips trembled. He kept his hands on Tony carefully, and looked at him like he was afraid to let go.
Then Tony registered what he was seeing. The young man was half arachnid, half human, his face, the grey head of some hairy spider with several eyes. His body looked primarily humanoid but several spider legs sprouted from somewhere in his back.
“That’s him alright! See what I mean?” She said, equally quiet, but her eyes gleamed under the mask.
Reed does not like him. Or rather, he hates him. It’s obvious. Since Steve brought these people in, they’ve all been avoiding him like the plague but Reed has something more. There’s something else.
Just like the good old days when they’d sit on the couch and fight over what to watch. Tony could still remember how happy he’d been during those moments and how excited he’d been at the prospect of being so close to Steve.
As Tony watched the scene play out in front of him, he couldn’t help but wonder why he was suddenly the villain here. From the way Ben was supporting Sam and the men and women around them were whispering, it was pretty damn obvious that he was the problem here, and not just with Ben.
"They did a shit job by the looks of it." Steve says and when Tony looks up, Steve's expression is bleak.
“So are you.” Tony croaked and swallowed, eyeing the empty space in Steve’s bed. “I’m doing this for you.”
The ache grew into an awful pit in his stomach. It wasn’t right to imagine himself with Steve. He knew he had feelings for him but imagining them as mates was sick. Forbidden.
“The Howling Commandos.” Tony finished for him, feeling a little awestruck as the two old men in soldier outfits turned his way and grunted quietly. They seemed to cast a brief look at him before turning back to their conversation and for a moment, Tony’s heart sank. Even these people thought he was a waste of time.
“Mr. Stone. Tony is exhausted and he needs to rest. You better leave before I make you. I won’t repeat myself.” Steve says and suddenly he’s right beside Ty and has his hand fisted into his collar and has-
Tony's eyes stung. This worse than anything he'd imagined. He bit his lip and turned to Zeke, sending every pleading sign he could.
“Wolves need a full moon to turn. How are you gonna make me howl now? Tony-” Steve implored and suddenly stepped right into his space. “What are you gonna do?”
“Yes.” Thor said brightly and lowered his tone. “He is pleased. We should celebrate this with him for he is not alone.”
“His pain threshold is higher.” Steve said darkly, eyes flickering between Tony and the medics. “That already means he’s gonna feel more pain down the bond.”
“Tony, please.” He croaked, reaching up to slip his hands under the helmet. Feeling his throat tighten, he began to press and lift the helmet up.
It was a cop. Off-duty, but Tony could see his belt with weapons. A tall, really well-built cop with a gun and weapons and-
"S-sorry I just-" Tony let go of Steve completely for a minute to close a hand over his mouth. It took a good minute for his laughs to die down.
“I’m just having a hard time believing this. I mean I was literally about to be bonded only days ago. It’s just a lot.”
“You let me stay with you. You let an alpha stay with you when you were most vulnerable. That’s bravery.” Steve continued softly, beginning to rub Tony’s nape gently. “I couldn’t have done it.”
“I’m okay.” Tony said quietly, lifting his lips to a small smile. “Really, I am. Thank you for...for asking though.” And he truly meant it. Somehow, he’d felt lost but at least he wasn’t totally ignored. It was nice that someone took a moment to ask him if he was okay, even if he didn’t need it.
It didn’t do anything though and when Steve managed to step out of the ball pit and start climbing out, Tony saw the worst thing imaginable.
“Yes.” Steve said softly and then lay him down on the bed. He knelt beside him and began to pull his own shirt off.
people being late. He’d always hated it when the team had run late and he was always early himself. Tony couldn’t say he was the best at time-keeping, especially with labwork and spending time on the armour, but he always tried to be punctual, if just for Steve’s sake.
“You’re an arachnid?” Tony asked, keeping his volume steady. Natasha was also an arachnid-a black widow, he’d thought. When she’d walked in, she’d appeared calm and confident in a way that was almost threatening. This kid seemed uncomfortable in his own skin.
“Oh, oh-hey, no, you’re alright.” Steve instantly dropped his tone and reached out, pulling him close and wrapping his arms around him firmly and Tony struggled to suppress his shakes. The warmth from Steve’s body was searing.
Tony hadn’t prepared enough for the moment. He could barely take his eyes off the man in front of him.
“But why not? He can handle himself well enough and knows Manhattan well. Did he not grow up there?” Norman pondered, holding a hand out in Tony’s direction. “Plus, he’s intelligent enough to know how to behave. You’ll do as you’re told, won’t you Anthony?”
“Yes Tony. Everything’s gonna be okay.” Ty adds and brushes Roger's hand away. “I’ll take care of you.”
“Okay. So you like spiders. Do you have a fetish or something?” Tony blurted, before he could stop himself. Thankfully, Steve was unperturbed.
”I can’t.” He repeated but his voice cracked as he spoke and even Ben frowned at that. “I-I just can’t.”
“Shhhh that’s it. I’m not going to hurt you. I’m not going to hurt you when I swore to protect you.”
“What have you done?” He whispered in cold fury, looking for all the world like he was about to tear Tony to shreds.
“I asked you for it.” Tony recalled and though he sounded strong, Steve’s shirt was getting worse. “You would’ve been okay to-“
“What, why? You didn’t even do anything wrong?” Tony said as he jerked desperately, once again trying to escape. "I told you, it's not your fault-"
For a moment he freezes at the sight of Steve holding the pup, and he scowls at them. But it quickly vanishes when he meets Tony's eyes. An easy smile spreads across his face and he straightens his jacket smoothly and tucks his hair back.
Tony thought, realizing he couldn’t just stand here and let Steve deal with it all, even if he wasn’t struggling at all. This was about him and how he’d feel knowing he never fought back against this life when he had the chance.
Steve had moved and was now leaning over him, holding just his neck with both hands. He was only a breath away from Tony’s lips and seemed to be studying his expression very carefully.
It was surprising. Zeke was never this unforgiving with her. Something must have gone majorly wrong for him to be this harsh to one of his favorites.
“It helps with my line of work.” Steve said and took a deep breath. His expression changed and he stared Tony down like a commander at the head of a battle.
“Something wrong?” Steve asked without even looking up. Tony was obviously still not...comfortable yet so he didn't want to draw any attention to the role-reversal.
The stranger has been appearing almost every night. And whenever Tony tries to give his card away, the stranger disappears. He always vanishes, almost like a ghost in the wind and Tony is left wondering what he did wrong. It’s become a cycle.
“Captain.” Steve turned to Strange. “I'll do a full check up later but I really think someone should stay with him tonight. It would be good to help him feel more grounded and maybe if one of his closest friends stayed with him while he slept-“
By the looks of things he’d been waiting by the door patiently with a quiet smile and a relaxed expression on his face while the rest of the agents had already started working in their designated sections of the lab. Tyler didn’t comment on Tony’s lateness but he did raise an eyebrow when he saw how frazzled he looked.
Steve's voice trailed off as he finally approached him. From behind them, Tony thought he heard a few gasps.
“It wasn’t worth it!” Steve shouted over him, feeling his throat start to close because he needed Tony to hear this and he couldn’t let himself believe Tony wasn’t gonna come back to him. “You gave me a home. But when you were gone, it was like I had lost it again. I was back in the ice. Losing you...”
“I don’t know.” Steve swallowed, suddenly seeming just as shaken. But still, he pulled Tony close against him and sighed.
But he was exhausted and somewhat nauseous from the travel previously and from last night. Even five more minutes would’ve helped.
It was unfair, he knew. Sometimes it was just hard to accept that Steve really had moved on so easily. While he was still stuck in the past, trying desperately to get close. Wasn't that what this was?
He tries to answer but all that comes out is more sobs. To his horror tears start falling out of his eyes and his body continues to shake even when he drops the shirt and clamps his hands over his eyes to stop the tears.
Steve was running out of patience. If it wasn’t for the plan Carol and Sam had discussed with him, he didn’t think he’d be standing here so calmly. That and Natasha’s careful eye watching his back. They all wanted Tony back, but it was so much more personal for the core team. The original team. Tony was theirs and to have a chance at getting him back after losing him to Ultron was just-
The mark of Steve’s shield on his back. His love and protection and care and soul. The mark set in his skin forever.
This carried on for a short while. Slowly Tony felt his muscles start to loosen and his shakes start to decrease. He felt weak and a little light-headed, but no where near as bad as he was before. His thoughts still felt muzzled but at least he could sit up and think.
“What are you talking about? And-“ Steve’s eyes widened and he sat up instantly. “Are you leaving!?”
“The mark. I didn’t even think you’d react to it like this. If I’d known, I wouldn’t have, I’m sorry.” Steve’s voice was muffled in his shoulder and Tony felt the vibration wrack his entire body.
“Well then. I’ll leave you to it Captain. I’m sure I’ll see you later after the president gives his speech. Enjoy the starters. Stark.” He tilted his head in Tony’s direction and stalked off, leaving Tony’s head reeling. As soon as Steve let him go, he spun on his feet and faced the soldier.
They weren’t as rough as before. He didn’t have as prominent callouses anymore. The skin had turned softer and more pliant. His wrists looked thinner and his skin seemed paper-thin and ice-white. His eyes watered again and he let them fall to his sides.
He spent the week preparing for the move. It was shocking to believe he would just up and leave to go live on the Helicarrier but that was the way the cookie crumbled. It made little sense but Tony was sure it was the right option.
“Hmmm.” Norman started to circle him, measuring him from all sides. “You’ve been out before haven’t you? Some time last year if I remember.”
Pierce sighed and straightened up. For a moment, he didn’t say a word. He merely stuck his hands in his pockets and glanced at the crowd.
“That’s just how he speaks. Don’t worry about him.” Peter swung down from a traffic light, balancing easily on his back legs. Strangely enough, Tony liked the red and blue uniform he wore. But maybe that preference had something to do with Steve.
“It took some negotiating. But between me and Barnes, we managed to wrangle about four months worth of supplies. Should be enough to get him back in the game. If he needs any translating, tell him we’re here.”
“The doctor told me this was okay. I figured we’d start with something light before we work our way up.”
Steve will move on. Steve will find someone who makes him smile. He’ll keep going, will keep being-being
Lips trembled but Tony nodded. His face was ice-white, the red starting to be replaced by a sickly grey-green.
“Oh I dare.” Steve joked but his eyes were fierce. “You should’ve known better. You lost him the day I laid eyes on him. And it will cost you.”
And they way he made Tony feel. Tony had never felt important before. It was nice. Steve was really kind and Tony...
“I-“ His voice broke but at Steve’s insistence, he let Steve tug off his shirt until his whole front was exposed including his collar bones. Nothing.
Once, he’d been happy there. Once, Steve had grabbed him by his wrist and pulled him close. Once, they’d made love on the soft bed of Steve’s simple but lively room, after months of dancing around each other.
A brief pause happened. Then Tony swallowed thickly and took his eyes off Steve to look at the drinks.
“I won’t be alone.” He insisted, even though he could feel the shadows of doubt growing. His own fears multiplying. “I’ll have Shield and a team-“
Tony felt inadequate. And when he risked a look at Steve with his perfect form and his own achievements (it wasn’t like people didn’t know), he felt it was glaringly obvious.
Shame and frustration coated every inch of Tony’s body. He was trying. That was all he could do, wasn’t that clear enough?
The doctor went silent but Tony felt it was more for his sake than anything else. When Tony looked at him, he realized the doctor was pleased. Almost like he’d been waiting for this.
Tony held still as a statue. The children didn’t move. They kept silent and blinked with wide, teary eyes at Zeke. Zeke’s hand hadn’t moved an inch.
Tony hadn’t thought he’d be sat here on this table, in this room. Plain walls and soft black couches. One window and one square table built to seat six.
Steve was looking at him with a kind expression. There was understanding in his eyes and sorrow at the thought of their suffering. But it was nice that Steve understood him, even if it was just a little. Tony didn’t really have anyone to talk to except for Rhodey and Pepper but even then they didn’t truly understand.
“You want to be pack?” Steve rumbled and pushed Tony back enough to look at him seriously. “You want to be mine?”
He started to laugh. He couldn’t remember the last time he had but he didn’t stop now. It was liberating and he actually felt happy.
“H-hey-“ His throat closes and he starts to cough, feeling the dust on his face. It itches but thankfully when he pats at his cheeks the skin doesn’t fall away. It does surprise him though. He doesn’t remember taking his cowl off.
Steve stares back at him with a dark, ugly gaze in his expression. His lips are pinched and his shoulders are taut and he looks coiled like a wire about to spring. But he follows Tony like a man starving. His expression is haunted and in the thin blue light, Tony sees fear on his face.
A gunshot fired and Tony’s whole body erupted. Body writhing in pain, his boots cut off and he fell to the floor feeling dazed.
When Tony was let out, he was jittery and shaky on his feet, his blood levels lower than he liked. Time became nonexistent in there but for once, Tony had reveled in it.
“Thanks Tony.” Steve replied and when Tony looked up at him in surprise, Steve nodded ever so slightly. Tony felt his lips form a small smile in response before nodding back.
It was simple. He was to collect blood and feed from enough beings in these areas to keep the Stane claim fresh. Every six days like clockwork, until Zeke found a suitable replacement.
“Look, I’m just saying, if one of my soulmates came into my life, I’d one-hundred percent retire, right here and now.”
“Don’t worry about it.” Steve says and presses a kiss to his lips which Tony enjoys. “Just focus on recovering. It'll come with time.”
“Now would you look at that. Cap, why don’t you spend some time with your guest and make sure he’s actually enjoying himself. I’d hate to find out you’re not being a good host.” Fury said dryly but Tony twisted around to stare at him in disbelief.
“He loved me didn’t he?” Steve says tiredly, feeling numb. He needs to get used to it. This is how it’s gonna be now.
“Prove it.” Steve suddenly said and met his gaze head on with barely contained rage even with being incapacitated in a hospital bed. Whether he was angry at the situation or him was a complete mystery but Tony wasn’t going to comment. Instead, he barked out a laugh at the imagery.
“Tony, there you are. I’ve been looking for you.” Steve said suddenly and Tony twisted in his chair to see Steve standing just behind him with a few drinks in hand.
Well that was a complete shock. Tony’s eyes bugged and he stared back at the woman in awe. Steve’s gaze was still pinning him from behind. Waiting like a silent predator in the bushes.
, and when Tony turns it over and reads the blurb, it talks about a totalitarian government and a world of propaganda, confusion and disinformation. The story suggests that it focuses on a small family in North America where the father publishes a paper that speaks a little to closely of the truth. He's arrested by the dreaded
He’s shallow. And false and lonely and somewhat afraid of what could happen. But he also wants to know desperately which one of these alphas is his. Which one is the one he was chosen by who wanted him enough that they’re gonna have a baby? Which one made him feel so happy and sure that he agreed to try for a baby?
Tony’s smile dimmed and he looked at the ground. “I don’t know if I’d call him brave. He’s the furthest thing at the moment.”
For a moment he just glares at her. Then he sighs and lies his head back against the pillow, staring at the ceiling with little hope.
There was pin-drop silence for a moment. Then he heard Steve's chair scrape the floor. Footsteps approached until-
It’s simple really. He hurts. He hurts everyday and it hasn’t gotten better, not even a little bit. It’s been four months and he still feels Steve’s absence like a gaping hole in his heart. Sometimes he wakes up and just lies there, staring at the ceiling and wondering what it must be like to be enclosed in the same coffin Steve’s in, and be carried into the depths of sea, free from anything that can hurt you.
Steve didn’t answer instantly. Instead he seemed to be debating over what to say. Finally he decided.
“Nat was just asking Steve about his soul mark.” Bruce helpfully pointed out and Tony had to suppress the urge to glare.
He looks at Steve and feels his heart burst when Steve’s eyes begin to shine. There’s so much warmth and love there that Tony’s not used to and now he has to accept that he has a pup and they both have an alpha to support them. Not that he needed one but...
“I need help here now! Steve’s been shot and he’s losing blood! We need all the supplies and fast!” Tony screamed into the coms and kept his breathing as close to normal as he could. He had to stay calm-had to help Steve-
“Well. So what if I am? Beats being one of those politicians with a stick up their ass.” Tony sneered through grit teeth and tried to remind himself that punching people here would be a bad idea.
Tony nods, feeling his throat close. Tears are falling down his cheeks and he can’t convince himself to hide them anymore. “We did.”
“Not in front of me.” Steve shakes his head, not taking his burning gaze away from Ty. “You don’t touch my pup or my omega there in front of me.”
“How did this happen!? FUCK! How did this even HAPPEN!?” Steve screamed and picked up the chair on his side and slammed it into the wall with a cry. Tony’s ears were ringing.
Something was really itching at Tony now. There was something he was missing, a vital piece of information. A puzzle he hadn't solved.
Carefully, he sidestepped the hanging limbs of the sleeping agents and did his best not to make a noise as he opened the door. Once he was through, he closed it with a soft click and let out a deep breath.
“Ugh...sorry.” Tony sniffed, grimacing when he pulled his hand away. Steve’s hands hadn’t moved from his shoulders. They were inches away from each other, a small space just for them to share.
Mealtimes had been…well this week they hadn’t been great. He’d attempted to join the team for breakfast, but found they varied their breakfast times each day (or maybe they all just had such hive mind, they all got up in perfect synchronization. It fit perfectly with his theory that they were all wasps). He’d tried to join at lunchtimes at the start of the week, and quickly found they had no space for him at the table anymore (that woman who’d allowed him before had disappeared), and it was the same for dinners. So he’d done the sensible thing.
Tony ran as fast as he could. His enhanced hearing told him he was being chased by two vampires-most likely Norman and Whitney.
Tony knelt back on the floor again and rested his palms on his knees. “What is the matter, my lord?”
Finally they reached the living room. And one by one Nat, Clint, Thor and Bruce settled in the couches, leaving just Tony and Steve standing in the center.
Absently he reaches down and unlocks his other gauntlet and takes comfort from the very thing he’s always turned to in moments like this. His own private little secret that he’s kept close. He brings his wrist up and stares once more.
“Great.” Steve smiled and approached him carefully, reaching out to place his hands on his broad, shoulders. He had the body of someone who did a lot of heavy lifting and the height matched too, now that he thought about it. “We’ll go slow. Shadow boxing to start with. Then we’ll try some moves. It’s good. A good distraction.”
“Hey!” A voice made them both jolt and Tony turned instantly to see who’d spoken. And what he saw shocked him and nearly made him collapse with relief.
Whitney was back. He hadn’t seen her in two whole weeks. They’d easily been the best two weeks of his life in this cavern.
“Stark? Are you alright?” A hand gripped his shoulder and shook him lightly, pulling him out of his shock. Swiftly, he closed his mouth and turned back. Pierce stared at him in concern and well...
Slipping out of the ballroom, he entered the corridor and made his way to the pearl colored bathroom doors. Once he stepped through, he checked the coast was clear and took a moment to turn on the tap and fill his hands with ice-cold water. Then he splashed it over his face and gasped, suppressing a shudder.
The papers needed re-sorting. Carefully, Tony picked them up again and flicked through the pages with his thumb. Silently, he listened in.
At the familiar sound, Tony hunched over and scrubbed at his eyes harshly before turning with a tight smile. It wouldn’t be fair to ruin other people’s evenings because of his issues. He had to at least try and keep up appearances.
"Hope. New beginnings. A future." Steve smiled, watching Tony's eyes widen. "We may not be there yet but I have a chance. To prove myself to you. If you let me."
“They look perfect on you. You look really good tonight Tony.” He said quietly and looked up hopefully, catching Tony off guard.
For a moment, Pierce just seemed to regard him. Then he clapped his hand on Tony’s shoulder and squeezed gently.
The suns were unbearably high. Their rays felt scorching as he traversed the dull landscape. Dust rose and soared lightly in the air.
He’s told he barely says much. It’s not really something he remembers too clearly. He knows his throat feels sore and his head pounds and his heart breaks. It’s similar to what he’s told.
An hour later, Tony stumbled into the kitchen. Surprisingly Steve didn’t realize until he heard a chair scrape the floor and Tony huff as he dropped into it. He’d been too busy pouring the chicken soup.
Tucking under the covers, Tony decided to ask Fury in the morning. This wasn’t a problem. He’d be fine.
Slowly Tony turned and looked at the crowd in the distance. A sea of phones and smiles met him. Lucky day for them since he’d never had someone touch him so intimately in public before.
“You’ve gotta be shittin’ me.” Tony groaned and nearly reached for his suit jacket to get up and leave. Steve was staring right back at him from across the room. What were the chances?
If Steve noticed, he didn’t say a word, so Tony didn’t either. They followed the signs and stepped inside and suddenly they were greeted with a brightly decorated room with bright crystal chandeliers, and long satin curtains draping over the windows. There were circular tables all around the room with various guests having already chosen their seats. There was a large circular space which Tony was certain was for dancing, although currently there were groups of politicians and the like having individual conversations. A few men and women were recognizable from the news, but Tony didn’t really know anyone else.
He was fine. It wasn’t Fury’s fault. After all, Steve felt the same and it was clearly with good reason.
“I’m in a suit!” Tony shouted, gritting his teeth together. “I can take it! You shouldn’t have done it!”
“Ben! The shield!” Tony shouted into the speakers, hoping the man would listen to him, even if just for once in his life. If he could just grab that then they’d be okay-
Within seconds he felt like the odd one out. He always struggled to follow orders but this was really gonna test that. Especially if he had to behave like these people. He was Tony Stark for crying out loud. Instead of agreeing to terrorists, he blew them up and escaped.
When Tony next opened his eyes, Steve was ready. He’d passed out sometime in the early hours of the morning, leaving Steve to his thoughts. He hadn’t moved an inch, playing sentry to the omega in this dark bedroom where even the shadows made Tony twitch.
As he walks through the mansion, he sees the picture of the original team standing tall. The glass is cracked and faded on the floor and feeling sick to his stomach, Tony bends over and picks it up, not even flinching when the broken glass cuts his hands. He still hasn’t healed the bruises around his neck. It serves as a reminder for what he needs to do. A noose around the neck of a ghost.
With a sigh, he gets up from his bed and rubs his eyes so hard they sting. Maybe if he tries hard enough, this one will be the nightmare and the flip side will be the reality.
As he lamented over the inevitable feeling of waking up tomorrow morning with a killer headache, he began to walk forward, not really paying attention to where he was going. When he reached the elevator at the end, he paused. Then he shrugged and pressed the button to the main area. Maybe a walk would help. Plus, it would be a good idea to know his surroundings better, especially since this was gonna be home for a while.
“Identifying. Scans complete. That’s-“ Suddenly Hank swore. “Human blood. Ninety-six percent match to Anthony Edward Stark. He’s here.”
For a moment, Steve didn’t say anything. Then looked down and bit his lip and sighed, and maybe that was Steve’s tell. Maybe that was what he did when he wasn’t sure of something or needed to rethink. Tony had seen him do that a few times now.
“Who’re they? A new faction?” Tony asked before he could stop himself. Thankfully Zeke took him seriously for once, too distracted by the ancient table.
He could close his eyes and pretend that just for a moment, everything was fine. And that nothing had changed. Sure he was in the middle of a fight, and these robots weren't making it easy but-
And neither did the children. The ten year olds were young but not young enough to remember their life before this. Often Tony considered himself lucky that he was turned at the age of thirty. Otherwise he may have been doomed to the memories of bloodlust and nothing more.
"I'm not hurt." Tony croaked and couldn't help but laugh softly as the tears fell. "I'm happy. I'm actually happy for once."
All of a sudden, he spots a man by the bus stop. A tall blonde man with a long trench coat with the collar turned upwards. He looks like the man from before and Tony once again feels the urge to call out to him. He might have better luck this time.
He begun his rounds, waiting patiently in the corners of his dingy alleys. Today he began with a young woman with dark brown hair and eyes that shined blue in the false light. While her back was turned and her phone was out, he pounced on her and locked her hands in front, digging his fangs into her neck quickly.
“Whatever. Just stay out of my way before this traitor teaches you a lesson you won’t forget.” Tony growled and felt his anger flare when Ben just laughed and turned on his heel, not bothering to look back as he reached the steel door.
Sighing, Tony picked up his phone in one hand and kept the other pressed firmly over his abdomen. He could wait. It was fine.
The corridors were quiet because it was eleven in the afternoon. Steve would be done soon so Tony wanted to get his stuff quickly and be done with it.
The baby has parts of him, he can tell. It's in the brown of his tiny curls, and gentle curve of his nose. But the alpha-the
“Coming.” He swallowed and bit his lip hard enough to taste blood. The smell of burned metal reached his nose, and the smoke in the air swirled around him in slow dark waves. Agents were scrambling to either grab a weapon or duck. Steve was no where to be seen. He'd lost sight of Thor and Carol too.
Inside was a dark blue suit that was obviously tailored to emphasize the wearer’s lines. Tony could already tell by the cut of the slightly lighter lapels that the fit would be quite close. Beneath the jacket was a crisp white shirt with a similar blue tie that was fairly thin, giving the whole image a sharp clean look.
It was difficult. How could he stay calm? How could he be neutral when Tony’s suit lay so vulnerable out here, millions of miles away from home, with no hope in sight? How could he be calm, when the last time he’d spoken to Tony, had been after Tony had woken up from a coma, where all he’d said was that he was done and that Tony had gone too far?
Twenty minutes more found them standing at the desk with measurements confirmed. Then it was time to pay.
When he opens them, everything is still except for the snow. The man is gone and it’s only him again. And this time-
"What?" Tony panted, and shifted when Steve pressed his lips to his navel and started to move lower.
Un-phased, Pierce shrugged and tucked a hand into his pocket. "No. But the Avengers are a matter of national security. Not everything is clear cut."
“He’s still in shock. Make sure he has something to drink.” Steve said firmly despite being the one on the table with his stomach bleeding. Tony almost wanted to laugh at the irony.
“I know what you meant. And no Stark, you are not bait. I don’t know where you got that stupid idea from. We don’t go using Avengers as bait. Or anyone for that matter.” When Tony opened his mouth, Fury let go of the pen and leaned back, looking Tony in the eye. Realization set in and Fury frowned liked he’d just seen a giraffe walk on two legs.
“That won’t help. I need to stake a claim to the area. That means I need to leave the scent here so if you walk off that kind of defeats the purpose.”
“They’re becoming more and more public by the day. Norman seems to think they’re becoming less shy. Maybe we should take the fight to them.” Zeke muttered to himself, grinding the newspaper remnants under his leather boot.
He had tried for humour. But the minute Tony stopped speaking, he completely broke, tears streaming down his face. He curled up around the bag like it was a lifeline and didn’t register Steve getting up sharply.
“I just needed to check that you were alright. You smell fine though.” The wolf sniffed, once again starting to edge towards Tony.
It felt like a vow. Like Steve was committing to him in a different way. Like they had accepted their past and their feelings and were embracing that. Like they were finally being honest with each other. Like for once they were truly on the same page.
"I'm afraid that you might get so bored without me tonight. I mean, you can't live without me, I can tell." Tony joked quietly, and hoped Steve didn't notice the tremble in his voice. "So I'm willing to spend another day with you, commander. Since I know you need it."
“That’s enough.” He whispered, and felt a gush of air leave his chest when they thankfully pulled away. His eyes threatened to close and the cold stone floor seemed like a tempting place to rest. But he couldn’t. Ezekiel could return any minute.
It clicked into place. Captain America and his infamous Harley Davidson. Steve didn’t go anywhere without it.
“Don’t make me laugh. Please.” Steve says, feeling disgusted. “You people have no humanity. No sense. As if you feel anything for anyone anymore. You’re selfish. In fact, you’re just like-“
“Bed rest for at least two weeks. Or one week if he can’t manage that. But no work for three weeks at the very least. He needs a break.”
“Tony, our promise.” Steve hissed out and seemed to clench his jaw and fists. It was enough to make the sweat run down his back.
With a cool expression, Steve folded his arms and mirrored Tony’s position. For a second he just stared at Tony silently. Then his lips grew into an almost gleeful smile.
“Let me help, Winghead.” Tony insisted and placed both of his palms flat on the table to lean on it and bend closer. “I hear I’m good at this sort of thing.”
They eventually come up with a solution. An adaptation of the Dyson Sphere, coupled with a combination of the best adjustments from the best minds in the world and the best scientists at Shield. Together they come up with a solution and win. Together they Avenge like they always do.
“We got rid of Namor. He wasn’t welcome after what he did.” Strange says and for the first time, Steve is glad to hear him speak. He hasn’t heard his voice in weeks.
A crowd of vampires appeared in the room quickly and Zeke shoved through them to come forward, eyes wide and frantic with fear.
“It’s hard. I know what you’re thinking but...” Tony looks down at his stomach and presses his hand to it. “I just don’t get what he sees in me. And plus, how can I be Captain America’s omega? Shouldn’t someone else be carrying his baby?”
Tony can’t take his eyes away from the sheer joy and pain in Roger’s eyes. It’s like watching someone talk about their lost love.
“Okay.” Steve said quietly and something broke in Tony as the instant regret of what he’d just done sunk in. “Okay.”
Rhodey flies him there in record speed. Tony passes out before they even get there. Everything fades to black.
“Jesus, Stark.” Bucky says and shakes his head before standing up and staring down at him. “I thought I’d killed you.”
“You ever wanted something so bad you would do anything for it?” Tony murmured, staring at a picture mounted on the wall above the fake fireplace. It was of Steve and his friends in all their strange uniforms.
They stood in silence and just watched each other in the dim light. Tony wondered if every relationship was as complicated as theirs. If others had the same dilemma and loved as intensely as they did.
Once Zeke and Whitney left, Tony couldn’t stop beaming. His jaws started to twinge at how broadly he was smiling.
“No problem.” Tony smiled and turned to walk around to the empty seat beside Maria. Only the second he did, Fury moved, quick as lightning and grabbed his sleeve and held him back.
Ever so carefully, Tony places the baby in Steve’s arms, and watches as the alpha brings the baby close. Steve blinks down at the baby and doesn’t seem phased when the baby blinks back.
“Fine.” Tony says without moving a muscle. “The incursions began. We disagreed. I mind-swiped you. You remembered. The end.” And he turns and picks up a wrench.
“I think. Wait that makes sense.” Steve said blankly and then frowned. “I think this one is it’s baby. That one looks like a bigger tsum.“
“God damn it.” Steve whispered harshly and looked at Tony again. Something softened in his gaze though.
“I mean Ironman, just wow. It’s a marvel, really.” Pierce said in awe, shaking his head in disbelief. “You should be real proud of this one. The kid’s got pzazz, I tell ya.”
“I’ve just never really done well with politicians. They tend to not agree with me on most things. My being me and all that.” Tony joked but watched Fury’s fingers clench over the pen. For some reason, that made him feel better.
It’s probably even worse then, that he wishes he were dead. Just so that he could stop feeling altogether.
“Tony.” Steve said hoarsely from below him and when Tony blinked blearily at him, he saw Steve on his knees. Steve pressed his lips against his navel and spoke, and Tony was instantly taken back to the first time Steve had slept with him.
“Fine.” Tony snatches the clothes and walks into the bathroom, hating that he can feel Captain America laughing at him. It’s honestly ridiculous. He’s pregnant for god's sake. Captain America of all people should know not to take advantage of him.
While they were waiting for the police, Steve trotted up to Tony eagerly, sniffing him heavily and circling him, coiling his long furry tail around him.
For instance, him and his mother had counted twenty three marks on his body that day. But by the time he’d turned eight, he was down to fifteen.
“After you.” Steve said warmly, though when Tony glanced at him, he seemed fairly distant as always.
He’d never had an issue with fittings before and now suddenly he couldn’t seem to even hold still. Not even Super solider serum hands could keep him still. Every brush of the tape tickled and Steve’s hands were too soft on his skin, almost edging towards grabbing but not quite. It was a fine line and made Tony almost wish Steve would either let go completely or just hold on.
"You don't have your armor?" Steve said in a dangerously calm voice. Like the calm before the storm-just like when he was about to tell the Avengers to strike.
“...I guess you’re right.” Steve heard but somehow he thought Iron man sounded resigned. Probably because he knew he was right.
Steve roared at him and pounced on the bed, not even giving him a chance to finish. He tackled Tony into the pillows, pressing his lips all over Tony’s cheeks and neck, sucking small marks into his soft skin. After that, he snarled and covered Tony’s body completely, pinning him to the bed until he was all Tony could feel.
Steve was blushing. His lips were quirked up but he wouldn’t look at Tony, no matter how stunned Tony looked. He shifted from side to side on his feet and chewed his lip a little to keep from smiling. He looked so cute.
He felt tired. Even though he’d had no doubts that his meeting with the AXO head wouldn’t work out, he’d still held out for a hope. Futurist belief and all that.
There was a medic in front of him holding a pen light. A few others were starting to join them, all carrying bags and some other equipment. Tony watched them pull out an O2 sat device and a blood pressure cuff.
Smoothing the covers one last time, Steve turned and tilted his head to try and catch Tony’s eye. The omega barely registered and Steve started to feel his heart speed up when he realized Tony’s eyes were glazed.
Tony spun around and raced across the roof. He didn’t waste even a second, jumping from roof to roof and finally leaving the block swiftly to run back to the cavern past Staten Island as fast as he could. Every time he checked behind him, he didn’t see a thing but he couldn’t take a chance.
...” Tony whispered brokenly and held up a shaking hand at Steve. Tears were starting to leak from his eyes. His body shook but from fear or need, Steve couldn’t be sure.
It was a private room though. The same one he or any of the Avengers were put in for injuries. It was a simple room with a window and a TV. And of course, the medical equipment and the highest security to get in.
“God, you’re really not okay are you?” Steve whispered then, looking absolutely distraught and without further thought, wrapped an arm around Tony and began to guide him away from the station, taking him further down the road until Tony spotted a car parked just up ahead.
“S-Steve... you look great.” Tony stuttered, uncrossing his legs and leaning forward. Suddenly feeling self conscious, he closed a hand over his mouth to hide how much it was hanging open. Steve looked...he looked
-?" Steve gasps and sobs and can barely string a sentence together without breaking and Tony's stomach curdles. This isn't right. Steve shouldn't be this upset.
“Oh. Well, of course you do”. Zeke cleared his throat and looked down. “Forgive me pet. I am not in the best frame of mind for suggestions but if you have one, be my guest.”
Tony’s smile vanished. Right, what had he been thinking? He got carried away again like always. That was why Pepper had left. That was why everyone left. He’d been trying so hard with the Avengers but if he carried on just speaking out like this, they’d leave him too, starting with Steve. He was screwing it all up because he couldn’t keep his feelings out of the picture.
Still, he was willing to share his small home. If he found someone who wanted to come and stay. He would happily give up his small roll of fabric and lie on the colder ground, if it meant someone could feel comfortable with him.
His armor had taken another hit and JARVIS was trying to warn him. Warmth was seeping onto his stomach.
Steve gave a bright smile and curled a hand around Tony’s waist lightly. He tugged ever so slightly so that Tony was an inch closer but something changed.
True to his word, Tony found that things did change. For the rest of the week, he spent a lot of time with Steve and occasionally met with the team for meals.
His face was covered in pink streaks. Triple lines running across his cheeks and sideways, leading all the way down to his jaw. And the bite underneath was red and swollen, the indents of Steve’s mouth prominent and shiny against Tony’s skin.
Tony didn't want it to end. He was afraid to admit that he was dreading the morning when he'd no doubt realize it was all a hallucination in his comatose mind. It would be just his luck if that happened.
Today was the day he left. He would start work tomorrow, but for today it was just travelling and getting used to his quarters. At least he had a bit of time.
“Like you know anything about my kind! Don’t pretend you know me pup!” Tony hissed and instantly the blond threw his hands up.
Uncharacteristically, Steve sighed and rubbed at his head tiredly. It wasn’t like him to show weakness.
It had been a few days on the Helicarrier now, almost a full week. And things had just gotten worse.
“Why?” Tony asks quietly and blinks when Ty does something very brave and presses his palm to Tony’s cheek.
“So why would you pick me? If you’re my alpha, that means you must’ve chosen me. Why would Captain America choose me?”
“He’s strong. Resourceful. Will do as told.” Norman added, giving Tony no hint of what was going on.
Fairness was in the eye of the beholder. At least, that was what he figured. But still, even though he was doing his best to help them, he knew it wasn’t nearly enough.
“He’s not afraid to bond. He wants it.” Nat filled in helpfully and Tony glared daggers at her, especially when Steve lit up. “I think he’s more worried about not having your mark.”
Steve scoffs and snatches the plans for the Dyson sphere. Reed tries to speak up but Strange stops him as always.
Tony looked like shit. He knew it, had known it for months. Pepper mentioned it constantly and Rhodey fretted with each visit. He’d lost weight. He felt dizzy a lot. Sometimes he couldn’t eat more than a few bites.
“You didn’t need to worry.” Tony reminded him quietly, holding still while Steve’s fingers tightened on him. The heat from Steve’s body was like a safety net Tony hadn’t known he’d needed. The familiarity of the smell and feel of Steve made his throat feel stiff.
“Will you wear it for me?” Steve asked quietly, seeking something from him. Tony, for his part just nodded and tried not to lose control again. It was almost impossible, with how pent up his feelings had been.
But Tony felt another urge take him. Slowly, he nuzzled the place on this man’s neck, pressing a small kiss to the place where his blood rushed. He heard a sharp intake of breath and the hands around him tightened fractionally.
“It’s okay.” He replied blankly but couldn’t pull his eyes away from the sight of the blond looking so distraught. Tony hadn’t ever seen Steve
Tony felt his ears roaring in time with his neck. Something was horribly wrong and he had no idea what!
Steve hadn’t wasted any time after that. Once the doctor had said the words, Steve had booked Tony for an evaluation immediately and had requested the person come to Tony for the evaluation. Obviously, it hadn’t come as a surprise that Tony had been against it. But his opinion didn’t win in the end. Steve was too concerned apparently and the doctor was too firm.
“Such a shame I had to though.” He sighed loudly and tried not to smile too hard when Steve raised his brow.
“Leave it. Stop laughing at me.” Steve growled, though he immediately curled his arm back round Tony.
"I'm real." Steve says and his eyes burn into Tony's very soul. He looks angry and he's shaking now, looking ready to sprint. "You haven't taken anything. I'm alive."
Tony frowned at the words and tried not to let his anger spill over. He was just so sick and tired of the whole thing. Who cared if Steve wanted him here? Who gave a shit what anyone thought? He really shouldn’t have been brought here and everyone knew it.
“Zeke, calm down. He’s nervous, it’s understandable.” Norman gestured at Tony’s hollow gaze. “Look at him. How was he to know he’d be bonding with another?”
"Go to sleep. We'll talk in the morning." Steve says and though he doesn't smile, there's a strength to his eyes that Tony hasn't seen before. He looks reborn. Stronger and new.
It’s in this strange moment that Steve is suddenly hit with the thought. That if Tony was here, he’d know what to do. He’d know what to say. The Avengers wouldn’t be frozen in place and Strange wouldn’t be so broken he couldn’t say a word. Blackbolt and Beast would not stare at him with such disappointment and T’Challa wouldn’t ignore him for months on end.
The look Steve gave him, told him that Steve knew exactly how much, down to the time and date. "Maybe. But I figure it's more fun for you if you figure it out. But lets just say I was the happiest man alive that day. And there were a few surprises."
Rubbing the bridge of his nose, he gave it one final go, even though he already knew what the answer would be. “So I guess that’s a no on dinner?”
“I’ll take you to him, just take deep breaths.” Norman said behind him and somehow a hand on his shoulder was guiding him in the right direction. Distantly he heard whispers from some of the other members of the family.
“Sure, that sounds nice. Why not?” Tony agreed quietly, feeling slightly awed at the way Steve was starting to go red. Why was he so nervous? Tony honestly couldn’t make sense of it.
“It’s been a long year.” Tony said thinly instead, giving Steve a tight smile. “I don’t think you can do anything about that.”
Quietened, the young children nodded their heads slowly, pale red eyes looking down as they tried to resist the urge to bite. Tony rolled his eyes and dropped them to the floor, diverting his deep red eyes to the upper levels of the cavern. No sign of anyone yet. All was quiet.
“Please...” He whispers and snow slowly begins to fall, peppering the world with flakes of white. The man is still standing. Tony is still waiting.
He gives Tony a wry smile that seems eased by the soft gleam in his eyes. He looks proud and sure and so confident of what he’s made.
"Have you spoken to Steve?" Carol urged, putting her hand on his shoulder like she could see how close he was to breaking. "Should I call him?"
So, under the guise of being too busy as Director, he's benched indefinitely and given a therapist and doctor. He sees them once and accepts the prescriptions but doesn't do anything else with them. They won't be enough, he knows. He needs to keep busy.
It’s not wrong. She’s being fair to them. Too bad she didn’t have the first hand experience of having her memories wiped by these men. She still trusted them to an extent.
That was when Tony noticed. There was a bright red dot aiming straight for Steve’s back. He was totally exposed to it.
“I’ve thought about it.” Steve said, confirming what Tony already knew. “They should come out today.”
“You sure they’re after me?” Tony covered his hand over the mic and dipped his face down. “I’d hate to disappoint them you know.”
He spluttered uselessly, completely caught out. “Why? Why!? Because-because I’m a liability! Because I caused property damage and put people at risk! Because I’m hiding military level weapons in the form of a mechanical suit and they want it!”
“Uhhh...what?” If Tony wasn’t careful, he would’ve dropped his tool. Luckily, he was more skilled than that. But that didn’t change the question.
With a comforting hand on his back, Fury pulled his chair out and made Tony sit. Then he grabbed a glass from the table and filled it with water.
“Steve. What brings you here?” She says quietly, looking over at him with folded arms. Her lips are curved in a smile but there’s no joy on her face. She looks like she’s committed a crime and Steve desperately wants to assure her.
The next morning, Zeke had been in a fantastic mood. Norman had pointed out that the Captain had not caused any trouble the night before and Whitney had finally come to accept the terms of the new arrangement. She still hadn’t left her quarters but Norman had been adamant that she was calmer now than she had been before.
“Whatever. Maybe we shouldn’t talk. Actually-“ Tony nodded and leaned his head back to look at the ceiling. “Lets do that.”
"I will never let you go Tony. There's nothing you can do to stop me caring about you." Steve says and doesn't budge even for a second. His gaze holds Tony's very soul. Steve says it like he truly believes it. It doesn't make sense.
“Tell T’Challa I want another meeting. And this time, we keep it private. No publicity whatsoever. And I want to take up his offer. We’ll have the Dora-Milaje here by the end of the week if he allows it.”
all the others. Tony knew that. He had hand selected each one of them because of their strengths and not...
When he finally mustered up the courage to meet Carol's eyes, he felt drained and apathetic. It didn't matter what he wanted. This was his life. He was an outcast.
“Shhhh, don’t worry. You’re safe now. You can stay with your mate and your babies.” Steve said softly and gently stroked the Cap-tsum and the Iron-tsum until both their eyes slid shut. They both began to purr and after a moment, stared up at Steve with new eyes. It was a new start for them. Even the babies looked excited.
“So how does it work for vampires? How does blood affect you?” Steve asked politely changing the subject and tilting his head a little like he was studying a specimen.
“How come I’ve never seen you actually turn into a wolf? I know you’re a werewolf but you’re really controlled. I always thought they were more instinctual.” Tony asked, reaching out to snatch the baseball. Steve let him.
The man nodded and stepped back, but not before giving the ball pit another weary glance. The man looked like he’d seen a ghost when chances were it was probably an animal that had managed to get in. Maybe some kid left a gerbil behind or something.
Though reluctant, Tony could see that Steve would be too focused on him to properly fight himself. So he had no choice but to stick with Steve.
“Y’re not r’l...” Tony slurs and doesn’t even have the energy to comment on Steve’s shocked expression. “M’ alone.”
“Oh but you are.” Tony didn’t like the gleam in his eye. “You are and you have to. You don’t have a choice.”
“Not everyone finds their soulmates Clint. You should retire. If I had the option to, I know I would.” Steve replied and Tony frowned at that. Didn’t Steve already know who his soulmate was?
"There's videos online. Apparently it's a well known fact that you love to dance and you're good at it."
A blond haired man with crimson eyes and a clean grey suit walked in, with Whitney hanging off his arm. He wore human clothes but somehow it added to his authority. There was no smile on his lips and not once did he blink, even when Zeke clapped his hands.
“Lets go back inside.” Tony said firmly, already knowing the answer before the words escaped his lips.
“More than a shot. This will trigger what’s already in his DNA. Hopefully, it's just deactivated like we suspect.” Hank said, only he paused and leaned forward to look Steve in the eye. “Then again, you must’ve known. For you to have had this already synthesized.”
Then he paused and the smile vanished off his face. Concerned, Tony reached up and tentatively grabbed the hand still on his shoulder. Steve’s fingers latched onto his tightly and didn’t let go.
Fury picked up a pen and began to scribble something, much to Tony’s irritation. “Nothing. You do nothing. You go, you socialise a bit. Leave the rest to Rogers.” He turned a page, not once looking at Tony.
Steve storms forward and yanks Reed’s arm back so that he turns back round and faces him, rather than behaving like the coward he is. “Hey! Don’t ignore me-!”
Slowly he lies his head back and looks up at the dark sky. There’s no stars out. No signs of life or anything that suggests there’s something more.
It’s morning. The mysterious stranger never reappeared and after that, Tony never gathered the courage to ask anyone else. Must’ve been the blond hair that just pulled him in that direction.
There was shouting and the sound of metal tearing and bullets being fired but gradually it all faded until there was nothing but a loud ringing in his ears.
“I’ve treated him before, Commander. Back when he was Director. And we had a very similar conversation that he mostly ignored.” The doctor glared, folding his arms.
Never one to be phased, Tony nods and slips his hand into his pocket and pulls out the change. Then he stops and stares.
The one highlight in his day was the walk to the labs in the morning. Because he had to cross a certain corridor to get there, he crossed Steve almost every morning. Sometimes Steve would be on the phone, talking rapidly to someone about some political issue, and sometimes he’d just be walking past.
The man was different. Unusual. Tony had never seen a person like him. He was so remarkably different from the humans and vampires Tony had seen, it was amazing. His eyes were narrowed and sharp, but there was a certain intelligence, a depth in there that Tony instantly liked. His cheeks were well defined and his jaw was chiseled like some of the angels Tony had once heard about. And his lips were a subtle pink, and they looked soft and inviting.
“Mr. Stark.” She greets them warmly, and reaches for his charts at the base of the bed. “And Captain Rogers too.”
“Yup. I dare say I think even Cap’n America looks up to you. I mean, you must be somethin’ pretty special to have Cap’n America like you. Iron man.”
“I just-.” Steve shook his head and blinked. “I forget you don’t remember. You’ve been director of Shield before. That’s a monumental job and you don’t remember any of it.”
It’s unusual that something like this stumps two of the greatest minds of the century. Instead of just answering him clearly, they both seem to be lost in their own world.
Tony could see Steve visibly tense from the corner of his eye. There was almost a nervous energy to him, if Tony paid close enough attention. As it was, the ceiling was actually pretty interesting. Was that magenta colouring, or cream?
Stern and Pierce were staring back at them. Behind them was Stern’s personal group of crows but they were busy chattering away. It was the look on Stern’s face that made Tony start to sweat.
“Hey Tony, that’s it. Open your eyes.” Steve said quietly, feeling the first hint of something more. A warmth he hadn’t known since he’d found out Tony had erased his mind. He felt so drained but seeing Tony moving and breathing-
“Now now.” Robinson held up both hands and tutted, choosing to try with Steve again. “It’s not unfair. I simply want his help with-“
His words slip and he blinks blearily, feeling something cold on his cheeks. It’s hard to tell for sure, he can barely feel his toes.
Tony had always figured that he would be the one to go down on Steve first. It never once occurred to him that Steve would want to do the same for him, let alone make him cum first.
“...M’ssed me?” Tony croaked, and though it sounded like his typical sarcasm, Steve could see the shadow of fear in his tired eyes. They seemed so lifeless now and Steve had never hated anything more the Beyonder. God, what if Tony had lost hope and not thought they’d come for him? Surely he’d known?
Tony twisted his face so that he hid it in his shoulder. But he wasn’t shaking as much as before, he was squeezing Steve’s hand hard instead.
“Wrong thing to say Robinson. Of all the things you could’ve asked for-“ Tony shook his head and sighed. “That was probably the worst.”
It’s a relief to hear. Steve loves their son regardless of his orientation. He’s an omega and Steve accepts that and even-
“I’ll come back as soon as I can.” Steve says with confidence even though Tony can see his hands shaking. “I won’t leave you to go through it by yourself.”
“Alright, alright.” Tony grumbles and shakily pushes himself to his feet, only just about managing. His whole body feels weighed down by an indescribable force, and his head spins and slants and continues to throw him off.
Outside the tower there was a black limo with the chauffeur already seated in place and ready to go. It was that time of day when the sky was bright but the sun was just starting to lower. Something about the sight, calmed his nerves a bit. By the time they’d get to Washington, it’d be quarter to eight but Steve had said that would be fine.
“Fine, what else?” Steve said firmly before Tony could even open his mouth. Snapping it shut, Tony glared at him but didn’t get more than a glare back.
The doors to the internal sections of the quinjet closed instantly, creating a vacuum tight seal that was virtually unbreakable, even by Steve or Thor. The air lock in the back of the quinjet then hissed open, creating an opening into space. On the nearby screens, Steve watched as Carol and Thor tested their coms and proceeded to jump into space, almost gear free.
Steve sighed and lowered the neglected basket down carefully. “I’m saying dance. You and me. After dinner.” He fished two pieces of bread out and placed one on Tony’s side plate and the other on his own.
Zeke broke the silence by walking towards Tiberius and holding his arms out. Whitney stepped back to allow them to embrace and when they pulled back, Ty gave a curt nod.
Steve looks up and sees Carol standing by the door. It’s not Tony this time. It’ll never be if he has any say.
Reed turns to leave. Steve doesn’t stop him but the question remains unanswered, so Steve does leave a few parting words.
“How did you make a version that was so...so easy?” Tony whispered, staring up at Steve like he was some kind of genius. It was Steve’s turn to frown.
Steve glared right back and mirrored him. They both sat and scowled at each other stuck in a stalemate. Tony could see the look in Steve’s eyes.
Slowly he pressed the button and stepped in. It was was like he was on autopilot. The world was distant and his mind was drifting.
The crowd mumbled to themselves quietly, discussing the pros and cons of sending him out. When Tony glanced at the twins, he noticed their eyes were wide with awe and Elijah gave him a quick thumbs up.
Tentatively he reaches out with a hand, keeping Peter secure in the other. To his delight, Steve shuffles closer and takes it, beaming at him like he's the moon and stars.
Sitting up and pressing a kiss to Steve’s bright gold hair, Tony scrubbed at his eyes and pulled away, feeling Steve’s fingers trail his skin gently. Steve groaned and his eyes fluttered awake.
They stayed like that for a while, curled around each other for comfort. Like they were holding each other through a storm of their own making. Staying close, not able to let go for fear of losing each other forever.
“You...okay, here.” Tony sighed and reached out to grab the bags quickly, stepping aside to let the woman walk towards the back slowly. It took longer than it should have but when she opened the door and took the bags back, she smiled gratefully and gestured with her hands.
That stung. Like rubbing salt into fresh wounds, only it was like someone had dropped the salt on him, rather than dug it in.
Alarm bells went off in Tony’s head. “Ah look, pup. If my leader finds out I’ve been fraternizing, it could cause a lot of trouble. I’d rather not.”
Steve looks like he’s been slapped. The anger vanishes from his eyes and all he can do is stare at Tony again.
Somethings wrong, he knows. His body shouldn’t be this shaky. He shouldn’t feel so panicked and it shouldn't hurt this much.
“He’s barely breathing. We don’t know if we’ll get him help in time.” Wanda says quietly and Steve has had enough-
Tony's head shot up and Steve was surprised to see his eyes flare. "It's not that. I didn't want you to find out because I'm not
“Oh.” Tony breathed and ducked a little to look at it. It wasn’t something he’d ever seen before, it was just a species they’d heard about when discussing multiverses with Reed. He’d seen a picture of a fairly large Hulk tsum once and that was it. But this was a living, breathing tsum that looked exactly like Ironman. An
“Stand down soldier.” Steve said firmly with a flinty gaze and Tony paused. “You better fall in line.”
Steve’s nostrils flared. “You sent them to me first. I didn’t start this.” He stated firmly, finally lifting his eyes up to meet Tony’s. They were dark and stormy and looked ready to wage war.
“Of course.” Steve said after he stopped and smiled at him innocently. “There’s a lot to work with.”
“I have his mate here.” His medic said and the group around Steve all nodded and parted like the Red Sea for him.
Tony scoffed and tossed the shattered frame into his open suitcase. He almost felt sorry for them. They were trying desperately to break him when he was already broken. There was no difference between him and the picture.
“Yeah, m’fine.” Tony huffed, and feeling his cheeks burn, he pulled his hand away and cleared his throat.
“O-of course! Take as long as you need commander!” The psychologist exclaimed and quickly pulled the other doctor out.
“But...” Tony couldn’t tear his eyes away from the final notes. The signatures and the clear directive. “I thought you...”
“Stark, can you please deliver these to the commanders office?” Tyler beamed when Tony looked up from his tablet, rubbing his eyes to stop them from shutting against his will. How Ty had managed to approach his desk without him knowing, he’d never guess.
When he flicked back, Steve was staring at him like he was finally seeing him for the first time. Like things were starting to click into place.
Giving up, he sighed and looked up to see none other than Carol. It shouldn't have surprised him but still, he was mildly stunned to see her.
“Thank you, Hill.” Steve said quietly, still scribbling away and suddenly Tony couldn’t believe he was listening to Steve’s voice after so long. Had it really been three months since Osborn?
In response to Tony's stunned silence, Steve buried his face in the back of Tony's neck and pulled him closer, seeming to enjoy the warmth.
Peter rubbed a hand over his neck and turned his eyes to the floor. “I’ve never seen a vampire before. I’m not sure what your take is on spiders but...”
“I suppose. Wasn’t really my idea honestly.” Steve answered coolly, arms crossing over his beefy chest. “You were a suggestion. Thought I’d agree.”
The chair scraped against the floor. Steve still didn’t turn. “You said you’d spent an awful long time waiting for a partner. The right partner.”
Peter made a barfing noise and Thor just laughed thunderously. Natasha didn’t say anything but her eyes danced with mirth.
“Hey.” Tony greeted them warmly as he approached, choosing to carefully ignore their eyes turning towards him with distaste. “Mind if I join you?”
“You’re not a killer at all are you?” Steve smirked, looking like he’d solved the biggest puzzle of all.
”Seems like you haven’t heard. I’m ex-superhero. Just a retired billionaire now." Actually- "Ex-billionaire." He corrected.
Slowly, Steve shifted closer and Tony inclined his head to allow Steve to do it. The chain slipped around him and settled like a warm weight over his neck.
“I must do something about the situation. With Whitney unable to leave, we have a problem. It’s never wise to leave a claimed area un-visited. I’m concerned they may have tracked my own scent as well.”
“What?” Steve croaks and opens and closes his mouth, feeling like something is pulling him down and launching him back into the ice.
Whitney screeched at him and slapped him hard, sending him careening towards the floor. He grunted when the bruise on his back flared once more.
Something had been plaguing Tony's mind actually. And now that he’d noticed, he couldn’t not anymore.
“You’re my soulmate.” Steve tells Tony quietly, and suddenly it feels so much more real. To be telling Tony this, even if Tony doesn’t know it.
“Is that so? Well, why don’t you stay with me in the truck there? It’ll keep you nice and warm while we wait? How does that sound sweetheart?”
"For the record, I missed you too. In case you didn't notice." He tried not to grin harder when Steve squeezed his arm around him tighter. "And I forgive you. I never really blamed you."
“He’s the one.” Steve affirmed and Tony frowned, slightly shifting under the scrutiny. Again, it was like he was missing something, but he took comfort in Steve's presence when he clamped two hands down on Tony’s shoulders and squeezed lightly.
How can you say that-“ And for a moment Tony wants to curl his arms around Rogers because he sounds like he’s in pain from the very thought.
But Fury had mentioned it, he remembered. Fury had said Steve was learning to dance. Had it really all been for this night?
“Do you wish to keep the baby, Mr. Stark?” The doctor asks softly and Tony’s grateful when neither Rogers or Ty move a muscle.
“Mr. Stark.” Stern said with a gaze that simmered. “Maybe you should be careful what you say around here. Word travels fast in our line of work. I’d hate to find out Ironman was being...
Without wasting a second, Norman banged on the door and shouted; “Zeke! I’ve brought your pet like you asked! Better be quick though, his eyes are starting to go!”
“Sure, Cap.” Tony said softly, feeling stunned that his eyes suddenly burn. It wasn’t tears; it was just fatigue. He was exhausted and frustrated. Steve had nothing to do with it.
“How is he? Is he okay?” Steve asks softly, brushing through Tony’s hair gently, and feeling sleepy, Tony smiles at the baby happily and relaxes into the alpha’s arms. It’s a wonderful feeling knowing Steve wants to make sure Petey is-
“That’s playing dirty...” Tony whispered, licking his lips and wincing at the dryness. Steve smiled though, which made it worth it.
Finally they arrive and Tony feels the exhaustion starting to catch up. His body throbs tiredly and his stomach twists with worry. What if he’s making the wrong choice? What then?
The smile vanished from Tony’s face. He let his arms fall loose by his sides again and met Steve’s eye.
Every time the Beyonder brought him to their fights, Steve would see something new. There were always new bruises but there were other things that worried him too. The first time, he had noticed how overgrown his hair had become. The second time, he’d noticed how much thinner Tony had become. Now this time he could see something else.
The local pay area had called the Avengers early in the morning to beg for help. Apparently some kid had gotten into the ball pit first thing and had started crying because the balls had come to life. And when the owner had gone to investigate, they’d noticed some strange, well,
Thank you so much to everyone who's commenting so far! I really REALLY appreciate it!! PLEASE DON'T STOP!! :DDD
Steve’s gaze sharpened just a fraction. “It’s Commander. I’m not Captain America anymore.” And really, Tony had to scoff at that.
Who was this Captain? That wasn’t the first time Tony had heard his name in the family. Was he a threat? Was that why Zeke pulled back instead of attacking? It wasn’t like Whitney to get caught and it certainly wasn’t like Zeke to restrict her movement. It showed a caution that Zeke wasn’t known for.
Pierce looked at him carefully. Then his smile dropped completely and he lowered his chin. “Ah. I’m sorry, I thought you were aware.”
“They’re all useless. Your job is to keep Steve company. That’s all. You do that and it’s a job well-done. You do that and I’ll let you off the next meeting.”
The man wasn’t doing much. He seemed to be massaging at a headache. His fingers rubbed his head gently so Tony figured he was a stresser.
“Of course, of course! See you later sweetheart.” She said and kissed him on the cheek in a mockery of affection before skipping away. Tony wanted to crawl back into the punishment room.
Noting the closeness, Steve looked up and met Tony’s eyes. Then he raked over Tony carefully and his gaze softened and his lips quirked up.
So the question was whether he took it or not. If he did, his company would be okay, that much he knew. But living on the Helicarrier...
It’s so frustrating. It’s like he’s the only one that hasn’t understood. The Illuminati were wrong. These
“Course. Was the least I could do.” Tony smiled tightly, hoping to get something out of Steve but there was nothing. Steve was a sphinx.
Tony coughed quietly against the sharp stone, feeling the vibrations of foot-steps banging on the ground. He thought he heard a woman screaming and the sound of fists swinging in the air. There was also a strange noise of something wet sticking to the walls, and swooping noises.
“He’s not responding to verbal cues but he is aware. It’s almost like he’s gone into bond shock. Does he have a mate?”
"No problem at all." Steve huffed and the sound of metal vibrating came through. "Could use a hand here though. Where are you?"
It took Tony back to when Ty had mentioned his preferences in the hospital. And Steve had completely disagreed. Tony didn’t think he’d like bondage after Afghanistan.
A cough sends him reeling. His chest aches under the force and threatens to overwhelm him. It’s late and his coughs echo in the street.
"Okay. Take a deep breath for me." Tony distantly heard him say and just as he did as he was told, he was pulled back into the bed and made to lean against the pillows. He felt hands trace his torso carefully and press just under his neck for a minute.
“But I do belong to you in a way. You can do whatever you want.” Tony shrugged tiredly, looking down at his uniform in resignation. “It’s only fair, I guess.”
It works like a charm. The one thing Tony notices is that every time he mentions something about the baby, Steve is drawn like a moth to a flame. Like right now, Steve is racing towards him and-
Steve was asking him to lunch. Steve Rogers, Captain America, was asking him to have some lunch. It was almost like a date. If Tony was being incredibly optimistic and totally delusional. Still, it was a nice thought.
“Sounds exhausting. That’s a lot of trouble to go through for one person.” Tony breathed, going back to spinning the ball. Steve bit his lip to hide a laugh.
The man at the door is tall and slim, with somewhat long blondish hair and hazel eyes that gleam as he smiles. His perfect teeth and knowing gaze are full of pride as he steps into the room and straightens his white blazer jacket. He’s handsome and confident and not at all who Tony would expect to see here.
“It’s never easy. But it’s these decisions that separate you from the rest. It makes you a braver man.”
“Well, it’s funny you say that...” Tony said, breaking away from Pierce’s gaze to inspect the detail of the plain floor. “Steve and I aren’t...”
“They’re not important.” Tony glared, yanking the chair out from under the table and sitting in it. “I’ve not got one and look at me. I’m doing fine.”
“It’s the training floor. Sometimes I come up if I can’t sleep.” Steve eyed him with a tired look. “But you already know that.”
“Well, what’d you expect!?” Tony snapped sharply, pulling his gaze away from the endless sky to glare at him. “You don’t care, you made that perfectly clear! I’m sorry but I can’t change the way I-“
“We should try it. This alternating thing.” Tony says and laughs nervously when Roger’s frowns at him like he’s trying to understand him. “C'mon, there won’t be any sex involved. Just some...pillow talk.”
Another part wanted to tell Pierce to shove off because this really wasn’t a good time and he could feel the floodgates starting to give with every second added to this night. Tony clamped his mouth shut and swallowed.
“Hey Tony.” Steve smiled at him on one bright morning when Tony had just started to sink his teeth into the engine of an old Harley Davidson. “Do you mind if I draw you? I’m trying to get back into it, you know?”
"I joined Shield. Just like you asked. I became an agent. Just like you asked. I live on the Helicarrier. Just like you asked. I put on the armor.
The man was so huge. Big and sturdy and clearly powerful in some way. And he looked so different to anything Grant had seen. He had short blond hair that matched the gold of the first sun and his eyes were a bright blue that matched the second sun. The hand he’d stretched out was covered by a red glove that seemed to be part of the strange blue, red and white armor he wore.
Tony frowned and tried to make out who it was through the dark tinted windows. He couldn’t see a face but he could tell Steve had his arms crossed.
Ben didn’t seem to have an answer. For once, the man looked gobsmacked and Tony almost wanted to warn him about flies and open mouths but the man simply shook his head and stepped away from the desk, turning away with a scowl on his face.
“What’re you-“ But then Tony stopped and stared. There was a huge mark that was almost identical to Steve’s shield on Steve’s chest, just a few inches smaller than the actual shield. But at the center of the shield was a small neon blue circle with small lines coming out. It almost glowed against the colors of the shield and sat dead and center, replacing the usual place of the star and that’s when Tony understood.
“Yeah, well. New place and all.” He shrugged and began to shoulder past Steve, who didn’t stop him but did look like he wanted to say more.
With a heavy heart, Tony put his hand on the bed and pulled himself up, feeling the cool frame shift in his other hand. The frame was split too. It was just pure luck that the picture inside was just slightly bent. But the intention was clear.
“It’s not your place pet. You’ve upset him you know. The blood he gives is for you. You can’t share otherwise what will everyone think?”
“I’m okay.” He whispered, equally quiet and reached up to pull Steve’s hand down. Steve let go thankfully but didn’t step back. He was still somehow inches away.
and clap his shoulder and tell him he’s proud of him. Someone else to show him all the films he missed and take him to baseball games.
Reed hums his agreement and looks away. It’s dark outside, as seen through the skylights. Space is vast and Steve suddenly feels so small.
It’s spoken like a promise. Tony shudders under the force of Steve’s stare and feels his cheeks burn hotter under the gaze.
“No no! I’m hungry!” The younger one cried and pushed against the other boy and Tony couldn’t help the grim smile that plastered his face. If he had a soul, he was sure it would’ve been enveloped by now.
Then Ty talks about sex. About how they’ve tried all sorts of things, things that Tony had not even thought of. And had told Tony he’d loved it all, and that Ty made him want to try new things.
Nodding to himself, he shut the suitcase and took it to the bathroom at the back of the plane. Better to change now and see than leave it to once they landed.
“Tony, leave it. That’s not why we’re here. We’re on a date and I chose this restaurant for the night. Something quick and easy, you know?” Steve said with a tight, pointed smile and Tony flushed with anger and humiliation.
Steve’s thoughts had progressively spiraled after seeing Tony the first time. He’d lost so many nights since. How could he
“You didn’t see yourself Tony.” She said in a low tone. “When Steve died, you were leading Shield but it was like you were completely on your own. I’ve already told you, you nearly-“
“Thank you Maria.” Steve turned away from the call room and began to head towards the cockpit, not bothering to address the concerned glances he was getting his way. The Avengers team he’d assembled, consisted of Carol, Thor, Natasha and Hank-an amalgamation of both the secret corps team led by Nick and Maria, and the other, more well known Avengers group. It had been on his request as commander that they assembled.
and Tony seized the chance instantly. However good he was, he’d always been more stubborn than most, even to the prime.
Gathering up his sheets from his station, he stood up and left the lab. Thankfully the others didn’t stop him, even if they did make a comment or two about how the commander was pissed at him. They were probably right-word traveled fast.
“Oh lay off Norman, as soon as Ty get back I’ll-“ Whitney halted completely in her step and let out a high pitched scream of horror, clapping her hands over her mask.
