“Okay, but we shouldn’t wait too long after the grace is gone, if you decide to be an angel again. I don’t know what could happen.”
Cas pulled back and whispered, “Dean, wait.”
Jack looked at his Dads, he saw the worry on their faces. They had gone for so long without the threat of the end of the world. They didn’t need this, not now when everything was going so well for them. He had worked hard to save Castiel from the Empty, along with Gabriel and Michael. With Heaven’s and Hell’s rulers working together it should be a time of peace. They last thing they all needed was something coming for them.
Confused, Jack asked him to clarify.
“What?” Raphael asked, seeing that Cas was not in the mood for this.
“Fine. I like your clothes though.”
Dean laughed, “It’s not strange, it’s… Okay maybe it is strange. But it’s cute.”
He, of course, had all those memories and so much more filling his mind. But to be able to hold them, to see them with his own eyes felt more real than pulling them forth from his memory. After all those years on Earth with the two brother’s, Cas did have a little human in him.
Sam beamed at his brother, he was happy for him. Maybe this was it for him, he could finally be happy. He knew Cas was perfect for him, and loved them together.
“No, it’s Sam. I can hear him talking to Jack, he’s going to come to wake you up soon.”
“Dean, everything has already changed. You’re an angel now. And the fact that we are actually together. But no, I don’t think anything is going to change other than that.”
“Dean and I… He still hasn’t seen my true form.”
Cas nodded, and that was all Dean needed. Dean guided the angel’s cock to his hole, pressing it against it. Cas knew what to do now, any doubt left his mind. He pressed against Dean, pushing the swollen head past the ring of muscle. Dean’s ass was tight, and squeezed around the angel’s cock as he pushed in deeper.
“Yeah, after we are married. You think this is going to change?”
Dean looked up at Sam, his face frozen with concern. He wasn’t sure what was going on, but if it got to Rowena it couldn’t have been good. He quickly called Castiel on angel radio, asking him to come home quickly. Before he could even begin to let Sammy and Michael know that he told Cas, the angel appeared.
Dean shook his head, “Well, besides the obvious of trying to get revenge? No, Jack. Maybe he just wants to make up,” he replied. He didn’t mean to be so sarcastic, but he was on edge and not thinking clearly.
“Okay, let's go get it.”
The Winchester brothers looked at Jack then at each other. They were both thinking the same thing, that there was no way that Jack could really just talk to Chuck. Even though he was now human, he was still too much of a risk. He had eons of lived experience, he knew a million ways of getting his revenge, if that was what he was here for.
Jack didn’t need to search hard to find Chuck. The angel’s strategically positioned on and around the bunker spotted him quickly. Hiding in the woods near their home, Chuck was waiting for the perfect moment to approach the large industrial building.
Meanwhile Castiel got a call on angel radio. It was Jack, asking to see him in Heaven. He wondered if this meant he’d be gone awhile. But before he could respond Jack let him know it wasn’t any angelic duties he was being called for, but instead a family matter.
“That’s because I made my vessel age alongside you. I wanted to grow with you. I kept doing it even after Jimmy died. But I’m not sure I’d be able to continue to do it. Humans age rapidly over time.”
Dean looked back at the clock again. It was past four now, he needed a bit more sleep. Cas seemed to be able to tell what Dean was thinking and reached his arms out. Dean snuggled up against him, resting his head in the crook of his neck and arm. The angel held him close. Soon Dean was fast asleep, safe and warm in his arms.
Dean raced to them, gun pointed at Chuck. He didn’t give any thought before he pulled the trigger. The bullet shot of the gun loudly, hitting Chuck directly in the heart. The writer didn’t have a moment like in the films, where he looked down at his wounds touching his fingers to it before finally falling. No, instead he just fell.
“Yeah, he did just tell God’s Dad that he didn’t support him. Oh and that Dad is an archangel,” Sam said with a chuckle.
“Cas, come here,” he moaned.
If he remained human he’d be able to live out the rest of his days with Dean. They’d grow old together and when they both died they’d go to Heaven. And if he became an angel again, he’d get all his powers and grace back. And unless by some cruel hand of fate he is killed, again, he’d live forever. And when Dean passed away, decades from now Cas hoped, they would remain together in Heaven. Either way they’d be together forever.
“Cas,” Dean whispered.
Dean had taken Miracle on a trail not far from the bunker's main entrance. It was worn over time but the foliage had crept in from years of it not being used. Sam and him had figured the Men of Letters had created and used the path years ago when they were still around. It was a ten minute walk to get through, and at the end of the trail was town.
“Honestly, if he doesn’t ever come around and change his ways, I’ll be okay.”
“Cas, shh. Try to rest. You’ve been through a lot.”
Dean could hear the pleading in Jack’s voice. He didn’t want to but he knew that it might not be safe for him to be in the room. He gave Cas a kiss, and pressed his forehead against the angel’s.
Sam took the gun and nodded, he quickly made his way to the library, Eileen followed behind him. Jack then turned to three angels that were there with them also.
Meg saw Cas, her eyes lit up and motioned for him to come over. “Clarence!” She yelled out to him, trying to speak over the music.
“Anything you have to ask them you can ask me.”
Cas tilted his head, “Where do you want to go instead?”
“What the hell!” Sam yelled as he walked into the room.
“Jack, if Cas decides to be an angel again, then I decide to be an angel also. That way we can still grow old together, at the same rate. Well, your Dad will always be much, much older than I am. But the point remains, we’d be able to be the same, and be together. But if he doesn’t want that for me, then I won’t do it.”
“There’s a bad joke in here somewhere,” said Dean, amused at the whole situation. “So we are just going to have people come in and out of the storage closet all the time like a bad sitcom gag.”
“No. I still have my powers, but I can feel them fading. I think I know what the gun does. It turns angels into humans.”
“Hey, Cas. What are we going to do for the honeymoon?”
“I know, Cas. But it would mean that we could be together for all of time. Forever. We’d have forever, Cas.”
Dean walked over, his dark blue work shirt rolled up to his elbows. “Hey Cas!” He said over the music playing.
Dean spoke, “But what took you and Jack so long to come home? Do you know what we’ve- what I’ve- been dealing with?” He raised his voice.
“It doesn’t matter. I won’t allow you to see them. Chuck you need to leave. The only thing I can do for you is to ask Rowena to make sure that you are never demonized in Hell.”
“I do.”
Everyone gathered in Harvelle’s Roadhouse for the reception. Inside was larger than it had been on Earth, making space for everyone. Jack had to explain to Ellen beforehand that it was only temporarily this large, and would return to it’s normal size the next day. Tables and chairs were placed around the outsides of a large area that had been cleared out. The bar and pool table sat in it’s usual spaces, and a small stage was in the back of the large room. At the front of the room sat a long table, in which the newly wedded couple sat together, along with the best man and hunter of honor.
“What is it, Dean?” Cas asked him, his head tilted again.
“Move out,” Meg interrupted.
Silence.
“Dad, do you have any clue why Chuck would be here?” Jack asked Dean.
Dean went over to Cas, and gently touched the wing. It moved at his touch and Cas let out a hiss of pain. The hunter pulled his hand back slightly before touching it again, this time more gently. They were incredibly soft, yet felt stronger than steel. He sat down on the chair next to the bed and began to look at the wound.
Dean continued, “But I don’t want just forever, Cas. I want you. Cas, will you marry me?”
Alone in his bedroom, Dean tossed and turned. Unable to fall asleep. Finally after what seemed like hours, he sat up and moved to the edge of the bed, throwing his legs over the side. He closed his eyes and searched for the words.
All day the next day Cas couldn’t help but feel excited. He had to just get through this one day of classes, then a half day tomorrow before he would head back to the bar to spend time with Dean.
He had tried angel radio, he had figured that Jack still made sure to not have any of the other angels tune into him for the time being. Once he figured out that it was basically like praying he was able to contact Cas and Jack whenever he wanted, and when they replied it was like talking to them on the phone in his head. Jack loved it, he enjoyed the random calls from Dean throughout the day. Cas on the other hand got annoyed quickly, he was on a case and couldn’t stop every five minutes to talk to Dean.
Dean and Cas explained to Jack about what Cas’ moment of true happiness was, and Dean’s own confession. The night went on for a few more hours until it was getting late. Dean, the only human in the room who truly needed sleep, was beginning to feel drowsy.
“Jack, what are we doing in the storage closet?” Dean asked him, the tight space was cramped and uncomfortable.
When he was twenty he realized that he was bi, and it ate at him for weeks. Terrified of who he really was. The bullshit that his father put in his head made him not want to ever come out. And he didn’t for years. It wasn’t until he went to Purgatory that he allowed himself to be open. Benny was his first real boyfriend, and that didn’t end well. When he finally did come out he was in his thirties, and he only told Sam.
“My death was traumatic for all of us. I thought it would bring forth pain for all of us,” said Cas.
“No! No, Cas I want to. If I could marry you right now I would. I love you and want to be your husband. But this whole planning part is kinda much.”
Cas tilted his head, “Yes, Sam. I said yes. Why wouldn’t I?”
“I know, Dean. Please, try.”
Claire made her way to Cas, hugging him and giving him congratulations. She was happy to see Castiel so happy. Their relationship had begun very rocky, but now it was different. She would never get her father back, and while it still hurt to see his face whenever she looked at Cas, she had grown to love him. He was like a father to her almost. Cas was her family and she wanted her family to be happy.
“We don’t have to live here, Dean. We could live in Heaven. I actually sort of have a home there.”
“Yeah, he’s just in the back right now,” she paused, giving Cas a once over before continuing, “You know, nights you come in Dean seems much happier. Nights that you don’t come in, he talks about you.”
“It will move on, Cas, and find a flower.”
“Still the same, but he’s fine. No, Jack, we have to talk about me.”
“Dammit, Cas.”
“Okay, Cas. Just bring them forth so that we can look at them,” said Dean, trying to be as soothing as possible.
It had been a week since he became an angel. He thought that he would miss the way food tasted, but it tasted just the same. Cas explained to him that it’s different for each angel, and he must have retained the ability to taste food as it should be. Dean felt for him, but it didn’t bother him at all.
It had been almost a week since Chuck had shot at Jack and hit Castiel instead. Chuck had been salted and burned. There was no sadness at his death, no one shed a tear. Rowena had been told, and was excited to have the man who was once God in Hell.
Dean held onto the nephilims shoulder. “What was the project? What are you doing up there?”
“My true form’s heartbeat sounds much different. This is what you hear while I am like this,” he paused. Cas furrowed his brow and continued, “Dean, may I ask you a question?”
“You okay, Cas?” Dean asked, wanting to make sure that he was prepared for what they were about to do.
“Everywhere.”
Cas smiled at Dean. He had missed the rides he had with him. Especially the ones that weren’t on their way to a case, though he did love those as well. He missed being close to Dean. He prayed that things would go back to how they were.
She laughed. “Dean Winchester.”
Dean turned to face Cas. “Dammit, Cas. Your confession, it wasn’t one-sided. It took me longer than it should have, and even then I knew, I’ve known for a long time but didn’t want to admit it for some stupid reason. I didn’t even know that you felt that way. I didn’t understand.”
“Come on. I’ll walk you to your dorm,” Dean stated when they got outside.
“No, I stopped after we came last time because I didn’t think your human body would be able to handle it.”
“Yes, Gabriel, our son,” replied Cas, annoyed.
His last class of the day went by quicker than usual. He was excited to get out of there, leaving with the rest of the class thankful he wasn’t called into the professor's office again. The sound of footsteps behind him in the courtyard got closer and closer, Cas turned to his side to see Rachel next to him.
Cas pulled back, “Dean, I should go.”
He had to figure out quickly how to block it out when Gabriel learned that he was an angel now and kept calling him on angel radio singing show tunes for hours on end. That didn’t stop Dean from calling Cas every once in a while to tell him how his day was going, which Cas much preferred over the constant ‘Hey Cas, if I jump off of the bunker will my wings come out instinctively or will I just hit the ground?’
He began to move faster up and down. Each time he came down, all the way to the base, Dean grinded his hips forward and back in a circular motion before going back up again. Cas lifted his thighs a bit, allowing Dean to place his feet under them, giving him more balance and control.
Finally, after a few minutes he felt his grace settle down. The feeling of the energy surging through him was gone. He could still feel his grace, but it wasn’t overwhelming. He was able to stand up, and think clearly again.
Dean smirked, “And what?”
“Beautiful, dear. Castiel?” Rowena said turning her head towards Cas.
“Oh, he’s still here. We came to another arrangement,” Adam replied.
“You said you saw my true form when you were a demon. It turns out that you saw my grace. Angels can see each other’s grace when they want to, if you try you can see mine again, as I can see yours. I actually enjoy looking at yours. But it turns out demons can see it as well, it was something I didn’t know about until recently.
For starters, him being thirsty that day in the infirmary didn’t go away. It came back every once in a while throughout the day. And hunger started to creep its way in. He didn’t say anything about it though, he didn’t want to worry his family. He snuck meals in whenever he did get hungry, and ate a little bit of the dinner each night. He was glad that they always fixed him a plate as well, even if he didn’t normally eat.
'Jesus, Sam is one ex away from turning this wedding into a battlefield.'
He kept his eyes on the ground, his heartbeat picking up, and the thoughts racing inside his mind, Bobby nudged him with his elbow, and he raised his head to find himself at the altar, Cas facing him, blushing, Green tie hanging around his neck, and beautiful as ever, his eyes watered at the thought of Cas wearing that tie to complement his eyes as well.
“That’s why I love you!” he blurted, and Cas’ grin grew wider than ever, and he laughed, a genuine beautiful laugh, Dean felt his heart flutter, ‘get a grip you’re forty-two'.
“Jo, please stop making out with the groomswoman and come help me out with this.”
Dean watched as Eileen squeezed his hand and gave him a kiss on the cheek, she whispered something in his ears, and Sam’s eyes widened, he put his hand on her belly, and laughed, She turned to face Dean, ‘he knocked you up, didn’t he?’ he signed and she giggled, ‘he did,’ she signed back, 'sam says you've been into gardening lately, I got you some plants, I left them at your house.' He loved gardening mostly because it meant he got to spend more time with Cas in their garden, but also because his therapist said it will help him with his anger issues, 'thank you, I will take good care of them.'
“let’s just say a few apocalypses had me busy.”
“Don’t tell Cas I bought you sex toys, I don’t need his angelic wrath, good luck squirrel. don’t forget to give me a call if you wanna spice things up in the bedroom.”
Dean knew the roadhouse was hosting his birthday surprise party, he knew it two weeks earlier, but he wasn’t sure until he was no longer allowed to step inside the bar.
“I love you, Dean, of course, I want to marry you.”
“Hello dean.”
***************************************************************
“Thank you Cas, thank you for everything.”
“me too, now get up.”
Dean was going to say it first, that day in purgatory, but he couldn’t, he wanted Cas to see him as he said those words, and then when he found him, slightly bruised but devastatingly handsome, he was cut off, and he worried that Cas maybe doesn’t feel the same.
A minute. all It took was a minute.
****************************************************************
Dean was met by his most favorite pair of eyes, and they were full of tears, Cas was full-on crying, his smile hasn’t faded from his beautiful face. Dean felt the need to hug him, so for the first time in his life, he did something he wanted to do. Cas fit perfectly inside his arms, like he always did, only this time it meant more than just a brotherly hug.
"It smells like fire!"
“Now kiss,” Rowena muttered, giving up her professionalism.
"Yes-"
*********************************************************************************************************
“Just a minute, Mom.”
“and I you, Dean, but you already know that,” he answered at last.
“time to get dressed.” muttered Sam as he pushed him towards a room at the back, “you said you’re wearing a blue tie, right?”
Their last dance was to ‘Love, me’ by Collin Raye, this one was Cas’ pick, and only now Dean knew why. He couldn’t help but cry in his husband’s chest, the song was a bittersweet melody, but he loved it.
Dean walked into Harvelle's expecting a party, so he made sure to look surprised when he was tackle-hugged, Cas gently patted his shoulder and led him towards the bar, Jo served him a beer before he could even ask, "happy birthday, Dean." she said with a wink, he smiled and thanked her, and left to catch up with Jack who was whispering something to Cas.
Cas answered him with the longest hug he’s ever had in his entire life.
“I’m so proud of ya idjit.” Bobby said as he took his arm.
A knock on the door broke them apart, “are you dressed, boys?”
****************************************************************
“Dean.”
Dean felt his throat burn, “Cas, Cas- I-” he blabbered as the angel stepped into sight, his heart racing inside his chest, he struggled to hold back his tears, he missed him.
“I do.”
“I love you” he blurted out, ‘so much for a romantic confession’. Dean realized he didn’t even look Cas in the eyes as he said it, he looked up, ashamed, he could feel his face burning.
Dean felt overwhelmed by the number of present guests, Sam invited everyone they’ve ever met, Jesse and his husband were waving at him on the other side of the bar, His dad somehow made it, looking constipated, and two steps away from hate-criming him, but what’s a wedding without some family drama.
Their wedding playlist was a mix of everything the guests wanted to dance to, or thought was a ‘Deancas song’, Jody stole him from Cas a few times on the dance floor, muttering something about how this song was a ‘mother and son’ song, and she deserved a dance.
“I know,” he said, his voice cracking, “Bring it in,” he added, going in for a hug.
**************************************************************
“I know.”
"I'm not good with words but I want you to hear me out, till the end."
“Sam is gonna take care of it, don’t worry,” Dean felt doubt creep into his heart. Does Cas want us to take things slow?
Mary convinced Sam their dad would behave, and Dean was counting on the opposite, he didn’t even bother talking to him, Bobby was the one walking him down the aisle today, Sam was his best man, and Charlie his groomswoman, he got all the help he could need.
“If you’re here today, you know what these fools have put me through for twelve years, dancing around their feeling, eye-fucking at any god-given moment, but I’m glad they finally sorted it out, otherwise I would have tied them up and made them confess their undying love for each other.” Sam’s audience was entertained, the only person who refused to laugh was John, but Mary made sure he didn’t stab anyone.
****************************************************************
‘this is what it feels like to be content with life, to have everything you need by your side’
“Dean, I have been thinking about the most suitable thing to say to you today, but no words ever written, could describe the feelings I have for you, no poems could speak of the fiery passion with which I love you, no songs could tell you how much I desire to keep you safe over anything else in the world, Dean if heaven and hell were to set us apart, I would die before they could even lay a hand on you, I love you, Dean Winchester, and it would be an honor to be yours.”
He looked at the sky, it was a starry night, he wished Cas was there, it would be so romantic to confess to him right then, right there, he missed those questioning blue eyes, and his adorable head tilt, he wanted him in his arms, he wanted them to be together, he couldn’t wait any longer.
‘listen you dumbass, all you need is a minute, just say the words, just say anything’ he hated when he was right, every part of him was screaming at him to speak, not to silence himself again, so he did, ‘dad can rot, you don’t need to worry about him anymore’.
“I thought I’m banned from the roadhouse,”
“Dean Winchester, do you take Castiel Novak to be your lawfully wedded husband?”
"Only for the last decade," he joked "so is it a yes, or a-"
"Of course it's a yes, you idiot," he answered pulling a ring out of his own pocket, "I was going to do it first, but you beat me to it."
****************************************************************
Harvelle’s backyard looked fancier than he assumed it would, but again his son was God, and making a backyard look wedding-appropriate is child play to him.
“yeah I do,” he chuckled, “do you think I-uh I can maybe ya know- uh kiss you?”
"Well it’s a hunter’s wedding, it seemed appropriate."
“Cas, are you having second thoughts-”
“Hell no Cas, I want this more than anything else in this world, I want you more than anything else in this world, I was just worried, you never stay in bed this late, I thought maybe you didn’t want-”
“Of course” whispered Cas as their lips met.
“I do.”
*************************************************************
Today he was still lying on the bed, probably counting Dean’s freckles. He turned to face him, “good morning, honey.”
Dean laughed, he slipped his hand in Castiel's, and the other in his pocket where he could still feel the ring.
“Dean, Sam is gonna make his speech, and you need to come and cut the pie.”
he turned around to find Benny walking up to him, “Hey buddy,” he said, giving him a hug, “I’m glad you finally pulled your head out of your ass and married him, what took you so long?”
“We just got engaged-”
“I will never let you leave me Cas, you know that.”
"Is everything okay dean?" He asked as they sat outside the roadhouse.
Their first dance as husbands was to Elvis, obviously, Dean couldn’t help but sing along to ‘Always on my mind’, that song represented everything he felt for Cas, and he laughed when they slipped on the dance floor.
“We should stop by the roadhouse tonight,”
"IS THAT A RING?" Screamed Jo, and the whole place went silent, as they stared into Dean’s hands.
“Alright kid, go get your dad, make sure he doesn’t get too drunk.”
“When is the wedding?” Asked Ellen.
Cas shifted nervously in his seat, and Dean couldn't blame him for that, he was rarely this serious, and Cas who spent twelve years with him would've known, but he had to speak before he cowers and wastes another twelve years pining again. 'One minute, that's all it's gonna take' he consoled himself with the thought.
Dean and Cas were supposed to walk each on a different side of the aisle, Dean with Bobby, and Cas with Balthazar, who insisted he’d walk him cause ‘he called it’
"Cas, I regret every hurtful thing I've ever done to you, and with every kiss, I give you, a painful memory of what I put you through comes to my mind, and I-I regret it. I regret not telling you to stay sooner, I should have, If only I'd stopped being a dumbass, I would've known that you were in pain as well, and I should've held you in my arms right there, right then. But now I have all the time in the world to repent for my sins, and I want you to stay, I'm asking you to stay, because I love you, and because you are my world.
he realized Kevin did end up picking the twilight song as the one they’d walk to, he never looked up the lyrics but now listening to them, he could only imagine what Cas was feeling.
"Crowley!"
it was their song, all it meant for him once was a lullaby his mom used to sing every night before he slept, but now it meant more than that, it meant letting the weight of the world slip from above his shoulders, letting his love for Cas flourish as it should.
the angel smiled, “I felt your longing, I always do.”
Cas was one step away from starting a fire, but he looked as hot as ever doing it, his hair standing in spikes, each one looking in a different direction, he was wearing the led zeppelin shirt Dean gave him, he hugged him from behind, and placed a kiss on the back of his neck, “happy birthday dean,” Cas muttered, “sorry I burnt your pancakes”
“I got you a little something,”
Kevin and Crowley apparently hated one person more than each other, his father, they seemed to find pleasure in tormenting him, and honestly, he was glad they hadn’t set anything on fire, his dad could suck it up.
Cas' horrified look made dean burst into laughter, "God Cas, I'm not breaking up with you, just come here"
"Only the best for the love of my life."
"And ruin your surprise for you, how could I!" He teased, "I must admit I didn't think it would be this great."
“I’m happy for you, Dean.” Benny gave him one last hug and walked away, he was glad Sam invited him, though it felt a little awkward to have this conversation with him.
“I don’t think I’ll ever get used to that, just a few months ago I thought I could never have you, and here I am.”
He looked around for Cas and found him getting hammered at the bar, doing body shots with Donna, Meg, and Gabriel, and singing along to ‘Angel with a shotgun’.
Dean smiled at him and realized all it took was a minute, one tiny minute was enough to make him the luckiest man on earth. and he was finally happy.
“We can go to the drive-in cinema they opened near the roadhouse, I made sure they play your favorite movies today.”
"So you're the one behind this, huh, and I thought you couldn't be full of surprises."
“I’m grateful I have you two in my life, my brother and my best friend, and I’m happy you found love in each other, so I won’t have to get two different wedding gifts” he held his beer up, “To true love.”
He smiled “what do you have in mind?”
It was a beautiful Sunday, Dean woke up to Cas humming ‘Hey Jude’.
The other side of the bed was empty, he could smell coffee and burned pancakes, he longed for his morning kiss, so he quickly threw on a shirt, brushed his teeth, and walked towards the kitchen.
He searches through his drawer, pulls out sweatpants and a black t-shirt and puts them on quickly before opening the door.
you, and you really thought I wouldn’t care enough for you to let me know you’re okay.”
- for trying to make small talk, trying to find an ice breaker for this situation, but he can’t be bothered with it. There’s a tug at his heart, and it hurts, and he can’t pretend that he’s okay. He’s been pretending all his life and he's too old to do it now.
“I–“, Cas tries but Dean shushes him quickly and the Angel nods quietly.
“I didn’t think you would care this much.” Castiel’s voice comes from the left behind him, “I am sorry, Dean. I– I thought it would be best if I stayed away.”
It sounds more like a question than the request he wanted it to be, and Cas’ hand finds Dean’s jawline in answer; his thumb tracing along the stubble there, the rest of his hand following quickly to cradle Dean’s face. It’s enough to take away Dean’s remaining reservation and he tosses it as far from his mind as possible; hopes it never comes back.
“Allow me,” Castiel breathes and Dean nods. He feels Cas’ grace pool and then surge through his body, healing his fractured hand. Cas smiles at him.
– could never have been more. And he knows that’s because of him.
“Hello.” Cas’ voice sounds small, nothing like usual Cas, and he looks around Dean’s room nervously. “Did you sleep well, Dean?”
“Sammy,” he chokes on a sob. “Sam, you have to call 911.” He looks at his brother, the machete still in his right hand. Sam nods then; the clatter of the blade falling to the ground startling a little in the quiet of the barn. Frantic hands covered in blood trying to unlock the phone.
But he doesn’t.
“Yes, Dean?” Castiel asks. “What is it that you want?”
Dean takes the step.
Castiel is close to him, too close again, in seconds and Dean looks to his side, staring at Castiel in pained disbelief. It’s the first time this night that Cas is
A simple hunt, a vampire nest. Nothing they haven’t done in the past fifteen years. They fought
that you loved me.” Dean shakes his head, thumb and trigger finger pulling at his upper lip.
Dean turns to face Cas, determination set on his face. Or at least he hopes so. “Did you really not know, Cas?”
, for good measure. Finally, he looks up to where Cas is still standing still.
He falls asleep faster than he thought he would.
Dragging himself to his bathroom, Dean turns on the shower, jumping under it to quickly rinse off the dirt and grime from the barn. When he’s done, he puts a towel around his hips and looks in the mirror.
“I love you, too.” Dean says, and it blooms from the pit of his stomach all the way up to his heart, into his face until the blush starts spreading from his neck to his cheeks up to his hairline.
Dean scoffs, taking a bold step towards Cas.
Dean knows it’s foolish to stop his thoughts, because Jack
Cas is back. He looks up at the ceiling.
“No! You don’t get to talk right now. Jack saved you, Cas! He
He knows it’s
Dean wants to smile back. He swallows, and steps back. It’s too close, too much.
” Dean interrupts incredulous, his voice loud. He takes a step closer to Cas, staring at him. His lips, his eyes, the way his shoulders are still hunched a little. It’s all Cas. “He...”, Dean clears his throat, “Sorry, did you say he brought you back? And you didn’t think to, I dunno,
Dean huffs, again, but doesn’t say anything. This was his fault, too.
it, and he doesn’t judge him. No one does.
, he thinks.
“Yes, Dean. I remember.”
Cas. Castiel isn’t wearing his usual attire, just a simple white t-shirt and some black jeans, and Deans thinks, without a doubt, he’s doing this to torture him. He feels his hands start sweating and pushes them against each other. His heart starts racing. He takes a deep breath as he steps aside to let Cas in.
“You can…” Dean takes a deep breath.
, his soul calls out.
know. Cas doesn’t know that when Lucifer put the Angel blade through his chest, Dean had wished he’d died with him; doesn’t know that Dean sunk to his knees next to Cas’ lifeless body; doesn’t know that the image of Castiel’s broken wings burned into the sand still haunt him in his nightmares. He doesn’t know that he was the one who prepared his body for the pyre. He doesn’t know that hours before Castiel called, Dean didn’t care if Billie would send him back or not. He doesn’t know that every time Cas died, a piece of Dean died with him. He doesn’t know that even though Cas came back, those pieces of him stayed dead.
to say in Purgatory.
Dean inhaled the smoke from Cas licking into his mouth as he did so. Fingers rough in Cas's hair he pulled away and blew out the smoke. He curled up with his head on Cas's chest and grabbed a peach. Placing it against Cas's lips he offered it to him. “Cas, why do you call me ‘sweet boy’?”
The motel office was dingy and small, dean hoped the whole motel wasn't like this, but to be fair he'd stayed in worse. He rang the bell on the desk, and an elderly lady emerged from the back room
Gabe paused.
Half an hour later they were all seated in Dean's car, a handsome black 67' impala Sam was using his laptop again, Dean sat in the driver's seat tapping the steering wheel in rhythm to the ac/dc tape that was playing, and Cas sat in the back seat stiffly. It went on like this for a fair while, the silence only broken by the music, and for that Dean was thankful.
He already was. Sam couldn't have kept quiet if he tried, desperate cries of pleasure escaping him each time Gabriel's cock pounded into him. The crop... It felt so good, it brought tears to his eyes. Gabriel was his fantasy, and the energy between them was just building higher.
"Fucking dreams gotta stop" he grumbled getting up from bed
"Do you have any idea how long it's been since I sat on the floor?" Blue mused absent-mindedly, re-lighting the joint in their hand. They took a long puff and held it, passing the joint to Gabe
"How did you...?"
Sam's eyes widened, and he was almost worried about hurting Gabriel's wings when he instinctively grabbed them. It took him a moment to realize that he was safe before he began to actually enjoy the scenery- for a moment. "It's almost as beautiful as you are here." He rolled his hips, hoping Gabriel was up to multitasking.
Meanwhile, there was a whispered "twenthyeith" *giggle* followed by a quiet kazoo sounding from across the table
Blue smiled dripping brightly colored fruit-scented drool down their chin. Sam smirked.
The pleas were so lovely, Castiel hummed a little, tonguing Dean's nipples. He'd wanted to do it every time Dean had whipped his shirt over his head, and he wasn't going to rush as he made his way to the hunter’s turgid penis. He wrapped his hand around him, giving him a stroke. "Beautiful..."
Dean explored Cas's mouth with his tongue, flavors honey, and something reminiscent of rainbows mingled with beer, apple pie, and just a bit of Cas's cum both with undertones of fuzzy peach and cannabis flower. Dean moaned at the taste of him, so sweet. How did he taste like magic? Eyes closed for the kiss, he reached up to Cas's back, and paused, and opened his eyes. Staring, he lightly caressed the long the glistening ebony feathers he stared up at the angel above him "Cas, why can I see your wings?"
The hunter cried out, his hands tightening involuntarily in Gabriel's hair. He couldn't have held back if he tried. He came hard, his body struggling to arch as thick ropes of cum filled his mouth. It seemed to go on, and on, and he saw flashes of light at the edges of his vision.
"Jesus Christ I have the best soulmate in the world, a dozen bacon doughnuts." Dean bit the doughnut and grabbed Cas's ass, backing him into the chair beside the food and sitting in his lap whilst drinking coffee and eating his doughnut, occasionally offering Cas a bite.
Gabe collapsed beside Sam, sighing with contentment and cuddling in. This was all so perfect. The moose was his, after all this time. That empty spot he never was willing to acknowledge, the one he filled by fucking pornstars, it was filled. There was just one thing he needed to say, and it was bursting forth like an alien. He looked up at Sammy with a look of pure adoration mixed with a bit of fucked-out exhaustion. "So.. about killing Dean-o"
It honestly rang as true, and it meant a lot. He jumped as thunder sounded off in the distance just as he held his hand out for Gabriel to put the ring on him.
Dean stared into the stormy depths of Cas's eyes. He knew the angel meant every word he said, even if his stubborn will told him that there was no possible way it could be true. To his eyes, he was unlovable, why this perfect being would want him was completely beyond him. Still, against everything in his better judgment, he accepted the praise with a simple nod, moving his hands deeper into Cas's feathers instead, hoping to change the subject. "Your wings, they're so soft. Fucking gorgeous too."
Watching Dean, Castiel felt his body loosen around his finger, and he added another. Suddenly, he was understanding his desire to recreate this with Dean- why it felt so good to make him cry out and shake. Remembering some of Gabriel's words, he crooked his fingers just so as he worked with Dean's rhythm, driving his pleasure higher.
"Yeah, fine I guess" he grumbled
Castiel wasn't very experienced, and Dean was always the one he wanted to touch him like this. His tongue felt like heaven, and he made a soft noise. "Mm... Dean... Go ahead, I can tell how bad you want to suck my erect penis..."
Intent on obeying- after all, he was a good student- Sam gripped Gabriel's ass, tilting his hips just a bit before he started to fuck him hard, knowing he'd found what he was looking for by Gabriel's reaction.
Licking his lips, Sam looked at Gabriel, panting a bit. He'd hoped he'd get out of saying it but Gabriel was just watching him patiently. "I... we were hunting you. You killed my brother... not so fun times. Can we think about that later?"
"Shifters happened." He grumbled heading to the bathroom "is this actually empty now?"
"Dude..." Dean breathed out with the toke he was exhaling
Hell. Gabriel's words made him lick his lips, and Sam might have leaned into the angel's hand. "Pretty sure you wouldn't need any grace for most of that," He murmured lowly.
Blue looked off into space.
"So, get this." Sam began, implementing his trademark phrase "There's been disappearances the last couple weeks in Coeur d'Alene Idaho, but the thing is every missing person was had been spotted with the previous missing people shortly before disappearing."
Gabe coughed and sputtered trying too late to hide the cloud of smoke he was engulfed in. "Oh, come on Cassie! It's been dull as fuck around here! I needed to do something to lighten the mood." He set the bong down beside him on the desk he was seated on and kicked his legs absent-mindedly staring off into space. Looking back up at Cas and jumping just slightly as if suddenly remembering he was there he half-shouted, "Want some?!" And scrambled to hand over the piece.
"Well if you insist"
Dean froze, and stared.
"We could do that" he finally told her, standing to leave
Fuck, he couldn't shut up, and he stared at Gabriel as he spoke, "Pulling my hair..."
Beep beep beep
"What's the matter Dean-o? Don't like the sound of howling moose echoing through the bunker?"
"I got you a bacon doughnut, Dean," He rumbled after a moment, moving to set down his bounty.
"Oooh!! I'll bring the music!!" Gabe said gleefully gathering kazoos, then turning back to blue he added "share the blue bonbons, my blue beauty?"
"That's not the problem," Dean thought to himself as he forced himself to sleep
Somehow, he was just as needy as before, and he just knew that Gabriel was doing this to him, just keeping him there with his grace, and he fucking loved it.
The bong was passed to Dean, and Castiel tilted his head at him. "You enjoy sex. Are you objecting because we are here? I have heard you discuss things with Sam before. Coitus is normal."
Well, fuck. That was a far cry from 'I can tell how bad you want to suck my erect penis' Dean let out a small squeak, words caught in his throat at hearing the angel talking so dirty, and seemingly with none of the awkwardness he had before. The dominant air he had about him drove Dean wild. Never stopping his fingers in Castiels feathers, He found himself having trouble forming words, finally finding a voice he softly replied "I'd love that, Sir, please, fuck me, make me full"
"Dean?" Castiel stroked his hair back, watching as the green of Dean's eyes darkened. Fuck, the look on his face at tasting his oils...
The pleasure was intense, and Sam keened, feeling like he was on the brink of orgasm just like that. Gabriel was playing him like an instrument, and he held him exactly where he wanted him. He seemed to know Sam's body better than Sam did. He'd take him toward the edge, and he was keeping there.
Blue stared a moment and then fell over laughing
Laughing softly, Castiel curled around Dean, nuzzling his neck. "I did. It's on the stand next to you, as are the peaches." He stroked his wings over Dean, teasing him.
too much before."
Making a pleased sound, Castiel brought his wings down around them. He nearly purred at the taste of them together. "My beautiful Dean..." He whispered against his lips. He stroked his feathers over the lighter haired man's brow, smoothing his hair back from his face.
"You'll just have to find out" she grinned
Considering where his brother had just been digging through, Castiel made a face. "No, thanks, Gabriel." He moved to sit on the bed, taking another hit from the bong before offering it to his brother again. "What do you even have a riding crop
Bucking his hips more quickly now, Dean thrust into Cas's throat at a rapid pace, knowing the angel could take it. Fingers on his prostate, delicious and warm, buzzing with an electric vibration like Dean had never felt. The feeling was perfection, home. Not so much coming from Cas, as much as it was Cas, and it was all Dean ever wanted to feel again. The feeling radiated from the angel, from mouth, throat, and hands. Causing Dean to be taken even higher. The high from the weed just adding to the stimulation, the bliss. Dean had literally been to heaven but had never felt something so perfect in all his life. His muscles tensed, and he arched off the bed. "So good, Sir. Can I cum now, Sir?" He looked down at Cas, face flushed, and sweaty. His freckles stood out more this way, it really was a sight. "Please, Sir?"
"...That's definitely weed." Sam blinked, pushing his hair back from his face. "Gabriel."
"Excellent"
in slightly more legible print. "Truth... hm. I think I know why we were so eager to confess." He held up the jar, then shrugged, packing the bowl again. Eyeing Dean, he took a large hit before leaning over to blow the smoke into Dean's mouth
Taking the jar, Castiel tilted his head as he looked at the jar. The letters were faded, barely visible.
The words were almost broken to Sam's ears, and if anything, it drove him to pleasure his angel all the more. He was a quick learner, and he let his strong fingers tease the golden feathers, paying attention to what drew the loudest cries, what made him tremble, and what made him rock into the bed. He might be human, but he was the one making Gabriel feel like this. He licked up to the top right wing, nuzzling along the base of it. He was soaked in the wing oil, but he didn't care.
Well, maybe they had powers. Maybe they didn't. But this was a pretty cool life so far all things considered.
"Charming." Cas assessed dryly "now we need to get to more important matters. We've had the trickster available at our disposal for three days and we've not even begun to start exploring..."
"Grace" Castiel began "is good for much more than smiting, you see."
Dean remained shocked, but obeyed, scrambling over and onto the very piece of furniture he'd been actively avoiding. Cas stood over him watching intently.
"Hey, Sam. Wheres Cas?"
"I want to fuck you," Sam breathed against his skin, teasing him with his teeth just so. "Spread your oil over your ass and lick you open." He let himself grind against the archangel, teasing them both.
"This has got to stop" he mumbled to himself once he was alone, laying his head on the table
He shook his head hard to rid himself of the fuzzy feeling clouding his thoughts, then grabbed his keys and left again in a rush.
The youngest Winchester quickly fell asleep, completely oblivious to the changes happening within him as the spark set off by Gabriel's grace began to flicker, then grow into something all of his own.
Cas quirked a brow, considering this a moment.
Gabe noticed the marks on Cas and Dean's necks and smiled. Grabbing a doughnut, he eyed Dean, looking at all the marks covering him. "I see we weren't the only ones who had fun last night."
"Oh, it wasn't. It took a fair bit of force to break"
The tricksters chose chairs side by side, plopping down all the snacks and getting comfy, they started talking amongst themselves while waiting for dean and cas to join them.
It took Sam a moment to get his bearings, and he cried out as the crop landed again. The pleasure around his cock, the pull on his hair- it was all building, the archangel reading exactly what he wanted- but what he was giving him was so much more. "Yes," He hissed as the crop landed again, dying to fuck back onto Gabriel's thick cock.
"Thank you mr.. Smith," she said looking down at the credit card and up at Dean
Ah, better- so Gabriel had told the truth about some of the dirty talk. "Your hands have my oil on them. Put more on your hole, then on my dick," He managed to get out without stumbling, looking at his memories of Dean's porn. He nipped along Dean's jaw. "Look at you, trembling before me... under me." He pulled back, Smirking at Dean. "Go ahead, sweet boy."
Gabe pouted, in a very dramatic display of mock upset.
Dean was beyond any objection
Sliding his hands into Gabriel's hair, Sam just knew what the angel wanted him to do. The caress against his prostate was intense, and he let himself show Gabriel exactly what he needed. "Please, Gabe..." He begged, unable to stop himself. He'd had fantasies, dreamed about being with the archangel but this was so much more.
Dean opened his mouth, then closed it in a somewhat fish-like fashion.
"Okay, let me have some coffee then we'll leave in a bit" he sighed
"Whoa, no, no- NO! Overshare, Dean!" Cringing, Sam sat up to look at his brother. "I want Gabriel's cock up my ass too-" He paled, clapping his hands over his mouth as well. Fuck, he couldn't shut up, and he stared at Gabriel as he spoke, "Pulling my hair..."
Blue lit another joint and took two big puffs and passed it.
"Shit, sorry," he said backing up and slamming the door back shut behind him
Dean snorted, "You guys are wrecked. We have some catching up to do," he laughed looking the bong over for just a second then taking a long hit and passing it to Sam.
Sam kissed between Gabriel's wings, tonguing the top right oil gland. "Mm... Have you?" Okay, so sex while flying wasn't easy, but Sam was in shape, and high, so who the hell cared? He was flying while inside of Gabriel, and somehow, his body just knew how to take over, finding a slow, hard rhythm.
He found himself at a bar, downing a glass of whiskey. A pretty young lady sat down beside him
The tricksters faked looking shocked
He sighed down at the dying girl, pulled his knife out of her chest and wiped it on her bed spread
Sam moaned as the angel filled him. He was bigger than any of the toys he'd ever played with, filling him up just perfect, stretching his ass. He cried out into the kiss, nipping at his lower lip. Yes, need you, Gabriel, need your cock.
"Well, I ain't celebrating." He mumbled
The Seraph stared down at him, and suddenly Dean was being moved, lifted, and pressed into the mattress on his back. His clothing disappeared with a thought, leaving them both completely nude. Castiel kissed him, licking the taste of his seed from his mouth. He nipped at his mouth, grinding against him. "Mmm... Mine, Dean. I want you every moment of every day... always."
Dean came with a cry, and Cas swallowed everything he was given. He crawled up Dean and pulled him into a filthy cum flavored kiss, then with a snap Cas's clothes were gone too
"Pass that over." Castiel made a face at the drool on his chin, wiping the bong's mouthpiece. He took a hit just as the door opened and the Winchester brothers entered. He had to laugh at their faces.
Cas snapped his fingers and Dean's clothes were suddenly folded neatly on the table. Cas stared intently at dean and cocked his eyebrow again. Dean suddenly was startled to find he couldn't move.
Dean was glad with the change of subject, although he didn't really feel like being locked in a car for 20 hours with the object of his reoccurring dreams
Dean just let out a small squeak, but the tent in his pants spoke for him.
Castiel gasped against his lips, knowing that his oil had to be coating Dean's hands. "I want to be inside of you, Dean. I want to hold you down and take you hard and fast, show you exactly who you belong to- show you how much you've claimed me. I want to fill you with my cum." Castiel was fairly sure that was how to put what he wanted into words, but still. It was hard to think with Dean doing that.
"Where did you go, Dean?" He asked him
"What do you both have in your mouths?" Cas questioned with a tired sigh
The angel sent the command to his mate, more of a prayer to Dean than anything else. He hoped that he'd hear it, but he let some of his grace caress Dean, in addition, to ensure he obeyed. He wanted to drive him as wild as possible. Thick ropes of cum filled his mouth as Dean finally came, and he immediately made plans to do it again in the near future. He gathered the come on his tongue, then moved to cover the green-eyed man's mouth in a dirty kiss.
Gabe looked Sam in the eyes. "Listen to me Sam. I'm not going anywhere. We're soulmates, we claimed each other. I'm not just going to leave you after all that. You're stuck with me now, kiddo." He planted a kiss on Sam's lips "Besides, I can't leave you alone with Cassie and Dean-o now! That'd just be cruel. They'll be at it all the time and you'd be stuck third-wheeling it even worse than usual. Better to stay and give them a run for their money."
The caress pulled a moan from his lips, and Castiel nipped at his mouth. "That feels so good... I'll have to let you play with my wings after I use my mouth on you." He decided to give in to Dean's change of subject, nipping and kissing his way down Dean's throat. He made a pleased noise, leaving a trail of marks to claim him.
Castiel considered the peach before he bit into it. He rolled the bite around in his mouth, trying to do as Gabriel told him. Perhaps sober Castiel wouldn't have been able to, but like this... He moaned as the flavor hit his tongue, quick bursts of flavor as it came together. "This is delicious!"
Dean finally snapped out of it, returning to reality.
"He was very nice when he questioned us earlier," she told him, unfazed by his trepidation. "Wasn't he, fellas?' She added looking up
Beneath that was
Tendrils of the vibrating warmth moved snaked around him, probing experimentally at his rim, then plunging inside, dean let out a small squeak at the welcome intrusion
"Good, Dean... that's so good." Stroking his hunter’s hair, he saw no point in holding back the sounds that Dean pulled from him.
Gabe was so into Sam's movements that he didn't even register his words, they wouldn't have made sense anyway though, how could they? Sam couldn't possibly be scenting his wing oil, could he? He keened at the sensations of Sam touching his wings. Oh, fuck. It felt so good. Oil glands leaking he let out a breathy cry. "Wait, did you say something?"
Cas spoke louder
"Potential that could solve any number of issues in the universe.."
Cas sat beside him
They drove on, hardly speaking for several hours, though Dean was no longer tapping along with the music and in fact sat rather stiff. 17 hours later they arrived in Coeur d'Alene
He pulled off his cock with a pop, Castiel shot Dean a knowing look. "Ah, my sweet boy..." He flicked his tongue over his frenulum, teasing the beautiful man further. "I pay attention. You and Sam are far more willing to discuss your sexual proclivities when you are drunk or high, regardless of how it simultaneously repulses you. The pornography you consume..." He smirked, toying with Dean's sac before he raised a dominant brow at him. "My good boy, holding so still for me..."
Cas's wet, muscular body stood before Dean once again
"What in the fuck is a battle kazoo," sam asked, confused
Gabe frowned "Hey. I take offense to that. A drop of my grace formed you. By default that insults me too. You're made partially of angel grace, a divine substance. You're divine by nature."
"And you guys say we've not been planning for battle" Blue pouted
Gabe added another finger and kept sucking, enjoying Sam's glee at the archangel's ability to take his full length in, causing a notable bulge in the smaller man's throat. He moaned in recognition of Sam's compliment and began licking his balls when getting down to the hilt.
Blue and Gabe left the room and returned a bit calmer.
When Castiel crooked his fingers Dean saw stars in the corners of his vision. He gasped, gasp turning into a moan. Thrusting his hips in a steady rhythm he fucked himself from Cas's fingers into his mouth. His fingers pulled at Cas's hair, gently guiding him.
"This is far more interesting. Besides, I was worried that if you knew what the soul bond did you wouldn't be up for it. I didn't know what I would do if you said no." He looked Sam in the eyes "You're not the only one that doesn't take rejection well, Samsquatch."
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose and looked the angel over, "Look Cas" he said lighting the bong and taking a hit "It's not that I don't love sex. It's not that I don't want Sammy to get laid. I just don't really wanna watch, and listening to Casanova over there go on about how he's going to ravish my brother isn't really my idea of a great Saturday night"
Leaning forward, Sam licked between Gabriel's wings, burying his fingers in his feathers. "Mmm... fuck, Gabriel." The way he tasted... Finding an oil gland with his fingers, he leaned down to lick at it.
Dean woke in Cas's arms. The thought crossed his mind that he wanted to wake this way every morning from now on. He nuzzled his chin into Cas's neck, letting his angel know he was awake. He knew Cas wouldn't be asleep, and wanted to let him know that they could start their day.
"You and sammy have fucked so much that he has angel powers"
Just then from down the hall they heard voices, "Do you smell weed?"
Gabe kissed Sam firmly. "You deserve spoiling. Enjoy it while we can, we'll have to get back to the bunker by morning. I'll bring you back here sometime though. We'll make a habit of it."
His thrusts becoming quicker though still just as controlled Gabe focused on the prayers "that can be arranged" he told Sam in a low voice, snapping his fingers. Just like that Sammy was on his hands and knees with grace buzzing over his cock again, enveloping it in a buzzing warmth of electric pleasure. Gabe stretched him from behind, pulling his hair, riding crop in hand. A glorious smack filled the room as it made contact with Sam's ass.
Rachel stared at him, waiting for his answer. Cas shook away the thought and told her he was fine, she didn’t believe him. “There’s something up with you lately, Castiel.”
Before Cas answered he vanished. Dean groaned as he got up. He was used to Cas flying off to god knows where often. He was even more used to Cas being vague about where he was going and what exactly he was doing.
“Oh yes,” replied Jack with a smile. “Rowena is family, she’s my aunt basically. With me running Heaven and her running Hell, it’s only right that we get along. Things are going well.”
Finally, when he turned back to head into the main entrance room of the bunker Dean’s phone buzzed in his pocket. Eileen had texted him back, they were headed home and would only be a few more minutes. He paced, thoughts racing a mile a minute, as Jack and Cas discussed Chuck’s sudden presence.
“I’ve been told, yes,” he replied in a monotone voice, never slowing his pace back to his dorm.
Cas continued to pound into him. Dean felt his ass redden with each slam into him. He was raw and open, come pouring out of his cock and ass. He no longer moved his hips in tune with Cas, and instead let the angel thrust into him, taking over control.
“Boys, I am so happy for you both,” began Rowena. She continued, speaking louder for everyone to hear, “We are all gathered here today to witness the bond of marriage between these two men, hunters and angels. A bond that began in Hell and truly begins in Heaven, right here and now. A love powerful enough to transcend beyond Heaven and Earth, and defied death countless times. Shall we begin, then.
Several hours passed, Jack had said his goodbyes for now, reminding everyone if they needed him to just pray for him. Dean knew that he would return again next week for dinner as well, and in the meantime he would come whenever he was needed or wanted.
Dean shot him a look of annoyance. “I know that, Jack. But where in Heaven?”
“Things have changed between us, Cas. But… shit!” Dean slammed his hand down on the top of the steering wheel.
Dean leaned down, his back arched, hips thrusting backwards onto Cas’ throbbing cock. He positioned his wings just right, allowing Cas to grab onto them at the scapulars. The sensation of Castiel’s hands on his wings sent Dean over the edge again. His cock angry and throbbing as he continued to spurt onto the soft grass below him.
“Hello, Dean! You miss your Auntie Rowena?” She asked the child.
“Probably because two archangels just appeared in front of them. And more than likely because Sam told them about us,” replied Castiel out loud.
Castiel smiled at Dean, “I went out and got flowers, ones suitable to the bees in our area. And put them around the cameras. That way when the bees get confused about whether or not the camera is a flower, they won’t have to go far to find a real one.”
“Actually, if you want you can stay for however long you’d like. I got things under control in Heaven. I’ll call if you are needed,” Jack interrupted.
Cas gave a half frown that was full of sarcasm. “It’s true. But I like this outfit. And I do have several suits and overcoats. Just because it’s the same style doesn’t mean it's the same.”
“Yeah,” Rachel replied shyly.
Cas interrupted, “We are together.”
Dean kissed Cas, drinking him in. Cas melted into Dean’s lips, parting them allowing Dean to deepen it. He moaned slightly against him, wrapping his arms around him. Cas suddenly took control, picking Dean up and pressing him against the wall, holding him up like he was weightless.
Cas decided against leaving his room, and opted to instead try to get back to sleep. He prayed the dream would come back to him, but it never did.
Dean winced at Cas’ words, he didn’t want to think about Cas dying. Not again. Sam got up and took their plates into the kitchen, Eileen following him helping him. Dean and Cas sat alone at the table.
Cas positioned himself between Dean’s legs, his eyes wide and unsure of what to do, but his body knew. Dean grabbed the bottle again and poured some into his hand before rubbing it on the angel’s cock. Stroking it, making sure it was ready for him.
“I know. Thank you for this though. The chance to see them again before then.”
Jack and Cas laughed. Dean’s reaction to seeing them as they truly were, in their bodies, was exactly what they had thought it would be. Dean was bewildered by the sight of Cas’ garden, and of them.
“I know. I don’t have many people left. And when he does die, he’ll be in Heaven. And we can hang out anytime we want. Plus think about how amazing hunters we’d be. Unless someone had an angel blade, Cas and I are good, no monster is going to kill us. They aren’t usually smart enough to even know what an angel blade is, let alone how to get their hands on one.”
Dean smiled. He didn’t want to think about Cas leaving again so soon. Not after they were finally reunited and had opened up to one another. He hated Jack having to leave as well, he wanted his whole family together. But he knew that this was better than the past few months of hell he’d been living in.
******
“I know it’s one sided, and that’s okay. I just don’t want to make you uncomfortable.”
They had been wandering for some time now, and time is what they had. Immortal and free of the bonds that tie humans to the Earth until their inevitable death. They had seen all that Earth had to offer at first. They swam to the depth of the oceans, flew to the highest peaks and looked out upon the land.
Dean Winchester had never planned a wedding. Nor had he ever even imagined that one day he would be planning his own. And if you had told him over a decade ago that the dorky little angel with the spikey hair and backwards tie would be the one that he would be marrying he would have laughed at you. And if you then told him that he would be marrying that angel in Heaven and that he too would be an angel he would have thrown holy water on you, suspecting that you were a demon trying to trick him.
Cas thought about it a moment before replying, “I guess it would. But I don’t think it would matter much after a while. I mean, you do it and it doesn’t bother you.”
“A few days ago, I guess,” replied Dean.
Dean sat down, defeated but hopeful. This was a start, they knew that the language was whatever Sam had found and they had one word they knew for sure. The screams had stopped a while before, and that both worried and comforted Dean.
“Dean, there is something I do need to ask you.”
Dean opened his eyes, the dust from sleep crusted over his lids, making it difficult to open his eyes. Rubbing them, he looked around the room. The memories of earlier in the night flooded his mind.
“Oh, I called him Dad,” replied Jack, stating it as a matter of fact.
“If you are thinking of us doing what I think you are, I’ve never done this before.”
“Dean, that’s a very serious decision. I can’t tell you what to do, but just know being an angel isn’t simple.”
“Dad, his wing was injured. I’m going to have to look at it. I’m not sure if you will be able to safely.”
“He really is amazing isn’t he. Okay, we will have the wedding in Heaven. It will be big, with our whole family there. Well most of them anyways. Lots of flowers for you, and bees of course. A Zeppelin cover band, and lots of burgers, pie and beer. Oh and Baby, I want Baby there too.”
When he had told Dean this, Dean made him promise to not do it again. Castiel becoming human was one thing, him fading with his grace was a whole other story. One that Dean never wanted to hear. Cas didn’t want that either, and agreed with Dean.
Castiel pounded harder, his cock throbbing, threatening to fill Dean’s tight hole. His eyes glowed blueish white as he began to come. Letting his grace slip from his cock and into Dean, sending him over the edge. Dean cried out as he began to come, spilling out onto Cas’ stomach. His balls tightened, cock throbbed, eyes glowed as his loud moans were muffled by Castiel’s mouth.
Dean laughed. “You have no idea, Sammy.”
Claire went next, bold as ever. Castiel was last, proudly walking down the aisle, smiling the whole time. Finally the four of them were at the altar with Rowena standing between them. Dean and Castiel faced each other, they smiled at one another, it was finally happening.
******
“To what?”
“I’m not sure. A few days,” replied Cas.
A few nights after they got back home to the bunker, the two archangels sat in the Dean Cave together. Dean was glad he still could taste things, and not just the molecules, cause he didn’t want to give up beer and pie. Which he dug into as he and Castiel watched old westerns throughout the night. When they didn’t spent the night having sex they spent it in here just enjoying each other’s company. Halfway through the second movie of the night they began ignoring the film and ended up talking for hours.
“Cas,” whispered Dean.
Rowena smiled and turned to Castiel. “And dear Castiel, do you take Dean to be your husband. To have and to hold from this day til’ the ends of the universe. For better or for worse, for angel, for human, in Heaven and on Earth, to love and to cherish; from this day forward.”
“No. It made everything worse.”
“Cas, what’s happening? How are you here?” Sam asked frantically.
At last each drop of Castiel’s come spilled out, filling Dean up. He leaned forward, his forehead resting on Dean’s. His breathing never changed, never out of breath. Dean relaxed his legs, fingers no longer clawing at his husband's back. The couple kissed again, this time less needy and more slowly.
Jack put his hands on his temple, and once again his eyes glowed gold. Dean felt a sudden surge of power flowing into him from Jack’s fingertips. It flowed through his entire body like electricity. He could hear the energy, pounding through his veins. And as Jack removed his hands, it kept flowing.
“Yeah, like years of having to eat, go to the bathroom and sleep. On repeat until you die. Won’t that get annoying?”
“Look, I know you’re busy with Heaven and everything. But if you could get just a minute free. Think you could come home?”
“No, if you lock the door no one can get in. It also means they can’t get out,” replied Jack. “Oh! I do have one gift for you.”
Dean pulled back from the kiss. Cas slowly opened his eyes, speechless at what had just happened. Dean smiled, that beautiful smile that Cas loved so dearly.
Dean shrugged. “It wasn’t that big of a deal. Still isn’t. Cas, heal me up, man.”
“But, if he chooses to be an angel again. You can do that. You have the ability to create new angels. He just has to be completely human in order for you to do so. But if he chooses that, then I choose that too.”
After dinner Jack and his Dads went back to the infirmary to take a look at Castiel’s wings to see if they had healed properly. And if he could even bring them forth to the material world.  Cas was nervous about this, he hadn’t told Dean or Jack that he could feel his wings and his true form getting weaker as his body was feeling better.
Cas swallowed loudly. The room was silent, except for their breathing. Dean realized what his suggestion sounded like. He hadn’t even thought of that, of them sleeping together. Not that the thought had never crossed his mind, but in this moment it had not.
“Give it a moment, and it will calm down. You should always be able to feel your grace. But it won’t feel like this after a few minutes. It will be like… underwear… you won’t notice it unless you want to,” Jack said cheerfully.
Dean had gotten a hang of most of his new powers. Teleporting was getting much easier, and angel radio was now easy to turn on and off for him. But it was smiting that he learned the quickest. Smiting monsters for two weeks was a hell of a good time, though Dean did prefer his guns and knives at the end of the day.
They wandered in silence for a while, walking hand in hand. Cas pointed out important and special areas of the garden. He told Dean the names of all the plants and flowers. Dean was impressed by Castiel’s garden. It was beautiful.
“Yeah, I’m okay,” Dean replied, swallowing.
Just as he came there was a knock on the door. Dean’s hand froze. Cas stared at him eyes wide. He forgot to listen for Sam,
“But your Dad, he… he seemed upset by it. I don’t know why though, shouldn’t he want you to be happy?” Jack said, his brow creased in confusion.
“Yes, but I’m not alone now, Dean.”
Sam smiled, “Yeah, didn’t expect it to happen so fast though.”
“Yeah, that’s a whole other story for another time. If he wants to stay human, I’m not going to tell him not to. It’s his choice, and I’m going to be happy with whatever he chooses.”
Jack shook his head, “I’m not sure. It’s been over two weeks and he still has some left. It could be another few weeks.”
She laughed softly, “Yes, really. For women it’s called a maid of honor. But that’s normally something the bride has. But I guess whatever you want to call me doesn’t matter. But yeah, I’ll do it.”
Dean replied, “What?”
Cas stayed in his room the next day studying, instead of going to the library like he normally did. Raphael had classes all day, which meant peace and quiet for the time being. He was unable to focus, paying more attention to the time than his notes that were spread out in front of him.
Turning the corner and stepping down, Dean stared at Cas. He really was here, it wasn’t a dream, and he kept true to his word. He stayed. Dean went over and hugged Cas again, squeezing his shoulder as he pulled back.
“Yes, yes he is.”
Dean continued, “Cas, you always had me. You could have told me. Even when I didn’t realize how I felt about you, I still loved you deep down. It just took longer for me to realize. But you always had me.”
Cas took a deep breath. “Rowena is going to be coming by the bunker sometime soon. There’s an issue back home.”
“Trinkets? Cas, you have trinkets?”
Dean shrugged, leaning back in his seat. “You already asked me this, Cas.”
He handed the gun to Sam. “Sam, you and Eileen need to go and find out what these symbols mean. And fast, it could help us figure out what he did to Dad.”
If you didn’t accept us then you shouldn’t have come here. I really do hope that you can one day, Dad. I really do. Cause even with all the bullshit and trauma I went through because of you, for some reason I still love you. I miss you every day, Dad. But I don’t think I can miss someone who doesn’t want me to be happy.”
“This it?” Dean asked quizzically.
Dean was taken back by Cas’ words. He thought what he had seen as a demon was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. If that was just Castiel’s grace, then Dean thought that in his true form he had to be even more beautiful.
“I’ll be around, I got nowhere to be as of right now, Dean.”
Cas was feeling well enough to move around, though he was still incredibly weak. He felt as if he was getting weaker by the day, but it wasn’t a bad weak. He didn’t think that he was going to die or anything like that. He couldn’t figure out exactly how he felt.
“How long have we been here?” Dean asked, finally realizing that it had been hours since they made their decision to be angels.
“Cas, stop it. I do. We just haven’t really talked about it. But I do want us to be together.”
“Alright, but I should have been told about this. Does Sam even know?”
“Dammit, kid. If you want to come home before Thursday, that’s fine just don’t wake everyone up.”
Dean turned to face Jack, who was staring at their hands. He had a look of bewilderment and joy. Dean gave a half smile, looking to Cas, searching his face to figure out what to say.
“Dean, it’s okay if you want to hold off and wait,” Cas said after several moments of silence.
Eileen nodded her head, she was confused by it but being dead one moment and alive the next wasn’t anything new to her.
“Dean, did you know?”
“Yes, that is normally what happens to humans. Are you dying?”
“Well, I am an angel, Dean. So yes, I supposed that was a ‘holy fuck’.”
Getting out of bed, Dean mumbled to himself about Jack.
Throwing on the dead guy robe, Dean groggily made his way to the area he had heard the sound coming from. He could have sworn it came from the direction of the garage.
“Hey Cas,” he mumbled.
“For doing this for me. I didn’t ever imagine that you would want this or that it would even be possible. What do we do now?”
*****
Cas slowed his pace, and leaned down to kiss Dean. The kiss was less heated, and more gentle. Cas pulled out and laid on top of him. Dean wrapped his arms around him, their cocks pressed against each other, now softening in the post orgasm glow.
“Dean, I’m not sure if that’s a good idea. If I became and stayed human, we could grow old together. The proper way.”
Cas’ excited smile turned to a frown, his eyebrows creasing with frustration. “It’s trying to pollinate the camera? Dean this isn’t good.”
“I love you too, Cas. But thank me for what?”
“Get these clothes off of us!” Begged Dean, his voice breathy and deep.
Between his last two classes Cas decided to sit in the library, hidden away in a corner alone, trying to get some last minute studying done. Checking his email he found one of his professors had emailed him. Reading it over his heart dropped. His essay was well written, and he had passed but it wasn’t enough to raise his grade.
“What do you mean you’re ‘not sure’? Jack, I don’t know if you know this, but you’re God now. And the old one is here suddenly,” stated Dean.
“She told me that you’ve been hanging out in a dive bar every night for the past few weeks. I think this might be why you are failing your classes, Castiel.”
“Cas!”
Sam went over and gave her a quick kiss, before explaining to her that once Dean is awake, Cas would explain exactly what going on.
“Yeah, but Cas we can’t just bring a bunch of souls from Heaven to Earth without there being issues that go along with that. If you haven’t been paying attention, since Chuck and the whole business with Billie and the Empty, we haven’t had any major Heaven issues in a while. I want it to stay like that.”
“When Jack and I were opening Heaven, Rowena helped us. She found an ancient book of magic in Hell, the magic from it helped us.”
“Yes, and that only leaves Hell.”
Chuck took a deep breath. “Fine, Jack. I need to ask them something important about me. I’m human now, thanks to you, and humans die.”
“No, they would still be living. Jack found a way.”
“Classes, work and more classes,” replied Cas sarcastically. “What about your days off?”
“Yeah, and we’ve only been gone for a couple of months.”
Dean looked down, “I know, how could you? How could I?”
Jack looked between them, grinning. “I am happy for you both. When did this happen?”
Dean grinned, “Yeah, it is.”
Cas said his goodbyes finally, several hours later, when he realized what the time was back on Earth. But before heading back home to the bunker, he made one stop in paradise. A place not far from the garden, but untouched by anyone else, angel and deceased soul.
“Yeah,” Dean yelled out.
“Jesus, Jack! I’ve been praying for months, you never answer my calls!” Dean blurted out, not realizing how harsh he sounded.
Dean continued, “Yeah, well not really. Benny and I, in Purgatory, we had a thing. I’m not sure what you’d call it. But we were together. But that was Purgatory.”
“Cas, no. If I’m really awake, I’m not going to go back to sleep.”
“Hello Dean.”
“You better not be thinking of taking Baby for a joy ride, kid,” Dean stated as he walked into the massive garage.
Dean quickly got up, mentally preparing for the worse. He tried asking Castiel what was wrong, but he got no answer. He led Dean into the library, where Dean’s laptop was open on the table. He had let Cas use it earlier in the day.
“So, what’s it like? Do you feel any different?”
Several months had passed since Castiel had been taken by the Empty. Jack was in Heaven, fixing the place, making it truly a paradise. Sam had Eileen, and Dean was utterly alone.
Cas’ eyes looked down, nervously. He had thought that Dean would prefer it if they were both human. The fact that Dean wanted him as he truly was was a comforting thought. It meant that Dean really did love him.
“Yes, this Friday.”
“Cas! Cas! Are you okay?” He cried out, his voice breaking.
“No, well yes. But it’s not a big deal. We figured Dean would have to get used to being an angel. If he did indeed become one. We didn’t know what was going on. But I’m glad you are both back. Congrats, by the way. For being angels. This is weird.”
“Dean, it’s not that I don’t want you to not be happy.”
“Come on, Dean. What happened? Are you two together finally?”
“Why don’t we live here? I mean we could always just angel magic it bigger. Get a bed in here.”
“Anything Cas,” replied Dean as they stopped walking and turned facing each other.
Dean nodded, and put the keys in the ignition. Baby started up with that beautiful rumbling purr that Dean adored so much. He didn’t think he should ask Cas what Jack wanted. Heaven was in good hands, and it was far out of the reach of Dean’s understanding of what exactly they were doing. He knew the basics, making Heaven what it always should have been, creating new angels, and the like. But other than that, the how, he didn’t think he could understand. Though Jack and Castiel thought different.
“Cas, what the?”
“Fun! They tooks me to the park!” Little Dean exclaimed excitedly.
Sam smiled quickly, “Uh, yeah. Our dog. We found him after…” he trailed off, remembering the pain of Cas’ death.
Dean lifted his head, “Here, Cas. Put your arm under my head.”
Sam entered back into the room before Dean could finish his sentence. Cas watched Dean, unsure of what the hunter was going to tell him. Dean was frustrated at not being able to tell Cas that it wasn’t one sided. He would have to try again another time.
“If anyone sees Diana, could you send her to Alice’s place. She’s been looking for her, and I don’t want to deal with an upset Alice, again. Thank you.” A voice suddenly boomed inside of Dean’s head.
“Boring as well. Should you be drinking on the job?” Cas asked in reply, his eyes narrowing.
Dean focused and the echoing sounds disappeared. He would have to get used to that. Jack seemed to be focused on angel radio as well, replying to whatever angel sent the message out.
“Not for sleep, Cas,” replied Dean. He walked over to the angel and pulled him close to him.
“No, I’d much rather ask them. They aren’t the ones who destroyed me.”
Dean lifted his foot up and the board came up off the ground slightly before thumping back down. A long nail stuck up off of it, slightly coated in blood.
Cas couldn’t help but laugh.
“Boring, but I wasn’t working that much this week. You?” Dean replied, taking a swig from his beer.
“Cas, there’s nothing. What did you see?” Asked Dean.
******
“Shut up,” Dean replied bluntly, pushing back Sam. His face red with embarrassment.
“Painful? Why?” Eileen asked, not knowing about the confession.
“Dean, are you okay?” Cas asked him.
The next day Dean went for a drive in Baby alone. He needed to clear his head before he called Jack. He needed to make sure this was what he wanted.
Dean and Castiel proceeded to an open space in the roadhouse that was being used as a dance floor. All My Love began playing throughout Harvelle’s as the two pulled each other in close, swaying gently. They stopped paying attention to their family surrounding them, watching them as they danced their first dance as husbands.
Cas took a deep breath before beginning. “I woke up in the Empty. I don’t know how long after I died it was. But Jack was there. He was talking to someone, I presume the Empty itself. They were arguing. Next thing I know I was in Heaven.
Castiel agreed with Jack, deciding to stay on Earth. He missed this, the bunker, the Winchesters, all of it. Staying away for so long pained him. He couldn’t do that again to Dean nor himself. He finally had what he always wanted; the hunter next to him.
“I don’t know, I guess I’m afraid.”
“I don’t know, maybe he was just being hopeful.”
Cas sobered up instantly, confused as to why Dean was apologizing to him. Dean turned around and walked away without saying another word. Cas was confused by Dean’s sudden change in mood. One minute he was kissing him and the next he was leaving. Cas had a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach about the kiss. He didn’t want to think about it but he knew that Dean regretted it.
Dean grinned, “Awesome.”
“Wait, so you don’t want to be human?” Interrupted Dean.
Dean set the bottles down in front of each of them. He used his silver ring to take the caps off, letting them hit the table with a cling. He did the same to Castiel’s beer.
Dean shushed Cas, and pulled him in close. Kissing his lips, parting them with his tongue. Cas closed his eyes, opening his mouth, letting Dean in. Dean’s mouth was soft and warm. Dean let out a slight moan as he deepened the kiss, moving his hand down Cas’ shoulder and back, letting it rest on his lower back.
“Good, now I need my sleep.”
Chuck had made the gun when he made the Equalizer. He found it rather ironic that Jack had the power to do to him what this gun could do.  He called it The Fall, and it was hidden away in his jacket. Not a living nor dead soul knew about it.
“Jack, this is… this is amazing,” said Dean.
Dean couldn’t help but almost yell as he came. It was intense, more intense than any orgasm he had ever had before. He clawed at Castiel’s back, digging his nails into the angel. Cas buried his cock in his hole, letting his come spill out into him until the last drop.
Cas took a step forward, reaching his hand out touching Dean’s shoulder. “I’m alive, Dean.”
Dean nodded and returned to the dishes. Part of him was jealous, and Jack seemed to notice this.
Two celestial creatures danced together in an endless vast void of stardust and rock. They towered over even the largest beast that mankind could ever dream of. If you could see them as they wandered the cosmic universe, seeing all that there is to see, you’d never again have sight. But at least the last thing you would see would be two of the most beautiful creatures there are.
“Dean, I hope that my being here isn’t causing any discomfort,” said Cas.
“Dammit. Hannah said something similar yesterday. Rachel, I’m not forming any habits, I don’t know where Meg got that from.”
“Dean, you okay?” He asked his brother. He was worried for Dean and Cas.
“Cas and I will go to Heaven to let him know,” stated Dean. He stood up and walked towards the hall, nodding for Cas to follow.
“We do, but certain demons and angels don’t like the idea. But I got bad news dear, those demons weren’t alone. You left one alive.”
“It could have been a way to buy time, but we can’t rule out the possibility of it telling the truth,” Cas said.
“Look, Cas, if you really want this, I’m not going to stop you. But it’s not what I want. I want the real you, the angel you. If you become and stay a human, it’s not going to stop me from loving and wanting you though.”
“Why?”
“Is everything okay, Dean?” Cas asked him.
“Hmm?”
It was Cas who first saw Chuck begin to move his hand, reaching for inside his jacket. Instinctively, he adjusted his position. Chuck was quick, but Cas was faster. As Chuck pulled out a large silver pistol, Castiel wrapped his wings around Jack, shielding him from the bullet.
“Yes,” replied Jack, smiling. He went over to the bed and sat down. Dean followed and sat next to him.
******
Hidden to the left of them was Dean. As soon as he saw Chuck reach inside his coat, Dean already had his gun drawn and was making his way to them. Jack was unharmed, the bullet never hitting him. His eyes glowed golden with anger. He could see Chuck, whose face was one part furious anger and one point terror and confusion.
“But,” stated Dean.
“Cas, I love you. I have loved you for a long time. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you before. I’m sorry you thought it was one-sided. I’m sorry you thought it was something you couldn’t have.”
Sam pretended to be innocent. “I don’t know what you are talking about.”
“Cas, I know that.”
Jack came over and placed a hand on the wing. It glowed as he healed Cas. Cas let out a sigh of relief. The pain was gone, but he still felt weak.
“You’re hanging out at a bar almost nightly, Castiel. I’d say that’s it's a habit.”
Dean got halfway back to his bedroom before he stopped. The kitchen light was on. Who the hell is up and eating at this time of night?! That wasn’t like Sam nor Eileen.
Cas made his way to the front as Hannah walked in, her eyes darting around the shop. “Hello,” he said politely, smiling at her.
Cas appreciated Dean trying to comfort him, in his own way. But he wasn’t sure if Jack making him an angel again would be the right thing to do. He stayed silent for a few minutes, pondering over the situation.
And now, since this wedding is already very untraditional, given the fact that I am the Queen of Hell and the living are sitting with the dead. It’s time for these two angels to exchange vows that they had written. Dean, you may go first.”
“Cas! Please! Fill me!”
“You know, we have a study group every Friday night, you could join if you want,” she suggested to him.
“Cas, can I ask you something?” Dean asked.
Cas broke the silence. “Why are you doing this?”
The day after their ride, Castiel had to leave again. He had gotten a call on angel radio, and he went back to Heaven. He had promised Dean that he would return soon. Dean believed him, he knew that it wouldn’t be too much longer before he saw his angel again.
“I didn’t think I was invited. Given the fact  I heard about the party from Meg.”
Cas nodded silently. He had kissed people before, but none had felt like that. None has tasted like that. Dean’s kiss was a miracle in it’s own. The hunter’s lips were soft and sweet.
Cas did as Dean had said. Dean rested his head on the angel’s arm, moving in towards him. He settled his head in the crook of Cas’ neck and arm. Cas laid there awkwardly for a moment before wrapping his arms around Dean.
“I don’t understand,” said Jack.
He was seeing Dean’s grace as well. He never imagined what Dean would look like as an angel. He couldn’t imagine that Dean would be this beautiful. His grace was bright, shining all around him, circling his body.
Dean looked to Cas, “When did this happen?”
“You’ll make it work.”
“Dean, get off me,” grunted Castiel.
“What are you guys doing here?”
Sam was taken back, he had known for a long time now that Dean and Cas had feelings for each other. Anyone with eyes could see that. But he didn’t expect it to ever come out like that. He wondered if Dean knew how Cas felt about him.
“Destroyed? You are alive, I let you live. They would have killed you on the spot given the chance.”
“So what does that mean?” Dean asked.
“Jack, what? Underwear?” Dean asked. He was confused but understood what Jack meant.
Dean turned to face Cas, he reached down for his other hand. Staring into Castiel’s bright blue eyes, Dean took a deep breath, steadying himself for what he was about to say.
Several days before, they had begun to write their vows for one another. Castiel had his prepared rather quickly. He knew what he needed to say to Dean. He had already said so much, and knew that there was more for him to say. And since that day in the dungeon of the bunker so much has changed. So much had grown between the two of them. He only had to write the things that he had wished he had said and what he wishes to say over and over again for the rest of time.
“Dean, just because you’re basically immortal now, and bullets can’t hurt you, doesn’t mean you should get shot for fun,” said Sam. Even though he was the younger of the two there were times when he was more mature.
“No, don’t. Don’t try to justify it.”
“Heaven and Hell are at peace with one another. Well, mostly. Okay just peace between those ruling,” the witch said. “Now, let’s get on with it!”
“Good morning, Dean,” Cas said softly. He ran his hand through Dean’s hair.
Dean turned to Cas, “Cas, is this what you want?”
“When is Sam and Cas gonna be home?” He asked her.
“Claire, if it would be too hard to see them, you don’t have to. You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to do.”
Cas gave her a curious look. “I can’t just move out, Meg.”
“Anytime really, once we get bored of the party we can just leave. We don’t have to stay the whole night. We should at least go say bye to everyone though. Why? Ready to get going to Vegas, Cas?”
They made their way to the bathroom to shower. While Cas didn’t need to shower, he could get rid of my dirt and grime with a thought, he did like the idea of being naked with Dean. Dean had made it clear that this was to wash, and he didn’t want it to lead to sex. Dean wasn’t the biggest fan of shower sex. It was uncomfortable and complicated.
“Fine. I have to get going, but next Friday come to the study group.”
Dean settled down, fuming by Cas’ words. He didn’t want him to leave, but knew that Cas had a job to do. It would hurt to see him leave. Cas stared at him, seeing the pain in his eyes.
“Okay, so get this, there’s lore here about an ancient language, like enochian before enochian. It’s said that it’s what God originally spoke,” said Sam.
“Dean, it’s been three days. What happened? Are you...”
Dean headed out of their bedroom, still laughing to himself. Even after all this time on Earth, and after everything he had learned. Cas was still Cas, some things just went over his head. It was adorable really, one of the many things that Dean loved about him.
“We can’t risk it. There’s still a chance that you could be hurt if you see them. It’s a part of his true form. He’s going to have to bring them to the material world in order for me to try and fix them.”
“We could go anywhere, Dean, and you want to go to Vegas. I don’t see why not though.”
The two watched for another moment, suddenly there was movement on the screen. A fat bumblebee booped against the camera. Cas got excited pointing at it.
Chuck was done with the small talk, “Jack, I need to ask the Winchester’s to do me a favor. I don’t want to go to Hell, and I know Heaven is out of the question.  The Empty and purgatory aren’t places humans go. I need to ask them to give me a break. I think I deserve it. Being human is hell enough.”
“Well, if it isn’t the Winchesters. Couldn’t last that long without needing my help, could ya,” Gabriel said from behind them.
“Cas, why wouldn’t he? He knows the real you. It doesn’t matter if you are still using Jimmy’s likeness as a vessel. He doesn’t love Jimmy and he’s not into Jimmy. He loves you. I don’t think Dean has ever looked at you and saw Jimmy.”
Castiel then appeared as he fell to the ground as well. A pool of blood began to form next to his body. The three humans weren’t sure at first where it was coming from. Dean raced to his side, not sure exactly how to help him. He took the angel in his arms, resting him on his lap.
“Focus on where you want to be and when you want to be. This is tricky, the when part. I find it easier to focus on a person, normally it would be you for me. Focus your grace on that person or spot and…. just go.”
Rachel rolled her eyes. “I told her to invite you. You know she has a thing for you, right?”
Before any of them could get another word in, Rachel came up to them. She caught Castiel’s glance. “Cas, did you let it slip to your roommate about the party?”
“Dean, are you okay?” He asked urgently.
He embraced his brother and then Cas. Eileen congratulated them both, hugging them tightly. They were excited for Dean and Cas, this was the best news they had gotten in a while.
Dean turned to Castiel, “What about you?”
Even with the pain of what had happened, being with Sam did make things easier. His brother was there for him, even if Dean never told him the full truth about what had happened.
Cas watched him, he could tell that was a lie.
He felt it in his very core, a burning inside that dared to rip him apart. He had tried to go out on a few hunts with Sam, and by himself. But it didn’t relax him, not like it used to. It used to be after a successful case, Dean would be able to get an extra hour or two of sleep, now days he gets even less.
“Cas, I love you. I have always loved you. At every turn since you pulled me out of Hell, we have been destined to be together yet throw apart from one another. And now we finally have each other. And I don’t want it any other way. I want to be an angel with you. I want that more than anything, because it means that we’d have forever together.”
“Does she want us to track it down or is she going to handle it?” Cas asked in reply, his head tilting slightly to the side.
Dean tried to tell himself for the first few weeks that if he said it back to Cas, then it would have hurt more. But not saying it at all burned, it was a pain that never went away. He sunk deeper and deeper into a depression, knowing that he had and still does love Cas, but he would never get to tell him that.
They faced each other, a foot of empty bed separating them. Dean blinked a few times, telling himself this was really happening. Cas was really in his bed. He was really here, alive, and in bed with him.
“Thank you Castiel,” she replied. She began casually browsing the table in front of the register filled with used paperback books. “I’ve been hearing from our professors that you aren’t doing too good right now.”
“Cas, what… What did that taste like?” Dean asked him. He remembered Sam telling him once that Cas had told him that food tasted like molecules.
Dean had spoken to Sam and Eileen about the decision that Cas was going to make, and about his own. They were both supportive of each of their choices, but knew that no matter what each of them picked, things would be totally different.
Dean and his dog walked around the small town for a bit. Miracle got the attention he loved, while Dean made small talk with a few locals he had come to know, and others he only knew in passing. Lebanon was a nice town, small and quiet. Not the usual place for monsters to lurk about. Dean enjoyed that fact, given that his home was here, he much rather that the monsters and demons stayed away from where he could sleep safely each night.
, he thinks.
He feels thrown back to that Godawful day. It’s still there, hovering over him, and it still takes his breath away. Cas had looked happy, and content, like it didn’t even matter that he had to leave him. Like it was okay to die. And it was, for Castiel it was okay to die that day because it was for Dean, he knows that much now. But for Dean, when Cas was gone, everything else didn’t matter anymore. His heart races, and there’s cold sweat pooling at his hairline.
. He repeats it, five times,
The drive back to the bunker is awkward at best. After 50 miles, Sam asks if they should listen to some music, but he’s only met with silence. Dean grits his teeth and shakes his head, while Cas shrugs his shoulders.
killed me.”
he thinks. His heart is going to stop. They need to talk first. They need to. Dean knows it, but Cas is too close, and it’s only this one step and he could–
“I feel your reluctance, Dean. I know Sam is waiting in the car, and I know it’s late. I know that despite my healing, you’re still worn out and tired. I know you don’t want to talk about this right now.” Cas still smiles, and Dean wishes he wouldn’t.
, he thinks.
Dean looks away.
Dean stares at Cas, and Cas stares right back. There’s a softness in Cas’ gaze that hasn’t been there before. Or maybe Dean just didn’t see it.
He’s wondering, now. Did Cas not know how he felt? Did Cas really not know that his mind was screaming
A smile starts building, working its way free, up to his face, and he can feel Cas smile against his lips, and then their teeth bump against each other clumsily and, much to Dean’s regret, they break the kiss. He can hear Cas giggle, and then laughs, too.
, he thinks.
“Hello, Dean.” There’s a soft smile, playing only around his mouth, the Angel’s face otherwise serious. Dean gasps, the familiarity of Cas’ voice makes his heart clench.
He thinks that there have been many things he didn’t see. Too many damn things he didn’t say. It’s time to change that now.
I cared!” Dean shifts his weight apprehensively from one leg to the other and back again, then takes a swift step forward. “You don’t think you changed me, Cas?”
can’t be happening. There’s no way that’s Cas who’s coming straight for him. He saw him die. He
Courage isn’t something he has.
“Are you sure I am welcome?”
It takes Dean a minute to realize they’re alone again, and he stiffens. Why can’t this be easy?
Suddenly, the weight of the day crashes over him, and it brings him to his knees.
“Put it away.” Dean’s voice is stern, and it makes Sam flinch, ripping the earphones from his ears. “
it. He feels Cas pull him from the rebar, then the light brush of a finger against his temple, and when the pain subsides, he
, he thinks when he sees piercing blue eyes staring right into his soul.
, he thinks.
, I watched you be taken by the Empty, and you didn’t even think to let me know that you were okay? After you–after you told me that–” Dean huffs and turns away, doesn’t want Cas to see the hurt in his eyes take over. Cas knows Dean’s anger. He doesn’t need to see his hurt.
Dean’s eyes are fixed on the road, but Sam can see they’re brimmed with tears. A quiet sob escapes Dean’s throat unwillingly.
Dean knows it’s not going to be easy, because when has their life ever been easy? Love isn’t easy. But he knows with absolute certainty that it’s worth it.
it’s true; it’s Cas. “You...”
He turns away again, wishing he was strong enough not to, wishing he was strong enough to see the look in Cas’ eyes, but he isn’t, because when he closes his eyes, he feels the tears roll down his face freely without his consent. He wipes them away with the back of his hand. It’s better he stays like this.
you at the top of its lungs; spreading from the pit of his stomach to the deepest parts of his heart? That he was ready? Right there in Purgatory? Did Castiel really not know?
Dean can feel the heat radiating off Cas’ body now, can hear his hitched breathing. Dean still thinks that Cas is not close enough.
is worth it.
“I can come back tomorrow, if you would like to continue this conversation.” Cas says, and Dean frowns at him. He didn’t even–
“Your room is still– uh. It’s still like you left it.”
meet, Dean’s world stops spinning. He doesn’t know how to feel, or what to feel. He knows his heart hammers against his chest in staccato. He knows that Cas’ left hand is still cradling his face.
Tired feet carry him to his room, and he sloppily brushes his teeth and quickly changes into a t-shirt and boxers and flops down onto the bed. The covers are cold, and they feel nice against his warm skin.
Dean leans his head against the window. It’s cold against his temple, and the sensation calms him down. He wishes he would fall asleep quickly, so that he doesn’t have to think about Cas, sitting in the back seat of his dead father’s car. He wishes his soul wouldn’t tug at him, begging for him to be closer, closer,
all this. He knows the basics, and that’s enough. Dean pulls the car keys from his pockets, tosses them to Sam and he catches them easily. He leaves without another word.
, was just
He wakes up with a throbbing headache, a dry throat and the dooming knowledge that just 30 feet away, Cas is in his room, waiting. He swallows an Advil with a glass of water and hopes for the best.
. “You could come to the bunker with us.”
Dean takes a deep breath, and the words leaving his mouth next feel like venom on the tip of his tongue. “I was dead. The minute you decided to summon the Empty,
Because Cas
Cas’ eyes are closed in the back seat, but they both know he’s not sleeping, just giving them their privacy.
Castiel nods, and something in Cas’ gaze shifts, and Dean thinks, for the first time, he might realize how important he is.
, he thinks. He sees Cas leave, and
“I know what you meant. Yes, you are. Your–“ Dean opens the car door and gets out, his joints cracking with every move. He pinches the bridge of his nose and exhales sharply.
40 miles later, Dean pulls over, and he stops the car at the side of the road. He takes a deep breath and asks Sam to drive. Sam agrees and doesn’t ask any questions.
close and he acknowledges it, not pushing him away or walking away himself, and Dean thinks he could pass out on the spot from the proximity. Cas’ eyes still shine so bright, the ocean blue so clear it makes him want to sink into them and never come back up for air. There are crinkles next to his eyes, soft and shallow, and Dean wonders if Cas chose to age his vessel. It would only take him a second to touch Cas’ cheek, trace a thumb along his jaw. It would only take him a small burst of courage to kiss him.
, he prays.
“Just, just a second,” he says more to himself than anyone else.
Cas stands there, awkwardly.
“Umm. My brother, he–” The phone slips from his hand and falls to the ground when Sam recognizes the figure walking over. “Cas?”
?” Dean feels his anger take over and he stabs a finger against Cas’ chest. “I watched you
at the top of its lungs.
Dean knows he isn’t fair about this, not entirely. He knows that, maybe, no, surely, there was no other way than this. Not without knowing then what he knows now. But it’s been months since they defeated Chuck, and so it’s been months since Jack brought Castiel back, and he didn’t think to tell him.
There’s a faint knock on his door, and Dean’s not sure if he’s ready. He knows he’s not.
“Thank you, Dean. I will leave you to sleep now.”
Dean knows, and partly appreciates it –
“I helped Jack,” Cas states. Simple, as it is. A fact. Dean knows it’s more than that, though. It’s an argument. It’s an excuse; an explanation for why he couldn’t be down here, but Dean doesn’t want to listen to it.
to do here. He’s not entirely sure he’s succeeding with it. He knows he’s beating around the bush, trying to avoid the inevitable by shifting the blame onto Castiel. He’s working up the courage to say it, to say what he
Cas is here now, though. And it changes everything, because they start to bloom again, and Dean doesn’t know if he’s strong enough to stop from watering them anymore.
When Dean wakes up in the bunker’s garage, Sam is shaking his left shoulder cautiously. “We’re home.” Sam smiles at him, then at Cas in the back and gives Dean back the keys. “I’ll... I’ll leave you to it,” he says.
