"Don't worry," Mike piped up again. "Johnny hasn't been interested in anyone else in months. He almost bit my head off when I tried to get him interested in a really fit bloke," he went on crudely, with a broad grin.
“That is... out of the question!” Jacques cried, his moustache quivering with affront and his French accent stronger than ever. “I refuse to take orders from that...
They were lying in bed together, with Sherlock on his stomach in order to spare his bottom, which was still sore and red where John had hit him with the riding crop – even if he was quite enjoying the throbbing echo of the pain. His head was resting half on John's shoulder, and his fingers inscribed circles around John's scar.
The next morning, John and Sherlock were already at work in the office when Mike came in. Sherlock was sitting at the desk with John standing next to him, reading over his shoulder as he typed away at the keyboard of a laptop computer.
"I love you too," Violet said with a tired smile. "I shall always love you." She closed her eyes. It would be the last time.
John had never committed any offence against him that was as bad as Sherlock picking that lock. John had kept every single one of his promises, had respected every condition and wish Sherlock had ever expressed. Well - John had sometimes left himself some room for interpretation … but he'd never misused Sherlock's trust the way Sherlock had just done. Sherlock knew that, and he felt miserable about it.
"John's getting dressed," Sherlock's deep voice sounded from the living room, so Mike shrugged and went in. "He'll be ready in a moment," Sherlock said when Mike was standing in front of him. "No, he didn't forget he has a lot to do today and will be out of the house all day," he added with a thin smile. "Tea? Coffee? I can have another cup brought up."
He was rewarded for his self control with a hot breath ghosting along the head of his cock. The resultant twitch found Sherlock's hips bearing down against the bed to keep from pushing up.
“Sherlock,” John said, drawing back, looking thoroughly debauched even now. His eyelids seemed heavy, and his hair was... everywhere out of place. And his lips. Sherlock wanted to bite them. “Bed.”
His balls tightened and he purposefully clenched around John again on the man's next inward thrust, hoping to elicit more sounds from his dreamer's throat. He wanted it harder, he wanted to feel John's cock inside him for days after they woke up. He wanted to be walking sideways with a tell-tale limp that people would assume was from this very act of intimacy.
He had to stand to properly divest himself of his trousers, and John nodded toward the overnight bag on the chair, figuring it was probably best to be prepared for all eventual outcomes so they wouldn’t have to leave the bed again. Once he found the small bottle in the side pocket, Sherlock crawled back onto the bed, positioning himself between John’s spread legs like a cat of prey prepared to pounce.
He was still dressed in his robes from the day before, so he supposed he was right in thinking he'd been out wandering about with Sherlock until Merlin knew when.
The receptionist--who was now red to the tips of his ears--had been about to set their key card on the countertop, but he paused when the option of a new room was laid on the table.
He came with a barely stifled gasp against Sherlock's shoulder, moving carefully in and out of Sherlock's stilling body until the last drop had been taken from him and over sensitivity began to kick in. He stopped moving but held Sherlock near, bodies still joined, while their trembling slowed and breathing returned back to a more regular rate.
John's eyes snapped open and his hand stuttered to a halt, quickly covering himself out of modesty, like a teenager getting caught having a wank. He looked to his side, now snapped out of his reverie, and wondered if an enthusiastic wank on the other side of the wall had just made him paranoid. He took a deep breath, telling himself he just had a guilty conscience about being in a porn shop.
If he went in, what would he find? How would he feel about meeting his match and knowing she was a junkie? But maybe she wasn’t--maybe it was accidental? His head was swimming in the rush from the fact that all that separated him from her was a set of doors. His heart pounded with an adrenaline and hormone rush that had come on so suddenly that it was making his head light. It was too big a choice to make in the time he had. When would he find her again if he didn’t go in now? And what if it was up to him to save her?
"Pinky has a message for Professor Watson," the elf said, holding out a piece of folded parchment in her hand.
The underside of his cock had a rather prominent vein and John was running his tongue along it while the head rubbed torturously against his soft palate. He could feel every ridge along the top of John's mouth against his glans and it lit a desire in him for so much more. He wanted to push up into that warmth, to learn the texture of John's mouth with his own, with his fingers, with his cock.
His tongue glided along the side of Sherlock's throat, slipping around and applying a careful pressure to a slow-bobbing Adam's apple. If there was one part of Sherlock's body that was more sensitive than the rest, it was most certainly his neck. John had learned it very early on in their relationship and had used it to his advantage ever since.
John supposed it was a good thing that he had somehow ended up in Sherlock's good graces, though he didn't have a clue how he'd done it, just that he hope to stay there.
"I'm going to get you some water, paracetamol, some crackers, and a cold flannel and you're going to be the ideal patient."
"I'm awake, I'm awake. What's wrong?" He sat up, rubbing at his shoulder a bit as he did first thing every morning. Sherlock had climbed onto the bed, into his lap, and was jabbing him in the hands with something pointy and it took a moment to find his coordination skills to grab the detectives hands and still him. "Jesus, Sherlock, that's kind of sharp--" And then John realized it was morning, it was too-early o'clock and Sherlock was stabbing him with a bit of plastic and--
John rolls over so that he’s facing the detective, hands wandering up Sherlock’s chest and right arm at the same time. “To you as wel--” A cat-like yawn interrupts him and he follows it with a quiet bout of giggles. “To you as well,” he repeats, smiling his just-for-Hamish-and-Sherlock smile. “I thought for sure Hamish would be up before us.”
“I can’t believe we did that,” he says, shaking his head, but there’s not an ounce of regret in his tone. He just sounds incredulous. “I just got home from a funeral.”
“Emma Watson. She’s an actress best known for the Harry Potter films, in which she played a brainy witch who married the ginger sidekick. We are not naming one of our children Emma Watson.”
“There’s a twist, though.” Isn’t there always with Sherlock Holmes. “The receptionist knows I’m a prostitute. Perhaps he’s deduced it from the way I hold myself, can see that I’ve got a love-bite from an enthusiastic client. Maybe he’s even used my services himself.” John was flooded by a special rage at the unbidden mental image of Sherlock in bed with the young man from downstairs, and he frowned before Sherlock continued: “Either way, he knows. And he’s not letting you into his fine, upscale hotel with your rent-boy.”
He left the toy perched at the bottom of the stairs and went back up to the sitting room, where Mrs. Hudson was entertaining his daughter in her lap. The telly was on in the background, playing something with talking ponies, but Annabelle was captivated by a puzzle cube Mycroft had gifted her at her birthday. He could hear the marble inside rolling around as she worked it through the maze.
On the first stroke, Sherlock's entire body tensed under the onslaught of sensation, clenching around John's cock invitingly. The other man made a soft sound in his ear, almost a gasp, almost a moan, but unquestionably John.
Sherlock shifted below his weight, his hips moving enough to make John’s eyes flutter. John was about to speak--he needed more time, he wasn’t ready for Sherlock to move much. His body had nearly acclimated to the slick stretch and sensation, but....
"On your rounds a few nights ago, you were abducted by James Moriarty, a man who has been pretending to court Professor Hooper in order to gain closer access to my younger brother. He and Sherlock squared off in the Room of Requirement, and at some point, I'm to believe you lost consciousness as a result of a potion given to you by Mr. Moriarty while you were under the Imperius curse."
Hamish is sitting cross-legged on the rug, tapping at the floor with his pencil just as he has been for the last twenty minutes. His crayons are strewn about, along with a half dozen broken nibs. There was a short tantrum about six minutes ago, and the light blue and red crayons are not likely to make any sort of recovery.
John reached down to his belly where Sherlock's arousal was hot against him, and began to fist him slowly, giving him the attention he had neglected to give for the duration.
A hand touched the back of John’s left calf, but he stepped forward, ignoring Sherlock’s warning. Sherlock ignored his often enough. John was allowed this solitary outburst to defend the father of his children.
And there it was: the knowledge that hit him every time he pressed the tip of his cock into Sherlock's body in recent days. They were doing this for something so much more than the simple pleasures of an afternoon shag. Their bodies were working together to create something so basic, something people had been doing on purpose and by mistake for thousands of years.
John squeezed his eyes shut tight, because no matter what universe they were in, that was pretty much always true. His fingers curled in Sherlock’s hair, still just a light grip. He was almost fully erect now and there was little in the world that he wanted more than the feeling of Sherlock’s lips against his naked flesh.
The fingers retreated and John dared to lean a bit closer to say "I don't have a condom" in a voice that he was proud to say did not shake with disappointment as he thought it might.
“Oh, Christ,” John gasped. He grabbed the other man’s shoulder with his free hand, canting his hips upwards to thrust further inside. John's grip on the toy forced it down at the same time. Sherlock's thrusts followed, at once fighting to take up the same amount of space inside the toy as John and also to get closer to the throbbing cock pressed against his own. They paused there, fully sheathed, breathing against each other and slowly leaning closer,
"It'll be alright, love," John said as he sat down. "It might take some time to get there, but it'll be worth it, yeah?"
“And where is your father now?” John didn’t realize his jaw was tight until the end of his question.
When the town car dropped John off in front of 221B, it was already dark outside and the dusting of snow was enough to crunch softly below his feet as he approached the steps. Upstairs, he could see that the lights were off, though he had to assume that Sherlock had already made his way home, or else he was going to have to have another conversation with Mycroft about Sherlock being out, unsupervised and certainly underdressed in the snow.
this, but it wasn't something he could--or wanted--to do on his own. Sherlock's almost shy disconnection from saying things about the solidified concept of parenthood made John feel like he was trying to keep a distance in case his proposal was rejected.
John began to move in and out of his lover, leaving kisses on every bit of skin he could reach as he did so. He was thrusting slowly, wanting it to build. With all the sex they'd been having and would have, it would be impossible to tell which time their child had been conceived. There was a certain amount of determination to ensure that every single encounter was one they both enjoyed, that they'd each found fulfilling, where they'd shown each other exactly how much love was there between them without words.
Instead, he just wanted to calm Sherlock down and talk it out logically. It was normal to feel some level of panic, he was sure. They hadn’t planned for two children. They’d probably not even planned enough for
If John intended to take off Sherlock’s trousers, he was going to have to release him eventually. The detective was sure he could tempt the man into letting go to make work of his zip, and he set to work by thrusting his hips upwards into John’s chin. But the grip on his wrists was almost painful in the most wonderful of ways, keeping him down as John pressed his chin roughly to the exposed naval below him.
John blows out a long stream of air between slightly-parted lips before running his hand through his hair. “Hamish is going to be a big brother.” It sounds like he’s trying the words on for size. He looks back at Sherlock, eyes drifting down to the flat of his stomach. “Figured if we were going to do that again, you’d make me carry it.”
"Sherlock," John gasped, grasping at the hair on the upper left side and lower right back of his lover's head. "Sherlock, I'm close." There was more precome now and Sherlock was happy to realize that John's taste was almost identical to the man from the dreams.
Instantly, the girl was standing at the front of the classroom, leaving her book behind at her seat.  She spoke animatedly, using her hands as if she was flipping through vast notes on the subject. "Amortentia is the most dangerous potion in the world, or noted as such, because it is a powerful love potion that causes short-term, obsessive infatuation. It is illegal to use the potion worldwide without written permission from local authorities."
Fingers moved around to his cock and John's thumb flicked over the head to wipe at the moisture before wrapping around tightly and starting to stroke from tip to base.
John cried his friend’s name and slid the glass door to the side, momentarily getting rained on by an icy spray before he managed to turn it off. The space wasn’t made to hold two people who weren’t paying close attention to the way their bodies were angled and John was sure he’d have a bruise on his left hip in the morning, but his first priority was to get the trembling detective to warmth.
The man was talented, there was no denying it. With every pull of those lips, John grew harder, until he was grabbing at the wall again, pretending he had broad, masculine shoulder blades in his grip, and he was fully hard, pushing into that hot mouth and not even thinking about the fact that he wasn't wearing a condom until the heat disappeared for about six seconds--may well have been six years--and then rolled one onto him with the same expert mouth as the week before.
But there was no kiss. Sherlock sat back, straddling his husband, trailing his hands down a jumper-clad chest to stomach, where he slipped cool hands underneath to caress the warm skin he found there.
“Bit of fun.” John shrugged. “Maybe if enough people read it, they’d come seek out the great Sherlock Holmes to solve their mysteries.”
“Please take off those ridiculous socks before you come to bed.” I walk off toward the bedroom, leaving his best (and now most-defiled) suit in a heap on the sitting room floor. It’ll serve as an explicit clue to Mrs. Hudson that we should be left alone if she comes to call.
“Sherlock, no, please,” John said, squeezing both of his hands and resting his head on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Sherlock, if you told me right now that you were completely put off sex for the rest of your life, I’d be fine. It doesn’t matter to me like you do.” It’d be a loss, he wouldn’t deny that under any circumstances. Sex with Sherlock was never short of extraordinary. He looked up into Sherlock’s eyes and found that they’d gotten most of the blue coloring back. Sherlock was there now; the Sherlock John knew. Loved.
John felt flushed, slowly moving into a state of heavy arousal. While he wanted all of his clothes to magically melt away, Sherlock’s voice wasn’t
He couldn't keep changing his passwords. He'd needed a new one every week now, and each time he told the elderly woman in his portrait that he'd need a new one, she'd say "I'm beginning to feel like your keeper, dear. Do stick with something." She'd even had the cheek to ask him if Sherlock was taking up residence in his quarters, since she knew he only had one bedroom.
"Sherlock Holmes," he said, reaching out with his left hand. John returned the handshake with his name, grasping the other man's palm firmly. A surprising warmth radiated through his fingers at the touch, tingles that heated him in the cool room. He drew his hand away and tucked it into the satin-lined pocket of his robes.
“Do you--d’you remember....” He paused and reached for Sherlock’s right hand, taking it in his own. He began to trace his finger along the palm in slow circles. “Round and round the garden,” he recited, “like a teddy bear. One step--” John walked his fingers one small step up onto Sherlock’s wrist. “--Two step...” Another. He paused before continuing--
"You know sperm has a short lifetime. We aren't even going to be able to start seriously trying for a few weeks. Whatever goes down the drain today is not going to affect anything two weeks from now." John didn't think about the fact that he'd been in the room for less than two seconds before Sherlock had outed his morning wank. "I promise that a few days before your chart says we have to go at it like rabbits, I'll stop."
John didn't recognize the man in the worn brown cloak, but when Sherlock flung one arm haphazardly around the man's shoulders, he suspected that this man wasn't good news. Or maybe he was meant to lead the would-be detective to the poisonous murderer.
"Mmm, a quill. Writing implement, generally of the feathered sort," Sherlock replied, looking almost bored. "I snapped the nib on mine a moment after sending the elf." He leaned back in the low chair he'd been crouched in and stretched out his legs in front of him. His face faded back into the shadows behind his desk, gone from the flickering candles on his tabletop.
Sherlock smiles against his lover’s mouth, pulling him closer until they’re embracing, slowly tipping back down onto the bed. The first time he’d given John this sort of news, there had been an undercurrent of panic throughout the holiday until they’d both sat down and decided they really
A boy toward the front stood and approached, leaning over the cauldron and taking a deep breath. He didn't look as confident as the ginger girl, but who would be after a dismissal as she'd received?
"Is he going to be okay? Should I send word to my parents?" The red-haired teen watched as her brother stopped growing, his skin stopped stretching, and his robes began to cling to his girth as they soaked through with the water.
Sherlock's wand followed until the door closed behind him with a final sounding, sing-song "No you won't." When it did, the taller man whirled back around, letting his wand fall from his fingers as he rushed toward John.
The work of moments and simple, repetitive movements found John gasping "Soon" against his lover's lips, found Sherlock's legs wrapping around John's waist and groaning when a clumsy, practiced hand wrapped around his prick, found Sherlock's orgasm causing delicious spasms around John's cock, triggering a white-about-the-edges feeling in John's head while his body surrendered to the detective's with a jolt.
of the papers spilling out mid-air. Somewhere outside the safe walls of Baker Street was a man he’d never met, a man who, by all accounts, had more rights to Annabelle than Sherlock did. Everyone knew that the courts sided with Alphas who pursued custody of their children. It had barely been two generations since Omegas had been considered property of their Alphas--how was Sherlock, a single parent who barely had a stable and safe job, supposed to compete against a war hero?
It was tempting. The bonding would take mere moments and would only solidify what they already had between them. Their bond, some might argue, was already complete without the bite.
He turned back, facing John with clear eyes that reflected the steady watercolor of the fire behind him, slowly surrounding him as he stepped back into the fireplace.
The sounds were enough to get him worked up. He pushed his hips toward his fist and pressed the tip of his thumb into his pubic hair when he bottomed out, imagining her small nose huffing out air as he thrust down her throat. He wished he'd thought enough to bring lube, but hindsight was 20/20. He didn't care much for the dry; he wished he had a bit less friction and a bit more glide.
"You do know that I didn't say anything out loud, yes?" John was a mite uncomfortable. He hadn't ever been around anyone with
The file Sherlock received a few days later was detailed, but none of the information it contained gave Sherlock any sense of peace. There was no photo; Mycroft was still working on that. What Sherlock knew so far was that the man was 36, a former army doctor, and he’d been invalided home from the war after a gunshot wound to the shoulder nearly four years ago. He’d contributed sperm as part of the Population Regulation Program when he’d enlisted. It was a rather sick contract, in all actuality--the government could use his sample in the event of his untimely demise.
“I was planning to get a takeaway before taking this specimen home.” Sherlock gestured with the cooler. “But I could be persuaded into dinner.”
"Go on," an almost gruff voice that wasn't Sherlock's was saying. "Drink it. Fifty-fifty shot you're right."
"I think I'd like you to take care of me here so I'm not uncomfortable on the way to your flat," the doctor said, watching as Sherlock slid to his knees. "And that way I'll be able to take it slow when I'm fucking you."
None of the other professors would be in the bath quite so early; he'd have all the privacy in the world to spare. He packed up clean robes into a little pack and headed toward the nearest bath chamber that was meant for professorial use.
At that moment, Sherlock had had the sense to hide his smirk, but it had been short lived, since he’d been banished a moment later by the tot for “putting him off.” Now, he’s situated at the table reading John's finished list upside down.
John started to walk away. He trusted himself to be able to make that judgement on his own. His friend was eccentric, but brilliant. If the Aurors consulted him on difficult cases, it was because they needed his fresh eyes, his expertise.
“John.” Sherlock’s voice was low, just on the inside of a warning. John wondered if it was too much; if it was possible for Sherlock to already be close to the finish line. He didn’t know how long it’d been since the other man had been on the giving end or, in fact, if he’d ever done it at all. “John, I need--” He cut himself off with a deep gasp for air that inflated his chest like a pale, flushing balloon. “John.”
“Well, you'd likely not be able to afford a second night on your salary, but there are several experiments I’ve been--”
He positioned half a dozen more thrusts upwards into his lover's warmth before heated pulses splashed across his stomach, before that body began to close in on him, dragging him deeper and trying to milk him.
As if to prove my unspoken point, he paints his pre-come across my lips, then dips the head of his cock into my mouth once more. Not forceful, just a hint past my lips. And I moan again at the taste of him, wanting more, wishing I could make him come like this, let him mark me as his alone by spending across my cheeks.
“Has he written his list yet?” Sherlock asks, deflecting. He’s certain that whatever Hamish asks for will be wrapped and waiting under their theoretical little tree on Christmas, but last year all he’d wanted was a toy train. All his other (more expensive, mind) gifts had gone ignored once he’d torn away the glinting green paper from his wooden train set.
John wiped his fingers on the dry side of the flannel before touching it to his friend's head again. Sherlock initially leaned into the warmth, eyes closing, neck shifting, the way a cat would lean into a caress. John half expected him to start purring at the comfort of it and, while he didn't think Sherlock had noticed the affection, he found himself more inclined to stop chastising the man.
Sherlock arrived a few minutes after John and found him tucked into a table by the window, already perusing the menu. When he approached, the Alpha moved to stand, but Sherlock waved him down, pulling off his scarf and shrugging off his coat.
Mrs. Hudson was one of the smartest people Sherlock knew, and he assumed that his distress over the whole situation was written on his face. She lifted Annabelle to place her on the couch, depositing her gently with a kiss to her golden curls.
The jumper smelled of John, though not quite as strongly as a pair of his pants would have. Those had been suspiciously absent from the set when Sherlock had gone in for his heist.
There was a whisper in the air, obviously courtesy of the woman he'd left behind, telling him to stay away from Sherlock Holmes.
“Afternoon,” Sherlock said as he disappeared out the door, his billowing blue coat barely keeping up behind him.
As he felt John’s knot begin to swell, slowing his desperate rutting, Sherlock had no doubt in his mind that if John hadn’t had the presence of mind to wear the guard, they’d both have given in. He couldn’t admit that he wanted it--he wanted to feel the blunt pressure of John’s teeth breaking his skin, the flood of adrenaline that would course through him to blend pleasure and pain. Just the thought of it was--
Everything was fine. Yes, Sherlock had had a close call, but he'd had several in the time that John had known him. There were bound to be more.
Sherlock is a git, John has a rather relaxing bath, and Molly's new boyfriend pays a visit to Hogwarts's.
I pull at his shirttails. “I have been told I’m bad at following standard operating procedures,” I reply, pushing down his trousers and pants in one go. “But I think a memorable shag like that calls for cuddling after, as you no doubt remember I’m quite fond, and I’d like to have you naked for that portion of the afternoon.”
“Oh fu—” I curl in on myself as I start to come in his loose fist, and he drops onto my back behind me, giving a few more powerful thrusts before he follows me over the edge. My skin tingles from head to toe, downloading every sensation of his now-rumpled suit pressed against me as John shudders through his orgasm, hips twitching feebly where he’s buried deep.
He'd heard of glory holes. He'd also heard horror stories about them. And... he also really, really liked the idea of a mouth on his cock right now, so why was he being offered a choice that could double as horrifying castration?
“Even if I can’t-- I don’t think I could do it, John--I’ve--I’ve never wanted to and if you need that--”
In counterpoint, he lifts his hands to push the dressing gown from my shoulders, leaving me in nothing but my pajama bottoms.
“You’re not.” John’s voice breaks at the admission. His body is warring with his mind. Physical pain, a bodily reaction to the anticipation of loss. Always loss. But pleasure--points of contact over his skin, through his clothes. A battle of hormones and chemicals in his brain; fight or flight or surrender.
They’d been across from each other for most of the argument. It was when John moved toward his partner with the intention of drawing him into a fierce embrace that Sherlock had--and there was really only one word for it--flinched. His body had had an involuntary reaction to John’s approach, and while John knew that he had probably been red-faced and menacing, surely Sherlock’s deductive abilities would’ve told him that in that moment, there was one thing John needed. John Watson, who Sherlock himself chided on being
“Hello, handsome,” John said, tucking the yellow soft toy he’d brought under one arm and reaching for a kiss with the other. Sherlock let himself be drawn in for a chaste peck before pulling away. He stepped past John, closing the door behind him, and turned to face him on the pavement.
There had been a learning curve--there always was a bit of one with a new partner, and John had been sure that his good luck had run out when he'd been unable to make Sherlock scream his name while he'd sucked and fingered the other man on their very own living room couch six months ago.
“You’re torn,” Sherlock said, hooking his thumbs on the sides of John’s pants and pressing his lips to the sparse hair just above the waistline. “You’ve been fantasizing about my mouth since the moment you saw me, but you’d also like to fuck me.” With barely any help from John, the pants joined the other clothes on the floor, leaving Sherlock the only one still wearing a stitch.
“It’s just not on, Sherlock,” John said. He wasn’t denying the attraction, merely commenting on the fact that their relationship as it was had already crossed a line, and perhaps crossing the next wouldn’t be quite wise.
Lips closed around his left nipple and John's hips stuttered upwards, his feet digging down into the cushion, which seemed desperate to inch away from him bit by bit. Both of his hands were around Sherlock now, milking him prematurely and lubricating his palms generously with his need.
“For your information,” John said, pushing himself up from where he was squatted down next to Sherlock. He’d been trying to give his medical opinion about an almost-undetectable poisoning, but, well, he wasn’t going to stand for their shite anymore. “Sherlock and I planned this pregnancy.
He held up a single finger to the hole, figuring that the man was watching for action on the other side. He'd need at least a few minutes to work himself up, and to do that, he needed to pick his pleasure on the little touch screen.
He thrashed upwards wantonly, closing his eyes and reveling in the feel of the silken heat wrapped around his cock and the slick flesh that assaulted the underside one thrust at a time. It was getting significantly harder to plot his mating scheme as the doctor moved against him, panting humid breath after humid breath against his neck. There were no words left to beg with, only bit lips and shuddering breaths.
"Do you need me to help you with getting to bed?" John asked, though he wasn't sure what help he could be. He didn't think the other man would be keen on being helped out of his robes and into the sheets.
Near the buffet. Mycroft was a little bit annoyed at himself. He should have realised that the Inspector would try to get close to the food and drink. If only he'd taken a moment to think about it, he could have saved himself the trouble of scanning half the room looking for him.
If it had to be, then he wanted to die by the hand of the person he loved so desperately that he didn't care what became of himself anymore. He belonged to John. His life belonged to John. And only John had the right to take it from him.
"Don't say afterwards that I didn't warn you," John whispered in a gravelly voice, withdrew his fingers abruptly from Sherlock's stretched opening and rolled him onto his back.
The drama really only gets going from this point. You guys thought all the secrets were out? Far from it ... the mayoral election is going to play a really big role, I can tell you that much.
"John?" he called out. Hopefully he wasn't still in bed with Sherlock! They had a lot to get done today.
Sherlock was going to solve that puzzle before he got on his knees and begged Mycroft for that footage. At least that would buy him a little time.
"You?" John echoed casually, as if he'd forgotten Sherlock was still there... as if he'd forgotten that Sherlock had certain desires... as if Sherlock weren't playing a role. "You're allowed to watch me." The wicked smile again. "I almost think I'll be doing you a favour. You've been passive smoking with more and more enthusiasm recently. Haven't you?"
Sherlock met his eye with a hard, burning look. "Just you, John... just you..." Sherlock said so softly it almost couldn't be heard.
"Nonetheless..." John inserted with chilling calm. "The proceeds from thirty g-packs of coke are missing from the receipts. And according to my records, the stuff got lost here on your end. How does that look for you, Barbie... hm?"
Greg shook his head grimly. "Mr Holmes, I don't believe in coincidences. The universe is rarely so lazy. Your brother..."
That thought – as well as Sherlock's reactions to his virtually chaste touch – had absolutely no right to have such a stimulating effect on John's libido. John didn't know if his racing heart and the initial sexual rush overtaking his brain were good signs or bad ones at this point. He generally needed much stronger stimuli to achieve the degree of arousal he was experiencing at the moment.
?!” Irene blurted out, only to bite her lips a second later. How could she have reacted so rashly? Although it was a rather surprising announcement. She'd realised long ago that Doc Watson was head over heels for Sherlock and wasn't about to give him up. She was almost counting on a happy end with a proposal of some sort... but for it to be a business proposal instead of marriage ... that was unexpected. No matter – she was the last person to stand in the way of Sherlock's happiness.
"I don't want you to go!" Sherlock repeated, even though he knew that by doing so he was just making things worse. He knew John was at the end of his patience. He knew John was irritated and overtired. He knew all of that. And yet he couldn't stop pouting and prodding and whinging and acting very much like a small, unreasonable child.
"You don't need this anymore," Sherlock said softly, untied the belt of John's dressing gown, and slid it off John's shoulders. The elegant garment sank to the floor, where it landed beside the towel, likewise forgotten, which had slipped out of John's fingers at some point during the proceedings.
Mike and John were sitting in the car again following their second appointment, being piloted cautiously through the thick, stop-and-go traffic by Bridges, when Mike's stomach growled loud enough to be heard.
Sherlock didn't move a muscle. He continued to lie there quietly, watching through half-lidded eyes as John went to the sideboard and took out the riding crop.
were already poised on his tongue, but then John - his wonderful, singular, creative John - pinched the head of his overstimulated penis and bit his shoulder at the same time. Sherlock cried out as his climax broke over him like a force of nature, and he ejaculated over John's fingers. Mere moments later, he felt something wet and slippery on his testicles - John must have come between his legs - and Sherlock's penis, which was still hard, pulsed anew as he imagined John's semen lazily dripping down his legs and sac. Semen spurted out over John's hand again. Sherlock was still shaking and trembling. His penis jerked a third time, and John carefully rubbed the last small portion of ejaculate around Sherlock's glans.
John blinked. Then he gathered himself. "Mycroft Holmes? Mycroft Holmes is here?" he asked in an undertone. "What the hell does he want here?"
Thanks to the extensive foreplay, John's fingers didn't meet any resistance any more. They slid in and out of Sherlock's hole in a steady rhythm without any effort at all. Every third or fourth pass, John tried to brush the little swelling of Sherlock's prostate gently with the tips of his fingers. Sherlock's initial reaction to this treatment had been rather modest, but the effect seemed to increase every time. His moans sounded ever more breathless and passionate as his body opened itself ever wider... became ever more willing, compliant, and demanding. John felt the suction and pressure around his fingers becoming stronger... as Sherlock's body tried to pull him in further, to take in more of him, to keep him inside... as deep as possible.
Sherlock wiped his cheek hastily to get rid of the tears of laughter that John's unconscious word play had elicited.
God... what had he done? What had he said to make John throw him out now? Because that's what was going on, wasn't it? This was him being thrown out... every fibre of Sherlock's being fought against it. He wouldn't leave. Absolutely not. There was no question. If John didn't want him in his bed anymore, he'd stay on as an employee. As the butler if need be! He'd even work as a gardener if only he could stay close to John and still see him. Even if John took someone else into his bed... he'd stay even then... although... if he really did end up working as the butler... the chances were good that Sherlock would simply poison whoever ended up being his successor to John's favour.
,' and turned their attention to Jacques and Thomas, who were inquiring after the guests' wishes and distributing drinks generously.
Mycroft tilted his head in acknowledgment. "There is a remote possibility that I may have let your name drop on one or two occasions."
"You are amazing," John said with a warm smile in curious contrast to the obvious bulge in his trousers, his eyes bright and flashing. He wiped the sticky, sweaty strands of hair off Sherlock's forehead and ran his thumb tenderly over Sherlock's parched lips. "Just a little more... then... it will be time," he said rather cryptically, but Sherlock was too wrapped up with himself, with the sensations of pain, lust, and arousal wracking his body, to ask John what he meant by that. Talking … asking... thinking... it all required a concerted effort that Sherlock would rather employ so as not to let himself hang too heavily in his bonds, and to continue squeezing his muscles pleasurably around the plug.
"You wanted to know what I wanted from you earlier..." John began. Sherlock pricked his ears, unable to prevent his heart from beating a bit faster in excitement as John continued: "I think that question has been answered to the full satisfaction of all parties involved."
John stroked the soft skin of his sac, encircled him gently with his fingers, and then, in one quick move, yanked down. Sherlock's shrill cry was like music to his ears, and the fresh stream of pre-come that flowed down unchecked onto the sheets was like ambrosia to his eyes.
John turned away, back toward the man standing closest to the door to the room. "Dave," he said tilting his head toward the door.
Sherlock closed his eyes and revelled in the astonishing, overwhelming peace and lightness of being which that one word triggered in him. So that's how easy it was to say that word... how incredibly effortlessly it had fallen from his lips... if he'd known that that single word would give him such a deep sense of satisfaction and inner calm... why had he always fought against it so hard? Sherlock didn't know anymore.
"I haven't," Greg insisted. "There are other ways of interacting with people than having sex right off the bat."
"It was worth a try," Sherlock responded cheerfully, pressing provocatively against John's thigh with a soft moan.
“How am I supposed to know?” Mike retorted, peeved. “Whose bed does he sleep in every night? Mine or yours? If anyone knows what he likes it must be you!” When John’s only response was an odd little grimace and a shrug of his shoulders, Mike groaned before making a suggestion after all. “Maybe a nice tie pin?”
That earned him a crack of the riding crop across his chest. Despite the fact that it had been a rather hard blow, Sherlock took it without making a single sound, neither a lusty moan nor a pained sob.
"John..." Sherlock panted breathlessly. "John... I'm... almost there... I'm about to come... John... I...."
"I imagine your wife won't exactly be over the moon about it," Doris said, giving voice to her concerns.
John stared off into the distance, his mouth hanging open for a moment before looking at Sherlock again.
Irene looked him over with renewed interest. "Why am I not on your payroll yet, Doc? I'd think it would be a lucrative business."
During the entire visit, Sherlock had found it nearly impossible to keep his hands to himself and not convince John to join him for a highly immoral and inappropriate quickie in the men's loo. His self-control had abandoned him entirely in the taxi on the way home later that night, and ever since that memorable day, Sherlock had to admit that he didn't just have a slight uniform fetish; he was also the proud owner of a
Sherlock swallowed and sat there for a moment with his mouth hanging slightly open, just staring at Mike.
"I know that little cafe - it just 'happens' to have a smoking section," John added. He didn't have to mime the air quotes either. Another area he was getting better at. Sherlock swallowed hard.
"Fourteen," Victor corrected him. "Fourteen years. And yes, I think you're capable of something like that. You always were violent and unforgiving."
"Are you really going through with this?" Irene asked, watching Sherlock smooth down his jacket in front of the mirror.
He put his hand on the back of Sherlock's neck and pulled him in for a deep kiss. Sherlock's lips parted with a willingness and affection that didn't just excite John in a physical way, but in an emotional way as well. So familiar... and yet never boring... so sensual... and yet so innocent...
WARNING!!!!! This chapter contains mentions of self-harm practices (cutting) and a description of the aftercare.
"Because he pays you an exorbitant salary - same as us." Then she started in on the list with a knowing smile. "Because you still have a mortgage on your house, because you're paying for your oldest's education, because your youngest wants ballet lessons and because your middle one's got her heart set on a pony. Because your mother..."
"Yeah, I'm afraid I would have," John conceded before joining in Sherlock's liberating laughter. With every giggle, the pressure in his chest abated and the shock that had held him firmly in its claws since those two shots seeped out of his body.
John looked steadfastly into Sherlock's eyes. Those fascinating eyes, which still contained unplumbed depths. Depths that Sherlock wanted to hide from him, since John could tell Sherlock would have preferred to turn away or lower his gaze, at the very least. Yet he didn't, instead bravely returning John's gaze. It troubled John that he was the cause of such latent sadness, and the wish arose in him to gain entry to Sherlock through those eyes... to climb inside with a torch... a flare... a thousand-watt spotlight, in order to drive away the last scrap of darkness from the furthest corner of Sherlock's soul... to chase away everything Sherlock was still afraid of with his light... to destroy everything that still weighed heavy upon him...
Mycroft had the strong suspicion he was going to come out on the losing end of this particular show of force - and it was all going to be Sherlock's fault again, as usual.
"Okay, I'll think of something," Mike said with a shrug and jotted down a note for himself. "Right, that's Kitty sorted. How about that Molly Hooper who came by for an interview the other day? First-rate references and..."
"I still can't quite fathom how you talked me into that," Mycroft grumbled in a faintly peeved, nasal tone.
Following lunch, while Sherlock took a shower, John went into his bedroom and slipped into a more comfortable pair of trousers and a white t-shirt. He already had everything he needed laid out on a tray on the night stand: disposable gloves, a special disinfectant, paper towels, a special lubricant and - in a covered metal dish - the freshly sterilised sounds. John closed his eyes for a moment. His pulse was already elevated. What would it be like when he had Sherlock in front of him, helpless yet completely willing...
Mycroft inspected the tips of his shoes with great interest. "Don't worry about that. It would be my..."
His silence lasted so long that Sherlock began to worry. He was about to sit up and say something to snap John out of his trance when a jolt seemed to go through John's body, and his eyes bored into Sherlock's with a shocking intensity.
"John..." he finally managed to force out between his lips. "Please... hurt me, pull my hair... so I... I don't want to... come yet."
"Mr Holmes, I'm warning you, my patience has just about run out. In fact, it has." With a lightning-quick, fluid motion, John drew his gun from the shoulder holster under his jacket and pointed it at Mycroft Holmes. "You can give me the pictures now.
," John interrupted his concerned bodyguard in a somewhat annoyed tone. "If a sharpshooter with that kind of skill had wanted to hit me, he would have. Bridges? Stop at the taxi stand up there." He took some money out of the inside pocket of his jacket and pressed it into Dave's hand. "Take a taxi, both of you. Go home to your families. Let Fred and Ginger know. They should come to my house and take over for the next three days. What is
John exhaled audibly. "All right. I have to admit I wouldn't have liked to intervene. For the first time in years, I have a household that runs smoothly because everyone gets on. It's really no picnic to have the staff constantly at each other's throats."
"No problem." He smiled weakly. "I'll be back again early tomorrow. Or rather... later this morning."
Sherlock stood in the middle of the most luxurious – and most expensive – of the private lounges, afraid he was about to be subjected to yet another evening filled with insufferable boredom. Irene had only informed him of this appointment two hours earlier, telling him to shower, shave, and
Jim Moriarty had taken cover a short distance away from the buffet table after setting off the bomb with his smart phone. Sebastian Moran had already left the hall and was waiting outside with the car they'd left parked in a side street a couple of days ago. The catering company van they'd arrived in would simply be left in the delivery zone. In the perfect position to block any ambulances and police vehicles from gaining access.
The only truly important question was: when would Mycroft realise that John had no idea? And when would he use that knowledge as a weapon against him?
"What did I miss?" Thomas asked breathlessly when he stumbled back into the kitchen holding a bottle of mineral water.
"Beehive?" Mycroft turned around and raised one eyebrow. He seemed to be amused. "I wouldn't have thought you were a prude, Detective Inspector."
' was the last thing Dimmock heard before the bomb in his car exploded in a giant fireball, bringing all traffic in that part of London to a standstill for the next several hours.
"Don't worry," John replied, deliberately gruff, in order not to be suspected of going soft. "I wouldn't do you a favour unless... But fine. If I have to pay Miss Adler even more to make sure your arse is reserved for me, that's fine by me. One less thing to worry about."
"No, I haven't," Mycroft contradicted him. "I told you how attractive I find precisely that decency in you. I don't make compliments like that easily, and I... Greg... whether you believe it or not... you are... of the utmost importance to me. I...
John's teeth promptly clamped mercilessly into the sensitive skin, and Sherlock arched toward him wantonly. John's fingers dug into Sherlock's arse, and he was only vaguely aware of Sherlock rubbing his own slippery erection somewhat awkwardly with his left hand, even as he held fast to John's scarred shoulder with his right.
"The cigar band isn't really enough to contain you, is it?" he finally asked. Sherlock shook his head vehemently. "I don't know..." John mused out loud. "I'm not sure whether you've really learned your lesson... but we'll see." He held the cigar over Sherlock's hard shaft and knocked the ashes off. The cone of ash fell directly onto the hot, taut skin. Sherlock let out an inarticulate sound and his whole body shook. The cylinder of ash still remained intact in one piece, even appearing to stick a little to the sweaty, slick skin before eventually rolling off and falling to the floor.
His head fell back in pleasure, but before long he brought it up again so he could look down. Sherlock's eyes were closed, the lids fluttering slightly. Then, as if he felt that he was being observed, he opened his eyes and met John's gaze without so much as a hitch in his motions. John was lost for a moment in those midnight-black pupils, blown open so wide they seemed to fill John's entire field of vision. Only a narrow ring of pale, blue-green iris encircled the almost bottomless darkness.
Luckily, Sherlock didn't tend to bear marks on his skin for days on end anyway. He did regret that a bit – as long as they were marks that John left. He would have loved to admire those welts in the mirror for days, running his fingers over them as a reminder of the man who'd given them to him. But in general, any redness on his skin faded after a few hours and was almost completely gone by the next day. Especially if he was prepared thoroughly, and his skin was warmed up carefully – as was the case today.
But then John would have more ideas. It wouldn't be long before John wanted to show him the world. A weekend in Paris... a jaunt to New York... holidays in Greece...
He didn't get any further than that, as Mycroft pulled him close and cut off any more words with a surprisingly passionate kiss. Once Greg had overcome the initial shock, he tugged at Mycroft's coat, his jacket, and his waistcoat, moaning into Mycroft's open mouth in frustration.
"A little," John confessed. "I'm surprised that it's even necessary to explain the advantages of certain concessions on your end. I mean, what do you expect?" John shrugged. "Should I really insult your intelligence by listing all the kinds of leverage I have? It should be clear that all I can offer in return for your cooperation and accommodation is not to make too much trouble for you."
"I don't care... John... no matter what... everything... anything you want," Sherlock stammered into the mattress, hoping that John heard him.
His entire body was trembling, tightening up ever more, and his heels dug painfully into John's back. His erection in John's hands jerked hard, and the first splatter of semen landed on Sherlock's collarbone. A relieved, lust-filled sob escaped the full, red lips and the next emission sprayed onto his chest and abdomen. Sherlock's inside muscles clamped down harder around John's cock – gifting John with both heaven and hell through their spasmodic contractions – while his seemingly neverending orgasm went on and on. John gave himself over to the moment and intensified his thrusts. Shudder after shudder shook the body lying beneath him.
"It's not really like that," Sherlock finally answered. "Smoking is the last vice I indulge in … perhaps that's the reason." He tried to sound as nonchalant as possible.
Sherlock had taken to sneaking behind the plastic tarp that still hung in the hall, separating the area that was being renovated from the rest of the house, to track the progress on their future bedroom, his eyes round and his heart racing with disbelief.
There were two ways he could go about that. It would have been easy for him to push Moriarty and put up so much of a fight that he would have no choice than to shoot Sherlock on the spot. But by that point, his antipathy toward Moriarty had become so great that he would rather have drowned himself in the shallow effluent of that dungeon than to die by the hand of either him or his henchwoman. Moriarty had already touched him more than enough. Sherlock didn't want to be despoiled any further by his bullet.
"If you'd finally open my bloody flies," John growled, "I'll show you." He groaned when his erection was finally freed and his hot skin was being caressed by Sherlock's soft fingers and the mild night air. "Now you..." he ordered gruffly and watched as Sherlock struggled to push down the waistband of his pyjamas - his teeth buried in his lower lip -, stretched the elastic and took out his erect penis. Then he paused. He held his hard shaft - its tip glistening wetly - in a loose grip. He was still biting down on his lower lip, awaiting John's next instruction.
No sooner had he spoken than a knock sounded at the door and Jacques entered. On the tray he set down on the desk in front of Sherlock were three cups, a small pot of coffee, and a little pitcher of milk along with a sugar bowl. The saucers were already decorated with the delicate almond biscuits Jacques was so proud of - and rightfully so. As usual, there were two biscuits on Sherlock's plate, while John and Mike were each accorded a single confection.
"Well... I don't know what makes me think of it either... maybe because you wanted me to make sure to get one of those bullet-proof vests. Which I
If only he had the slightest clue what was going on here! John wasn't a coward by any measure. He'd never turned away from a fight or confrontation. But faced with an invisible, intangible threat... it was enough to give him an uneasy feeling. How was he supposed to put up a fight when he didn't even know his adversary's name? It was true, fairy tales did often contain wisdom at their core... knowing the name of an enemy gave a certain power over him. John considered his chances and decided they weren't good. It wasn't just that he didn't know who was causing all his problems - no, he couldn't even remember the name of that fairy tale. It started out with a miller's daughter who could spin straw into gold. But for the life of him, he couldn't remember any more. At least he wouldn't have to give up his firstborn if he couldn't come up with the right name.
, Angelo," John returned the salutation with an automatic smile and, together with Mike - who was received with equal enthusiasm - sat down at their usual table, which stood off to one side and allowed them both to sit with their backs to the wall.
Greg stared at the telephone in his hand for several long moments. "What the..." he muttered to himself. Something was going on. Something big. Something dirty. First Dimmock's promotion, which no one - really, absolutely no one - understood, and which had no foundation whatsoever... and now this call.
Now it was John’s turn to whimper. The image Sherlock had created in front of his inner eye was overwhelmingly exciting, erotic, obscene. The thought alone – Sherlock on all fours, one hand between his legs, frantically rubbing his hard cock... and between trembling thighs, behind his sensitive, full testicles… his piercing and on it a short chain with a shimmering weight at its end, swinging heavily like a pendulum… every movement a new impulse of lust, of ecstasy…
"You wouldn't have recognised this number even if I hadn't withheld it," Sherlock replied, less than impressed.
Jack grunted his agreement. "That fancy bastard didn't miss a trick. Couldn't even palm a single gram of coke anymore. Not a one... not a chance."
, and you can - a) still plant primroses on my grave and - b) end up having to deal with another boss who may not be as understanding as me. Would be a crying shame if my successor declared war on you, now that we understand each other so well, wouldn't it?" John asked with a cold, oily smile. "So... you see, in order to keep peace on the streets of London, I need those pictures."
"I admit I'm running out of strategies," Mycroft made the unusually frank admission. "You're astonishingly obstinate once you've sunk your teeth into something."
Sherlock had finished unbuttoning his shirt in the meantime, although he hadn't pulled it out of his trousers yet. His attention turned to his belt buckle. He fiddled around with it and opened it. Only then did he shrug and look up briefly.
"The bathrooms are across the hall. A little inconvenient, but the previous owner wanted it that way. Maybe I'll have that redone..." John mused.
"It's simple, Sherlock... I'm going to sit back in my armchair, relax, and take my time enjoying this cigar right here." He tapped the metal cylinder in his breast pocket. "That's right... I'm going to
would have been two of the options. Both were more or less the truth, yet the former would have been too intimate and the latter would only have cemented Mycroft's opinion that Sherlock didn't know how to behave.
Three blows... right on his hole... right on the soft, sensitive skin of his sphincter... right on the muscle, which was already pulsing and fluttering... It was going to be hell... and Sherlock could barely wait. Had he gone completely round the bend? With an ecstatic moan, he dug his fingers even deeper into his wounded flesh, enjoying the lust-filled buzz the action released in his brain.
"Look at you..." John gave Sherlock’s cock the promised lick, kissing it wetly. "Spreading your legs like a wanton slut... like a bitch in heat... with your tiny stiffy on display... why are you showing it off? There's not much to look at. Looks like some stiff nub, not like a proper
.  Christ, you're just like a child.”  He latched me into his arms, where I stood, mute, confused.  “Will you just tell me what happened?”
“Gregson,” said my friend, “do sit down and cool your ardour.  I shall tell you both as much as I am able.”
The hansom rattled to a halt at Upper Wimpole Street.  I paid the driver my half-fare, and clambered down.  Holmes raised his hand, and I raised mine, and I stood there on the kerb, transfixed, as the carriage rolled away.
The village of Fulworth was fairly quiet for a late morning.  There was a bustle in the bakery, and the newsagent was occupied, but the warm and pleasant weather had the locals else engaged closer to home.  I mailed my letter, and I carried out my chores.  The green was lined with benches which encircled a small duck pond, and I took a seat on one just for a minute, on a whim.  I closed my eyes, and enjoyed the sun upon my upturned face.  When I blinked open once again, I noticed
The sitting-room at 221B Baker Street was quiet, almost eerily so, I thought, as I stood on its threshold and surveyed the space.  Our old-familiar, our sanctuary; the room where we would end most every day, Sherlock Holmes and I, together, side-by-side, or in our chairs beside the fireplace.  The fireplace was roaring now – it being the early winter of the year 1903.
“Then we are reliant upon a response from one of the antique shops,” I said.  “I suppose that the four friends can be discounted from the enquiry?”
“Tell me more of this old woman,” my friend interrupted.  “She interests me particularly.  How often does she appear?  Have you approached her?  Does she do anything apart from stare?”
“It's quite all right,” my friend said gently.  Then:  “My condolences for the loss of your dear wife.  You've been so very brave to carry on this way.”
“Mr. Holmes, your handwriting is simply awful, sir.  No, I don't know anyone on that list.  Are they his cronies?”
I stomped out to the street in a bad temper.  A horse-drawn cart rolled by and splashed my trouser legs with mud.  “Oh, dash and blast,” I muttered, cross.  “Whatever next?”
“Holmes,” I said.  “If you are unable to face the lace, I shall replace, or make a space, so there's no, er, trace.”
I still recall the spring of 1885 as being an extraordinary season.  Indeed, the year in its entirety shall remain within my memory as holding much of great exception.  Unbeknownst to me, and quite beside it proudly hosting the strange tale that I shall now attempt to relate, 1885 was a year of catalyst – when my dear friend, Sherlock Holmes, realised himself in what he might have called a “false position”: the great quandary of falling in love for the first time.
I took some comfort in the fact that Holmes seemed not overly dismayed by this new twist.  He whistled as he put away his shirts and replaced his razor on the wash stand.  He hummed a waltz whilst turning to his remaining correspondence, as our landlady brought us tea and listened to our Surrey news.
you.  Your reputation is impressive.  I suppose I should be thankful that it is into your hands my brother's fallen.”
He pointed to the sideboard, at the lace doily laid upon it.  “THAT,” he shrieked.  He pointed to his fingers.  “THESE.”
The Inspector stepped into the room.  He pointed towards the desk.  “You put something inside the drawer.”
“Whether we moved then or now,” I said with a smile, “it would not make any difference to our standing here and grumbling at the weather.  At least we're not cut off entirely from the world.  We have a telephone.”
“Oh,” Pike interjected, “it wasn't so very much.  A hand on his knee, a soft word or two.  I was soundly rebuffed, I assure you – much to my disappointment.  Faint heart never won fair lady, that is what they say, I do believe.”  That smile again, speckled with strained anxiety.
I watched him as he gambolled off in search of Mr. Dooley.  I passed back through to the hall, with the intent to find my room and change my jacket, wash my hands, and comb my hair.
I moved away.  I undressed quickly, threw my clothes into a pile upon the floor.  When I was naked, I stood by the bed, and looked at Holmes.  And he, upon the other side – now naked too, and perfect, every inch of him – looked back at me.
“Did you enjoy your rendezvous?” he asked.  He moved to look out of the window, through the curtain, at the night sky or the rooftops, heaven knows.
My fingers strayed to run the mound and smooth along the gluteal fold.  So much warmth, and ripe to take a bite – which I so often liked to do – but now... such a contortion was too cumbrous.  And, why even, when my fingers could enjoy it just as well.
“I can do precisely neither of those things,” said he.  “The skull is all that I have left to remind me of my poor father.  It is not the skull that is the problem.  It is the dooming messages in my dreams.  Well, I can see that I have wasted your valuable time.  I shall waste it no longer.  Good evening to you, Mr. Holmes.”
“Let's wait,” said Holmes, ignoring all my bleating and my protest.  “At five o'clock, we shall reveal the truth.  If you can be patient, John?”
I watched him as he bustled, and raised my hand in brief farewell as he turned for the outside landing.  The slam of the front door then, and I hurried to the window to look out upon his head as it, and all the rest of him, moved briskly down the street and out of sight of my keen eye.
“All right,” said he, springing up from the bed and readjusting himself.  “If we are to do that, then we had best make haste.  Shoo, Watson, shoo.  You are in the way.”
“Watson,” he said, reaching out a hand to shake my own.  “I'm very glad that you could come.  How are you finding the Green Room?  Not too large for you, I hope?”
“No, you don't see,” said Holmes.  “That is exactly my point.  I have done a very clever thing, which will help me to catch Hoggerty.”  He rubbed his hands together then.  “He will be so surprised.”
My eyes flicked open, set upon him.  “Today, or now?” I asked, feeling a subtle stirring at my groin.
Upon our arrival home, we were immediately struck by the oppressive air.  One might have fried a perfect egg upon any of the surfaces.  Holmes marched to the windows, which had been pulled and locked during our absence.
Shame?  No, not shame as I might label it.  Disgust neither, no, nor any of those things.  I believe I am pragmatic.  I am thankful for the veil that disallows a trace of memory.
Did he consider me obtuse?  A boor, insensitive to mood?  I am those things occasionally, but should like to give myself an ounce of credit that for the most part, I am inclined to the romantic.  What a mess I'd made of this!
“Yes.  He is in a filthy temper now.  I left before he could throw his lamp at my head.  I pity the next fellow who walks in through his door.”
I heard his voice catch, and I drew him to embrace.  I kissed his nose, and stroked his hair.  “We'll be together,” I said firmly.  “Now and always.  Get your bag; we're going down.”
I stared down dully at the letters.  I weighed their heft, two dozen envelopes or more, with faded ink, to a
“Well, what was I supposed to do?” he snapped.  “And lower your damned voice, or next door's clownheads will be on to us.”
I raised an eyebrow as the morning mail was thus deposited upon our breakfast table.  I flicked a finger through the pile.  A bookshop advertisement sheet; a 'begging' letter; a final demand; and last of all, the card addressed to me.
I would have replied to the last, except at that moment Sherlock Holmes erupted from the office and grasped me firmly by the shoulder.
We strained our ears to listen.  Indeed it appeared to have been the bell, for there came the familiar boot click of our landlady as she hastened down the hall.  Voices, then – a gentleman's – and at last, two sets of feet upon the stairs.  Holmes's face was bright, alert with anticipation.  He stood, hands on his hips, in the direct centre of the room, his grey eyes fixed upon the closed door of our sitting-room.
Supple fingers pulled my shirt, undid my braces and my trousers, all the rest of it; then two grey eyes upon me, fair agog.  “
My friend grimaced.  “A man who is out of the country can neither murder, nor steal a stone skull.  A fellow in a wheelchair cannot shimmy down a drainpipe, nor can he easily navigate two flights of stairs – which might also prove an impossibility for a man with two broken legs.  And why should such a skull be stolen, if not for financial gain?  I imagine that there may well be some private collectors in the city who would covet such an object.  That is another avenue to follow.”
“We could take another turn upon the hearth-rug, if that would cheer you and if you promise to be quieter this time.”
The back door swung wide open.  Spencer's frame hove into view.  The terrier leaped in joy as if he had not seen his master for a week.  The man bent to rub the scruff-haired ears, to tug lightly on the collar.
“I would thank you for the sentiment, if it weren't quite so macabre,” said Holmes.  “Hm, is your left arm paining you?”
“I am here,” he said slowly.  “So I suppose you mean, there, with you.”  He sighed, and heaved himself up.  Two steps, and he had landed, his left arm slung around my shoulder, his right still clutching at his pipe.  “John, this is not even remotely comfortable.  We are entirely too old for this.”
That afternoon, I proved quite dreadful at lawn bowling, and mediocre at croquet.  My friend, for all his hooting, fared rather better, winning several games of each.  It was so pleasant, playing outdoors in good company.  I rather felt this weekend was a joy all by itself, with Holmes the 'cherry on the top'.  (I did not tell him this.)
Our man was still in sight.  He ducked down an alley and whistled shrilly for his dog to keep the pace.
After breakfast, Holmes excused himself and took off to the kitchen.  The meanwhile, and at Victor's invitation we two stepped out into the early morning sun.  A delicious cooling breeze captured the soft scent of the flowers.  We strolled towards the fountain and perched ourselves upon its rim.  A shame that it was dry, perhaps, for how spectacular it should look when in proper use.  I ran a hand over the smooth, clean stone, warm to the touch, so pleasant.
final reminder from Newton's.  He threatens to break both of my kneecaps if I do not settle that dratted invoice for that wretched, dratted cabinet.”  He paused.  “I suppose that I should pay it.”
“No, sir, I do not.  I have been so upset about it all, I just could not bear to remain.  Although, of course, I shall keep my position until Mr. Burroughs decides what must be done.”  She clasped and wrung her hands.  “I am living with my sister in the village, sir.”
And there he was!  Sat by the fireside, a pipe clenched in his teeth, and plumes of smoke, and goodness me, I was so happy he was there I all but bustled Mrs. Hudson to one side.
“You still have Parrow on your brain,” said he.  “I know that look of yours.  You want me to come with you, yes? – to wherever you are going?”
I mused upon the splayed wardrobe doors.  What if someone had borrowed the contents for indefinable purpose?  And what of the dressing table: was that fresh powder spilled upon it, or merely dust?  My brain whirled with strange scenarios, each more outrageous than the last.
, when the landlady knocked upon the door to introduce a visitor – a Mr. Bridgeman, lawyer, seeking advice.  We scuttled up and brushed the crumbs away; I took my hat and coat, and shook the hand of my new friend.  “I will see you Saturday,” I said.  “I'll meet you there.  Why don't we have a drink beforehand?”
And Holmes, as through a standing mist of trumpets and confetti, puffed out his chest and remained as immodest as he has always set to be.
“I am a busy woman,” she said sullenly, her hands tangled in her apron.  “I am packing some of my boxes and making my arrangements.  The house is not mine.  I cannot remain here for very much longer.”
“I am sorry.  But how lovely, to be sure, you have a sibling,” I rejoined – to which he scowled, and snapped the tip clean from its lead.  He drew a penknife from his pocket, and commenced to scrape and sharpen.
Holmes smiled.  “Mycroft is dictatorial.  He always was.  We fought when we were children, and we still fight, even now.  He is as odd a bird as I am; even odder.”  Holmes paused to take a sip of wine, to readjust his cuffs.  “He's always wanted to control me, and it's never really worked, so we lock horns.  John, do you know, Mycroft writes letters to himself?”
“I'm playing hooky,” I said, laughing and relieved beyond belief.  “Will you spend the day with me?”
I realised that I was, indeed, suddenly quite ravenous.  I was touched by my friend's solicitousness.
“It is your curl now,” I replied, vaguely aware that this was the oddest conversation I had yet had with my odd friend.  “So whatever colour you prefer.”  I thought for a second.  “But not pink.”
Holmes remained silent.  I stood up.  “I've taken too much of your time,” I said.  “And Mrs. Hudson has been kind enough to stay with Max.  I'd better go and see to him, and...” my voice tailed off, for Holmes's face had set to stone; he rose now too, and watched me as I picked my hat and coat and moved towards the door.  I felt so thwarted and denied, I scarcely knew what I might do.  “Another time,” I said.  And still, the face of stone looked back at me and uttered nothing, not a word.  I left the room, collected Max, and returned home, feeling as empty and forlorn as it was possible to be.
The string quartet began at two.  The music room was crammed, so many guests and servants, both, invited.  We took places at the front, on wooden chairs that creaked and wobbled, and we listened to the tuning up, and then – the music started! – Oh, the music – we heard Haydn, Schubert, Mendelssohn... and solo pieces, and duets; it was a blissful way to spend an afternoon.  My friend was in a perfect happiness; I watched him, too, his fingers waving gently to the music, his eyelids fluttering in harmony to trills and turns and slides...
“Do now?” said he.  “I plan to smoke my pipe.  And after that, well, it hardly matters, just as long as I have my trusty friend and chronicler by my side.”
We were quite the jolly band, then, when the hansom dropped us duly at the gate of the old gables some time later.  Victor was standing in the doorway, and his face lit up so brightly at the sight of our companion.  Gregson, for his part, dropped all his luggage on the gravel and fairly charged towards his boy, who staggered backwards from the onslaught.  They disappeared inside the house.  Holmes and I stood where we were, looked at each other, broke into laughter.
“Do you have brandy back at Baker Street?” I asked him, as we buttoned up our coats against the chill.
Then breakfast came, at eight o'clock.  Benevolent and beaming, Mrs. Hudson brought the dishes through and placed them on the table.  “You'll be moving in, then Dr. Watson?” she enquired.
“You like a challenge,” said my friend.  “You always have.  Now pass that bottle, and we'll smoke a few cigars, and talk of Dickens for a while.”
The afternoon saw us adjacent on the sofa, with our reading and thinking interspersed with light chatter.  At length, Holmes rose to gather up his papers and recommence work on his monograph.  Stooping, graceful, his back towards me as he sorted through the sheaf upon the floor, I could scarcely focus, lost in a sharp pang of low want for him.  I was on the point of thinking how I should like to set my teeth into his rump, when he straightened up and turned to look at me.
We comforted him as best we could.  And several hours later, with more ales imbibed than might be considered wholly sober, we wended homeward with the night air soft and sweet.  The countryside, so peaceful – at least upon the surface.  I wondered what might transpire upon the morrow.
A Monday morning, early, on Clayton Street.  A third floor room, a double bed, two figures clinched and shrouded, sleeping.  The spring air biting, as the window stood ajar the whole night through, the curtains fluttering in reprimand.  Shirts and trousers tossed around the room, as if by sprites set on a mischief, and a pocket watch sat ticking on a table by the bed, where a pale hand stretched out to grasp it, to draw it to a groggy face, to squint the dawn away.
“A doctor!” he exclaimed.  He shook my hand.  “I was just saying to young Gregson here, that I wanted one of those.”
My friend set his glass down and rose from his chair.  We did likewise and followed him out into the garden, still warmly lit by the late-afternoon sun.  Holmes strode up to the gate, crunching on shingles, where he stepped into the lane and dropped to his haunches by the post.  We watched as he first examined the ground, part gravel and part earth, before returning to the house.  Here he settled by the window of what I remembered to be the drawing room, and commenced the same routine.  He picked up a tiny fragment, what it was I could not tell, and after a brief scrutiny placed it inside his waistcoat pocket.
“Yes,” said Bruce, “that is correct.  So that's how we lived for all those years.  Me and my ma, in our cosy house.  And then she told me when I was older just how she wasn't my real ma.  That my real ma lived in England.  And I got to wondering, you know.  Just how my real ma might be.  I kept those thoughts inside my head until a year ago.  And then I couldn't stand it any more.”
“Cook our own meal and light our own fires, I suppose,” Holmes replied.  “If someone is home, yet they do not answer the door, we cannot break our way in to demand why and what.  Come on, John, let's go home.”
Holmes settled back into his chair.  He set his whisky glass beside him, and he steepled his long fingers to a point beneath his chin.
My heart turned over in my chest, I lost my breath and more than half my equilibrium.  “And do you, still?” I dared to whisper.
“Yes,” I said, and prayed he would not probe me any further.  And then, because I could not resist, despite all that he had said before, with its scorn and all its mockery:  “Have you?”
But whatever play it was that Gregson had two tickets to, I was never likely to find out, for at that moment Sherlock Holmes once more exploded into the hall from Lestrade's office.
“This sofa is uncomfortable for ruddling,” my friend complained.  “There's something digging in my back.”  He kissed my ear.  “Get off me, John.”
I returned to Baker Street, and once more rang the bell.  “Please could you give this note to Mr. Holmes?” I asked.
My chuckles made the bed vibrate.  “I'll pickle you,” I said.  “I'll pickle you right here and now.  Don't assume that I'm insensible.”  I reached out and grasped his thigh.  “Wherever did you
We sat together by the fire, and shared tobacco, and I studied him intently as he fussed with pipe and spill.  I could simply not equate him with the label he'd been given of a
It seemed such an uncommon thing that I froze rigid to the spot.  I might have suspected his indulging in a solitary pleasure, had not the nature of his lifestyle precluded such a notion.  I assumed that he had likely stubbed his foot upon the bed-leg, or dropped a clock upon his toe.
Two young and handsome fellows crossed the path in front of us.  They were, perhaps, sixteen, and lithe and merry in their shirt-sleeves marked with grass-stains from a dew-soaked rough and tumble.  I wondered if Holmes had resembled one or the other when he was that age.  I wished I might have known him then: the small seed yet to become the mighty oak.
Holmes exhaled.  “I feel the same,” he said at last – and this had cost him a great deal, for he was flushed; his hands were trembling.
Holmes was running his fingers across the wooden panels below the dado rail.  The exact spot proved to be elusive until at last, the touch of a spring and a panel drew down to reveal a large safe box.
And he hummed to himself, the infuriating man, and said nothing more, despite all of my questions and my pleading.
Stamford's shoulders shook in mirth.  His tumbler quaked inside his grasp; I worried it might tip into his lap.  “I do not wonder that you're stupefied,” said he.  “Would you believe I know the man of whom you speak?”
“So the man is either a sot or a lunatic,” I said.  “And he believes in his dreams.  That is a great shame, Holmes; I was so hoping for an interesting case.”
“And if that's my only flaw, then I am pleased enough to have it,” I replied.  “Although I fear that Mrs. Hudson, our landlady, is unhappy with the news.”
We ventured downstairs to the drawing room, where cocktails had been served.  We found ourselves in conversation with Uncle Rufus, who was a scatterbrain, but affable and curious.  He had learned I was a doctor, and so regaled me with a litany of medical complaints.  A hypochondriac, to boot!  We spoke a while with Newton Cooper, whose mood was greatly changed from lunch.  He had argued with Miss Alice; this had apparently unsettled him.  Mycroft arrived; the group so gravitated then towards his orbit.  Holmes and I drew to the side, onto a sofa by the window.
I lay back against the bedspread.  My friend loomed over me, and straddled me.  With long and dexterous fingers, he buttoned down my shirt, spread it wide open, cast his warm hands upon my chest.  His touch, gentle and loving, brought me to arch as he pressed down.  I felt his tongue tease at a nub, to softly flick and circle, to roam to hover at my navel.  I believe I moaned.  I reached to take his hand, that it might insinuate upon the tight cloth of my trouser front.  (He kneaded there but briefly.)  He switched attention to my mouth, to kiss me deeply, to stroke my face, to trace the angle of my jaw with a light thumb.
.”  He rode me steadily; I thrust a little, making him cry out.  We set a pace; I grasped his hips, he ground down roughly, and we took each other brutally.  He was the first to come; he howled and called my name; and clenched himself around me, bringing me to my own pleasure, where I filled him, and I could not stop, moreover, did not want to.  We collapsed against each other; words were said, such raw, barbaric words of love.  I held him tenderly.  My heart beat with a rapture; I was lost, completely, utterly.
Disgruntled, we were cast back onto the street.  Holmes looked up at the windows and the drainpipe that stretched downward from the gutter to the ground.
“I shall speak with Miss Jane tomorrow,” said Holmes.  “And the cook – Sally – she does not reside here either, is that correct?  But she is present during the day to prepare any meals that are required?  Hum, yes.  Very well.  I wonder what the pair of them might have really seen or heard.”
“How is it anything of the sort,” said he, waving me inside, “when there's no coffee on the table, and when the fires have not been lit?  It is intolerable, that's what it is.”
I wended to the kitchen, placed the letters on the table.  From the window I could see the tall lean figure of my friend at some far distance by the hives.  I unlatched the door and made my way to him, picking a path across the long grass.
“I don't 'sort out' people either,” said my friend.  “That is hardly my style.  How did you come by this suspicion?  A misplaced love letter?  The pair were seen in close vicinity?”
That same evening, I visited Stamford.  He was, I think, a little nervous, although he hid it well and bluffed it through the whisky glass he offered me.  We sat beside his fire and stalled; the neither of us sure of how to broach the conversation.
“Yes,” replied Holmes.  “I believe you did say.”  He wrinkled his nose in displeasure.  “This brilliantine smells of
“I don't want to crease my suit,” said Holmes.  “You are always wanting to pull my clothes around.  No, John, just stop it now.”
I stripped him slowly, and he squirmed and undulated, the colour rising in his cheeks.  When he was bare, I knelt and looked at him in awe.  “Every thing that I was dreaming of, and more,” I said.
I produced them from my bag.  We settled into a small truce, and played Gin Rummy as we were, upon the bed, quite oddly intimate.  We spoke little, but it was an easy silence, and I was grateful, given what had passed before.  I speculated as to what Holmes might have meant:
We drew back around a corner, waiting.  This area was quieter than the main street.  The intermingling scents that wafted from the nearby butcher and the baker sited opposite were first acrid and then powder sweet.  Rusty nosed the air and whined.  Somewhere close by, a barrel or a crate crashed to the ground, startling the animal.  He began to yip and paw the door.
.  Any further misdemeanours, and I'll be for it, no mistake.”  Holmes looked at me.  “So, my last chance is here at Baker Street, with you.”  He laughed again and shook his head.  A pause.  “What do you think of me now?”
For the next five minutes Mr. Sloan regaled us with the grounds for his belief.  We were reminded of his devotion and respect, and how his thoughts had been of Holmes when he had paid his friend, the gypsy, a short visit for a reading, and she had asked him what concerned him, and how he might be needing clarity.  He had no family to speak of, nor many other friends to talk with.  He thought it might be interesting to see what she could reveal about his 'hero'.
Some long time later, we were dressed and taking breakfast by the window, quite demure, as if the solitary thing that passed between us was the weather.  Every now and then we'd catch each other's eye and smile, our hearts full with the lark of it.  If I had known, let's say, two months ago, that I would be here now, in love – post coital! – with a man, I would have doubted my own sanity.  But here I was, in love, and with my head filled to capacity with sex and its peripheries.
That was the problem with old Stamford, I mused happily, much later, as I brushed my teeth and put myself to bed.  He always was a chap to leap to all the wrong conclusions and then adhere to those beliefs, no matter what his friends might say.  This speculation, now – what piffle! – and I chuckled at the thought of it.  Sherlock Holmes was comely, yes, but gracious me, I could not tolerate the man.  Tomorrow, then, we'd speak; no doubt the pair of us would barely remain civil; then we'd part, and I'd return to Upper Wimpole Street, and then in probability, the fellow would switch practices – quite quietly, without a fuss – and that would be the end of it.
I heard my friend yawn loudly, and rather pointedly, from his barber's chair beside me.  I might have turned my head to frown if Mr. Curtin, at that precise moment in heat-slowed time, had not been attending to the hair above the arc of my right ear.  I directed the frown instead to the mirror, where – naturally – it did not cast upon the irritant.  For Holmes's eyes were closed, his attention span elsewhere; thin fingers tapping the chair arm in recollection, I had no doubt, of the concert at St. James's we had attended the night before.
“Oh, same as usual.  Interrogatory.  Annoying.”  Holmes combed his hair.  “Age does not mellow him.”  He looked at me.  “Well, shall we?  Are you ready?”
“Oh, let's not talk around in circles,” he snapped, twisting around to face me.  “I cannot bear this conversation.  You want me as distraction, hmm?  Your profession makes things difficult; you have to be discreet, I understand.  It's hard to find like-souls.  But now, you think you've found one, so you latch on like a limpet.”
After a few further minutes, the gathering heat from the stone bid us rise and move on.  We followed the pathways and paused by the blossoms that most caught our eye.  Small birds in the treetops sang down to us, joyful.
“No more,” said he.  “I've had enough of my dear brother for the day.  Tomorrow will be ten times worse.”
, rather appropriately enough.  An adolescent birthday gift to me from my late brother.  I examined the flyleaf, a yellowing page.  His inscription upon it, in a featherweight scrawl:
We worked our way around the room.  At some short interval he paused; I heard a soft, low exclamation.  From the depths of a small box, Holmes drew a bottle which he raised that I might see.  “Look what I found.”
I explained our circumstances, and Jacob Jones nodded and smiled.  “Your farmstead had been empty for a while,” said he.  “It's fortunate you're there now, 'fore the winter sets in proper, like.  Who does your housekeep?  Are you looking?  My missus is searching for a post.”
I sighed and lit a cigarette.  There was a bother in my brain which I was studiously avoiding, but which kept chasing me regardless.  A cool wind turned and nipped me, and I rose, continued walking.  In my lonely mood I visited a restaurant for luncheon, seeking out a corner table.  I was glad to be alone and yet resentful of the fact; what should be done with me?  I ordered a half-bottle of white wine, and soup, a main dish made with pumpkin, and I borrowed a newspaper from the rack to read.
“It is all conjecture.  I am going to search the house.  Come with me, John, or not, but I would value your assistance.”
“Let us hope, then, that it is us who go doolally first,” said Holmes.  “Then Mrs. Hudson can look after us.  How much older is she, do you think?  How long before her knees give out?”
, my dear fellow.”  Holmes was examining his own card now – for of course, that's what it was.  He smiled at me.  “Oh, Watson.  It's from you.”
Yes, there they were indeed, the three – two gentlemen and a lady – and were now standing in a huddle close to the heavy-curtained wall.  They paid us little mind, lost in their own engrossing mardle.
“That is not very likely to happen,” said Holmes.  His tone was now uncertain.  “What is it you are trying to tell me?  That I have shaved my legs for nothing?”
And perhaps it has been, and perhaps I shall.  It is nice to be a Boswell, and even pleasanter to be an illuminating light.  But one day, I am quite certain, I will murder him.  Just not today, nor, probably, tomorrow.
.  Can't you see that I have work to do?  I have notes to write up.  I can't do any of that if you're manhandling me.”
“Well, there are eggs – the painted, papier-mâché sort – hidden across the house.  We have to find them.  And the team with the most eggs by twelve o'clock wins a small prize.”  Holmes rolled his eyes.  “Some piece of tat, no doubt, but
Mycroft Holmes was in his office.  We had chanced upon the lunchtime scrum, and Mycroft seemed about to join it, or rather would have, had we not barged into his quarters at that moment.
“I really don't think that it's going to snow,” I said, by the window, looking out at the sky from the grey curtain-fold.  “But
I would have given anything for his arms around me, then.  In comfort or in passion or in a self-conscious friendly gesture, I did not care – I craved only his touch.
“Congratulations, Holmes,” I said.  And we looked at each other again.  Ten minutes ago, we had been in each other's arms, where anything seemed possible.  We had both of us retracted now – a little – into the safety of our shells.  “What will you do now?”
Sherlock Holmes pinkened with pleasure.  “A simple case,” he murmured modestly.  “The clues were there to find.  Lestrade should have his man tomorrow if he has any sense at all.”
We had made it to this point, at last.  This afternoon, this bedroom, in this bed, we had taken from each other what we had wanted for so long.  Naked, oh my god, yes, fully naked, both, entwined, until we did not know where one began or the other might yet ever end.  I had taken him in my mouth for the first time, had heard his whimper and his begging for release.  He had roved me with those fingers of which I had so long obsessed, and he had brought me to my glory and I to his, and now we lay, some hours later, the sheets despoiled, the room a chaos.
I processed this with some great effort.  Holmes produced a pair of nail scissors from his pocket with a fine flourish.  “Give me it,” he said.
Holmes slipped into the room, shutting the door quietly and padding across to the bed, where he perched upon the edge, cast in dark shadows and streaks of pale light from the chinks of the curtain.
“Two engraved gold pocket watches, one silver chain, a silver locket and a key fob, John,” he said.  “And that was just today.  Mr. Figgis informs me that these past weeks he has accepted three signet rings, a silver compass timepiece and a pair of diamond earrings from this fellow.  What does
Victor was in the small sitting-room when we descended some few minutes later.  A gasogene and several decanters had been placed upon the table.  Daydreaming by the gewgaw mantel, he started alert upon our entrance and motioned us to sit.
“You're very welcome,” he replied.  He watched my mouth as it attempted to form words.  What words?  In panic, I invited him to dinner.  It was late now in the evening; I'd eaten nothing since midday.  From the corner of my eye I noticed Gregson and Lestrade both staring wide in our direction, and I wondered what a portrait we might paint, the two of us, so close and intimate this way inside the puddle of the street lamp.
The door swung open as we stepped onto the path, and a young maid bobbed low in curtsey, and a fellow darted out to take my bags and drop them through into the hall.  We were informed that Mycroft Holmes would greet us presently, but in the meantime if we might like to see our rooms?
He clutched his hair.  “My god, we'd best go out.  Let's take a walk.  There are some things I need to buy.
I find that there is nothing worse than waiting for an unknown eventuality.  I looked out glumly at the snow, cascading down in heavy flakes and settling thickly on the street, and wondered if we should be tramping in the midst of it quite soon.  Holmes was settled in his chair, legs drawn up tight against his chest, so much resembling a solemn bird of prey.  The air above him turned to fug as he smoked first one pipe then the next, some noxious mixture that matched well with his dark mood.
To his deep credit, my friend smiled.  “Not half as indiscreet as your chum Everett,” he said.  “He was a sprightly correspondent.”  Then, quite serious:  “It was unpardonable of me to read his letters.  You must forgive me.  I have really no excuse for that effrontery.”
, I told him silently.  I fought against the guilt and shame; I tamped those feelings flat and then I tucked them out of sight, because I would not feel so guilty, and I would not feel ashamed.  I thought of Holmes's words, “
Holmes shook his head.  “Oh, never mind.  It is no-one of importance.”  He recommenced to look in all directions.  “Come along, Watson, and don't drag your heels.”
I stopped abruptly.  The audience stirred in mild confusion.  I stared down.  I blinked.  Holmes's handwriting, which went on for several paragraphs.  I must continue with this farce, or else must improvise, or cut my speech short at its oddest, sharpest peak.
The anticipation was acute as we made our way downstairs.  All was quiet in the drawing room.  Holmes glanced back to us and nodded, and then led the way inside.
The midday mail broke our attention on the matter.  Holmes sifted through the letters, with little grunts of mild displeasure or approval as he saw fit.  There was a short note from Lestrade, a longer line from Langdale Pike, the news sheet gossip-monger, and the last a textbook parcel we had ordered very recently from Barnes on Oxford Street.  The first, my friend replied to with a two word telegram.  The second met with a snort and was discarded in the fire.  The third, we both pored over for an hour in combined study.
“Oh, I am feeling rather better,” said the lady.  “Not quite there, but not far off.  What do you have for me today?  More of those powders, I suppose?”
My esteemed friend Mr. Sherlock Holmes was, to all intents and purposes, at the very zenith of his powers throughout the year of 1895.  His cases were considerable, both in number and in growing reputation.  He revelled in
“I have already said everything that I know,” she said, sniffing.  “I am far too upset to be talking to anyone.”
“Watson, you really should pay attention.  One of them – the taller fellow, with the moustache similar to yours – was fairly animated.  I heard him declare quite distinctly:
He shrugged.  “I am interested to see how this plays out,” he said mysteriously.  “But John, let's have our breakfast, and turn our attention to other things.”
“We might have confirmed it if you had let me through the window, Watson,” said he.  He patted my shoulder.  “But thank you.”  He sighed then.  “Why are women always so emotional?  I wonder what the housekeeper might have had to say about the skull, if Lestrade had let her speak?  Drat him.”
pocket watches?  And ladies' jewellery?  I would wager that he had acquired them by some other means than inheritance or honesty.  Call me a cynic, John, but really.”
We conveyed our bounty to the hall, where Mycroft Holmes was playing judge.  He looked upon us with a half-smile.  “Sherlock and Watson,” he said, counting from our basket, “oh, you've done very well indeed.”
His tone hurt me.  “I have a little paperwork.”  I turned away.  “I shall be quiet then, as it seems I am talking too much.”
much detail as to the possibilities.”  He laughed ruefully then.  “My god, those letters, they are something.  You must have blushed down to your roots when you first read them.  Were your own, to him, as colourful?”
The week passed by, as any other week might pass if one was hopping on a tenterhook.  There was no further visitation; not a telegram, nor note.  I felt my spirits sink and settle in an unset pool inside of me.  By Friday I was miserable.  I gave myself a talking-to.  And then, at six o'clock – a telegram!
And I would have liked so dearly to say “Likewise!” – but my friend's ego might have popped from its inflation.
“I must be off,” said she, after the dishes had been washed.  “My husband's home.  It's going to snow.  I don't want to be caught in it.  You'll see me first thing in the morning.”  And away she hopped, half-tripping on her shawl, the front door banging closed behind her.
After an early morning breakfast and with our bags packed up and ready, Gregson caught us by the door.  He shook our hands and shuffled circles on the spot.
“Pshh,” said my friend.  “I have no time for mystic woo-woo.  Do you remember some years ago, John, we had a case that was centred around a crystal skull?”
“There was a smash,” I repeated.  I looked around in vain.  “Can you explain what you mean by 'a thing'?”
“Do not rush yourself on my account,” I said.  “Read it next Christmas morning if you would prefer.”
The dinner was delicious, and the wine was even more so.  Holmes sat beside me, and we carried on our talk, and became merry, from the Bordeaux to the Sauternes, to the Port, from there to brandy, until at last the evening ended, and we hauled ourselves to bed.  And as the hubbub all around us slowly faded, and the footsteps in the hallway ceased to pad, we found ourselves strangely reluctant to retire.
I imagined that Holmes would tell him, then.  But perhaps he wished to spare him the perplexion and the doubt, for he said nothing much of solace but:
I felt a pang of concern upon hearing those words.  Grave news of our dear young friend, Victor?  Whatever mishap could have befallen the poor fellow, after so much ill luck this past year?
We remained that way, quite motionless, for a minute or even two, locked inside our quiet embrace.  And then I stood back to release him that he might continue with his tidy.
I leaned back in my chair and eyed the fellow in amusement.  “I was sincere,” I said.  “So you, er, observe things in that way, and you solve crimes?”
“Oh, well, you know.  We both take turns.  You make a statement.  A deduction.  If it's true, I take a sip of this fine whisky.  If it's false, then it's my turn.  I make a statement.  And etcetera.”
We made it only just in time.  Gregson's flaxen head was stuck out from a carriage window.  He was looking left to right and seemed about to give up in disgust when we cantered up and climbed inside, pulling shut the narrow door.
“There are traces of tobacco on the underside of the stamp.  The hand is masculine, yet weak – you will notice the light pressure, and the jitter of the stroke.  The envelope quality is high-end; it is embossed.  Ergo, your thoughts?”
“No, no,” said Mycroft, “you misunderstand.  Sherlock, your room is taken, I'm very sorry.  I thought we'd had a cancellation, but the fellow's just shown up.  It would be rudeness if we turned him out now that he's settled in.”
“Mr. Holmes!  Dr. Watson,” said he, sounding surprised.  “It is only two days since we last saw one another.  Do you bring any news?”
I heard a clatter from the sitting-room – so Holmes was up betimes, most likely at the breakfast table, nonchalant and sipping coffee, and I simply
One Tuesday morning at ten o'clock precisely, Holmes and I were sat side by side in revolving chairs at Smith & Curtin, the gentleman's barber shop on Lincoln Street.  With white sheets wrapped around us to suffocate us even further, it was to some relief, still, as the snips of hair were shaken to the tile in triumphant coda.
Monday morning came around, and by some miracle with patients, a full morning's worth which I was pleased enough about.  By midday I was writing notes and thinking that I might pop out to purchase some tobacco, when the doorbell rang once more.  Resigned, I took my seat and waited for the rap upon the door.  It came before too long; Miss Marsh announced herself and then the visitor.
Holmes called the waiter, paid the bill, and tipped a generous amount.  We walked into the night, muffled against the biting wind, the sleeting rain.  Holmes did not take my arm, this return journey, but the weather was so inclement that I scarcely even noticed.  We were home in a short time, hanging our coats, removing hats, and then my friend turned round to look at me.
I looked to Holmes.  He shrugged.  It seemed the name was unfamiliar to my friend.  I let the subject slide, turning my attention to the wondrous smells of baking tart and garden mint.
“Okay, so...” The fluttering grey broke up on the screen to reveal a black teardrop shape with a little grey ball tucked inside. Too soon, the technician adjusted the angle and the image was lost. But that fleeting glimpse had left John breathless. That was their baby. He’d get to hear its fast little heartbeat. He’d know everything was okay.
Unless the castle had had radiators installed in the last twenty years, he doubted he'd find the source of the warmth.
Sherlock leaned forward, breathing through an open mouth. He was so ready to continue his argument, his explanations--
“I’m not going anywhere, Sherlock. Not now, not ever.” His fingers held Sherlock’s wrist loosely before twining their fingers together. The angle was awkward, but the sentiment was there. John moved closer and he slipped his left arm further around Sherlock’s back. When they settled a moment later, they were sitting in the center of the couch, Sherlock’s left hand wrapped with John’s right, John’s left arm settled along the curves and folds in the blankets to rest on Sherlock’s right hip. There were so many blankets. It was like John was hugging a linen space pod.
John sat down at their table and unpacked the bag. "How much weight did he tell you you need to gain, then?" That was the only reason Sherlock would bother to do the shopping.
In fact, this sort of thing happened at least once per week, generally after she'd had one argument or another with the fellow in the cafe downstairs. Sherlock always tried to stay out of it; didn't like influencing the dreams--the one place he never liked to meddle.
He wraps one arm around my chest and pulls me up farther onto my knees, effectively impaling me on his prick as he begins to thrust harder. I lose the sensation of the pointed silk, but I gain something I hadn’t even dared to dream of—John, fully suited, pressed against my naked back. As he drags me closer, sucking a bruise into my shoulder, his fingernails dig into my collarbone and the buttons on his shirt threaten to fuse with my spine.
Sherlock was quiet for a moment. He entwined his fingers with John’s, giving him a squeeze, a signal of
But then he held his breath, because the flickering glow of his porn hadn't let him see what was now glaringly obvious.
And then they--John and Sherlock, a team again rather than two men living in separate wings of a mansion--were going to destroy him.
“Check your records, Mycroft. There was an error. I’m sure of it. Annabelle’s Alpha is walking around London right now, and I fully expect you and your
“Can I go to bed right now?” Hamish asks. He stands, holding his new jim-jams like a security blanket and Sherlock wonders if he’ll ever hear the boy ask that question again.
They’d come to their senses before any clothes were removed (though Sherlock’s shirt had suffered some tears and popped buttons), but the damage had been done. Each alpha’s scent was one that the other now knew almost intimately, and that short taste would never really be enough.
There was something about the glint in Jim's dark eyes that made John feel like the man knew something, like he was accusing him outright of having a wank while thinking about his best friend.
"Did he say where he was going?" John interrupted before the full story could come out. He didn't care much, but he would've been lying if he said that he wasn't concerned about watching the Potions master disappear into the night with a stranger.
They are, of course, negotiable. If Sherlock has particularly strong feelings about the timing of a Nuisance Card (and he has a standing rule against them being issued while he's investigating serial killers), he has the power to request that the card be rescinded and used at a later date. There hasn't come a time yet when Sherlock felt the need to veto one. It's possible that this is because these small moments aren't actually "nuisances," but he hasn't analyzed much about that other than the morning he couldn't get out of bed because John Watson wanted a cuddle.
“I know you’re an army doctor and you’ve been invalided home from Afghanistan. I know you’ve got a brother who’s worried about you, but you won’t go to him for help because you don’t approve of him. Possibly because he’s an alcoholic, more likely because he recently walked out on his wife. And I know that your therapist thinks your limp’s psychosomatic--quite correctly, I’m afraid. Not to mention the fact that you’re currently unmatched. That’s enough to be going on with, don’t you think?”
John hummed contentedly and allowed his hand to gain momentum under the water, small waves moving rhythmically. His hips canted upwards, now feeding from the wetness and the perfect heat of the bath.
Sherlock turned so that his right side was facing John. “I want to document external growth,” he said. “I’ve missed the first few months because I didn’t think of it until now, but I believe I can backtrack and make accurate estimates.” Another flash, another photo. Sherlock turned so that John could see his other side. “And most of the growth will be in the next few months, so those are the most crucial.”
Sherlock interrupted him, took one step forward: “I wouldn’t even be introducing you to her if I didn’t think we might--”
The blistering was sore in the way that a dead man’s wound wouldn’t have been, a dull ache that served as a constant reminder that there was someone out there feeling for him. Someone who had, perhaps, awakened in the middle of the night to a burning pain and watched as the numbers practically boiled out of her skin--and then stopped.
“Let me just get something to clean you up,” he says, ever the caretaker, clearing his throat once more, determined. I look over my shoulder and grin—he doesn’t take his eyes off of my arsehole until he has to physically turn to leave the room.
Six weeks into their anonymous affair, John was pushing his hips against the hole. His balls had long ago been pulled through by SH and were being fondled lightly as his cock slid between those now-familiar lips.
Sherlock’s mind let him imagine that he had won, that he’d pushed a willing John Watson into his bed and pinned him down, arms above his head as their bodies finally came together as naked as the day they were born. The mechanics of this would be different in the light of reality, but this was his--he could hold the smaller man down the same way he felt wrestled down by his need.
Unfortunately, he wasn’t yet willing to take the risk of introducing him to Annabelle. And it was a given that the longer he waited, the more delicate the situation would become. Even if Sherlock could pretend he hadn’t known just whose semen had been used in his fertilization, he’d now spent a not-insignificant amount of time with his mouth on John’s skin, with his nose pressed into the man’s hair, wrapped in his amorous embrace. The scent was clear--even if he hadn’t noticed it the first time, there was no way he could pretend that their mingled pheromones didn’t remind him of the daughter he left behind for his tryst.
“You were telling Mike about your limp as I came around the corner--I ran into you and you were instantly able to stabilize the pair of us, even though I’m significantly taller. And you’ve been standing since without the assistance of your walking stick.” He inclined his head toward where the walking stick was abandoned on the tiled floor. “You’re not favoring one leg over the other right now--even if you were posturing to show Alpha strength, I’d be able to see through it--so you’re simply not aggravated by pain. Ergo, a psychosomatic limp.” Sherlock released John’s hand with something resembling reluctance rumbling around in his gut and bent to retrieve said walking stick. The cooler containing the toes was just a few steps away, so he retrieved that as well, and when he stood back up and offered the stick to the doctor, the man was smiling. Beaming, even.
Sherlock knows that Hamish likes to open large gifts, so he’d made sure to find a decently sized garment box for the tiny pair of footed jim-jams when he’d been doing the wrapping. It’s no surprise when the little boy gravitates toward the large box and immediately turns the card over. There, in the elegant scrawl of the man in red (Well, Lestrade--they’d needed handwriting Hamish wouldn’t recognize), is Hamish’s name.
John hadn’t noticed, but he hadn’t had much of an opportunity to inspect anything. Sherlock had become almost self-conscious about the bump, sometimes seeming agitated if John touched him without invitation.
Sherlock watched as John sighed and closed his laptop. All of his tells were there--yes, he would be agreeable to a sexual relationship if it were possible for it to stay on the safe side of the violent line. He’d go into intimacies that were aggressive, but not if there was a chance that they would injure each other. Sherlock could tell from the way his eyes lingered on his throat when he raised them. But there was also the tension in his shoulders, holding himself back from what he wanted.
John watched Sherlock's pale features for recognition. There was a small bit, but John suspected all Sherlock knew about Jim was the bit about the hair product, which had all been an act in the first place.
He felt like he had to pick his jaw up off the floor, but still John complied with the request. He drew out his wand (from, of course, the inside right pocket) and waved it at the bat wing with a flourish and quiet enchantment.
John followed him away, not wanting to let those perfect lips leave his own for a second longer, and helped Sherlock wrap his long legs around his waist. Two taps to the detective's sides and a bit of careful lifting on John's part, and he was sat with his legs straining and a lapful of Sherlock Holmes.
He was pulled back by John's dry hand, hips held firmly in place. It didn't take a genius (though Sherlock was one, of course) to know that John's other hand was busy with preparatory business.
“I want you inside me.” John returned to the open-mouthed kisses he was pressing against the side of Sherlock’s throat. The pulse under his lips quickened. A good sign. He sucked carefully at the skin just below his lover’s ear, exhaling almost harshly as he straddled his naked thighs. “God, I want to ride you.”
John’s hands settled on the rounds of Sherlock’s arse, gently parting them, and one of his thumbs traced the wet rim, making Sherlock’s entire body flutter and shiver in anticipation. He couldn’t help thinking that if John hadn’t put the guard in already, he’d be running his tongue up and down and in and--
"Come now, John, you can't tell dear Mrs. Hudson not to do her job just because you can't come up with a creative password. What if I was an enemy?" Sherlock cocked his head and smiled almost alarmingly. "I'm truly doing you a favor by forcing you to be more careful."
"My brother has taken leave for the rest of term. As there are only two weeks until winter holiday, my brother asked that he be excused from his responsibilities in light of recent events." The older man leaned forward onto his desk, staring down his bird-like nose at the confused man in front of him.  He looked concerned, and John assumed it was right to be so. Sherlock? Willingly asking a favor of his brother? "My younger brother is rarely so out of sorts, Professor Watson. I'm sure you can understand why his leave has me wondering exactly what happened in the Room of Requirement."
It wasn’t quite as instantaneous as it probably would’ve been if they’d been in some kind of romantic comedy, but it was a near thing. John’s hand moved on Sherlock’s cock with the confidence of a practiced lover--though it was ultimately the knot expanding completely that drove Sherlock over the edge, filling him and providing perfect pressure in all the places he needed it most.
This was news to John, as he couldn't remember being scheduled for rounds so far away from his usual haunt--or at all that night, to mention it--but it wasn't uncommon for Sherlock to pass things off on him so he could sit in his chambers and stare at decaying frog eyes in slug slime or whatever his latest atrocity was.
But Sherlock isn’t ready to go that far just yet, and he prompts another slew of frustrated words when he quickly disengages and kneels on the bed next to his partner. His long fingers trail up John’s heaving stomach and chest, light-haired skin stained red from exertion and nearly identical to his own current coloring.
to get pregnant for two and a half years. It might take some time for us to get it right." He didn't mention that his own age was likely lowering his sperm count or the fact that they still didn't even know if Sherlock's body was in good enough form to conceive.
"You felt fine when we went to sleep, yeah?" John asked. His open hand was running up and down Sherlock's trembling back. The consulting detective didn't have a shirt on, but he assured his lover that he wasn't cold, just trying to control the heaving.
It didn’t take a detective to see that Sherlock’s insemination date had overlapped with John Watson’s injury. Of course, at the time, the Alpha had somehow been listed as deceased in the system, so his swimmers had been called to action for Queen and country.
"The same way I know that you're a Muggle-born with dead parents and a nonmagical sibling. You were also injured during the Battle of Hogwarts, for which you stayed behind out of loyalty to your school, even though you'd been ordered to safety. Your left shoulder, yes?"
John closes his eyes and rolls onto his back, flopping his head on the pillow. He trusts Sherlock’s judgement enough to know that he’s probably accurate down to the second.
"Good! Very good!" Moriarty said, barely bothering to struggle. John's heart pounded and he tightened his grip, watching the object of his protection over his enemy's shoulder. Jim's voice was flirting with song when he continued, "Oh, he's sweet. I can see why you like having him around, but people do get so sentimental about their pets."
"Lestrade?" The Headmaster looked over his shoulder and into a shadowed alcove, where the Auror stepped from at the sound of his name.
at my flat, only to arrive here and be told that there’s no room for me. When I asked for a reason, I couldn’t be given one other than a very
Steady as her heartbeat somewhere across town, waiting. He would meet her on the twenty-ninth day of January in 2010.
"It's customary to wait until after the first trimester, when one is considered 'out of the woods.' We're almost to that point, so I don't see why we wouldn't want to tell people." Sherlock's fingers wound in his scarf and gave it a tug. He was looking flushed. He was used to wearing the coat in the middle of summer; it wasn't anywhere near the normal heat he subjected himself to. But it seemed that the new hormones weren't fond of warmth, at least from John's point of view.
The Potions master turned suddenly and brushed his hands together. Long, narrow fingers sent small bits of whatever they'd been chopping to the floor.  "Head of the Infirmary, yes, clearly." He eyed John up and down for a moment, taking him in. Blue eyes found his own green ones and held him for a moment, sending a short flutter through him.
Before he could ask, Sherlock had positioned the tip of John’s cock against his entrance with one hand and began to sink down.
Once John had swallowed down his release, he got off the bed and reached for Sherlock's wrist restraints. Sherlock hoped he wasn't about to be sent away. He felt completely boneless; he just wanted to lay there a while and bask in the fact that he'd just had an orgasm he wasn't about to wake from.
"You aren't betraying him, John, you're helping him.” The Headmaster had similar abilities to his brother, then. “If Moriarty has made a threat that has so shaken my brother, you'll be bringing it to light and ensuring that the Aurors can stop him before this goes to far." Mycroft Holmes paused and looked at Lestrade, who nodded.
He didn’t know what time it was. Last he remembered, he’d helped Annabelle with her puzzle, fed her dinner, and then settled in to watch some of the mindless telly that was apparently educational for growing minds.
"I'll implant it in your hand if that's what it takes to keep you from doing something like that again," John said. He picked up a dish with a damp flannel in it and gently pressed against the other man's hairline, carefully wiping away the blood that had caked against his skin. "You knew I'd be right behind you--"
All the tension in his shoulders, all the anger--everything faded away in the span of that moment. Sherlock was staring up at him from where he was kneeling on the other side of a fresh corpse, the Yarders were standing still as if they knew John would shoot them where they stood if they moved--and that was the moment.
Now that Sherlock could look back at it without the haze of his heat impeding his deductions, he could see the signs: John had been reminded of his unexpected spawn while thinking of Sherlock gone gravid. He clearly wanted children. And even without having to go through pregnancy again, Sherlock had the ability to give him that. He could answer an unanswered question--he could solve John's greatest mystery.
True enough, when the blond-haired Holmes is finished, he announces to his fathers that he knows exactly what he wants. John and Sherlock, who are sitting on the couch with two cups of tea perched on the table in front of them, inquire to his wishes.
Sherlock rolled out of bed and tugged on his dressing gown before stalking out to the kitchen to check on the fragile hair follicles he'd left resting in saliva samples. He had a lot of work to do, things to catch up on after his selfish nap.
John looked down at his wrist once more. It was one thing to have your match not be the blonde-haired, blue-eyed beauty you expected her to be. Fantasies were aptly named for a reason, after all.
John gave a hard swat to his bum, but pressed his finger in further. The sting of the slap combined with the stretch around that finger was tantalizing, and Sherlock dared to wonder if he'd be bearing down on the cock that had so exquisitely fucked his mouth earlier in the week.
Something stabbed at the base of John’s throat; a searing realization of exactly what it meant for Sherlock Holmes to be uncomfortable with a topic. Sherlock, who had no filter between his brain and his mouth, had managed to keep this secret for two decades. He had lived alone with it in the back of his mind; taking up valuable space in his mind palace for
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock's middle again, holding him in place for a long moment, face pressed into the space between his shoulders. He wheezed there for a long moment, trying to get his breath back but finding that he mostly just wanted to curl up inside the other man and stay there for as long as he'd have him.
” The Alpha bit his lip, possibly in pleasure, possibly to keep himself quiet. He seemed torn between thrusting up into the welcoming heat of his lover’s body or letting Sherlock ride out his pleasure on his own. “God, Sherlock, don’t stop.”
When it was too much for his softening member, John gently disengaged. He sat back on Sherlock's stomach, moving away carefully. Sherlock heard and felt the other man zipping himself back into his trousers before John moved again on the bed.
While John was having a bit of a dizzy spell over his lack of preparedness for this news, Sherlock simply said “Identical twins. Fascinating.”
He looked up at Sherlock, who was straddling his thighs and practically vibrating with excitement and he hadn't ever exactly fantasized about this moment, but here it was.
"Is there a specific schedule we should be on?" Sherlock asked, tapping away at his keyboard before continuing. "You eat silently, I research, we leave each other alone for twelve hours and then over dinner tonight, I ask you again? Would that be more appropriate?"
No matter what niggling sensation in the back of John’s mind told him he’d forgotten to pack Sherlock’s slippers or that they’d gotten the wrong newborn formula, they were ready.
He was pushed back onto the pillows and Sherlock would have mourned the loss if he hadn't known that John's fingers were necessary to unbutton his jeans.
His name echoed off the walls, solitary in the late hour. The last time someone had said his name in that tone, he'd been sneaking out with Sarah Sawyer in his seventh year.
There was no time to even hear the body hit the ground after the Unforgivable was cast into the room. All he saw was Sherlock's fingers as they dropped the small vial they were wrapped around when the shield was broken by the death of its caster.
When he finally began to come down from his fantasy almost a quarter hour later, he heard a stifled shout from the room above him.
John smiled fondly to himself, briefly wondering how he’d gotten lucky enough to be here, able to think about the fact that in a little while, he’d be engaging in post-coital
John raised his head, trying to push himself up a bit so he wasn't crushing Sherlock, but he was pulled back down, wrapped up in Sherlock, who seemed content to be a human octopus for just a few more moments.
The door opened and there was a quick intake of breath as Sherlock knew John's eyes were raking over his mind's fondest wish, spread and ready for him. And Sherlock was ready for anything John wanted to give him, he'd taken care of that with John's own lubrication.
Instead of kissing him (as he clearly expects, based on his droopy eyes and the instinctual leftward tilt of his head), I tilt to my left, ducking to press my lips just below his ear, barely keeping above his collar.
He popped it open and poured the contents into his hand--a specially-designed guard for the rare Alpha who needed to take the temptation out of the equation. Worn in the heat of the moment, for lack of better phrasing, it would ensure an Alpha couldn’t place a bond bite. Of course, it wasn’t fool-proof--an Alpha could always remove it mid-coitus. But it couldn’t be spit out.
Seconds was all it took to decide he needed better leverage, and Jon sacrificed a brief moment to stall their lovemaking in order to awkwardly shift sideways and place one foot on the floor. His guess had been correct--it was much easier to support Sherlock's weight, and when he wrapped both arms around his lover once more, they sighed into each other's lips at the closeness of their bodies, pressed flesh to flushing flesh from groin to forehead.
“You’re staring again,” Sherlock said from the couch one evening. John was quickly brought out of his near-lustful ogling of his lover by that stern voice. He knew that Sherlock’s back was bothering him--it was why he was laying down at only half-six on a Thursday rather than wandering around the flat poking and prodding at things for entertainment.
That was when it clicked for Sherlock; when his eyes widened almost imperceptibly and he took another step forward, turning in a small circle and looking around the room as he did so. John's action switched, and suddenly he was slapping himself in the side of the face.
“Of course,” Sherlock answered, pulling away and heading for the laundry basket with his pyjamas. “Why would anything be less than okay?”
John’s breath left him in one great, heaving exhalation, only to be replenished by a desperate gasp. He couldn’t remember the last time Sherlock had looked quite so
"Now, Mr. Watson, have there been any complications thus far? Cramping, spotting, et cetera?" The technician turned on her little swiveling stool, emerging from behind the curtain so John could see her.
When he entered the living room, he saw his friend laying flat on his back, stretched out on the couch. With the dim light from the street lamps outside, John couldn’t tell if his eyes were open or closed. It probably didn’t matter; Sherlock rarely slept if John wasn’t in the flat.
“John. John, can you hear me?” Starts to pull away. John pulls him closer, gripping the raised collar on that damnable coat with shaking fingers. Too much. Still too little. This will all be over far too soon. “I’m here, John.” A strong hand on the small of his back, holding him close. Fingers on the back of his neck, skin on skin. Comfort. Never Sherlock’s area; perfected in this small gesture. “I’m here.”
John could hear a warm smile in her voice. He wondered if she had been prepped about what she was looking for. When there was potential for diagnosis of a miscarriage, he imagined a technician wouldn’t be quite so chipper.
John stayed still, not reaching for the offered wand box. "Thank you, Headmaster, but I already planned to go to Diagon Alley tomorrow and fetch one myself."
John Watson had never so much as given a bloke a second glance. He barely tolerated porn that featured too much of the male partner. Sure, he’d spent time in the army, but he hadn’t even resorted to friendly shags the way some of the other soldiers did.
about any of the items; some are merely things that need to be replaced due to his own experimentation and carelessness (duvet, pants, blender, kettle, and mugs in that exact order). The others are just...
"Well then you could cherish the look of surprise on my face." Moriarty's jaw dropped, and from behind him, John imagined he looked akin to a cartoon character. He held the face for a moment before returning to a cold, disinterested mask. "Because I'd be surprised, Sherlock. Really, I would. And... Just a teensy bit... Disappointed."
John looked down to the end of the hall into the dark, unassuming shadows and sighed. He should've known he'd muck it up eventually. All because of his bleeding fucking heart.
Sherlock couldn’t remember a time anyone had ever made him feel like he could come from a sideways glance, not even when he first presented as an Omega, but here was John Watson, sucking on his fingers like they were a delicacy, tracing his fingerprints with his sinful tongue, skidding his teeth over knuckles. Those lips had been wrapped around his cock not even a week ago, and it hadn’t been anywhere near as erotic as watching him close his eyes in pleasure from the sheer taste of Sherlock’s natural lubricant. What had always been a messy inconvenience of his secondary gender was now positively
“I suppose your stamina will decide.” He was kneeling spread-legged between John’s, one hand on the the button to his trousers. John was amazed to realize he looked every bit his role: confident, controlled, a beauty nearly unattainable. But,
Sherlock, ignoring John's sarcasm, seemed to consider it, but said, "Just this once, since it's already here."
There wasn't a single body part, not even in the ice box. No toenails, no scorpions.  There were real, edible foods. Uncooked meats and fruits and yoghurt. The blender even looked like it had been used for something other than pureeing brain matter.
"Professor Sherlock Holmes asked Miffy to remind Professor Watson that he has rounds tonight on the seventh floor, sirs."
“You thought about having me over the table before they’d even got downstairs,” Sherlock notes, pressing up so that his cock rubs against John’s navel. It’s warm and a little slick, but not enough to get him off. Anyway, he does it again. “You keep thinking about how long it’s been since we’ve--”
The look on John’s face could’ve moved to offended territory, but instead he looked--the only word Sherlock could think of for it was “smitten.” Which was a problem, all things considered.
John reached into his robes uselessly. His wand was probably out in the hallway where he'd dropped it, lying on the stone while he was under duress. He was defenseless, he was being drawn on by his best friend, this man who had come so close to being his lover.
Somehow, it was an easy friendship to fall into. Most of the time, he didn't even feel like his privacy was being invaded.
. John knew because even though he couldn't get as far into his own mind as Sherlock could, he was nearing that state himself, as fresh as the first time.
Before he could remove the condom himself, his stranger's fingers were around him, stroking him and making his body shiver. The condom went away a moment later and then John was cleaned off by the stranger, as he always was. Before John could question a thing, the other man was gone and John could only assume he'd return the next week for whatever else their affair had to give.
it was very different from kissing a woman, but not as unpleasant as John had imagined it would be. Soft lips with a trace of stubble at the end of the day, a tongue slipping along his bottom lip, a hard cock pressed against his belly and, oh, it was going to be so nice to live the man's promise from the hall.
"Is that a unicorn-core sycamore tucked away in those robes, or are you just pleased to see me?" Jim spoke in a richer, slower cadence than when John had interacted with the man as Molly's supposed boyfriend. Now he just seems dark.
He didn't understand it, he just waited for a horrible death to become him. There were no immediate symptoms aside from an uncomfortable after-texture coating his mouth like thick powder, and Jim let him put the goblet down before directing him to stand in a shadowed corner.
And suddenly Sherlock could smell his mate more clearly than anything else in the room, anything else in the universe. He could taste it when he opened his mouth in a smile to breathe him in, could see John’s warm face behind closed eyes. John's breath against his neck, soothing the impending soreness. The world was shrinking down to the new mate in his arms, the only man good enough to be
They stumbled off down the road clumsily, and John watched them disappear into the evening. He stood a few indecisive moments later, brushing nonexistent crumbs from his lap. He found Angelo not far from the door and tapped him on the shoulder.
"You heard me speaking twice today, both times close enough that you would've been able to put a face to me, a name to me. But you avoided the obvious choice, instead choosing to avoid me. Why?" They were shadowed by the surrounding buildings and John could already feel the other man pressed into his back. He leaned into the warm body on instinct.
John blinked at him, sure a response was coming. Hearing Sherlock say the words “popular culture” was enough to intrigue him.
He held the jumper in one hand, letting the wool scritch against his skin as he dragged the neckline of it up to his face. His cock was thickening as the smell brought back the sense memory of suckling at John’s throat, teeth begging to bite harshly enough to trigger a bond. But no--that would have brought on a violence in the both of them that could have been more danger than pleasure.
“John,” he says, and John can feel the sound in every inch of them that touch. “John, I... I don’t expect you to take this lightly.” Arms tighten around him, and rightly so. John’s knees are shaking with his effort to remain standing. Warmth, words, weight. It doesn’t add up. Too many of his senses are working against him. It’s never been like this before.
“Uncommonly tired.” The detective pressed back against his fiancé’s body. “I’m glad I’ll be able to be up and about again, especially without the swollen ankles and back pain.”
“Could you tell us exactly what it is you’re looking for?” John asked, twining his fingers with Sherlock’s.
Thankfully, Annabelle was with Mrs. Hudson while he harassed Molly for the toes of a corpse that had washed up along the Thames. They had to be significant--the left foot’s appendages had been completely removed. If Sherlock could find something interesting on the right toes, he could solve the case in time for dinner.
"So... Your family are pure-bloods, then?" John asked, just wanting to make polite conversation. Maybe Sherlock would be impressed that he'd made such a simple observation. People these days weren't quite as obsessed with blood status as they had been in the past, but it was still a relevant talking point.
John began to rock his hips forward and back, letting his fingers trace the line of Sherlock’s side before curving along his stomach. Before he could reach down to stroke his lover, long fingers caught his wrist.
John looked around at the chaos of the room. Sherlock Holmes's private quarters, and he'd just left a complete stranger alone.
Sherlock scowled. "Anderson isn't people, he's barely fit for shoe polish. I was thinking Mrs. Hudson, maybe Lestrade."
He nipped at his lover's collarbone, simultaneously teasing a hardening nipple with his dominant hand.
"I can't keep anything secret from you, can I?" John asked as he undid the knotted leather strap behind Sherlock's head.
I keep his trousers buttoned, but unzip them, as clear a sign of my intentions as I can give. When I look up at him, he wets his lips, clearly on the verge of asking a question. But he bites down firmly, keeping the question at bay when I get a hand inside his flies and maneuver his half-hard prick out into the open air.
"Would you excuse me, Headmaster?" John asked, head reeling. He needed to find Sherlock; he needed to know what happened. He’d never had any sort of blackout period in his life, not even when he’d first come of age and had far too much fun with alcohol in the Hufflepuff common room. "I'd like to go and find--"
, John thought. One hand slid down the wall to press against where his stranger's shoulder would be. He wanted to tangle his hands in the man's hair, wanted to pull that mouth closer, wanted that face pressed into his groin, hands on his balls.
The wand was snapped into two pieces, each of them tossed in different directions in the woods. They wouldn't be traced back to him, even if the twigs were found.
“It will be fine,” Sherlock said. He truly believed in his hypothesis; their bodies would react perfectly to each other with the introduction of the synthetic omega lubricant. “I know you want this too, John. Holding yourself back now isn’t going to change the fact that this will all come to a head eventually. It’s just a matter of whether or not we’re prepared. Right now, right here--we’re prepared.”
