Somehow, in their jerky movements, Sherlock had gotten John’s back to the brick wall. The taller Familiar having lowered his head so that he could stare intensely into John’s eyes when John had finally realized he wasn't actually hurting Sherlock. Blinking up at him, somewhere in the back of John’s thoughts a certain little miffed individual was crossing its arms and huffing frustratingly. First physical contact in months and it was being pressed back against the wall like some dame out on a date.
“A cup of tea would be lovely.” John was trying his best to salvage the situation as best as possible as he called after her, “Maybe some biscuits if you have any?”
John didn't even give the firearm that also shared the drawer with the laptop a second glance as he sat the machine on the desk in front of him and then re-closed the drawer. Lifting the laptop’s lid and hitting the on button let the machine slowly hum to life, and with a few single clicks he found himself looking at the page he knew was already titled “The personal blog of John H. Watson.” with little else but a blank slate under the bigger letters.
“I wasn't hiding anything!” John raised his tone back up, though the anger had left it completely. He was more astonished than anything else at this point. They think he had lied?! “I don't know what this,” John motioned to himself, “or
“Oh?” Now he had his attention. Sherlock was looking directly over to him with the blue gaze locked onto John.
“Your...yeah, okay.” John quickly closed the fridge while lifting a hand to rub at his face. He didn't dare ask what else was in there. Better to take the time to psyche himself up to conquer the fridge later. His appetite was long gone now.
Sherlock did his best to force himself to keep from scowling at the tone. He had already upset John once today, and did want to avoid making him any more agitated than he already was. That, and the current situation did give access to a solution to the issue that he hadn't had time to shove John’s clothes back into his closet by the time he had heard him walking up the stairs.
Both of the girl’s eyes widened slightly as she recognized the name, and gave a quick simple nod. Wordlessly she made her way around the desk and motioned for the two of them to follow her. A few hallways out of the way, and they were being shown into an office with a light knock from the girl before she quickly headed back in the direction they had came.
It didn't keep him from muttering a silent curse over at the doorway though, he still had his left hand gloved at least, like
Today sure hadn't ended up anything like he thought it was going to. But that was a good thing, right?
Sherlock’s gaze drifted from John, to the floor, and back to the coat rack on the wall under John’s inquisitive but silent reply to his stalling. Eventually he gave a roll of his eyes, and yanked off the coat in a single fluid motion that sent the thing flying against the wall and just barely making it onto the hook itself. Just as quickly, Sherlock twisted about and made his way into the living room.
Sherlock did not reply at first, waiting till after John had left the room and the sound of a closing door allowed Sherlock to believe his flatmate was out of earshot.
Dropping the bottle, he had dove his fists into his hair and did his best to cover his ears at the sound. White light bathed the room in almost a baptism fit of glory and Sherlock only had a chance to see Jeff’s body drop and begin to twitch in the violence of the sudden onslaught.
Due to having one to many cat-loving girlfriends in the past, and the internet, John knew this breed easily. Sherlock was a British Shorthair,
John lay slumped halfway over his chair, breathing heavily as he stared at the body he had attacked. It was only Sherlock’s hand suddenly thumping down onto his shoulder from which the detective used to hoist himself up and off the floor did John even remember that Sherlock had been mere inches from death, because of him.
John didn't even get the chance to lift his arm before he was being sent backwards onto his arse, then shoulder first into the sand. The pain didn't register at first, per the usual, but while John was looking up at the hazy blue sky he knew it was coming.  What he didn't know, was how electric the feeling would be as his shoulder pulsed out his life blood and he felt his muscles constrict in both a wave of said pain, and another injection of adrenalin into his bloodstream. A blood stream that was quickly beginning to cover the sand to his side and back in a warmth that did not even remotely compare to the heat of the sand under him.
John gave a soft sigh as the music enveloped his senses, even when he was half-asleep. Giving a few bleary blinks he looked up to find his new flatmate in a stance he felt was something out of a movie.
Sherlock’s blinking slowly quickened as his mind caught up with his body, and he found him slowly looking over to John, with that same curious expression.
Everything was just dandy in John’s mind as he went back to re-reach for the box under his bed. A few failed grabs, but he eventually found it and yanked it out to join him. Laying back down he let the box lay on his chest as he slipped the lid up and off, tilting it up towards his face so he could look at the contents. All he would really need is one of his magazines…
John was slowly running on mere fumes by the time they made it back to the Museum. He had no idea what time it was anymore. It’d been dark hours ago it seemed after they had left the Museum the first time. After spending time at the flat with the pictures he’d taken blown up to full array, John’s body was desperately trying to tell him to sleep with every ache and yawn he fought back.
John stood outside the bathroom for a moment longer, regarding Sherlock’s door with a curious expression. There was no way the Familiar wouldn't have heard him if he was still in the flat. Maybe he’d went out for some reason? He might be asleep, but John doubted that the man really slept hard enough to not hear anything at all, he just didn't seem the type.
Suddenly, the man looked back up directly into John’s eyes, the gray piercing into his blue as if it could read every single aspect of John’s character with simply that look, and it was everything that John could do not to shiver in the feeling while he was being studied.
“Yeah, really...” John was barely able to mutter, not responding to the comforting touch in the slightest.
“Why am I not surprised. The answer is no.” John kept a hold of his cane with one hand, but was able to cross his arms in defiance of the request.
Sherlock took his time by slowly looking between the two of them, though seemed to be completely lacking in his usual
“I will have you know, that my idea had nothing to do with the head in the first place. But, I am now curious to know what decomposition does to the actual use of the vocal cords, how he would sound different…Interesting.” Sherlock slowly muttered off, with a hand tapping his chin thoughtfully before swooping into the direction of the kitchen.
“Oh! Apologies.” And menus were being placed in front of them. “Always in a hurry you are, don't let me interrupt, let me just set the mood…” With that said, Angelo was already running off to another unoccupied table and snatching up a candle that had been placed in it’s center. Bouncing back to their table he thrust the candle onto theirs and pulled a set of matches from a front pocket of his apron. A hiss and switch later, and the candle had been lit. Blowing the match out Angelo clapped his hands, looking rather pleased.
Patting himself down while he removed himself from the cab, John found his keys while he made his way up to the flat. By the time he reached the door he already had the correct key in hand and was ready to make this stop and be as quick as possible. He ended up pausing though, right as he was about to shove the key into the lock.
As soon as the other man had left, Sherlock’s attitude completely changed in the blink of an eye. A wild grin gripped his face and he twirled his body towards the kitchen, grabbing Mrs. Hudson for a quick moment and twirling the older lady about in sudden enthusiasm. Leaving John sitting there like a lump on a log with absolutely no idea what was going on.
Sherlock gave a hissed growl, a sound that startled John with the animalistic quality the angered sound made. Twisting, he charged back out of the room and was enveloped into the dark of the building, leaving John and Soo Lin without as much as a look.
Glancing down the barrel he looked through the glass, Sherlock was standing still as the man seemed to be speaking to him, but then he went to unclasp whatever it was he was holding.
“Now that I have your attention…” Slowly she looked up from her gun, giving John a small smile. “I would
“Saying nasty things about your family now, was it?” John muttered sarcastically as he made his way into the kitchen, this situation was already way too far-gone for him to continue without tea in his system so that he could function.
Turning his head sharply around he found himself almost nose to nose with Sherlock, whom had leaned over into his personal space. John stared dumbly back at Sherlock’s lighter blue eyes before finally he leaned back into his own seat on the left side of the cab, giving a hard huff through his nose.
Sherlock paused at that, slowly his ears folded back against his skull to hide as he inspected John while he stood at the door.
Sherlock, whom while had many events in his life where he was yelled at for whatever reason, still did not react very well to the raised tone. One would think the Familiar would be used to it by this time in his life, but with a quick glare and a whip of his tail, Sherlock had already flung the gun’s direction back towards the wall.
“Great…” John sighed, letting his body slump back against the bed. Wincing when he realized that that too, was a horrible idea, and all he could do was simply groan his frustration to the white walls.
“Oh, nothing indiscreet I assure you.” A hand came up to lightly wave off the question as if it was of little importance. “Just tell me what he’s up to.” A sudden pause, and the man was turning his head towards the window as if he could see down to the street below from this angle, which was rather impossible, attempting to show what John could easily recognize as mock concern. “I worry about him. Constantly.”
Instead, Sarah simply slowly slid down the wall, hand still covering her mouth, till she was haphazardly sprawled in a sitting position. Only then did she begin to wail and sob against her own attempt to stay quiet.
Eventually, Sherlock closed the laptop after he had found what he was looking for. He wasn't sure how much time had passed, but on looking up he found that John was barely holding onto the cup of tea he had made earlier. The cup was balanced on both knees between his hands, while John was leaning forwards and had closed his eyes. Looking down, Sherlock finally noticed the tea that John had made him earlier, still sitting within easy reaching distance, and had long gone cold. Maybe it had been hours ago, Sherlock didn't know.
That was how John found himself suddenly being led into a impressive building named Shad Sanderson Bank. Sherlock had already made his way through the revolving door and John had barely enough time to step onto the escalator with him. At first, he had been looking around the insides of the impressive building, but now was noticing how Sherlock had thrust his hands into his coat pockets and was rapidly grazing areas of the building over with flickering blue glances. He looked almost, uncomfortable. Both ears kept firmly out of sight, per the usual, including the tail.
After a few minutes of shuffling around inside the bag, he found it. Drawing up his prize in front of his face, a pair of dog tags dangled from his fingers. Blinking he brought them closer to his face to twist and turn them in the light with a scattering of dust particles.
Slamming the door back open, John was left with the sight he already knew that was coming. It didn't keep him from letting out a groan of despair and leaning his body weight against the frame of the door. Head bowed as she squinted his eyes shut at the scene, willing it to be anything different than what it was.
Here’s his chance, Sherlock gave his best I-can-solve-this-problem smile and flung his fingers out towards their kitchen.
Quirking a brow, John applied the second spoonful. He wasn't the type of man that should be judging anyone on how they took their tea.
“You have an intermittent tremor in your left hand. Your therapist thinks it’s post-traumatic stress disorder. She thinks you’re haunted by memories of your military service and you should fire her. She’s got it the wrong way round. You’re under stress right now and I am sure your hand is perfectly steady under that covering of leather.”
” John snarled after her, without even realizing it. Causing the helpless Mrs. Hudson to twist back around towards him in shock with a hand raised to her chest and mouth open.
"So do I," said Gandalf, "and so do all who live to see such times. But that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.”
“Bit of trouble too, I bet?” One brow quirked above the other, and John could swear that Sherlock was just barely ghosting a grin.
“Boys! The neighbors outside are saying they heard gunshots earlier! I was out! Is everything…..” She had paused on throwing open the door, to stare between both Sherlock and John as if a deer caught in headlights. Though, with a second look at Sherlock, even she had to throw a hand up to her mouth with a near-silent “Oh!”
It just so happened though, the website’s scrolling suddenly fell upon the words “Shifting” in bold lettering, above a section that John had not got the opportunity to read yet. Squinting slightly, John found himself leaning closer towards the laptop. Having no clue what Shifting actually was, and how it might have something to do with Sherlock.
...and he was already gone. Sighing, John rubbed a hand across his face before quickly snatching his coat and trying to catch up to the rapidly mood changing Familiar.
“But that's only at the surface, isn't it John? You were removed from the army, gunshot wound and all that nasty business. Most people wouldn't look further than that as the reason why you were brought home. But a gunshot wound is still a gunshot wound, and in the middle of warfare I bet you were not the only doctor around. If you were found still alive, there would have been some sort of backup. You could have been treated, you only got shot in the arm after all. Tremor or not, they need all they can get on site don't they? You would have found someway to stay.”
With only Mike’s laugh after the question, John opened one left eye and regarded him with a brow raised above the other. Noticing his companion giving him a knowing grin, before receiving a brushing of knuckles at Mike’s playful shove in response to his questioning scrutiny of his expression.
Sherlock moved to dust away something from his shirt that was very obviously not there. Afterwards he turned to look back out the window, as if the conversation had suddenly turned boring once again.
John swallowed, before giving himself a mental shake. He needed to quit acting like he was suddenly a teenager again and all thoughts of touching another person was anything but normal. He was a doctor, damn it. Squaring his shoulders back, he lifted a still gloved hand to lightly trace his fingers through a few of Sherlock’s side curls where one would have normally found his human ears.
“I am calculating the amount of hair growth on the human skin after death, depending on the age and health of the deceased, and to see if the types of death would have any adding factors of change.”
Sherlock was strangely quiet through the cab ride home he had magically got for the two of them in a matter of minutes, and even took the time to actually pay the cabby before leaving the vehicle with John. Though he was just as quickly the first one inside and upstairs, leaving John to follow the longer legged Familiar up the stairs to their flat.
John was really not in the mood to converse about ‘old times’, but he was also polite enough to at least grasp the hand that Mike struck out in his direction, giving it a firm shake.
A gunshot was nothing compared to the sound that suddenly drove into Sherlock’s ears like nails driven through his own skull with the speed that seemed to rival light itself.
The man was tall, not that John wasn't normally used to that, and stood by the window looking down at the street below. What light that could be gained from the street lights at this upwards angle threw glancing shadows across the tailored suit that snugly fit the taller man’s frame. Both hands perched atop a cane that held only a fraction of the man’s weight as he leaned slightly forwards, giving a tilt to his head to look past the wooden frame of the window itself. Once John had entered though, he slowly drew up to his full height, shoulders perched back once he had straightened.
Sherlock gave a pointed roll of his eyes at the very notion he was going to do something as mundane as shopping. It wasn't even as if he ate that much anyways.
Some time later, John was still cursing under his breath as he dragged himself and the shopping bags up the stairway by himself. At the top, he took a moment to straighten his back with a slight wince, before opening the door and struggling to get both himself and the bags through all in one go.
The man then turned and gave Mrs. Hudson a small nod of acknowledgement since he had ignored her up to this point, and on turning to look down at John he paused for a moment. Raising a brow above one of those yellow slit orbs for just the mere second before giving him a similar nod and turning to head back out the door with little else said about Sherlock’s current new company.
“Today just keeps getting better, and better…” Sherlock muttered darkly before turning away from his brother and head over to his couch, only to pause and glare down at Lestrade. “Off.”
“Going to try to make the head talk by pushing air up through its neck and moving the tongue around?” John mentioned, offhandedly. Withholding the sigh he wanted to emit, because by this point one must press on into the eye of the storm, he thought.
“Of course, John.” Sherlock replied, before slipping back down onto the couch on his back, ears laying back against the cushioned seat as he got comfortable again, tail curling about mildly at the tip, an inch above the floor.
The map on Sherlock’s laptop had said the phone was here, and that meant that Sherlock had to be here somewhere. He hadn't had much of a choice though, and had been forced to finally make a decision. Time was not a factor that he had in his favor.
On obtaining the letter opener from John, Sherlock swiftly sliced through the top portion of the paper material, and before Lestrade or John could warn him further, emptied the contents into his palm.
The man paused with his hand on the door’s handle, twisting his head about to look at John as if he had asked the most simple minded question in the universe. Slowly, he withdrew his hand and stepped closer, a little too close even for John’s usual comfort. Which was running on empty.
.” Mycroft finally glared over to his brother Familiar, his patience slowly growing thinner by the minute. But, that wasn't very unusual when dealing with the Familiar in question.
” John held in a small gasp between the shocked tone, looking between the other two men in the room as if he were just noticing the small features that would label them as such. Sherlock let out a soft despairing sigh.
“Oh, Sherlock!” Suddenly exclaimed Mrs. Hudson from behind him, looking oddly at the rear-end of his gown, her face having gone slightly red from laughing.
“Probably reading more drivel about Familiars from Non-Familiars that have absolutely no idea what they are talking about.” Sherlock droned in answer for John.
have started, and instead he was pulling himself up from the bed, grabbing a change of clothes, and heading out to the small hallway that connected his room to the stairwell. There was really no need to be quiet now anyways, so when John stepped into the empty living room, he turned his head down the hallway that connected to the kitchen.
The older gentleman raised a brow with an almost primal smirk, the cabby Familiar whom Sherlock had found to be named Jeff Hope slowly slid the two bottles in his direction.
With a stretch and a few pops of his back he felt the contents of his other pocket press against his leg, and he instinctively reached down to rid himself of them so he could get more comfortable. But on taking out his cellphone he paused in the movement to put it on the table next to him.
Sherlock didn't give whomever was inside a chance to answer, and simply opened the door and headed inside, leaving a slightly unnerved John in the hallway.
“---But, my presence here is more of the business sort.” Mycroft continued, ignoring his younger brother’s antics. Lifting one arm to give a small shrug, before giving John a small smile, condescendingly
If John had paused to think about this, that little comparison would have been more-so correct than even he would have acknowledged to himself.
’s to end it. Sherlock slowly pulled his bow away and let it droop at his side as he continued to regard John, and the two of them ended up just watching the other as the minutes slipped by, as if the music hadn't already faded from the room.
“What are we, twelve? Fine, I promise!” John crossed his arms over his chest and glared in defiance.
Soon as he was gone, Mrs. Hudson was looking back to John’s slightly wide eyed look with a comforting fond one of her’s. Giving a slight tilt to her head and letting out a content sigh.
With a sigh, and most importantly, without tea, John made his way over to his chair and flopped into it in very much the same manner as his currently frustrating friend normally did with his own couch.
brilliant, Sherlock!” John hissed now, giving his flatmate’s arm a small shake. “How am I supposed to have a proper date with you hanging around?!”
John ended up blinking slightly, but with a small cough he nodded his head towards Sherlock and stretched out a gloved hand in his direction, doing his damnedest to avoid looking at the top of his head to wonder where the ears were currently hiding.
Turning back around he noticed the newspaper she had been holding, reaching to the table he grabbed it to find the article she had been mentioning to Sherlock. Tilting his head as he flipped through till finally stopping on a picture that obviously held the appearance of the man who had been in the flat prior with news for Sherlock. Looking at it closely he then took the time to browse down through the article itself, catching the name of D.I. Lestrade.
“Let’s go home, John.” Sherlock softly mentioned, with another soft pressure given to John’s back.”There is nothing else we need to be doing here.”
John blinked, twisting his body about to look at where the Familiar had indicated, and there on the table was a wallet. Walking into the room he picked it up, giving it a once over as he twisted the leather in his fingers, before looking back at his flatmate with a curious glance.
John felt his face heat up at the sound, only to force himself to cough before he looked back at the Familiar. Both ears had swiveled partially backwards on Sherlock’s exposed curls where his head rested on the armrest of the couch, figuring that he could tell where John easily was by sound alone. The thought didn't make him feel any better about his mild singing. At least he hadn't went along with today’s earlier plan with the door open!
, he was about to slam open his door to give John the chance to be quiet once he realized Sherlock was actually in the flat. The slightly graveled voice under the shower spray was continuing, though. Sherlock wasn't sure why, but he grabbed his door right as it was about to slam into the wall, keeping himself quiet, listening.
“Hm?” John darted his head back around to Sherlock’s direction to find the younger man had actually stopped and turned to look directly at him. He also paused, blinking in what he hoped was an innocent manner. “Yeah? Yeah. Had to have been. Bullet proof, right?”
Giving a tired shake of his head, John was careful to use his left gloved hand to reach towards his waist and under the current jumper he was wearing where he had slipped his gun. Pulling it out, he simply pulled open the small drawer connected to his bedside table with his ungloved hand, to place the weapon carefully inside and re-close it, making sure not to actually touch the weapon itself was his exposed skin. He was just much too tired to place the gun back into his normal desk at this time.
Oddly enough, John observed, Sherlock was doing very little to argue this man’s audacity. Confused, he looked over to his flatmate and found that Sherlock seemed to not even be paying attention. The Familiar was currently looking towards the floor, and partially to the side of the room, as if he was having little to do with the conversation. Something about this, along with Sebastian’s better-than-thou attitude, was doing little to keep John’s usual anger in check. Sherlock should have been cutting into this annoying little wanker with his brilliancy by now.
“Hm.” Rising back to his usual arrogant stature he motioned towards the hallway with a flippant twist of his hand.. “Home?”
They had went to Scotland Yard of course, but John was too lost in his own thoughts to give any other brain processes access to his current location. It didn't happen to be the yard anymore, but St. Bartholomew's Hospital where Sherlock was taking a look at the bodies in the morgue. John had had enough of bodies for this evening, so instead, he was sitting by himself in a chair he’d found out in the hallway.
“Sorry! I'm...I'm sorry. So sorry.” John quickly attempted to recover himself. He hadn't actually meant to yell at her, and he knew it was mostly due to the stress he felt from being out of the loop, but he truly didn't mean it. He let his head droop slightly while giving her what his sister often described as the puppy-dog eyes. They usually worked in moments like these. “Its just this bloody leg…”
“Well, you don't know anything about me. I don't know anything about you, I don't know where we are meeting and I don't even know your name.” Prompted John finally after getting absolutely no help from Mike.
Fine then. It wasn't as if John H. Watson hadn't ever had to wank off silently. Thank you for that too, army.
liar, doc.” David simply laughed, which again ended up simply causing him to cough while his eyes rolled about in their sockets. He was having trouble keeping focused. “John, you need to…”
John seriously needed a breather. Not that all the running around, dealing with the police, Sherlock, dead bodies, and what-not wasn't exciting in its own rather morbid fashion. John was still a creature of habit from time to time and not having the slightest bit of normalcy to ground oneself to was slightly nerve wracking.
had he got himself into?! First, he had been brought to a crime scene, an actual crime scene, dead body and all. Then, Sherlock had apparently got the idea that the suicides were anything but actual suicides and suddenly they were in the middle of a murder investigation. John was just a doctor! Regardless of the fact that Sherlock had asked his opinion of the dead woman, and yes John had actually been able to give information that was correct, Sherlock had still been there to give the conclusion that the woman had not killed herself. Well, not really. John had just been there to prove a point.
“Um…” Concade took another pause to swallow nervously. “Anyways, what I can do is explain exactly why you needed to be moved. Though I think it would be better for me to show you, first.”
For those of you whom have read this far, I at least should be telling you thank you. Ive had these chapters written up for awhile now, and was honestly worried about posting them publicly. For the chosen few Ive allowed to read these, they told me they really seemed to enjoy the story so far, and I have been fighting back my worry on actually releasing it completely to the public.
“Hm…” John merely replied, dipping his head forwards towards his cup held in two hands, peering down into the dark liquid as if it was going to tell him all the answers instead.
Before the conversation could turn to nowhere that John actually wanted it to go, Mrs Hudson was fluttering back into the living room while holding a newspaper and giving it a rather scrutinizing look.
“Yesterday,” The man repeated. “And yet, you are already moving in with him and solving crimes together.” Suddenly leaning closer, the man hovered over John’s small stature and gave him another one of those smirks that John was debating wiping off the man’s face, personally. “Might we expect a
“But, you would not be here if that were the case.” John answered in third, peering back up to the older brother.
With a quiet grunt of discomfort he sat up, reaching down to untwist his bed covers from his legs, and swung both around to the floor at his side. Instinctively reaching down to his right knee and giving the appendage a small squeeze with a wince. He had been told that the pain he was feeling in his leg was nothing but a figment of his imagination, or more or less had been told that in far kinder words. John was a realist if anything though, and imaginary or not, his bum leg was still causing him pain.
John growled under his breath in a similar manner that a certain Familiar had done just moments go himself. Looking down to the few groceries he had attempted to pick up, John eventually caught the gaze of the people behind him in line. He was currently not getting any friendly looks. Giving a slightly nervous chuckle at the people behind him, he quickly tried scanning the item again.
Sherlock was currently in his room, having switched out to his favorite light blue dressing gown and little else but a pair of cloth pants to go with it. He would have normally still been in the living room, though with the closing of the case he figured he might as well attempt to catch a little sleep. He never slept while on cases, and he wanted to be fully awake whenever the next one arose, so now was the best time to catch up on that bodily flaw.
His supposed new flatmate grinned at that, leaning down just barely to look at John from a closer perspective, and responded in a breathy tone.
Thankfully, John was spared any further interest from their cab driver that had gone back to driving, but Sherlock was quickly ignoring John’s protest to his accidental racial slur. He hadn't meant it to sound like that at all! Sighing, he looked down to his cane that he had perched near his right knee when he had got into the cab before. He was really going to have to watch what he said from now on.
“You idiots will never solve anything at this rate.” Sherlock snarled, and leaned forwards in a fell swoop to snatch the folder from John’s hands, and just as quickly hid himself behind it while quickly flipping through it’s contents.
“Our security cameras monitor every single door in this entire building. If something opens, it would have been recorded. A closet, a bathroom door, anything. Nothing got opened last night.”
“Oh! I wasn’t. I mean…” Stumbled John at having been caught. The last thing John needed was another Familiar that thought he was racist.
“When you were brought to our location,” Concade continued after writing. “We had to do our best to deal with your situation without bringing further complications to your position. We even had to find a non-metal needle to get that in.” He pointed with his pen to the IV line that was coming out of John’s right arm. “Our facility is normally prepared for the differing situations with patients of the magical persuasive, but even yours was a more complicated case.”
.” Sherlock hissed between his teeth, he had already hailed a taxi with whatever magical charm that John only wish worked for him as well, motioning John inside. “Hardly worth it.”
But, Sherlock had not seemed to care. Flipping it open he took a minute to make his way into the messages that had been sent to see what the tall gentleman had been doing.
Normally, Sherlock, would have already been pressuring for the two of them to get up and start the day, specially with a case still left unfinished, but with a flick of his tail he turned back to the window. Giving the pane a thoughtful look he let the bow he still held softly tap against his leg.
“What about you though?” Mike leaned forwards and gave John a sideways questioning glance. “Are you staying in town, then? Just until you get sorted?”
“So, how do you feel about the violin?” With coffee still in hand the taller gentleman turned back to John, seeming to look down at him with the curious gaze he had held before their interruption, and waited for a answer. John had been watching Molly leave, but now he found himself the center of attention.
“I thought that was you, John Watson.” Mike was pulling himself up from a bench and heading in his direction with a welcoming smile of remembrance. “We were at Bart’s together, remember?”
As he twisted his over-loaded frame into the kitchen, he found that Sherlock had finally decided to move for the day, get dressed, and was currently tapping onto a laptop that looked…
Slowly, the bow moved, and the tone was drawn out once again into the air around them. Yes, John knew this one. Embarrassingly he knew it, but it was a little too late to say no now. Taking a breath, John closed his eyes, and tried to pretend that he did not have an audience. It was just like any other time that he sang to himself, alone, where no one else could hear him.
” The man emphasized the word in a surprised tone, turning to John, sticking out his hand for a more formal shake. John decided to give the weasley looking fellow a rather stronger shake, an extra squeeze in slight intimidation, causing Sebastian’s brow to raise slightly at the firmer touch.
“Not in a police car. I’ll be along shortly.” Sherlock muttered darkly at him, ears flat and erased from existence once more.
“Why does everyone think me and him...and...ugh.” John shook his head swiftly while leaning the broom against the wall and making his way back over to his chair, which he took a moment to sweep over with his hand just incase he had missed any glass from having set it upright before. Afterwards, he flopped down into it with a gruff sigh.
John sighed and gave a small shake of his head while Sherlock stamped his way back to the couch. Before the Familiar had a chance to re-enter his sulk though, John made sure to at least give the conversation a second chance. He was interested after all.
“I’m not Sherlock Holmes.” John replied as he turned his full attention back to the woman standing near the fire as if the heat did little to bother her. He had to try to get this situation under control, for Sarah’s sake.
Before John could respond, the man that had still not given him his name turned and walked around John towards the door, lifting a hand to appear to close it, though instead reached behind it with the other to grab an umbrella that had been perched against the wall behind it. With a fluttered shake to the tool, the man then tapped it against the ground and now opened the door fully to step over the threshold. Only pausing to turn back once to look at John who had silently been watching.
John leaned forwards and tapped the cab driver’s shoulder to grab his attention, which merely caused the man to look back at John through his rear-view window. Quietly, he gave the man the address and then leaned back into his seat again, giving Sherlock a look to find the man having turned his head towards the window and seemed deep in thought.
“Please dear, its quite alright. I have a hip, you see.” She mentioned while placing her hand on the mentioned hip with a small wince. After, she turned and made her way back into the kitchen.
Sure enough, there was Sherlock. Now standing over a smaller man that John could barely make out. Sherlock’s frame on the other hand was more than obvious, and squinting John could make out the detective raising a hand upwards to hold something into the light of the room, which flickered off it briefly.
“Anyways, we are going to have to keep you a bit longer.” Concade was simply moving on from his question, and John was quick to pick up on this. “You are now healing nicely, but with the added...
“I thought you said you never guess.” John mentioned but then had a sudden...urge? Thought? He wasn't sure. Slowly, John scooted around where he could reach inside the cat door once more, holding his palm up and outstretched to where he hoped that Sherlock was actually at.
The problem was, Sherlock wasnt sleeping. After both a failed attempt on the couch, and now a failed attempt in his own bed, Sherlock decided that it was the conclusion of last night’s case events were the real reason he wasn't able to fall asleep. Sherlock knew he didn't fall asleep while on cases, and even though the case had been solved as far as the police were concerned, it still left too wide a hole for this detective to truly move on from and call closed entirely.
Blinking, Sherlock jerked his head away from John’s gaze and found Lestrade standing with hands on his hips and giving him a rather pointedly narrowed gaze. Quickly he looked to the side and away from the questioning look before suddenly jumping to his feet and throwing off the abysmal blanket in Lestrade’s direction for him to catch and nearly stumble backwards from the abrupt change in position.
Here was where he normally excelled, but today was not turning into one of those good days where everybody went back to camp with hardy back slaps and laughter about a job well done. Instead he found himself crouched under a sand dune with a bleeding soldier that John already knew was way too far gone to be saved today. He wasn't about to tell him that though.
Sherlock was currently busy picking at the orange cloth covering his shoulders with lithe digits as if the material was offensive, he was very knowledgeable about how orange was just
Once had made it back down to the cab that was still waiting for him, he might have slammed the cab door a little too hard as it made Sherlock actually look up from his cell phone once he entered the vehicle. John wasn't sure if anything else would have caught the detective's attention otherwise.
“Well, it is a nice spot. Expensive though.” John clumsily responded to the questioning gaze he got.
The intuitive mind is a sacred gift. We have created a society that honours the servant and has forgotten the gift. - Albert Einstein
“I deduce, that when you got shot, you were shot by an enemy Familiar. That would be a conclusive reason to your uneasy stature around Familiars, and would also be a proper explanation in you feeling suddenly guilty at the personal revelation, but maybe not this guilty, no.” Sherlock paused.
The doctor had got a nurse who checked on them shortly after to find him a chair, from which John noticed that the man had did his best to keep to low hushed tones in his request so that John wouldn't completely hear the conversation, but he did notice that the chair that was brought in was unlike a normal sitting chair that should have already been located in his room. This one appeared to simply be plastic one, more suitable on someone’s back porch than a hospital. This, Concade sat next to the bed and then took his seat to look at John.
Flipping himself back over with a thump against the bed, John already had one hand draped over the end of the bed and was grabbing for a very certain box that he knew he always had handy just for these certain situations that
Sherlock was lying on his back, blinking up at the ceiling with little emotion, without very much other movement to be had. Shock, would have been a slight term to describe the view.
“Please tell me you haven’t murdered someone, Sherlock.” John was actually starting to look concerned now.
With that said, and a small groan to follow, Sherlock flopped to his couch. Looking as if all the world were out to bore him to tears. Hell to pay if anyone tried to tell him it wasn't.
John continued to hold out the phone, suddenly feeling more exposed with his cane to his left side mostly holding his weight, he didn't feel like indulging in the few hops he’d have to take to actually place the device in the other man’s hand. Luckily enough though, the man decided to shift off of his stool with a patting down of his large coat before stepping to John and taking the outstretched phone to quickly flip open the top and start clicking while turning away.
“I’ll just take that…” John lightly muttered before snatching the offered check from Sebastian’s hand while he was still attempting to get over the startle. He left him in the office as he turned to look for Sherlock, finding the detective randomly moving from desk to desk in the trade room behind him, always looking back to the office he had been in before.
He had partially seen the kitchen before, but now that he had the task of somehow coming up with food for himself, and more importantly the tea, he felt rather lost. To say the room was a mess, would have been like calling a garbage bin a suitable place to store food. There were beakers and glass tubes of different sizes and sorts across the kitchen table, either filled or not. He wasn't quite sure what was in the sink along with the dishes that he figured Mrs Hudson had put there the day before.
Flinging himself onto his couch, Sherlock only made it back to his earlier position just in time for John to open their flat’s door. He was already calling it their flat, wasn't he just thinking earlier that this was his flat? The thought was perfectly timed to keep him in a thinking position on the couch as John slung his coat back on the rack, only to look over to Sherlock’s stretched out form.
“Lets meet there tomorrow at seven...Oh!” The man quickly re-pocketed his cellphone and made his way around John to the door. “Gotta run, I think I left my riding crop in the mortuary.”
“Just this once, I am not your housekeeper either!” Came the upraised tone from the kitchen, making John smile in spite of himself.
John wasn't a great singer, he knew this. He’d been told many times by several girlfriends in the past that he’d ending up trusting enough to have not thought about it at the time. It’d kept him from singing in front of anyone else for many years. For some reason, now he was carefully letting the lower tones of his voice fold over the words he could hear in his head that followed along with Sherlock’s music.
“Why not?” Sherlock gave John the most interesting grin he could come up with, giving a slight wave to his hand as to indicate the aloofness he was portraying with the conversation. “Or you could just take her to the cinema, out to dinner, all that rubbish. Dull
“How about I be the judge of that. Shall we?” Sherlock was already turning back to the window, facing away from John, and was silently standing with his bow still in position. Waiting, John realized.
“Find anything interesting?” Sherlock mentioned without turning to look at him, though the ears had definitely twisted about in his direction. That was something that John was seriously going to have to get used to.
Grabbing the mugs, John stepped out to the living room and placed Sherlock’s tea on the table close enough for him to grab it if he wished, and took his own place in the chair he had sat in the day before. Shifting his body against the union pillow to get comfortable before swirling around his own tea to strengthen it and taking a sip. The day was looking better with the warmth and caffeine added to it.
John noticed that Sherlock was giving him one of those very rare smiles suddenly, before giving another dismissible wave of his hand in John’s direction.
“Dare it be me that attempts to prove you wrong. But yes, I have a date, tonight actually.” John grinned over at his flatmate in what he figured was his own show-off moment.
That was exactly how John now found himself running down the corridor of the empty college, cane hobbled in one hand and pistol in the other. Both hands still gloved to keep him from shocking himself or exploding the weapon he had loaded and picked up before going after Sherlock. He had picked the weapon up from his bedsit on the way here.
“Even we can only handle so much that goes on, and besides, you did find the treasure did you not? I doubt that Van Coon’s P.A. would mind handing it over once she realizes how much of a crucial part of history it happens to be.”
“And what smell would that be?” Ignoring the fact that Sherlock had well, sort of said that he smelled alright.
Sherlock snapped his fingers to catch John’s attention again, causing him to startle slightly. On looking back at Sherlock, John noticed the Familiar’s eyes had grown slightly bigger, ears pulled forwards and cupped in his direction with little movement. His tail was softly thumping the edge of the couch. John was being studied.
” John hastily whispered as he got inside and scooted to the far end of the cab so that Sherlock could join him. Pulling his coat tighter around himself, Sherlock slid in beside him, simply giving John an almost playful roll of his eyes before looking forwards.
“Good!” The Familiar clapped his hands and suddenly thrust himself off the couch. Ears perking up atop his skull. “With that business settled, I’ve got a better idea to pass the time.”
“Well, it is a bit different from the last time I was…” But, John was struck mute mid-sentence by a slight glance from the laboratory’s other occupant. Sitting in a stool by one of the tables with a pipette in hand, was a tall gentleman with a mess of dark curls atop his head. It was the bare grace of the blue eyes that ended up with John pausing in mid shuffle as he stepped into the room, blinking. “...here.”
“Oh.” Well, he was correct after all. John leaned forwards slightly. “The ears thing? That is what you were offering?”
“Brave. Bravery is by far the kindest word for stupidity, don’t you think?” Finally the man moved a step towards him, causing John to grip tighter on his cane he had been given and keeping it between the two of them. This seemed to be completely unnoticed though, as those grey eyes tilted along with the man’s head as he gave John a more curious look. “What is your connection to Sherlock Holmes?”
Casually while he continued to peer at every angle of the envelop, Sherlock pointed towards their mantle. Turning his head, John noticed that the Familiar was pointing towards a letter opener. Sighing, he pulled himself out of his chair to fetch the instrument for Sherlock, while doing his best to ignore the small smirk that Lestrade had given him for following the silent order.
Just like that, they were left alone. Well, alone at a table just the two of them with the candle letting shivers of gold light sweep back and forth over the two of them as it quivered. John was looking back and forth across the table, realizing that just as if he were on a first date, he wasn't quite sure how to start a proper conversation between the two of them. Sherlock on the other hand was content to peer out the window.
“Er...I got mine?” He held out the device towards the un-named man’s direction, causing the fellow to finally look back up from his work with a slight tilt of his head that caused most of his dark strands to follow suit in the movement.
John didn't reply, simply watching Sherlock and waiting to see if the Detective could see through his ruse. Blast it, surely Sherlock could see a lie from a mile away. Eventually the blue gaze lowered to right pocket, curiously tilting his head as if he could study the hidden appendage that John still had out of sight.
Somewhere, far away from John and Sherlock’s cozy little flat, a small Chinese woman sat in front of a computer in the dark, the glow of the screen the only light source available within the small room.
“I can't really afford London on a army pension…” John muttered a reply, the laughter all but forgotten in the span of a question that only reminded him of life’s current events.
“Mine was in the bedroom.” Sherlock had already went back to typing, seeming to ignore John’s presence for the most part besides the half-muttered reply.
“See? Nothing. I conclude that your magical discharge-” John cringed at that. “-is directly tied into your emotions. Nothing new when it comes to magical skill. You know I will not hurt you, and you know you are not trying to hurt me. Thus, perfectly safe.”
“A friend?” A quiet chuckle. “How many friends do you believe that Sherlock has, Doctor Watson? I am the closest thing to a friend that Sherlock Holmes is capable of having.”
Inside was an older looking lady with a mop of silvery aged brown hair that was giving the both of them a wide grin upon realizing whom was at the door. She nodded to John before looking to Sherlock as she back-stepped to allow them room inside.
“I can also tell you about your military career with your one leg, face, and hands. Also, your brother’s drinking habits with your phone.” Challenge accepted.
Sherlock couldn't help from lightly tapping the table with his fingers, looking down at the appendage as if it were betraying him.
“...intellect.” John finished his sentence flatly, before rolling off the Familiar and moving to stand. After, he turned to offer Sherlock his hand, only to find the that he was still lying across the floor and breathing rather heavily and holding one hand behind his back.
Sherlock had indeed removed his clothes, and they were neatly placed folded on the end of the couch. In the middle of the couch though, was something that John had not been expecting at all.
“But I ain't about to step into someone else’s territory if you get my meaning.” Lestrade gave a small jerk of his head into hallway’s direction where Sherlock’s room was located.
It really should have been John’s first hint. Instead, John totally missed it, to Sherlock’s inner delight.
John, could barely stand to watch the confrontation. Instead, he was glancing over to the side where Sarah had been taken by the other officers on the scene. She was leaning against a patrol car, orange shock blanket wrapped around her, appearing to be quietly answering questions being given to her by one of Lestrade’s men. John took mental note that he was really going to have to try explaining the situation better to her later, if she even let him. He did actually need that clinic job, regardless of the possible relationship that he knew he was no way in hell getting now.
Regardless that he did not have anywhere he had to be the next morning, John still woke up fairly early for most people. Something else he could easily blame the army for, and with a stretch across his bed he also blamed the army for having fallen asleep without removing most of his clothes. At least he had got his shoes off before passing out.
“You're going to keep me here to study me.” John stated to this, and even as strong willed as he was, he couldn't help the slight tremor that crept into his tone.
“Me and Sherlock knew one another at Uni, John, did you know?” Turning his attention towards John. “He had this little
Without realizing it, he was already leaning forwards and letting his fingers drift over the small muscles, up and down, tracing one of Sherlock’s ears as he went. It was amazing really how they had evolved. He suspected that Sherlock’s ear canal was actually more atop his head, rather than situated on the side where it should have been. All this no one would be able to tell without this close of a look, everything below the curls that were actually attached to the ears was coated in that soft looking black fur, more of a fuzz really the lower John went towards Sherlock’s neck. John ended up wishing he could take off his gloves to see how soft it was.
. John got the feeling that whomever Mycroft had hired to move his things had not been very secretive about looking through his belongings. It was one thing about getting off with an open doorway, someone going through his
I don't have any excuses, not really. But, long story short...I got a new job two years ago. A *real* job, in my personal opinion. And I have had to work my absolute butt off to make sure everything was perfect for that. And I spent a lot of my time mostly just stressing about that. But I always had this story in the back of my mind.
John ended up blinking, again, to his frustration. Looking down to his leg he shuffled it closer to his body with a shift of his cane, attempting to come up with a proper reply to the man’s description. His quite amazingly accurate, description.
“Okay. Honestly, Sherlock. I really am sorry. I promised not to laugh, and I did. That is entirely my fault…”
Pausing, he looked around the room. It already seemed stock full of both opened and unopened boxes, with different possessions scrambled about as if their owner was merely attempting to fill the room as quickly as possible with little regard to where different objects should be placed. Sherlock was currently standing somewhere in the middle between two chairs, hovering over a small table with his hands on his hips, and suddenly those two ears that John had seen before were perched high atop his head while he gave the sight of the cluttered room a rather pleased look.
“John, I…” David was interrupted with another round of coughing that splattered both more blood on himself and John who hovered over him, desperately trying to cover the bullet wound that had went straight through the other man’s stomach. There was just too much blood, and John had already went through most of what medical supplies he could keep on hand. He barely heard the bullets whizzing over both their heads as he could do little else but look down at his wounded charge.
“But you couldn't bare to be anywhere else.” John did his best not to wince at Mike’s statement. “Least, not the John Watson I know.”
The door banged against the wall and John was left looking at the most well dressed thief he’d ever seen.
Opening the side drawer, he very carefully reached in with his right hand to grab his laptop, the gloves keeping him from wiping the entire thing clean with an efficient shock to the mostly metal device. As much as he hated the gloves, they did serve an important purpose right now. It didn't keep John from giving another glare to the rubber in-lined material though.
John groaned as he yanked against the rope, feeling the still semi-taunt material scrape across the skin of his wrist, where it ended up yanking against the edge of his glove. John did not have the time to think about exactly how perfect that detail had ended up being, for when he did have that last bit of strength he was more interested in saving Sherlock from whatever fate the other man had in store for him.
Only then did John notice exactly why Sherlock had been stalling. The turning motion that was produced to send him into the living room gave John a full broad on look as a long black tail was uncoiled from Sherlock’s waist, flinging out in furry ‘tuffed glory as it also seemed to need a stretch. John was left wide eyed, even as Sherlock moved out of view once he had flopped onto the couch. Well, almost out of view. That tail draped over the back end of the couch, the tip twitching back and forth.
“This!” Sherlock wildly gestured towards their broken window. “Five pips. They’re warning us it’s going to happen again. Some societies use seeds, some orange pips, to give a warning towards whomever they were sending them to.”
But...I had put so much thought into my own versions of these characters. And every time I would suddenly see a kudo in my email I was reminded that there was still someone out there that was reading this. And I HATED the thought of leaving it behind.
A coughed giggle through clenched teeth was all he got at first. The other Familiar was quickly dying, the still smoking hole in his chest leaving burned scorch marks into the surrounding flesh where the cloth covering it had burned back on impact. Jeff Hope’s eyes had rolled back into his head, his cap having been lost in the attack to let the black streaks from his eyes slide all the way back through his white hair in the obvious marks of his other form. A hiss through his teeth was the last breath he got to take before he made his exit off his own mortal coil’s stage.
. Though, on actually looking at the appendage itself, it brought the entire night back into the foremost quarter of John’s thoughts.
Turning to his taller flatmate, John regarded Sherlock with a confused air. Not that he had been scared of the more powerful man, for in any other aspect John would have left full knowing he had killed a man in cold blood, defense or not. But there was the fact that this Familiar was more than keen to stand up against his own family in regards to his welfare, despite what occurrences may happen under Mycroft’s influence.
“If you behave, I’ll use local before I go fishing for whatever bit of shrapnel is stuck in your shoulder. Shirt off. Let’s have a look.”
“Not everyone has the same fantasies as you, Bird.” Nick smacked the top of her helmet as he passed. “Now, Paddy, why a daisy-chain?”
The buzzing recommenced and Greg crossed his arms. “Oi, insulting my vocabulary won’t make you any less cross for not knowing everything that’s going on at every second. Don’t be a tit; answer your phone.”
Nick swept a hand behind them, “And that’s a lot of shrubs and dirt. Variety is the spice of life, Gee.”
John let out a semi hysterical laugh. “Unconventional. Christ. There’s no way we can… There’s not enough time to redo… Oh God. I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean…”
“Nutsack?” Sherlock’s face twisted in disapproval. “Ah, Nuttall, of course. Weapons intelligence, isn’t it?”
“Right, gentlemen, if you’ll excuse me. Due to an unforeseen difference in jargon, we’ve received an unfortunate number of reporters into Bastion.” Smith paused and sighed. “You know how it is.” He gave a nod. “Gentlemen. Carry on.” And he was gone.
“As much as I love having my balls raked over hot coals, I still put on my blast pants every morning.” Nick heaved another sigh. “Alright, Nutsack. Let’s see this oddity of yours.”
“Nope,” John turned his head to frown at the project again. “So… That was unlucky. And then, you know, it’s treatable. And most people just feel sick on the meds, have some nightmares on the fucking stuff. But if you’re really special. Just so incredibly unlucky…”
“Look, Sir. I… It’s going to sound crazy.” Erikson gave him a pleading look. “I’m going to sound crazy.”
“And you,” he rounded on Lestrade. “I can’t decide which is more pathetic, your bumbling career or shambles of a personal life.”
Sherlock sat with his index fingers pressed together against the bow of his mouth, staring, rather unseeingly, out at the yard in front of the DFAC. Most people would think he was lost in thought; Sherlock was never
The distance and the drinking was too much for Sherlock to bear. John had become so cautious that the incidental touches that had characterised so much of their time together, Before and After, even in evidence during Sherlock's recovery the previous autumn, were gone. It had not escaped the notice of anyone who knew John well enough that he bristled and drew away from the merest brush. He covered it well and was never unkind but he had all but withdrawn from physical contact except when supplying medical help or assisting in restraining a criminal. To the extent that even Mrs Hudson no longer was free to hug, kiss and chide as she had once been.
Or that he was working through a particularly hard problem; while that would be closer to the truth, he was, in fact, working through a large number of problems simultaneously. That he had learned to tune out the drone of, well, everything going on around him just helped the more unobservant along in their incorrect thinking. Of course, the obvious exception to the rule, as usual, was John Watson.
And yet, he would throw himself into a war zone simply because Sherlock had asked him to. Return to a goliath of a machine that had chewed him up and spit him out, and fling himself between anyone and danger without batting an eye.
Towerblock rolled his eyes and hopped out of the mastiff, dragging a large bag of gear with him. “Anyway, good spot, Bird.”
“He really wanted to create chaos. In my experience, people only do that when they still feel strong emotions. That wasn’t a mutual break up. And he cannot care at all about this new person he’s seeing. Unless he’s also seeing another one of your ex’s…”
An office worker, burdened with a large tea service passed behind her and placed the tray carefully on the edge of the desk before leaving silently. She nodded at the pot before taking it upon herself to pour the cups.
He looked up and pressed his lips together in something bordering a smile. “Quite. If you could move my four o’clock an hour earlier, I expect it will take longer than the two hours and I would rather not be late for the dinner this evening. I will be getting an earful enough without being late.”
“You missed the medic afterwards.” He mimed poking Bird in the sternum. “Does that hurt? Does that hurt? Yeah, thought so. Stupid plonker.”
Mag Aoidh made a looping gesture with one hand. “The one goes off and it sets off the next and the next. Dominos.”
“Ah! Major!” Mac dropped the front end of the walls and snapped to attention, ignoring the way the back end slipped from Rocket’s hands and he yelped as it landed soundly on his foot. “Aye dinnae think ye were here.”
“Christ, Sherlock!” John released his arms and took a few quick paces back. “What the bloody hell are you doing?”
“Why are you so distracted, Mycroft?” Sherlock paused as if to listen. “You’re in a rush to get me off of the phone. Awfully quiet on your end. Not in the office today? I really hope you aren’t shirking duties simply because I’m not available to see you with your new swain.”
John’s smile was professionally cold. “Didn’t manage to lose him in the field today. I think I’m stuck with him.”
“Well I’m off,” Towerblock slipped out of his chair and disappeared before Sherlock could make his way to the small table.
Bird laughed. “You’re funny,” she gave him a fake smile. “And I’m not interested.” Then she side stepped him and strode away.
Sherlock tracked Nuttall as he paced out of the office. “So you have Weapons Intelligence working on this too.”
Sherlock sighed and flopped back down across John’s chest. “At some point, I did. I’m relatively certain.”
“Your mum is alive,” Bird scowled. “I’ve met her, remember? She’s lovely. Which was quite a surprise.”
“Then yours ought to be revoked, because you’ve just uttered what might be the absolute dumbest sentence I’ve ever heard.”
“Good morning, Sir.” She followed him into the office, heels tapping lightly on the tiled floor. “Did you have a pleasant day off?”
“Right,” Nick ground out through gritted teeth. “Gee, you and I need to talk. Whenever you’re done… Getting… Stitched… Bloody hell, Gee, what did you even do?”
Mycroft frowned as his phone buzzed in his breast pocket. It was neither the time nor the place for calls. He really ought to finish reading this dossier. He really ought to have finished this prior to leaving the office. And he really ought to be better company this morning.
He looked. His face pinched. “So it’s a picture of the project. Well done. First class honors all around.”
“Course.” John smiled. The corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitched in amusement. “Fine, alright. Take me through what we have. I know you’re dying to.”
“Fine!” Nick snapped. “Bloody extortion!” he turned on his heel and stomped out of the med tent, straight across to the Det.
“No. No, no, no. Don’t be silly.” Mary waved a hand. “The chapel is here for everyone. Anything I can do for you?”
Sherlock pursed his lips. “And respecting you enough not to insult your intelligence, do you honestly think playing upon a secondary school acquaintance is sufficient for me to neglect your level of clearance?”
John would not be here. There would be no tea and bandages in the kitchen while John tended his wounds and tutted under his breath and called Sherlock a prat and an annoying dick and an idiot, all with that fondness he had had, that fondness that wrapped around Sherlock's heart like a blanket, that tenderness in John's voice Sherlock would give anything, anything at all, to hear just one more time.
“You were supposed to do it in greyscale, I was supposed to use the bold colors.” Sherlock eyed the project with detached curiosity. “And yet…”
John tilted his head to the side to acknowledge Sherlock’s approach, but didn’t move from his seat in the DFAC. “I thought you were still sleeping.”
"Case. Kidnapping. Victim's ex-boyfriend, found some unsavoury individuals to help him grab her from her house. Revenge of sorts. Lestrade was on the right lines for once, just didn't observe the obvious signs. As usual. I tracked the gang, well I say gang, it was really just three racists thugs and a clueless ex in way over his head. Anyway. I tracked them to some nearby garages, it was the dirt, there were traces of... Doesn't matter. My text had gone unread for at least five minutes, but fortunately it had only taken the officers another five or so to get to the garage where the victim had been held. She was shaken and terrified but thankfully unhurt. I didn't factor in the knives. Stupid, stupid. Stings a bit but it's fine. You... You would've been busy. Not to worry though, I'm still in one piece. You didn't need to come, certainly not at this time of night. It's a trek for you now, all the way to Westminster. So, it's all fine John, you can go home now, I can-"
“Oooooh,” Rocket flipped the structure upright and around the loo. “But now it looks like all the other ones.”
Before he could retreat, Sherlock exited the bedroom, wrapped in his customary sheet toga, though it bore more skin than the usual draping. He thrust a tee-shirt into Dr. Watson’s hands, rumbling something low that only the good doctor could hear. Something that brought the bright flush up the back of his neck as he scrambled to pull the shirt over his head and tried to pat his hair flat.
“Nick!” Bird snapped her mouth shut and gave him a long look. “Of course I have. We share a bunk. So we spend the nights plaiting each other’s hair and having pillow fights in our non-regulation lingerie.”
“Looks like you work well under him, Boss,” Bird rejoined the conversation on the coms with amusement.
“You were in Bastion. I can’t imagine you were bad at your job. In fact, I’d think you were getting a good deal of experience. So why here?”
“You trust that if you tear off on some case, I’ll have your back. And I do. You trust me to have a gun, or throw a good punch, or play foil to your wit. I do that every day, Sherlock. It’s what we do. But not here.”
Nick pressed his lips together firmly to avoid making a rude sound. Then he took a breath. “Listen, Mary, I would love to stand here. And talk. And…” He tilted his head and squinted as Mac and Rocket carefully placed a pristine looking porcelain toilet next to the couch in the Det. He shook his head. “My to do list is a growing compilation of apologies and medal write-ups. And I swear to God, if Gee is right one more fucking time…”
That was certainly his queue to leave. This was devolving into something disturbing. Mycroft tapped his umbrella on the floor with a single sharp snap. “And now, I may successfully maintain an adequate diet as I have completely lost my appetite. As it stands, Myanmar has finally elected a president with more wit than brawn, and I ought congratulate her.”
Sherlock worked to suppress a smile. “Probably more comfortable then than jump seats on a transport.”
She sucked in a breath through clenched teeth and tried to settle the shaking in her hand. “Feckin hell.”
“John,” Sherlock crouched on one knee. “Now you really are quite green. And if you keep doing that to your hair, you’ll look rather ginger. And conté is incredibly difficult to clean from hair as blond as yours.”
There was an oppressive silence. So much so, that Sherlock thought about sticking his head up for a peek… Thought about. And was instantly distracted by the memory of John pressing his lips to Sherlock’s forehead. John kissing his forehead. Kissing him.
“I have no idea where this is going. I don’t know much about what you do when you’re not here at Frost.”
“John,” Sherlock shook his head. “He bought a pack of color pastels and grey ones. He had to look at the colored ones through a filter to figure out which ones would match up so that you wouldn’t notice. He had to break into your locker in the studio to relabel them, which must have been at night, while you were sleeping. And he did it all in the past four days.”
“I… I was tired. It was… It was busy. I was working a lot. I was getting loads of experience. Then it just became this-this unrelenting tide of bodies. Cut this, sew that, hack that limb, this one won’t make it, oh look another and another and…” Gee shrugged her good shoulder. “I wasn’t seeing people anymore.”
“Well I’m probably not now!” John buried his face in his hands and instantly regretted it, wincing as he put too much pressure on his bruising cheekbone.
“Sir,” Towerblock was trying to be tactful. He was trying so very very hard to be tactful. “With all due respect, why do we always get landed with these babysitting jobs? We’ve better things to do with our time than minding a pair of PONTIs!”
Sherlock waved a hand dismissively. “The upgrade is fully installed. I simply release sections of it every day to appear productive.”
“Sir. Sorry, sir,” Mag Aoidh tugged her gear free of the mastiff. “But speaking of,” she turned towards Nick. “Med tent, now.”
“Could I convince you to see to the efficient operation of our peace-keeping missions in Afghanistan?”
“I heard you’d dropped off the face of the Earth,” Nick rambled on. “Or at least Sebastian surely wished you had.”
“Maybe, ya. Feels like everything is taking longer than usual. Longer to set cordon, longer to sweep and flag, longer to disarm… It all seems way more draining than before.”
“You’re always hungry.” Biffo shook the ladle at him. “And you’re always here. And I keep telling you, you eat when the food is ready, not before!”
“Of course, Sir.” Anthea nodded and resumed her constant occupation with her mobile. “Anything else?”
Gee shifted her sunglasses up onto her forehead and blinked at him. “You are standing between me and my coffee. Today is about to be more interesting than you’re physically able fer.”
Nick barked out a laugh. “Met him then? Fairly diplomatic of you. He’s been a disgrace of a human being since he was in short pants. And age didn’t deign to gift him with wisdom or charm.”
The moment Gee was freed of her burden; she dropped to her hands and knees and retched, heaving a deep breath of fresh air before grimacing and spitting out a mouthful of foul tasting bile.
Nuttall scowled and pressed past him to enter the CO’s office. “Are you serious? Nick, because if you are, this is a doozy of a problem.”
“Well, he has the odd idea that isn’t total shite.” Nuttall scrunched his face as he faced the DFAC. “Eating dinner, is he?”
“Oi!” He tried to look offended. “Now there’s less of me to love. Towerblock, I’m not really feeling this whole careful disarmament to preserve the gothic landscape nonsense today. What do you say we just blow it all the fuck up and go home?”
Gee turned to look as Mac shouted at Simon across the hundred yards or so, “Yer bum’s oot the windae ye fuckin’ bampot!”
“Doesn’t matter now, does it?” Simon asked bitterly. “She’ll get a medal for punching me in the face.”
Mycroft tucked his mobile back in his breast pocket and considered the burdensome tray clattering on the table in Mrs. Hudson’s wake. Ostensibly, she was just their landlord. In more practical terms, she was like their favorite grand aunt that doted and spoilt them with baked goods and attention, and had nothing even resembling a bark or bite. She’d scold them from time to time, but it held the same venom as a newborn kitten. She enjoyed their antics. Tolerated the noise and destruction. And tutted when things were not on the level. Handy having her phones tapped, though. It often allowed Mycroft the slightest peace of mind when he knew Dr. Watson would be overseeing the fallout of a particularly… destructive day. Then again, at her age, more excitement than necessary couldn’t be good for her. Mycroft cleared his throat lightly.
“Simon! Keep an eye on the cluster fuck out there! I swear to God if another arsehole shoots at me today, I’ll kill you with my bare hands!” Medhurst smacked the side of the mastiff. “Bird! Get me a bloody ETA on these Canteen clowns!”
Nick huffed. “If by ‘ok’ you mean, did a car explode at the cordon and come dangerously close to killing my men, then yes. It was very o-kay.”
“You were right… About the jilted ex… thing…” He waved a hand absently in the air as if it could qualify his statement.
Screwhole had been nearly at the DFAC when the first shot went off, and while he flinched and ducked for a moment, he shot up and dove towards the Padre. Mary made an odd whooping sound, but the two of them were back behind one of the permanent structures and clear of the mess.
“GEE!” Mag Aoidh startled, pushing up onto her forearms as Nick stormed into the med tent. “For fuck’s sake, Gee! Tell me you didn’t punch our lance corporal in the face!”
“Not to put too fine a point on it, Lieutenant Colonel, but you and your men are in a combat zone, are you not?”
“Captain,” he dismissed her with a tilt of his head, and she knew enough to make herself scarce. John crossed his arms and ran his eyes meticulously up the length of Sherlock’s body, finally coming to rest on his face. “Ok?”
“You can deep fry anything,” Rocket finished. John continued to chuckle. “Wait… Can you deep fry a grenade?”
“Kinky. I never knew that about you, Gee.” Nick smirked as he stripped his shirt and vest, flopping on the med table.
“Have you seen you?” John sucked in a breath and held it, willing the rest of his stupid words to stay inside.
“You can’t.” Sherlock’s grip tightened as he climbed onto the cot, framing John’s hips with his knees.
“What should we do to celebrate that? Drinks all around?” Simon sneered. “What’s the one where you mix an IPA with Guinness?”
John shook his head and pulled his palm back from his face. “Fucks sake. We’ve talked about this, Sherlock. You don’t lick the evidence.”
“And have you back in London, able to make these demands in person, all the sooner? How will I ever cope?”
“Then why do I have a classified request on my table that not only is above your clearance, but is outside the well-defined limits of our arrangement?”
The scuffle in the yard escalated from verbal to physical in a flash and Towerblock rolled his eyes. “Focking REME.”
That was also a mistake. Because directly in his line of sight was now the other room. Door closed. Door always closed. John felt his chest heave. I blinked at the glass in his hand, an odd floral pattern, and bile choked the back of his throat. How or when the glass left his hand, he didn’t really care. The shattering glass was a token satisfaction, but lacking. He watched the amber liquid trickle down the wall, soaking into carpet and linens, and glisten with all the glinting shards of glass. Good. It looked how he felt.
Curling tighter in on himself Sherlock came to a decision. No matter what, he wouldn't put his friend through any more pain and anguish. No more reminders of a life that could (should) have been. If it was distance that John required, Sherlock would honour the unspoken request. Regardless of what came up, he would take on his next case alone.
“Dominos? Yes, actually, Lansley, I do. A few of the twats I came across in Bagdad were fans of them.” She flattened her palms against the worktop, spreading her fingers out wide and bracing against her arms. “They’re really fecking efficient. Particularly in buildings.”
“Come on,” Bird muttered, tugging Gee’s arm and eliciting a yelp of pain, even as they managed to fine relative safety.
Gee shuffled and hissed, trying to edge further into the protection of the old structure around the edge of the DFAC.
Eyes widening and filthy grin spreading unbidden across her face, Martha chuckled as she closed her door and headed for her comfy bed. She rummaged through her bedside table for some ear plugs. No need to eavesdrop, really... She could make them blush in the morning. Just a little teasing. Serves them right for waiting so long.
“Ah, Lieutenant Colonel Smith.” Mycroft rose and extended his hand. The handshake was firm, but not overly so. No posturing, no show of force. Civil. Prompt. Military. Official. He gestured to the empty chair. “To what do I owe the pleasure?”
“He is a complete knob and I regret that there is even some semblance of commonality between us. Besides.” Nick glanced at someone over Sherlock’s shoulder. “I spend my time with better people now. Nutsack,” Nick stood and offered his hand.
But he desperately needed an answer and soon, so he picked up his laptop again and settled on the couch, typing "first year wedding anniversary tips" into google.
"Oh you goddamn miracle of a man!" John sighed as he slowly sank home, stretching Sherlock, filling him in all the right ways until he was balls deep inside his detective and sighed, reaching out to petting his hair before he grabbed and pulled on his curls once more.
"Isn't it always?" Mike said, and clapped him on the back "listen, you have fun and, remember" he patted the leaflets that were still in his pocket "stay safe!" "Oh FUCK OFF MIKE!" John roared
! And he went for it, climbed on Sherlock’s lap, cradled his face in both of his hands, looked him in the eyes and whispered, ghosting his breath over his lips
He took the tea out of Johns hands and sat down, not cross-legged as usual but with his knees drawn up to his chin, one arm around his legs and the other clutching his tea, staring into the fire.
Sherlock nodded, despite looking utterly debauched and frustrated and John waddled back to his bedroom, feeling incredibly uncomfortable with his erection tainting his jeans but feeling good nevertheless, knowing he had done the right thing.
Once he had his wash and laid back down in his old bed, he tried to will his mind to sleep but his thoughts kept going back to Mary, to her betrayal, her betrayals (because now he knew that the child wasn't his) and..and Sherlock, always Sherlock, the way he had looked at him and just said yes instead of deducing him and his sham of a marriage into pieces of shit, remembered his soft eyes that looked nearly..could it be?...hurt! back in the living room.
John just looked at him, truly looked him in the eyes and whatever he saw there made him grab his wrists and squeeze them, saying "Sherlock...this is..this is difficult for me. Oh and christ, I'm sure it'll be difficult for you, too, but I just have to...look" he coughed and looked away shortly, blushing.
John stared at the mail and at the link below the message, then read the last part again. And again. And then looked at Sherlock who seemed to have sobered up slightly but still had a wide and pretty smug smile on his face. “Sherkan?!” they both said in unison, and suddenly John broke out in laughter as well. Just when he had almost recovered, Sherlock made “rawr, I am Sherkan” and pretended his hands were claws and John lost it all over again. Firstly, because…WHAT EVEN?! And his face and..and then, because..wait?! Sherlock knew “the jungle book”? he blinked at him, cheeks hurting from laughter and Sherlock just sighed and said “Mummy thought it would make us more normal, yes, okay, so I grew up with Disney, any clever comme” but John was already laughing again, holding his stomach even while he was standing up to go and get the whole bottle of water because he had laughed so much he was pretty damn sure he could drink a whole river dry by now and Sherlock would also need more. They had both recovered a bit by now and took swigs out of the bottle in turns. Suddenly, Sherlock said “Now, what about that film?” John turned his head at him and ogled him, wide-eyed “sorry what?!” Sherlock pointed to the screen “well he told you to watch it and promised it would be funny” “Are you fucking serious?! It sounds absolutely ludicrous, it would probably give you an aneurysm, even in your current state!” “tsssssssssss” Sherlock waves his hand “naaaaaaa let´s just see…relax John, really, you should relax a bit sometimes”
So instead of answering he let himself fall forward again and snuggled up and into John, fitted his body into John’s curves, his mop of hair under his chin, his mouth near to his collarbone, breathing heavily, heart beating fast. He closed his eyes tightly, trying to get
"Yes, oh" John made and gave his husband another soft kiss on the temple "That is the day we first met and the day, and I haven't told you this before, the very day I fell in love with you. It only took me so much longer to actually figure that out. It is also the date you...you brought me back to life and that is..that is actually what this watch is all about. To ensure you, always, ALWAYS, even when I'm not around to assure you myself, that you did this, that you are such a great man, such a wonderful being, that you were able to save an injured soldier who was traumatised and didn't want to live anymore and YOU gave him a new life. The best life I could ever have imagined, in fact. And also, there's one other setting, since we were talking about Sussex.." and he reached over and pushed on another button and the digits disappeared, instead displaying a lying eight, the sign for eternity, under the words: "time to go".
They spent several minutes like this, John not trying anything, Sherlock not demanding more, just the two of them, affirming their love for each other. When they finally broke apart, Sherlock opened his eyes, looking dazed, happy, and whispered “John…I think you did it! He’s still there, somewhere, but whenever the thought of him, of
Sherlock left the room as quickly as possible, not wanting to let his half-hard dick ruining his meticulous plan.
"Pupils dilated but out of fear, not arousal, first time here, estimated age 27 and...hm, yes, aspiring Doctor" a deep voice suddenly purred into his right ear and he jumped
And Sherlock now lay on his belly, spreading John’s cheeks wider to see. And he was intoxicated, no, entranced as one finger disappeared into John’s body, then, very slowly, another one. His mouth hung open “Maybe…ah...another time love!” John said, enjoying to see Sherlock being completely at a loss as to what he was insinuating, so John chuckled while he worked himself and there was now a thin film of sweat on his forehead “agghhhh FUCK haven’t done this in ages!” he exclaimed and Sherlock suddenly held his wrist and stopped him from moving. “You...we don’t have to, please, John, I..” “No, not…I didn’t mean…just needs a bit of time to get used to - but GOD I want this, want you, want to feel you, feel all of you in me, I’ve wanted this for so long, I…aaaaaah FUCK YES there we go!” he shouted, his body arching up from the floor and Sherlock could feel his cock hardening so rapidly now, it was getting difficult to breathe. He couldn’t decide whether to watch John fucking himself on his fingers or whether to eye his leaking, flushed, beautiful cock that made him salivate in ways he had never experienced before and that he found very disturbing, if pleasing.
Everything he could do, he had done and now, he simply had to wait and waiting was very much not one of his strengths.
John turned around, surprised, and saw Sherlock smiling softly down on him, arm stretched out towards him, offering him a can of his favourite beer.
After what seemed like hours to Sherlock (delicious, precious hours, forever to be safely tucked away in his mind palace), John got up, got a wet flannel from the bathroom and cleaned both of them up carefully, then kissed Sherlock again, sweetly, chastely and whispered “Are you okay? Was that okay?”
John moaned helplessly and tried to rut against Sherlock but the detective lifted himself up a couple of centimeters and left John gasping and aching.
“I can see that you´re still thinking about your pet and daddy doesn´t like that at aaaaalll!” he heard Moriarty say in that hideous sing-song voice. He kept his eyes shut as he felt his head being yanked back by his hair, painfully.
He wondered about it briefly but fell down in it nevertheless, too tired, too exhausted and desperate to ask or wonder and closed his eyes...
But somehow, something inside of John had changed and he shook his head "You suspected all along, didn't you?" he asked
John shoved him off after a few seconds, panting and wiping saliva of his chin. “SHERLOCK!” he rasped “what the…?”
John bucked once more and grabbed Sherlock's wrist, effectively putting his large hand onto his crotch "Pants.off!" he panted and Sherlock obliged all too willingly.
John´s heart broke “Sherlock?” he whispered “Sherlock? Can I…can I touch you? Just…just pet your head, you know, jus…UMPF!”
"Um...Can I have a beer please?" John asked the bartender, a black guy maybe ten years older than him, clad in black latex shorts and not much else who eyed him thoroughly. John tried to look unfazed and managed only to stare a hole into the wall behind the barkeeper's head
Of course he loved John, loved him more than anything or anyone in the whole wide world and he told him so every now and again and had told him in a rather long and emotional speech at their wedding - a speech so emotional that he ended up crying, he remembered, with an unpleasant feeling in his gut. Not that he regretted telling John or even being...
John's head turned so fast towards the stage, he was afraid he might have cracked a vertebra (and, curiously enough, so did Mike's)
“Point is” he kept on going “You´ve never done this before and tonight of all nights might not be the best time to start with this. I´m - tell me if I´m wrong here Sherlock, but I´m guessing you just want to be close to someone you trust right now, don´t you?!”
"Thanks for coming" Sherlock grinned "I know you're not gay. You're bi. And as for the Drugs...you'll just have to look after me, I guess. Move in with me?"
"John!" he moaned "P-please" "What was that?" John tugged his head back hard on his curls and bit down on his neck again.
John covered his thin frame with his body and his face with kisses “God yes Sherlock! I do! I do, so much! Always have, always will, for ever and ever, I promise!”
"On the house!" the bartender waved at him, and then added with a wink "first always is for poor, closeted creatures like you"
“John!” Sherlock snapped “please I…it´s barely been four hours and I just...I just..” he choked on his own words
They had been living and working together for a bit over a year, and, as far as John was concerned, it went pretty well. Sure, neither the Yarders nor Mrs. Hudson had stopped implying that they had more going on than just a platonic friendship (or, in Mrs. Hudson´s case, even SUBTLY suggesting they finally get on with it) and Sherlock still never bought the milk, still managed to chase John´s girlfriends away, absolutely NEVER cleaned up after his disgusting experiments or stopped calling everyone an idiot whenever it suited him (which was a lot of the time) but he had cut down on the cigarettes and definitely, DEFINITELY stopped his usage of any and all “7% solutions”-John had made sure of that.
This was still not really his area. Yes, he could be romantic on occasions, he WAS, in fact, but all of this planned out, cliché-laden romance...he wasn't sure anymore whether John, ordinary-looking but so extraordinary-being John would like that after all.
John woke up with an armful of detective in the morning and, after the initial shock, he cuddled him even closer, drew him nearer to his body and kissed his curls, whispering soothing words to his flat mate who slowly came back to the world and suddenly jumped so hard he nearly dislodged John´s chin.
He stared openmouthed at his detective, having absolutely no idea how to respond to that and, in the end, decided to just grab him by the lapels of his shirt and drew him in for a long, thorough kiss.
He had him at gunpoint and his neck was uncomfortably strained backwards. Well. He had always thought it would have ended between Moriarty and himself but it still made him furious that he got trapped that easily! And yes, he had sent John away, distraction-for him, for John, he didn´t even remember anymore-he just felt a pang in his chest, a sharp ache.
But then the “superhero” suddenly appears in nothing but tight white pants, the panties over his face and stockings and basically knocks the villain out with an attack called “golden steel balls” which basically means that he rubs his barely clothed genitals into the evil guy´s face and John looks to Sherlock, then to the screen, then back to Sherlock, back to the screen, Back to Sherlock and tries to say something. Out comes “ DIYOUJUSHEDIDNOTJUSWHATTHEFUSHERLOWHATTHEFUUWHAAATTTTT???!!!!” and this time, they just fall into each other, laughing so much that John can feel tears on his face and when he has to stop to catch some air, he notices that his head is in Sherlock´s lap and, influenced by the dope, he blurts out “well, I sure hope you´ve not been defending the criminal class with a golden balls of steel attack when I wasn´t around!” Sherlock starts shaking with laughter again while John blushes and realises that this might have been a bit not good but, frankly, too far gone to care much. He gets up into a sitting position again with a “grmpfhjeeeesussorry” and stumps out the joint “I think that was more than enough, gooooood I feel stoned!” he groans but Sherlock is still shaking with laughter beside him “Imagine though” he suddenly sobs out, tears on his cheeks as well now “oh GOD John, me in this ridicoulus..fishnet stockings and..a G-String and” he falls back onto his back and  his feet drum a frantic rhythm into the leather of the couch, matching his laughing sobs.
me and I...I just…I shouldn´t have, I should have THOUGHT and …but I just panicked” he ended, mumbling, hanging his head.
It was a Saturday Night in London in 1999, and since John and Mike were the youngest of the lot, they had gotten the short end of the stick and were ordered to walk around the gay clubs of Soho with their medicinical brochures on HIV and how to prevent it, free condoms, a lot of knowledge in their heads that they were told to pass onto anyone that would listen, and a lot of nervousness.
At John's exclamation though, Sherlock let John pop out of his mouth with a lewd sound and looked up at his red face with wide eyes, smiling
"John" he whispered in horror "John, I didn't want to, I mean...we can..if you don't like Sussex we can stay here or can...we can go anywhere, I don't mind as long as you're with me and yo-"
Sherlock suddenly jumped up and ran over to the calendar on the wall, the one John had given him for Christmas. "365 facts about bees" Sherlock had been beaming with joy and even made a little drunk happy-dance around the flat.
He had John Watson at his side. The best soldier, the best man, the best lover, the best FRIEND he could ever have.
John was true to his words. He paid tribute to every single part of Sherlock’s body with fingers, lips, teeth and tongue - every part except for his cock.
But, as turned on as he was, alarm bells were ringing in his mind and he climbed off of Sherlock’s lap, an idea forming in his mind. “You…you get this fire working - NO EXPLOSIONS! - and I’ll be right back, okay?!”
Inside was a beautiful, slim silver watch with digital figures, nearly hidden away which made the whole thing look like more like a wristband than a watch.
John looked at the elegant creature twisting itself around the pole now, back to his colleague, opening his mouth and slowly trying to get words out "Oh. Oh...no..OH NO!"
John slowly leaned over, giving Sherlock enough of a warning to get away if he wanted to, but he didn’t move one bit, letting John kiss his plush lips gently and tenderly, closing his eyes and sighing quietly at the sensation. John smiled warmly against his lips and kissed him once more, chastely, sweetly, before drawing back and asking
Instead of an answer, Sherlock just huddled closer to John and hid his face in John´s neck once more and John reacted immediately, hugging Sherlock to him tightly, kissing his curls, his forehead, his cheeks, whispering soothing words to him and warming his shivering form with his body until they both fell asleep from exhaustion, entangled in each other.
John felt so many different emotions welling up inside of him, looking into these quecksilver eyes that suddenly looked so...warm and different that he did his best to get up and back to his old room as fast as he could, mumbling a faint "thank you" while on the run...from what exactly, he didn't know.
“Sherlock, listen to me now! And I never thought I´d ever say this-especially not when sober but-ah bugger it! I love you, I truly do, Sherlock Holmes, you brilliant, mad git! I think I´ve loved you from the very first moment I saw you and I will never, ever give anyone the chance to take you away from me, do you hear me?!”
He tried hard to imagine John, shutting his eyes as close as they would go, seeing John, John smiling, John in his horrid jumpers, John making him eat, even berating him, anything but this, just JohnJohnJohnJohn!!!!
He gave Sherlock a second to rasp back a shaky “Yes, always!” And then kissed him with all the love and fervor that he had stored way back in a secret little chamber of his own mind palace during the past year that he’d lived with this - his own - madman!
John let out a low groan at this and spread his legs wide. Sherlock’s cock twitched again. “Well then” John said, and his eyes gleamed “see AND observe, Genius!” and he lubed up three fingers, ran first one, then two, then all three of them over his cock, moaning and writhing, then lower, lower, lower…
"Mate...should we...leave?" Mike asked, not sounding entirely convinced anymore, while spotlights kept searching the crowd
But John's protest was lost in the music of the first club Mike led them into. "The Chemist", John saw in Neon-green letters above the bar
There was a bit of a silence but then John cupped his face again, planted a soft kiss on his lips and whispered “No”. Oh. Well…that was rather disapp… “I want you inside of me Sherlock! Make me yours, please!” he kissed him again but he was still blinking. Confused. More than that. He had always assumed… “But I thought…what with you being” “Shut it” “But…I don’t know how” “I will instruct you, don’t worry” Sherlock fidgeted nervously, his erection flagging somewhat “Come here” John ordered, softly, and pulled the detective onto his chest, kissing him again, sweetly, tenderly, reassuringly. “Never anything you don’t want, promise?!” he whispered, and intertwined their hands. Sherlock looked at their hands for a second, then back at John’s face and nodded “and never anything you don’t want to do!” he added. John just nodded and then said “Do you want me to prepare myself or do you…erm…” “John” he rasped “ I don’t want to hurt you and I have never…please! But let me help!”
His heart was still thrumming at a thousand beats per second it seemed, but he registered the gun in John´s hand, saw murder in his eyes and then looked to his left. Clean shot through the head. Dead under the second. Pity, actually.
John sighed, turned around and took Sherlock's head in his hands, pulling him down "well, at least you're MY madman" he whispered and gave him a soft peck on the lips, followed by a sound smack on the arse that left Sherlock so confused that he had no chance to react quickly enough to give John that "kiss he'll be thinking about all day".
They both got on their sides, facing each other, bellies slick with come but neither of them could be arsed to move and clean up just yet.
“ I mean..” “from my past deductions I´m fairly sure you wouldn´t need any stuffing to look like that” Sherlock suddenly said, deadpan and eyes still on the screen. John all but gaped. “I..what? Sh..what? your past deduc..WHAT?!” Sherlock turned rolled his head around lazily on the sofa and smiled at John “Oh come on! You know that man? Genius, awkward, too thin, face too long, eyes too weird but damn clever who can tell that you had an alcoholic sibling yeah?! That´s me. what makes you think I couldn´t figure out you´re an impressive man in more than one aspect Doctor John Watson?” he grinned but John could tell there was a tension behind it. He wanted to ask a million questions right now, one of them being “too long face and WHAT?? Don´t you know how fucking gorgeous you are?!” but all that came out was “but…why did you..wait..WHY DID YOU?! Sherlock sighed and let his head fall back on the couch so his long neck was entirely exposed. His long neck that looked SO fucking biteable, John thought, despite his very will. “oh John, don´t tell me you want to deny it or that you aren´t proud of it” and the bastard had the cheek to giggle again! “I…but” Sherlock sighed again “why did I think it necessary to deduce that about you? Well, I can´t help deducing things, as you should know by now.” “ You never deduced a suspects SIZE though, as far as I know!” John protested. Sherlock shrugged “well.. I just did with this weird “actor” there” and he waved at the screen “since he kept practically shoving at me through the screen, I couldn´t help it” John tried to keep his voice neutral “but..Sherlock, I never shoved ANYTHING..” “yes, yes John, I know, your precious heterosexuality, spare me the details please” and did he sound…hurt?! “Sherlock, I..” John started but Sherlock interrupted him” just..let´s keep on watching, shall we?” and John did. There was a bit of an uncomfortable silence between them now though. Until the very last scene, where the lead actor had an errection that was about the size of a grown man´s arm and John just snorted again “jeeeeesus Christ what have we just watched?! THIS? I´m a doctor and I can tell you that THIS is NOT possible!” Sherlock grinned impishly and only now did John realized that he had relit the joint “well…you haven´t seen ME! yet!” he said and offered the joint to John. He laughed but took it for two last drags before stumping it out for good. When he looked up again and met Sherlock´s eyes, they both collapsed on the sofa again and Sherlock finally sobbed out “Jawn..Jaaawn that was…the most..ridicoulus movie I´ve ever…ever watched..!” and then , at the same time, John and Sherlock said “I know “ and “I´m horny now”.
Sherlock blinked up at him but, after a few seconds of utter confusion, said, with thankfulness in his eyes “Yours, if you don´t mind”.
Moriarty interrupted his train of thoughts with his sickeningly silky voice in his ear, a sing-song melody, tasting of Irish and danger and lust
He only suspected that something was wrong when John neither made him his usual cuppa at precisely five fifteen, nor spoke to him over dinner and even went up to their room without a snuggle and some telly first that evening, only nodding at him and saying "going to bed early. Have fun with whatever you're planning on doing" coldly.
”I´m a virgin, tonight was the closest I´ve ever gotten to sex and this is not what I want to remember for the rest of my life! I have thought about it, sex, that is, sometimes, a bit. N…Nothing dirty, really!”
John had tongued Sherlock’s nipples and teased them with his fingers while simultaneously sucking a bruise onto Sherlock’s neck so expertly that he had nearly come from this alone. And when he had kissed down Sherlock’s chest and belly, he thought he might just die of sheer pleasure.
“Come on, you don´t have to talk or anything but I…I´m not a detective but I know you´re not a machine and I´m your friend so I can read you pretty well by now and I can see you´re upset as hell so please..”
John was a soldier and a doctor. He had dealt with a lot in his life. A shy virgin he could deal with as well! He cupped Sherlock´s chin and tilted his head up until Sherlock was forced to meet his eyes. They were wide with lust and fear. He smiled gently at him “Hey” he said “I know you know me. But I know you as well, don´t you ever forget that! I´m a virgin when it comes to..erm…”  Sherlock smiled a bit, despite himself “dicks, John, come on, say it!” John laughed and just kissed him again “yes” he finally said “I am. And really, nothing you don´t want. We can just..cuddle on the sofa and kiss and..” “really?” asked Sherlock, eyes wide as if he couldn´t believe what John just said. “erm..yeah of course..Sherlock, why do you look so..wait..what..did someone before?” Sherlock looked to the floor and John was in a killing mood in under one second. He felt his teeth clench and his muscles contract and.. and then Sherlock shuffled his long body to the back of the couch and spooned him, breathing against his neck and giving it sweet little kisses and he melted. Melted into the touch, into the kisses and went utterly lax. This! Sherlock kissing him! Not only had he not anticipated that a few hours ago but also not even wanted…well…now that he thought he wanted back..AH! all of his thoughts vanished and his blood rushed southwards when he felt Sherlock nibbling at his neck and his earlobe and then..and then! “ John Watson, I might be a virgin but I did my research and I think I tried deducing for long enough to see whether I was actually right!” his gravelly voice rumbled in his ear. He positively groaned and turned to face Sherlock, and they grabbed at each other’s clothes frantically. They soon gave up on their upper halves however, that would have to wait until later, Sherlock´s long fingers were, for once, too nervous for undoing buttons and Sherlock´s shirt was trapped under his long dressing gown, so they kept kissing frantically, teeth colliding and tongues licking until they had shoved their trousers down.
Soon though, Sherlock moaned into John’s mouth when he did something especially clever with his tongue and arched his body up into John’s, his rapidly hardening erection touching another one, for the first time in his life “Jo - ooooohn!” he moaned and John cupped the back of his head to prevent it from hitting the floor and causing a major concussion. “Yes, love?” he whispered into his ear and then proceeded to kiss him, on his forehead, his cheekbones, his jaw, his clavicle, down his chest, his belly, his…
He felt like going home, like a shitton of weight had been lifted from his shoulders, like he could finally breathe again.
Sherlock panicked slightly at that one. He had absolutely NO idea! And that fact scared him even more than the prospect of not having an appropriate gift for John by tomorrow.
To his great surprise and disappontment, John slowed down and then stopped altogether, pulling out and rolling Sherlock over so he could face him.
Sherlock just kissed the top of John's head and quietly said "yes. Yes indeed" being utterly contempt with the world for once and feeling as if a huge rock had been lifted from his heart.
Yes, he still ocassionally suffered from that excruciating self-doubt, thinking that no one, especially not someone as perfect as John, could ever truly love him and usually John was around when he had these moments, assuring Sherlock, soothing him, whispering sweet nothings and promises and praise into Sherlock's ear while petting his hair until the detective fell asleep, his head in John's lap and a smile on his lips, but today, he would have to cope on his own.
"One year already, is it?! Oh and you're being so thoughtful, oh dear, one year! I remember it as if it were yesterday, such a lovely ceremony, you both looked so dapper and, oh well, you know I knew it from the start, don't you?! Just saw the two of you were made for each other, I always said to Mrs. Turner, I said-"
“I…sorry John, I know you´re not gay, I´m not asking for full - on sex, I didn´t…well I´m actually…what Mycroft said” he mumbled and hid his face in the crook of his elbow and if that wasn´t the sweetest thing John had ever seen than he had no idea what was
"Admit it, one of these guys caught your eye! Don't worry mate, I won't tell anyone until you're ready, but I'm glad you can finally accept it!"
“No-ooooo, that little Doctor of yours was never more than a tiny distraction for me or did you really think he could figure this puzzle out, where you would be n…”
"Merde!" Sherlock muttered to himself and clenched his fists so as to not punch them into the wall. No wonder John was angry. And probably very disappointed. Oh god! Very disappointed.
As one of their most frequented and beloved doctors, nobody had a problem with him leaving early and as he got himself a cup of coffee and a muffin at the nearest café as soon as he was out of sight, he wasn't sure whether he should be proud or worried that he had learnt to lie and act so well, obviously learning from the master himself.
"Apparently VERY fearfuly" the owner of the voice added, grinning smugly. John blinked. Before him stood a tall, lanky young man with unruly, pitch-black curls, green-grey piercing eyes and cheekbones to die for -
"Mycroft" Sherlock replied in greeting "your office, ten minutes. Get those papers ready and a notary over"
He would forever deny that the noises being made during that first encounter came out of his mouth but in this moment it didn’t matter, nothing mattered anymore, except the sensation he felt, the sensation of John and him moving together, their sweaty hands clutched together tightly, never letting go, not ever again, John arching his hips upwards and Sherlock just giving in to instincts, pounding, screaming, moaning, grunting variations of John’s name and mingled “Oh god YES!”‘s and “more!”’s crescendoing into one final duet of a baritone and an alt, singing out the high note of passion and each other’s name at exactly the same time.
There was an engraving. It read "Sherlock and John, forever one" and he noticed a tiny little bulge next to their names, looking more like plain metal than silver.
He's had his fair share of girlfriends during college and University, and if there had ever been the odd sort of fumble between mates, well, isn't that what all boys do at a certain age? When they're lonely and there are no girls around?
"two splinters of two bullets" John responded quietly and put his hand over the scar on Sherlock's chest and Sherlock's hand on his shoulder.
"Sh..Sherlock?" his voice sounded raspy and unused and he knew the question was a bit stupid because, lets be honest, who else could it be, but still...
And he handed him a cuppa, noticing that Sherlock’s fingers lingered over his a second longer than necessary and also noticed that, while they ate, Sherlock complimented John on his cooking skills until he just had to look away and, finally, even had to get up to do the dishes hurriedly because he couldn’t stand it any longer. Sherlock positioned himself on his usual position on the couch, dressing gown falling open, revealing a nearly see-through grey T-Shirt, his tattered silky pyjama trousers and his surprisingly elegant feet.
Sherlock suddenly pushed him away, looking shocked  and blinking, not unlike when John had asked him to be best man
“I…Johooooooon!” he groaned, when John took his erection in one hand, lined it up and carefully led the tip of his cock into his body, squirming slightly, trying to adjust.
"Captain John Watson, please!" he tried again. "Good little soldier" John murmured, soothing his bite marks with his tongue "how about you get on all fours for me, hm? So I can admire your plush little arse a bit" He didn't even wait for an answer but shoved Sherlock into the position-very, VERY lightly though, Sherlock noticed, so he could break this game whenever he wanted to. But he did not have the slightest intention of doing so, oh hell no!
“No” he whispered and kissed Sherlock behind his ear “It’s the most beautiful love nest I have ever seen, thank you!” He could feel Sherlock shiver a bit and put a duvet over the two of them, cuddling close and even closer to Sherlock, but something was still nagging at him and he had to get it out. He felt like they both had to or they couldn’t progress healthily and freely from here on.
“Sherlock?” “Hmmmm?” he purred sleepily back at him. “ I - no. Do you trust me?” Suddenly, Sherlock was not so sleepy anymore “Yes! Yes of course I do John! More than anybody else, why are you asking?” and he raised an eyebrow.
"that's the fucking point you daft git! And I'm only making that confession because I've had three whiskeys earlier, so either throw me out now or defmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!"
the next thing he noticed was the loud coughing of the kettle and he jerked up, rubbed his eyes and saw Sherlock's back, busy in the kitchen
he was shoved away to the other end of the sofa by a bright eyed consultant detective who looked hurt and aroused and very firm indeed. Oh! “sorry Sherlock, oh god, sorry I thought..I tho..” “Shut up you idiot!” came back “you are interested in women only, you have made that quite clear, I don´t need a pitty kiss from you, despite being a sociopath I can pick up clear signals. I´ll be gone by tomorrow, don´t worry!” and he went to get up. WHAT?! For all his genius, he had a lot to learn when it came to human interactions (and especially romantic interactions!). John grabbed his wrist and forced him back onto the sofa, swung a leg over his lap so he was straddling him and cupped his face. “you idiot!” he said gently, looking into his wild eyes and stroking lovingly along his smooth jaw. “ I thought you would´ve caught up with my mind by now, genius that you are.”
“JOHN!” Sherlock would have been ashamed by that outburst of passion, that demand of carnal pleasure, had he been in his right state of mind, but clearly, he wasn’t.
John, I´m so sorry, please forget everything about yesterday night, I don´t know what happened, I wasn´t in my right mind, I´m sorry, I just …I never meant to…”
"THAT!" John spat out while he struggled to sit up and get the slice of grapefruit off of his dick, hissing in pain once more when it slid over his exposed glans "is NOT a nice surprise, Jesus Christ what the fuck were you thinking, this stings like hell, you're supposed to be a fucking SCIENTIST, do you have any idea how bloody acidic Grapefruits are?! And how did you even...you know what, nevermind, I need a shower and I need it NOW!" and he got up fast, wobbling his way towards the bathroom, whining and hissing and cursing, leaving Sherlock sitting on the bed beside the abandoned piece of Grapefruit, jumping a bit when the door to the loo slammed close and whispering to himself "But...but it said online that.."
not quite done yet." He whispered something into the bartender's ear upon which he grinned and then Sherlock stood up again, speaking into the microphone again "to REALLY kick off a great night of dancing and frivolity, there's nothing better than this song! But it would be a shame if I had to dance to it all alone up here - several men whistled, but he made them shut up with a gesture of his hand - so it would be a great joy and honour for me, if Doctor John Watson - both John and Mike gasped - would join me here on the stage - and be it only to get back his nice badge that I nicked off of him earlier" laughter from the crowd followed as Sherlock paraded around the stage, indeed showing off John's badge. "Either way" Sherlock breathed into the microphone as seductively as he could "don't be shy. And now: Hit it, Lafayette!"
John giggled slightly through his snivels and said "beehives, eh?! well, at least I won't be entirely out of a job then, having to tend to your stings and all that on my old days"
"I...erm...I think I should...get back to my own chair now or things might get a bit...indecent" he grinned down at Sherlock and only now did Sherlock feel a certain something pressing against his own, rather affected crotch. "Oh" he smirked. He was back in familiar territory now and his brain was back online apparently, at least in parts
He changed into his pyjamas, sighing contentedly when at least a bit of the pressure on his prick was released but grabbed the lube and a few condoms - better safe than sorry - before he headed back down.
"We were meant to be my love" John breathed into Sherlock's ear and he couldn't hold back any longer. He felt hot, salty tears running down his cheeks but couldn't bring himself to care anymore.
And suddenly, John couldn't help himself anymore. He started to laugh uncontrollably, rolling around on the floor, holding his belly and actually cried with laughter for a while, then brought the obviouly insulted and sulking great master detective down for another kiss.
His superior deduction skills told him that John must be angry. But why? He hadn't shot the wall in a while, had labelled and stored all the human parts in the fridge correctly, had neither called Mycroft, Lestrade or John an idiot for some time and he hadn't even smoked since their wedding a year a..OH!
"I feel like a blood Jehova's witness!" John complained to Mike on their way to their first club "I mean, it's not the eighties anymore, they all KNOW, don't they?! They just want to have a good time and score, if they decide not to protect themselves for whatever stupid reason, us standing creepily around will hardly change it, right?!"
Sherlock quickly went to snatch the unassuming brown envelope out of his coat pocket before he settled in front of the fireplace and snuggled into the blankets, still feeling a bit self-conscious about it and debating shortly whether throwing it into the flames wouldn't be the better idea after all but then John was back, dropping down beside him and peppering his pyjama-clad spine with soft kisses while Sherlock hummed in appreciation.
He decided that, with the alcohol and all the emotional foreplay they had had all day long, he'd go right for it tonight.
He really couldn't find an answer, this was just downright insane, even for Sherlock's standards, so he simply shook his head, sighed, got out of the shower and decided to have some very firm words with Sherlock about what was to go on his dick and what wasn't.
“At first I wanted to think of you but then I thought…If I should ever survive this and even if nothing would ever happen between us - I wouldn’t want to have to associate this with you in any way.
and he ran a cold, pale finger over his right nipple. Sherlock shivered again, with disgust and fear and he closed his eyes, lips trembling, panicking now but not wanting to show it. He knew what was to come and suddenly, dying wasn´t the most frightening aspect of this scenario anymore.
"Yes, lovely Mrs. Hudson, but will you help me now or not? John will be back from the clinic in approximately six hours and I've still got lots to do"
"I...hey, what?! I'm not..." but Mr. Latex was already tending to another costumer, so John took a rather big gulp of his beer to stomach the extremely weird "conversation" he'd just had, and decided to look for a spot somewhere at the side where he wouldn't bother anyone. On his way out of the crowd, the barkeeper's words kept replaying over and over again in his head "poor, closeted creature".
Sherlock cleared his throat, lifted himself up again and said "Let's just...let's...I believe the cab is here", then took John's hand gingerly in his own and they both set off for Angelo's.
Dazed with love, passion and lust, he just repeated Johns name over and over again while said man pulled his trousers down together with his pants, leaving him completely bare and shamefully wanting. “No!” Sherlock squirmed a bit and put a pale arm over his face, but John pushed it off immediately and was back, kissing him and asking “What is it love? Why don’t you want me to see you?”
"But yes, I really, REALLY love this Sherlock! It's beautiful and just what I needed, thank you so much!" and he kissed him again, Sherlock responding rather passionately.
Sherlock swallowed hard and tried to wiggle away, but Lestrade just pinned him harder to the point where it hurt his wrists. He watched with horror as Lestrade stopped pinning his wrists at his side and pulled them together above his head so that he could grab them with one hand while continuing with the buttons on his shirt with his other hand. Sherlock started thrashing, with each button that he opened Sherlock realised the situation was becoming more and more dire, and less likely that Mycroft would get there in time to save him.
Sherlock frowned slightly and blinked, he was still angry with John, but the question confused him. “How long what?” He huffed. Because really if John was going to be vague he could just turn around and walk right out that door.
Mycroft was knew he was in trouble and he was starting to panic. He saw no way out of this and that terrified him.
John yanked his body across the bed and reached into his drawer to pull out his gun. It wasn’t loaded, Claire had made sure to get rid of all of the bullets, but of course the intruder didn’t know that. “Answer me.” He hissed again.
“If I was lying I don’t think I would be standing here in front of you, do you?” He said a bit exasperated.
Mycroft shook his head and put the gun away, “See, I came up here with two possible outcomes. I’m going with the original one I thought would happen.”
He told himself once that if Sherlock ever returned from the dead he would be better... happy even, but now he is even more depressed than he already was. He was angry with Sherlock because he was getting better! Slowly... so very slowly, but he was getting there. And Mary – bless her heart – was helping him, but then Sherlock showed up and ruined everything. For two weeks he didn’t talk to him, but he supposed he couldn’t stay away forever. Sherlock is his drug and as much as he hates to admit it he needs him.
Sherlock knew that too so he didn’t call back. John would come when he was ready because he was a man of his word. He didn’t say things he didn’t mean. Sherlock was incredibly grateful for another chance, he knew that this was probably the definition of manipulation and that their relationship was currently anything, but healthy. But he knew that he could fix that. So for now, he stood up and cleaned the flat, waiting for John to come home.
friends! And we stopped being friends the second he died!" He growled. And he didn't mean it... He didn't mean any of it, but he hurt and he was lashing out.
The man groaned and shook his head, “I’ll give it to you if you give me the money, Sherlock! You know the rules!”
Sherlock blinked and raised an eyebrow. Surely this had to be going somewhere… “Umm, I’m fine… Thank you?”
But I've done loads of stuff on my own! I've been in a few lifetime movies that haven't aired yet. And I've been on Masterchef twice as a VIP guest! Along with other things. Life is good currently. well.. it could be better, but baby steps.
The man slowly closed the casket and Sherlock had to look away. He buried his face into John's shoulder and just focused on his breathing, if he didn’t he would pass out and that would be more traumatic than all of this already was.
After a moment Sherlock sat up and took off his wet pants, so that they were both hard and naked and it was the most beautiful thing Sherlock had ever seen, it always was when John was like this for him. Sherlock rolled over and then climbed on top of John, he straddled him and then rolled his hips a couple of times and groaned.
John could hear the man take a breath and hold up his hands, “Don’t.... shoot....” He said very quietly and John froze. That voice... that voice was a voice he hadn’t heard in so very long.
Well, okay, he did know how to fix it, but he wasn’t willing to do that. Though, if that was the only option John was going to accept, he felt like he probably had to. It wasn’t fair to keep any of this from John, John had been so open with him ever since day one and Sherlock struggled to be open himself.
“I don’t need you to take me on a date to be happy, I’m happy just being with you.” Sherlock hummed with a smile and grabbed John's hand.
The door swung opened and his father strode into the room wearing the biggest smile he had ever seen. He frowned at the look on his face and wanted nothing more than to attack him, but he was his father and so he had to be good. He didn’t even know why his father was here... his mother said that he wanted to rekindle their relationship, but he knew that that was a lie. Probably told that to his mum, but in truth just wanted to torture him more. His eyes trailed downward, settling on his hand. Sherlock's eyes widened as he noticed his father was holding a white, crisp envelope, he growled, “Give it to me!”
Sherlock stood on his sofa, staring at his wall. Drawing after drawing of artwork all strewn about, they all consisted of the same thing: A blue box that disappeared. Sherlock had been working on this particular case for months! It all led to nowhere and he was frustrated! He rarely left his flat and he just stared at the wall all day. Theory after theory of how this box was possible, what the box did, why did it disappears. Everything! He was getting absolutely nowhere and on the verge of pulling his hair out.
Sherlock’s heart broke at the sound of that. His John was hurting so much and he knew that if he were to talk to him any longer he wouldn’t jump, but he couldn’t risk that. John would die because he would have been too much of a coward. He had no other choice... so he closed his eyes slowly and took a shaky breath as he whispered the next words, “Goodbye, John...” He said as firmly as he could and then threw his phone behind him.
Sherlock wasn’t aware of how many people his mother had affected. There were so many people at the viewing and it seemed even double at the funeral. There were a lot of famous people, some of the other make-up artists his mother worked with... He had his extended family there as well, but Sherlock wasn’t paying attention to any of those things. He just wanted to be with his mother. Honestly, he was expecting the funeral to be small and was looking forward to that. When it wasn’t small he ended up taking everything harder than he thought he should have.
Once Sherlock climbed out of the cab he walked into the building without a word and they both went up to Lily’s room. John was still holding the game under his arms when they walked through the door, sighing slightly at the fact that he actually still ended up coming.
Well, he was in for it now, “I mean that I live two hours away on foot! Neither my mother nor my father will drive me and I’m too far away from school for any busses… by the time we get to my house, it will be late. Then, once you dropped me off, you would be left to walk all by yourself for another two hours – in the dark, mind you – to once again reach your home!” John groaned.
Brian was wearing a light pink button down shirt, with a white skinny tie. He had skinny white trousers on that were rolled up a bit and he had tan vans on his feet. His hair was spiked up in the front in a bit of a fauxhawk, Sherlock thought he looked gorgeous… all considering. One breath, and then two, Sherlock slowly brought his hand up to grab Brian's tie, tugging him slightly. He watched as Brian frowned a bit, but Sherlock just kept tugging on it until Brian finally moved and then guided him up the stairs to his room. His room was a right mess, but he knew he wouldn’t be able to stomach going in John’s room. Not John's – never John's...
“Oh please.” Sigar rolled his eyes for what felt like the eightieth time and then smirked, “You know you and Sherlock won’t last?” He hummed. “He’s slipping away from you, isn’t he? He’s not the same either and you don’t like it” His eyes widened with some realization, “you don’t want it to last…” He breathed, “that’s fantastic.” He smiled softly.
John quickly jumped up from the table and followed Brian… which was a mistake because now the whole entire table was following him!
“Yeah! Exactly! He’s planning something!” Brian growled and pushed his jelly around his tray, making a huge mess.
“Sherlock, I have an idea… and you can say no if you want, but what do you say about staying at my house tonight? I just really don’t want you to walk home...”
“That’s because you’re a man, gay or not, most men usually think the only ways to solving relationship problems are through their penis.” She smirked and rolled her eyes playfully at him.
John was breathing a bit heavy and his eyes were still closed. His head was rushing and he couldn’t help but think how amazing this was and was it always like that when kissing boys or just Sherlock? John classified it as a ‘just Sherlock’ feeling. But he also didn’t feel the need to go out and experiment.
The water washed over John and unlike before it didn’t help at all. He stayed in there for a long while, not because he was trying to forget, but because he really didn’t want to go back out there and face Sherlock. If that made him a coward, so be it. But He did have to go back out there eventually, so he turned off the water and got out. He got dressed and walked out of his bathroom to find Sherlock lying on his bed.
Sherlock slowly turned his head to the side and saw John. At first his heart swelled with happiness and love, but then he remembered what John had done to him – what John had done to hundreds of people, “What are you doing here?” He said lowly and glared at him.
Sherlock gave a small nod and a sad smile, “Yeah... Mycroft just came in to tell me that my mother couldn’t come and see me because she couldn’t leave work.” He swallowed and took a bite of his sandwich, even though he was nowhere near hungry, but he had made a promise to John so he was going to keep it.
Sherlock let out a sad breathy laugh and stepped forward a bit more, “I’m so incredibly angry with you.” He growled slightly, but this time there was no bite, it was more of a fond growl.
Moral of the story is everyone needs to go out there and find their Bill because you deserve the best in life and never.... never settle for anything less because you dont think that youre worth it..... because let me tell you something.... you are.
“John, I have not asked you for a lot in this life. I like to think I’m a pretty mellow boyfriend. Sometimes I can be a tad difficult, but I have never wanted anything as much as I want you to kiss me right now… Please. I am begging you, I have begged you, and we both know that that is something I don’t do.” Sherlock struggled to get all of that out, but he finally managed and he was proud of himself.
Sherlock swallowed hard as he opened and closed his mouth looking for something to say. He knew who the man was. He kept up with everything because it was what he liked to do… He was sort of obsessed in a way. “I know…” he finally whispered and shook the Inspectors hand, “Sherlock Holmes.” He swallowed thickly and tried to draw in air because it felt like he couldn’t breathe. He really couldn’t believe this was happening and John was just grinning like an idiot beside him.
John's eyes widened and his heart broke. Sherlock never said it back... He didn’t even know if Sherlock had forgiven him for what he had done! He felt like he was suffocating and he felt numb everywhere... He wanted to cry, but he hadn’t shed a tear since that night he had broken down in his room... though, he supposed that wasn’t a long time ago. He just straightened his back and then nodded once.
Sherlock's phone started ringing loudly and he groaned, waking up from his deep sleep. He put the pillow over his head, but it would not stop shrieking. He hissed and was going to throw it against the wall, but John told him if he didn’t answer it and stop that god awful noise he was going to cut Sherlock's eyes out. Sherlock didn’t like the sound of that very much so he slowly rolled over and reached for it. His head was pounding and he was all crusty – he had no idea why and then suddenly everything came rushing back to him and he smiled a bit. It may have been a right mess, but they had a moment of some sort and that made Sherlock happy. He reached a hand up and touched the dog tags around his neck and then answered his phone. He kept his eyes shut as he heard Garrett blabbering on and on about some case. It seemed like it was in the middle of nowhere and he wasn’t really paying attention, but it wouldn’t be that hard to find. Sherlock eventually hung up the phone and shoved John out of the bed, “Wake up.” He grumbled and slowly stood up.
Sherlock took a breath. He knew that John was thinking about it and it killed him, to Sherlock it shouldn’t even be something you needed to think about and the fact that John was even considering it made him rather ill. But he needed to give John an out. He needed to give him a reason because dammit Sherlock would give that boy the fucking world. “No, you just don’t want to be like your father. You don’t want to abuse someone like he abuses you.”
John swallowed hard as he walked into his house. It was quiet, but that was to be expected... It was late... Really late. And since John wasn't there at the moment there was no one to make messes... Basically this was just some long arse holiday that all his servants got to enjoy. He didn't mind though because they never got to take breaks and for some reason he was feeling generous.
Sherlock was taken aback by this, now he felt even more confused. He always knew what was going on, he most of the time knew what people were going to say, but within the past hour or so John had managed to confuse Sherlock more than once. That must have been some sort of record. “That’s not what people normally say…”
John giggled a bit and rolled his eyes, “Aww Sebby!! It’s good to see you too! How’s your lover: James?” He hummed. The three of them had been friends ever since John was little... They were his only friends really and they would all torture bugs at recess... They grew apart once John told them that he didn’t want to work with them, but John had been teasing Sebastian about his feelings for Jim ever since they were fourteen. It was so obvious a blind man could see it, but Seb always denied it. He could see the way Jim looked at Sebastian too, but he didn’t know if they actually did anything about it or just pretended like they didn't have feelings for each other. Still, it was fun to tease his old friend.
John smirked into the kiss as his hands found a place in Sherlock’s hair. “Tosser.” He whispered, lovingly.
Sherlock wanted to cry and wasn't that just tedious. He knew it wasn't a trick because John looked different... He held himself differently, his hair was slicked back, he wasn't in those ghastly jumpers... And for the first time Sherlock could actually deduce him... Assassin, parents left him when he was younger, miserable, lives in a mansion with slaves, Mike works with him, and so on... And then he realised that John was letting him see all that and it hurt him more than anything. John was showing him all of this to tell him it wasn't a trick... This was really happening right now and it terrified Sherlock. And then Sherlock got angry because he had loved this man. He had loved everything this man was, but the man he loved was fictional and wasn't there at all, "So everything we did – everything
John was currently staring at the wall while sitting in the bath. It was warm and comforting, but not the same without Sherlock. He closed his eyes and sunk down into the water. He laid on the bottom of the tub and refused to come up – not that anyone was there to force him to. His lungs started to hurt more and more, but he didn’t care. He knew he promised Sherlock, but he couldn't do it anymore. His head started to feel light and his lungs were burning, but he wanted this – it was comforting. Before when he was drowning he remembered thinking how people would say it was the most peaceful way to go, then he thought they were full of shit… but honestly, right now he understood what they meant. He wasn’t scared of drowning anymore, he wanted it.
HIYA!! I UNDERSTAND THAT NEW COMERS WON'T KNOW SHIT BUT I ADDED A NOTE AT THE END ALMOST A YEAR AFTER THIS CHAPTER WAS POSTED! AWWWW YEY
That was of course useless, but he could dream. He wrapped his left hand on the handle of the car door for leverage and then brought his right hand down as hard as he could against the window. He did it again and again and again and it wasn’t
“Sherlock’s dead.” Again, there was no emotion. Guess saying it out loud didn’t make him break at all. But saying it out loud still didn’t make it feel real, he was a doctor… he knew he was just in shock, he knew the emotions would hit him like a car slamming into a brick wall while going 161 kilometres per hour once he wasn’t in shock anymore. He took a calming breath and closed his eyes as he counted to ten.
John sighed dramatically, seeing this for the losing battle that it was. “Fine! But if you die by some crazy mugger, I’ll murder you!”
“The next thing I knew I was waking up chained in a room filled with concrete. It was cold and wet and I was in nothing but my pants. I was terrified. I had never been more terrified. They beat me daily… The scars I have on my back I- it’s a constant reminder of what happened so that’s why I don’t take my shirt off. I didn’t want you to ask because I didn’t want to remember, but it doesn’t fucking matter because I remember anyway. I remember every god damn day of my existence. I remember what the whip felt like when it was struck against my back, I remember the burning feeling from the scolding hot iron rod. And no matter what I do I can’t- I can’t get it out of my head, John.” By the end Sherlock was shaking like a leaf and tears were running down his face.
He turned on the faucet and started to scrub his face with cold water. Brian’s spit was dying on his face and it was disgusting, though honestly he felt disgusting and just wanted to wash his whole body. He looked in the mirror and saw that his hair was wild and his suit was a bit ripped. Mycroft would be asking questions and he wasn’t about to tell him that it was John. If he did he feared John wouldn’t be allowed in the house and then he really would be homeless. He didn’t want to go to school anymore for today… he didn’t want to go to school before, but at least it was bearable. If he stayed here any longer he was going to suffocate – even though he only had three more classes to go to, the last of which being one with John… and Brian. No. He knew not going to class would let them win. Something he told John he refused to do, but at the same time he couldn’t go and face John… not after that… he needed time.
John swallowed hard and looked down, he knew Sherlock was just trying to make a cheeky joke, but the guilt shot through him like a bullet. “Now, we both know that that isn’t true...” He whispered quietly as he avoided Sherlock's gaze.
John dug deeper into the drawer and froze when he pulled out a small baggy. He frowned slightly – his fear getting the best of him, but Sherlock wouldn’t dare use that stuff… it was most likely something harmless and John was freaking out over nothing. John held the bag up to the light, examining it thoroughly, when he still had no idea what it was for sure he slowly opened it and sniffed it. It didn’t have a smell unfortunately so he had to take drastic measure, he licked his finger to wet it and then stuck his hand in the bag – with Sherlock this could have been poison and John knew he shouldn’t taste it, but he
“No, you can tell him yourself when you wake up…” He whispered and pushed Sherlock's curls from his forehead.
“Hi...” He whispered quietly, “I know I never talk to you... or I never really come visit you, but... it’s just because it hurts too much. I hope you can understand that and don’t hate me for it… I like to think that if the roles were reversed you would do the same and that way I don’t feel as guilty.” He slowly took his fingers away from the lettering and sat back into the grass.
John froze, but then returned to his drawing. He couldn’t let on that he really didn’t get it all, he was supposed to appear clever to his peers. “No! I get how to do it just fine!”
Sherlock was silent for a long moment, he was afraid that John had already fallen asleep, but he spoke up anyway. “John..?” He whispered.
Brian smirked, “Watch this, mate.” He finished folding a paper aeroplane that he had been working on for half of the class period and threw it. It flew through the air until it hit the brainiac of the class – Sherlock Holmes - right in the head. “Bingo!” Brian snickered and gave Zack a high five.
Mycroft resisted the urge to sigh. He started thinking of all the brick buildings where John could have snuck into that had a ‘thing’ in it that he could sleep under. Unfortunately, ‘thing’ could be meant as a lot of things. “What happened next..?” He needed more data.
John’s laughter immediately turned into tears, “I didn’t take anything!!! Why are you so cruel!! So, so mean! You’re a meanie!!” He sobbed and threw a hand over his eyes to block out the light and hide his tears.
Brian sneered, “then prove it.” He held Sherlock tighter against the tree, but moved his body away so that John had a perfect opening.
Sherlock giggled as the kitten bit his fingers again and hissed at him. “Feisty little thing,” He hummed. “John would like you...” He sighed and immediately got to writing.
Sherlock slapped it away and casted him a hard glare, “Oh, fuck you! Why don’t you go running into Miles’ arms and leave me alone?
Sherlock slowly looked up and swallowed, his eyes wet and puffy from the tears he had been shedding, “John’s not dead and now you’re dying! I’m probably going to lose John too, even though he’s not dead! Nothing is the same anymore… Why can't I just be happy?? He hates me, but I just–“
Moriarty shoved him slightly, “That’s the fucking problem, you always think everything is about you when it’s not. I got bored of you, Sherlock, I disappeared because I no longer wanted you in my life.”
Sherlock's eyes widened, “You’ve- YOU’VE DONE THIS BEFORE!!!” he screamed. He really should have stayed calm, but he had never been so scared in his whole life. Staring down the barrel of a gun was one thing, that was scary in a different sense. At least that way he would die and it would be all over, but this… this was something he was going to have to live with forever.
And then Sherlock's eyes snapped opened and he swallowed hard. "Torture..." He echoed. "All those gruesome cases that I couldn't solve... Those were you...?" He whispered.
John growled and cocked the gun, he didn’t say anything because he refused to play games with this blobfish.
. Such a silly compliment. A word used all the time by people all over the world to describe the simplest things. Yet, for some reason, when it came from Sherlock it meant so much more. So much that he thought the whole universe might rip open because Sherlock described something as brilliant besides himself – and it wasn’t directed towards John. He wanted that compliment directed towards him and he wasn’t sure he would ever get it because he was definitely not brilliant. Especially compared to Sherlock.
Eventually though, John felt too sick to even talk... it got to the point where he just stopped engaging in conversation because it hurt and he felt like he was going to throw up.
In a way John was like a little kid who has been spoiled their whole life... he always got what he wanted, no matter what that was, and if he didn’t there would be hell to pay. Another thing about John is that he was broken... Blake meant that in the kindest way possible, but really there was no kind way of putting that. John Watson was a broken man because instead of picking people off by a sniper he went into their houses or lured them into an alleyway and tortured them... It wasn’t like John couldn’t pick them off with a gun because he could. John was probably the best shot out there and was even better with a sniper. It was just that he physically enjoyed hearing people scream and watching them bleed. It would have made Blake sick, but he learned to get over it a long time ago. Without thinking he dipped his head down and took John in his mouth. He was completely lost in thought and that’s what made this bearable. You learned to develop a technique when working with John because he made you do a lot of things you didn't want to do... Things went by a lot quicker and smoother when you got lost in thought and just sucked it up.
John swallowed hard and he felt like he was going to throw up, but he would not cry because he didn’t know what Sherlock was talking about and it most certainly wasn’t what he was thinking... It couldn’t be. Sherlock loved him more than anything, he told him that himself. Sometimes Sherlock didn’t really understand social queues so he probably got that saying mixed up with something else. “That’s what people say when...?” He whispered and continued to sit on the floor.
John probably should have been angry that Sherlock looked at his medical records, or maybe he just trusted that John didn’t have sex with anyone while he was away, but right now he was horny and drunk and he wanted the man in front of him. He nodded slowly and then poured the lube into his hand. Slowly, he entered a finger inside of Sherlock.
So after the cruise we went to Universal Studios for two days (the one in Orlando) and all my sister wanted was a leather bracelet with her name carved in it because apparently everyone has one and those are "in" right now.... let me tell you i bought one in Disney World three years ago so i was ahead of the game!
John smirked a bit when Sherlock wasn’t looking, he walked over to the red chair, and sat down. He took everything in around the flat and even though it was small it could be very nice. He might get anxiety with the mess, but he could clean it. The thought almost killed him because he hadn’t had to pick up a mess in years... ever since his parents dropped him off at the orphanage Mrs. Turner always did it and then he had servants and maids for the messes he made now... Although, if it was any consolation, John didn’t make messes because he hated them so much, but he was living a different life for the moment and he supposed he could deal with it for a short period of time.
Mycroft cleared his throat awkwardly. “How about you start at the part where you left the house? Where did you go…?” If Mycroft wanted to find out any information he could about what happened to John and where he went, he knew he would have to be quick… Mycroft didn’t know what drug John had been taking… or what was wrong with him for that matter… But confusion was a common side effect in most drugs and the longer he went without an answer, the more likely it was that he wasn’t going to get one.
. “Who the fuck is this??” John growled and glared at Sherlock. He had been gone three days and already Sherlock had man candy decorating his arm?
Sherlock couldn’t help but smile., John was so beautiful and even though Sherlock had been a dick lately... John was still with him. He hummed and took John's hand as he walked with him to the pub.
John’s eyes widened and he grinned, “OH! Oh! So you’re the big brother that looks after him even though he doesn’t want it – how fascinating!”
Mycroft was sitting in his office trying to control the British Government. He had been able to work his way up quickly and now it appeared he was head of the British Government. Sherlock liked to say he
“Umm, yes, that’s it. And I do – did… like my brother! I just– no one believes me and I need your help... is there a time that we could meet? How about two weeks from Saturday?” John grinned to himself on his beautiful acting skills, Sherlock had once told him that when a person started using past tense quickly, often times they were guilty.
Sherlock actually had no idea what he was doing, but he had seen plenty of sappy chick flicks from when Cakeman had watched them, which was quite frequent, that he figured he was doing everything right. And John seemed to like it anyway so he supposed even if he was pants at this it didn’t matter. He gently pulled away and put their foreheads together.
Sherlock walked in silence as he held John’s hand. They ended up at his old home where he knocked on the door and waited for Mycroft to answer. After a moment, Mycroft opened the door and blinked down at Sherlock he hadn’t seen his brother in years. Well, in person anyway. “Sherlock... What can I do for you..?”
John’s whole world came crashing down and he shook his head, he loved Lily… he refused to believe it, not to mention if it was true Sherlock would slip even further from his old self. “No, you’re lying... Why should I trust you anyway? After everything you’ve done?”
They went back to the flat and Sherlock went to the kitchen to make tea, but John stopped him and made it for the both of them instead. “I could have done it,” Sherlock grumbled into his mug once John had handed it to him. He was honestly shocked that John seemed fine about everything, something seemed off about this.
about him. John lowered his eyes to stare at Mycroft for a moment before he slowly spoke, “Is there a reason you drug me, tied me up, and then stripped me of my clothes?”
John didn’t answer him. He just looked at Zack like he had been kicked in the stomach and then cried harder. “I- I went to Brian, but he said I couldn’t stay because- because he had family over and now I’m here and I don’t- I don’t know what to do!” He sobbed harder and then ran into Zack’s arms. “Can I just come inside...?” he whispered in a small voice. In truth, Zack was another one of his best friends. They didn’t talk a lot ever since Sherlock, and Brian sort of took up a lot of space with his big personality, but John was also really close to Zack. They had known each other since they were four and they used to hang out all the time.
I still havent written the next chapter of Tulips and people who read this in one hundred years will be like 'well it's up now!' and this line will just be pointless...
The DI sighed and closed his eyes, “Sherlock, I know it’s hard to accept that the one you love is a murderer. But we tested everything to make sure it was right before we brought him in. He’s in a holding cell right now, he kept screaming at me to call you, so I did. Even though I was certain you weren’t going to answer. He’ll be moved to the actual prison within the week.”
John kissed from Sherlock’s jaw all the way down to the waistband of his pants, nipping the skin occasionally as he went. He smiled up at Sherlock once he got to his destination and then pulled them off, slowly. His mouth went absolutely dry when Sherlock's erection sprang free, yes he had seen Sherlock naked, but no he had never seen him naked like
In truth he was excited to go back home just for the sole reason of wearing different clothes. He only had the suitcase he had brought to Scotland and that definitely didn’t have enough clothes, or items, in it for two weeks. A few times he had to go to a launderette and John absolutely hated that.
He closed his eyes and took in the desert smell. He had grown to love the smell and the danger – the adrenaline. It was the best part and if not for any of those things he would be miserable. He also had grown to love the heat, despite telling himself he would never like it in the beginning. He found himself craving hot nights in his tent, the ability to not have to wear a jacket.
John pushed Mike off the bed, but instantly regretted it when pain shot through his shoulder. “Get. Out! I would never in a million years fall for Sherlock Holmes!” He snapped.
"Sherlock, wait!!" Claire called out and tried to go after him, but he was already gone and she didn't have the energy to chase him.
Sherlock picked up the remote and started to click through channels until he settled on James Bond movie. John seemed to like those and he wanted to please John. He didn’t want to watch a movie at all, but he thought John did and that was what mattered.
Sherlock took another breath as he tried to calm himself down. He wanted to leave now... he couldn’t stand watching John anymore, but he waited for both of them to leave before he let himself go. He wasn’t about to get caught all because he made a noise. That would just destroy everything that he had worked for. However, he needed to see John... He had a plane to catch that night and he was terrified he wouldn’t come back – he was always terrified he wouldn’t come back, but if anything was keeping him alive... it was John.
John hummed and kept moving his head happily. He pulled away and picked up the naked Sherlock as he stumbled into the bedroom. They collapsed on the bed and then John stubbed his toe, he groaned in pain and whined, “Fuck!”
They chatted about life for the next couple of hours and for that time John just forgot... and it was glorious.
anyway there is probably only one more chapter left!! oh my gosh!!! i'm crying! THis one will be the first one i finish and i have loved the journey so far! peace guys!
Weeks passed and things started to fall into a routine for them. They solved cases, went out to eat, and watched crap telly together. On days when they didn’t have a case John would make Sherlock clean his messes or they would take a walk together. He would listen to Sherlock play his violin at three in the morning and everything just felt like... home... and that terrified him.
“Sherlock!! I’m in my pants! Don’t push me out… Talk to me.” He took his hand and held it. He wasn’t about to let Sherlock kick him out of the house with nowhere to go in only his pants. He at least needed to get dressed first! It was cold outside and he was sure to catch his death if he went out in just his pants.
Okay so the next chapter does talk about suicide and death... And it has a lot of death in it. If you are not comfortable with that.. Maybe end here now! but thank you guys so much for reading!! (: and for those who continue to read! (:
“No! Please! Let me just talk. That’s all I want, is to talk. You can kick me out later!” The person pleaded.
He bought as many flowers as he could push in a trolley, because somehow he managed to convince the store manager to let him take the trolley home – most likely because he looked like a miserable sod, but if this man was going to pity him and give him a trolley then so be it. He paid for the many flowers he got and then started to make his way to Sherlock's old home, he supposed it used to be his old home as well. Many memories in that house – good and bad. It honestly seemed like a life time ago…
papers! He was working on a case, but you're too stupid to know that! Don't. Fucking. Touch. Them!" He growled and then flinched because his head was pounding, oh yelling… yelling was not a good thing.
He stomped down the pavement not really paying attention to anything – not really caring. He was angry and lost in thought and he certainly didn’t know where he was going, but he found that he honestly didn’t care about where he ended up or what he would do. Sadly, he didn’t get very far when all of a sudden someone was pulling him into a small alleyway and slamming him up against the wall. John yelped in surprise and then groaned in pain as the shockwaves coursed through his body. He took a steadying breath and squeezed his eyes shut, “Wallet... left pocket.” He grumbled some and sighed, but then his body stiffened when he felt a cold metal blade on his neck. What the fuck, why would that even happen? He literally just told his mugger where the money was, why did he need to kill him? John hadn’t even seen him for Christ’s sake!
Claire opened the door and looked around the room. She didn’t want to go in his bedroom... maybe she would just sleep on the couch and wait until the morning for him to come round. They had probably already finished their activities, John had fallen asleep, and the girl had left – thus resulting in the door being unlocked. She sighed and walked straight ahead to the couch that they had, but when she turned around and sat down she saw that John was passed out on the kitchen floor and covered in his own vomit. Her eyes widened and she ran across the room, kneeling down to him and pressing her fingers against his neck to feel for a pulse.
Sherlock sniffled a bit and leaned into his brother’s touch, normally he would move away, but he wanted the comfort. He looked incredibly young… but then of course he was young, even if he didn’t act like it at times. “I snuck into a crime scene today and told them who murdered the victim and they just laughed at me!! And now… now when I need him most John left!”
Sherlock doesn’t stop. He kisses down his neck and tugs at his shirt. He wants him – no, he needs him... and he needs John to see that it’s okay to let go and to be with him.
John ran around the garden taking in each flower. He ran up to a patch of beautiful pink stargazer lilies and smelled one. He looked over at Sherlock and smiled. “These are my favourite.”
garden. He kept crying and screaming and he felt so empty, but then there were hands on his shoulders and a voice telling him to stop.
“No! It’s not!! They can run around in the giant backyard that we will have and then at night they can all sleep in our room! And we would be old so if we had to get up to go to the bathroom the cats would guide us!” He sniffled.
Mycroft dropped his hand and glared. "I happened to be respecting your privacy! Anyway, John's still asleep. Wake him up and get ready for school!"
John sat in class twirling his pencil around his finger, waiting for Sherlock to come through the door and take his seat in the middle of the classroom. The bell rang and Sherlock wasn’t there and John knew that he wouldn’t be making an appearance…. God, he felt like a prick, but he had to do it. He sighed and listened to the teacher, until someone poked him in the ribs. He jumped, but was able to keep quiet and looked at the culprit, which of course happened to be Brian. He sighed and turned his head to look at him. “Yes?”
John swallowed hard as he saw Sherlock stiffen, “nothing... and no. I’m not shagging Sherlock. Don’t know if you’ve lot noticed, but we haven’t exactly been talking.” He mumbled, they probably had noticed, but out of respect for their relationship decided not to say anything.
“That is untrue. I gave you a blow job two weeks ago.” He narrowed his eyes and pushed John away a bit as he returned to his microscope.
HELLO FROM THE OTHER SIDE. I MUST HAVE CALLED A THOUSAND TIMES. TO TELL YOU, YOU REALLY NEED TO LEAVE THAT COMMENT.
John swallowed hard and then just broke down crying. He couldn't possibly tell you how long he cried for, but eventually the sun started to come up and John had to go back. He walked into the flat and Sherlock was there.
AHAHAHH ME FROM THE FUTURE: PAST WHITNEY IF YOU HAD JUST GOTTEN A MAC NONE OF YOUR COMPUTER PROBLEMS WOULD HAVE EVER HAPPEN. #LoveMyMac #AppleForever
“I don’t like labelling people because I find it very degrading and just because a woman likes to sleep with a lot of men does not make her a slut, but I can tell just from looking at her that she only wants one thing from you and once she gets it she’s going to leave. Maybe not right away... she’ll probably stay the night and then try to slip away in the wee hours of the morning and if you wake to see her she’ll just tell you that she has to go to work, but she’ll call you and then you will never hear from her again.” She sighed, “I’m not... I’m not saying that one night stands are bad, John, I’m just saying that a one night stand is going to destroy you. You are in no way ready to sleep with someone else and I fear that you will back track. You’ve come so far and I’m so proud of you, don’t throw it away because some girl wants to get in your pants and you think that sounds like a brilliant idea. Also you’re gay so the fact you’re even considering this should tell you that you only want her because she is a blond, short woman, with perky breasts, and a light airy voice. The exact opposite of Sherlock.” She sighed again and looked at him, she knew he would be angry at her, but she couldn’t let him destroy what he had worked so hard on.
