Sherlock frowned for a moment, contemplating. He was still carefully piecing together the perfect collar in his mind's eye - not that it was going to be anything ornate, by far, but it was important that he choose just the right shade and texture of brown leather, just the perfect type of metal for the fittings. It had to be
... I'll love it." He purred again, rubbing his face against Sherlock's shoulder as his Alpha caressed his belly. "That's better... thank you, love," he breathed, kissing him sweetly as he pulled his clothing back down. "Scotland Yard next, I think? Lestrade first. He'll be happy for us... then Donovan and Anderson. I can't
The broken, lustful moan Sherlock's words and actions drew from John reverberated around the bathroom and easily reached the ears of their guests where they sat in the living room. "Maybe we should come back later," Victor offered delicately, his face tinged a little with pink. "No, angel, it's alright," Oliver said steadily before Mrs Hudson could speak. He lay a hand on Victor's knee, stroking with his thumb. "He wants us to hear it. Remember how I was with you just after you had the twins? We can let him have this." The golden-haired Alpha smiled fondly at his mate, eyes crinkling with kindness and warmth, and Victor nodded shyly, laying his hand over his mate's. Mrs Hudson sipped her tea.
"Just a few more," Sherlock agreed, giving Felix another tickle that made him shriek with laughter, lifting him to blow a raspberry on his tummy. Keeping the pup close and in his arms still, he moved to kneel next to John, purring deeply. "Then we'll all go to the park," he reminded the babies, kissing Felix's cheek, "bundle you up again and take you out in your special prams. We're all going to have a lovely time out in the sunshine." Inwardly, the Alpha was beginning to feel a bit nervous; they'd never properly taken the pups out since their birth. He could already feel the instinct to protect tugging at him as he thought of non-pack members anywhere near his growing family.
visible, he purred, leaning in to Sherlock's hands. "I definitely want us to keep Baker Street. It can be our sanctuary... For some private time when the children are with babysitters, or if you have to be in London for a case it can be your crash pad. Yes, Mrs Hudson first, but for God’s sake let's tell everyone else the same day because you know she won't be able to keep it to herself," he smiled fondly. "Then Lestrade. I'll tell Molly... I think it's best if I do that one alone. Mycroft can be the
"Perhaps," Sherlock purred, but something stirred in his heart at John's distress - he wanted all those things with John, he always had- but he had been so sure John didn't want them. Now he didn't know what John wanted, but it didn't matter. John had asked for it, starting things by rubbing his scent everywhere, and Sherlock was well intent on finishing the mess the Omega had begun.
Lestrade gasped softly, both in shock and pleasure. To be invited to join a pack was a great honour, and the idea of being allowed to be family to the young Alpha he'd spent so many years watching out for, to be a family member to his pups - it was heartwarming. "Thank you," he said earnestly, smiling a little. "But I don't need any time to think about it." His smiled widened at the slight frown that crossed Sherlock's face, quickly adding "Of course I'll join your pack. Take a few days with John, get him settled, and give me a call when you're ready for the scenting." He grinned at the other Alpha before leaving, locking the front door carefully behind him.
Sherlock's lips parted in surprise and desire, his pupils dilating wide; barely visible in the dark, a deep blush spread across his cheekbones, as his erection pressed uncomfortably hard against the fabric of his trousers. He cupped John's breasts in both hands, caressing them greedily as he captured his mate's lips. He pulled back when John whined into the kiss, his hand finding John's under the lapel, pushing back the fabric and the material of the bra to reveal one plump, erect nipple, leaking a steady stream of creamy milk. The Alpha bit back a moan as the milky scent overwhelmed him, John releasing markers that begged the Alpha to suck, to relieve him. Sherlock teased the nipple, rolling the plump nub between his fingers, inhaling sharply as the milk leaked more freely and John mewled. His mate's desperation getting the better of him, he dipped his head without a second thought, taking the entire nipple in his mouth and beginning to drink greedily, warm milk flooding his mouth as he immediately began to take large gulps from the overfull breast.
Pushing closer and nuzzling his mate's jaw, the Omega purred quietly as he felt their babies move inside him. "Yours," he murmured softly, "all yours. Love you." He sent love and contentment through the bond, smiling to himself as he continued to fawn over his Alpha, licking his scent gland and peppering his collarbone with kisses; he wanted Sherlock to know that he had forgiven him for breeding him during his microheat, that he
, and more love. He stroked the bump as the babies began to move, feeling the love their daddy had sent.
The Alpha looked up as John began to shift, keeping a watchful eye on his mate as the Omega turned onto his back to nurse their newest arrival. When Percival was safely in the arms of his mother, Sherlock ensured that the bucket was next to the nest for the delivery of the placenta before cosying up to his mate. "You did beautifully," he rumbled, sliding an arm around John's ample waist. His hand rested on the soft upswell of John's middle, rubbing soothing circles. "Absolutely perfect. They're all perfect. You're perfect," he murmured, continuing his praises as he kissed along the Omega's neck. "I'm unspeakably proud of you... So strong - and so incredibly hot..."
"Mmm," John agreed, smiling stupidly. "I can picture it now... Thirteen cribs all lined up. We can paint their names above their cribs so we know who's who... Maybe assign each baby a colour? Burgundy, cherry, pink, orange, sunflower yellow, lemon, emerald, mint, navy, cobalt, baby blue, violet and lavender. We'll be able to tell what belongs to each baby then... And we'll need lots of bathrooms," he realised, suddenly fearful of how difficult it would be to raise thirteen children all at once, logistically, emotionally and physically. What if he couldn't do it? What if he wasn't good enough?
The colour deepened from Sherlock's cheeks as he looked up, watching the two appreciatively. "Perhaps another day," he finally replied, "We have plans to attend the breeding show shortly. But if you accelerate her next pregnancy as you did this one, I feel it won't be long before we'll have another chance to take you up on your offer... I quite enjoy a breeder in labour myself." He caressed the curve of John's jaw as his knot began to deflate, massaging it gently to ease the transition.
John mewled in shock as Sherlock's teeth sank deep into his neck, whimpering at the sudden pain. "Yours!" he cried weakly, not realising why Sherlock was acting like this. "Yours Sherlock, only yours, always yours... ah!" He cried out as Sherlock bit him again, possessive and leaving marks. "Sherlock, what - why - ?"
"Never in a million years," John replied honestly, gazing at him. "You were always so careful around me, left as soon as possible whenever I went into heat... it was too easy to assume you didn't want me. You always seemed so... dismissive, of the idea of having pups, you always tried to be better than your animal instinct demanded, I never thought you'd bond or breed with
for my liking." He met John's eyes, fully aware of the mirth his mate must have been feeling at his loss of composure.
When the car pulled up to the inconspicuous residence, the Alpha nearly sprinted inside, pausing in the doorway for a brief second as he caught sight of his mate, before moving forward and eagerly gathering him close - actually picking up the pregnant Omega so that John lay in his arms as he began to nuzzle him. He sniffed at him carefully, wrinkling his nose. "You smell bad," he stated with a teasing smile, his eyes flicking up to meet those of his brother's, "but I'm glad for it."
Sherlock's lips parted slightly as he considered the question, his icy blue gaze fixed seriously on his Omega. "Sometimes, I suppose," he began slowly, "However... I have faith in our capabilities as a pair. It will certainly be a challenge, yes, to raise thirteen - and then more - and give them all equal time, attention, and care, but I am confident we can manage it somehow. I would not have given you so many had I not had the instinct we would also be able to care adequately for them all." He reached up to gently stroke John's cheek, giving the Omega a soft smile.
Sherlock blinked, swallowing. "That is... a very long story, and not a question I think you really want an answer to. .... Or perhaps you do," he sighed as John looked at him. "Very well." Sherlock had spoken to no one about the details of his travels since his return. Mycroft knew a good deal of what had happened to him, of course, but the elder Alpha was prudent enough not to raise the topic with his brother. The young detective was flighty at best if the topic were broached in normal conversation - though he'd actually hissed at Anderson when the man had prodded him for details. "You know, of course," he began slowly, "the bare minimum: that I spent my time abroad dismantling Moriarty's network of crime..."  The Alpha continued on, relaying each step of his journey, each decision taken, each case solved. He spoke of his journeys from Tibet, to New Delhi, to Germany. He'd been to South and North America, Australia - the world over. Sherlock, to his own surprise, found the more personal side of his travels slipping in beside the facts - the aching loneliness of the years, speaking to his absent friend aloud, nightmares, psychological effects of weeks or months on the run, of willingly or unwillingly finding himself caught, beaten, tortured.  After telling of the final, bloody events of his imprisonment in Serbia, the last stop in his travels before he was retrieved by Mycroft, he fell abruptly silent. "And that's it," he said after a moment, "What I was 'up to.'"
The pressure of his touch was firm enough to be pleasurable, but not dragging or painful. The Alpha was careful to keep his motions steady, gradually building the stimulation.
This chapter contains scenes of highly dubious-looking consent, to the point that it almost/could look non-con. It isn't *really* non-con but it does look that way at first so if that will trigger you, skip the first section and pick up after the timeskip.
John moaned and spread his legs wider, arching his back as Sherlock's cock rubbed relentlessly over his prostate. It didn't take long before he was crying out and clamping down around his Alpha's thick member, keening through his orgasm as the triplets began to move.
"My wife and I," he continued, his eyes only for John in that moment as he beamed, his heart swelling with pride at uttering the words for the first time, "Are so pleased to have you all here to celebrate with us today. We understand that very little of this holds to traditional practices, but we have never been a traditional couple. We do, however, apologize that there will be no dancing tonight. I look forward to sharing a first dance with my lovely wife, but as our thirteen pups are making their presence more obviously known with each passing day, the moment will have to wait. In all hope, the murder mystery play will more than make up for the lack of the usual activities. I will not be actively participating myself, but I wish you all the best of luck. Thank you."
"You could have this, you know. A relationship like mine with Sherlock's," John replied quietly. "He respects me as his equal because I have my own mind, my own opinions - I've seen enough of the world that I've learned how to stand up for myself, how to hold my own in an argument, to form my own opinions and views. It seems scary, I know - it's so easy to feel lost when you're pushed out of your depth. I was horribly homesick when I left home for university and the army, but I came out the other side as a stronger person, a better person. Our pack will always support and care for you - and you don't have to stay here to help with these pups, I don't want you trapped here thinking you must help us. We'll be happy knowing you're happy. You're obviously very clever - Mycroft has been telling me how your tutors can't keep up with you," he praised, "so if you've found a subject you love, maybe going to university would be good for you - study it in more depth, meet more people your own age who love it too. The world is your oyster, Remington, and you know what? I think you can show Siger exactly how wrong he was about you. Prove that he was an idiot by being all you can be." He reached out to stroke the boy's hair, reaffirming their pack bond.
John replied simply,
He smiled,
Applause filled the room once more as Sherlock stood, the groom notably paler than the proud, flushed man who had just led his new bride back down the aisle. He cleared his throat softly, his cheeks draining of what little colour they had left as his audience quieted. All eyes gazed expectantly on the Alpha.
Instantly John shuffled forward on his knees, unbuttoning Sherlock's shirt and tugging it off his shoulders as if he could think of nothing better than to have his Alpha bare and proud in front of him. When he came to his mate's trousers he couldn't hold back a moan of pure want at how taut the fabric was pulled across Sherlock's throbbing erection; although he ached to take it in his hand, stroke and squeeze it, kiss it, lick it, rub himself against it and worship it, John forced himself to only do what he had been ordered, and undressed the Alpha without reaching for what he wanted. He tugged Sherlock's trousers and pants as far down as he could and waited while his mate rolled onto his back before removing them completely, folding them neatly and piling them at the end of the bed. His task finished, he basked in the satisfaction of having completed his order and waited with a dazed little smile for his next, hands resting on his enormous belly.
"Love it when you beg for me like this," Sherlock grunted, "Know how much you need my cock. You're so full, John, and only going to get fuller-" He smeared John's semen over the glistening round globe of the Omega's stomach, working his mate's own release into his skin. "Fuck, you're so round, so beautiful- can't wait until you get even bigger, so huge with my pups you can't move-" He thrust faster and faster, rapidly nearing his own climax, "You'll want my cock in you all the time- beg for me to fill you and milk you and feed you- oh fuck- ohhh-!" The Alpha's hands splayed wide over the Omega's belly as he came hard, pumping John full of his seed. Semen began to leak from John's hole as Sherlock worked himself through his own climax, taking his mate's small cock in his hand to bring him to his second climax.
he sent through the bond, not quite sure he could get words out even if he wasn't passionately kissing his Alpha,
"Please," John whined, Sherlock's hands cupping him making his milk even more insistent on leaking. "I'm so close to leaking. I've got pads in my bra to catch it but I - I'm so full, Sherlock, I - oh god," he breathed hotly, "too late. I'm leaking already. I can feel it, Sherlock, I'm
"I don't understand, but I will trust you," he said, his tone still one of confusion. Back before he and John had bonded, he had accepted the idea that John would never want him, even though it had hurt him terribly; it was the only logical course of action - why hadn't Molly done something similar? It didn't make sense to the genius, but the pathologist was no competition to their bond, and he trusted John's judgement, so he accepted the request without further complaint or injury. He turned his brain instead to the puzzle of their children's sexes. "You said you thought seven boys and six girls...," he mused, cocking his head and considering as he breathed in John's scent, "I would guess... nine boys, four girls. But truthfully, we cannot know," he added, though he was truly uncertain whether the Omega really could sense it.
. He let his heavy guilt flow through the bond to show the Omega that it was nothing wrong with him, that Sherlock wasn't rejecting him, that he didn't see him as used or tainted.
Emily growled as Brendan began to plead more desperately for her cock. "Shhh, pretty," she cooed, "let me take care of you... Let me take the hurt away." She smoothed an appreciative palm over his backside, feeling the underlying plumpness which betrayed his previous litters, and lined herself up with the other hand. "So ready for your pack, aren't you? Ready to carry our pups again?" Brendan squealed and nodded feverishly, rocking his hips in a desperate effort to impale himself on Emily's cock, but the breeding stand held him firmly in place and he could do nothing but kneel and wait to be bred. "Alright, my sweet, let's see how many you can give us," Emily purred, gripping the Omega's hip and pushing in.
Sherlock continued to drink his fill, holding his beloved mate close.
The Omega continued to fuck himself vigorously on the toy, his face open and trusting as he kept his eyes locked on his Alpha. He licked his lips and moaned brokenly when the toy swelled a little further inside him, stretching him, making him ready and open to take his mate's enormous member.
Sherlock picked Benedict up, cradling the upset pup close to his chest as he whispered sweet words to him. The baby shot his uncle a suspicious glare as his father soothed him, but both Alphas knew that he would forget his hard feelings in a matter of minutes, though his over-attachment to Sherlock could linger for a few hours. Alistair sucked contently on his thumb as he watched his auburn-haired brother receive tender care from their father; the navy-clad pup was happy enough just to be by his father's side, one fist still clutching Sherlock's trousers strongly. Viola moved along Sherlock's thigh and flopped against Alistair, giggling before mimicking her brother's position.
His slow thrusts began to pick up pace as he recovered further from the laziness of their brief rest. Reward or no, he fully intended to use John to his limit; the Omega would be given release, but only after the Alpha had taken him hard once more. He had gentle sex with John on a regular basis; subspace was a rare treat.
. He slid his hands into Sherlock's hair and attacked his mouth again with a heated passion, undulating his swollen belly against the Alpha's enormous cock.
?" John admonished gently. "I have someone in mind, we served together in Afghanistan. He got back last week, six months of leave. As for rings... I have an idea... I saw some in a shop a while back, look like plain silver, but hidden inside the band there's a tiny saw blade and lock pick... They'll probably come in handy and it'd be our little secret," he grinned. "If you want something more... traditional, we could have some custom designed instead?"
to make it right, you'd have let me leave you and take our babies without a word of protest if that's what I wanted. You really thought I'd do it, you thought I'd hate you - and you went through the agony of believing that our bond was shattered for hours while you cared for me. I don't need to punish you for it, because nothing I could have done would have made you feel worse than that. If you want punishment, then remember I won't be letting you collar me again for a while, and obviously Pendleton's is off the cards until we're comfortable with collaring again." He traced a circle around the Alpha's hardening nipple with his tongue, humming a little as he sucked it gently before planting an open-mouthed kiss on his chest.
John cooed softly and leaned more heavily against Sherlock, sending a strong pulse of adoration through the bond.
Both Omegas purred in response, the Alpha’s approval satisfying their instincts and making them feel safer. With John deep in subspace, it was easy to slip into fantasy; they could have been packmates, caring for one another while being guarded by the Alpha who had bred them both, and the thought made the club Omega moan softly in arousal.
love hearing about them too," he added, his voice husky. He couldn't help it; thinking about his brilliant detective husband in action always got him going. Clearing his throat, he settled into the armchair beside the bed to rest his aching back. Without conscious thought his hands began running compulsively over his swollen belly, settling the pups within and reaffirming his Alpha's ownership; he didn't notice his eyes glazing over a little at the sensation.
Sherlock could see that John's stomach was already swollen outwards just a little, the effect more as if he had recently had a bit too much to eat rather than looking truly pregnant; even so, the evidence that his mate's womb was preparing for their babies' growth filled him with a strong sense of pride, and John's words made him purr. Instead of rubbing his Omega through the fabric of his jumper, he gently lifted John's shirt, moving his hand to gently massage the skin of the soft belly beneath. He hummed in contentment, nuzzling John's temple and draping his arm around his mate's shoulder once again. "And you are paradoxically headstrong and submissive... I love it. I wouldn't have it any other way - Omegas who constantly cower behind their Alphas are boring." He moved his hand over the swell softly, "You're going to get so big, so soon. I can't wait."
Sherlock rubbed the Omega's enormous side, thinking enough to dip another towel in hot water to prepare for the next child. He purred loudly as John contracted and pushed, dipping his head and nuzzling the area where his children would continue to emerge. He was happy his mate had their first little boy to concentrate on, the baby snug in a clean nappy and knit burgundy cap even as John's womb tightened and undulated to force out more of his siblings. Each pup would be scented, nursed, and dressed a nappy and one of the hats Mrs Hudson had knitted for them, then lay on the bed beside their mother; by the time all was said and done, the couple would have a nest full of squirming and sleeping tredecuplets, babies replacing the space John's enormous womb had previously occupied.
John grunted and shook with his orgasm, Sherlock's cock twitching inside him sending him into another wave of bliss. When he finally came down from his high he cupped his Alpha's cheek with a gentle hand and stroked his cheek with his thumb, purring softly. He sent love through their bond, sweet and submissive. "Did you think about me that night too?" he asked tentatively, still smiling to let his mate know whatever he said was just fine.
"Ahhhh, Christ, Sherlock, yes, yours, all yours, always and only yours... want to swell so huge with your babies, I want a whole litter of them... you set my heat off early, my body wants your babies Sherlock, ohhhh god..." He screamed in bliss as Sherlock bit him. "Knot me, please, knot me, now, please, I need it, impregnate me, fill me with your brood, plug me full of your come," he mewled, nuzzling his Alpha's shoulder.
John's screams and submissive cries urged Sherlock on, making him fuck the Omega harder, faster, slamming his cock in so hard that fluid spurted and leaked from John's abused hole. "Mine, mine... You
Sherlock remembered well how angry he'd been; he'd actually been willing to contact Mycroft to properly trace and shut down the ring, and to take all the Omega victims they could possibly find into care and private treatment. He'd always been sensitive to Omega mistreatment, even before he met John; it was one of the vilest breeds of crimes the Alpha had dealt with, in his own opinion. It was part of the reason he'd been so willing to let John go, after the incident - if he had mistreated his Omega, had caused his spouse to feel abused or used against his will, then the consulting detective had become the most despicable kind of criminal, worth less than the rankest sewage. Back at the crime scene John spoke of, Sherlock's instinct had been strong - having another Omega with him, possibly in danger - all he knew was that he needed to protect. He'd been stone-faced the entire way home, his thought kept distinctly away from anything other than keeping John safe.
"I love you too," John murmured back, happily pushing his face into his Alpha's neck, lapping submissively at his scent gland. He let his eyes slide shut and began to purr, tentatively at first, but growing louder as he felt the love pushing through the bond - not enough to disturb the guests, but enough for Sherlock to hear it. Soon he was purring steadily, a metronome of contented rumbling bracketed by soft inhales, ignoring the murder mystery entirely in favour of cuddling up to his Alpha, pawing lightly at his chest. He relaxed by degrees, pushing strong bursts of love and happiness through the bond, letting Sherlock know he felt better, and gradually grew more comfortable. His purring became mingled with grunting little snores as he fell asleep, and by the time the lights came back up he was fast asleep against his mate's shoulder, still clinging to his jacket, a blissful, peaceful smile on his face.
I owe you while I can still fit in your lap and we can tell him tomorrow..." He cupped his breasts to mark his point, kneading them a little until small beads of milk formed and dripped down onto his belly.
Mycroft's eyes widened. Sherlock was offering to share John with him - offering to share the comfort of nursing, to share the Omega's rich, creamy milk. He crawled into the crook of John's other arm with a grateful purr, nuzzling his other breast, and latched on with a blissful sigh, suckling quietly as he rested his head against the Omega's shoulder. John tightened his arms around the two of them, purring softly. "That's it... so good." He kissed Sherlock's forehead, then Mycroft's, watching with a fond smile as the pack Alpha reached a hand out over the curve of his pregnant belly so he could hold hands with his brother as they nursed.
He glanced up as the doorbell rang and cuddled Sherlock closer, greatly enjoying his Alpha using him as a pillow, and relaxed a little as Mycroft's voice came through from the hall. "I have brought the rest of the pack with me," he called, approaching the doorway. Beatrice waited obediently in the lounge, along with Catherine and Remington; Mycroft had been pleased when they had accepted him as pack Alpha, not just because Remington was his half-brother, but because Beatrice and Catherine had become something like sisters to each other, helping each other deal with Siger's awful moods and occasional violence. Now that they had left the Holmes estate, Mycroft had been able to find the three of them a spacious townhouse together, and the arrangement was working excellently. Catherine and Beatrice had come to rely on each other, so the mutual support did them both good; Remington was slowly improving away from Siger's negative influence and derision of Omega males as worthless.
Sherlock paused his work for a moment before looking up at his older brother. "You did your best," he said softly, "you made sure I could remember what Christmas even was. And now I can do the same for my children. I will make sure they never spend a Christmas sad." The pups would likely only care about the attention and pretty lights and decorations - and Mycroft was right, they wouldn't remember - but Sherlock didn't care. Every holiday would be as incredible as he could make it. And he had his pack's help.
Sherlock's thighs trembled as he continued to thrust, driving in to the hilt each time, his heavy balls slapping against the Omega's arse, another stark physical reminder of his potency.
"That's a brilliant idea, John," Sherlock praised, but his smile fell as he sensed his mate's discomfort. "....John?" he questioned, turning his mate to look at him. He ran his hands gently over his mate's shoulders. "Tell me what you're thinking about."
he sent gently,
to do the rounds. John needed to rest, to eat, to stay close and safe and alone with Sherlock instead of making insipid small talk with their guests. And John definitely shouldn't have to eat re-heated food on their wedding day. "Can't...," he began, disagreeing with the suggestion but wanting to please his mate, "Can't we stay here for now? You've had a shock; it's no good for you to be moving around so. And our food is still warm. You... you can let me feed you now, and we can make the rounds when the play is finished. And I promise I won't ever let you go." He gently unclenched on of John's hands from his lapels and twined their fingers together. "Promise. Please, my wife?"
pounds
His belly warped visibly as the pups kicked and rolled and John begged through the bond for permission to purr, only giving in to the impulse when Sherlock gave verbal permission. Soon, under his Alpha's instructions, John had finished off the second drink too, and he huffed as he lumbered out of the bath with his mate's help. At the snap of Sherlock's fingers the servant waddled back into the bathroom, fetching them two towels from the warming rack as if they were too important even to reach for their own.
Growing up it had never occurred to John that he might seek pleasure with another Omega; he wasn't gay, he always insisted, he liked Alphas, but he found himself becoming steadily more needy and lustful as his session with the servant continued. He slid his tongue into the other Omega's mouth, hands pressing into his back to hold him as close as possible, before snaking a hand under the curve of his belly and starting to play with the other man's straining erection and delicate little bollocks. They felt so different from his Alpha's enormous cock and permanently swollen testicles that John gasped out loud, his face flushing a little from the almost taboo sensation of such intimacy. His mate's approval coursing through the bond kept him bold, however, and he kissed a trail down the servant's neck to lap at his throat, as close to his scent gland as he could get without licking the man's collar.
Information flashed up onto the screens in the room, informing the patrons that the blond's name was Martin, his brown-haired brother was called Anthony, and their packmate was called Leo.
John felt his milk draining, Remington still nursing at his other breast, so he invited Catherine forward again to empty him completely. She came willingly, nuzzling and curling against him, humming as she latched on and suckled, reaching over the curve of John's belly to hold hands with her son as they drank, Lestrade snuggling up with Beatrice against Mycroft's chest, resting against their pack leader.
Sherlock stilled his hand on John's belly, cupping the gravid mound, keeping John close against him, controlling the speed of his thrusts just enough to keep the Omega at the edge. He growled and nipped playfully at John's neck when his mate whined needily. The Alpha moved his touch down farther, splaying his fingers over John's groin, the Omega's hard cock bobbing obscenely between his long fingers without the relief of his touch. He began to move just a little faster, building slowly to both their climaxes, suckling seductively at John's scent gland as the Omega groaned in desperation.
suddenly heavy in the air. "You know I can never resist when you beg so prettily," he rumbled, looking up from his Omega's chest with dark eyes. He moved up John's body, but paused suddenly before their lips met, a small smirk playing across his lips. "However," he murmured thoughtfully, "Our children are growing quite large. I know how much they've been keeping you hungry. You might want a second breakfast before we continue, yes?" He grinned as John mewled in disappointment, the Omega opening his eyes to look at him in sad confusion. "Don't worry, my love, you're coming with me. I think I'll need your
Sherlock reassured him,
until he has all of them with him and secure. Trust me. This isn't you doing us a favour letting us have the pups. If you want to treat your patient, you're going to need to let him see his children."
"Yours," John whimpered submissively, his heat fading fast now he'd conceived, the air clearing of scent. He knew Sherlock's knot would go down soon, now conception had been achieved and the hormones were fading. "We'll be able to find out in eight short weeks how many we're having of each... I have a feeling we're having more boys than girls. Seven sons and six daughters," he purred, nuzzling Sherlock. He leaned back, looking at Sherlock warily. "But this is the only brood I'm having, alright? Thirteen children is quite enough," he smiled.
"The bite is actually the origin of rank stripes in the armed forces," he murmured, cradling Miles and Alistair. "It's a sign that the marked Alpha has a close, loving bond with the pack leader, that they
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John, pulling him as close as his mate's bulging belly would allow. "It's perfect, my Omega," he smiled, reassuringly stroking Johns back and pressing an adoring kiss to John's bondmark, then to his lips. "You've done well." Sitting his mate down on the bed, he moved to a corner of the nest and retrieved another paper bag filled with fabrics; nearly all the material all smelled of the Alpha, and he presented each item for John to scent and place on the mattress where he would. Soon, the bed was covered in more cosy fabric; soft fleece and flannel sheets and pillows lay everywhere, several of Sherlock's old button-up shirts and John's worn-out jumpers thrown into the mix. It was haphazard but perfect.
"Be quiet Mycroft," John ordered evenly and without malice, the pack leader obeying bashfully with a look of surprised embarrassment. The tone of the Omega's voice and brooked no refusal, Captain Watson unmistakeable in every syllable. Although John was lounging on a sofa, two pups suckling at his breasts while the rest of the litter lay draped across their parents, the evidence of his newest pregnancy immediately obvious, he radiated calm authority, and the Alphas knew better than to growl and posture. "We are going to talk about what happened last week and we are going to do it on my terms. Sherlock has already apologised - profusely - and I know I will be getting apologies from both of you as well. That can wait. I know what happened, and why, and I'm not interested in sitting around holding hands and talking about our feelings," the Alphas looked somewhat relieved at this, "but I do want to know what it changed between us as a pack. That's important." Sharing an Omega was supposed to strengthen the bonds between Alphas, as well as making them feel more protective of the Omega, fonder towards them; John only wanted to know how things stood between the group now. "So let's start with you then, Mycroft."
as the syringe was set down upon the floor, the sound of its rolling lost in Moriarty's renewed pleas. "
hadn't wanted to be bred growing faint under the demand of his hormones.
Emily growled loudly, her cock already fully hard as she rubbed it against the breeder's thigh. "Get him in the stand," she instructed Leo and Martin, "I'll fucking knot right here if I wait much longer... Christ, he's so ready for it..." In under a minute the mewling Omega was strapped in to the breeding stand, his neck held in place by a thick leather collar, his knees and wrists bound to the frame. His legs were spread wide, his leaking hole exposed and vulnerable. Leo, Martin, and Anthony moved to surround the Omega's head, stroking his hair and shoulders and murmuring to him. As pack leader, Emily would breed him first.
Sherlock circled his tongue slowly around the Omega's puckered entrance, before placing his lips over the tight opening. He suckled gently at first, creating pressure on the sensitive skin, then opened his mouth just the slightest bit more. The Alpha dragged his teeth across the rosy, pink flesh as another wave of slick gushed from John's hole. It splashed over Sherlock's tongue, filling his mouth and dribbling obscenely down his chin. He growled deeply as he was overwhelmed, the delicious, heady taste of
manage just a few more bites... but I think you'll have to feed me. I need both hands to soothe your pups... they know their daddy's touch. They're moving like mad," he purred, stroking soothing circles into the round flesh. "But we'd better be careful... you wouldn't want my navel to pop right here, would you? Then everyone would
Lestrade heard a quiet whimper from Remington and gave an enquiring rumbling purr. When the young Omega turned to look at him and the DI saw the ghost of his past distress, he handed Blake to Beatrice and beckoned Remington over with one hand, letting the boy curl up in his lap to nuzzle against his chest. They were pack now, family, and Lestrade hated to see him so upset. He petted Remington's hair, letting him ground himself in the scent of an Alpha of his pack, letting him feel the warm affection flowing through the pack bond. Mycroft took a little more time to scent Arthur Amadeus, chuckling as the tiny Alpha yawned and burrowed into him, going to sleep and stubbornly refusing to wake up again. Remington calmed quickly and rubbed his head under Lestrade's chin, as Sherlock had during the pack scenting, and returned to his own seat, smiling as his mother handed Imogen to him.
John sighed in relief as his Alpha entered him and clenched needily around the huge cock filling him, mewling contentedly as Sherlock latched on and drank from him, comforted by the gentle way Sherlock was fucking him. Once Anderson's repulsive scent had been entirely erased he relaxed, giving up more of his milk for Sherlock, hearing his growl and panting needily. "Yes... yes Sherlock, please, claim me like you want to, it's better now... pups are safe, oohhhhh, harder, please, need to feel you
He could
"I said, 'I've taken care of everything,'" Sherlock said, his eyebrows raised in mild interest, "And would you like something to tide you over before our guests arrive? You ate quite a lot at breakfast this morning, but considering our recent exertions, I wouldn't be surprised if you were hungry again." He helped John into a chair and placed a sandwich on the plate in front of the Omega expectantly, not waiting for an answer. There were still dishes to be tended to, he thought, as he began to move expertly about the kitchen. Savoury aromas filled the air as he lifted the lid of each pot on the stove in turn, carefully stirring the contents of some while humming in satisfaction at others. The last was the cranberry sauce, which he'd left to the pressure cooker. Sherlock felt something niggling in the back of his brain, a curious misgiving, as he reached for the lid.
John purred, looking to his Alpha for approval, and when he saw how turned on his mate was, and felt encouragement flood through the bond, he grew bolder and leaned in to press a kiss to the servant's lips, lapping at them slightly to encourage him to open for John’s tongue.
, he sent huskily,
Eleven more yet to go. John's belly was still at an incredible size, though two pups smaller. Sherlock wetted another washcloth in hot water, in preparation for cleaning off the third baby. The Alpha was noticeably aroused, his erection unflagging since rutting against John earlier but now swollen even more as he watched his mate panting, John's womb so large it stretched nearly the length of the bed, the Omega heaving and birthing on his side like an animal. John was delivering their babies, and Sherlock was already feeling the desire to fill him with more, to keep him so swollen and heavy - but it was something more than that. He enjoyed seeing John's perineum bulge outwards as the pup descended, watching John's entrance part around a large head, the noises the Omega made as it happened shooting straight to his groin. The Alpha concentrated, biting back a moan as the next pup twisted its way out of John, crowning quickly. He cradled it as it emerged with a rush of fluid, the next few contractions sending it all but spilling into his waiting hands.
"Mmm," John hummed in agreement, "subspace eliminates the gag reflex entirely, and an Alpha's knot only expands in the space that's available so neither party gets injured... I obviously couldn't take your full knot, you'd break my jaw, but I can definitely take a decent-sized one... And yes, you can display me as much as you like when we go to the club," he finished, smiling almost shyly at his mate. "And yeah,
yet, ripe and plump and well-fed, so pliant and voluptuous and needy-"
The servant purred and stroked John, fondling and rubbing his breasts and belly while he fed, pinching his nipples lightly to increase and encourage the flow of milk; John’s eyes fluttered closed in pleasure and he felt his own pups kick happily in response.
Persephone blushed as her Alpha’s tender smile reasserted his permission. “Oh, Mycroft,” she murmured, deeply honoured. She looked down at the two girls nursing healthily at her teats, contemplative. “They’re strong,” she said proudly. “And beautiful. And certainly they have your intellect. ... Artemis and Athena. Our little goddesses,” she announced, looking back at her mate, seeking his approval. “I think you should name our boys, my love,” she asserted gently. As grateful as she was for the favour, she believed Mycroft deserved to fulfil part of the traditional role. The pups in Mycroft’s arms curled against him, content in the understanding that they were safe with their sire. One gave a big yawn, waving his chubby fist with the effort. “Tell me, what should we call the firstborn sons of the pack leader?”
Sensing his mate's mood shift, John pressed closer, purring submissively.
John grinned fondly as he watched their babies shift in their sleep, nuzzling against each other and flexing their little fingers against their father. He snapped a quick picture on his phone and picked up a book, keeping an eye on his exhausted mate to make sure none of the babies slipped off him; they'd had a long night, some of the pups unable to settle, and the Alpha needed the rest - besides which it was good for him to have close contact with his pups like this. Miles rubbed his cheek happily against his sire, mewling, and screwed his little face up, trying to purr. John couldn't help but melt at the sight, and quickly fetched the video camera from a nearby bookcase. It bleeped quietly as it began recording, but not enough to wake them. Keeping it focussed on his mate and their children he sat back in his armchair, watching them snuggle, and then, after a tiny sigh, Miles squeaked, hummed, and let out what was unmistakeably a small, tentative purr.
Sherlock gazed back at him, a tinge of sadness in his gaze, and felt his heart sink in reluctance. He'd already decided once for John, although he'd not consciously intended to. He didn't deserve to do so again, to tell his mate how to use his body. The Alpha found himself swallowing back against the guilt that curled darkly inside his chest. The knowledge that they were running out of time, too, hurt him; there were so few years left, so many potential children that had been lost while they waited. Each one remaining was a precious gift - John was right, he wanted them all to become their pups. If microheats were what it took, if they could never conceive in the perfect, consuming lust of a full heat again - he would willingly make the sacrifice if it meant meeting the rest of their babies. "I.. I want to see all of them..," he admitted at length through the churning swell of emotions, his voice barely a whisper as he looked searchingly into his mate's eyes, "All of our pups, John... Please..."
to let John on his crime scenes. The fact that he did meant John and Sherlock had a life together that had saved them both. It seemed fitting.
"We'll definitely need as much space as we can afford... I don't want to move too far outside London, though. Somewhere in the suburbs, so we can still get the train or the tube in to the city. How close we remain to the centre of London will really depend on how many bedrooms we can get for our budget," he said thoughtfully. "I don't really have any particular criteria other than lots of bedrooms, a decent sized garden and a big kitchen. We'll need one with a family of fifteen to feed..."
Sherlock shuddered and whimpered, obediently taking stronger pulls from the Omega's breast. John's changed scent was beginning to affect him. He pawed lightly at his mate's side, yet unable to muster the strength or willpower to wrap his arm fully around John.
"And lucky for me, my husband was out and about, giving me an excuse to go visit him," came another voice from the doorway. A second female Omega stepped into the room, her eyes bright and mischievous, her impressively pregnant belly bulging out in front of her. "I haven't been allowed a proper walk in months. Not that I have anything to complain about." With a pleased smile, she waddled heavily over to an astonished Mycroft. "Hello, Myc. Are you being a good big brother?"
. For now, anyway." John growled at him and reached for his mobile - "Tsk, tsk, did you really think I'm
Sherlock moaned lowly as his knot swelled, the base of his cock filling and engorging further as he watched John's belly expanding in front of him. He nipped his mate lightly in reproach for his attentions, but without malice; he still remembered his hurt. His eyes remained steadily on John as the Omega recoiled in shock, utter heartbreak written clearly on his mate's features. The Alpha gripped his John's chin, forcing him to meet his gaze. There was no question that John needed to know the full consequences of his transgression. When they knotted, all would be completely forgiven, but at that moment Sherlock pushed all of his feelings, all of his memory of the incident through the bond, from the pure love during nursing to the sharp, shattering pain of witnessing John's shame. He watched his Omega's face wordlessly throughout it all, suddenly purring lowly when he had finished. He held another strawberry to John's lips, closed his hand over his mate's and guided it over John's big, round belly.
John began to purr quietly in his sleep, a gentle rumble with each exhale, as the scent of his Alpha surrounded him and the man's warm body underneath him comforted him. No dreams invaded his sleep, and he rested well, his subconscious knowing he'd only have a few hours before the pups woke again; soon all thirteen would be mewling and crying for milk, the noise loud and piercing.
"Aahh!" John gasped in surprise and pleasure, his whole body jerking as a shiver ran up his spine. The buzz against his prostate, the extra stretch from the thickening toy, the lust-darkened expression on his Alpha's face, it all combined to push him even closer to his orgasm; not quite in subspace yet he knew he
When all were settled, the Alpha helped his mate lumber heavily back to their nest. No sooner had the doors closed behind them than the plush robe covering the Omega fell to the floor. They'd both washed before leaving the club, but John's heavy belly glowed in the soft light, quivering as it strained outwards with the weight of the pups. "Now," murmured Sherlock, letting his eyes roam as he lowered his mate onto the plush nest. He stripped quickly and climbed in behind him, his slender form curling tenderly around John's girth.
Something flickered behind the cold rage in the Alpha's eyes. "Put down your legs," he ordered evenly. The Omega's eyes widened with fear and something like hope; his breath came in ragged gasps, his whole body trembling violently as he began to obey, a few tears escaping and rolling down his cheeks as the movement further aggravated his injuries.
Just then, Arthur yawned loudly and flopped over on the floor, fingers flexing in the plush carpet as he got comfortable, and John smiled as an idea struck him.
"Engraving sounds good," John smiled. "I wasn't looking at rings exactly, I just happened to see those particular rings in that shop you sent me to buy you a Swiss Army knife, twelve feet of rope and a bottle of bleach just to see if the shop assistant would call the police," he grinned, remembering how peeved he'd been when he'd arrived home with his purchases to be told of their purpose. He kissed his Alpha sweetly and hesitantly on the lips, sensing his uncertainty but not knowing the reason behind it. "You know more about flowers than I do, so I'll leave those to you, yeah?"
John crooned as Sherlock lapped at the taut skin of his belly, petting his hair soothingly to shush his growls. "We don't have to leave the nest. Your brother could come here, just to the living room. Then if you want I really can parade naked in front of him," he smirked. "Or just pants and a vest. The pups are of his bloodline, he won't want to hurt them," he soothed, knowing his mate would want to guard him more jealously from now on, thinking they could leave the flat tomorrow if Sherlock didn't want to let him leave it again today. "Or," he smirked wider, "I could give you that
Alistair (navy) has sandy curls and blue-green eyes, and has Sherlock's nose.
- get enough... sometimes I considered -
The servant mewled helplessly, spreading his legs wider, and John felt it too; they needed to put their hands on each other, and soon they were writhing together frantically, struggling to stroke each other's lengths but being impeded by the massive bulk of their swollen bellies.
"I'm going to love showing you," he purred. "I can't believe you're still knotting me..." he clenched around him to prove his point. "My Alpha," he breathed contentedly into the crook of his neck. "Everyone will be able to smell our scents have mingled, that we've bonded. Only you will be able to scent our children in me though... I like that. It'll be our secret until we tell people. Can we go to bed now? Tomorrow might come sooner," he whispered, like a child waiting for Christmas.
"Do you remember what happened right before and after your injury?"
John snored softly, making the Alpha smile. He had never had a better Christmas in his entire life, and it still had yet to come to a conclusion. Everything had been perfect, was perfect. Even the moments after his mother presented her gift had been cleansing, and he felt better than ever about their relationship, and his relationship with Mycroft. He purred.
but then it hit him - fear and anger had made him forget that he didn't need a phone to call for his Alpha's help. He sent the strongest possible wave of fear through the bond, sharp and screeching;
Sherlock purred loudly in return, John's Omega easing him into his more pure Alpha state. His eyes flicked down to his Omega's engorged breasts, to the pearly drops of milk poised to drip from his mate's plump nipples. His eyes gleamed lustfully as he picked up the first strawberry, bringing it not to John's mouth but to one large teat, dragging it slowly over the Omega's nipple to coat it with breast milk. He smirked at the needy sound it drew from the Omega before pressing the treat to his mate's lips. His free hand reached over to grope one of John's breasts, massaging the tissue gently in his hand, encouraging it to swell further with milk, to grow just for him.
Suddenly, the chatter stopped, as if a blast of ice had passed over the room. A beat later, the surreptitious whispers started. "
On the floor, some of the other pups had begun to crawl over to Arthur and Felix, snuggling up to their sleeping brothers and joining in the cuddle pile. Before long the only babies still awake were Viola and Benedict, who had once again commandeered his Uncle Mycroft and was seated in his lap, clinging to his shirt with a vice-like grip while he babbled happily at his pack leader.
He'd been gone twenty minutes when Sherlock's phone pinged.
Sherlock continued to shower his mate with affections, his every motion showing his love and asserting his status. They passed many long minutes that way, purely Alpha and Omega, dominant and submissive, in utter bliss and satisfaction.
he promised softly,
don't have to do this - your instinct will do it for you. There is nothing for you to do now but wait with me, please, for the last time we have just each other before our pups are born. Be calm, my Omega," he purred as the babies began to kick more in response to their mother's panic, "Trust your body and your instinct. Please, will you do this for me?"
the Alpha gasped with innocent eagerness. His suckling began to slow as he drained the second breast.
Holding John's gaze, Sherlock solemnly repeated each phrase as it was spoken to him. He could feel his mate's hands beginning to tremble in his own and clasped them subtly tighter. The Alpha's expression remained calm and serious, but underneath the surface he pushed waves of overwhelming love through their bond, saying more than the traditional words ever could. Giving John's hands another reassuring squeeze when he had finished, he managed the smallest of grins.
Sherlock allowed his mate to wash him thoroughly, purring in satisfaction as John gently cleaned him. When his Omega's hand dipped down to wash his sex he had to fight to keep his breathing steady; as considerate as John was, the touch to his cock sent jolts of oversensitive pleasure through his body, and he couldn't help but let a few whimpers escape his throat.
do anything you want to do, and I will keep telling you that until you believe me."
"Of course I will," the Alpha murmured automatically. As John explained, Sherlock began to stroke a hand through his Omega's soft hair, as the other rubbed the side of John's full belly.  The Alpha grew positively giddy at John's words, glowing with excitement. "Oh, this- this is
What he didn't know was that after Sherlock's text about being able to
John purred loudly as Sherlock smoothed his hands over his gravid swell, soothed by the fact his Alpha was no longer afraid to touch him. He panted and moaned breathily as Sherlock rocked inside him again, convulsing a little as his mate brought him to his pleasure again and again. He lay on the floor, chest heaving lightly, as his Alpha gathered his clothes and he allowed himself to be dressed, almost in a daze, feeling comforted and soothed and loved. He kissed Sherlock's lips sweetly when he was dressed, humming a little and winding his arms around his neck, rubbing his bump into his Alpha's stomach. "Ready to see that last house, love?" he purred softly, wondering which one they were seeing next. So far, there had been things he liked about all the houses, and was looking forward to discussing their merits and drawbacks with his mate. "And then we'll go home and nest. You can rub lotion on my belly and we'll talk about the houses we've seen today, see if we can narrow down our choices before tomorrow," he added, leading Sherlock out of the house and locking it up.
. I am your pack Alpha and you will submit to me!"
John fidgeted nervously in the car, sending another strong wave of love to his bondmate.
Sherlock breathed in deeply, listening, nodding. He couldn't help a small, genuine smile spreading across his features as he felt the warmth of John's belly, the fluttering movement from the pups underneath his fingertips. The Alpha let out a sigh, and finally met his mate's gaze. In his initial, knee-jerk reaction, he had let his emotions take him over, not bothering to follow his reaction with thorough examination and deduction. Now he studied his mate's face carefully, something still sad and uncertain behind his eyes - and found that John was telling the honest truth. "Fair enough," he nodded, cupping his hand over his Omega's, "Apologies..."
Downstairs, Mrs Hudson had hurried to the front door and opened it to reveal Victor by himself, looking flustered. "I know I'm a little early, but we had a bit of a situation dropping Caroline off at the babysitter's," he explained with an apologetic smile. "Oliver is still over there trying to calm her down - she's such a daddy's girl, it's always harder for her to let him go. So we might end up being a little late, and since the twins decided to give my mobile phone a bath last night I thought I should run over and let you know." Mrs Hudson nodded in understanding. "Don't you worry dear," she smiled kindly, "I know how Alphas get. Goodness knows what fuss they'd make if they couldn't scent each other properly before both of you come in!"
To Eastlake's immense credit, he did not choke on his drink. Instead he raised an impressed eyebrow and took a languid sip, allowing his hand to ride his Omega's head as she sucked him with enthusiasm almost equal to John's as he sucked Sherlock.
, he sent,
concussed
he picked up suddenly,
Soon, there came a soft knock at the door, making Sherlock sit up and growl. "Not now, my sweet," came the soft voice of Beatrice from the other side of the door. The Alpha instantly relaxed as the scent of his mother reached him. "Come in." Beatrice entered gingerly, carrying a tray laden with food. The elderly Omega kept her movements slow and careful; she could scent John's labour coming on, and knew that hormones were running high. With Sherlock's permission, she gently sat herself on the end of the bed, and smiled shyly but warmly at her son-in-law, placing the tray beside him. "You'll need to eat a little something to prepare for this one, especially after such a big day yesterday," she murmured wisely, lifting the lid on a large bowl. "I've made you a special broth that Cook made for me before I had the boys. It should go down easy even when your appetite starts to wane, and it will help you keep your strength up when things really kick in. You're not long now," she said, her eyes kind as she regarded John's middle and her son's gentle attentions. With a final nod of understanding, she rose and left them to it, the door shutting soundlessly behind her.
he sent through the bond, the question laced with erotic promise.
adores me, not just our pups. And if he wants you so much, why didn't he take you at the pool? He could have bred you, you were gagging for it, but he
"I like surprises," John muttered, gazing down at the hand on his belly and trying not to make it too obvious that he
While John could not understand Sherlock's words, he understood the images flooding through their bond well enough. He purred and moaned in agreement, his hole beginning to contract around his Alpha's knot as his body was pushed closer to orgasm; he held back obediently, knowing he must wait for permission. A note of desperate neediness crept into his scent, his only thought pleasing his mate.
"Oh fuck that's hot," John groaned, rocking on Sherlock's cock again, rubbing his nipples in time with his movements. "Keep talking like that, you'll make me come again... Oh god, Sherlock... ngh, fuck,
Sherlock responded silently. He lowered John enough so the Omega could stand briefly, then carefully swept him up again into a bridal carry. He let the water run over them for another minute longer, continuing his tender affections as the water washed away the slick between John's legs and the mess on his cock, then shut the tap. Soon, the freshly-towelled Omega was lain out on the bed. It was so tempting to take John again like this; his Alpha wanted to go further and take John downstairs in his natural state, to keep him curled up on his knees like a lapdog to stroke and display his claim in front of the new Alpha and his mate. But rationally he knew that John would not be happy with that decision once he came to himself. After a few lingering kisses, he reluctantly pulled away to fetch clothes for his Omega and for himself.
Just then, Beatrice arrived with the triplets in tow. All of them made a beeline for their mother and John chuckled as he found himself with a lap full of restless two-year-olds. "Mama! Want milk please," Jasper whined, visibly upset; John knew all of the pups worshipped their father, and we're all terrified of losing him. He made quick work of his shirt and soon he was nursing both Jasper and Percival; Miranda threw herself at John's leg for a quick hug, then at Greg's, before diving into the nest and joining the swarm of pups nuzzling their sire.
John gasped through the bond, the thought almost taboo; Omegas were meant to receive, not to be dominant in the bedroom. John quickly finished off the second drink, shyly eager to get the show started; as soon as the last of it drained from the glass his Alpha picked up a large piece of cake and held it to his lips and John struggled not to moan in pleasure as he ate it from his mate's hand like a puppy. He nuzzled Sherlock's hand and licked it clean when he was done, the pleasant fog of subspace beginning to gather at the edges of his consciousness, and he surrendered to it wholeheartedly. His breathing became shallower and quicker and he leaned closer to his mate as if he couldn't be close enough, as if any distance between them was too much.
Sherlock carefully moved to kneel over John's head, bracing his hands on either side of John's body. He reverently kissed John's huge belly, placing his lips around the Omega's protruding belly button and sucking lightly while swirling his tongue around the nub, loving the shudder it drew from his mate. The Alpha's cock was achingly hard and dripping with precum as he pressed into John's cleavage. "Ohh, fuck," he moaned as he began to slowly thrust between John's breasts, the slick, soft skin feeling wonderful around his cock.
John crooned quietly as Sherlock praised him, eyes fluttering shut, only just resisting the urge to rub his belly and display to his Alpha. He felt himself slip a little towards his instinctive state and had to make a concerted effort not to purr loudly and push his bump into his mate's hands. He gathered himself as the Beta printed off the scans but began losing himself to his Omega again when Sherlock spread the scans out in front of him and held him. "Feel good," he murmured happily, petting his belly. "Pups," he mumbled stupidly, stroking the scans lightly with his fingertips with his free hand. "Ours. Love them... Love my Alpha. Perfect Alpha... gave me so many babies... Hmm, look, that one has your nose." He took a sip of tea and the familiar taste helped him emerge from his Omega. He shook his head slightly, as if trying to shake water out of his ears. "I think we should go home soon," he said evenly. "All this... the scans, hearing their heartbeats, having an image of each of them... I think it's boosted my milk production. I feel so
proud," he murmured quietly. "I love you for respecting me that much, I do, it's just... I don't know how to explain it. Alphas and Omegas, for hundreds of years, the way it’s been - an Alpha claims an Omega he wants, the Omega gets chosen. You'd never have stepped forward to choose me, and I guess my inner Omega's pride is stung by that, but I
" The Alpha lifted the outer and inner cover of the topmost box to reveal the frames within, on which the bees would build their combs. "Oh, it's brilliant,
he sent through the bond, meaning every word. Sherlock had given everything he needed to satisfy his Omega instincts, and now he wanted to return the favour, to indulge every one of the detective's whims to satisfy his Alpha urges.
John pulled off, frowning at the sharp distress coursing through the bond. "Hey, hey, what's wrong?" he murmured, reaching out to cup his mate's cheek. "If someone else had tried to claim me, you'd have stepped forward, I'm sure you would. You wouldn't have forced me to be alone, you'd have challenged them for me and you'd have won. We just needed a catalyst, it turned out to be my heat but if another Alpha had staked a claim, you would have done the same, told me you wanted me to be yours. Remember that time I came home smelling of an old army friend and you wouldn't let me leave the flat for three days? If it had been a romantic scent, you'd have come forward. Don't worry, love, it’s all fine now," he crooned, wincing as the pups began to kick hard in response to his distress.
"It's been requested you stay the night," Mycroft informed John upon returning to the room. Quints and twins alike were entranced as Sherlock explained how he'd deduced the identity of a brutal axe murderer by his preferred brand of trousers, and chased him through crowds of tourists at Covent Garden. "John?" Mycroft pressed, prodding the Omega when he saw the tell-tale look in his eyes. "The doctors wish for you to stay. We'll have to arrange for the rest of your children to be brought here. They'd be upset to go the night without you two, and it will help him settle."
Sherlock frowned in consideration.
left lying on Victor Trevor's nightstand.
The contraction was so strong it felt like trying to massage a bundle of steel cables, Sherlock marvelled. Perhaps he had been too deep in instinct the last time his mate whelped to give mental space to these kinds of details. He knew the same was true for John, who would be much more conscious of every sensation of his labour, with less of the comfortable haze of his primitive mind to shield him. "
." Mycroft pressed his face into his brother's curls and allowed emotion to claim him, hugging Sherlock and Beatrice tight, his chest racked with all but silent sobs. John had never seen anyone cry like that before - soul deep but somehow
Sherlock sighed, relenting. The pup squealed and laughed madly, overjoyed by the sound of the word and the hilarious reaction it elicited from the adults in the room as she repeated it over and over. The babies were now beginning to grasp the concept of "no," but Enora could not have cared less. She had never been told
Mycroft found himself unable to force any words past the lump in his throat and simply half-shook his head, looking away and cuddling the pups lying on his chest a little closer. How could he possibly find the words to tell his brother how he was feeling? He had never been able to discuss
He snuggled a little closer to his mate, wrapping his arms around him and clinging to him, kissing and licking at his neck.
"Houses tomorrow," Sherlock agreed, pressing kisses along John's round belly. He unbuttoned his shirt and fly with deft fingers, his hands back on John's middle as soon as he'd shrugged off the shirt and discarded his pants and trousers. The Alpha loved that his mate slept naked with him; John's soft, warm skin pressing against his own, his body and scent unhindered by his clothing, was heaven. It felt right and natural to the Alpha's instinct, as well, to have his mate so vulnerable and exposed to him in the safety of their makeshift nest. With one hand, he lazily pulled the covers up to John's shoulders, the Alpha no more than a long mass under the blankets as he worshipped his sleepy Omega's gravid form for a while longer. Pressing one last kiss to the furthest curve of his mate's belly, he crawled up to gather John close, his long limbs encircling his Omega in a tender embrace.
When the ultrasounds were presented, the Alpha took them greedily, about to show his Omega each and every one right then until the doctor offered his card. "Thank you," the Alpha rumbled, "For everything. You have proved yourself to be more than a worthy physician for my Omega. We appreciate your help very much, and will be calling you if we have need." When the appointment had finished and John was clean and re-dressed, he led his mate out of the office with a kind hand and a nod of respect to Doctor Anderson. Instead of taking John straight to a cab, however, he led his mate downstairs to the cafeteria, ordering them both tea and finding a booth with soft cushions, where they could sit together on one side. The Alpha wrapped an arm around his mate, holding him gently and spreading the ultrasounds out on the table in front of them so he could have a proper look. "How are you feeling?" he asked.
He rubbed his belly slowly, moving in large languid circles.
Hello, all!
At the mention of the collar, his gaze snapped to meet John's. Fear, desire, caution, guilt, love - all could be read plain as day in his expression. His own words repeated themselves in his head. For as long as John wanted it. And John
John shivered lightly and nodded, pressing closer into the touch, his mouth open, breath hitching, not daring to make a sound if his Alpha wanted him to be quiet. He bit his lip as Sherlock rubbed and teased his exposed belly button, his nipples fully ready to be nursed from as they strained against his bra, his cock so hard it was beginning to throb. "Please," he breathed, barely audible, desperate, "please." He didn't even know what he was asking for, not really, he just knew he needed his Alpha to take care of him.
pups," a deep sense of pride sang through him as he recalled John's information, "that will show everyone how strong our bond is." He hummed and ran a hand through John's sandy hair, stroking gently along the side of the Omega's swell with the other. "I want to show them because I'm proud of you, too - dropping so many eggs for me, and able to carry them all. I never would have thought any less of you if you hadn't, but as it stands, you are very, very fertile," the Alpha smirked. "I can't wait for you to birth them all. You'll do so well - your body was made for it. I'll make sure our babies are taken care of as you labour, and help you, too, as much as I can manage."
... I'm utterly dependent on you... And you're going to do it again, aren't you? Breed me again, keep me plump and needy... Make me swell again and again, fuck more babies into me so I have to spread my legs and birth your pups..." As he spoke he sped up his hand, shuffling on the bed so he could angle his Alpha's release at his belly and breasts. "I can't even straddle you to wank you anymore," he continued, his voice plaintive and teasing, "this big, round belly you gave me gets in the way..."
Sherlock managed a gracious smile and began to undo the silky, deep red ribbon of the box. The coal black parcel was much smaller and more inconspicuous than the others; Sherlock would hardly have noticed it, had he not known Molly still had a present to give. The Alpha paused, then lifted the lid. His eyes gleamed appreciatively, even as he felt a small sinking in his heart for the Omega pathologist. "Well. It appears we have a date," he smiled, lifting two tickets to the London Symphony from the box for his mate and the others to see, along with a gift certificate to a rather low-key, but extremely good, Italian restaurant nearby. He raised his eyes to Molly, who had bitten down harder on a lip that was now trembling dangerously, her eyes sparkling with unshed tears. This year he could not rise to kiss her on the cheek; it would not be appropriate for him now that he had bonded with John. "They're perfect," he replied, holding her gaze, "We could not have asked for better. You've been more than thoughtful, Molly." He sent another pulse of uncertainty through his bond with John, wondering if the Omega might rise to comfort her, or simply have better words of gratitude and reassurance than he.
to say something before, and could not comprehend that a word could be bad.
, make me take your big Alpha cock... That time in the warehouse after the case with the smugglers, when you found me all tied up, I thought... I thought about you just pulling my trousers down just enough to fuck me, leaving me tied and gagged while you took what you wanted, filled me with your cock and your come... you - you must have been able to scent how wet I was for you," he whispered breathily, "oh, god, I used to - I used to think about you pinning me to the kitchen table when I came home from the pub, fucking me hard and fast as a punishment for being out so close to my heat... telling me I belonged to
he sent to his mate,
The babies continued to wake one by one, squalling and squirming for attention, until they were all being cradled and fed by one of the pack. John finished nursing Adam and Imogen and laid them gently on the bed, retrieving Arthur and Eleanor and smiling as they latched on happily, suckling in tandem. Enora and Felix roused just as John returned to the bed, but Remington quickly laid the sated Benedict on the bed next to him and fetched them, crooning happily to them as they snuggled closer to his warmth and sucked eagerly on the bottles he gave them. Gradually, the babies settled, blinking up at their pack members and gurgling at each other, comforted by the scent of the nest. It would be several weeks before they would leave it at all; it had everything they needed, since their father had insisted on filling it with as many mentally beneficial toys as possible. The bee mobiles over each crib lit up in soft colours and rotated, playing a quiet lullaby, which so far had definitely helped the pups drift off. Mrs Hudson returned Miles to his parents and returned to bed with a wave and a yawn, her duty done; Catherine soon followed suit, as did a rather reluctant Remington.
John screamed in bliss as Sherlock filled him and clenched around him, panting as Sherlock brought him through his second orgasm. He flopped bonelessly back against the mattress, eyes closing lazily. "That was... wonderful," he purred. "I've missed having your come inside me. We should definitely do this again later... but right now, I think... I think it's dinnertime, don't you?" he murmured, thinking he might as well start early on begging Sherlock to feed him. "How about we get some food and I let you feed me? You'd like that, wouldn't you," he smiled shyly, suckling his mate's scent gland submissively. He hadn't missed the touch to his bellybutton and guessed that Sherlock wanted to see it pop, proof that John was full to bursting with his pups. He thought an hour or so of being fed Chinese food and ice cream and endless fruit juice might just do the trick - a few times recently when he'd had a bit much he thought he'd felt it shift. If he really pigged out, he was pretty sure it would go.
"Lestrade," he called, his voice shaky and uneven. He released Moriarty's throat, sending the Omega gasping and gulping for air, his eyes bulging from the pain and lack of oxygen, "Go into my lab. First shelf on your right, second shelf from the top, small blue vial. Fill a syringe - middle drawer of the centre table - bring it back, and roll it across the floor to me." He snarled as the dark-haired criminal whimpered and whined, trying to form words. "There is a certain drug," Sherlock growled, "given to physically
when you knot me? How do I feel around you? How does it feel when your knot starts to swell, or when I squeeze your knot and you come again? Oh, god, I want to hear it..." Sherlock's knot had always fascinated him, but he'd never had the chance to study it up close; he wanted to hold it in his hands, watch his Alpha's face as he squeezed and kissed and licked it, and he sent the thought through their bond as he moaned a little louder, the attentions to the taut, bare skin of his belly leaving him quivering and desperate.
He paused, thoughtful. He could make John do anything..
John whined nervously. "Only when we can't get maternity clothes big enough... And if my belly is exposed it'll get cold, can't we cover it with blankets? You can keep me naked when I'm housebound because we can turn the heating up," he conceded. Mmm... Getting hungry now. Pups need food..." he murmured, placing his hands on top of Sherlock's and holding their brood with him, smiling contentedly, loving being so full of Sherlock's cock and come and babies. When he finally pulled out, the semen would gush back out of him in a flood, the sheets would be ruined - but he didn't mind much so long as Sherlock rubbed it onto his skin to claim and scent him. He was no longer so badly shaken by the earlier incident that he needed to stay in the nest, but he'd like the added protection.
Sherlock drew in a surprised breath, his hand tracing gently down his Omega's neck and spine. He could not refuse the tone in John's voice; normally he always put his mate's pleasure above his own, or made sure they came together - but this was different. He could feel how much John wanted it, wanted him. He nodded his assent, allowing his mate to tend to him.
Sherlock ploughed into him roughly, the bed shaking with his thrusts as he made John take him deeper and deeper. "Going to keep you working around the house right up until your next heat. You'll still be waddling from bearing my children, your body still heavy, your breasts so swollen with milk for my babies that you'll need a bespoke bra to contain them. You'll be in the kitchen or the livingroom when you begin to feel warm, start to breathe heavily, feel the
John nodded vaguely, stroking his Alpha's arm to calm himself. The Beta doctor inclined his head in acquiescence and did not push the subject further. Instead he obtained permission to push John's shirt up his gravid belly and slick him with gel, checking the size and position of the babies. A cacophony of whooshing filled the room; thirteen tiny heartbeats in concert with John's, unreachable on the visual scanner John had liberated, sang out loudly over the newer monitor's speakers. "They all seem to be a healthy size which is good - often with multiples one baby will lose out on resources in utero and be born much smaller but your pups seem to be sharing well. This one down here, at the bottom... The boy... Based on position it's likely he'll be born first. And this one at the top, the girl... She's likely to be last. Other than that the birth order is impossible to determine, although obviously your womb will empty from the bottom up. Do you plan on having other litters after this one? If so, try not to pin your hopes too much on a post-birth knotting. Often the Omega, in their fully instinctive state after the birth, will reject the Alpha's advances until they are satisfied that the existing litter is thriving." John didn't hear him; he was gazing with rapt attention at the screen, finally hearing the heartbeats of his pups, trying not to cry.
It took Sherlock a minute of puzzling before he was able to fit the pieces together, John's needy whines doing nothing for his concentration. Finally, the device was set up. The Alpha wasted no time in shedding his own clothes, then moving over to his mate, pressing himself against John's back as he peppered the Omega's shoulders with kisses, his large cock hard and throbbing between his mate's legs. He gently affixed the shields to John's breasts, and turned the machine on.
"May I escort you to the table, Miss Hooper?" Mycroft asked quietly, offering his arm, and suddenly John understood. Mycroft was being a gentleman, yes, but more than that; he knew that pre-courting attentions from an Alpha would lessen the sting of John's blissful pregnancy and Sherlock having no eyes for anyone else. He
Still sleeping, the Omega purred, leaning into the touch like a cat. "Usually, I would say it's not," Doctor Anderson replied bluntly. "With any birth, there are possible complications. Doctor Holmes-Watson is - well, obviously he's not old, but relatively speaking, for a first time mother - multiple births are always more potentially dangerous. That said - " he paused, obviously weighing his words carefully. "I won't say it's safe, but no birth is. I believe that you were right, however, that your bond is strong enough and your bonds with the pups are strong enough that the birth will be textbook. If your mate is capable of conceiving thirteen pups naturally, carrying them almost to term, I think he should be able to birth them without complications. However, I strongly recommend that you take a birthing class - have a midwife or doctor visit your home to give you a briefing on some simple ways you could help, and how to identify danger signs so you can call an ambulance if necessary. I can send you a list of registered Beta midwives if you wish, but you may be better served by a medical professional you already know. Doctor Holmes-Watson may have some former colleagues who could do it. If even that is undesirable - the next best safety net would be an Omega pack member who has given birth themselves who could act as something between a midwife and a doula, able to communicate with the birthing mother on an instinctive level purely by sound and touch."
Sherlock was still careful, the words "it
him while Sherlock was busy. He quieted and kept stroking his bump, his angry growls softening to edgy purrs as his Alpha protected him. There was a moment of absolute silence and tension - and then Sherlock slowly released his hold, Anderson gasping loudly for air. But before the man could sink to the ground, Sherlock's hand was out again, fingernails slashing deep across the other Alpha's face to leave a permanent mark of his shame. Lestrade nodded, his mouth set in a firm line, the needle slipping into his pocket again. "Mister Anderson, you are on unpaid leave until further notice. Expect to be referred to mandatory classes in which you learn to
Sherlock's body was humming with pleasure. The Alpha grinned as his mate began to clean him. "We're in the shower, you know," he murmured, but he might as well have been talking to a puppy for all John understood. He had no desire to sadden his precious, obedient partner, and knew how easily any sign of disappointment could injure the Omega in this state. "Good boy," he crooned, letting John continue to work, his hands still holding John's hips strongly, keeping the gravid man pressed up against the wall, "Came so well for me. Did everything I asked. Such a perfect partner..." He gave him loving, lazy kisses where he could reach. "Let me know when you're ready to come off my cock... or should I take you to see our guests just like this?"
John thought carefully for a moment, nuzzling his mate's dark curls and inhaling deeply to ground himself in his scent. "A female. I'd like them to have a female carer, a close influence, to balance us out. Older, as well, so they'll have the impulse to care for the pups but not want to poach them. Someone who can cook, maybe bake, to take some of the burden off us. Someone unbonded, so they can give us as much time as we need... Maybe widowed. Someone patient, who can put up with my Omega and your Alpha moods... Someone tolerant of a little chaos, but who can be strict when necessary," he mused, realising with a pang he was describing a grandmother. He felt saddened that his own mother would never meet the pups and from what he'd heard Sherlock wouldn't want either of his parents near the pups. He thought about the description they'd settled on and began to realise something. "Sherlock... An older female beta... Widowed... Who can cook and is used to our shit... I think we already know someone like that."
Sherlock inhaled his mate's scent and groaned, sinking his teeth into their bond bite and spilling deep into his mate. Sherlock's cock pulsed hard as he filled his mate more and more, pumping the Omega full with his thick seed; John's desperate need had nearly triggered a knot, and it was longer than usual before the Alpha was completely spent. He breathed hard against his mate's neck, his eyes closed, his hands still cupping John's belly until he felt the pleasure subside. Lifting his head, the Alpha finally released the bite, pressing his lips gently to the bleeding skin and softly beginning to lave the blood from the fresh wound. He kept his member reassuringly buried in his Omega, stabilizing and calming his mate after such a rough coupling as he tended John lovingly. "My perfect Omega," he crooned, nuzzling him gently, "Such a good mate, taking my cock and my claiming so well." He breathed in John's scent once more and purred in happiness, "Mmm, and you could still take me again, couldn't you? You still
, the Alpha retorted, rolling his eyes.
John moaned loudly in satisfaction as Sherlock filled him again, feeling his Alpha's engorged cock forcing his walls out of the way. "Oh, Sherlock... I can't wait to swell so full of your babies I have to struggle to walk... That'll show everyone who ever doubted you. I.. I don't think I've ever even heard of a single litter this big," he realised panting. "Most I've ever heard of before is ten... Everyone will know how powerful you are, making me drop that many eggs, making them all attach," he encouraged as Sherlock thrust into him. He started stroking his back, mewling happily at the pleasure Sherlock was giving him, before suddenly hitting the edge and coming again, screaming in bliss as he clenched around Sherlock, riding the crest of his orgasm and pushing his belly out, further into Sherlock's hands.
"Happy anniversary, John."
John obediently opened his mouth for the treat, humming in appreciation at the taste. He let Sherlock feed him the whole plate by hand, insisting on more kisses before each mouthful until he was glowing and sticky-lipped and full of cake. "Your turn," he managed quietly, loading up a plate with the highest-calorie cakes and scones with cream, offering him a sandwich first, crooning to him as the Alpha accepted the food. It had been hours since either of them had eaten, and they both ate well; soon the beautiful picnic was reduced to a few crumbs of cheese, half a tuna sandwich and a few lonely cashews in the bottom of a bowl.
ahh, Sir... please, please come in me Sir, I want to please you, want to be a good Omega... aaahhhh, mmmmh, oh GOD, yesss... pleasepleaseplease, Sir, want to give you your pleasure..." he mewled desperately, cupping his belly, holding his mate's pups as he fucked himself on Sherlock's cock.
John shuddered deeply, drawing in an unsteady breath and quivering in arousal. While he couldn't follow the events of the show clearly, deep in subspace, he could
John sighed, the pack ties strengthened, and crooned encouragingly as Sherlock latched on once more and continued feeding, unconcerned by the presence of the rest of the pack. Mycroft smiled approvingly, glancing up sharply when the doorbell rang and leaving the bed to answer it.
did you think none of that would count for anything because of two mistakes that you did everything in your power to make right?" he murmured softly, pushing his honest adoration through the bond, shifting closer so his leaking nipples were within reach of Sherlock's plump lips. "Would you mind?" he breathed, "I'm so full, but the pups don't need it yet... please..."
"No, love, it's alright, we'll be calmer with them here," John purred softly, cooing gently as Alistair and Imogen began to mewl for milk. He easily pushed his pyjama top out of the way and held them close as they latched on and began to feed lazily, gazing at his mate with a soft smile.
, he encouraged, his fingers running down the length of John's arched spine.
Sherlock smiled softly, bringing a hand up to stroke John's hair. "We most certainly can," he said, "We have a large, caring pack more than able to care for all the pups I'll sire on you." The Alpha pressed a gentle kiss to his mate's temple. "Mine," he murmured with loving possessiveness. "Sleep now, my Omega. You and our newest additions need all the rest you can get. In just a few hours you'll be reclining with two pups constantly at your teats again, nurturing the enormous litter I've given you. Do you have any idea how gorgeous you look when you nurse?" he hummed, "You look incredible, lying naked in our nest, our pups suckling at your breasts. Such a perfect mother."
me..." He gasped as Sherlock's thrusts got harder, loving the raw possessiveness and residual anger radiating from the Alpha. He felt his orgasm build, encouraged by the security he was getting from his mate, intensified by Sherlock's now-rough thrusts, feeling himself be claimed, screaming a little as Sherlock took him. He tilted his head back, allowing himself to be fucked hard, loving the slick slide of Sherlock's enormous cock, yelping as it bottomed out each time. "Knot, please.... oh please, knot me, my Alpha, knot me, I need it, yours..." he whimpered desperately, thinking only of his Alpha and how well he'd protected him that day. "I'm so lucky... such a good Alpha, you'd have killed him for me, wouldn't you, if Lestrade hadn't been there... ohhhh fuck Sherlock, so good... you protected me so well," he purred, kissing his Alpha's lips lustfully, placing his hands on his arse and squeezing the plump flesh, encouraging his deeper thrusting, wordlessly begging for his knot.
John's cries rose in volume as he struggled to fight off his climax; obeying orders while wearing his collar and being on display like this helped push him towards subspace, but he would need his Alpha's cock to submerge completely. A playful smile tugged at the corners of his mouth as he dropped his free hand to squeeze his own breast, spraying milk all over his belly - and the servant's. He began to rub it in, all the while begging and whimpering for release, gazing straight at his Alpha with laser focus.
He began to fidget, unable to help himself as the pheromones in the bathwater ramped up his libido; he felt like he needed to sit on his Alpha's cock
John gasped softly, unable to articulate anything but the pleading little
he sent suddenly, overwhelmed with relief and gratitude that Sherlock hadn't simply found it and left quickly.
Sherlock had waited patiently while John finished his tea, a fond smile settling on his features at John's obvious enjoyment. "The last present, then," he nodded in response to the Omega's careful look, feeling John's eagerness pulse subtly through their bond. He stood and walked to the tree, retrieving the present which seemed appropriately heavy for its size - however, most of its heft came from the padding within. The true gift lay inside the smaller box in the center. The Alpha knew it was horribly cliche, to hide boxes within boxes like matryoshka dolls - but not to do so would have given the surprise away immediately. Nested within was a small, hinged velvet box, containing one small, silver band. The outside of the ring was simple, but the inside contained a thinner band of diamonds, embedded flush with the metal so as not to pinch or irritate the skin of the wearer, and a delicate engraving: '
"Dolphins are my favourite animal. And I like swimming," Iris replied, "When I'm big I can learn to swim without armbands. Then I can be a dolphin." She squirmed a little, smiling proudly at her plan.
Sherlock smirked back at his mate, sitting up on the bed again as he tried to decide what to do with the Omega. John's desires were more obvious; it didn't take a genius to observe John practically salivating for his Alpha's cock as he'd removed Sherlock's trousers and pants. Sherlock stroked John's hair in reward as he decided, earning him purrs and mewls of gratitude in return. After a moment of thought, he had it. He leaned back against the headboard, tugging at the leash for John to come, manoeuvring his mate until John had straddled his muscular thighs, the Alpha's enormous erection bobbing proudly against his belly.
Beatrice had continued to croon lovingly to her boys as they let their emotions flow, holding them both tightly against her, her thin, capable fingers stroking through their dark curls and auburn locks. A few tears had even escaped her own eyes unbidden, only to be mixed with those of her sons as she nuzzled their wet faces. "No more crying now," she asserted softly when they'd begun to relax, "Mummy's here now, for good. We're all safe. Now, I think I know just what we all need... How about a nice pack cuddle, hmm?" A pack cuddle and scenting would stabilize everyone, and restore the happier mood she knew they'd all been so set on for Christmas Day.
Sherlock kissed him back deeply, his brain working to generate the perfect response to John's movements; for each action, he replied with the most satisfying possible reaction. The Alpha had promised his mate the most satisfying morning of his life, and was trying his utmost to deliver on his words, despite what had just passed between them and despite his own need to wait longer before penetrative sex. Well-versed in discarding emotions, he locked the feelings away where he wouldn't have to see them, because John wanted him, needed him. His movements seemed completely natural, one touch flowing smoothly into another, his caresses of John's belly complementing the dance of their tongues, the slow, gentle rolling of his hips as he thrust into his mate.
"Don't stop, my Omega," Sherlock moaned, his knot still enormous, keeping him locked inside his mate. John's every movement pulled another wave of pure pleasure from the swelling, the Omega's internal muscles closed tightly around his entire length. "Tell me how much you love this- I want you moaning on my cock, begging like a slut for your third climax even though you've just reached your second. Want you to rub your belly while you moan about how much you love being like this, how full and sensitive my pups have made you-"
The Alpha's pupils dilated wider. John had birthed twice the size of a normal litter, and was still swollen, his belly bulging and heavy with a set of triplets yet to birth, his breasts enormous with the milk that was currently feeding two of his pups, the Omega's thighs dirty and slick with amniotic fluid. John's body shone with sweat, accentuating his fullness, and Sherlock purred. He'd have his cock in his mate like this, if he could, but he was just as pleased to be able to rut against his mate. The Alpha lay down behind his mate, swinging a leg over and lightly mounting him. He pushed his pleasure through their bond as he rubbed his enormous erection against the small of the Omega's back, groaning softly in pleasure with each thrust. His hand closed around John's small cock, beginning to stroke languidly in time with his thrusting.
As the knot inflated to press harder against his prostate, John stiffened and came with a harsh screaming cry, spurting his release all over Sherlock's belly and rocking on the knot to extend it, relishing the drag against his insides, loving how he could feel his mate swollen and firm and lodged in him, tied together securely. "Ohhhh, Sherlock, that was - was - unnnhhhhhh," he managed, grinning deliriously and he snuggled back into his mate's chest, still purring. He mewled and rubbed his cheek against his Alpha, further covering himself in Sherlock's scent, unable to get enough of it. "Thank you," he murmured softly, giving Sherlock a tender kiss on the lips.
." There was a loud
Sherlock pistoned his hips forward and gave a soft cry, forcing himself to come one final time inside his mate as a mercy; he wouldn't have John in pain like this. "She said," he said panting, finally managing to raise himself to look in his mate's eyes, "She said she could smell my scent on you a mile away, that we might as well have been bonded - a-and the way I looked at you, no Alpha would touch you without my permission. But since I was 'too stiff' to truly claim you, she was so bold as to request to borrow you for a night or two... thought I might not oppose to 'sharing,' if it meant she'd be more forthcoming... I told her she could very well fuck off, of course, but ... but her comments rather 'hit home,' as they say, and I..." He trailed off, gently cupping John's cheek, "Well, you saw the results..."
..." John was bouncing faster now, grunting and whining in pleasure as the Alpha's huge cock rubbed against his sweet spot, pushing him higher and higher towards his peak.
for you... Oh
He moaned into the kiss as their children kicked.
Cautiously he leaned in and began to press tiny, soft, closed-mouthed kisses to Sherlock's lips, sliding his arms back around his mate's shoulders so he could lean in closer.
Kissing John's lips sweetly, he smiled as he looked into his Omega's eyes.
His eyes closed completely as John rocked him, surrendering to the Omega's love as it surrounded him like a downy duvet, warm and secure. His suckling continued to slow gently, until he was taking languid pulls every few moments, still pressed close against his mate, seeking every ounce of his mate's love.
"Am not," Sherlock hummed.
... A nice hotel? The Dorchester or The Landau or somewhere like that. Marble and a ballroom but still urban. And we wouldn't have to travel for the reception," he thought out loud. "And I don't know about you but I can't stand fruit cake. I'd rather have Madeira cake," he grinned into Sherlock's neck. "And I know... I killed for you almost as soon as I met you because I knew somehow, my life would revolve around you. You'll do such a good job protecting me and our babies," he breathed, putting his hand on top of Sherlock's and helping him stroke his bump.
Firmly ignoring his own arousal in favour of comforting and soothing his mate, John gently manoeuvred his Alpha to the side and positioned himself carefully, propped up against the pillows. "Come here then, sweetheart," he purred, smiling as Sherlock crawled into his lap and curled around him like a pup. "Which one does my darling want first?" John asked, offering his mate his exposed breasts.
John pressed into the contact, reaching out to grasp Sherlock's hand, needing a point of contact. "Beatrice," he murmured softly, his voice gentle, "give me your hand." He knew that expressing her own wants and opinions was still difficult for her; she would respond better to gentle commands disguised as requests at first. She snapped her gaze to his face, eyes wide, obeying meekly. John purred softly and pulled it towards him, letting it rest lightly on the topmost curve of the bump, where one of the pups had decided it needed attention. The other Omega gasped quietly and dared to press a little harder, rubbing ever so slightly. As he had with Mycroft, John found the touch was not objectionable; it wasn't like when Sherlock touched his belly, intimate and loving, but it was tolerable. The pup responded to the touch, kicking a few times before settling. John smiled at the heart-breaking joy on his mother-in-law's face, happy tears shining in her eyes. He let her touch for a few more moments before carefully taking her hand in his again and grasping it, giving it a small squeeze. She returned it weakly, barely managing to whisper "Thank you," before Mycroft decided it was time for them to say their farewells; the event had been emotionally draining enough for her already. They parted fondly and were just about to turn their attention to the rest of their guests when they heard a slurring voice from the doorway.
Sherlock didn't need to be asked; before the Omega could finish his sentence, the top was off, John's enormous breasts free and exposed, and the thong soon followed. "I want this," he reminded John firmly, his tone holding a note of authority that characterized his orders. Sherlock felt himself strongly wishing the club
Sherlock shook his head stubbornly, wrapping his arms around his mate as best he could and holding him tight. John began to push out even more soothing scent markers; the scent became especially strong at his breasts, where the Alpha had buried himself, but also where fussy and upset pups would soon be nursed and held close. With every breath, Sherlock felt his body relax a little more, his guard letting down against his will. "Notices," he mumbled finally, his tone pained, "My p- Father and Mummy know. They're
talking about feelings - we're not talking about guilt or betrayal or anger or hurt or sorrow or affection. This is a sit rep. A de-brief. This is so we all know where we stand, we're talking about our pack and status and security. I know I'm more secure in my Omega, more secure around the three of you. The bonds are stronger, warmer." John was clearly in his element; his military training left him entirely in his comfort zone, as if they were talking over the results of a difficult mission. "Greg, you next," John prompted, earning a surprised eyebrow raise from the DCI; as the pack Alpha's younger brother Sherlock was technically next in the pack hierarchy, despite the fact that he was younger than Lestrade, but John knew that Sherlock would be more comfortable speaking last and wanted to spare his mate as much discomfort as he could.
Sherlock hadn't been able to hear very well, but he'd heard well enough to catch the mention of the Colonel, his eyes widening at John's tense reaction. Whoever it was, they had been significant. Something unknowingly delicate inside him cracked and shattered at the recognition - there had been someone else? A first mate, another Alpha? John hadn't had any other mark but Sherlock's on his skin when the detective bonded with him, and yet- what other partners had John had that the Omega had failed to tell him about? He bit his lip, swallowing and managing to keep his composure as the clerk handed him his change and their meals. The Alpha slowly threaded his way through the crowd and back to the table, instinctually scanning for intruders, but keeping his gaze pointedly averted from his mate's.
John mewled submissively and rocked back onto his mate's still-hard cock, all but fucking himself on it. "Yes, yes, I need it, oh god," he whined plaintively, giving high-pitched little grunts as he moved, his tight but pliant hole dragging wonderfully along his Alpha's thick shaft. "Can't get enough of you today," he moaned, "can't think of anything else... want you to claim me over and over, even when our guests get here I want you to sit me on your cock and bounce me in your lap in front of everyone so they can all see how you own me... ohhhh, fuck!" He licked his lips, his breathing laboured, as he continued fucking himself on Sherlock's cock, the water rippling and splashing around his massive belly.
The Alpha felt hazy with pleasure. John managed to remain so deliciously tight despite the first two deliveries, and the Omega's birth-slick passage made every bounce and thrust silky smooth. John's belly pressed heavily against his own, the last pup kicking heartily inside, the sensation making Sherlock grin. "Looks like the little one likes it," he purred, caressing the swollen globe of John's middle, "We'd better make sure you eat the whole tray then, hmm?"
, he whispered, swallowing, almost reflexively shying away from the touch before stopping himself. This entire mess was his own fault, just as his Omega had implied. He did not deserve to hide from it.
Mrs Hudson chose that moment to reappear in the doorway from the kitchen. "Well, really, you could have waited until I've gone home at least," she scolded fondly. "I'll just get my coat."
He gazed up at Sherlock, so utterly trusting, and gripped the sheets hard as he let out a long, low moan, arching his back a little to emulate the pains of childbirth.
, Sherlock... can't you see how my nipples are standing up, ready to be nursed? You've filled me so well with your pups I'll need a pump soon, just to drain all the milk I'm making for them... but you can take care of me tonight, can't you? You can suck on my rosy nipples and demand all of my sweet milk," he breathed, sucking lightly at his earlobe.
It was impossible to discern the genders of the embryos, of course, but that didn't mean he couldn't try. "Two boys, one girl," he replied softly, trying to reason with probability instead, "Two Alphas, one Omega. Perhaps three Alphas." Considering Sherlock's incredible virility, and how eight of the total thirteen children born had been Alphas, it was not unlikely that John would produce another litter strong in Alphas this time, as well. Sherlock secretly thought he'd like to keep his Omega pregnant for as long as possible, only allowing one or two of the remaining eggs to drop with each round of breeding.
," the pack leader murmured, pressing a gentle kiss to Sherlock's lips. "Merry Christmas, John," he offered with a more formal incline of his head and a genuine smile, careful not to touch without Sherlock's express permission.
John gasped and arched when the servant gave a particularly clever twist of his wrist, pleading incoherently and faltering in his rhythm on his playmate's cock; they leaned in and began to kiss heatedly, encouraging each other on as they both drew closer to release. John's moans grew more wanton and whorish, any idea of volume control abandoned in the pursuit of pleasure; he felt voluptuous and sensual, his hole softening further as his body anticipated his Alpha’s demands. The doctor squeezed the club Omega's cock lightly as he began to pump it in earnest, purring to encourage him to come, and the servant groaned low and shocked.
"Thirteen toddlers," Sherlock murmured, "God save us." He purred loudly as he imagined the scene, John full and heavy with another litter as thirteen of their pups toddled and crawled around the nest, some playing with their presents, some sleeping, some crowding around their parents for attention. He could see their offspring becoming fascinated with John's growing middle, and the thought of his Omega waddling around and carrying their pups on top of his swollen belly sent a pulse of warmth, nearing arousal, through the Alpha. He smiled, petting and nuzzling his Omega proudly.
John could smell his Alpha's arousal in the air and he licked his lips, giving a coy little whine to show how much he wanted Sherlock's cock.
John nearly whimpered as Sherlock told him he'd spoiled it, distress clouding his face rapidly, but his expression softened at the rest of his speech. He sank into the wheelchair gratefully, clutching his husband's hand. "Don't worry," he purred, smiling up at him adoringly, "my
John purred loudly as Sherlock filled him. "Ohhh, Sherlock... feels so good! I've missed you so much," he whimpered, wishing he could feel Sherlock's body pressed against him, but his belly was simply too big for them to make love in the missionary position anymore. He settled for pushing his belly further into his mate's hands, rocking his hips as his Alpha began to move. "Yes, yours, all yours... always and only yours! Ohhh, Sher-Sherlock... yes, that's it, oh god," he moaned lustfully, his breasts starting to bounce with the force of the thrusts, now permanently swollen to the size of oranges, bigger when he needed to be milked. He arched and writhed, wanting to feel his mate's magnificent cock
eager to meet at one point, but don't worry - I'll keep you close to me. My perfect Omega." He pressed another lingering kiss to John's lips. "You may come back whenever you're ready, there's no hurry. I do love having you like this." He lifted John once again, and took him to greet their friends.
The praise felt like heaven to John; it made him want to squirm and keen with delight but the tranquil haze of subspace made it easy to ignore the urge. Spit pooled in his mouth and slid wetly down the hard length of Sherlock's prick, smoothing the glide of the Omega's lips as he tried to take the Alpha even deeper down his throat, blind and deaf to everything except his mate and the throb of his erection. John snuffled and grunted happily as he worked, eyelids fluttering and completing the picture of an Omega who could think of nothing better than to be allowed to suck their mate's cock.
Twenty minutes later found them pulling up outside a large townhouse, a Georgian affair in Kensington with no garden but only two streets away from Hyde Park. It had large windows, original wooden floors and plenty of bedrooms, was neutrally decorated, and didn't need any structural work, purely a few touches of cosmetic work here and there, but it felt more like a film set or a museum to John. It felt forbidding and grown-up, not the kind of place a brood of thirteen could be rambunctious and playful. John turned to his mate again, standing a small distance away, innocently clasping his hands behind his back although he knew the effect that would have on his shirt, pulling it tight across his filling breasts. He knew he'd need to be milked before they got home, but wasn't full yet. He wanted to tease his mate just a little longer. "What do you think of
Sherlock could feel the others looking at him as well, and wanted to disappear. He wasn't willing at all - it was ridiculous that he should confirm what John already knew. He vaguely wondered if this was another part of his punishment for what had happened.
to tell everyone about this..." he paused to rub his belly fondly, smiling. "Now we can't hide it, we'll have to tell them tomorrow. I can't wait to see the looks on their faces when we tell them how many babies you put in me." He gazed at his Alpha, eyes shining with adoration, and knew he'd never been happier than he was at that moment.
, that's it.. Needy...
, filtered through the bond. The pups were restless in his belly, wriggling and kicking hard, bumping against Sherlock's leg as if to demand their share of attention from their sire; instinctively John knew that he was within days of birthing the triplets.
With his Alpha's help, John manoeuvred himself back onto his knees, bracing himself on all fours as the last of the triplets began to push its way into the birth canal. The Omega was so contented and relaxed from being hand-fed by his mate that he barely felt any pain; he simply nuzzled into his Alpha's chest to inhale his scent and grunted as he began to push. Birthing was a familiar process for his body now, and John hardly had to think about it - it was second nature to rock and arch and squeeze in time with his contractions.
John reclined against Sherlock, his belly low and heavy between his legs. He waited eagerly for his next order: he wanted to prove he was just as good as the other Omega.
John quirked an eyebrow mid-bite. He tried to mumble around the mouthful of food but blushed and stopped at Sherlock's expression. He swallowed quickly. "I thought you went to ask about the flowers?" he murmured. "It's alright, Sherlock. You can tell me the truth... you're as white as a sheet and I can feel distress rolling off you in waves through our bond. Come here," he crooned, opening his arms so Sherlock could snuggle up to him, cradled in his arms and curled around his belly. He cooed soothingly when Sherlock pressed against him, burying his face in John's breasts. "There now, it's alright," John soothed, rocking him a little. "Do you want to tell me what's wrong?"
The Alpha trembled in shame with each stroke of John's hand before recoiling, unable to stand the tenderness any longer. He could not comprehend why John was not giving him a thorough verbal lashing for what he'd done. Wracked with guilt and terrified of himself, he kept his gaze fixed to the rug.
"Isn't Daddy clever?" John crooned to Iris, nuzzling her nose before setting her back in the pram and grasping the handles, pushing it forward once more. "I do like the bridge," he admitted shyly to Sherlock, "I used to come to this park at weekends when I was in medical school and the view over the pond and across the rest of the park is lovely... and I used to throw pennies into the wishing well at the other side."
"That's it, good boy," John sighed softly, stroking his dark curls. "Is that better, hmm? Don't be sad, I was being stupid. I'm the luckiest Omega in the world, having you as my Alpha, I couldn't have a better one." He cradled him until he was calm, smiling as he languidly suckled his other breast. "Do you think this could work, Sherlock? You ordering me to stay out of my Omega? Even if it was just a couple of hours a day, we'd still be able to have each other. And we - we need to decide what to do about my microheat," he added gently, kissing Sherlock's hair. "We can't suppress it, so our choices are birth control - either a pill for me or a condom for you - or spending it apart. What do you think?"
He inhaled the scent of John's assuredness, of his Omega's utter faith in him, and growled, rewarding his mate with more nips and kisses, with harder thrusts that increased the already constant pressure on his prostate. He wanted John to have eyes only for him, needed his Omega to know that he was superior to every other Alpha they'd seen that day. He would give John the largest, fattest litters, would keep the Omega constantly heavy with children and with the food he provided for him, would lavish him with attention and rewards for his confidence and admiration. He was the best protector, the best provider, the only one who could bring his mate this much pleasure; with each powerful thrust, he willed the thoughts and feelings through the bond.
," the Alpha ground out, fire flashing in his eyes; his hand came to the Omega's neck again, forcing Moriarty's head against the floor, silencing him. At Lestrade's words, Sherlock's eyes flickered upwards for the first time, the precariousness of their entire situation slowly sinking in. Breathing heavily, he looked between his mate and the bloody man underneath him, suddenly torn; John needed him - but he needed to eliminate this threat to keep John safe. It was too much to simply allow another Alpha to step in; Moriarty had nearly been the death of his mate, his pups. But his Omega was frightened, terrified - he needed protection, nurturing, safety.  But he wouldn't have John think him inadequate for letting another take the burden of the final deed.
"Enora Anne," Sherlock announced, placing a soft kiss to the head of their last-born pup. The baby smacked her lips in sleepy contentment as she was placed in her uncle's arms, and gave a few gentle kicks of her lavender onesie-clad legs. She could have been a twin of her brother Alistair, with her sandy curls and her blue-green eyes, but she had Sherlock's nose instead of John's. Mycroft beamed as he announced, "Omega," and gave the girl an affectionate lick to the cheek. Now, each member of the pack held at least one child; Sherlock pressed a kiss to John's cheek and scooped Eleanor and Lucy from the bed, and the girls snuggled happily against him, recognizing their father's scent.
how I've bred you, how I fucked you and made you mine." He licked and sucked roughly at John's neck, eager to sink his teeth in and bite.
"That's my clever boy!" John cooed, reaching out his arms and lifting Felix to hold him against his chest, covering his son's face in kisses, making the pup squeal and wriggle. "Alright, that's four-three to you. My turn," he grinned at his mate, looking at the pile of babies lazing beside him. He hummed thoughtfully.
"Arthur?" John prompted gently, his heart warming at the way his son blinked up at him with such obvious love in his eyes.
When he woke, he was back in his Omega; he'd been spending longer and longer in his Omega, his lucid periods becoming shorter and less frequent. The phone rang, loud and shrill, and he pouted unhappily as Sherlock reached out to answer it, snuggling against his chest and going back to sleep.
John mewled, happily and desperately, a sound that said
; he knew Molly might be upset seeing the Alpha she had pined after so happy in a new home with a pregnant mate.
The rest of the babies were soon awake and squalling for milk; John nursed two at a time while Sherlock gave some of the others their bottles and before long the family were back in the living room, sprawled out on the floor on the plush silver fur throw. Adam was still clinging proudly to his father's hair, occasionally nuzzling the soft dark curls identical to his own and cooing contentedly. Settling back against the nest of cushions his Alpha had constructed for him John purred in approval, beaming at his mate as he rocked Viola against his shoulder.
Sherlock looked up briefly from Felix to smile at his mate, his eyes shining.
Mercifully, the short break between Lucy and Iris's birth was buying them time; Iris and Imogen were still snoozing contentedly as the Alpha carefully returned Eleanor and Lucy to their siblings. Shuffling back to his mate, the Alpha guided John down onto his elbows, nuzzling his cheek in reassurance.
she was of him, how well she knew he'd do, how much he deserved it, what a
," John gasped softly, as if he'd discovered something wonderful. "Oh, yes, like that. So good, love. Mmmm... Love it when you knot me,
." The last word came out as a growl as his cock grew to full hardness, his Alpha hormones spiking as the cool metal and thick leather which adorned him reminded him that now he answered to none.
Sherlock immediately snaked an arm around John's waist to rub his round belly, a quietly possessive gesture that said
He stroked his mate's cheek tenderly, kissing him again, his utter adoration of his mate obvious in his every move.
"I can’t feed four of you at once," he chuckled fondly, stroking his daughters' hair.
it said,
The Omegas seemed especially attracted to John's breasts, as well. Catherine had begun to stroke their fullness reverently, cupping the weight of one in her hands almost worshipfully and nuzzling her cheek against it. Remington nosed softly at a dusky nipple under the blessing of Sherlock's gaze, lifting his curious eyes to the sandy-haired Omega. Would John nourish the pack? Sherlock blinked lazily in approval and put the question to John through their connection, exhaling in a huff as he buried his cock deep inside his mate.
"I hope you like them," Molly said nervously, her voice trembling a little. "I thought... well, you might like something, um, just for you, since you won't have that much longer..." She bit her lip, feeling stupid and looking like she might burst into tears. "That's really thoughtful of you," Lestrade said evenly, almost reverently, looking at her like he'd just learned something fascinating about her.
, it was so full, and he felt a little sluggish, but it was worth it to see Sherlock so happy. He purred and lay back, closing his eyes. "Mmmm... Sherlock..." he mumbled, stifling a yawn, pregnancy exhaustion rapidly overtaking him. "Have I pleased you, my Alpha?" he mewled dazedly, turning his head to the side with just a hint of a snuffling snore, absently rubbing his breasts as he descended into sleep, his legs spreading as he relaxed, a tiny smile playing across his lips at his mate's touches.
John looked over at Sherlock and smiled. "Looks like we've got most things taken care of... how about we start decorating our new home?”
A discreet screen suddenly flared to life on the wall, changing from the deep red of the wallpaper to a rich cream. Gold lettering appeared in elegant script:
. It was the Christmas Sherlock had never had, but always dreamed about. The kind he only heard about from his sire's business associates talking about their own holidays, or saw in fanciful displays in shop windows in town. He kissed his Omega again.
and I was whining and whimpering the whole time that I wanted your pups in my belly... always such a slut for you!" John came with another little scream, his body convulsing, clenching like a vice around his Alpha.
house... This could be lovely, but could it be nicer than the other place? This one has a near-perfect layout, but needs total cosmetic work - the other one needs a bit of a redecorate and a few walls knocking through. If this is original Tudor it'll
to provide you with emotional comfort, and nurse you if you want it, and be everything you need. You're still my strong, dominant Alpha, I don't see you any differently for what just happened. You needed that, and I'm more than happy to provide it for you, anytime you need it." He placed a soft kiss in the Alpha's dark curls, humming as Benedict kneaded his breast with his chubby fists.
Greetings lovely readers!
John frowned a little, disappointed that a suit would be so difficult. He considered for a while, silent, until he smiled serenely, resignedly. "Buttons are a bad idea anyway..." He smirked knowingly at Sherlock. "A dress, then, please, but nothing feminine. Nice clean lines, as weddingy and suit-like as you can make it look. Maybe something with a wrap front," he mused, knowing it would be best to have easy access to his breasts so he could be milked. The tailor merely nodded and began to take the necessary measurements, noting them down as he muttered to himself. He made an appointment with them for the following month for initial fittings and took his leave.
John snuggled closer to his mate happily, smiling as Sherlock opened the book and began to read. By the time he'd finished three chapters, John had fed four more of the pups and all thirteen of them were yawning and stretching, ready to settle. The couple gently shifted the babies one by one, laying them in their cots, and returned to the bed in the middle of the room. John pressed up against Sherlock insistently, nudging his mate with his nose until the Alpha put his arm around him, and settled happily against his chest, nuzzling into the curve of his neck. His small rounded belly pressed against Sherlock's side and he gently grasped his mate's hand, dragging it to rest on his distended stomach.
Harry glared at him, apparently weighing up her options. Her left eye slid shut as she swayed unsteadily on her feet, her high heels rather too high for her to manage. She raised a finger oratorically and opened her mouth, but apparently forgot what she wanted to say and blinked, letting her hand drop again. "Why wasn't I a bridesmaid, Johnny?" she slurred sadly, leaning heavily against the door jamb. "You know it would've - would'a got me back on the market after - after. Selfish, s'why. You don't want anyone else to be as happy as YOU." John exhaled sharply thought his nose. "You're in no fit state to be on the market," he said evenly, his Alpha's presence and protection making him bolder. "Look at you, you've just turned up five hours late and pissed. You can barely function, how do you expect to hold down a relationship? Go home, Harry. We can talk when you're ready to apologise to my Alpha for disrespecting him like this."
"Oh, Sherlock," John gasped softly, kissing his cheek. "We never thought about this, did we? Never realised I'd be in my Omega but you wouldn't be in your Alpha. Shh, love, it's okay," he murmured soothingly, cuddling him close, their faces still pressed together. "You've got me now. I'm here, I won't drop completely for another week - ish - right? So let's enjoy the time we have..." he trailed off, his voice thick. He hated leaving his Alpha so lonely, while he was cooing and moaning to be knotted like an animal, hated the thought of Sherlock pining for him for months, doing everything for him, fucking him but still being lonely, unable to see his partner, only his Omega. John held him tightly, fighting tears, wanting so
spurring him to delve deeper, his tongue suddenly pressing inside the Omega with feverish, insistent eagerness.
John purred at Sherlock's gentle affection, scooping up a few pups and shuffling across to make room to lie them on the bed. He removed the blanket of babies from his Alpha, laying them carefully on the covers, and lifted two of the babies so he could carry them to the bathroom.
Lestrade purred softly as Imogen was handed to him, stroking the baby's tiny cheek. "Hey there little one," he murmured. "You're going to be a heartbreaker, aren't you? Gorgeous red hair and your Mama's dark blue eyes." He held his wrist close to her face, letting her take in his scent, a scent that would always mean
me? Tell me the truth," he half-begged, half-challenged, beginning to shiver from the February chill and the extent of his injuries. Tears began to fill his eyes from the pain, adding to the pitiful sight; bruised, bloody, small and desperate, he looked utterly pathetic and oddly human; it was jarring, so far removed from his usual slightly demented, inhuman demeanour.
"Ooh, he's really going to take your knot just like this, isn't he? I would buy my breeder two dozen treats just for that," the female Alpha complemented as she regarded John. She milked her Omega idly as she pushed in and out of her, massaging her breasts to encourage production.
from your scent... So nearly snuggled up to you, spread my legs for you... Your scent set my heat off early, do you remember? We had to go home in separate cabs when we got off the train... Did you think about it that night, Sherlock? Reaching out for me, pulling me under you and mounting me, taking me?" he breathed between moans, grunting loudly as another orgasm ripped through him.
He mewled happily as Sherlock pulled him back into his lap possessively, having poured his brother a drink. "Good to see you again Mr Holmes - now that you're not kidnapping me and threatening me with dismemberment and eye-gouging if I let your brother get out of control," Lestrade grinned cheekily, pleased at Mycroft's sudden flush of embarrassment.
he added,
"I'm the only Alpha here," Sherlock growled, oblivious, "I'm as good as 'your Alpha' at the moment! And I'm commanding you to shut up and obey me, you ridiculous Omega whore!" His voice rose to a thundering pitch. He could feel John's scent getting stronger, needier, and while it only made him feel the pull of desire annoyingly more, he was secretly pleased that John was so uncomfortable - it served the Omega right for talking back to an Alpha like him. John was lucky Sherlock was so self-controlled; any other Alpha would have had him in a second. His hand moved to his zipper, desperate to relieve some of the pain, but he yanked it away, blinking hard as he tried to stay on track.
." Lunging forward, he captured his mate's lips in a searing kiss while his hand yanked back the blankets and began stroking Sherlock's throbbing erection, slicking it with precum. "Now are you going to be a good boy for me and wank yourself off until you come all over this big, pregnant belly you gave me?" John whispered teasingly, knowing Sherlock would be more pliant afterwards if the Alpha was in control of his own orgasm. "Because good boys get rewards..." He licked his Alpha's neck suggestively before leaning back to unbutton his shirt and expose his breasts. "If you're a good boy for me and get my belly all nice and wet with your cum, you can have a little feed before the doctor gets back," he moaned breathily, his own little cock hard in his trousers from the thought.
" he whined, his voice rising to a higher pitch as John picked up his pace, "God, you're so
Sherlock had watched the entire progression with wide, hungry eyes, gazing eagerly on as his Omega's belly and breasts expanded slowly outwards, John's fingers digging into his arms as he trembled and grew, and grew, and grew. John's gasps and noises and looks of mixed surprise and horror at his rapidly changing body sent thrills through the Alpha. He could see the subtle changes in his Omega's form, as well - the newly-formed stretchmarks that marred his belly beautifully, the way his hips sat wider and plumper to accommodate his larger midsection, the way John's stance shifted and temporarily bent from the weight of his abdomen. When it was all finished, the Alpha tentatively stepped forward, his breathing inaudible compared to his Omega's heavy pants. His hands cupped the weight of the globe of the smaller man's stomach, fingers exploring the taut, full flesh in wonder. Quietly, he dipped his head down, taking several long pulls from each breast which made his Omega keen, tasting the slightly thicker milk as it ran over his tongue, claiming the Omega's new body. When he was finished, he looked his trembling, heavy mate in the eyes, his gaze soft, and moved in to gather John in his arms and kiss him sweetly, his hands trailing over his fuller form and exploring its new shape. John looked incredible, gorgeous... just the sight of him like this had the Alpha hard. Part of his mind was not sure whether he felt ecstasy or guilt for putting his mate through such an ordeal; should he have controlled himself and waited until John was at least seated? "How are you feeling?" he asked quietly at long last.
he smiled, checking the clock,
Sherlock inhaled. "I thought you wanted me to guess," he said seriously after a moment, trying in vain to stifle the joyous grin dancing on his lips. He opened his eyes to take in the sight in front of him - an unmistakable, rounded swell that was more than just retained baby fat and a few too many of Beatrice's cakes. "Come here," he purred, spreading his legs and guiding John closer. He leaned in and pressed a tender kiss to the bump. "Gorgeous," he murmured. He would have looked up at his mate, but John's enormous breasts blocked his full view, so he pulled back and guided the Omega onto his lap, kissing him deeply with pride. "Incredible."
John purred in his sleep as he felt his Alpha's cock against him and then his gentle kisses. He slept heavily for a couple of hours and hummed lightly as he woke, scenting his mate's pleasure on his skin, feeling Sherlock's arm still draped over him. "You awake, Sherlock?" he murmured, waking properly, snuggling back against him. "I think it's time, love," he said shyly, staying in his mate's embrace, but turning his head to look at the bags of fabric stored in the corner. "I need you to milk me first, please, but then... I think we should start building the nest," he said quietly, smiling, turning over in Sherlock's arms and shifting so Sherlock's face was resting on his full breasts, his nipples already dusky and plump, ready to be nursed.
"It's just that- well, I've been seeing Molly for quite a bit now-" Lestrade paused, completely unsure if there were formal words he should be using. "I - I want to ask her to marry me, and I wondered if - since you're, well, you're my pack Alpha, if you could - give us your blessing?" He looked at Mycroft with a helpless gesture. "I've got no idea what I'm supposed to be saying, to be honest. Help me out?"
"Yeah, yeah, I do," John gasped, shuddering at the feeling of his mate spilling inside him, coming again at the sensation. "I can never get enough of you, always think about how you could force your huge cock into me... love it when you claim me... hmm, you want to put a collar on me, do you? See your collar around my neck, only allowed the name you give me on the tag? Letting everyone see me as your
John felt Sherlock's scent change and twitched violently, having simultaneously tried to throw himself at the door and stop himself from doing so. "Order me to stay in my room, please!" he all but screamed. "I can't... oh, god... I want..."
John smiled innocently at him. "I agree. It's lovely, but it doesn't feel like a family should live in it. And I think we really do need a garden, even if it's just a small one, even if we are close to a park." He could feel that his breasts were approaching full, but knew he had some time yet before he got needy. On the cab ride over to the next house he sat serenely beside his Alpha, holding his hand, preventing him from touching. As they pulled up outside the address, he leaned in and whispered quickly to his Alpha; "I'll need you to milk me after we've seen this one." With that he hopped out of the cab and surveyed the house brightly, turning to the estate agent with a small smile. "Shall we, then?"
"Hey, hey, no picking on Daddy," John cooed gently, catching hold of Blake's tiny fist to stop him launching a proper assault. "Mama needs Daddy's curls intact so I can nuzzle into them before I sleep. Now babies, how about a bath? We've got the bathroom all warmed up for you and your little bathtubs are good to go as well." Benedict mewled enthusiastically and Adam perked up a little, his interest piqued. John chuckled and kissed the babies soft cheeks, snuggling alongside his mate while covering himself in their babies as well. They could take a few minutes like this, John thought, blanketed by their young, before they had to move the short distance to the bathroom.
- gorgeously tight," the woman replied, "Can feel her... unhhh... trying to force my knot out... she's got three of my pups in there, after all, fighting to burst out of her... oohhhhhhhh, yesss..." Growling, she snapped her hips and forced her knot into her partner, the Omega on top of her throwing her head back and clutching at her heaving belly in ecstasy.
to apologise to John; he found more affection in himself for the doctor than before, a feeling of
"I'm sure you can," Sherlock coaxed gently, his eyes dark, "You did say you wanted to see just how full I could make you... and we haven't even had dessert yet..." He briefly pulled away to open up a carton of ice cream, and pour John a large glass of juice. "Drink this first," he murmured, tilting the cup to his Omega's lips. When John had finished half the glass, moaning that he couldn't take anymore, the Alpha rubbed the enormous globe of his belly reverently, and offered him the ice cream instead. "Come now, my Omega, just a bit more... I could always order you..." The words weren't a threat or a demand as much as a suggestion; if his mate asked to be ordered to finish the last of the meal, then Sherlock would indulge him.
, Sherlock pushed innocently through the bond. He pressed closer to John, snuggling against him.
"She ran into a chair," Blake giggled.
"Nnnnnmmmggghhhhh..." John moaned agreeably,
Sherlock gazed at his mate from underneath dark, dewy lashes, his hair no longer so much curls as a thick, wavy mess, soaked and dripping from the shower spray that beat steadily against the strong muscles of his back. Caught up in the moment, he couldn't help but roll his hips more insistently, the motion soon sending the couple rocking slowly together. The Alpha soon lifted John at the waist, sliding the bath mat out from beneath him so that his skin would not stick to it and grow irritated from the attempted friction. When he let him back down, he wrapped his arms around the Omega's shoulders. Now was the moment, he felt, as he returned to the kiss with renewed but softer passion, his love and arousal as gentle as warm water compared to John's wanton fire. The next time he slid his hips back, his erect cock slipped from between the couple, angling down to press questioningly against the Omega's slick entrance.
Felix eventually deigned to allow his sire to put him in the pram with his brothers, and John allowed Catherine to push the pram containing their daughters so he could hold Sherlock's hand as they strolled. He flexed his fingers, tightening his grip, when he saw another Omega looking at Sherlock with an odd expression; the man had floppy brown hair and large dark eyes, looked around Sherlock's age, and had honey-haired twins who looked around six or seven clinging to his sleeves. John couldn't quite place the man's expression; it was something between recognition, surprise, disappointment, and wistfulness.
Held securely in John's arms, full with the Omega's milk and comforted by his caresses, he soon drifted off, sleepily murmuring a soft
"Time," he whined. "Looking after one baby is an around-the-clock job... we'll have
Sherlock couldn't help but meet his mate's lips. John's cheery determination made clear there was to be no counter-argument or despondency, but the Alpha remained not entirely placated. He gave another quiet nod and an uncertain smile when he pulled back, ignoring John's worried look and helping his Omega to his feet to set about their work in the kitchen. He obediently handed John the remaining cranberries and pulled the pan out of the drawer, nearly whining when John set to work on the dish. His Omega shouldn't have had to do the work. Especially on his favourite dish. But John gave him another stern look, and so Sherlock measured out the sugar, and soon enough there was a new batch of cranberries cooking into sauce. Unconsciously frowning, the Alpha watched the pan absently - until he felt a small, hard object bounce off his back. He turned, only to have another hit his chest -and to catch his Omega, another bad cranberry in hand, prepared for a third attack.
A little under a week later John and Sherlock found themselves on Oxford Street, battling through the crowds to do their Christmas shopping. John rolled his eyes a little as Sherlock pulled him this way and that, snarling at anyone who came too close, inwardly purring at his Alpha's protective behaviour. Eventually he found a branch of Debenhams and tugged Sherlock inside, thinking at least they could get a decent cup of tea and a spot of lunch if they didn't find any suitable presents. And John did need a seat; he now looked somewhere between ready and overdue with twins. "We've only got Mrs Hudson and Lestrade left to buy for, and we can definitely find some nice homey things in here for her. Might be able to find something for Lestrade as well... can we grab a bite to eat first?" he asked hopefully, knowing that Sherlock (who had insisted on carrying all of the bags) would probably appreciate a rest too.
Sherlock had managed to keep himself mostly quiet as the Omegas worked themselves into a frenzy, wanting to hear their groans and grunts of pleasure, but every now and then an ecstatic groan escaped from the Alpha's lips amidst the heavy panting. The scene before him was incredible, and yet only a mere appetizer for what was to come as the evening progressed. The strokes to his cock had become firmer and quicker, his swollen member practically throbbing with each movement.
