He snapped and as he felt his breathing get shorter and heart slow down, he watched Peter cry over him and Rhodey give him a sad smile. He listened as Pepper told him it would be alright and he really believes her for the rest of his ending life because he loves her so much.
“You know what Steve?” Tony asked with his eyes rimming with tears. “I think I love you too.”
“Your shoes untied.” Tony snorted and then he remembered he wasn’t technically among the living and would huff in annoyance. Steve however would sniff and bend over to tie his shoe as if he heard Tony.
The climb up the large mountain was long, it was suffering, and it was painful. For Steve. Tony just sort of awkwardly floated knowing that wherever Steve went, Tony would also go. And he was not complaining.
The process, as Tony had predicted, was long and drawn out because of the bump in and all Tony could do was try not to listen to a private moment no matter how much he just wanted to drag Steve away.
The reality stone was fast. Quickly injected into one unsuspecting Jane Foster. Tony thought there was probably a better way to handle it rather than re-infecting one of earth’s smartest scientists with a reality check. But Steve being Steve, he likes things put back the way they were.
it was found, then he just left.
“Steven Rogers, son of Sarah and Joseph Rogers.”
Tony felt sick and then it all went black.
And that is exactly what he got.
Tony got up off of the stool and walked over to the canvas and sighed a sad smile.
“You always over analyze, there’s a bigger picture and your focusing on the small things, Steve.” Tony dragged a ghost hand over the painting and stared at Steve’s conflicted face. “It looks amazing Steve,” Tony tried to reassure Steve of his painting.
He wishes he could go over there and wipe it off his face. He can’t though.
The day quickly approached where Steve had to return the stones about a week after the funeral. Tony totally forgot that there were death rocks sitting around that needed to be put back. Also, he noticed that the wait was caused by a new healthy and alive Hank Pym creating more particles. Tony watched Steve decline Sam’s help and give his goodbye to Barnes. Then while Tony was expecting to be left behind since he was not in possession of time travel equipment, the machine started and Tony was being dragged along with Steve.
When Tony was finally ripped from his body he was still present. He saw his corpse lying a few feet from him but he stood there and watched the scene play out before him. There was a pulling on his very soul trying to tear him from the earth but there was a deep presence of mourning and denial that continued to drag him down.
“No, no. I just need to know where the lab is.” Steve asked urgently, some people in lab coats walked by and Peggy dragged Steve to the side and Tony just stayed in the middle of the hallway watching Peggy and Steve interact. It was like a beautiful reunion scene in a romance movie where Tony suddenly no relation to the person he loved and all he could do was stand by and watch as the protagonist ran back to the past.
Then he looks past her and sees the destroyed look on Steve’s face and wishes he had a bit longer to make some things right.
Tony sometimes would forget he’s actually a ghost and would accidentally talk to Steve as if he could hear him.
“Anthony Stark, son of Maria and Howard Stark.”
There, right there was Peggy Carter and Tony could facepalm because he suddenly knew that this task was going to get drawn out longer than it needed to.
“Tony.” Steve breathed.
The first thing Tony noticed was that his soul unconsciously followed Steve Rogers around everywhere. If Tony wanted to go somewhere else, he just couldn’t. He was pretty much stuck next to Steve’s side until the man decided he was done mourning Tony Stark.
Well, whatever was left to make right. In between the five years they seemed to rebuild the bridge and strengthen it because their friendship became more solid as time grew on. They still had their cold moments but every time after they forgave each other, nothing seemed so bad to keep them apart.
They reached the top and Steve took a minute to allow his legs to slightly rest and he pulled out the soul stone holding it in his bare palm. He stared at the stone and slowly began stepping forwards until a voice called out to them.
“I have several different ways I am able to transport the case to Mr. Stark without physical contact.”
“Yeah Peg?” Steve replied. It was simple but coming out of Steve’s mouth like that, it sounded like it repatched a hundred moments stolen from Steve and frozen out of Peggy’s grasp.
“You what?” Peggy asked in disbelief. “You were already here?”
Steve was walking down the hall then an office door opened and he literally ran into one Peggy Carter.
It was Steve. Tony could feel his soul pulling him toward the man who broke down onto his knees and nearly started crying over a won battle.
“How are you here?” she asked, getting straight to the questions and looking for answers. Typical Peggy Carter.
Steve was painting in his room and the canvas was clean except for the short brushes of a light orange dabbed throughout the large frame. Tony couldn’t guess what the main object was going to be so he sat on a nearby stool and watched Steve scrunch up his face as he tried to create an image with colors.
And they don’t stop.
“I always knew you could install a Warp engine on smaller vessels, but never got a chance to try it out.”
“There is something…” Steve swallows and breathes in. “Something is… stuck. Inside.”
Pain explodes in Steve’s veins and the anger of the insult blends perfectly with the pleasure of holding Tony’s delicate body in his arms, so open and vulnerable just for Steve. It’s just too much, too overwhelming, and Steve has to suck on Tony’s gland again to keep himself quiet, so he won’t accidentally inform the whole building of what’s happening inside this small space.
Jarvis turned to face Tony and smiled. “You did the right thing, you saved his life. Doing the right thing, caring for others is never stupid.” He kept his eyes on Tony and his smile warmed the edges of Tony’s heart a little bit. “Talk to him. Tell him how you feel. He might want this too, Anthony, just talk to him.”
Tony’s body went numb. He couldn’t feel his feet as he ran out of the door so he missed a step and twisted an ankle but he couldn’t tell if it hurt or not. Steve was
waiting in the foyer makes him feel slightly better.
Pretty much, at least before he meets the chief engineer of the ship.
“I don’t give a fuck, you jerk.” Tony rubs his hip against Steve’s and a fresh rush of arousal goes through Steve’s core.
since he has met him. The way he has treated Steve like he is a piece of fine glass art, with care and diligence. The way he has tried to shift things in his multi-billion dollar business, yelling and swearing, to do the right thing for his employees and the public as much as he can, never mentioning a thing about saving himself from any harm, financially or physically.
Steve straightened and pulled his shield out immediately pocketing the stone getting ready to pounce on the speaker.
“Mr. Rogers.” she said clearly catching his attention. “You may have to watch what you do, you never know who may be paying attention to your actions.” Tony froze and looked at the woman and waved and smiled when he got the slightest motion of a hand back.
“I am just stating the names of those who are present, naive Captain.” the figure floated forward and the blood red skull stood out against its black hood. “All those years ago, when I seeked power disregarding the consequences, the punishment had delivered me here to guard the stone for all the many years to come.”
So Tony watched his closet family cry while he drifts away and looks Steve in the eye one more time before he sees him fall to his knees and suddenly Tony’s soul drifts from his body.
“Still by your side Rogers.” Tony whispered into Steve’s ear when they started travelling to a new location.
Tony tried to whisper into Steve’s ear. It sounds harsh but Tony just might be a little cranky that Steve is paying attention to a past jewel more than he is to Tony. Not that he could pay attention to him.
“Face it captain, you cannot try to finish me anymore. I am not among the living, just as your friend beside you. I know what you came here to do.” Shmidt said before he faded out and Steve was left with the stone in his palm and one Tony Stark beside him.
He attended his funeral, he still doesn’t actually know where his body is, but he stood by Steve’s side and luckily he could rest a hand on Peter’s shoulder as the boy cried. He saw Morgan and Pepper together and knew that they were strong and would be alright.
It actually felt more like he was being torn from his body. It didn’t hurt, it kind of tickled actually, but it’s a better analogy than drifting.
Tony froze and Steve’s look darkened.
Steve was absolutely adorable when he blushed and Tony loved him so much for it.
“Long story, time travel.” Steve said as if that would explain anything. Tony rolled his eyes. “I may need you help.” he then pulled the space stone out of his pocket with his gloved hand and held it out towards Peggy. “This is the tesseract, earlier I came here and stole it and I need to put it back.”
He’s a ghost. And that’s the easiest way he could put the situation that he is in. Stuck in a world he can’t interact with.
When Steve returned to the compound, he was alone besides Bruce, Sam and Bucky waiting there for him. He walked off of the platform and dropped onto one knee. Tears gathered into his eyes and his head was bowed.
Then came the soul stone.
Tony would tell him where to go but Steve would go the exact other way because being a ghost sucks. Steve was in a hallway with a bunch of doors which lead into peoples offices. Then Steve took the stairs to a lower level and walked around until he somehow found a science-y looking lab.
Tony just looked at Steve and the single tear that cleaned a path down his dirty face.
“I was with you the whole time.” Tony told him.
“Thanks” Steve said in reply with a single tear streaming down his face, and Tony feeling like his celestial body is thrumming with energy.
“No, its June fifth, 1970. Howard just got back, should I get him?” Peggy took out a device that looked like an early phone but before she could do anything with it, Steve stopped her.
“Why are you here. You should be dead.” Steve asked urgently. “And why did you say that name?”
“Hey Jarvis?” Steve asked, his head looking up at the ceiling, Tony thought it was adorable.
Clint leaned back in his chair with a cat-ate-the-canary grin as Steve let out a deep sigh.
“I swear I will be on my best behavior. If I do anything to cause you embarrassment you can revoke my privileges.”
The chickens of course, did not respond. What was he expecting? Bracing himself, Tony hobbled his way forward, surprised when they moved out of the way, and then astounded when they fanned out around him in a circle. He had an avian escort. Of sorts. Whatever, weirder things had happened in his life. He wasn't going to look askance at this one.
Tony couldn't help his instinctive flinch as Steve reached for him, but instead of the blow he had been anticipating, he found himself up ended and flung over Steve’s shoulders. He let out a soft groan as his stomach made contact with the hard, broad shoulder of his Alpha.
“Yeah well, it’s uh, Captain America.”
Hey guys! Long time no type! I hope everyone is hanging in there with this covid-19 pandemic going on. I know my house has been crazy! The kids are home from school and biting into my writing time. As I type this, they are running around in their tighty-whities, attacking each other with blankets and pillows. Yes, they have weaponized blankets. No this is not fun play, they are at war if the shrill screams are anything to go by. Please send help.
Chapter Five:
“I said the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places.”
Tony clenched his jaw, back molars grinding together in attempt to stop the groan of frustration that wanted to escape. It was like he was back to living with dear old Dad again, from the stern disapproval and creased brow to the dictator like list of what his daily schedule was going to be. At least there weren't those damn Omega decorum classes, which had been inflicted on Tony throughout his teenage years. So much bowing and scraping. Was your Alpha angry? This is what you need to do to soothe that hot temper. Has he withdrawn from the mating? Here’s how to spark his interest again. Gentle manipulation was what young Tony Stark had been taught. Ways to guide and shape events into a desired outcome. Speaking out and speaking up, of course, was never an option.
“Are you sure you can’t stay for dinner, Colonel?” Natasha asked with a saccharine smile that did not, for one second, fool Tony. That she-witch was up to something.
The next few days were a blur of activity. Tony found himself, once again, submerged in pack life. There was training, dinners, and movies with the pack. Picnics with the Barton clan where Tony and the kids built rockets and sent them hurtling up into the sky. More than once the rockets got trapped in the high branches of a tree, but luckily there were a few Alphas eager to help fish it down for them.
“And gold. Don't forget the gold. Those colors? Swanky.”
Tony’s eyes darted up, defiantly, to glance at Steve before meeting Bruce’s gaze. “They’re bruised, not broken.” Tony reaffirmed.
“That was actually terrible. Like legitimately the worst thing- it should be considered an actual war crime. Did you try to poison me?”
And with that she strolled out of the kitchen, hips swaying with deadly grace. Tony shuddered. That lady gave him the heeby jeebies. He had liked Nat when he had originally met her during his holy-shit-I’m-gonna-die phase. To be honest, he still liked her. He just didn't trust her.
As a matter of fact, getting the rockets out of the tree branches became a game in itself to the alphas as they all took turns trying to out-do each other while the others jeered or called taunts from the sidelines. Nat had won for quickness as she all but ran up the tree, flitting from branch to branch before she grabbed the rocket and somersaulted to the ground, landing in an almost feline crouch. Clint had lost points when he tried to shoot the rocket out of the tree and instead ripped an almost irreparable hole through the parachute. His teammates had teased him for being lazy. When it was the winter soldiers turn the kids and Tony had watched with awe as he flipped from branch to branch, dangling upside down to free the trapped rocket before dropping down branch to branch before swinging to the ground. There had been stars in little Lila’s eyes as Bucky had placed the rocket in her outstretched hands. Bruce had hulked out, ripped the tree from the soil, and smashed both the tree and the rocket into pieces. At the end he had gingerly picked up what was left of the toy and placed it into Tony’s shocked hands. Tony had cocked his head to the side to stare up at the panting green Alpha.
“Well with you out of the weapons game the US government had to defer to the next leading expert on weapons technology.” Rhodes said with a shrug, wiping his forearm across his forehead. His gaze turned toward the cabin in the distance and the growing crowd of onlookers making their way, somewhat aggressively, out of it.
Tony shook his head. “Thanks for the help, boy wonder.” he muttered, “coulda used that super strength at any point to help me lug my pal up here. But no. Wouldn't want you to strain yourself.” Rhodey was going to have a massive hangover tomorrow. Hiding his smile Tony got to work on his friends boots and was startled when Steve joined him. Unlacing the boots and shucking them to the ground they studied Rhodes sleeping form.
With that Captain Steven Rogers released him abruptly, then turned on his trim heel and strode through the stunned crowd like a hot knife through butter.
“Sure thing Rogers.” Tony said agreeably, flopping down onto the edge of his “bed”. “Say in,” he glanced down at his watch “an hour?”
“Geez Rogers, a little warning would be nice. I mean it, I can walk.”
It was a long time before Tony fell asleep that night.
“The team is currently on a mission,” Steve was saying, finally something that caught Tony’s attention, his cheeks were starting to hurt from the polite interest he had schooled onto his features “and they should be back in a week or less. So that will give you time to acclimate to your new routine. When the pack is in residence it is your responsibility to cook and clean for them. Three square meals. Snacks they can take care of themselves.”
Tony’s eyes narrowed suspiciously.
Firstly:
A cool breeze stirred the air, and Tony lifted his head from the cold tile of the shower wall. The shower door was fogged up, and Tony swiped at the condensation to peer out into the bathroom. There was nothing there. Unease still had his shoulders stiff, the hair at the nape of his neck standing on end. With a muffled curse he finished his shower, shoving down the irritation he felt at having it cut short.
How an honorable man like Howard Stark had begotten a weasel like Tony, Steve would never know. If it hadn't been for Howard Stark Steve would still be a poor, weak, kid from Brooklyn. He and Bucky both had earned one of the coveted SI scholarships. Upon meeting Howard for the first time Steve had had an asthma attack that had nearly killed him. Concerned, Mr. Stark had offered a new medicine his company was developing. It would be risky but it could potentially take care of the asthma, the allergies, and the illnesses that Steven was riddled with. It had done more than that. Much more. Steve owed everything to Howard Stark. Which was the
“You’re so…” the aghast exhalation was followed by a stream of vitriol. “Are you kidding me, Stark? What is this? Too afraid to take it to the mats? I always thought you were a bully, but never a coward. As if you would actually...Is this an Omega apology? You expect me to believe-” he came around the table, his boots polished to a neat shine entering the corner of Tony’s field of vision. “That you’re actually sorry?  You can spout off at the mouth but won't bother to try to back it up. You think I don't know that this isn't some weird little mind game? Well guess what Stark, you know how a true Omega apologizes? With his mouth.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Surprise flickered briefly across Tony’s face before he could shut it down, close it off.
Natasha rolled her eyes. “I think you’ve been pretending to be someone for so long, you don’t know who you really are anymore. It’s one of those takes one to know one situations. So if you need to talk about anything, including Iron man, I’m all ears.”
“Oh geez, looks like you’re right, Rogers. I was supposed to peel them first.”
“I’m… I’m sorry that I… I thought you said…”
Sure, it was only day one. Not going to hit him. Right. His mouth settled into a mulish line as he turned his head away, refusing to look at Steve. Refusing to acknowledge what had just transpired between them. The word humiliation didn't even do it justice.
Before Tony could answer or deflect, and he most definitely would have deflected, Steve’s hands were on him. Tony startled at the touch, the warm heat of Steve’s coarse palms running up his arms and down his back with a firm measured pressure. When his thumbs grazed his ribs, Tony sucked in a pained breath. Blue eyes flickered up to meet his, the concern there evident.
“Do you have any idea,” Steve began after a little while, in a calm voice that belied his actions, long strides eating up the ground as he about faced and made his way out of the woods and back towards the packhouse. “How worried we all were when you didn't come home? The entire pack is out looking for you right now. I told you to tell me if you went hiking, Tony.”
“Oh, Tony.” She sighed, her arms wrapping around his shoulders and pulling him close. He could feel the slight shake in her shoulders.
“Mm yeah, super huge fan.” Tony rolled his eyes “Okay here we go,” Tony grunted as he staggered up the stairs with Rhodey, trying his best to keep them both from breaking their necks. There were a couple of close calls but after a good five minutes they finally made it up okay.
Tony had made that discovery quite accidentally when he was out exploring the grounds, eager to get out of the house that was quickly becoming suffocating. His eyes had alighted on the two story farm house in the distance, wide wrap around porch with a scattering of children's toys in the yard. There was a small pink bike with glitter tassels in the handle bars and a white wicker basket propped up against the porch, a blue one left haphazardly in the grass by the driveway. Baseball bats and soccerballs were left discarded on the porch by small, careless, hands. He could, even from a distance, hear the happy laughter of children playing, followed by the deeper cadence of Clint’s voice. He was playing with his children, and it was clear that they loved him. Some unnamed emotion made his throat tight, his chest hurt, and his eyes prick. He had about faced, heading off into the woods in the distance instead of following the dirt road that would lead him past Clint’s home and further up into the mountains.
“Those army rations are pretty terrible, huh Colonel?” Clint commiserated.
“Look, I’m sorry. I lost track of the time, I had an accident. I was on my way back, it won't happen again.”
Tony groaned, driving his fingers into his hair, tugging at the short strands in frustration. “Did you not hear a word I just said Rogers? This isn't about me or what I want. If it was, I wouldn't be standing in front of you. This.” he said, taking a bold step into Steven Rogers’ personal space “is about doing the right. Fucking. Thing. This is about innocent lives being lost if we make the wrong choice.”
“Right as rain, Rogers.” Tony slapped Rhodey on the shoulder, his face twisting slightly with disgust as he seemed to forget - again - that his buddy was covered in sweat. “Rhodey was just dropping in to say hello and wish us, uh, felicitations on our mating. But he’s a busy guy. Terribly busy. Saving the country and all that, you know how that goes, so he has to -”
Steve looked up from the morning newspaper, confusion wrinkling his brow, before something that suspiciously looked like guilt filled his eyes.
you, Stark. I don’t hold with that sort of thing. And I’m not going to ask you...ask you for favors that you aren't willing to give. I would never do that.”
Tony was learning to relax in the other man’s presence. He was learning that Steve was not his father, and although not perfect by any stretch of the imagination, he wasn't a terrible Alpha. And maybe, just maybe, he would become someone that Tony could lean on.
Natasha nodded, her lips curled. “We were able to get his name, this scientist of yours, but he disappeared off the grid. Could be that he found out we were on to him. Could be because he’s not real.”
Welcome to Chapter 3! For the record I do not normally update this quickly - so future chapters will have a bit of a longer wait to them! Sorry!
“You’re kidding me. How are you hiding that from them? Why are you hiding that from them? It’s one of your greatest assets, Tony. Also one of the most infuriating things about you. Okay, you know what, I can see it now.”
Tony snorted. She smiled, and it was one that held warmth and understanding.  “You know, SHIELD sent me to find out the identity of a mutual friend of ours. You might’ve met him. Bright red-”
“Yeah, Tony. Hey, listen. About all that stuff. I mean, you can go outside or around the property whenever you want. There are some hiking trails too if you want to stick to the paths. Just make sure you’re home in time for meals and your responsibilities are all taken care of. And don’t leave the property. We have a lot of land here, so that would be pretty hard to do. But you’re welcome to explore it whenever you’d like.”
“Over here!”  Tony shouted back, resigned to his fate.
Tony took a deep breath to calm his racing heart as he heard the front door swing shut. He closed his eyes and breathed, hardly daring to think about the complete turnaround in his situation. And yet? A part of him refused to believe it. It was too soon, after all. Sooner or later Tony would piss Steve off and the Alpha would take him in hand. Revoke his privileges, push him around the way that Howard used to.  Tony was used to being given things and having them ripped out of his hands...that was pretty much the summation of his childhood.
Hey there my favorite readers! Thank you so much for all of your lovely reviews, it means so much to read each and every one of them. I love them and I love that you are still sticking with my story! Sorry that this took so long to get to you. And sorry that I am a lying liar who lies. Rhodey was not in this chapter. <.<   >.> I am no longer making promises for when he will appear (he will! I swear!) I have the best intentions, but then the story kind just veers in this different direction and I get away from myself. And then it becomes too long and if I had added Rhodey's part to this chapter it would have taken even more time for me to post. I also, like usual, apologize for bad grammar and spelling mistakes. I've mostly been writing when I'm exhausted, so I'm sure the chapter is riddled with errors. Thank you for your patience.
Tony walked that path for a good hour before heading back, the muscles in his calves tight. He had worked up a good sweat, and lunch was due to be made soon, but he could afford to take a quick shower before he started desecrating the kitchen again. He entered the eerily quiet house, lost in his thoughts as he trudged his way up the stairs and to the small bathroom at the end of the hall. Closing the door behind him he stripped off his dirty clothes, letting them fall in a messy heap to the floor, before starting up the shower and getting in.
He had said with an apologetic smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes as he waggled his fingers, both flesh and metallic, in the air. Considering the alpha had the reflexes of a cat, Tony wasn’t fooled. In high school whenever he had seen Rogers or Barnes walking down the hall with their arms laden with books, he and his cronies would slap whatever they were holding right out of their hands.
“It uh, appears that the US military has taken out a new contract with Hammer Tech Industries.”
Steve felt the corner of his lips twitching as he nodded with forced solemnity. “I think I’ll pass on the bacon.” he said, proud of the evenness of his voice. “Thank you for making breakfast, Tony. How’s that hand?”
Steve glanced down at the slumbering Omega tucked next to him, his face lax with sleep. Soundlessly the team looked up and made eye contact with Steve. After everything they had been through together, the battles they had seen, they needed no words. Each and every one of them had been disgusted by the scars that littered Tony’s body. Evidence of the abuse he had sustained. Was it all from Afghanistan? Steve didn't know much about what had happened there, to be honest. He knew by Natasha’s pointed look that she was intent on finding out more than the barebones information they currently had. He knew that Tony had been kidnapped, that had certainly been all over the news, and had resurfaced months later in a suit made by a scientist named Yinsen that would become the framework for the Iron Man suit. What had Tony endured in those months of captivity? Was that what had put the wariness in his eyes, the flinching obedience? Had he ever received help or counseling?
Yes, sashayed.
.” Steve growled, scooping Tony up and physically depositing him onto a stool.
“No. No. A thousand times no,” Tony’s lips firmed, the defiance in his eyes wavering for a moment as he belated added “Alpha.”
Steve choked, actually choked, and his smile looked strained around the edges. Bruce was staring at Rhodey in an almost horrified fascination. Natasha just looked pensive. Which was an absolutely frightening look on her, if he did say so himself. Clint and Bucky were merely shaking their heads at the poor sad sap that was Rhodey.
“I know… we went over some, uh, household expectations but… here sit down, we can, we
Plus there was the fact that Tony had come out as an Omega to the media. He was now the conservative Rogers’ Omega, one who the Alpha-ruled world unanimously agreed that needed to be put in his place. It started on day one. Tony fought the blush that wanted to rise to his cheeks at the memory of how Rodgers had made him kneel before him while he read the contract.
The press had a field day with that one. He had been raked over the coals. His every action when he had been CEO called into question. The merchant of death an Omega? Everywhere he turned his face was blasted across the media. The board of directors had been outraged. Even though it was the twenty-first century and Omega rights had come a long way from where they had once been, no one wanted an Omega in a position of power at a fortune 500 company. Omegas were supposed to be soft. They were teachers, nurses, artists, poets and creators. The only thing that Tony had created was death and destruction.
Steve’s lips parted as if he wanted to say something, then with a gruff shake of his head he turned, beckoning Tony to follow him.
“It’s okay, Tony. You’ll get it next time.” Steve walked over to the sink and turned the water off then turned back toward Tony, who seemed to be side eyeing him. Yeah, after losing his temper in such a colaselly stupid way last night, Steve couldnt really blame the guy.
“Mister Stark, Mister Stark - we’re here.” The message was delivered with a gentle shake to his shoulder and a kind smile from the elderly driver. “You slept for the whole trip. But they’ll be waiting for you inside the main house there.”
After signing the papers and placing the bite, Rogers had all but stormed out of the room.
like. Tony had only ever been a part of a very small pack, and his life under his father’s rule had been nothing short of terrible. Here… here with the avengers he felt almost a part of the team. They had certainly warmed up to him over the past couple of weeks. They even seemed to care about him, which was as surprising as it was refreshing.
“Nah, I got this covered, appreciate the concern though Sourpatch. Oh and uh, that kid I bullied, no big deal, not like it means anything or any-”
Rhodey shook his head, tossed his napkin on his plate, and pushed his chair back.
“And ribs.” Steve added, his voice carefully bland and clipped.
“Anytime, Sourpatch.” Tony patted his friend's sweaty arm and immediately regretted it. It had taken him about twenty minutes to get Rhodey out of War Machine without damaging it too badly in the process. Tony was working with rudimentary and pilfered tools, not his full workshop or lab back home, otherwise he would have had his buddy out of that suit in mere minutes. It was probably better for Rhodey that Tony wasn't at home- because he certainly wouldn't have given the state-of-the-art tech back after finding out that his pal had let Hammer put his grubby, untalented, little mitts all over his baby.
“How long do I have, J?”
Steve turned to stare at him, his blue eyed glare like a punch to the gut with the barely concealed disdain burning there.
Clint couldn't help the short bark of a laugh that escaped him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I think the Omega doth protest too mush. Mush. Muh-ch.”
For the first time the team was forced to view Tony not as who he
Tony didn't even have the chance to smile before a strong arm wrapped around his waist, a much larger body tackling him to the ground. They turned at the last second so that Tony landed on a broad chest instead of the hard packed earth. Having the upper hand lasted only for a moment. A heartbeat later found him rolled flat on his back, pinned to the ground under a much larger and stronger Steve Rogers. Breathless and laughing, Tony stared up into a mock solemn Steve Rogers red glittery face.
“My pleasure...
Stark!?” Steve yelped, stumbling backwards, nearly tripping in his need to get away while righting his pants around his hips. He zipped up and got the snap done, but the freaking belt wouldn't close now, Steve’s fingers suddenly thick and clumsy. With a frustrated snort he ripped it free of his pants.
“To be honest Tony, it’s an Alpha thing. You’re my omega. You’re just going to have to trust me on this. You’re my mate, even if we haven’t consummated that part, and a part of my pack. I don’t like it when you’re hurt or hurting. I especially don’t like it when you’re afraid and trying to hide that you’re hurting from me. It makes me… frustrated. Not at you, just, it makes me feel like I need to… I don’t know. I’d just really appreciate it if you did us all a favor and tonight just let me take care of you.”
Still, despite thinking himself prepared to meet Tony Stark for the first time, Clint found himself struck dumb as Tony sashayed into the dining room.
“I am not mad at
Stepping on to the bath mat and out of the shower two things became immediately clear. His instincts were correct. Someone had been in the room with him not too long ago. They were gone now, and so were his clothes. A quick peek into the bathroom closet confirmed that all the towels were gone too. Tony stood, dripping wet, on a damp bath mat and stared at the towel that had been left for him. It was one that he had never seen before but it didn't take a genius like himself to figure out what was going on here.
“I fell, Rogers. I’m not an invalid.”
As pack leader, Steve would be expected to have the biggest homestead so that he could host the pack in times of trouble. Luckily Steve’s pack was a small one, and he was sure every member of it had their own room inside - even if they lived somewhere else. So in the event of an emergency or a meeting, no one would be forced to bunk down together. They didn't have to share space under one roof, like in days of old. Most likely, the rest of his pack had homes nearby and used Rogers’ home as a meeting place.
It was clear to Tony that Steve had offered the second option more as an insult than anything else. Steve didn't think that Tony was capable of apologizing. And a month ago he would have been right. But now? Now Tony was literally living on this man’s mercy. All he had to do was keep his head down, not make waves, and in a couple of years or less if Pepper had anything to say about it,  the Omega Rights Activists would overturn those laws that kept him bound here. He could get a divorce, leave Steve and the Avengers, and start over somewhere new. Even if he lost his entire fortune it wouldn't matter. He could make it back eventually. He was smart. He didn't need a lot. What he needed to do was shut his damn mouth, play the long game no matter how much it rankled. It would only be a couple of years. He could survive anything that long. Hell, he had survived his entire childhood, right? Anything else would be a walk in the park compared to that.
He had sneered, chuckling with his friends as he left the lower classmen to try and pick up the mess he had created. It had been cruel. Tony had felt justified.
That is, until the late Obidiah Stane’s last will and testament had revealed that Tony Stark was indeed an Omega. It went to show that Obie couldn't go to the grave unless he was sure that Tony had been utterly and completely ruined.
**TRIGGER WARNING**
his monthly visits into the city, and he knew he didn't have a choice but to kow-tow to this roid rager’s dream.  He kicked his chair backward, sent it hurtling across the wood floor behind him. Satisfaction and anticipation gleamed in Steve’s eyes. He opened his mouth, but before the Alpha could say one more inflammatory, degrading thing, Tony sank to his knees. Head bowed, neck exposed, arms crossed behind his back - arching his spine, gaze to the floor. He struggled to bring passivity and calm to his face, forcing himself to take even and deep breaths.
Blue eyes narrowed in concern on Tony’s dirt streaked face. “Aside from your ankle, are you hurt anywhere else?”
It didn't take long for his rights in the company to be stripped from him. Pepper tried her hardest to defend him, bless her heart, but the board of directors and their investors were relentless. They wanted Tony gone, or under control. Their lawyers had dug around and found some antiquated laws. Because Tony had lied to everyone about his second gender, he could be convicted in a court of law of breaking about a half dozen antiquated laws that the Omega Rights Movement had not yet been able to overturn. The board had given Tony a choice. Go to jail, or pick a mate from one of the list of bachelors the company had provided.
Natasha leaned closer to him, her hip pressed to his side, her voice soft as she whispered
He had all but single handedly taken over the R/D department at Stark Industries and stunned the world and delighted the United States Military with his tech. Tech that might have had his name on it, but none of the credit was given to him. Perhaps that was what had rankled most. It was his genius that was keeping Stark Industries from failing, from going under. It was his tech that was wowing the world and winning contracts with the government. And yet the only accolades he was given was People’s most handsome man of the year award (two years running, thank you very much).
Tony paused on the other side of the wall, straining to hear Steve’s response. He could have said a number of things. He could have told Bucky to back off, to leave him alone, but he didn’t. Instead Steve said nothing and as far as Tony was concerned that… spoke louder than words.
It hadn’t worked then, and it didn't seem to be working now.
Steve paused as he rounded the bend in the trail. His body was rigid, primed, his blue eyes sharp and cutting as they took in Tony and the flock. Steve tapped a com unit in his ear. “Found him, meet me back at the packhouse.” Some unnamed emotion wrinkled his brow, his lips parted, but before he could say anything Tony held up a placating hand.
“Oh?”
Rhodey of course knew the truth. There weren't many secrets that Tony kept from his good friend.
“Wonderful. It’s been a long time since I”be had one of Tony’s home cooked meals.”
Tony shook his head.
“Come on platypus, it's time to get you up to bed, you’re starting to get sappy and you know how I feel about that.”
Tony sighed, pinched the bridge of his nose, and muttered “I should just let him cook in that damn suit. I really should. Serve him right.”
He was placed on the couch while Bruce and Natasha piled pillows for his ankle to rest on. Steve sat next to him, forcing Tony to lean against the Alpha, while Bruce put the peas in a towel and placed it on his ankle. Bucky and Clint were arguing over what to watch, while Natasha sat at the far end of the couch and rolled her eyes. The guys finally settled upon Star Wars revenge of the sith. Pizza was ordered, popcorn was shared, and Tony fell asleep to the sound of Chancellor Palpatine commanding the clone troopers to execute order 66.
It had been after a home football game. Everyone knew that Rogers liked to take long showers and was often the last one to leave the locker room. Tony had snuck in with a couple of buddies, grabbed all the towels and clothes, and left a poor, sopping wet, Steve Rogers naked and vulnerable in the school locker room. Not that, at that point, Rogers could be considered vulnerable. He had already undergone the serum which had transformed him from a mealy, weak, sickly Alpha into what would become Captain-fucking-America. It was besides the point. Tony’s aim had been to humiliate Rogers, and it had worked. When he came dripping out of the locker room the entire senior class as well as half of the school had been waiting outside. Rogers had grabbed the closest thing, the American flag that hung on the wall outside the locker room, and wrapped it around his hips while everyone laughed and took pictures, making cat calls. The fact that Peggy Carter just happened to be there had only sweetened the deal.
“Which means? Wait, what did you just say?”
It really hadn't taken long for Tony to make his dislike of Steven known. Being shoulder checked in the hallway, shoved into lockers, his books slapped out of his hands, his locker and all the belongings inside of it defaced… these were just small things Tony had done to him as a freshman
Rhodey cocked his head to the side, gaze trailing from the group in the distance slowly back to Tony, “No, I don't think I do. Maybe you should use that big genius brain of yours and explain it to me.”
Standing in a clear line across the path were the heath-hens. There were six of the little bastards, and they were all eyeing him with what Tony considered to be a malicious intent.
. Over the past few weeks Tony had kept mostly to himself despite Steve’s many attempts to draw him into pack activities. Tonight he hadn't given Tony a choice. He had all but forced the Omega to sit down and lean on him, surrounded by the strongest members of the pack. Within the first five minutes he could see the tension leave the Omegas body. Whether he wanted to admit it or not, Tony needed a pack to lean on. Just as they all did. Steve intended to give him one. He still wasn't Tony’s biggest fan by any stretch of the imagination, Tony was too sarcastic and prickly and secretive for that, but he found he no longer harbored the same resentment he once had toward the Omega.
Chapter 2:
Nothing mattered but keeping his tech out of enemy hands. Not his pride. Not his reputation. Nothing.
“Well, there goes the bacon!” there was a muffled curse. His gaze fell to the cookbooks that had been left out, all of them open and in various states of disarray. There was a stalk of celery sticking out of the Cooking for Dummies. It looked as if Stark was using it as a bookmark.
For some reason he just couldn't help but dig at Tony. It hadn't been well done of him before, he knew, to bring up the cooking thing. Tony had been born with a silver spoon in his mouth, probably had a legion of household staff who did his cleaning and cooking for him since the day he was whelped. It had set him off. And then of course bringing up his dead father…
“Keep it up, Stark, and the only part of the house you’ll be allowed in will be the attic.”
“The rooster?”
talking about Rhodey bear. He was, of course, talking about his brain child. “I don’t want to say impossible but-”
“I, uh, I’ll call now.” Tony had mumbled, backing away with his new phone in hand.
“Tony is right. He’s got some bruised ribs and a sprained ankle. That lump on his head is a little concerning. We’ll give him some ibuprofen, or if the pain is bad I’m sure we can get something a bit stronger too. We need to elevate that ankle, and ice it. I don't want to wrap his ribs for a bruise, it’s only going to make breathing harder. We don’t want him to get pneumonia. He will need someone to wake him up every 4 hours tonight to make sure he isn't concussed.”
“I’ll be in the gym if you’d like to join me later! Wanna stay in shape to keep ahead of those chickens!” Steve called up after the irate Tony.
“Some of the best meals I’ve ever had, to be honest. Your Dad had you trained by Michelin Star chefs, right?”
“It’s okay, Tony.”
“Thanks, Alpha.” As soon as the words escaped him Tony mentally groaned. He had just called Steve Alpha. Which, of course, Steve technically was but to actually say it out loud...
And then Steve was handing him his medicine, grabbing a bag of frozen peas, and then scooping Tony up
Tony shrugged. “More or less?”
It was a long walk back to the cabin.
Guilt prickled across the nape of his neck. Soured slightly in his stomach.
Except that there was a fine tremor working its way up from his knees to his belly. Steve blew right through his chicken guard, who scattered with what sounded like outraged hisses and clucks as he bowled through them. Did chickens hiss?
Steve had given him an inscrutable look. “I’ll look into it for you. I don't have anything like that here, but maybe Bruce can come up with something. Or even the IT guys at SHIELD.”
But clearly it had occurred to Stark. He was just going to let him…? Well of course he was. For all his bluster, at the end of the day, Stark was an Omega. And although they had more rights and privileges and had made great strides since the 50s… they were still so very vulnerable. Steve guessed he had never realized it before. Never really had to face it. But staring down at Tony’s bent head, tense shoulders, and the almost imperceptible trembling of his fingers, Steve was being forced to face it. And what he saw he didn't like it.
implied how Stark should make his apology. Chrissakes. Disgust soured his stomach. Disgust at himself. Stark had been about to, was about to… Jesus. It occurred to Steve, suddenly, how much control he had over Tony now. How much he could hurt Stark, the different ways he could…
“Oh and Tony, some of the wildlife can be aggressive so… if you’re going on a hike maybe just let me know.”
And that was when he smelt it. The coppery tang of fear. It was faint, so faint in fact that for a moment he thought he had imagined it. His gaze tripped over toward Stark who was staring at his slightly trembling hands. He watched the other man’s adam's apple bob as he swallowed. Watched as he clasped both those hands together in front of him, fingers flexing, knuckles white.
Turning from the window he rubbed at his burning eyes, fishing out a mug from the cabinet where he had found them earlier. Plain white, all of them, no funny catch phrases or irony here. No cartoon characters of puppy dogs or even a “I went to New York and all I got was this lousy mug”. As a matter of fact, the entire house was like those plain coffee mugs. Sure, it looked nice, but it almost seemed… unfinished. There were no personal touches, no framed photographs, nothing to give a clue into the psyche of the person who lived here. It was like bran cereal. Oatmeal.
“What the hell?” he gasped, ribs protesting the sudden movement.
A soft knock on the doorframe caught Tony’s attention. Steve was leaning there, amusement glittering in his eyes. “You got everything under control here?”
A frisson of unease trailed up Tony’s spine. He clicked his teeth shut, the prior amusement he felt bleeding from his eyes until only a mask of polite interest was left. Despite his best efforts his knee-jerk reaction was to tilt his head to the side, baring his neck to the penetrating stare of his Alpha. Tony tried to cover the movement by slapping his hand to massage the back of his neck in an aw-shucks manner as he  hitched his duffel higher up on his other shoulder.
, Tony.” Steve grit out, after a few minutes of brittle silence. Tony startled as Steve began to gently wipe at his face with a damp cloth, eyes narrowed as he checked him over for scrapes and bruises. “You must’ve hit your head here.” he murmured, probing at the sore area gently. Tony tried to jerk away, Steve wouldn't let him.
He sighed, watching the sun begin its descent in the sky. He had spent too much time out here in the woods, and if he didn't put some pep in his step then he was going to be late for dinner. Shoving down the irritation that was simmering in his chest he started back down the mountain before remembering about those damned menacing chickens. He had seen them on his way up into the forest, they seemed to migrate from the back field to the edge of the main trail that led up into the mountains, and he had only just narrowly avoided a confrontation with the little monsters on his way up. Now he was going to have to go the long way around to avoid being pecked bloody. Fool me once, and all that.
Maya Hansen masked her nervousness well with dry humor and minuscule expressions besides the occasional sardonic twist of her mouth, but her scent gave away her fear. Natasha knew the woman was deeply afraid, though it was hard to tell what made her more uncomfortable: being in a room with the hostile Avengers, or sitting next to the target of their hostility.
“I’m happy to note that even here in the west, bureaucracy is still the death of reason. I think if I have to sit across from one more general explaining that monogamy and fidelity are not mutually exclusive, I will not be responsible for what I do.” The prince’s dry reply floated through the room and Tony laughed. He was somewhat surprised by his genuine amusement, but not surprised at all that out of everything they could ask a real live Alurian Prince, the public seemed most fascinated by the discovery that the king of Wakanda had two wives and this was not at all uncommon in his culture.
Tony explains that he likes the machines, the click and whir of their gears and parts in his ears. They lull him to sleep. Even Hughard isn’t insane enough to bring his infant son to the shipyard before he’s a year old, but Papa always pretends not to notice when Tony sneaks in and finds a place for himself under his desk or the drafting table, to take a nap or just sit and watch.
“You know, that really does sound great only, I’ve got that appointment with Banner and Ms. Cho,” Tony replied, referring to his surgery, which had been postponed due to pregnancy scares and business with SHIELD, the crazy of the week and haggling with the state government of Massachusetts.
Tony noted that she wore no shoes on them, but there were decorative gold rings snaking up her ankles. That along with the ears and the tail made it seem very much as if a lioness had learned to walk on two legs and wear clothes. Her silhouette reminded him distinctly of Catman Tony realized with a start.
He relaxed only marginally when he realized that Rhodey was also there along with kat-medic (because Tony couldn’t remember his damn name, just that he made amazingly gross but calming tea) who was sitting with a steaming cup of coffee set before him. Tony frowned. Shouldn’t he be assisting the doctor instead of making small talk with Tony’s friends?
Luke groaned as if Tony had shot him and Tony barked a laugh.
If anyone asked he'd say that wasn't the time for mercy (and it totally wasn't) but honestly, he was just nowhere near a bathtub.
Bruce chuckled and hugged him tight.
They know (even if he doesn’t yet) that he likes to read (science fiction and fantasy) and they know all his favorites: stories, foods, colors, sights sounds, and they don’t know why he always forgets or seems to be discovering them for the first time, but the hunger in him calls to them and they bring these things to him. They hold these pieces for him because they are holding them for themselves.
"Maybe you ought to recruit him for active duty."
“Sir, I feel I should warn you that those words in the language known as Yoruba do not mean bullshit. And Captain rogers is attempting to cheat.”
In his arms, Tony felt Steve’s body begin to relax as he chuckled, those his hands were clutching tightly to the small of Tony’s back as if he were afraid the fel might try and slip away.
Tony sucked in a harsh breath at the sudden pain but didn't make a sound, shock flooding him as the plunger emptied into his bloodstream and Maya, who had gone unnoticed in the commotion, fell to the floor, Natasha's knife buried so deeply in her chest it looked in danger of disappearing.
“You should have trusted us. It was a trap Tony.” He thought he heard her murmur, somebody was purring pretty loudly so it was hard to hear.
“That didn’t go well.” he joked with a halfhearted shrug, scenting like fear. They all knew what it meant to fail a mission. “So, what now?”
Bastet did not stop him, rather she listened until Tony was done, the picture of attentiveness as her blue eyes watched him, mouth nibbling away at her food. Finally she lowered the half eaten morsel back to her plate and stated with poise, "You are very clever for a halfling. Your suitor must count himself a very lucky man."
But there is still apparently stuff in his head to be dragged up, and the man who has been haunting his dreams and thoughts for weeks seems determined to drag them up.
“Right. Good luck, all of you.”
There could be no doubt in Tony’s mind, nor any of his teammates because this close the tom’s scent was enough to make even the dullest nose twitch. He must have been wearing some sort of scent damper before, because now there was no mistaking the tom before them as anything but the most feral and viral of creatures.
When Tony woke it was daylight, the sun filtering in through the dirty windows of the barn. For a moment, he just lay still watching his breath plume in the air above him as he took stock of the situation. He felt like day old dog shit, but considering what his body had been forced to undergo he didn’t feel nearly as bad as he knew he should. It was because Natasha had been in his head, Tony realized with a lump forming in his throat. She’d shouldered half the pain and talked him through every second of agony.
They’re still small but they’re somewhere else. Somewhere cramped and dark and there is smoke filling their lungs. Their Mistress is dead. They are going to die staring into flames as red as their hair. Only, there is a figure looming out of the shadows and smoke and he turns at the sound of their mewling cry and fixes them with eyes so pale a blue they could be ice.
“JARVIS! What’s happening?”
“Kotyonok.” Tony turned at the soft entreaty and caught the object that Natasha, struggling to sit up, had pulled from somewhere on her person and tossed his way. It was the switch knife he realized, the hilt small and disarmingly delicate looking but heavy in his hand. The release button for the blade responding to the slightest bit of pressure from his thumb before the sharp end slid free of its sheath in one smooth silent motion. There was an energy locked inside. Tony could feel it humming against his hand, his brain tickling once more with that strange sense of awareness. He had the strange feeling that if he just opened his mind a little he’d be able to see the complex inner workings of the little knife and know exactly what technology was inside.
Princess. And in an instant Tony knew, that she was the reason he had been feeling wound so tight. Her voice was tightly controlled, but Tony could feel her fear radiating over their bond. Distinctly hers, and louder somehow for that fact. Tony had no time to wonder at how it was possible for their fledgling bond to be so powerful, that she could reach him over this distance, because that fear told him something was dreadfully wrong.
She didn’t know about anyone else in the multiverse but she was certain their parents could have figured it out. She’d never wanted to curl into a ball and cry for mommy and daddy so badly in her life. Except, Tony had never liked to be called mother, even if it was the culturally done thing. She and Papa used to do it sometimes, just to see him get irritated and watch his fur fluff up.
“Friend Tony! You’re just in time. I was in danger of eating all of lunch.”
“Tony. Tony look at me.” Bruce grabbed Tony’s face and tapped his cheek until Tony’s eyes focused on him. “I’ve got to stay with Steve, alright, but you’re burned. You need to let these people help you. They are friends. Let them help.”
He could respect that, do his part not to take it personally, but if any part of her wanted to try, Tony wanted her to know he’d be there.  Natasha blinked slowly, allowing her eyes to soften as she closed the distance between the three of them, placing her hand between his ears and sinking her fingers into his hair as she pressed her cheek to his, a soft purr rumbling in her chest.
Their progress was slow going but slowly but surely they pressed forward, the mist growing thicker around them the deeper they journeyed into the wood. It was also getting hotter as they walked, the moisture clinging to their skin with the mugginess of a swamp and Bruce thought they must be getting closer, because fire breathing birds and heat.
“I hope you weren’t offended earlier by my friend’s protectiveness. It was thoughtful of you to bring a gift.” He opened with as much sincerity as he could muster, and T’Challa nodded in acknowledgment.
If he withheld this information from Tony, it would be like allowing him to put his faith in a lie. Steve didn’t want Tony to believe in them because he’d had some vision that promised they’d make it. He wanted Tony to believe in them because they were
He opened his mouth, ready to retort but was stopped by movement out of the corner of his eye, his body tensing away from the hint of threat, as the strange kat took another slow step in his direction.
She tells him the story when he’s two and if she’s shocked that he remembers the sparkly barrette she had in her hair, she doesn’t say so. But then by then it’s already very clear that Tony is different.
He knew what had to be done here. It was probably going to suck.
"Just the lucky ones," Steve replied almost deadpan except for the mischievous glint in his eye he couldn't quite suppress, and there was just something about that expression on the face of Captain America, Mr. Apple Pie himself, that made Tony laugh in delight.
Clint was going to reach them first Tony realized as he watched through a security camera as the two silver shapes, having downed the rest of the officers, go tearing down a hallway headed toward one of the exits.
Huh? What did she mean by -
The Colonel was a good man Steve thought, feeling somewhat chastised for his earlier suspicion.
Bruce didn't say anything but his hand reaching up to grasp Tony's arm was all either of them really needed.
Bruce, over at the lab station he used when they wanted to cut travel time between personal labs, glanced up curiously, head tilting as he examined the photo.
“But-”
"Phoenix?" RaTu frowned at him, then looked to Thor for help. "Is this Halfling speech?"
"I'd expected you to be in Atlanta. Surely you're not through with the show season already?" Tony asked pleasantly and beside him Tiberius tensed. Tony could smell the aggressive edge in Ty's pheromones hike up a notch, and the pleasant smile Tony wore just got that much more satisfied.
He took a record quick shower anxious to get to the communal kitchen for his coffee and to assure himself with his own two eyes that Natasha really was none the worse for wear from her ordeal. Helen had been monitoring the three of them closely as this was the first time they’d tried separating over long distances. Even though the data suggested there shouldn’t be any immediate complications, none of them had wanted to be caught unaware.
In which T'Challa. And then Tony.
And they had been. Their leaders had seen the outcome of the battle just as clearly as Steve had and decided they were all expendable. It was Tony that Fury had gone to when they fired that Nuke because he knew what Tony would do and that he was the only one who could.
“How progressive of SHIELD.”
"So you see Tony, the Benu has always been a great enemy of the Alurio. If half of the stories I was raised on have any truth, I would advise you not to do as you are planning." Luke finished his story and Tony fought not to let his shock show, his eyes flying around the room to connect briefly with his teammates who wore (he was sure) similarly bewildered expressions.
~*~*~*~
"Right... Thank you, I guess. For the concern. But I'm fine."
Thor had spent many years wrapped up in himself, blind to the wounds his brother had kept buried. Too self-interested to even entertain the thought of digging or interceding in a slowly developing disaster.
Any earlier in the evening and Tony wasn't a hundred percent sure how things would have gone, but he was still riding the high of achieving mature responsible adulthood so he viewed the situation like this: Steve was worried, that was the important point (that he cared).
"Remind me why we're doing this again?" Clint hissed under his breath as Thor led them up the gangplank but either it wasn't quiet enough or Kǫtrdýr hearing was even better than Gata's because four pairs of furred heads turned sharply toward them and suddenly there were four menacing looking tom's in full armor standing between them and the royals standing at the edge of the Skiff.
it’s like you can smell what makes him wild even from your living room.
Don't worry, Steve and Tony will have their talk next chapter and we'll be hearing from T'Challa again. He's not about to let Tony forget what he looks like. In case you couldn't tell, we are moving into the Winter Soldier arc so we'll be hearing a lot more from Bucky and his
“No you wouldn’t. Not with how you’ve taken care of the kats at the shelter, or us here at the tower, or how I’ve seen you be with Harley. You’d certainly do no worse than me.” Steve insisted. “My only example of a father was a drunken lout who couldn’t hold down a job and left my mother to fend for herself and a sick child.”
He shouldn’t have done it, but they are working on a new vessel down at the yard. A submarine! Tony had seen the plans for it on his father’s desk a few months ago and Hughard and Obi have talked about nothing else ever since.
“Okay, number one rule of Pride Avengers is we don’t lie to each other. Try again.”
"Bruce..."
"Hey Steve," Tony greeted him and the tension in Steve's shoulders relaxed as they came toe to toe.
"He's the one in love with the democratic process. My lab my rules. This is a Tonarchy."
He has an eidetic memory. That means that his mind captures data, the inputs of sights, sound, touch, and emotional resonance and stores it better than a moving picture.
“Stay down.” Iron Man warns, coming to a stop not far from Ivan, his hands out ready to fire again. Ivan still has one shot left.
Furnace! Furnace! He thinks, desperate for control but his brain just buzzes louder, the world around him morphing and changing into -
He may as well have traded his healing factor for the world’s most annoyingly overactive antivirus software. Feeble tissue alert. Puny mortal detected. Delete this threat?
Tony frowned. A three day coma might seem normal to the Alurio but it was wigging him out. Where was Natasha, he wondered, reaching for her. Bruce was here, and that was great but he needed to touch Natasha but – Tony frowned, panic beginning to surge within him once more as he was met with only silence.
Tony blinked, the message pushing itself to the forefront of his mind and Tony stiffened. He was using Extremis to access the net, test driving a set of new wireless robotics. The highly encrypted message had seemingly come from nowhere, targeted directly at the towers private servers which both Tony and Jarvis were tapped in to.
Clint has seen inexperienced kats take all sorts of ungainly tumbles. Collarbones are a real (cumbersome) thing. But the great thing about having a really flexible backbone was that when a super-powered freak threw you through a window and you
And the answer to that had been fairly straight forward. Of course not. It didn’t change anything. Tony hadn’t been lying either when Meeting with Killian was still the best way to draw AIM’s attention away from his teammates and it wasn’t like anyone had actually expected for Robert Stone not to be tangled up to his eyeballs in the whole mess.
Killian was quick though, leaping to land next to Tony before he could scramble back to his feet and crashing a heavy boot down against his chest.
Plus, Tony was a-okay with coming off threatening. They may not have caught on yet but people were certainly going to. He was done hiding his teeth.
To the credit of the kid behind that mask, they didn’t need telling twice. The kit scrambled to their feet, tugging the Walsh girl along with them, urging her to go in a shaky voice as they ran behind the line of officers. They looked uncertain whether they should stop the pair, their gazes flicking wildly between Tony and the retreating backs of the kit and the girl.
Clint cackled out loud because he loved that woman. The console of the jet made a beeping noise of its own and Clint put his phone back in his breast pocket and flicked on the jets communicator.
God damn it!
“I wanna go home. I hate it when you ‘Venger.”
Stone released his grip on Tony’s hair and straitened up, the bitter whiff of fight scent dissipating with the smoothening of his expression so quickly she was tempted to think she'd imagined it.
It felt so easy and natural, the way they worked together as Ironman and Captain America, the admiration and respect Tony allowed himself to be vulnerable enough to show in that context was humbling, because it meant that Tony believed in him. And when he really started to pick that apart in his head it all got jumbled around with the instincts he was still getting used to from the serum.
Because that’s what heroes did and they thought it was more important to be heroes than to be her parents. Well screw that. They were about to know how wrong they were.
“Effect of the serum.” He explained his growling with a hopeless shrug and Natasha replied.
"I have been thinking long on your work." The Asgardian began, sliding the mug of warm milk Tony's way, which he snatched up gratefully as Thor continued. "If your tiny robot friends can truly do all that you say, then I believe that is the answer to your worries."
“You said they were Alurio.” Steve snapped back.
“Can you believe that guy though? What is it with people! I say I have a boyfriend and all they want to know is if someone if finally going to collar me.” He growled, glaring back at the group.
Slaves had few choices, but this one she stole for herself with every clench and push as she fought to bring her child into the world.  Maria Stark laying in the bed, given no choices, and still in the end choosing him.
To Tony, T’Challa and his three body gaurds looked woefully underprepared for a fight with Earth’s mightiest heroes. Always one to brag, Tony was proud of how the team had really come together in recent months. They cut a real imposing figure spread out in a wide V with Captain America, living legend, front and center. Tony certainly wouldn’t have wanted to come up against them in a fight.
"That's not my name!" Tony shouted back.
Betty can’t stop Ross from hurting them, and there’s a lot that they just won’t tell her about what goes on between them and her father. It wouldn’t be fair.
“But it depends on this guy. As long as he doesn’t lock me up in the supplies closet because he’s unhappy with something I’ve done in my lifetime.”
They might both die.
And yet-- Tony’s just so stupid.
“Well, I guess it’s a superpower. I know, I forget to eat, I am guilty of that. That’s why I usually leave snacks around in my workshop and eat them when I spot them. Pepper will kill me if I pass out again from low blood sugar, so I am trying to stay alive.” and yes, thank God, he reaches for another blueberry bagel.
“JARVIS is galaxies smarter than me Rogers, so by all means, I’m glad you think that highly of my work.”
Tony shakes his head and laughs, making something bubble in Steve’s chest that he can’t quite name. “You jumped off a tower, landed on a pile of robot scraps, and almost cut your head open and
“So it’s actually a butt plug?” Dr. Stark asks after tapping on Steve’s shoulder a couple of times “You know, the ones that have wide bases?” he adds, and he sounds ever so skeptical, which is just enough to bring back the gut-stirring shame in full force and make Steve’s palms sweaty again.
Thank you all for coming along and I hope you enjoy the rest <3
“Well. What's there not to miss? You're brave and quick and go out of your way to do what's right. Thinking back on our away mission all I remember is gentle, calm... and hot. I remember everything, including the fact that you were a perfect gentleman.” Tony runs his fingertip over the back of Steve's hand. “I’m the only omega in a million light years around and you are rehomed from Old Earth, taking on this mission at the very last minute, and happen to be an alpha? Might it be that the universe is sending us a subtle sign here, don’t you think?”
Tony’s head feels a bit heavy, and his mouth is really dry. “Lieutenant James Rhodes, he’s my—”
Having stopped behind a red light, for the seven hundredth time, Captain Rogers turns the volume of the radio down before turning it off. The radio is vintage, original 1968, and dreaming about disassembling it must be the only tolerable thing about sitting in the front seat. In the back seat, if it wasn’t dusty and blood stained, he could’ve at least laid his head against the window and let the car movements lull him asleep. He could’ve let things take their course without being compelled to have a say; without pretending that his opinion really matters.
He has never lived in any city, but he’s always wanted to. Ty once promised they would live in a big city, at least temporarily, and in the painful haste of moving from Malibu, New York being the destination was the only relief for Tony. He is stupid though, obviously. New York is a fucking state. It has suburbs with five  people living in acres of land. Two people in ten  acres to be exact in his case, if he does not count the occasional help. He is a wishful moron and that is really nobody’s fault.
Steve goes off script, his brain blank and his body on fire, and begs to kiss Iron Man’s lips. And it’s amazing how the faceplate disappears, Tony’s eyes smiling at him and Captain America closes his eyes, as soft warm fingers remove the mask gently.
He watches Steve do 73 push-ups, as he walks to the kitchenette to get more coffee, and listens to his soft humming while Steve’s doodling something, sitting at the dining table looking at the Houston skyline from the floor-to-ceiling window.
It’s still raining outside as they make their way to the bedroom and Steve shudders with every touch of Tony’s fingers, as Tony removes his clothes, one by one. Steve’s tears stop as they get to the bed, and his body warms, slowly, as Tony rubs his palms, kisses his fingers, and draws gentle lines on his back. Steve presses his face to Tony’s chest and curls his feet around him. He falls asleep with his lips on the scars where the arc reactor used to be; every breath, a gentle kiss, a prickle to Tony’s heart, a caress to his soul.
This guy, sleeping next to Tony, smiling in his sleep for some reason, whose morning breath smells like a honeycomb, and is in love with Iron Man, just to add to the already impossibly long list of his magnificence.
This is not a date, definitely not, but Tony keeps asking all the first date questions. He frowns when Steve says he can't disclose his age and narrows his eyes because Steve can’t really disclose his job either. It is weird and kinda funny the way his eyes go to normal size and then pop with surprise when Steve says he is in the business of global security and the fact that Tony jumps to the possibility of Steve being
“I have no idea what either of you are talking about. Stark’s not an omega. He’s a vampire.” Steve grabs a bottle of water from the side table and opens it with a bit too much force. “Omegas are supposed to be sweet and tame and doe-eyed.” He drinks half of the water in one go. “This one? He’ll bite my ass and suck my blood and set my corpse on fire.” Steve drinks the rest of the water and starts hiccuping. “He will have a party after that, right on top of my ashes.”
DID YOU FIND THE THING I MENTIONED IN THE BEGINNING NOTES? I'll give you a hint, it's got to do with what Steve's wearing :)
for listening to my constant whining for over a year!
The dinner is finally off the table and Tony is happy to have managed to get through it without having to run to the bathroom or throwing up on the table.
He thinks about the way Tony has been
The thing is, though, that this situation is Steve’s worst nightmare. It’s a sea of concentrated humiliation that he’s been drowning in since this morning, when he managed to convince Sam to go to SHIELD’s BBQ without him and barely escaped Nat’s observant looks when he walked past her in the communal area, up until now that he's trying to find the words to explain what happened, the mental capacity to say them out loud and the strength to keep it together while saying the words so he doesn’t pass out or start crying in the process.
“I am not really surprised. What did you eat yesterday?” Steve asks as he reaches for strawberry jam, which Tony picks up and hands to him.
Tony is brilliant. He makes people laugh during the meetings and always credits his team more than himself. He volunteers to help teams bring projects to life and seems to know a personal detail about everyone he comes in contact with.
Tony shakes his head. “Yeah? If you’re this savvy on secondary gender science, you probably know I will start melting in a span of hours.”
And Tony doesn’t care if the way he squeezes Steve until he starts making funny noises is too obvious anymore.
“You’re lucky I have a date, and I don’t have any more time for this,” Tony says and makes a face that says ‘I’m sorry I’m stuck with you’, and walks backward a few steps. “I’ll have the reports ready by tomorrow morning and until then you can do your best to kiss my ass.”
guy, is also Captain America, who died, and is now back carrying a 75-year-long nightmare, and 18 months of hell on top of it, where he couldn’t even sleep and yet, he’s the strongest, most level-headed person Tony has ever met, ready to fight, ready to run in the dark, open and giving beyond measure and reason.
Captain Rogers’ face is dark gray and as much as it looks like it, what’s pouring down from his clenched fist is not rain. It’s sugary water and a thousand pieces of shattered glass.
Steve’s light-headed and filthy, covered in Tony’s come and slick, and that damn longing is stinging deep inside his belly again. He wishes, so bad, that he could keep his arms around Tony for a little bit longer; that he could smell his hair, kiss the side of his neck and watch him smile, real and wide just for once.
“Lieutenant Commander Tony Stark, head of engineering, sir.” Fingers wrap around Steve’s and shake his hand. “I was about to come to the bridge to say hi,” he says, running his free hand in his hair, and the motion feels like a tickle to the base of Steve’s spine.
“Steve, I have to tell you something,” Tony sighs as he pulls back a little to look at Steve’s face. “I’ve been meaning to tell you since...forever, but it’s a huge deal, and I’m sorry I didn’t, but I'll tell you right now.”
“It’s all my fault. I shouldn't have fallen in love with him. I shouldn't have offered to bond with him. I should have called off the search for Mr. James fucking Barnes at the very least.” Tony set the empty teacup down. “I am so stupid, Jarvis. Why am I always so stupid?”
