He lit a candle for Muriel. The little flame flickered slightly as the air moved in the bunker. He watched the small light source but he didn’t see. His thoughts wandered far away from the dark library.
Before Sam could say anything Hannah put her fingers on his forehead. The world darkened before his eyes and he drifted into a peaceful and safe oblivion. He had the best sleep of his life.
Dorothy felt a knot in her stomach. She would never know. The thought was sickening. They had parted in such an ugly way. They fought then she stormed away and she never saw him again in his life. Her father died thinking she hated him.
I look at Cas, shaken and still sobbing. I have to leave him here. He has enough mojo to survive this Grace Devil’s trap so he will be fine. Yes, he will be fine.
“You idjit!” the older hunter yelled. “Can’t you Winchesters just sit down and think before you jump into the unknown!? How could you sell yourself to something made by Lucifer himself!? Didn’t you learn your lesson last time when you sold your soul!? And don’t you dare telling me that you had no other choice because I’ll kick your sorry ass back to Hell! There’s always an other choice, you brat! Why do you always have to sacrifice yourself, Dean!? Last time Cas saved you but what if there’s no way out of this!? Idjit!”
“Unlike you, I know what I have to do. I’ll return to Heaven because that’s where I and all of us belong.” Hannah glanced at Muriel and turned to leave. “Let’s go.”
If not playing, he helped Charlie and Kevin whenever he could. He organized Kevin’s notes and assisted Charlie when she continued downloading information from the Men of Letters computers.
He’s shaking like a leaf between me and the wall. I let go of his wrist and reach out towards his face but I stop before I can touch. I take an inaudible deep breath. He thinks I’m going to kill him. He’s afraid of me, like Sam was afraid of me back in the dungeon. I scare away everyone who’s important to me. But now he maybe,
“Don’t you ever say that name again in my presence” he warns me. “I don’t ever want to hear that name. I would celebrate the day when ze dies and I can reap zir.”
The day went on in silence. Dean checked on Kevin a few times but when the prophet very pointedly asked him to leave him alone the hunter didn’t approach the library again. He instead lay on his bed, happy that his memory foam was still remembering him – which was not a surprise really since to the mattress he just left for a few days – but no matter how many songs he had listened to he was restless.
I know I can’t trust him. There’s always something in that bastard’s head, some shady plans evolving in the shadows. I’m cautious. Looking at everything with a critical eye, searching for hidden meanings in the demon’s words. He hasn’t said anything yet, not that he wouldn’t. Sooner or later Crowley will make a mistake, maybe accidentally say something that will help me find out his true intentions. I have to be patient.
“But I didn’t. And you know why? Because I wanted to hear it from you. I wanted to hear it from you first and not read it in some crappy paperback. Because you are my brother and I respect you and your secrets.”
Castiel looked around once again, checking if he had made any mistakes, then took his angel blade and cut his hand deep. He hissed as the metal touched his Grace but he didn’t stop until there was a long open wound along his palm, showing the glowing essence inside it.
“Dean!” Sam almost fell into the bathroom. The cold air entered from the corridor and Dean started shivering.
“I was thinking about this since our last talk but I never found the right moment to ask. Should I tell him that he’s Castiel, an Angel of the Lord? Should I tell him who he really is?”
The Mark doesn’t heal me as fast as it used to. It takes its time, not rushing anything, meanwhile enjoying every minute of my pain. It’s punishing me for disobeying it, for refusing to give it the blood it demanded. But it also rewards me in some twisted way for the two angels’ deaths. I see images of bloodshed from the past and I push those away but I can still hear the scream and cries in the distance. If I wasn’t insane yet, I’m going to be one now.
“You were stupid, yeah, but you wanted to do good. I, for one, won’t judge you. We all do mistakes. Like Harry when he ran to the Ministry of Magic to save Sirius. He wanted to save his godfather but unintentionally caused his death. Yes, he blamed himself but he stood up and continued fighting for the right cause.” Charlie leaned a little closer. “And you have to do the same. You have to learn from this and go on.”
From one of them he heard about a man called Emmanuel who could heal others. It sounded good because every team needed a healer. At least that was what Dean had told him one summer well over two decades ago when John had left the boys at his house. Sam had been already sleeping and Dean had had the opportunity to be himself. He had had a pack of cards hidden somewhere in his backpack and he had been eager to finally talk with someone about something he liked very much. And Bobby had patiently listened, sometimes asked something and had basically just been there for the boy, providing him something he could call a childhood.
Sam looked behind him to see Cas’ reaction to Dean’s remark. He was surprised to see nothing that indicated any resentfulness.
“Don’t come back without my Mom” Kevin warned them who had finally come out of his room around noon to see Sam and Cas leave.
With that decided, he made his way to Thomas’ home. It was already past midnight, the man should be at home by now. Gadreel moved carefully. Everything hurt and burnt as he made his way through the sleeping town and for a while he feared he wouldn’t make it. That he would die like Ezekiel died after the fall, too injured to heal himself. But Gadreel was determined. He had a mission and he would fulfill it.
Dean saw Dorothy opening her mouth, maybe to ask about the meaning of what Cas just said, but she was interrupted by Charlie’s loud gasp.
Jody had looked at him questioningly when he had suggested he would go with them in her pickup but she hadn’t asked anything. Sam was thankful for that. He didn’t want to explain this too and cause more trouble for the woman.
Cas who had been the best friend he’d ever had? The one who had saved him from Hell and so many times after that in the past years? The one who had always believed in him no matter how many times Dean had messed up? The one who had
Dean watched the waitress with wide eyes. Sam could see his face becoming whiter with every passing second and the man’s grip on his list tightened. Dean looked like he just saw something horrible.
He could tell from her body language that it wasn’t the whole truth. Her fingers were fluttering in her lap. To some may say it was because of boredom but he had seen it too many times on targets of some supernatural monster who wanted to appear strong that he couldn’t ignore it. So Dean sighed and closed her eyes.
Bobby pulled a hand down his face as he watched Sam and Cas leaving with the unconscious Garth. If those boys wanted to fix their timeline they had to do it fast.
My mouth falls open. He’s talking about the year I spent with Lisa and Ben. Was he there? Did he see me living with them?
“Dean was right. I’m a kid. I’m too young to see stuff like that. Call me when it’s safe to come back.”
But once the dam had a crack in it, it wouldn’t take long for the water to break through. And Dean had felt that every word he’d said, every emotion he’d tried to hide his whole life, those had been the last push his own dam had needed to fall down.
Dean had turned to the doorway and ran towards it. He’d repeated in his head like a broken record that Sam would be fine, the Empty would only eject him. He would be fine, he would be fine…
“It’s a test” Death cut in. He lifted his brows in a quick movement then tilted his head the other side. “Take the ring and open the Cage. Let Lucifer out and let the world burn. Save your brother if you can. Or don’t open the Cage.”
But when an innocent was bleeding out just a few steps away from him, he couldn’t help but struggle with the waiting.
Castiel turned in his seat to watch the scene. Dean just woke up a few minutes ago so his eyelids were still heavy. But still, the moment his gaze met with Charlie’s, his eyes lit up.
Then he noticed his surroundings. It was a store. The shelves were packed with snacks, drinks and other things humans would find necessary to buy. And the cloths he was wearing: jeans, white shirt and a blue vest. He was back in the Gas’n’Sip… And that woman was…
Now then. Lucifer is in the cage. Abaddon and Belphegor are dead. I’m gonna kill Belzebub, Mammon and Asmodeus. What about Sariel?
“I’m Dean” the man said. “Dean Winchester. I’m a hunter, just like Garth was.” He pointed with his thumb behind him. “They are Cas and Hannah. We came because we were worried about Garth. He hadn’t answered our calls.”
- Headcanon: Dean used to watch MLP as a 'nothing on tv, let's watch some cartoons to waste some time'. Now it's kind of a guilty pleasure. I've watched two episodes maybe so if the parallels are off, tell me.
“Okay” he told her but there was something in his voice that indicated he didn’t approve it. “Stay safe.”
“What are you doing to me?” she repeated with anger. “Why does my vessel react the way it does without me meaning it? Are you controlling me? Like Naomi controlled Castiel?”
After two hours since his stop at the rest area Dean felt his head growing lighter. He tried drinking water bottle after bottle, eating grape sugar, but neither could stop the uncomfortable feeling in his skull. He had to stop. He couldn’t drive like this.
“The ripple appeared in this time not long ago” Benjamin explained. “Europe, Asia and Australia are already in an other timeline. All connection broke with those areas.”
On their way she never let his hand go, neither did him. It felt right. Their hands fit together perfectly, gripping the other firmly but gently. Sam decided he wanted to do this more.
This was the moment when Sonny peeked inside. They must had been a great sight by the look on his face. A kid in the middle of the room hugging an action figure like his life depended on it, a dizzy woman with a guitar case at her feet still trying to find balance and two men helping a third standing. Also tools all over the place.
“Sorry, Sammy” I say. “I already killed Gavin. Now could you please let me on my way before I burry you alive.”
“I understand your concern” he started. Sam saw Cas looking at the angel with a brief surprise but he seemed to understand the situation in a blink. “I don’t know how Metatron had found us in Wyoming in the first place. Maybe he’s keeping an eye on us all. But human lives are at stake now. My Father told us to love humans more than him and I love them. I would risk my life to help them.”
“Sorry” he said and he meant it. He knew he had made a bad decision and he was looking forward to the scolding.
“Not a problem to be concerned about” he said, turning his hand, looking at his fingers. “It’s just a phase. Your humanity and demon part is still struggling for dominance. Something must have triggered it and your soul didn’t settle down yet in favor of any sides of the two. It will pass soon.”
All of a sudden Sam’s eyes and mouth started shining. Something bright left his body then his back sled sideways on the tree’s trunk and Sam fell on his knees.
The mission was clear. He had to kill the one with the Mark of Cain to prevent the second coming of the Apocalypse. The angels tracked down the one with the Mark. They couldn’t tell who it was, just that it was a man but not Cain himself.
An awkward silence grew between them. Dean didn’t say anything and Castiel couldn’t. It took a while until he trusted his voice again.
Literally falling into this unknown way of living left Hannah in uncertainty. She had never walked among humans in her existence so she had no idea how to act. Not that she wanted to adapt the life Elisa had left behind. No. Hannah had a mission to fulfill. She had to find a way back to her home.
Kevin was looking from one to the other. What was Cas talking about? What did Sam lose? Sam’s jaw tightened, nodded then cleared his throat. Before Dean could notice any of this he quickly turned the conversation to an other direction.
His hands were covered with something deep red and warm. He was wearing red gloves, right? What else could be on his hands that was so warm? It was almost December. The weather outside was cold, it would start snowing anytime. It was natural to put on gloves, right? Because if his skin was exposed to the cold for long, it would get dry and tear open to little annoying wounds, and it would sting every time he washed his hands, and would have to cover them with that moisturizing cream that smelled so bad it would exorcize even Lucifer out of any body.
Their journey to the place called ‘Chicago’ passed in silence. Hannah could sense that Nicole’s soul was uneasy, it moved back nervously from the outside. She probably scared the human. It wasn’t an everyday occasion to meat an angel. Hannah was aware that a lot of humans didn’t know about the creatures that walked among them.
“What about fallen angels?” Dean looked up at Hannah, directing his words towards her. He was avoiding Castiel’s eyes and the angel couldn’t help but think that Dean was hiding something. “Can a fallen angel, the turned-into-a-demon kind, control both angels and demons?”
But those words… Those things Sam had had to promise… Cas had made mistakes in the past. Mistakes that still haunted him and couldn’t forgive. Maybe they had already forgiven him but Cas couldn’t. Sam could relate to him. He had done things in the past too. Horrible things. And he had paid the price for all of them. He was still paying. He had lost so many people who were important to him, and that list now included his brother too.
Bobby was so stunned he didn’t even think about kicking that damn boy in the ass. But he so deserved it.
The former angel’s gaze wandered to his right. Dean stepped back to admire their work. His eyes were shining with a kind of happiness that Castiel had never seen before. It was like there were no demons, no monsters, no angels out there, just a normal life with normal people and normal things that would make a man happy. Like putting shelves on the wall and showing the world who he really was. A surge of pride woke in Castiel. Dean was always so secure, he rarely let anyone see the real him. He had come a long way and Castiel felt honored to be there and witness it.
“I don’t know. A demon, maybe? Can you, you know, look around the area? Maybe you can sense who was here?”
“Sam’s wall broke and the hospital was surrounded by demons. We were running out of time and Dean and Meg wasn’t enough. So I killed those demons and then I remembered.”
Did he trust her? This was the angel who had given a blade to Castiel and told him to kill Dean. The angel who had joined Metatron afterwards.
Castiel looked back at the room. He didn’t know if it was just a coincidence or a nasty joke of the universe.
“I saw you coming inside and I had to see if it was really you and…” Robin swallowed hard. “It’s you…”
The tension vibrating from the angel was unbearable even for him. It was like standing next to a nuclear reactor minutes before the explosion. Sam realized he still had a hand on Cas’ shoulder so he squeezed it reassuringly.
“Who is this?” It was an unknown number apparently. And thanks to Gadreel’s better ears he heard and recognized the voice of the caller.
With their angel blades in their hands the two of them entered the building. Most of the windows were covered so the only source of light was the door behind them. The air was heavy with the smell of oil and exhaust fumes, but there were no cars inside. And no angels, though the smell of ozone, tightly connected to angels, was sensible.
He’d looked down at the jacket in his hands, folded in a way so he could see the bloody handprint on the shoulder. This had been the last part of Cas he still had. A reminder of the day more than a decade ago when he had been raised from Hell by him ordered by a higher power who had had too much fun messing with their lives. And it had been a proof of the unpredictable force that had been Cas and his habit of messing up said higher power’s plans.
Metatron slowly stood, leaning against the wall for support. He wiped his face, looking at his bloody hand instead of her as he answered.
And the ceiling started falling down in big portions. Dean covered his head with his arms but he knew it wouldn’t save him from the falling rocks.
“Yeah, finally!” Charlie put her hands on her hips and glared at the brothers. “Did you ward the Batcave against peaceful travelers from other dimensions?”
I wasn’t thinking about a place, I just wanted to get away from the demon and that’s how I find myself in a forest. I land on my knees and I take a few deep and loud breaths until my body calms down. Nothing can kill a Knight of Hell, but if someone can that would be Crowley. And he almost did.
The two men and the angel exchanged looks. Bobby slowly lowered his gun along with Sam and it was Castiel who finally broke the silence.
He frowned. He probably misheard it because he could swear he heard Hannah talking about going back to Heaven. But one look at the angel and he knew she really wanted to go.
Dean pushed away those thoughts because he was already out of breath and reminiscing was not helping at all. He crossed the street, almost got himself hit by a car but after fifteen minutes without stopping he finally saw the school. As he got closer he noticed the school bus that had been painted pink after that angel guy had murdered that poor girl.
I open the drawers, open the lockers, look at every book on the shelves but I find nothing. Boring papers and books.
“Alice Liddell from Alice in Wonderland?” Sam asked, hoping that maybe one of the angels knew something. But nothing. “Well, Alice in Wonderland is a children’s book. Our prophet” he motioned towards the door where Kevin left, “found out that it was more or less based on a true story. Alice had the ability to travel to other dimensions.” Thinking about it for a moment, Sam wrote down a few things from that too and stuck the notes on the tabletop. He treated it like every case. And writing down the information could help solving the mystery. He should put the notes on the wall later. “And by corrupting Alice’s soul, Sariel wanted her to free Lucifer.”
Castiel nodded and suddenly a spark of hope ignited inside his chest. Maybe… maybe Meg knew how to erase it. She was Lucifer’s follower after all. She must have known something about the Knights of Hell and Cain.
Hannah narrowed her eyes. Becky’s soul was shining, she had no bad intentions, but there was that grabbing motion it made towards Sam. It felt greedy and lustful as she reached out to it with her Grace then quickly pulled back when she sensed these. And Sam’s soul was pulling away from it too.
She had given Castiel a blade to kill Dean. To give justice. Then she had left him alone and joined Metatron against him.
Castiel’s chest tightened at the sight. He had no idea how Malachi found her, but it seemed even meeting Castiel once can bring bad luck to anyone. Like poor Muriel who came willingly, even though she had known she may walk into her death. Castiel was a death omen. He only brought pain and grief to everyone.
. All those hidden truths, working behind the other’s back, but also making every decision for that one person… To walk head first into the storm of a higher being’s plans driven by a single but not at all insignificant thing called
Sam knew the circumstances. He knew Dean had only wanted good. He hadn’t known back then how bad a turn everything would make. That was the only time he remembered Dean acting selfish. Apart from that? Selfless, selfless, selfless. Even in their childhood. He wondered how many things he still didn’t know about. How many times had Dean given up something so Sam’s life would be peaceful?
But instead of the demon, his eyes fell upon a girl. Long blonde hair, piercing blue eyes. She stood next to an other girl around her age, looking up at him like she had just seen a ghost and for her he really was one. Castiel gasped when he recognized her.
Bobby sighed and rubbed his eyes as he walked down the corridor towards one of the many storage rooms. He had to take a look at the food supplies and the water cleaning system and the wards and…
They continued bantering, laughing. Castiel tried to focus on the words, hear and understand them, but all his ears picked up were only noises.
That was the moment when she woke from her mysterious daze. Her hand froze and her eyes widened. What was she doing? Because she had no idea. Her vessel was doing unexplainable things on its own and it was effecting her Grace too. And losing control over herself scared her. Castiel had once told her how an angel named Naomi had controlled him and other angels too. What if she was under someone else’s influence? What if… What if
“It is my duty to help my siblings. If Castiel knows a way how to find our way back to Heaven, I’d like to hear it in person, then decide what to do.”
Sam smiled at that. Maybe there was a storm coming but he couldn’t help looking at the small but significant bright side. And this was definitely a bright side.
Sam wanted to stay like this longer, enjoying the closeness of the other but the rumble in the background reminded him that they had other things to do first. But then… He would see.
His hand was on the back of Cas’ neck again as he stepped closer. So close the Dean fresh out of Hell would’ve run away as an embarrassed mess.  But not this Dean. This Dean was past caring about false self images. This Dean had lost too many things, people and opportunities, to care about things like that.
Sam sat up and looked around. He was still in the cemetery and by the position of the sun not much time had passed. He confirmed it after he looked at his watch. He was out for about ten minutes. Sam looked around the ground to take the rings into his hand but… He didn’t see them anywhere.
Dean pulled out an old heavy cardboard box from the cover of the hanging cloths. It had holes here and there and he had had to fix it with tape on the edges but it survived everything. Now it was done serving.
Without really thinking about it, Sam stepped closer to Hannah and hugged her. She wasn’t short, higher than an average woman, so her nose could brush his shoulder when he pulled her closer. For a long, agonizing moment Sam thought he had done something wrong, and he shouldn’t have done this and maybe he should step away and apologize but then he felt Hannah placing her hands on his back. He couldn’t help but smile into her hair.
A sad smile appeared on Sam’s face, eyes fixed on Dean who was sitting on Charlie’s lap, trying to snatch the controller away from her.
Up until now everything was planned out. I had some notes to every chapter and a clear vision of what would happen. But from now on for a little while I have nothing. Even in my outline it was written as "X goes here", "Y goes there", "something happens here", "something happens there". So now I let the story write itself for a while until the good stuff happens. And by good I mean not good.
“I’m sorry, I have to go now” he said quickly and walked past the woman but after a few steps he heard her hesitant voice.
Crowley watches me without blinking and coldness runs down my spine. I’m scared. Honestly scared of what might happen in any moment.
“After months without hearing you, I gave up hope to ever see you again. I arranged a funeral with an empty coffin and went to a group for widows. I couldn’t stay at home all day. All alone. I needed a place where people understood me. That’s where I met David. Slowly we got closer and we got married four months ago.”
Hannah narrowed her eyes. What Metatron had said was interesting, she should tell Castiel and Sam as soon as possible, but there was still something that didn’t feel right.
Sam took a few dictionaries from one of the storage rooms in the basement and took a seat opposite to the angel. The only noise in that part of the bunker was the turning of papers as they sled on the other. It went on for almost six hours. Sam sometimes stood up to use the bathroom or take some food and drink from the kitchen but apart from that he read and translated nonstop.
“Yes, killing Gavin MacLeod was an unfortunate mistake, but I didn’t expect any better from you. You tend to make stupid and unnecessary decisions in the name of a greater good. Which in this situation was very uncalled for. You made everything more complicated but maybe it’s better this way.”
Dean watched him, eyes wide like Castiel just made a miracle. Maybe he did, Castiel didn’t know what was in his young mind.
Dean blinked. Then blinked again. As the warmth spread through his body, everything changed around him. Instead of the solid wall, he felt a soft pillow under his head. Instead of a cabin room, he saw his own in the bunker. And instead of a high Cas standing in front of him, the real Cas was above him, knees next to his hips, hands pinning him down in the bed.
Relief and happiness wash over me. When I found him in Purgatory, when Gadreel brought him back. Every time I thought I would never see him anymore, hearing his deep and rough voice again filled me with a warm feeling around my chest.
The boy’s lids cracked open slightly. His eyes were first on the tabletop then he glanced up. He watched Linda for a while, his mind still between wake and sleep.
Except I can’t. Not since Sam summoned me in the bunker the first then the second time that was followed by many others. All the damn time he told me that he could fix this, that
No wonder Dean had said that after that argument. That one sided argument. How many times had Sam done something he wanted while he didn’t consider what the people around him thought? Like when he went to Stanford and left Dean with John. He had thought about it as a good memory, it had been even a part of his shared Heaven with his brother, but after what Dean had said…
Dean closed his eyes and rested his head against the door, breathing the cool air in. The three of them. Team Free Will, as he had named it back during the Apocalypse. It felt good to be together again, plotting against evil, fighting for good. Not without dark secrets, because he had his owns and Sam and Cas had theirs but he wouldn’t let those stain their bond. It was a promise.
I rub my eyes with the balls of my hands. I can do it. I have to do it. For everyone who died because of me after I came back from Purgatory. I have to do it for Kevin. Kevin was still alive in that timeline, I know it. I have to do it for him. I have to!
Seeing Castiel’s memories, she now knew how much danger he would drag her and other angels into. And she saw that he had lied. Even as an angel he had lied. It seemed once an angel turned into a human, they would always be a human. How could she trust him like this?
. He leaned over the table and patted Sam on his shoulder. “Second chances, man! That means I have to take care of myself too, right?”
“It’s good to see you, Hannah.” Cas showed her a smile too. Smaller, but it was still a smile. Ever since what had happened to Dean, Sam never saw him genuinely happy, just these little short lived ones appeared on the angel’s face which was becoming paler with every day. “Did you find anything?”
“You know what?” he asked and continued walking up the stairs. “When I get back, I’ll make a big meal, and after you finish the tablet, we’ll celebrate it. Heck, I’ll even play one of those videogames with you.”
But the most unexpected thing happened. Someone grabbed Dean’s hand and stopped the blade just before it was stabbed into Dean. Both Castiel and Dean looked at the newcomer with rounded eyes.
“But someone has to stay with Theo” Cas pointed out. Then quickly added when he noticed Linda slowly rising from her armchair. “Not that I’m doubting your and your son’s capability of taking care of our…
Cas of course watched him like a hawk. Dean couldn’t fool anyone in the room but Cas was the only one who didn’t play along. The former angel sat on the opposite side of the table, the table closest to the entrance where Sam had sent Dean when he had almost spilled his coffee on Kevin’s papers. He was reading some ancient book that had many different symbols on the front but sometimes he glanced up to see the hunter.
It took a few hours to get to Dallas. There was an accident, blocking the highway and the bus could only pass by slowly. As he watched the damaged cars, Gadreel wondered if the Fates were trying to slow them down, if something was waiting for them in the city.
After an hour he felt his phone buzzing in his pocket. He prayed that it was one of the Winchesters and just the thought of it gave him hope. Help was on the way. They would find them. They would save Susie.
Still, he started thinking about other options. Maybe if Sam and Dean returned to the diner and didn’t see him, they would look for him. His phone was still in his pocket, battery charged, sound turned off. They would find him by it. But what if that would be too late?
Young Dean stopped a few steps away from him. After a painful glance at Sam’s lifeless body he looked the demon in the eyes and shook his head.
“Sam.” Sonny’s deep raspy voice turned very serious. “Yes, Dean was sad to leave but the moment he looked out the window and saw you… He had a great time here but there was always something missing from him. Like the last piece of a puzzle. And that puzzle piece was you, Sam. Dean was a kid back then and every kid needs his family. Even though what his father did, he couldn’t stay because you were his family. He was not ready to let go of you.”
As regret grew inside him, Dean closed his eyes and focused on the fingers caressing his head, recalling the peacefulness of his daydream which was probably a dream.
No, she wasn’t. She was an abomination from Hell who casted an evil spell on his best friend. He hated her for that. How dare she steal
After he finished, Linda was silent for a long while. He respectfully didn’t look her way when she swept away a tear.
Sam, Jody, Charlie and Dorothy all turned to the source of the voice. It was a girl with long dark hair and blue eyes, looking like she had been walking for days in the wild. But despite the dirt that covered her face, Sam could easily recognize her.
My heart stops then starts beating again with double the force. No. It can’t be. Cas still had enough mojo left to stay alive. He’s okay. He
Sam’s lips parted slightly. Truth to be told, nobody seemed to care about him that much nowadays. Not that he needed the attention. As Hannah worded, the ripple, Dean and Cas were their top priorities. He himself didn’t really think about himself or anything else. But now, somehow it was… nice that someone asked about his well-being. It made him feel like he…
“Of course I know him. He’s the embodiment of time. My boss basically. And!” she added before Castiel had time to even think about the question. “Neither I nor my sisters would have told you anything. Where’s the work in that? But I must say you were surprisingly creative.”
Bobby took a deep breath to calm himself down. He glanced at Becky who understood his silent request and quickly left the area with Lucy in her arms. When the two of them were out of sight he looked back at the hunters in the library.
Crowley’s not happy and I love seeing the barely restrained anger on his face. He clearly wants to stay ‘friends’ with me for whatever plans he has and an argument would ruin it. I want to laugh out loud but I hold myself back.
“You want to know why I gave Castiel the Colt?!” he shouts. “Because if he kills you, your soul would escape easier from your body! Then I would take your soul before one of those reapers can snatch it away, then take it to Hell! It would have taken only a few centuries for you to be pure again, you could have been sent back to the cycle! And if something went wrong, I would have given you my…”
Maybe he was on a break, he thought. It was lunchtime after all. Or his shift hadn’t started yet. Maybe he was somewhere back in the storeroom sitting on his sleeping bag aaaand he didn’t want to remember that. It was his fault after all. He was the one who had sent him away.
“She’s good” Dean answered. He stopped next to his friend. “Just woke up. She asked me to tell you it wasn’t your fault.”
They should have known Crowley wouldn’t leave the storage with his precious hostages to a single minion. Maybe this was Crowley’s most kept buildings before he had been searching then getting his hands on the First Blade. He wondered what the explanation of that could be. Linda was the mother of a prophet. Candy was the not-so-secret lover of some important person. Then there was the third prisoner, Joseph or something like that. He wondered why Crowley kept him here.
“Now you are someone I didn’t miss” Dean said, the earlier gentleness gone from his voice. “You look uglier than I imagined.”
For the next ten minutes they watched the cars and people passing by in silence. And in that short time Dean felt like a normal person. Not a hunter, or a former demon, or the vessel of some junkless archangel, just a normal guy whose biggest problem was the bills and taxes. It was like the apple pie life he always teased Sam with. But he knew that wasn’t for him. He already tried it and it lasted for only a year before he went back hunting. Hunting was the lifestyle he grew up in. No matter how much he wanted to have a normal life he would never have one because he didn’t know how to do it. There was no ‘
This calm voice was familiar. He had only heard it once but he still remembered the time when he had been in chains and tortured by the angel.
If Dean were here he would call Castiel a sentimental fool. But the angel thought this place was symbolic. This was where everything had begun.
Crowley pauses for a moment. Which is a mistake. See, if he didn’t pause, I wouldn’t have noticed anything. But now that he pauses, I notice it.
I didn’t go back yet and I’m not planning to. I didn’t like it downstairs. It smelled. Crowley sent a few of his goons after me but I cut them down with ease. He must have realized that he wouldn’t gain anything with me killing his men so I haven’t seen any of them in a while.
Which in the ‘Winchester to English’ dictionary meant: ‘I’m not fine. Something’s wrong with me but I’m a coward to talk about my feelings. Also I don’t deserve your care so just leave me in my misery. I don’t want to pull you into this too. You have better things to deal with than my problems.’ Or something along the lines.
Dean and the Empty stared at each other, each waiting for the other to yield. But Dean was stubborn. He wouldn’t back off.
Hannah put on an emotionless mask on her face and stepped away, letting go of the bars. Metatron’s brows moved higher in disappointment.
“Dean…” Sam fixed his gaze on his brother. “You know if you keep the Mark, Cas will die, don’t you?”
After taking the rings, Sam first went to Dean’s room. He opened the door, switched on the light and just stared like he had done it so many times in the past months. He missed his brother so much with all of his stupid habits and overprotective behavior. He just now started to appreciate it when he was not there anymore, just a bloody spot on the sheets. But he would bring back Dean even if that meant he – or at least this version of himself – would never see his brother again.
out, just like last time when his problems and fears resurfaced. And just like last time, the others called his name but he didn’t turn back. He didn’t stop when he almost ran into Ms. Tran, almost fell over Toto, didn’t turn back when Dorothy scolded him, didn’t notice Charlie’s concerned look. He ran to his room, locked the door behind him and hid under the blanket.
Sam avoided his eyes and nervously played with his sleeve. Cas on the other hand was leaning on the table, burying his face in his forearms. He occasionally took a shaky breath. Hannah stood behind them with folded arms like a bodyguard, watching them with sadness. Her body was tense; Bobby guessed she was ready to jump in, whatever happened. A desk away from them sat Lee, watching the four of them with curious eyes.
I wanted to post this chapter earlier but then I realized I never explained how Henry found his way to the future if the Winchesters were dead. So I decided that Emma lives. Why did you have to kill her, Sammy? Why?
“Then imagine the ripple as Pac-Man and time as a pack dot.” Becky placed her wrists together, just like Missouri, but unlike the older woman she kept her fingers straight, like she wanted to clap. “Pac-Man closes his mouth and eats the dot.” Becky closed her hands slowly. “But not everything at once.” She parted her hands and clapped properly. Then again touched one wrist to the other. “The closer the change is, the quicker the ripple can erase that timeline. But one change causes many alterations as time goes by and erasing the timeline takes more time but the alterations are more significant.” Again she slowly started to close her hands, her palms coming into contact from the balls of her hands and up to her fingers. “The wider the gap is, the more time you have to change back everything. But if the ripple arrives to the present and it closes around you” Becky’s hands closed properly, “you have no more chance.”
“The one we are looking for is a former archangel named Sariel” Cas explained. “Ze followed Lucifer to Hell.”
Speaking of Kevin, the teen entered the room from the right with a bucket and a mop in his hands. He looked annoyed as hell. Dean could tell his mother ordered him to help which was definitely not the program Kevin had planned for the day.
“Castiel made many mistakes” Hannah agreed. “But it’s praiseworthy how much he tries to correct them.”
“And now?” she hissed. “You think you can prevent every death because you know what the next year would bring us? What happened would happen again, Castiel. No matter what you change.”
“Don’t know, don’t care yet. We gotta come up with something so they won’t find Garth and the others.”
“I’m going to cure you” he says with so much determination, for a moment I wonder if he can really do it. Can he cure me? Can he turn me back to a human? Can I be again who I used to be? Just a hunter who burns bones, beheads vampires, kills demons, werewolves, wendigos and other nasty creatures to save innocent lives?
“As you wish” the other said. “Do you think the woods will be acceptable or would you prefer an other place?”
Castiel didn’t move for a long while. He needed to process everything. Dean had the Mark of Cain, Michael was freed by angels, he killed Metatron, he pured Dean’s soul, gave back Castiel’s Grace and now he wants him to heal the hunter. There were many things he didn’t understand and he needed to discuss it with Dean and Sam.
“I couldn’t destroy the tablet in time. When Metatron told me that he…” Cas’ eyes start shining more. “You died because of me. You became a demon because of me. I failed you. I just want to die, Dean.”
Castiel had had very few encounters with children, one of them little more than two. She had been at ease around him but it didn’t mean every child was the same. But Dean could befriend any one of them, he was sure of that.
Hannah was panicking now. What if the Leviathans had already appeared in this timeline? What if one of them had invaded Hannah’s vessel without her noticing it? She had taken the enemy into the bunker! She was careless! She was a threat to Sam and the others’ life!
As I sit there, I close my eyes. I could sleep now. I don’t miss nightmares at all, but sleeping is so human. And I miss being a human, a lot. Maybe it sucked, but it was simple. Simpler than being a demon, fighting back a fucking mark from the Devil, and seeing the looks your family gives you when they see you like this. I so what to be a human again…
Maybe it wasn’t even a warding. There had to be something else in it. It was strange how the humans lived through the greatest pain of their lives.
Tessa crossed her arms and looked away with a troubled expression. Maybe he should have stayed quite, Dean guessed. He had no idea about these angelic family relations. See his conversation with Cas after they had finished with the shelves. He had unintentionally made Cas sad and now Tessa was sad too. Dean Winchester, breaker of angel hearts. Wonderful title.
My body, soul and mind are so calm I’m surprised that this feeling even exists. It’s like a horrendous storm turned into a sunny afternoon without everything in-between. The Mark is silent. But not in the way it was silent in the past when I still could feel its presence. No. It’s so silent like it’s not even there.
“Do you know where they are?” he asked Muriel with a low voice, his eyes observing the dark corners of the room.
I have no other choice but go back to the place I wanted to avoid so much. I have to go back to the bunker and see if Sam found anything.
“You know, since Lucifer is back in the Cage and Sariel so incompetent to lead us, I looked after the rest of us. I never hungered for power like Abaddon, so taking over Hell was never my intention. But when you go around, slaughtering them like pigs…” He sighs and shakes his head. “Dean, Dean. You’re in trouble.”
Castiel tightened his jaw. He gathered a great amount of Grace in his palms and pushed it inside Dean’s body. What he didn’t expect was the force that took more and more from him.
. Bobby is alive and not dead and his words hit their mark so perfectly that I could only gape and stop my eyes turning back to their original color just in time.
Watching Dean sleep, making sure he was okay, came naturally for him. He had done it many times, either visible or invisible, but never as a human.
“You know, Castiel…” Ephraim started after a while. “Yesterday something strange happened. I was following the screams of your soul when all of a sudden it…
Giving into my inner ‘sap’ I press my face – definitely not my mouth – against Cas’ forehead and murmur against his skin.
My hand trembles as I reach out. Damn it… If I wasn’t a coward… If it wasn’t always the wrong place and the wrong time… There could have been
Feeling his turmoil, Sam sent him a wave of comfort. He trusted him even though his actions had been questionable. He was a kind man.
That was not wise, Sam thought. They weren’t strong enough to last long against a demon. They had to try and alter the plan a little, still playing safe. If they alert Metatron’s or Abaddon’s attention, they would be in big trouble. Their knowledge of the future was their only advantage. If they lose it…
Sam was out of the Impala too when he saw something was wrong with Hannah. He rushed to her side and put a hand on the small of her back.
Like he was just waiting for this moment, Sam’s eyes glowed up with a flash of blue. His body straightened, making him taller. Noticing the change, Kevin quickly stepped away.
“I doubt that” Dorothy answered thoughtfully. “She would have attacked us by now. She’s going to sacrifice someone, I think.”
A shiver ran down his spine. He had met her before. Didn’t know where, didn’t know when, but they had met. And that meeting was something he didn’t want to remember.
“Because it’s not.” Sam waited for Jody to sit down again and then continued. “Angels have to possess a vessel so they can walk among us without burning out our eyes. They seek out true believers who first have to say yes before the angels can take over their bodies. The people lose the ability to control their body. There are angels who respect their vessels and take good care of them, but most of them get carried away, greedy, and don’t inform the vessels about anything. It’s a… complicated situation.”
And before he could react he was already unconscious again. But now, fortunately, he didn’t dream anything.
“We have a lot to talk about, you and I.” Malachi glanced back at him. “I suppose you know what I want.”
Sam bit his lower lip and folded his arms before his chest. He fixed his gaze on the floor for a while then looked back up at them.
Castiel inhaled a long breath, shifting uncomfortably in the seat but his face remained emotionless. Dean frowned.
“Yes.” Charlie nodded with a big smile. She was ready to go back. But she would return to Oz one day. That was a promise she would keep till the end.
“When you wanted to open the Cage. Yeah, that was a bigger thing. But he also helped us figure out who’s behind…” A pause. “What?”
Sam rubbed his face. There were so many things to be fixed he feared he couldn’t do it. Maybe everything was so broken he couldn’t do anything.
Castiel lowered his gaze to the floor. It was old, the color was faded in a lot of places but it was surprisingly clean.
“Castiel” the angel spoke. “There’s Enochian warding on the wall. Does an angel work with this Crowley?”
I look up at Cas, maybe to see if he knew about this or to ask what was going on, but then I see him lowering the gun and complete desperation takes over his face.
“Gavin. I told Crowley to send him back but no! He had to take him away and let him go heaven knows where!”
“Oh, we were more than allies, right Sammy? We shared a body once, remember?” Meg made a low sound which sounded very much like a moan and she moved her shoulders lazily, rolling them back and forth. “Good old times.”
Dean and Meg watched the other for a while, and Bobby feared that they would start a fistfight but suddenly Dean’s lips curled up to a sad smile.
Castiel looked up. He was sitting at a desk surrounded by the tallest bookshelves a human could just dream about. The archives of Heaven had the biggest amount of written documents, the earliest from the dawn of time when angels were still young. So Castiel was hoping to find something here. There must be a way to erase the Mark of Cain. And he would find it.
After saying it the young prophet stormed away. Sam watched the doorway where he made his leave then the man sighed.
The inside was messy. Broken furniture everywhere, glass on the floor and, the cherry on top of this all, a guy in the middle of the living room with two black holes where his eyes were supposed to be. But what made the corpse more grotesque was the tube-like tongue that hung out of his mouth.
The hospital trembled and Gadreel quickly stepped back and went to the window. He didn’t saw anything outside yet. Dean came back who then drew protecting sigils on the walls and left again. Outside windows shattered and screams were heard and in the room Gadreel did everything he could to heal Sam but he couldn’t. The monitor was beeping loudly when Dean entered. Blood covered his face and cloths.
“Uh, everything I can.” Dean started stuttering a little. “There's actually another angel in there working on him right now.”
“Like you don’t know” she snarled. “My vessel produces higher temperature and it makes movements I’m not conscious of. My thoughts are wandering away meanwhile I’m not aware of my surroundings. Not to mention my Grace. It’s humming because you’re taking control of me, isn’t it?”
He turned to his left. He was laying on the right side of the bed on his stomach. Then there was an empty space beside him, and on the chair sat Cas, one hand around his chest, the other holding his bowed down head. His eyes were closed and his breath even.
The Empty watched him, searching his face, then its lips curled up to a smirk. But it had no ill intentions. It seemed to be simply amused.
He felt a flutter of excitement in his stomach. Jesus… Why did he feel this way? Those were just thoughts. There were no guarantee that he could finish school. Any kind of school. He wasn’t… He wasn’t that good at studying…
Dean spun around. There was a mirror behind him. No. It was a window. He saw a room behind it with wooden walls. It was so familiar with that table in the middle.
“The hell was that, Cas?!” Dean rushed to his side and quickly checked if he had any visible injuries.
“Why did you drag Cas into this?!” I continue, my voice getting louder. “If you had the Colt and you wanted me to be dead so much, why didn’t you shoot me already?! Why did you give him the Colt when he’s so ill?!”
Sam carefully examined his head and when he didn’t see any serious bruises he sat down next to Dean.
Castiel wiped the wetness off his cheeks. Demons found satisfaction in chaos. Maybe that was what made Dean do what he had done. He wanted to see the chaos the ripple had caused. He wasn’t the Dean he knew. He wasn’t the man he had raised from the Pit. He was a Knight of Hell he had to stop before he caused any more trouble for them.
“If I consider this, and I mean just consider it, I need something, man. You got to prove to me how bad he is.”
Castiel walked to the Impala, but before he got in he looked back. Daphne still stood in the doorway. She waved to him and Castiel waved back.
Castiel gazed down at the floor while Sam explained everything with a low voice which he tried to ignore as much as he could. He didn’t want to hear it again. Purgatory, the Fall, the Mark of Cain. He wanted all of this to be a bad dream but it wasn’t. He recalled the picture of a smiling Dean again and it somewhat eased the pain.
Dorothy held back a breath and closed the file. She found a box with her name on it in one of the storage rooms for unsolved cases. She was just looking for some information about that mysterious woman. Instead she found this and here she was now, reading her father’s long reports of his missing daughter.
Kevin put the photos back in the folder with the document, then opened the journal on the first page.
“I’ll still have to wrap my head around it but no problem.” Sonny cleared his throat. “So! Timmy’s mom.”
Crowley closes the box loud before I can see what’s inside it. Something important is in there? Some dirty little secret? Who knows? Certainly not me, and I have no plans to find it out. I don’t have time for that.
“Welcome to the bunker, Ms. Tran” Sam said with a smile as he turned the key in the lock and opened the door.
Bobby looked at the boy like he didn’t know him. And right now he didn’t know him. He thought that Sam was the brightest out of the two. Not if Dean didn’t have his shining moments of intelligence or Sam didn’t do anything stupid, but this was the rock-bottom.
’ he asked the angel who he tried to ignore for a few days now, and only talked to him when it was necessary.
“What is it, Winchester?” he asks mockingly. He brushes down his perfectly made tie like it was moved from its place. “Giving up already?”
“Can we call Dean now?” Charlie was exhausted. Her eyes were closed and she leaned against the window as Sam drove away from the spa. “Maybe he knows something.”
“I’m a human, Crowley” he said, forcing his voice not to shake and reveal his true feelings. He stepped closer and put his palms on the table. “But let’s talk about you instead. How did you get back?”
“Yes” he answers. “I know you’re still there… You’re still there somewhere and I know you can hear me. Please, Dean, you have to stop this. I know how strong you are. I saw your soul in Hell. No matter how tainted your soul was, it still shined brighter than anything I had ever seen in my long life. I know you’re stronger than the Mark. You can fight it. You can defeat it.”
“Okay. There are two things. Crowley’s real name in Fergus MacLeod. He was buried in Canisbay, Scotland. You can find his bones there. When you get them and make a deal with Crowley, be sure to have Ca– Emmanuel with you. He will know if Crowley didn’t change certain parts of the deal.”
I’m working with him for two months now. I travelled around Hell and Earth countless times, looking for demons I had to kill. The job was satisfying. I can kill some sons of bitches and feed the Mark with the blood of my victims.
“Don’t…” Dean protested but it was already too late. The pain left his body and he was sure his face was as healthy as ever. “Don’t waste your Grace.”
. Why was it that no matter how many times he had faced anything related to Lucifer, his reasonable self all of a sudden shut down? Was it because of the demon blood? Did it somehow alter him, triggering some kind of a hidden order inside him whenever Lucifer was involved in something? He couldn’t explain how else he would not listen to Dean when he had said to stop swallowing demon blood. Or how he would open the Cage.
He saw movement to his left. Dean turned there and saw Robin pushing herself up on her arms. When she looked around and locked eyes with him the color drained from her face. Was he looking that bad?
“That demon mocked me every day how unimportant I was to my father because he never answered his messages.”
Just by standing next to Castiel Hannah could tell he had little chance to survive one more day. While Heaven recharged every angel that returned there, Castiel’s stolen Grace just made everything worse. She was sure he knew it too when he had entered the portal. She didn’t know what he had been thinking and she really hoped it wasn’t about intentionally hurting himself.
Dean had to stop for the night. He got unused to tiredness in the past few months. In one moment he was driving in the dark but in the next he woke to the horn of a van. Luckily he had time to return the car to the right side of the road so he survived the almost frontal crash without any harm. He quickly parked the Impala in the shadows of a few trees and bushes, rubbed his aching head and killed the engine. He didn’t want to sleep in a motel. The familiarity of his car provided some safety.
“Hey, little girl.” Sam crouched down when he was just a step away from her. “Where did you come from?”
“Someone who once told me to not blame myself if anything bad happens” he said with a low voice. Sam didn’t realize he spoke out loud until something clenched his throat tightl. Somehow saying it made everything more real and unchangeable. He quickly cleared his throat.
Humanity fascinated him. All the senses, emotions, motivations and instincts. The different combinations of those made every individual unique on their own way. Some shone brighter, some were darker, but every human was a piece of art. He grew to treasure his time as a human even though how much struggle it had brought to him. Starting with the fear of uselessness, being not needed by those who were dear to him. That had been why Dean’s words had broken him back in the bunker. Finally when he had arrived to a place he could one time call his home, he had been sent away. The reason as he had later learnt was understandable but it hadn’t stopped him from feeling pain.
“There are a lot more hunters in the building” Hannah commented. “And I was informed about Leviathans detected in the country. The ripple is getting closer.”
Dean sometimes glanced at Cas during the ride back to the bunker. The former angel fixed his eyes on the road, never looking at anything that wasn’t necessary during driving. Namely Dean. If he was still angry he didn’t show it. But this ‘I won’t acknowledge your prescience’ was killing him. He had longed for a time like this like in the old days when it had been just him driving and Cas riding shotgun. And now that it finally happened they were angry at each other.
When I finish I just stand there and look at the mountain of powder, bone and dry plant. Crowley thought you how to ignite fire so the only thing I have to do is snap my fingers and watch it burn.
Dean came from the back of the building and sat down next to him. Castiel feared he would ask about his behavior right away. But his expression was too peaceful. He slowly let out the tension with a long breath.
“What do you mean I’m not from the Host?!” Hannah asked, offended. Did Metatron just question her angelhood?!
“Like in Home Alone?” the former angel asked and tilted his head. In that movie the main character, Kevin, used simple tools found around his house to defeat the robbers.
That was a stupid way to ask because a lot had happened. Luckily, Cas understood how he meant the question.
“Juliet?” Sam guessed. The beast’s eyes narrowed. Maybe it didn’t like the fact that Sam knew its name.
“If I ever go down that path” Dean said, shaking his head, a hand grabbing his right forearm, “don’t let me pull you down too. Lock me into a cell and throw the key away, just don’t let me do those horrible things.”
Just in time. Hearing the noise, the front door opened and a group of men and women rushed outside and headed towards the left side of the house. Sam didn’t recognize any of them as vampires so he assumed they were demons.
Well, it wasn’t really him fighting. He didn’t remember ever fighting with these guys in the past. One of them was the size of the barn door he’d just entered through and he was pushing this other Dean backwards and…
Hannah turned around. Sam walked to them, stopping next to the angel. He looked more tired than when she had left with Castiel.
For a moment he thought the Winchester put down his phone but Ed could still hear him breathing on the other side. This lasted for a long while and Ed was surprised he was so patient. Normally he would just say ‘never mind’ then end this weird conversation. But no. He stayed the way he was and just waited until the Winchester finally took a deep breath.
A hand on his stopped him. Dean looked into the blue eyes of the fallen angel who fixed his gaze on him, not letting him turn away.
He remembered the way she had scratched his back gently. It felt… nice. Almost intimate. It had reminded him to better times with Jess and Amelia. For a moment he had thought he had a normal life with a normal family and a normal job and a normal everything. He forgot about Hell and Heaven and Time and even his demonic brother. His soul had finally relaxed, letting go the weight of the world on his shoulders. For a short moment he had found the peace he was always seeking.
They decided to sit outside the park. It was a warm November afternoon, they could stay there without fearing to catch a cold. Charlie was looking up information of Vesta with the help of her laptop which she found in less than two minutes.
“I’m just here to wish you luck” she started as she was observing the threads. “The task ahead leads you to a rocky road with many difficulties. And as much as I sympathize with you, which I shouldn’t, I can’t prevent the things that are waiting for you. I can only warn you to be prepared.”
“I’m very curious about your story, Dean. It seems very interesting by just looking at you. Would you mind to share some details with me?”
The next few seconds lasted for a lifetime until finally Dean’s eyelids parted and Castiel could see…
“I’m happy for you, Daphne” he said. “I hope you’re going to have a wonderful life with your family.”
“Okay, guys.” Sam stepped to them, taking Dean from Charlie. “Dean needs to sleep, you can play in the morning.”
But she wouldn’t go to Heaven just for the documents. Now that she new exactly what was going on inside her, she felt it was time to look for the spy. She was certain someone was reporting to Metatron. And the one who worked behind their backs would pay for it.
“Wait…” Sam brushed back his hair in a way to calm himself down but his fingers were still trembling. “Are you saying that we should…”
He fell on the ground with a groan, rolling on his back he put a hand on his aching shoulder and tried to stop the tears of pain that threatened to spill.
“What are these symbols, Crowley?” Sam pulled out a paper from his pocket and placed it on the desk. Dean looked down at it. Cas was right. It looked similar to Enochian, but even he could see that the symbols were off. They were too… rough? He didn’t find a better word.
She dismissed her siblings who were guarding the cell. They watched their sister with questioning eyes but they didn’t dare to ask. Hannah didn’t pay attention to them as they left the corridor and closed the door behind them loudly. Her eyes were fixed on the angel behind the bars.
“Or maybe” he says, “it’s not the right time and place.” He puts the pack of chips back inside his pocket. “You are a champion who still has a long journey ahead of him. The next time we meet, maybe you’ll be ready to talk.”
As soon as Dean was gone, Emmanuel stood that exact same place, looking confused. His sudden appearance startled Meg too.
But who am I to judge him? I made the same thing just like him. Crowley approached me when I was at my lowest and used it for his advantage. Did he do this in Cas’ case too? How exactly did that alliance begin?
“Does…” Sam started uncertainly. “Does Father Time exist?” Then he quickly added. “I’m not asking for his whereabouts. I just… I can’t trust Crowley. He manipulated us so many times in the past. It’s because of him that Dean…” Sam took a shaky breath. “Please, tell me. Does he even exist?”
And with that Charlie’s all attention was on Cas again and she just talked and talked and Dean just smirked as the former angel tried to find a way out of this situation.
He emerged from his room around seven pm. He went to the kitchen, swallowed a pill, grabbed some food he could eat then walked to the library. As expected, he found Kevin and Sam, or maybe Gadreel, still working on the translations.
I appear right in the storage room. This is the only one I know about, hopefully the others too. I have to hurry. If I could come up with the time travel idea in a relatively short time, the others would too.
Jody watched him for a while, maybe she had some hidden ability to see his too slowly fading uneasiness regarding the subject no matter how much he didn’t show it, then clapped her palms together.
Sam’s phone started ringing at that moment. He took it out of his pocket, looked at it with a frown then picked it up.
“You should put a leash on the angel, Moose. Your training methods failed miserably. But what should I expect from a Winchester?”
At least Cas was a reassuring presence next to him. Dean’s mind was still occupied by the moments after he woke up, and knowing that the angel was still there with him gave him the strength to go on and not let anything to drag him down. Not by a stupid angel chick, not by a stupid dream.
Sam had nothing to say. They really should have visited the psychic a long time ago. But Sam knew well that Dean hadn’t wanted to go back to Lawrence ever. The memory of losing their mother and the fire had still affected Dean, and Sam respected his brother’s silent plea when they had left the town.
“Why would you help me? I took away your angel. You are his happiness and I took him away from you.”
“I can’t promise anything” and before any of the Winchesters could say anything he put down his phone.
Luckily, Thomas was at home, sleeping comfortably in his bed. Gadreel stopped at his bedside and watched the man. Now what? Thomas couldn’t look at him like this, it would only injure him. His only choice was to enter his dream, but that required a great amount of his power. If anything went wrong, he would die. But he had to try.
She reached the door successfully and knocked loudly with urgency. She heard someone walking up the stairs and the door opened. Hannah didn’t even wait for it to open properly.
Because I tried to make it stop. I found a vampire nest and beheaded everyone that attacked me or tried to run away. The floor and the walls were all painted with red and blood pooled around my feet but the strange feeling stayed.
He wasn’t angry at Sam. He knew his words had made him upset. He was neither happy about his suggestion but they had no other choice. Those angels were looking for the ingredients of the time travel spell Henry Winchester had used. If they didn’t find Father Time, that spell would be their only chance. He didn’t know yet why but Dean was holding them back. Did he find it entertaining to watch them suffer?
Castiel ran his fingers through his hair. He couldn’t believe it! After Metatron had confessed everything in his office to every angel to be heard on the angel radio, there was still someone who supported him from the shadows? But who?
While he waited for Sam’s answer he watched Maritza and her husband. Larry put an arm around her and pulled her closer to his chest. The woman took a shaky breath then leaned her head on his shoulder.
Angels never ran. Their wings could take them anywhere in a matter of seconds, why would they use their vessel’s legs to move faster? But ever since they had lost their wings, Hannah found herself walking faster, eager to reach her destination in the shortest time possible. It was frustrating how slow her human legs were but without her wings she had to get used to it.
The other possible way is to use a spell. The spell Henry Winchester used. He needed some ingredients for that but I don’t remember which ones. There must be a book in the bunker with it. And the bunker has a great supply of spell ingredients.
“Honestly? I have no idea. Death said the trap Cas made out of Grace has a role in it but I started feeling… things before that. I have no idea. But I’m not here to talk about this.”
So she knew about his ‘death that hopefully won’t happen this time around’. Sam had told him how his mother had found out about his death and their meeting. He couldn’t imagine how she had felt. He hoped she wouldn’t have to face that again. Or. Whatever. He knew what he meant.
“Remember, the Empty is not for humans” Eileen had said, standing by the fire with two golden cups in her hands. “Once it catches you, you will be ejected and I don’t think you can go back. We have this one chance.”
I grab Crowley’s arm with both of my hands and try to push him away but I can’t. I can hear the Mark snickering at me while it shuts away all of its power so I can’t use it. I want to curse it but I don’t have enough air in my lungs to think properly. The only thing I can do is fight for some oxygen and listen to what Crowley says.
The demon was still inside him, he knew it. Mark of Cain or not, it was still there, waiting for the right moment. The moment when he would be too weak to hold it back. If he even had the power to hold it back, which he certainly didn’t have.
Dean quickly stepped closer, grabbed her wrist and he looked deep into her eyes. She had to understand. She had to!
The honesty and the gratitude in the girl’s voice which was maybe a little childish amazed Castiel. Humans were so different and most of them still acted the same way when someone else helped them.
As he placed his hand on Theo’s head, his Grace made connection with the former angel’s mind. He quickly looked for the memory of that meeting and watched it.
“I asked him to let us do it alone” Charlie explained. “Missing people from the same chastity group? Sounds interesting.”
“By asking you already made the first step. Next is to act like yourself and talk to those who are close to you.”
“That again?” Bobby sighed and shook his head. “Great. All we need now is a PMSing heartbroken celestial human. I’ll talk with him when he calms down.”
“Did Dad…” he started and by just mentioning their father Dean froze. Sam had to clear his throat before he could continue. “Did Dad do something to you?”
Castiel’s words reassured him but didn’t lessen his guilt. It wasn’t him who sacrificed himself to save Heaven from Metatron. He shouldn’t be eased by something that never happened.
I was rereading some earlier chapters so I won't make continuity errors (if I ever make/made, tell me!), and read a sentence and I realized I foreshadowed something I had no intention foreshadowing back then. The mind works in mysterious ways :D
In the next moment Sam was thrown back against the wall by an invisible force. Dean wanted to rush there, see if his brother was alright but he couldn’t move. The arms were still around him.
Cas exchanged a few words with Hannah who then nodded and made her way to the passenger side but before she could got inside the car, Sam turned to her.
meant following Lucifer into the depths of Hell, where their Grace would twist out of itself, rotten by brimstone, melted by acid, burnt and frostbitten at the same time.
A sigh brakes out of him, then his lashes flutter and his eyes crack open. The blues are shining in the light of the flames.
They stopped at the Gas’n’Sip because Cas had to get his stuff and he couldn’t leave without properly saying goodbye to Nora. Dean stayed in the car and watched the two. He could clearly see Nora’s confused face, Cas explaining something, then Nora looked outside right at him and turned back to Cas with a knowing smile. Dean sighed with frustration and decided looking at the passing cars was more interesting.
“Dean and I were killed by Dick in his timeline. But in our timeline where Bobby died, he saved us as a ghost.”
” he glanced at Charlie there, “can get someone inside there and let the Devil out. Possible or not, Sariel thinks it is. What we need to do is stop the other angels and demons from gathering pain.”
Gadreel opened his eyes and moved away. Castiel seemed a bit shaken, he went through everything once again in a short period of time while Gadreel watched, but he held himself together as best as he could.
“Daphne, what you’re going to hear will perhaps freak you out but everything will be fine” Lee said as calmly as possible.
“I…” Sam starts and rubs his eyes quickly. “I thought you were dead. When I saw your body was gone I…” Sam takes a deep breath. “How do we fix this?”
The girl behind her tensed. Castiel wanted to turn around and reassure her that everything would be alright but he didn’t want to blow his act. He fixed his eyes on Ephraim’s shoes, waiting for the angel to finally answer. The seconds passed in an agonizing pace until…
Sam looked past him and really. He saw Bobby’s old car and some others he was sure was not from the Men of Letters’ collection.
Maybe it wasn’t the best thing to say but Sam had to agree that it was the nicest of them all. Cas stiffened again under their touch then stepped away from them.
“I adore kids. A lot” Charlie said, a wide smile spreading on her face. “They are so… sweet and carefree. I envy them a lot. I envy Dean a lot.”
“Speaking of Garth.” Sam looked back at Dean. “Remember that girl? The one from the video who turned into a werewolf? We should tell Garth to look for her.”
Kevin was right. There were not only good things in travelling back in time. They had to do a lot of things again, like kicking those bastards once more.
“Really?” Metatron asked. “You chose to stay with the Winchesters instead of your siblings. You left Castiel once for this. Aren’t you a hypocrite?”
They said goodbye at the door soon after. Castiel gave her his phone number, telling her to call if something dangerous threatened her and her family’s life. She nodded and promised to send photos of the child once she gave birth in spring.
“I don’t understand” he says. “Does she hear me when I answer her question? If so, why can’t I talk with her?”
“I was looking for him. I searched three plains of existence to find him when I heard he was gone. Then when I hear he was found do you know what I saw?” Crowley’s fingers tighten. “Him laying in his own blood with his head a few feet away from him! How did it happen, Dean?! Can you tell me?!”
The first one was a photo of the Liddell family. Father, mother and two girls. The older was Alice. Her dark hair was tied up with a ribbon. In the mother’s arm was the second girl, maybe a week old. Kevin turned the photo. One the backside somebody wrote: ‘
“Good!” Kevin felt the positive energies spreading through him. Maybe they’d have a counter spell by tomorrow. “What does it say?”
“Dean.” She looked into his eyes with seriousness. “You don’t have to force yourself. If you don’t want to tell me…”
It had taken some time to find a spell that would take them to the Empty. Eileen had shown up along the way, providing them an extra pair of hands and eyes in their research. Dean had tried not to let that stab in his heart make him bitter every time he had seen Sam and Eileen talk to each other, stand next to each other, giving glances to each other. He honestly had. He’d been happy for his brother to finally find the happiness he’d always deserved.
The paper was on the table and Cas stared at it with wide eyes. He was leaning on his elbows, fingers grabbing his hair like he wanted to tear it out.
“Yeah, but you don’t have to go all Assassin’s Creed in here.” Dean took some tools out the toolbox and turned back to the car. “How are you, by the way? You didn’t tell much about your time in Oz.”
Unfortunately… Charlie’s car was perfect for riding around the town, going to work, going shopping, going back home. But not for speeding on the highway. It was much slower than the Impala, and he had to force the little car to go on. The cooling system already gave up so they had to roll down the windows and turn the heating on maximum. Cas covered his ears to protect them from the wind rushing into the car. Dean’s hands were full so he endured the throbbing of his eardrums.
When I open my eyes, everything looks so different, no matter how many times I saw it already. I see every little detail of the ceiling above me. My other senses start to work too. Smells and noises from the farthest parts of the bunker make their way to my nose and ears. I know that Sam is in the library, drinking some cheep alcohol, his breathing is shaky.
“It seems the ripple not only effects people but objects too.” Lee turned back to Sam. “And you? Where are you going?”
“Less than a year ago I promised him that when he betrayed us, I'd be the one to carve out his heart. And look where we are now. ” Cas turned back and looked into Sam’s eyes. The angel’s gaze was sad and desperate. “We can’t trust him.”
Hannah placed two fingers to the man’s temple and wiped his memories. It was drastic, she knew that, but the human deserved it. His soul was so rotten she was surprised it wasn’t a demon. But he would be. With a soul like this he wouldn’t go to Heaven.
I glance at Cas one last time, silently saying goodbye to my best friend I never deserved. The angel I corrupted. The angel I hurt so many times and treated like shit. The angel I…
“Not good” Hannah gave him an honest answer as she turned back but still avoided his eyes. Why showing it in a better light when both of them knew how ill Castiel was? “I tried to heal him as much as I could but the damage is too great.”
So he took Cas’ hand as soon as he got to him and started running, pulling Cas with him, not caring when the angel protested.
Cas turned a page and looked at the next one. Too close in Dean’s opinion but maybe it was just a strange habit of his friend.
“And as a human you think you stand a chance against me?” The angel took a step closer. “Against all of us? I hear what they’re saying, Castiel. They’re angry at you for what you and Metatron did. Do you want them to kill you slow or would you like me to finish it as quick as possible? This life is not for you, you know that. Your whole being is shaking with pain and fear.” Ephraim’s features softened. “Let me help you. I promise it will be over soon.”
First Castiel carved a warding into Hannah’s skin, so the two of them could be hidden until the last moment. Then they continued with the trap itself. Hannah showed her disapproval to Dean every time the man turned her way, who in return made a face and rolled his eyes. But all three of them worked hard, and when they finished, they could only wait until Sam called them.
And after losing her son, it was a good way to heal for Jody too. She loved the little girl with all her heart and the two of them raised her peacefully. As peaceful as they could in the world they lived in.
Sam parked the car and stopped the engine. When they got out he slammed the door hard and he didn’t care what angry remarks Dean was sending his way as the eldest of the two brothers quickly searched the car for any damage. Castiel rushed to his side.
“There are many things we don’t understand” I say. “Like, are we alone? Are there aliens? Why are we alive? Why we have to die? Why can’t everything be more simple?”
Hannah’s heart jumped after hearing this. That was new. Sam had never said anything like this to her. She felt joy washing over her Grace and her face lit up.
As suddenly as it started it ended. The familiarity of his Grace spread through his body. It gave him safety and strength. Now he would be able to protect everyone who was important to him.
Daphne was sitting next to the armchair where Castiel was seated. The woman looked up at her, eyes glistening with unshed tears.
She didn’t want to step away. Staying this close to the man felt nice. For a moment she didn’t worry about anything and her grief became smaller. But she had to. Someone stood behind Sam, she noticed. Looking past him, she saw a blonde woman watching Hannah with questioning eyes.
Castiel was glad Dean took care of himself and admitted when he needed to gain back his energy. It didn’t stop him to worry about him, but it made easier to believe that he would get better soon. Wounds would heal, the nightmares would pass, and when they defeat this darkness looming above them, they all would finally have some time to rest. Castiel was uncertain in what form he would be at that time, but one thing was sure. He would be with the Winchesters, no matter what.
“Don’t say anything, okay?” Sam asked them. “Don’t embarrass him. If he stays like this, I don’t want him to repress his true self, okay? Hell, he can become a drag queen, I don’t care. I’ll love him, no matter what.”
Kevin did as asked. He handed Castiel an empty sheet, a pen and an other paper with different symbols. Castiel took the pen and readied himself to write but he petrified. He just sat there and watched the symbols like they were the greatest horror of the world.
He was about to show the way to the bathroom when his body suddenly moved towards his mother and hugged her tightly like he feared she would disappear. Linda just stood there for a moment then hugged him back. Kevin felt tears threatening to fall again.
When they entered the kitchen Kevin already heard most of the story from Cas. Muriel dead, Malachi dead, Gadreel banished, plus the mysterious supernatural lady. And now the angel from Castiel took his Grace was in the bunker.
Dean had felt coldness spreading through his body. His hands had trembled and he’d quickly settled them next to the laptop before he’d done anything mindless. Like slamming it shut and breaking it. But he’d been better than this. Cas had said so.
Hannah fixed her gaze on the road ahead. She heard her siblings crying in fear, screaming in anger. Each of them repeated the same two names.
Sam helped Garth down the stairs. Poor boy was a wreck. His breath was quick and cried uncontrollably. Bobby gave Lucy to Becky and rushed to the men with Cas and Lee.
And it seemed like the world was about to collapse around Sam at the thought of her not coming with them. His soul reached out towards her, pleading that she would change her mind, that she would go with them, go with
Bobby sighed and stood up. He didn’t move for a while then without really thinking about it put a hand on the angel’s head and ruffled the dark hair.
That was how he found himself outside of the bunker with his cheeks and hands exposed to the cold morning air. He and Dean ran next to each other, both of them exhausted after five minutes of steady jogging. Sam was way ahead of them, sometimes looking back to say something encouraging.
He walked down a familiar path on the identical corridors. He passed bedrooms and the kitchen until he finally reached the library.
He was expecting the disbelief. Eyes widened with shock or narrowed upon hearing the crazy story of their time travel.
Hannah didn’t let him to finish. She quickly stepped away and made her way to the exit. No matter how many times he called her name as she rushed up the stair she knew she shouldn’t be here. If Metatron had something to do with it then she was a threat. And she didn’t want to hurt Sam and the others.
“Or maybe you value them too much. Your time among them weakened you, Castiel. I used to think highly of you but now you’re nothing. You’re just a human.”
Working with Crowley is something I’ve never thought I would do. I still remember the anger I felt when I found out Cas was plotting with the demon behind out backs. But, as I already decided, Dean was weak. He didn’t understand the possibilities a partnership like this meant. And when he did, he only just scratched the surface. An information here, a little manipulation there. Dean never saw when Crowley was using him. I on the other hand do.
Dean had been turned into his three years old self. He was tiny compared to how tall he was as a grown man. His hair was also longer, making it blonder. Castiel and Sam had no idea how much Dean knew about his life, if he had lost some memories or not due to becoming much younger. He recognized them and knew who they were and at the moment that was enough.
Yes, Dean would actually admit that he whimpered when Metatron reached out with his free hand to touch his forehead. He didn’t want to see that little more than one year ever again. Living it through one time was more than enough, he didn’t want to see it again. He wanted to beg for mercy but even if he could say a word, Metatron wouldn’t give him any.
Sam let out a shaky breath and nodded. Bobby took a step back and smiled at him while squeezing his shoulders.
I hear a noise to my right and turn there with a smirk. I take the Blade in my hand and walk down the corridor.
Charlie put her free hand on her hip and looked at the ground. While she was thinking Dorothy looked around again. The world changed so much in the past decades. Charlie had warned her that outside the bunker nothing would be the same but she had never imagined this. Technology evolved into something she had only read in a few sci-fi books. Or more. Or less. It depended on how you looked at it. The cars couldn’t fly but they were nice, at least.
“And leave you with that son of a bitch!?” Dean burst out suddenly. Sam was taken aback. Dean had never talked about their father like that. “Let him ruin everything I taught you since you were a baby!? Maybe Dad beat into me that I have to protect you from the supernatural at all cost but it was me who decided that you were my responsibility!” Dean blinked back the wetness from his eyes and his hand moved to Sam’s face. A small smile appeared on his face as he continued with a softer voice. “I was your brother, your father and your mother at the same time. It was not John who told me to do this. It was my own decision. I
“It’s good to see him like this” Castiel admitted on the seventh day. He and Sam were sitting on the couch, watching Charlie and Kevin play some videogames with Dean on the floor. “If only he would be this happy when he turns back to himself again.”
He’d been prepared to live and die with all that regret and shame, the painful memories being a constant presence for the rest of his life. After everything he’d done that was the least he deserved as a punishment.
The identity of the one who had burnt the ingredients troubled them but they still had other options. They knew a lot of places where a hunter could buy the components they needed. But no matter who they called, they got the same answer:
Ephraim’s lifeless vessel fell on the ground with the blade still in it but he didn’t bother to remove it. Castiel was by Dean’s side in a leap.
With that the teen left the nurse office. The silence that she left behind was sparking with the tension in the air. Castiel waited until his breathing normalized and just then turned back to the man lying on the bed.
“You know we can’t trust Crowley” Cas said. “He may not lie, but he would definitely hold back important information. Like that the Mark would…”
Benjamin nodded and walked out of the bunker. Sam closed the door and went back to his friend’s side. And if someone guessed he wanted to make up for all those times he ignored the angel by sitting by his side without moving, he wouldn’t deny it.
Josiah put away whatever it was inside his pocket and the two angels moved away from the house. Luckily for Charlie and Sam, once they reached the sidewalk, they walked to the opposite direction where they got inside the car. Sam grabbed Charlie’s arm and pulled her to the back of the car. With their breaths held back, they waited. Charlie heard the engine coming to life and the car drove away, once again luckily for them, to the farthest end of the street. They stayed there until they couldn’t hear the car anymore, then Charlie let out a long breath.
Sam was… flattered. He knew Death respected him on his own way. More than a year ago he himself came to reap him. But God too? The God who left Heaven and the angels alone which then resulted a series of messed up situations? Where was he? Was he watching them now, curious if they succeed or not?
“Bonnie is our suspect” she said, turning back to Charlie. “Did you see how she reacted when you mentioned the missing people?”
I’m panting heavily as I stand still in the position after I threw the rock, eyes fixed on Sam’s unconscious form. I begin running towards him as soon as the wind calms down and when I arrive to his side I crouch down to inspect the wound. Just a bump. Good. He won’t be awake for a few minutes.
Hannah had never joined any of the forming groups after the Fall. Those of her siblings who had led the angels had never been her favorites. Bartholomew, Malachite and a few others had always been rougher and had done more questionable things without an order than the rest of them. So Hannah had always kept her distance until she had met with others like her. Then they had been killed and Castiel had come.
“I’m not a human you scum!” Theo shouted. “I’m an angel!” They his eyes found Castiel’s. “Give it back! Give me my Grace!”
“That doesn’t change anything!” she started. “They’re all the same! Every one of them wants our death!”
So Kevin sighed and hugged Dean. He couldn’t just call him names and hurt him because he would later regret it. Like Dean had said it was a second chance. Everyone deserved one. Except the intentionally evil ones.
“Because he can’t interfere with Life that much. He can give a hint here and there, but the amount of time he can do it is limited. Hence I’m here, since I know some things.”
“I fought a lot. My larping skills made it better but I still had to learn many things.” She moved to Dean’s side to see his face. “But how are you?”
Dean was about to shake his head too, but his eyes fixed on something on one of the shelves. As they passed by it, he turned his head back, watching whatever caught his gaze. Castiel stopped and looked back. They just passed the entrance of the toy section. Carefully Castiel walked backwards, pulling the cart with him.
She was alive for one more day, life support kept her with her mother for one last day before her body gave up and the girl passed away. Elisa lost her will to live. Her life was centered around her little girl and losing her left her with no purpose to live.
And damn it, he was using that demanding voice again and he couldn’t help just stare back and wait. He realized too late that while he was busy looking Cas took the papers from his hand. He stepped away and took a look at those.
She turned her back to Castiel and placed her hands in her lap. If she didn’t have emotions why did it hurt so much looking at Castiel? Why did it ache her Grace like nothing ever before? Why was there a knot in her vessel’s throat and why was it harder to breathe even though she knew nothing blocked the way of air to the lungs? Why did her hands start shaking? Why did her eyes stung? Why did her vision blur? Why were her cheeks wet?
This Hannah however was colder than he expected. She didn’t hide the distrust towards him, even though he showed her every moment of his life. He had nothing to hide from those who he considered his friends and allies.
Cas’ face softened and Dean knew he agreed with him. They had been both fallen into the trap of Crowley’s manipulation. They had both come out of that as losers. But…
Castiel didn’t look at Sam. He had an unfixed gaze and just nodded. Hannah put her hand back on Castiel’s shoulder and squeezed it. She would do anything to help him reach their destination alive. Maybe… even if it meant to give up her own Grace. It wouldn’t last longer than this stolen Grace, but maybe her willingly giving it up wouldn’t kill him in the end. And if it meant Castiel would survive this, she would gladly sacrifice her Grace. She would do anything for her family.
When Gadreel finally released him he wanted to throw up. He had done everything in the past few days to not remember the blood he had spilled and now seeing this moment again made his head spin. The ring in his ears was painfully loud and high, and his forearm burnt.
When I thought everything would be fine, when I finally found a place I could call home again and people I could call my family it went down like a roller coaster and I still didn’t hit rock bottom. Or did I? Is this the bottom of that drop? Is this the end of it, where I finally admit to myself that everything I called living in the past years was just going with the flow? While everyone around me lived and I stayed the same excuse of a human? Lived if they were lucky. John died, Sam died, Cas died, Bobby died, Kevin died. All because I wasn’t strong enough and couldn’t protect them.
“It’s not for me.” Gavin takes a sip from his drink and squints as the alcohol burns his throat. “My father used to beat me. I hated him.”
She also watched the first few episodes of the new season of her TV shows, read some new books, like House of Hades, and damn it Rick Riordan that troll! She also watched Frozen – which was indeed leaked out on the net a few days after she got back, - the new Thor, Catching Fire, and damn, those movies were great!
“And!” The prophet finally stopped and looked at the hunter. “There’s an angel named Gadreel in you who saved you from certain death without your knowledge who then killed me but it’s okay! He’s a good guy! Metatron just tricked him!”
Sonny nodded and both of them were silent for a long moment. Robin walked out of the house, heading towards Dean. When the man saw her he said something to Cas and walked to her. As they started talking Sam turned back to Sonny.
Dorothy exhaled a long breath and from the dead goddess she looked at Charlie who was so pleased with herself her eyes were twinkling like stars in the light of the blue flames.
“Crowley wants me to kill three of the Leaders of Hell” I start. “Lucifer is in the Cage, Cain killed Belphegor, I killed Abaddon, Mammon and Asmodeus, and Beelzebub is still out there. Those three were the ones on my list. But Crowley didn’t say anything about the seventh one. And since the guy was your follower, you can tell me who Sariel…”
My shoulder hurts like hell where that angel stabbed me. It’s burning, every movement is a torture, and it doesn’t seem to get better anytime soon. It doesn’t seem the wound will get better anytime soon.
“And then I heard that scream, you know that ‘help me’ kind of and I ran into the forest and I saw this guy on the ground and the other holding him, and I checked and he was totally dried out and I thought maybe the nurse could help him so I brought him here with the other guy…”
The younger man’s eyes widened with shock and made an attempt to say something but instead he chocked on his own blood and fell on the floor.
“And Muriel” Cas added, eyes still fixed on Dean. Under his stare Dean felt himself becoming smaller. “I’ll pray to both of them, explaining our situation and asking them to meet me. Maybe next week or the week after.”
The man sighed and pulled his jacket around himself tightly. Solitude. He had always valued the times when he was on his own with only his thoughts and could be who he was deep inside. For his Dad he had to be the perfect little soldier, for Sam he had to be the substitute parent, for the chicks he had to be the womanizer, for the hunter community he had to be the hunter who could do anything as good as them no matter ‘how pretty his face is for a hunter’ was. But in times like this he didn’t need to act. He could be the scared little boy who he truly was, longing for his mother’s warm hug who he had lost too early.
Dawn greeted them in Lebanon. The first rays of light washed the area in a light yellow and pink. The air was chilly as they got out of the Impala and walked to the main entrance.
“Dude, I’m not a baby” Dean argued, halfheartedly, because he appreciated Sam’s concern. “I’m okay. Let’s get this over with.”
Second chances. It was a foreign concept for the Winchesters. No matter how many times they came back to life, it was always part of a greater plan. Dean’s first second chance after he had come back from Hell was orchestrated by Heaven, the next second chance with Lisa had had a bitter end, and while coming back from Purgatory had left him feeling empty but ready for a new lifestyle had been a road leading to his rough demonic change. Yes, maybe Purgatory had cleared up some misty parts in his self-understanding, it had made him embrace his more brutal side. A side of him which he despised now with a passion.
Cas was held by an other angel. Without that he would be surely on the ground, limbs laying in different directions, like a ragdoll’s. His breathing was shallow and… Was that smoke coming out of him?
Dean turned to Kevin halfway up the stairs who stood at the entrance of the library. He had a mug of steaming coffee in his hands and wore a sweater bigger than his size.
But he had to stay silent if he didn’t want to make Charlie and the angel behind him angrier. Why reason with them? He knew he was guilty for some stupid things too, like erasing his own timeline, but he had had a good reason and the result hadn’t involved letting freaking Lucifer out.
“Right. I’ll show you the bathroom” he jabbered. “I can give you a shirt and trousers. And I’ll tidy one of the bedrooms. Or you can sleep in my room. I’ll sleep on the floor or the couch. I don’t mind. I can borrow Dean’s memory foam. He won’t mind. Or if he will, I tell him to…”
“How…” she started with a weak voice then coughed before she spoke again. “How do you know those things?”
Daphne turned in her chair to face him properly. She put one hand on the table, the other on the back of her chair and leaned a little closer.
Or maybe… he could come up with something similar? Up until now every ghost they had met was real. He had honestly never faked anything. But when losing his friend was on the line… He needed something creepy. Similar to Slenderman but not the same. And the name…  Thinman? Yes. Thinman was good. He could post some stories on their site under a fake name. He would then show it to Harry and be on the road in no time. Good.
The demon screams in pain. He steps away, trying to escape from the weapon that can kill anything but I don’t let him. I’m quickly on my feet and shove the Blade deep into his stomach. Mammon dies the way Abaddon and Asmodeus did, but now I don’t feel bad. I know it was the right thing to do. Mammon was an angel turned demon. He was a follower of Lucifer, an enemy of humanity and Heaven. He deserved to die and the others too.
Finally, he’d heard a chair sliding slowly on the floor. The hand on his arm had been gone and he’d heard footsteps approaching him then stopping. He’d heard knees cracking which would’ve made him laugh at Sam for how old he’d been getting in any other day, but it hadn’t been any other day. It hadn’t been for a long while.
Metatron smiled at her like she was a fledgling who was still too young to understand the world around her.
“Hush! I’m thinking!” Metatron waved to her but didn’t look at Hannah. “I wonder if Castiel remembers. I have to ask him the next time he comes here.”
That was when he saw them. About two or three hundred meters ahead of him stood the Rit Zein angel with his back to him, assumably facing Cas, who then slowly raised his hand towards the others head…
And with that Dean realized he should buy some presents too, because Christmas would be there soon and when was the last time he had a real Christmas in a real home with a family? Before his mom had died when he had been three. He made a mental note to start some preparations. It was December already. He had to buy a tree and get some decorations and make a lot of food and he should tell Jody too to come over… He shouldn’t be excited by the thought only, but he was. It would be great.
Kevin nodded and looked at the others. Sam was watching the ground too and maybe, just maybe, his eyes were shining more then before. And then there was Cas who openly watched Dean with so much adoration Kevin almost got sick. Damn those two… Things escalated in that one year.
Her eyes welled up in tears again. It seemed accepting the fact that she had human emotions opened up a carefully sealed gate inside her.
They descended on the steps, allowing the darkness to swallow them. Castiel made every move as careful as possible. Without his eyes, he only could rely on his hearing and his hand touching the wall. He let Muriel walk ahead him, with her Grace the lack of light was nothing for her. Castiel followed her like a shadow.
And that was it. They didn’t have more friends. The other hunters hated them or didn’t want to have anything to do with the Winchesters. He couldn’t argue with them. They were like magnets. Wherever they went, shit happened.
When he was on the corridor, Castiel leaned against the wall and closed his eyes. Lachesis’ warning was still echoing in his head but he tried to lock it out with a mantra of ‘everything will be fine’.
They decided they wouldn’t open debates about these small things, but agreed that Charlie was probably right.
I really don't like John. Really really don't like him. And I hope the boys will have The Talk in the show too because they /need/ to talk. A lot.
He couldn’t read her face, it was like something carved out of marble. She didn’t say anything so he continued.
Theo looked around, clearly worried that someone could hear him, then turned back to Castiel, eyes rounded.
My heart skips a beat. Sam didn’t give up on me yet. He’s still looking for a way to cure me. He, just like Cas, still believes that I can still be saved.
The garage door opened with a squeak and the Impala rolled in. It soon parked down at its place and Dean and Cas got out.
“Hey!” Charlie sat down next to him on the rug in the corner of the library. “Let’s dress up as superheroes! You’ll be Batman and I’ll be Wonder Woman. Cas can be the Martian Manhunter.”
For a moment I considered bringing up the Sariel thing. That demon used to be an angel too. Why wasn’t the name on the list then? But I didn’t voice my question. Maybe an other time. Now I needed some blood to fight down the struggle in me and finally have some peace.
No. Those thoughts were like Lucifers. And Lucifer had been banished from Heaven. She shouldn’t share thoughts with an outcast.
“I see” the angel nodded and reached up to touch Sam’s forehead. The headache was gone too. “Who would want the key?”
I stand up before I can change my mind and zap back to the cabin. Everything is how I left it. Gavin is still watching cartoons, Dora the Explorer from all. He stares at it, mesmerized by the colorful animation and the annoying voices and noises.
Also, no chapters next week. I'm five chapters ahead but I don't want to catch up to myself so I decided to take a short break. See you on October 20th :)
“I almost opened the Cage because I thought Lucifer would help Dean.” Sam snorted. “What a stupid idea, right?”
The angel ran a hand down his face. No. Dean should never find out. Castiel wouldn’t be able to live with the thought that Dean once again blamed himself for something he hadn’t committed intentionally. He was glad about Hannah’s actions. Dean still sent him a questioning look, but it could have been worse. He should thank her later.
Sometimes Sam wondered if he was good at all. He was Lucifer’s true vessel, the yellow eyed demon had fed him with demon blood, he had later started to drink it because he had thought it was for the greater good. When it, in reality, was not.
One their twenty-first day of researching they had finally found a spell in an old dusty wooden box accompanied by some feral ghost. Which had been taken care of by Eileen and what a damn sight that had been to witness. Dean had been sure Sam had been that close to propose to her right then and there. Once the spell had been in their hands gathering the ingredients had been tricky but they’d managed.
Castiel ended the call and put away his phone. When he looked up, Dean was watching him, eyes shining with happiness and gratitude.
“No, Dean, we have to talk about it. We stayed silent for far too long. We’re going to talk and I don’t care if it’s chick-flick.”
“No. If it was Home Alone then the demons would use tricks on us. It would be more like… The A-team. Or MacGyver.”
“I’m concerned about her safety” Cas answered simply. “Lachesis said she would have a long life but regarding our history with destiny and what had happened to those we met on the way, I’m worried about her wellbeing.”
But he couldn’t recall hir name… Not even the gender ze had indentified with like almost all of their siblings.
I shake myself mentally and the haze I didn’t notice lifts from my eyes. What the hell? I thought Asmodeus has no effect on me… Then what the hell was that supposed to mean? Did I really consider turning my back to Crowley? He’s not the best ally I can ask for, but at least I know him. I only met Asmodeus a few minutes ago and already thought about joining her. Where did this come from?
“Yeah.” Dean was silent for a moment. He glanced at Sam then quickly looked away. “Do you… Do you remember what you said after we left?”
“You heard me.” The nurse frowned at him. “We want to stabilize your sugar level. Alcohol and smoke would just ruin it.”
That came out harsher than she meant. She flexed her jaw and watched Benjamin’s reaction. The angel looked shocked at first but when it passed he shook his head and looked… disappointed?
Sam slowly closed his fingers around the cold metal that almost burnt his skin. The choice was his. But what should he do? Death hadn’t agreed with him but then why had he given him his ring? Nothing made sense and he found himself confused and uncertain.
She had met Muriel outside Denver, having a quick conversation about Castiel’s intentions but neither of them could come up with an explanation. All Heaven knew about Castiel’s ties to the Winchesters, maybe they had set a trap for them? But getting closer to the diner, they hadn’t seen anything out of ordinary. No suspicious human was around so they decided to enter the building.
“Abel was meant to be Lucifer’s vessel.” Mammon raises his voice so I could hear him. “He was always following him, whispering promises to Abel’s ear. And Abel listened to him. He got his soul but he never possessed him. He gave the Mark to Cain instead, making him the first killer. And you know why? Cain was Michael’s vessel. Their battle was supposed to happen around that time, but Lucifer tainted Cain. He made him a Knight of Hell, and you know why?” Mammon increases the pressure on my head. “Because he wanted to mock God’s work. He wanted to show him no matter how pure a soul is, everyone can be corrupted. Even Michael’s vessel can turn into a killer. And now look at you.” A wicked smile appears on his face. “Michael’s true vessel, the Righteous Man, the second owner of the Mark made by Lucifer. The biggest failure of God’s creation.”
“And why isn’t he here instead of you? Don’t get me wrong, I’m glad to see you alive and everything, but why am I not talking to the big guy if he wants to talk with me?”
Sam looked around and waited, rocking on his heels. He didn’t have any spells to summon Death and he had no time to find a fulgurite. And honestly, he didn’t want to anger Death when he was the only one who could help him in this.
“Now that you seem to be over your little crisis, we can talk about business” Crowley says behind me. I see him in the mirror leaning back in his chair, looking at me with that smile I always wanted to punch off his face. “I want you to scare Abaddon’s followers. Kill a few, show the rest what their disobedience will lead to.”
But for that I have to kill Gavin because if Sam and Cas send him back, Kevin stays dead. And Bobby stays dead too.
Truth to be told, it was on the tip of his tongue but once he was about to say it out loud it was gone in a whirl of nothingness. Naomi had told him once that she had altered his mind countless times. What if this, a simple name, was one of the many things she had erased.
so hard it almost knocked him out? He was a human and he had only gotten an aching shoulder. Or… Was he really a
“I don’t remember that timeline just like the one you three came from” Hannah added. “And neither our other siblings do.”
. Hannah didn’t know what that word meant. She had heard the man using it many times, mainly referring to the Winchesters and Castiel. It sounded like ‘idiot’ but the way he used it didn’t indicate he considered them simpletons. The human way of thinking was a mystery to her too. They sometimes used insults in a non offensive way.
This immediately swept away her rancor. Hannah felt cold spreading out in her vessel and her brain becoming numb.
Sam, Charlie and Dorothy left a few minutes after Dean woke up the next morning. He rubbed his eyes, said good luck with a yawn he could barely held back and went to the kitchen to drink some tea. He really missed coffee but he couldn’t drink any until the end of January and it was killing him.
you get back, stop running into your doom without thinking and forget what your father had beaten into you.” He regretted his choice of words the moment he felt Dean tensing. This confirmed Bobby’s suspicion but he didn’t say anything, just tightened his hug, showing Dean how sorry he was for not doing anything about it in the past. “Always listen to reason, think about everything a hundred times before you decide anything because there might be an other way. Talk to somebody, don’t bottle up anything. There are many people who care about you with Sam and Cas on the lead. Pick one and talk. Don’t be afraid of your feelings. Admitting that you’re sad, scared, hurt or weak makes you stronger. Nobody would belittle you, you already proved many times what a great man you are.” Bobby was silent for a while then added “And for God’s sake, do all of us a favor and talk with Cas. You were hiding in that closet for far too long. You both deserve happiness.”
“An other angel called Metatron used my Grace for a spell that closed the Gates of Heaven and the angels fell. He caused a lot of trouble and pain ever since.”
Dean/Tessa is my broship. They could be a kickass team. But guess what? She's dead too. Not gonna happen here.
“Closed?” Charlie asked the guard who stood in their way at the entrance. “But me and my cousin had an appointment for today.”
