"It was five on one," Christina says, sounding angry.  "And they're alive, so fuck off.  More than I can say would happen if five fuckers went after me."
"As Joseph told you, between what's in our accounts and what we salvaged so far from the military outposts, we have more than enough for our purposes. What do you have in mind?"
"I'm hearing a 'but'," Njoya remarked, one arm wrapped protectively around Jessica's shoulders and Ayuk, her and Eyong's second youngest, asleep in her lap.
Locking the door, Dean debates only for a moment before pointing to the broken down sofa and grabbing a chair for himself.  Seating herself in the middle--smart move, the left and right sides both act like goddamn quicksand--she looks at him, expression smoothly, brightly curious, baseline Alicia; until now, he didn't realize that was something she actually practiced to get right, enough to put on at a moment's notice.  She's not doing it so well today, though; the scarred hands are locked together in her lap like they might run away if she doesn't keep a tight grip.  Or maybe she'd like to be flipping a knife.
, holding my bride-gift, and all I could think is he would be disappointed when he compared me to my women, all of whom were far prettier than I."  She rolls her eyes at her younger self.  "And then he looked right at me and smiled, and said my name--it was so strange," she says softly. "It was as if he saw no one else. Senator, praetor, general, and consul, and he tripped over the rug on his way to me and almost dropped his bride-gift."  Cornelia lowers her head, but Dean can see the blush.  "All marriages take work, of course, but Gracchus--it was as if I'd known him all my life, instead of merely well over half through our letters.  I loved him the twenty years of our marriage, and I love him no less in death."
With a muffled curse, Alicia jumps to her feet as the woman begins to sway.  As quickly and easily as another person crosses open ground, Alicia navigates the crowd, reaching the woman and steadying her just before her knees begin to buckle.
"And you didn't wait because...."
After Ana leaves (with a bottle in her hand and a smile on her face), Dean gets up and moves the chair back to the window before sitting down.  It's a depressing view, but it's not like he's here for that; he's trying to work out why, a few months after Cas broke his foot, there's a chart showing that Vera removed a bullet dangerously close to Cas's spine (without anesthesia, just a local, holy fucking
"Not their fault."  Alicia shifts her weight uncomfortably, frowning up at the ceiling at the sound of another thump, before sighing, waving at Matt. "Go ahead."
"That's an excellent plan," he answers thoughtfully.  "I wish I'd thought of that.  In my defense, it probably wouldn't have been allowed, but--"
"No."  Dean glares at him as he gets to his feet, not at all relieved to see Cas is relaxed again.  "I'll keep you informed if that changes."
"Got it," she says coolly--yeah, he's still on her shitlist--and getting to her feet, strides to the door before Kamal can even get up.  He quickly turns his attention to Joe.
"What about it?" he replies absently, resigned when biology continues to be very inconvenient indeed.  And his next scheduled shower isn't until tomorrow night; perhaps he could borrow someone else's shower.  It bears investigation.
"Magic has grammar."  Alicia enthusiastically writes that down before looking attentively at Teresa.  "Weird yet logical grammar.  I love grammar."
Dean stares at his clenched hand, listening to Cas go through their bag and the pad of his feet on the floor as he returns.  The bed dips, and Cas settles cross-legged beside him, reaching for his hand again and spreading it on his knees.  He remembers what Cas said last night; it's not just his job but a privilege.  This is something Cas
He nods jerkily.  "I went to--I was required to attend them all.  I
"Phlegethon," he breathes, startled. He was Styx's lover and killed her with his flames.  His pain and grief and loss threatened to consume the Underworld, so it was confined within the banks of the river that also bore his name.  They were reunited when Hades allowed Styx's river to flow through and mingle with his, but it came with a price, or maybe Hades' idea of a joke.  As long as they flow together, she consumed him as he did her, and he'd destroy her again if they mingled for too long.  At the very last moment, he had to veer away, and into Tartarus itself he emptied his horror and rage.  "
"Obviously I couldn't kill him to get it, so I had to try something slightly less impossible," he answers reasonably.  "Research confirmed that the available options were either ridiculous, beyond the capabilities of any but a god with an inexplicable desire to die in the most unusual and protracted manner possible, or in one case, an unorthodox second century proto-environmentalist who had no expectation of surviving very long but who wanted to bring fertility to the Sahara desert."
"How much or little everyone is using at any given time," Alison says confidently but he doesn't miss her watching Tony and trying not to look relieved when he nods.  "Because--it...the amount has to stay stable and not--jump up and down or something?"
.  Perhaps I should ask: why do I need to learn this which makes no sense?"
"Down the street somewhere," Joe answers.  "At least until Nicole finishes rehooking whatever needs hooking in the one downstairs off the gym.  Alonzo is going to work on the kitchen when he goes off duty at noon, no idea why, but I assume he knows.  Kind of like having interns, now that I think about it, but they're actually useful."
Crowley's expression sours further. "I can already see this will be lovely.  Don't fancy you as my only company, either, but I suppose that's still better than none at all."
"We have time to get in the gate," Andy says immediately, brown eyes traveling around the circle and licking his lips nervously as Dean gives a quick shake of his head.  Alicia's eyes narrow as they dart from him to the gate speculatively.
For some reason, he's getting the feeling Cas isn't feeling this plan.  "Dean, have you considered--"
The tightness around his slowly thrusting fingers abruptly gives, so quickly they slide halfway inside. Lifting his head, he meets Dean's eyes, noting the tell-tale concentration beneath the glaze, thighs starting to tremble.
"That's unnecessary," he answers, but Alicia's raised eyebrows indicate dissatisfaction with that answer.  "Nothing."
"They knew I was co-leader of patrol and helped with the wards, but no one was more specific.  They'd only been here for a few weeks, and I doubt they even guessed I was a witch, much less my title and calling.  Or that it meant anything, for that matter."
"That would explain the faint aroma of motor oil," she says, nodding.  "And the contents of his laundry basket. Oh, he told me to tell you that he's available, so if you need him, he's doing laundry for basically everyone.  Including yours and Dean's, and he told me to tell you he hopes that's okay, but he got word Alison's ordering water rationing across the board and it may be our last chance for clean clothes."
"You haven't told him."  Drained of animation, Cornelia's face shows her age again.  "Let me accompany you to do so."
"What...." He fixes his eyes on Dean, glassy with terror. "Who are you?"
He can imagine.  "Did he tell you why the Host left?"
"Sorry," Dean says, sounding so sincerely contrite that Castiel sets the folder aside, turning his attention back to Dean.  "It's--never mind.  Look--"
Vera wakes briefly to growl a warning (in Hindi) before going back to sleep.  Alison raises an eyebrow.  "Guess carrying a god around makes you sensitive."
joints could use such assistance."
"And in case you're still not sure, how much do you want to be a very useful item of clothing for a very inspired demon?" She winces.  "This also gives a measure of safety to whoever works on this; Teresa's bond with you will protect her mind, I can't be read and because of that, neither can Dean.  It's everyone else's mind who will be a problem.  In this much, we're fortunate this can't be implemented immediately, since I'm as unsure as you are about the ethics of removing memories in a case like this, with or without permission."
"I'd like to go to the fire tonight," she says in a rush, and Dean slams the door shut, turning around.  That is the
So maybe dinner counts as the new 'next morning'.  "Luke."
Electricity went out last night, my apologies.
"Who'd you interview with and why?" Dean demands.
Pressing his cheek against Cas's chest, he closes his eyes when Cas's fingers tentatively thread through his hair and goes boneless when he slowly starts to stroke.  Throwing a limp arm over Cas's waist, he tucks his knee more firmly between Cas's before burrowing his hand under the sweatshirt and thermal to rest against the small of Cas' (warm) back and lets out a breath, content.  He could get used to this, and by that he means, he already is.
in Chitaqua, come on!  Women fall all over themselves to get in your bed.  Why the hell else would you be here if you weren't fucking her?  I doubt it's altruistic, come the hell on.  Micah would be thrown out before we could explain and he needed protection."
"No, of course not," she interrupts before folding half a piece of toast onto her fork and stuffing the entirety into her mouth.  Unblinking, Castiel watches her engage in several seconds of enthusiastic chewing (no sign of choking to death) before successfully swallowing (how did she do that?).  "Give me something to do."
Bewilderment, Castiel thinks: that's another word I didn't know before I met you. At least, not this often.
Interesting.  "How'd you even guess about Alison?"
"More like broke them."  Dean scans the room a little frantically; he's not ready to deal with Castiel's social life right now.  "What happened?"
"Who would top.  I like to win." Dean bursts out laughing.  "It shouldn't have surprised me as much as it did: everything I retained was random and either so specialized it was of limited practical use or utterly useless even as a clever party trick.  And sometimes caused migraines."
"I didn't, but Bobby supervised the repairs on my cabin, as well as Dean's and several of the others, which noticeably, have never had problems with their running water or roofs."  Cas's gaze flickers to Dean and away, but it's enough to catch a glimpse of--something.  "Now that I think about it, this would be an excellent use of everyone's time."
"No," she whispers, and even though he was ready for it, it hits him like a blow.  Looking around, Dean realizes there's no furniture and quickly adds a couch before reaching for her arm, leading her over.  Sitting down, she drops her head into her hands.  "That's the problem with nothing written; you have to write it all yourself.  There's no way to know if you're doing it right or even if you do, if it'll work."
"Yes,
He doesn't need to see the rest, but he can't look away: Cornelia Africana closes Claudia's eyes and Sempronia Graccha smooths back the dull, grey-shot black hair with an unsteady hand before turning to the comfort of her mother's arms.  On the bedside table lies Charon's coin, rejected, and the pain of grief is augmented by the knowledge of the horror of what they send her to.
He's had some honest to God shittily considered hookups, and every goddamn one of them started with way too much fucking alcohol and some general personal misery, so at least it'd be consistent.  That they didn't involve guys isn't particularly relevant, because they also didn't involve alcohol that probably
"Again," he interrupts frantically, "not that. Anything else I should know about her and Micah and the other two?"
"That's the excuse I told him to use, since he didn't want to tell them outright that he'd noticed they want to tell him something and my presence was inhibiting them."
Carol looks like shit; the harsh overhead lights throw the strain on her face into prominent relief, skin stretched tight, lips thin and bloodless, and he finds himself avoiding looking directly at her leg even if it's under the blankets.  The sound of the monitors is almost painfully loud, and inevitably, he finds himself staring at the IV bag that's doing its damndest to save her from herself.  Her expression darkens, eyes going to the doorway where Dolores is standing.
“Yeah,” he confirmed, grimacing. “‘Cause that’s always worked out so well for us in the past.”
The bitch face he got in return was one Sam would have been proud of. The effect was somewhat lessened though as alarm briefly overtook it before disappearing into more blinding light.
The distress in Cas’s eyes disappeared, his face closing off in a way that Dean hadn’t seen for
For the second time in less than five minutes, Cas looks genuinely taken aback.
. He’d been at thousands of these places and eaten burgers with his brother, but sitting next to Cas and stealing his food and just talking -- it had felt miles different, comfortable and awesome and terrifyingly easy. So yeah, on some level, he wasn’t really surprised that it made his greatest hits. Reliving it while standing next to Cas, though; that was what was making his stomach churn.
“As I was saying,” Sam said with a perfunctory eye-roll. “I remembered something you said, Cas, years ago. When we first met Balthazar, and he’d talked that kid into selling his soul for part of the Staff of Moses.”
Dean wasn’t entirely sure what that meant, but he could guess. Freaking Naomi. He looked at Sam and almost immediately regretted it. His brother was looking from him to Cas, smile sympathetic and eyes way too knowing for Dean’s comfort. “So?” he asked, hoping to get Sam back on the subject of the spell. “What’s it involve, then?”
you enough, regardless." The word is spat out, as though it's the most vile of curses Lucifer can think of. "Even now, he's screaming for you, terrified of what I'll do to you. And yet, he can't be anything but glad to see you." There's none of the amused, derisive slant to his expression now, only rage and disgust. "And they call me the abomination."
Cas has been Grace-less for two months now, but the look he gives Dean is so full of holy righteousness that it’s as if they’ve been transported back to the apocalypse. When he opens his mouth, Dean half expects him to start talking about seals. Instead, what comes out is, “You’re being a
." All traces of humor evaporate. "Frankly, I'm
The thing is, there’s a reason for the whole post-near-death experience love confession cliché. Guy loves girl, guy can’t tell her how he feels, girl almost dies, guy’s so relieved that they’re both alive that he can’t do anything but kiss her.
Since taking on the Mark, Dean’s patience had been even shorter than usual, and dealing with pretentious winged dicks had him at the last thread of it. He grit his teeth, clenching his fist, and felt a flash of longing for the solid power of the First Blade in his palm. He was aching to put his fist through the asshole’s teeth, but he settled for a pained grimace as he waved at Ramiel to continue.
Dean met his eyes and nodded, then grasped, holding on to the patient blue like a lifeline as the world went white in a searing, unbearable flash.
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Cas turn sharply to stare at him. “This
Cas’s smile was wry and fond. “No,” he said, though there was no regret coloring his tone, “I suppose not.”
“Dean.”
“What the hell is that supposed to be?” Dean asks, somehow both repulsed and intrigued by the thing’s squashed face.
They were only paces away from the bunker door when it swung open. Sam had that bright-eyed, slightly crazed look of someone who hadn’t really slept in days and his hair was reaching frankly appalling levels of gravity defiance.
“Uh, yeah,” Dean says, something slow and purposefully patient about his tone, and it’s really not fair that
“Its hold on the soul is inexorable.” Ramiel continued as though he’d never been interrupted, though his eyes had narrowed a bit more. It was always strangely satisfying, drawing out such human responses of disdain from angels. “Which is why, as I am sure you know, should the bearer die, the soul is tied to the body, made twisted and dark.”
Sam made the ten hour drive back to the bunker in a little over eight, shoulders hunched and eyes hard, silent but for the occasional sharp exhale of breath. The moment they made it back, he took it as his personal mission to find a cure, ASAP.
But every time he looks over to see if Dean’s struggling with even a fraction of the same things, it’s… he’s blank. Exhaustion is written on every line of his face, perhaps more starkly than Sam’s ever seen before, but that’s it. There’s no visible grief making his breaths uneven, no anger narrowing his eyes, no determination in the way his hands are gripping the wheel, no contentment or peace anywhere to be found. The silence isn’t even weighty, just never-ending, and Sam finds he can’t even open his mouth to see what words would fall out.
Dean followed a beat later, definitely relieved to be putting this place behind them. “Whoa, wait,” he said as he fell into place next to Cas. “As in the pearly gates? Is that an actual thing?”
It’s starting to dawn on him that he seriously screwed something up. That, in itself, is a pretty familiar feeling. What’s less familiar is the fact that this time, he has no fucking clue what it was he did. Cas tugs on his sleeve a little bit, but Dean only holds on tighter. “Seriously, Cas, what just happened? And don’t say ‘nothing.’”
Gone is the comfortable quiet, and in its place is something awful, tense and panicky. “Go?” Sam asks, at the same time that Dean stands and says, louder, “What?”
Dean paused. “Kind of hungry?” he said automatically. What about him? It took a second to realize, but he felt…
Instead, he focuses on Sam, chews him out for being so stupid as to have jumped headfirst into things, to have trusted Rowena,
. Jack, who was supposed to bring about the Earth’s ruin, and instead fell in love with it and chooses to protect it with every turn he takes. It just breaks his heart that he has to. Jack’s their kid, but he never got a chance to just
“There may be some precedence to that,” Cas murmured, not looking up from the file’s contents. “There are some stories about Kabaiel. She was stationed on earth, in Uruk, when she supposedly fell in love with a demon. Many say that she gave him her Grace so that they’d both be able to live a mortal life together.”
Sam shifted a bit, his smile fading. “We’d need Grace. Which is why it was scrapped, I guess, since there weren’t any angels running around then.” His eyes panned over to Cas. “Would it work?” he asked, voice softer than it’d been.
“Google,” Dean repeats, the slightest bit amused despite himself. “Seriously?” When he’d seen Cas frantically typing on his phone, he’d been picturing more of a life-or-death, ‘I just had an idea about what that guy said about the faith healer,’ ‘this may be a lead,’ type thing, but no, Cas had been asking Google about birthday presents for a teenage girl. Okay.
Dean scoffs, dropping the bloody machete to the barn floor. He’s probably a little too rough when he grabs Cas’s shoulder with one hand and uses the other to force his chin to the side, but Cas goes easily, only giving a small, long-suffering sigh as he bares his throat. Despite how angry he is at Cas making such a dumbass move, Dean makes sure to be gentler when he actually examines the bite. It’s hard to see the wound through the mess of blood and pieces of Cas’s torn shirt, but it’s enough to tell that, yes, Cas is right, he’ll be fine. “Yeah, you’ll live,” Dean says, releasing him and taking a small step back to a slightly safer distance. “This time, at least.”
“Right, yeah.” Dean’s hand fell away, back to dangling awkwardly at his side. They were here for a reason. Ramiel. “So what, we follow this Moon Axis again?”
knew, but it turns out I was wrong.”
. He could see their souls, which meant --
“I swear, if you say you’re fine one more time, I’ll hit you. Don’t think I won’t.”
, Dean?”
But Cas just shook his head. “Almost all of the angels have returned home. Hannah and I worked for several weeks to round up most of the remaining ones.”
“Well,” Cas said flatly. “It’s you, Dean, and I can’t.”
“Indeed.” It was kind of creepy, how serene and stoic the dude’s expression was.
Their last conversation hung in the air, but among the awkwardness and hesitancy there was also undeniable warmth and comfort. Dean decided, screw it. He pushed himself off the bed with only a slight wince at the pull on his arm and strode over to where Cas was. He felt Cas suck in a surprised breath as Dean moved into his space, but neither of them said anything else before Dean closed the distance and finally, finally kissed him.
Laughter probably wasn’t what Cas was going for, but hearing what can only be called a line come from his mouth was just too damn much. Luckily, he doesn’t look offended in the least, but fond as he watches Dean fight to get his giggles under control.
Cas’s hands have moved to Dean’s hips, pressing him even more insistently into the counter. He would complain about the way the edge of it is digging into his lower back, but then Cas’s leg shifts, pressing their hips flush against one another and holy shit, he’s not complaining about anything digging anywhere, nope, he’s totally good. “Fuck,” he manages, breath coming fast when he drops his head against Cas’s shoulder.
“Cas, hey.” Dean had a hand on Cas’s back before he could give it a second thought, rubbing between his shoulders like he’d done so many times for Sam. A second later his brain caught up with his body and he felt his whole body freeze. He was already on edge from the location and the previous conversation, and the sudden proximity wasn’t helping to clear his head any. Despite this, he deliberately kept his hand where it was, swallowing his cowardice out of concern. “You okay?”
An echo of the same smile Cas had given him just before doing the spell appeared on his face once more. “Hello, Dean.”
“A few of the Men of Letters apparently thought that the key to curing a demon was with angelic Grace,” Sam continued, leaning forward in his chair, eyes alight. “They said that since a demon is just a human soul that’s been twisted by the claim on it from Hell that counteracting that claim with something so heavenly and pure would essentially cure it.”
“Yeah,” he said, rolling his eyes, “that.”
Sure enough, Dean almost jumps, eyes darting to Sam and then to Jack and then back at Sam for another beat, and the flush strengthens. But stronger is the set of his jaw, and even if Sam’s still a little lost, he knows that look on his brother’s face. “So. It’s… you could stay. If you wanted.”
“Dude,” was all Dean can think to say, brain too tired to come up with some smart-ass jibe.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” He can’t tell whether he was more uncomfortable by the insinuation or the nagging feeling that Claire might be more right than he’d like to admit.
Cas takes it, and both of them do their staring thing again, neither letting go of the other’s hand. Sam feels like he’s on the precipice of something, like all he needs is a little push –
The sigh he received in reply was heavy, and the frown following it even more so with all the things left unsaid. “Look, Dean, I mean, yeah, it sounds like a stretch. But it’s really our only option at this point.”
Dean sighs again and flips the switch on the machine. “Look, can I just get my caffeine fix before we do this?”
“Huh. I guess that would explain why it’s been a while since we’ve seen a member of the God Squad,” Dean said with a shrug. Good riddance. It certainly made things easier, having one less dick species on their tails. He hadn’t missed the way Cas had stumbled over the pronoun, either, though that was definitely a matter for another time. “Great. So going up there is the only way to talk to this guy. Can I even get into Heaven?”
. Either way, the question is out of his mouth before he can think better of it. “And you? What about your happy ending?”
“This is your idea of ‘something’?”
And what the hell can he say to that? He settles for an, “Okay,” torn between exasperation and affection. “Okay.”
-- said, its voice completely unlike the usual gravel-rough one Dean was used to, but somehow familiar at the same time. It was like looking at the sun from underwater, the light wavering and refracting, twisting into shapes completely unrecognizable. Dean could just make out a figure that looked like a bird in the vaguest sense of the word, and caught glimpse of something that reminded him of lightning, and then the sound of metal clashing, the flutter of wings, the unbearable heat of a fire… His eyes were burning, but he couldn’t look away, rooted to the spot as the pillar of light flashed a few more times, then turned back into Cas.
Cas grumbled something uncharitable under his breath, but turned over and curled up against the window without any further complaints. Unsurprisingly, he fell asleep in under a minute, a tiny patch of fog appearing on the window with every deep, even breath.
, more desperate than Sam’s seen him in a long, long time.
He didn’t say anything about time running out, about his own Grace burning out, about the possibility of losing Dean to another fit of violence spurred by the Mark, but he didn’t need to. The meaning was plain, and for all that Dean still had a mountain of misgivings about this spell, the ‘circumstances’ were also impossible to ignore. He glanced from Cas to Sam and back again, and the seriousness and acceptance on both of their faces seeped in. “Okay,” he said roughly, hating how helplessly the word fell from his mouth. “If you both think….” He sighed. “Screw it, I’m in.”
actually a good influence on
. In the past decade, more and more often, they’ve been when Cas left, willingly or otherwise. This time is going to be awful, and maybe it’s cowardly, but for a moment, he wishes he could step outside, delay the inevitable.
“So this was a waste of a trip, that’s what you’re saying?” He’d been trying his hardest to stay calm; the last thing they could afford was for him to go off in a fit of rage, Mark-fuelled or otherwise, but that was turning out to be easier said than done. They’d wasted their time and, more importantly, wasted Cas’s ever-dwindling time and Grace, for nothing.
“Uh, yeah, that’s great,” Dean said, barely stopping himself from rolling his eyes. Frigging fascinating. “But what does this have to do with the Mark?”
he still doesn’t get it after all this time. “I need
“Have you ever tried to perform a spell, only to find that one of the runes was written incorrectly? Or perhaps have had to destroy a sigil to break warding?” He said it so calmly, as though he hadn’t just dropped a major bomb only to change subjects, and Dean had just about had enough of the lofty academic shit.
So now Sam’s left with… whatever is going on here. Some of his bewilderment must show on his face, because Dean tears his gaze away from Cas to look at Sam, and whatever he sees there makes him grin, glee replacing the almost shy look there. “See, and Sammy still has no goddamn idea what just happened, does he?”
And what could he possibly say in response to that? The silence reigned for several long moments, the air almost thick with some electric tension. It went on for just a beat too long to warrant a response, so Dean just let his jaw click shut, gripped the wheel until his knuckles turned white, and reached for the radio.
“Ah, yes.” Ramiel’s smile slipped some. “Well, that may be a bit more difficult. Soul magic is dangerous, and mostly hypothetical. I am afraid I cannot offer more on that.”
Cas looked up then, catching and holding Dean’s gaze for a moment before breaking it with a frustrated exhale. “I don’t know,” he said. “I had duties elsewhere and my memories of that time are… unreliable.”
Dean, naturally, doesn’t agree.
Dean let out a short puff of a laugh. “Yeah, yeah, laugh it up, fuzzball.”
“Yes?” Cas asks idly, and fuck, he’s already reaching for the door handle. Whatever hopes Dean had that he’d somehow taken a wrong turn are rapidly disappearing.
. It does, and it’s not what Sam wants at all. But this is a new beginning for all of them, and it’s not just Dean who needs to learn to let go.
“Just. Remember what I said about looking out for him?” Or, almost over, at least.
Dean just sat and looked for a minute. It was the first time he’d really got the chance to look Cas over since this all began. His skin was wan and waxy, dark circles smudged like bruises under eyes that were surrounded by far more lines than Dean remembered. Damnit. He swallowed hard, trying to ignore the hollow knot that lurked beneath his breastbone, and then tore his eyes away. The moment he pulled onto the road, he grabbed his cell and hit speed dial.
Dean opened it, leafing through the first few pages. “Any chance I could get the cliff notes?” he asked, grimacing. He was too tired for the English in the file, much less the shorthand, Latin, and Enochian notes scattered throughout.
, or some glib remark about finding it in the bottom of one of the bottles of whiskey around here, or even something too honest about not thinking there’s one in the cards for him.
“Neither did you, until you thought it was the end,” Dean says, and despite the audible frustration and hurt, there’s no venom in it. “Anyway, it’s not like I didn’t
“You’ve been angry with me for
Judging by Claire’s fidgeting, she was pretty much in the same boat. “So I guess. If he’s done being ‘shaken up’ or whatever and wants to know, you can tell him that I’m fine. Alex is kickass. Jody thinks
It feels strange, being so pressed up against Cas’s mouth when he grins, but Dean wouldn’t trade the feeling for anything in the world. “I was annoyed at you and wanted something sweet. It seemed the best course of action.”
“Fuck,” he says, and then resigns himself to the inevitable fate of tagging along. “Okay, come on.” He parks the Impala and wrenches the door open, trying to ignore the delighted surprise he sees cross Cas’s face.
.” He grabs the machete from Dean’s hand and strides out of the barn without another backwards glance.
“And I thank you,” Cas said, though his tone was less grateful and more challenging. “But, forgive me, you haven’t given us much.”
Cas shuts the book in front of him and looks up to give Dean a tight smile. “I wasn’t angry about earlier, Dean,” he says, then swings his knees out from under the table and gets to his feet. “I’m well aware that you don’t always express your concern in the most effective ways.” He grabs his mug and starts walking towards the sink. “But I appreciate the apology. Now if you’ll excuse me, I’m going t--”
"I've walked among galaxies. I've looked upon the face of true beauty. Even now, I have more power in my little toe than your entire species has ever had, combined." His smile has sharpened, turned into more of a smirk with every word. Something on Dean's face must be obvious, for whoever it is -- because it's sure as
He turned, hoping he didn’t look nearly as exposed and embarrassed as he felt, and opened his mouth, a half-assed joke and an apology on the tip of his tongue. Cas was completely frozen but for how his eyes were darting from one table to the next. It stung a little, seeing the obvious discomfort and alarm in his friend’s eyes, and the words died in his mouth. Dean floundered for a long, painful moment -- and then he noticed it. The other occupants of the room were still chattering and eating, stuck in the memory’s time loop. But they were all crisp and clean, none of the details muddled or ambiguous, even those Dean couldn’t recall noticing before. And there was something… He peered closer at the couple nearest to where he was standing, and once it clicked, his jaw dropped. What he was seeing, the flickering lights everywhere at the edges of his vision: they were
Cas’s shoulders slump, and he looks down at the table once more. There’s something awful on his face, something broken and so human that it hurts to look at for more than a moment, and Sam tears his gaze away. “I didn’t have to.”
But Cas doesn’t answer, only frowns harder at the screen as his fingers tap harder.
. You cut me off, and told me you already knew.”
“Just making sure we know our options,” said Sam, eyeing Young Dean, then casting a glance at his older brother. Young Dean settled down testily into the couch again, closing his eyes.
“I’m going to regret owning to that so early in the game,” said Dean, smiling a little more in return. The crinkles at the corners of his eyes just began to show. “I’m showing my whole damn hand.”
“This?” taunted Young Dean, wriggling in his place half-under Cas’ body.
“He has a point,” said Castiel.
Young Dean knew this wasn’t a normal conversation to have. Other people didn’t talk like this. He turned his head towards Past-Cas’ palm to press a kiss to the soft pad below his thumb. Past-Cas was so weird, so intense, and that was why he was the only one for Dean. He swallowed hard. The love of a holy being felt a lot like salvation. Or maybe this was just how love was supposed to feel. “Glad we agree,” said Young Dean.
“It lines up with when Jack picked up on him. He was there for a minute or two. He kept the monster from attacking another kid, a living one. Then, I guess, he vanished again.”
” by The Jam - my friends,
“Book just begs to be stolen, I guess,” said Dean.
“Because I won’t let you go to Hell again,” said Cas.
a guilty pleasure, per se, except that it was a pleasure and he was guilty about it, but also, no. No one could say Lucy Lawless didn’t have an overwhelmingly sexy, brawny appeal.
“Cas,” he said weakly. His heart seized, then, at the sight of Zachariah right behind Past-Cas, blade ready. “Cas, look out!”
“He was curious about you,” said Cas. “About his future. But cautious. He doesn’t want to know too much. Even though I told him he won’t remember this time.”
They didn’t hear the story—likely for the best—but as they made their way back to the car managed to sort out the more productive task of planning their visit to Bernadette Higgins. At the cars, Holden handed over the ‘Compendium of the Angelic’ so that Cas, Dean, and Young Dean could look it over as they made their way back to Bisbee in the station wagon. Tempting as it was to show up on her doorstep that minute, they’d want to go in fully prepared. In the meantime, Holden would take Sam around Tucson to nerd out in a museum and find some good local grub.
“You’re leaving?” said Eli.
Sam nodded, pursed lips, but not about to fight it. Then: “Did you just call yourself Justin Bieber?”
“Maybe,” said Sam. “It’s fine. But I might make you carry the egg.”
“Cas, I’m getting cold just looking at you,” said Dean. “Would you put on some gloves at least?”
“So when Teen-Dean creates this world, he’s going back to ‘98, right?” Dean asked. “Here and there?”
“What’s with the family car? You don’t mind being seen in this thing?”
“In a couple of days,” Cas promised with another tired sigh. “You’ll be through the worst of it already, but I can speed the rest along for you.”
Dean nodded.
“I’m not hitting you back,” said Dean, clapping a hand on Young Dean’s shoulder and setting him on their path back down the trail. “It was an accident.”
“Pure-of-heart my ass,” said Young Dean, eyes barely leaving his other self. “Why did you even let them bother? You knew this wouldn’t work.”
“Nah,” said Dean.
Young Dean looked back down at the spinning record and said, “Cas came by. I think he was thinking he’d find you there.”
“This would make you happy?” Cas asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m here to help out,” said Dean. “Cas should be here any minute.”
But Dean had dragged Sam this far and owed him an explanation.
“Oh,” said Young Dean. Yesterday had been Thursday but today was Wednesday. Because life made no fucking sense. “So, what do you do on Friday night?”
“So, what is this situation?” Eileen asked, signing and pointing to Young Dean. In all the business of settling, they never considered the fact that Young Dean’s presence was completely unprecedented to Eileen. An uncanny double of Dean with a wildly diverging history and the result of numerous time-travelling adventures, but they’d become sort of used to him.
“I was thinking of burritos,” said Jack. Over the last little while, they’d come to understand unspoken cues, internal clocks; the meaning of a certain facial expression or the question in a routine gesture. They’d developed something of a hivemind when it came to mealtimes and cravings.
“God separated you?”
Sam made them stay in the car again when checking into the motel. He came back with two room keys, side-by-side, and no-nonsense room assignments too. He didn’t trust Dean and Young Dean not to murder one another in the night, so Young Dean would stay with Sam and Dean with Cas.
The smile Cas gives him now isn't quite that, a bit more relaxed and less intimate, and Dean is grateful for it. "Good," he says, and then strips out of his coat and reaches for his tie. It's something he's taken to doing more and more often, but Dean's still not used to it, still can't help the way his eyes are drawn to the skin of Cas's neck as it's bared. Cas never notices -- or if he does, he graciously doesn't acknowledge it -- but the way the corner of his smile quirks now makes Dean wonder if he's finally been caught out.
Dean takes a moment to verify the room remains comatose before turning his attention back to Cas.  "They'll keep their mouths shut," he says soothingly.  "So what else did you two talk about?"
"They made their first mistake before negotiations even began," Castiel says.  "The watchers?"
"And humanity?"
"Did I resurrect you as a zombie?" Cas interrupts, so transparently incredulous that Dean snaps back into the room with an almost physical jolt, like he sat down hard enough to jar him to his bones.  Which, he realizes abruptly, he probably did; he's sitting on the floor, right.  He doesn't remember how that happened.  "I--no," he seems to decide.  "I lacked the necessary components, such as knowledge, and unfortunately I still possessed sanity, such as it is.  Being subject to the constraints of reality was also a problem."
"Dean?" he hears Alison say, and feels those ripples pass him again before she's beside him.  "Dean, where are you going?"
"Why does this sound familiar?" Dean murmurs, shoulder pressing against his.
"I never hated you," she says, meeting Castiel's surprised eyes in the mirror, then looks away.  "Not until--not until you left."
"You're not," Dean repeats, sliding a hand under each calf and with a quick tug, pulls Castiel halfway down the bed, "a monster."
Climbing out, he reaches for a clean towel and starts to dry off, startled by sharp, unexpected soreness when he turns his head.  Frowning, he reaches up, fingertips finding the spot without effort; pressing gently, he catches his breath at the flare of pain and remembered heat. Crossing to the sink, Dean wipes the mirror clean of fog, staring at the blurred but unmistakable purpling hickey just above the curve of his shoulder, and higher, the purple-blue shape of Cas' teeth. Reaching up, he watches his fingers skim over the bruised skin, and the dull flicker of pain confirms it's not a hallucination.  Also (he checks), yeah, not a single goddamn sheep.
"You make it sound like a fate worse than death."
Immunity doesn't mean he can afford to be careless; stripping off his bloody clothes, he carefully seals them inside the bag and sets it in the massive granite sink, eyeing the frosted glass of the shower long enough to annoy himself before stepping inside.  The hot water almost makes up for it, but he does his work quickly, watching the bloody water swirl down the drain and keeping his mind carefully blank.
"Mowing," Naresh says thoughtfully, sitting back in his chair.  "Now that's an interesting thought.  We do have a great deal of grass."
"Yeah." Alicia's mouth trembles as she nods. "So--you know this part.  When Erica asked me to--help--I said yes."
Alicia nods. "How are you, weather, pictures, furniture, wallpaper, carpet, and coffee table books, though not necessarily in that order.  Mix it up, that's what I always say: predictability is not your friend."
"If me and Cas are going to Alpha," he starts, "we're gonna be gone for at least a few months at minimum, and while we'll technically be in regular contact, we're talking a week or two turnaround."  She nods.  "That means we need at least two people in command here who can keep things going; you and Joe are the best choice we have.  Yeah, it helps you're not on patrol, since Amanda's kids are gonna be coming in and I need all the teams we have working with them and keeping up our schedule."
"Yeah, crap, I forgot to grab the sheets from the laundry," Dean groans, dropping back on the stool.  "I'll ask Matt to run get 'em after we get you home."
"It's almost like making an unconditional deal could one day bite you in the ass," he answers, grinning at her over his shoulder. "Welcome to contract law, sweetheart: the only reason I didn't discipline you for stupidity was because I had to see this play out." Another thing that worked out even better than he thought: Vera didn't dissolve her deal with his lieutenants or with those she was protecting in the Pit.  Result: as Cas's apprentice, she's inviolable and therefore they can't punish her for the sins of those pledged to her, his idiot lieutenants can't touch any of
Castiel looks up him and solemnly intones, "We all kneel at the feet of our master in obedience to his will."
"I packed two bags," he says, kicking the fence rail idly.  "You put them in the jeep.  I also told you that, twice, and you were there when I told Mel.  I wonder how you missed that.  Couldn't be because you discovered Microsoft Access doesn't care if you threaten to smite it and so ignored
"If I hadn't been conscious, he wouldn't have needed to ward that room or lock the door."  It's odd; he doesn't remember it, and yet. "Bobby said--he said I never slept."
, if you require an example.  It started before you even qualified as sentient and fire still confused you.  You'd throw anything at it, including yourselves, yet not your food, not for millennia.  Why is that?"
She twists around, and the expressionless face regards him thoughtfully, but for a moment, he sees a flicker of humor,
"Cas, I've seen you keep fighting in the field while bleeding out from claw wounds an inch deep," she says.  "Dean said you passed out when he was getting you to the jeep.  Andy and Matt carried you in and said you were in and out--and in case this needs saying, not quietly--and you were out cold when your shoulder hit the bed. I can guess what hits your threshold, and this shouldn't even make the vague frown stage."
"Seems like a nice kid," Dean says casually.  "So his next birthday, should I get beer, or wait a couple more years for him to be able to legally drink it?"
Looking at the once-neat grounds, he wishes he could have met the priest assigned to this parish.  He would have been the one who authorized and encouraged this radical departure from the traditional duties of the Sisters of Mercy for this convent as well as possibly the construction of that school  Preparation, defense, education, gaining training and weapons for the women to fulfill their calling, and sending them into the world with his blessing and support.  A man with this kind of mind should have had the attention of the Host from the moment of his birth, the women here cared for and offered strength and support in their work.
Alicia meets Erica's eyes. "Where?"
Despite Castiel's efforts at validation--acquiring only fifty items in less than twelve hours on his first mission with his new team being an impressive achievement--James and his teammates (exception: Cynthia, who radiated hostility at all and sundry) seemed less than reassured when they left.
"Gaius Sempronius Gracchus," he answers in surprise.  "Why?"
"Pretty good parlor trick," Dean says breathlessly, and forgets to breathe altogether when Cas looks at him, blue eyes filled with wonder.  "River's too strong, can't stop it with a dam, so…."
"Any chance you'll get to the point of this little visit?" Alison asks, glaring at them both before jumping slightly, tossing an uncertain look at a serene Teresa.  "I mean, please tell us.  We truly want to know.  Please."
"We save them," he says slowly.  "But don't know why we do it if we're not interested in interacting with them."
"It's very late," Cas says abruptly, taking both their cups as he gets to his feet.  "Tomorrow will be your first day without constant watchers, though they'll still be checking on you several times a day.  I think you'll find even this limited return to your normal activities tiring."
"Where can we get some of those?" Not gods, they escaped Lucifer's purge, so far so good.  "Like, summon them, what?"
Castiel stares at him for a moment. "The creator of the circle also created the barrier?"
"It was an insult to us both," he continues, something very stupid taking control of his tongue.
goddess?  You don't say."
, after telling him that he didn't always have to take care of himself, that he'd protect him.  That he didn't have to be afraid everyone was after him, that he wasn't alone, because Dean had his back.  Sure, Dean will protect him from everyone, except the people he likes, of course; that's different.  Cas not telling the other Dean about the team leaders makes a lot of sense, come to think; Dean really liked them, too.
"Not surprising," Cas answer cryptically. "Amanda was taught by her parents from early childhood and was primary caretaker for her two younger siblings." Cas doesn't need to explain where those younger kids got their instruction; he was the one who taught Sam first, made sure he kept up his training right up until the day he left for Stanford.  "She also has the temperament to deal with those less skilled than she is and can adapt to their differing levels of ability.  Mark learned from another hunter when his family was killed in his late teens, and while not as skilled in instruction, he was malleable enough to be taught to do it competently."  Cas leans an elbow on the step behind him, frowning at nothing.  "Kamal and Alicia have the temperament, and Melanie and Joseph are also possibilities, as they are both patient as well as methodical. The rest--it's been a very long time since I did their initial and final evaluations for Dean.  However, we can't afford to remove anyone else from duty for the time it would take to train them."  Cas looks down, as if for his Notebook of Everything (now five volumes and counting) and frowns at the realization it's not there.  "Our first priority is to field at least two more teams for patrol without affecting the watch or basic camp functions, especially if any of the communities accept our offer."
"That is so weird it must be true," Teresa says slowly, forehead creasing.  "I like whistling."
She frowns, eyes unfocusing again before she abruptly goes still, hands clutching the arms of the chair for a long moment.  Humans can't deal with infinity, Cas told him.  Worried, he starts toward her, but Cas reaches out and catches his arm, never looking away from Alison, eyes vast, a drowning blue that goes on forever.  "Don't."
"Dude, stay for the next installment; you can catch up when I go to sleep," Dean says.  "You gotta hear Cas read it.  He hates the hero and the future boyfriend--I mean, everyone, really."
Gasping, Dean digs his fingers into the hard-packed dirt, warm sand dusting over the backs of his hands, barely avoiding going face-first into the ground and getting a bloody nose to add to his collection.  Spitting out a mouthful of blood, his stomach too empty for anything but dry-heaving and humiliation, he listens to the litany on repeat in his head; he was sick, he's still recovering, he's out of shape, out of practice, never even been
Dean waves a hand.  "Okay, everyone has a copy of their shifts on patrol, and a copy will be at our headquarters in Ichabod; any problems, report to whoever's on HQ duty, Cas, or me." Cas clears his throat as loudly as possible, "Or not me because I have no idea, I'm just your leader." Everyone laughs, but at least it's sympathetic; they all live and die on Cas's goddamn schedules, and Dean recently found out it's also password protected (he was just looking, okay).  "Any questions?  Never mind, don't care," he adds quickly when several people start looking excited about that. "We head out two hours after dawn.  Dismissed.  Except Vera and Joe."
"Your guess is as good as mine," Chuck sighs.  "If Dean needed him for something, Cas would show up.  Late," he adds with a faint smile, almost affectionate, reminding him that Chuck is probably just as crazy as Cas these days.  "But I'm pretty sure that was deliberate."
"It was only a few times and a very long time ago."
you can do this; you're doing it right now. And I'm going to help."
Green eyes nearly black, Dean swallows, frozen for a long moment before hastily wiping the remaining lotion on his own cock and nearly falling before Castiel catches him.  They both catch their breaths as Dean's cock slots into place beside his own, sliding slickly together in the tight, hot space between their bodies.  Shuddering, Dean drops his head against his shoulder, rocking experimentally and finding it shockingly good. "God, Cas."
"It's not a question of money," Cas says, still looking at Joe.  "You've taken the measure of Laurence; what will he risk?"
of printer paper, spirals, and legal pads, makes the mistake of pausing to look at Dean inquiringly and only Dean grabbing the top box saves Chuck from a really painful meeting with asphalt.
She studies the clipboard again, flipping the sheets rapidly.  "I'm not a neurologist, and my rotation in that department was short.  Take as a given the spots probably won't get worse and there's good chance they'll get better.  I'll send Alicia for some more texts, but this is in territory I'd need a medical library, a degree, and about a decade or so in the field to know enough about to guess.  Mostly, it'll be a matter of him learning where the spots are and not freaking out about them.  Could use a therapist, maybe--"
"What?"
"Now would be best, yes. Let me get dressed.  Vera, can you brief me on what Dean left out of yesterday's events, please?"
"No," he told her, aware Dee had started to drool against his shirt but unwilling to wake her from what seems like a very pleasant nap; Dean enjoys those, too.  "Generally, this level of monitoring would be considered unnecessary to members of the Host, as there's no danger of damage to neural integrity and the human brain, especially with children, can adjust to almost anything.  However…" He frowns, aware of the warm, comfortable weight of Dee on his lap, the soft, regular sound of her breathing.  "They've been through a great deal in their lives already, and very little of it can be helped with other than support.  This is not one of those things; what happened to them in the daycare and what they were forced to carry in their minds would have no benefit to their development and I see no reason for them to be forced to retain any part of it.  Over the next year Alison and I will verify those memories continue to degrade appropriately so they won't be troubled by them either now or at any point in their lives.  Threshold should be reached at a year; with very few exceptions, at that point the memories will have degraded to the point that for all intents and purposes they will cease to exist."
"I need to check the wards this morning, so I'll be unavailable until noon," he starts, then remembers the day shift is waiting outside for his orders.  He doesn't know
"…Dean!" Amanda is saying, sounding frantic, and Dean blinks, rocking a little, feet planted just a few inches from the right side of the ward line.  "You okay?"  Her hand is on his forehead before he can stop her. "You feel a little--"
"Of course not," he answers, biting back a smile at her expression.  "I watched you work with them."
"I'm not actually sure regarding the origin of beer," Castiel admits, taking another drink.  "I watched your houses become villages and your villages become towns and your towns grow into cities. I watched all of your greatest accomplishments as you spread across this world, and I watched all of your most horrific atrocities.  I thought I understood the nature of humanity from my observations, yet somehow, I missed the invention of beer."
"I am helping," Cas says in a strangled voice, looking at Dean with dancing blue eyes.  "You're still traumatized by your encounter with Lucifer and your time hiding in Kansas City, so you require time to process your experiences before finding closure."
Cas makes a face. "Crossroads is very powerful, yes, and Crowley does have an almost endless supply of minions, but--"
Amanda swallows before carefully removing her rifle, setting it on the ground between them before sliding her right arm out of her coat and pulling up her sleeve.  Reaching out, Castiel takes her wrist and turns it to reveal her inner arm, aware of Dean beside him, frowning at the smooth expanse of winter-pale skin before looking at him curiously.
He's wondered, a little idly, when Cas discovered his sense of humor and how this Dean reacted to it.  Now, the big question is if this Dean even recognized what was happening when he saw it; maybe Cas should have told him, but he can see the attraction of seeing how long it took him to work it out for himself.  The air, he thinks fatalistically: gotta be the air.
"He was tired," Castiel murmurs, remembering that.  "I should have been watching closer."
.  "Didn't promise I'd be good at it."
"Maybe you should talk to her about it."  Under his fascinated gaze, Cas tilts his head thoughtfully, like he's trying to work out something really complicated, like say, human interactions. "Or should I--"
"It wasn't random." He takes a deep breath. "The demon that attacked Crowley--I knew her."
tired, and while your progress is excellent, it's also a source of additional stress with all you have to do to control your abilities.  Your fear is also a problem--not that I blame you--and this will assist with that as well."  Now comes the difficult part.  "The problem is--"
"You didn't ask that yet."
"They moved him to Drew's room; they need the space, and Sarah...was really into the idea.  Valli says familiarity is good, and above all else, when he wakes up, he needs to be calm, and Sarah--well, she can do that."
"Which leaves many unanswered questions still, but the most important is why Crowley would want that barrier back up," Cas says, frowning.  "He may not want Lucifer to win, but what use would it be now to him?  As far as he knows, Lucifer won."
"Are they fighting?" he hears Zack say.  "
Cas, angel or mortal, isn't a fatalist; he's a risk-taker of the first order, willing to pit himself against impossible odds without hesitation (or sanity, when it comes to facing multiple archangels armed with nothing but righteousness or Michael with a goddamn Molotov cocktail).  Craps, single roll, winner take all: he'd never hesitate to pick up the dice and make the call.  No matter what anyone says about method and strategy, at the end of the day, it's being willing and able to risk everything on a single throw of the dice that's the difference between someone that plays to win and someone who knows that sometimes, the only way to win is to play.
He's not imagining it; the cabins look visibly better, even the unoccupied ones: broken windows are a thing of the past, existing porches look less dangerous, those without now have some sturdy looking steps from door to ground if needed, and all the doors look new (and possibly weather-proofed).  The paths between the rows of cabins are very clearly delineated with short wooden posts strung with wire about ankle-level and layered with fresh gravel.
Dean turns to look at him incredulously.  "So you have an answer to everything?"
"You aren't even joking, are you?"  Dean braces a hand on the bed behind him.  "Okay, any way to hide him?"
"We also have someone to take the bills before the Plebian Assembly," Publius continues.  "He spoke to me after the vote was taken; he'll convene the Assembly tomorrow and introduce them
He considers asking who volunteered the other two and decides against it.  Alicia continues flipping it idly, speeding and slowing the rotation while testing different holds on the hilt before catching it at different points along the blade.  Amanda (looking queasy) always tells Alicia that she's going to lose a finger one day doing that, which is possible (as all things are) but unlikely, and in any case, Alicia always replies that she has ten and can afford the loss.  This close, he can mark out the delicate tracery of scars that decorate both hands up to her wrists, some nearly invisible, others hard ridges when they required stitches to close.  Gun and knife calluses overlap heavily, but she also carries on the thumb and first finger on both hands those associated with throwing knives, and the heavily muscled webbing between is an indicator of someone who's primary weapon isn't a gun but a blade.
"Cas!"  The edge of desperation in his voice cuts through him more sharply than any bullet ever had; hearing it could kill him.  "Cas," he says more quietly.  "Don't make this harder than it already is."
Cas smiles at him from behind a lazy trail of smoke, derailing Dean's initial panicked assessment of the best way to get out of this (moving, maybe?), and takes another drag before offering him the joint.  "I told you.  I missed you."
There's a pensive silence after that, and it's Dean that finally breaks it.
"If you can, please do," he agrees sincerely before continuing.  "Our second item of concern is the Hellhounds currently circling Ichabod's walls searching for a break in the salt line.  The internal lines at each gate and door are under heavy guard, and for those doorways currently bricked, a salt line was laid beneath each one; when we're done, we'll be able to successfully fix the external lines as well as block the opening of each alcove that leads to a brick door and give the city further protection."  Everyone nods, unworried.  "Hellhounds generally move in packs and I visually confirmed the presence of five.  The attack on Carol and subsequent attempt at disengagement confirms they've been purposed to a specific person, but the personal supervision of a demon during the Croat attack--and for that matter, the Croat attack itself--implies this contract is...." How to put this.  "Somewhat ambiguous in the terms."
"And four months ago…."
Sighing, he circles to the rear of the jeep.  "It was the first meeting I've conducted where I had to order everyone to disarm beforehand, which may be the only reason all the patrol leaders are still alive.  However, as all of them are extremely adept at unarmed combat, the consensus was that whatever team was currently on downtime between patrol assignments would have the privilege." Dean looks curiously at him as he opens the back of the jeep.  "They accepted the compromise with poor grace."
"Nothing," Dean says in surprise, continuing to the jeep before turning around, leaning against the hood.  "Just made me prove who I was."
Dean shrugs, taking another drink.  "Good example."
"Volunteer Services," he says, relieved to see Amanda join the two teams (minus Andy, of course).  Taking out the paper, he hands it to Mel.  "There's a situation in progress on the ground floor.  Did you have time to memorize the layout of Volunteer Service during your visit with Joseph?"  Mel nods, passing the paper to Amanda.  "Good.  I'll explain what we shall do on the way."
"Angels can see everything, all at once, everywhere, all times, always," he explains breathlessly, wondering vaguely what first aid suggests for treatment of a bleeding nose--does he tilt his head back?  "It didn't occur to me that it would--" all be there, everything, it shouldn't be, a corporeal form shouldn't even be able to access what it couldn't understand, much less what could hurt it.  "Everything," he repeats, swallowing a mouthful of blood.  "But in this form, on this plane, the only place I truly exist now, everything has to happen in linear time, so it's not instantaneous.  It takes time."
.  He recognizes the schedule that Cas adheres to like a goddamn message from God; it's the one he started and made Cas follow to get some goddamn normalcy living here and he follows it to the goddamn second; he has to, because if he doesn't, Dean wouldn't remember to eat.
"What'd Sidney say during all this?" Though he thinks he can guess.
Cas's eyes widen.  "She described it as 'sliding'?  That exact word?"
"I need to get her out." Cornelia starts determinedly toward the tub; after exchanging an alarmed glance, Cardixa and Publius reach her just as she kneels by Licinia, reaching to touch her face with a stark expression that Dean looks away from: that wasn't meant for anyone to see but maybe the dead.  "Don't fret," she says for no ears but those that can't hear.  "Play with him on the shores before you cross, if you wish; he will enjoy it very much.  I will take care of all else."  Then, to Dean's horror, she reaches both arms into the bloody water and starts to ease Licinia up and out.
"I just don't know what I need yet."  She blows out a breath, lips curling in a silent snarl.  "How do you kill something that's never been alive? Got anything? I'm open to ideas, even really bad ones."
Dean bursts out laughing.
Dean was early, Cas didn't mean to be high when he got here, he wanted to talk to him, and it was something that couldn't wait until morning.
"Uh." Tony scratches his head, looking at him sympathetically.  "Look--"
Dean doesn't laugh (this is serious, okay), but Jesus.  News at two (AM, that is): Cas cares about people.  Next up: Lucifer's a dick. "I bet."
"I'm sure if I knew your reasons, that would not be my foremost thought," he answers, unbearably relieved at the change in topic.  "Please enlighten me."
Crossing his arms, Dean sits back, looking mutinous.  "You're fucking with me, right?"
"Turkey sandwiches and Lays potato chips--Thanksgiving was the previous day," Cas says earnestly, because apparently the type of meal was a factor here.  "She told me later that she wasn't entirely clear on the reason why she offered, just that it was necessary, which depressingly is a very common characteristic of human clairvoyance."
Cas's head snaps up, looking surprised.  "Yes--oh." He shrugs.  "There will be other opportunities to indulge in the pleasures of the flesh, of course.  Delayed gratification is only gratification multiplied."
"Though I'm curious," Cas says in a rush of words, "about what they all have in common.  While all of them were interesting, the theme is--somewhat eclectic.  To say the least."
"I was created to serve," he answers wistfully as he follows her inside.  "My reward is having done good, as you know.  Though--" he pauses at the sight of the kitchen and decides perhaps Ichabod's coffee shouldn't be despised after all.  "I would like a few pounds of your coffee if you can spare it.  It's far superior to what we have at home."
"On the walk here," she says with a shrug, and he sees Vera and Teresa stare at the mass of pages before giving Alicia an incredulous look.  "Matt and Jody carried the boxes for me.  Anyway, I think I know what Dean was thinking and he was right.  Here we go." She flips the pages and starts to read.  "People trying to take their guns, their neighbor who is trying to kill them, pack of wild dogs and/or coyotes and/or wolves--canines are popular sources of terror--hurricane--yes, in Kansas, just roll with it--their ex-spouse, allergy season, snakes, spiders, demons, vampires, Communism, earthquakes, immigrants--"
," Castiel snaps, unnerved.  "If you think I need the reminder that I didn't know what I was doing, it's unneeded; I'm very aware of my limitations!"
"Not yet."  She raises her eyebrows.  "I do intend to kill them; it's just a matter of finding what will do that most effectively."
"Twenty-one months, from what we were able to find out.  Kansas was the third state that was isolated to slow the progress of the epidemic.  Any area where Croatoan has become epidemic is quarantined and its borders guarded to prevent the spread of further infection."
She starts.  "What?"
2.)  I'm still not sure when Chapter 14 will be out; either in the next two days or at the end of the month, it's basically how nightmarish it is tomorrow when we start validations tomorrow. I'll be honest; I am ridiculously tired from work and I am not a good line editor at the best of times; Chapter 12 was the worst for that and it really shows, which is the other reason I'm taking a break.  Also, honestly, my Christmas is going to be great but also so much stuff to do and I figure that's true for everyone.
"Not for this, though yes, that would be a very pleasant consequence," he retorts.  "For the crimes that he committed against you."
"Like me," Teresa agrees.  "
"What can you do with--territory?" Dean asks.
"Two thousand, two hundred and fifty-nine years ago, and yes," he agrees, taking the book back before the binding loosens too much to hold the pages, and with any kind of luck, inhibit further inquiries on the subject matter. Closing it and smoothing the cover, he sees Dean's grin widen, pink lips still wet from his last drink of beer. "What?"
He grins at her.  "Works for me."
He waves Joe silent at the knock on the door, followed almost immediately by Vera peering in.
"I'm betting they handled it worse."  Startled, he looks up to see Dean regarding the night in disgust.  "People are gonna be people.  Always thinking up new ways to be shitty at it."
Be clean and sober, Dean interprets.  "You miss that?"
"That doesn't mean I should," he interrupts.  "Or that you should, or the militia should be used as a private army bent on vengeance for me or anyone else.  Dean, if you think I expect you to abandon your duty as Chitaqua's commander as well as your ethics as a hunter for me--"
"Kat," Sarah says calmly, but Kat screams something and tries to buck Alicia off, face red as tears leak from wild brown eyes.  Sarah's knuckles go white before she shifts, kneeling directly on Kat's wrists and shoving Kat's shoulder's back to the floor with both hands.  "Kat, listen to me--" Her voice is drowned out by another scream.
"Generally," he starts, "you don't simply--offer up your memories to anyone who may want them.  You shoot them, in fact: I think we've discussed this? I know Amanda drills you weekly on the firing range; your progress is excellent, by the way."
"If I rescind the order," Cornelia says flatly, "she will die."
It takes two tries for Castiel to manage to speak.  "How was he brought here?"
Make that two: it can be really inconvenient when your…Cas
"Cas?" Alicia says, and he turns to see her frowning at him. "Everything okay?"
"And that's just the body count," Dean continues flatly.  "Joe--he said they had help and some of it at the point of a gun.  There was a reason half the goddamn camp hated them even after you stopped the slaughter of the unbelievers.  They stopped killing, yeah, because you made them; they didn't stop being what they were.  Hell--only problem I have with it is they would have fit right in before they went on the rack. Surprised they didn't jump off before it even started.  They had nothing human in them to give up."
Dean looks at Cas. "Rock dodgeball?"
"Like I said, the timing couldn't have been worse," Chuck says.  "You know his memory, Dean; he trained everyone who came in and knows everyone who left.  They got his full attention that night, and he didn't waste time wondering why.  He did the math on attrition and didn't like whatever number he got.  Add in that night with Vera, and it was as good as a confession."
"Carol and Micah being incredibly forthcoming during questioning," he says, picking up the notebook.  "The missing idiots two.  How easy we found Micah."
, mildly sprained his
"I could order you to do that," Dean counters.
"Because we were talking about Waterville trying to kill us and the use of shitty terminology that's also inaccurate and you clarified just how much," Dean says after a long pause, nodding to himself.  "Thanks, Cas."
"Yeah, so start working on your time management skills," he continues.  "So, what do you think?"
"Figured I'd forget to do that," Dean interrupts, shaking his head at Cas's worried look.  "She was right; I didn't even think about it.  Sorry about that."
"All the other teams have important work to do," Cas says reasonably. "Amanda qualifies as at least team by herself."
Yeah, he was wondering about that.  "Why
"Fine,
"We talked," Cas adds.  "In the infirmary before...everything."
"Stop me if you've heard this one before; so Dad has these kids, right, and they're obedient and loyal and all that shit, but for some reason, Dad's favorite is the dick that doesn't give a shit about Dad or anything else and does his own thing.  Any of that ring a bell?"
Vera starts to say something, then licks her lips.  "I'm going to ask you a very stupid question."
"Oh."  Cas tips his head back to look at him, unimpressed.. "Well, then, all is explained."
The thing is, he's right; promises aren’t something you just make and forget, not to either of them.  "You're right," he says finally.  "So I did--that--to help at the border?"
She nods cheerfully. "I will."
"Not afraid--baffled, maybe--"
"One question," Joe says in a deceptively even voice.  "How much longer on your contract?"
Thanks to ladylark, lapfulofmisha, and  kristenmchugh22 for their various services in reading and fixing this from January to yesterday.  You have my appreciation and gratitude for your kindness and patience.
"Money."
"So sounds like you have a couple of reasons for a field trip to Ichabod," Dean says casually.  "Help Amanda out, check out the town, tell me what you think.  Day after tomorrow sounds good, what do you think?"
"Do either of you have any other injuries?" he asks; they seemed to have no trouble running, but a hunter runs until they're deprived of legs (and sometimes even then), so that means nothing.
Dean nods.
"And that worked?"
"Please," he adds, wondering what else Castiel wants from him; he's got everything now.  "I’m sorry.  Give me Sam back.  Please, give him back."
"Do you need--"
--and I still don't know what did it, but I narrowed it down a couple of years ago to not werewolf--but I stitched her up, got her antibiotics, and kept her overnight before asking her if she wanted to get some coffee. Best weekend of my life, by the way."
"We can't be thorough in less than a month and a shitload more people, but five days will give us an idea." He pauses, tapping his pencil on the map when Cas doesn't answer.  "Cas?"
He's still not over the alpaca: according to Alison, about six months earlier, a herd showed up and pretended they'd always been there when feeding time came.
"Here?" he asks intelligently.
"Outside the walls," Micah interrupts sharply and looks annoyed with himself, blue eyes fastening on Dean resentfully.  "I wanted to talk to Alicia, and I knew she wouldn't see me if I tried to visit your headquarters."
Of course, that was only after he started to ask when he was training her; before--before, he never asked at all.
Her frown deepens. "I have no idea what that means."
Dean watches as Carol turns to look at Erica.  "Bring him back," she begs.  "I'll do anything else you want, just--"
"Tell me about it," Dean mutters, ignoring Cas's sharp look.
Dean laughs softly. "He really was that bad?"
"They tried."  He thinks of Dean with an almost physical pang of longing.  "Only recently, however, did it occur to me to listen."
"And other people's families died for mine," she answers flatly, then shakes her head.  "In any case, like I said, she was powerful, but she didn’t just fail dramatically in character, but in common sense; she tried to summon something--we think she was trying for an Elemental, but no way to be sure after the fact.  That would have been bad enough, but as she didn't know what she was doing, she made a mess of it and called--something else."
Direct, Vera said: she had no fucking idea.
It's too soon to feel anything like relief.  "Dean."
"I panicked," she says apologetically. "I thought you were...them."
"--and Crowley would be first against the wall when the Apocalypse ends," Dean agrees, nodding. "And everyone who signed right beside him."  He nods seriously.  "So knowing that, ask yourself--would
Sempronia's expression turns to horror, mouth dropping open, but Sappho simply walks to the edge of the tub and sets down the oil.
.  As Publius shuts the door behind them, Sappho sets the bundle on the desk and steps back.  Cornelia picks them up, reading each at a glance before dropping them on the desk, expression never changing.
Joe shifts his rifle against his shoulder again.  "Why here and now, though?  That's what I'm wondering."
"She's still a reminder," he answers slowly.  "When I see her fight, I think of my instructor at Alpha, and the other hunters who passed their skills to me, as I did to her, as she does now for others."  Of Dean, who taught him his first lessons in humanity by example before he taught him how to be a hunter and teach others.
Cas nods, then seems to remember something and abruptly sits up.  "Dean, should I--"
The following silence stretches infinitely, or so it seems, and Castiel wonders uneasily how long this will last.  "Dean," he says finally, "I think--"
"No, they need one room per person so when they're fighting, everyone has somewhere to storm to," he argues, satisfied that coupling isn't going anywhere.  "Doesn't have to be a bedroom, but there's gotta be space.  Lifetime in motels, Cas: trust me on this one.  Now," he adds casually, "let's get back to what's actually bothering you."
Distantly, he hears the harsh sound of his own gasps for air as his body slowly closes back around him in a warm cocoon of flesh and bone, spitting out a mouthful of fresh blood as water falling across the surface of his skin, joining the sharp throb of his hand.  Pulling it free from in a rain of slivered ceramic and wood, he mechanically flexes his fingers, checking for broken bone, relieved that even now, his body remembered how to throw a punch appropriately.
"I had many aliases--"
"Good."  Finishing his bottle, he tries not to check the horizon again; it's just gonna confirm the sun is lower and they're still waiting.  "Don’t do it again.  Check in before you start giving blood to people, you have no idea what that shit can do.  Ask Cas: there's a list, it's unreal."
"Yes, Sempronia," Sappho says obediently, and Sempronia doesn't wince at all as she works the scented oil deep into her skin, eyes falling closed in sensual pleasure.  Naked women, Dean's mind offers helplessly, and he represses it firmly, concentrating on Sappho's face; that's a mistake but also a revelation.  Unobserved by Sempronia, her expression isn't 'doing duty whatever' but more 'I could do this for the rest of my life for fun'.  Huh.  Seems like she shares more with Sappho the poet than just a name.
“We already had this argument anyway,” said Dean, shrugging one shoulder. “Before Cas even went after him. He’s legal age to make his own decisions. That was a sticking point, if I recall.”
See, he doesn't even need to know what the fuck a hindbrain is (the hind of the brain?) to get this.  His hindbrain (isn't a hind a deer or something?) gives no shits about setting, timing, or even content, much less 'enlightened times' (whatever that means); when Cas uses that voice, its response is a blanket answer of 'yes, please'.)
Castiel smiles slowly.  "Your roll."
Amanda straightens.  "Hippofucker?"
Cas raises an eyebrow.  "Now I'm going to tell you that don't understand, and it's completely genuine."
"No," he answers quickly, hearing the thread of fear in her voice.  "I'm saying, I'm giving you options. This is a shit job you're going to do for me, among many shit jobs in a shit life in the place where you lost someone you loved, and the person who pulled the trigger is your leader.  There's doing your duty and great job, but it doesn't have to be this hard."
"Then why...." For a moment, relief washes through him that he won't have to say it, Cas understands, but no, this is his life.  Confusion to angelic wrath to confusion to...oh God.  "Are you perhaps under the impression that I welcomed Crowley's attempt at seduction and will succumb upon seeing him again?"
"She and Andy were involved before she left."  Alicia's frown deepens.  "Maybe--three months after Andy got out of training, they had a fight and she up and left.  Hence the Kat-Andy-unresolved-forever-followed-by-too-much-sex-in-my-cabin: he was really into Carol and getting over it, not something he was quick to do.  Did they come together?"
Dean's threshold for pain is astronomically high, and far more relevant, minimizing it while in public view is reflexive to the point that Castiel's fairly sure he doesn't even realize he's doing it.  If he'd noticed earlier (perhaps when Dean was fresh from a three-mile long escape from a small army of Croats after a fight at the ward line?  Or any time after) and taken him somewhere private to see to it, his hand wouldn't be in this condition at all; Dean doesn't hide from him, not anymore.
"God," she groans, taking a drink.  "It's too early to be awake."
"See what?"
"Dean, you're sure--"
"Dean, you don't control my dreams."  Cas's set expression fades, incredulity creeping in.  "You think
"There's no way I could confirm or deny that, even if I could read your mind," Cas concedes.  "But I do have a question: why did you ask me how I'd feel if you did?"
"How?"
"Your recitation of Homer was sublime last night, and your accent impeccable," Cornelia agrees. "I was indeed entertained."
Yes, I could have done research and adopted Catallus and used actual resources, but come on, this is Cas and doing it well would kind of miss the point.  Plus, this was so much fun, you have no idea.
"This is
"You put me in charge of the camp, and its members needed reassurance you were alive," Cas answers, irritatingly reasonable.  "The window was sufficient to reassure them you were well.  Human memory is malleable and I took advantage of that; they'll vividly remember seeing you then and as they watch you during your recovery and after, if they ever notice an inconsistency in your physical appearance--scars heal, recall can be faulty, and the rest will be relegated to imagination."
She nods numbly; thirty years of--nothing.  She really
A high precision calculator for an ellipse can be found
"The evil building?" Haruhi says in surprise.  "You're in the evil building everyone hates?"
Joelle opens her mouth to argue.  "That is an order," he tells her, not at all surprised; no hunter is happy when forced to leave combat before all the enemy are dead.  "I need someone I trust to watch my back, and you are the only ones I can trust to do so.  Go."  Then, belatedly, "Very well done with the demon.  Your mother will be very pleased."
"No," Claudia says, faint, harsh color staining her face. "No, I will not have it. You must leave!"
She grins at him, surprised and pleased.  "You got it.  I'm up an hour before dawn, so I'll be by half an hour after that, if that's okay.  I'll bring breakfast."  Looking at Dean, she adds, "Want me to send Matt to help you out? I'll take his place on watch until he gets back."
Cas is looking at him with that expression again, the one that's only shown up since the fever, but this time, he gets what he's looking at.  Cas said that he didn't Fall because he thought they'd win, it wasn't the point, and Dean gets that, and God knows by the time he had, no one had told him any different.  It was the Colt or it was the end of everything, and even Dean fucking Winchester hadn't believed it could end any other way, saying with the indifference of resignation to accept Michael with his team dying less than a mile away and the Colt in his hand; we're not gonna win, so why even try.  It won't work.
"You can take care of yourself, nothing to worry about," Dean drones.
"And you were just getting started, weren't you?" Alistair continues.  "Half the Pit's fodder; half the rest probably should be, but you--you used it.  You spent fifty years training my lieutenants into giving you exactly what you wanted for the privilege of making you scream and beg and crawl anytime they wanted; they took the deal and only then found out you never said you would even pretend to care."  He sits back, grinning.  "You know why I picked them?"
"The diseases of the mind are no different," he tells her.  "Like a growth; like the disorder that causes bruising and exhaustion, that kills some and in others, simply eating sheep's liver can keep the patient healthy; like the summer illness that causes paralysis and death for some, yet others it leaves untouched: we can treat them to the best of our abilities, but
"No arguments," Dean interrupts, hand shifting to his upper arm and pulling him unresistingly to the door. "We're going home. Anything else you need to know, it can wait--"
Pausing in his translation, Castiel searches for context (none) and makes a (wild) guess.  "Vera and Jeremy?"
"Your word is enough," he repeats.  "You don't need a single goddamn witness other than yourself.  Now, where and how often?  Volunteer Services, ended up with him getting assigned to the same place you were?"
"…reflexes last night," a woman is saying.  "He's on the extreme high end of normal, which shouldn't surprise me, considering what happened when he was hallucinating."
"Two between Ichabod and Checkpoint A, one between D, C, and B to A," she answers, joining him to observe proceedings.  "The groups coming in are a lot smaller, so turnaround is hourly now to save gas."
"Right." He nods firmly.  "So you gonna take care of it or what?"
To his relief, that seems to dissipate some of the inexplicable tension.  "We gotta work on your thing against food."
"You were there."
Amanda's expression doesn't change for a long moment before she says, "I slept with her, and if you
"I clean guns," Dean offers.  "Tell myself I'm not tempted to use them, which sometimes works, since the people I'd use them on are already dead."
Cas tilts his head to rest his forehead against Dean's. "You've been an excellent teacher."
"Time," he says bitterly, wondering at the vastness of the lie he once took as truth; it's forever here.  "So I've heard."
"Speaking of supplies," he says, deciding a change of subject is in order, "I've reviewed both Chuck's supply list and our inventory at your request." He hesitates; Chuck was a wealth of information without sufficient context, but it was clear that Dean's observations regarding their future needs were accurate.  "You were correct; without the regular trade with the military, we're going to need another means of acquiring supplies very soon."
"What are all of these?" Sappho asks, and reluctantly, Dean turns his attention back to the room.  "I wrote what I saw, but understanding it....."
"Like a shitty song?  Indy music," Dean says in disgust.  "Sam thought it was funny."
know."
"I told her I would.  Approval has been granted by Ichabod's council for us to recruit ten to a maximum of twenty of Ichabod's residents per class, provided that Chitaqua compensates for the town's loss of labor with a proportional increase in our own for the town," Cas answers placidly.  "As that was reasonable and consummate with the original terms, I agreed and told Joe that would be among the terms when our residence in Ichabod is officially made permanent and we begin formation of our second base there."
"That's what they said," Joe says, sipping his coffee.
"I thought I was perfectly fine until you started to run a temperature after lunch," he offers.  "However, before that, I was removing the crusts because it was very funny to see your expression each time I did it."
"Why," Dean asks grimly, unmoving beneath a pile of blankets that has grown exponentially since his cold began, "do I need to go to the infirmary?"
Cas stills, but before he can say anything Dean charges on.
"God, no," she answers, which is exactly what he didn't want to hear.  "Just what I have so far. It's gonna takes me a little more time to get the rest."
Dean would love to know how the fuck Micah got word out this morning when they no longer live in cellphone country--and how the fuck he got on the volunteer list--but that's for later.  "What did he say to you?"
"And if I ask James and Mira?"
"So yeah, four of our exes are in town," Dean agrees, crossing his arms.  "And we're gonna play nice," someone snorts, loudly, "unless and until they don't.  Carol's off-limits, people; bygones be bygones there, whatever they are, got it?"
"He wouldn't treat him."  Jesus Christ, he hopes to God that this Dean was just a shitty leader who didn't know what was going on in his own goddamn camp.  The alternative is so much worse.  "You took care of it?"
"What?"
"You'll let me do with you as I will?" he asks, and Dean nods.  "Yes or no: verbal confirmation is required."
"We aren't leaving her out here."
"You need a library," Dean explains, pointing at the innocent utility closet accusingly.  "Dude, come on, even I can tell that's driving you crazy.  Books in boxes and stacked on shelves wherever you can get space, not all lined up and organized by geometry or historical color or whatever."
"Very, and every day the strain on her is growing.  Everyone she speaks to now are minds she's used to and knows very, very well and can filter through her shields with minimal risk and at minimal cost to herself.  While line of sight and proximity helps shorten the amount of time it takes to find him when she lowers her shields, she'd still be exposed to every mind in this town during that time."
Cas raises an eyebrow.  "Yes."
He's not sure when he drifts off--sleep right now is a matter of a couple of hours before either pain or unremembered nightmares wake him up sweating and terrified with no idea why--but he awakens all at once at the sound of the door and sits up so suddenly the rush of blood makes him dizzy, black spots dancing in front of his eyes.
Cas's expression flickers through a lot of variations of something before settling on 'resigned'.  "Gloria's clairvoyance became active during puberty, which isn't uncommon.  However, unlike most clairvoyants, her first vision was very powerful and--memorable."
(Why didn't he just drop the sweatshirt on the floor?  Throw it: what was that about?
"Back already?" Dean says in surprise, getting to his feet.  They only left three days ago to get the answer from the communities, and Joseph's sober expression isn't encouraging.  Reaching for the cord to roll up the shade, Dean smiles at them, but Castiel doesn't miss the look on Dean's face before he composes it for Joseph's benefit.  "Get in here."
"A better idea?" He can almost hear Alison's voice:
--that was it saying
"….thirteen thousand people, give or take, are within Ichabod?" That would be Cas.  "You're certain?"
?  "You have a minute, Cas?  I could use a third party opinion."
"Bigger, got it."  Amanda nods thoughtfully.  "Give me twenty minutes."
Jeffrey glares at him, throat bobbing as he swallows again.  "Even now, you angels stick together, huh?"
"Wards are flexible; Grace--is more selective," Castiel answers.  "I shaped it to a purpose--to create the wards--but that didn't change its nature, simply how it manifests.  It would allow you to key someone in, provided you did it yourself with your blood and they used their own blood to draw my true name, but that's in the design and added by me deliberately; anyone else who tried to do it would fail and nothing would happen.  A demon would be killed the moment they touched the wards, no trying needed."
going to build a new mess."  Dean blinks; Cas is almost vibrating in place, and oh God, this is an acutal
As the Croats get closer, Alicia calmly firing off each shot like she's fresh from a long rest, Matt looks at him for a moment as he gets to the set-up point, his expression broadcasting that Alicia doesn't think she's getting away this time, and he's not either.  With a nod Dean hopes tells Matt he knows just that, he counts how long he has before he needs to reload and makes a mental note that he's gonna be practicing just that a lot in the future.
Castiel hesitates, and this time, Crowley's not surprised at the lack of discipline; watching Castiel finally settle back down beneath the slow, soothing strokes, he wonders if there's ever been a single Master who could use the carrot so well the stick was simply the lack of it.  Start as you mean to go on and Dean's started very well indeed.
"Not that, no," Cas assures him.  "No one at Chitaqua ever verbally expressed any desire to burn me alive for practicing evil.  That was new to me as well."
"With these kinds of numbers, that or the equivalent."  She winces.  "Luckily, we've had to deal with it a few times when the waste plant kind of--broke--so we know how to avoid poisoning ourselves, but--Cas, I don't have details and I don't want them, please don’t make me go get them.  Some things should remain a mystery to the common man."
Gripping the sheets, Castiel breathes through the endless glide, pressure varying until Dean finds the perfect one.  Then--for no reason at all--he
It's several long moments before he can think enough to be relieved he didn't collapse on top of Dean.  Careful, he slides to the bed beside him, still shaking, an aftershock rippling through him at the sight of his come on Dean's pretty, flushed face, green eyes half-closed, his right hand on the pillow, and long legs still spread wide.
"I'm honestly not sure," he mutters, frowning at the page before returning his attention to Dean. "As I said, i don't--oh, I apologize.  Human sexual prudery--"
Inexplicably, Dean frowns into the distance, and uneasy, Castiel wonders what he's thinking.
"I can have Chuck continue the explanation if you feel that you can no longer trust me to--"
Castiel stills, almost forgetting the warm, motionless bundle in his hands. "What?"
"I'm alive," Dean points out.  "Contract's not over, so you got, what, eight years--"
"That was my A game," he says, smiling down at her.  "And it's very good indeed.  But it only works when what I say is true."
.  We have generators in the garage that just need some spare parts to get running, but instead, we're running the entire camp off six and live with the random lack of lights and hot water, and it's not like we don't have the fuel.  Why?"
"Oh yeah," he agrees, crossing his arms.  "His buddies are still missing, but they'll turn up, I guess."
Dean exchanges a bewildered look with Joe before asking, "Thirty minute rule?"
"And Teresa thinks you may have broken it by...." Cas was alive, everyone was alive, and also, that guy under him wasn't Grant.  Jesus Christ, Grant.  "Not being dead.  Cool."
"When?"
"You sure you don't need some help?" he asks; Cas is probably still with Alicia and it's not like breakfast is going anywhere.  If they even have breakfast; they gotta be close to running out of food, and fuck if he'll take anything from those coming in or the kids at the daycare.
"No."
"I wonder if it's got anything to do with someone getting exclusive access to the results of Cas's still and didn't share?" Mike asks rhetorically, crossing his arms, and abruptly, Dean's surrounded by vultures.  An entire militia of fucking
"I don't think he knows what a cock looks like."  He reads the stanza again, but it doesn't help.  "Even his own."
After.  Dean remembers the bedroom, the new wood of the doorways, the windows, what Cas can't remember, what Chuck didn't know about what Bobby and Dean were doing, how Cas survived.  He still doesn't know what they did, but looking at Cas, he thinks he knows why they did it.
"Nothing is going to help!" he snap before he can think better of it.  "I want it anyway."
"I tripped over it."
!" Dean yells back, bracing a hand on the table with an audible thump. Castiel winces, taking a sip of tea.  "You're lucky we didn't
"You have nothing else I want," Erica interrupts, her gaze landing on Micah's body, and Dean shivers at the glimpse of something so far beyond hatred he's not sure what to call it.  "Would you like me to give him your regards?"
"Fuck. You."  Finishing his bottle, Dean gets up, collecting Joseph's plate and empty bottle on the way to the kitchen.  "Joe, you want another one?"
"That doesn't help."
"I also followed the those that would produce potential vessels I could use," he counters.  "Keeping track of the various bloodlines on earth might be considered the closest thing to a hobby in the Host and among the gods; everyone did it.  Those families with the potential to bear archangelic vessels were very popular subjects, as were those who were fit for use by the more powerful gods.  Not to mention," he adds temptingly in the face of Dean's interest, "their habit of procreating with their followers, which considerably shortened the process of acquiring acceptable vessels.  Zeus's propensity to impregnate anything that qualified as living with a lack of particularity on how or in what form should be explanation enough.  His potential vessels can be found in most of the animal kingdom, if you're curious."
He doesn't need to ask if Cas is quoting her; he is.  "Huh."
"So the goal was to save everyone in the state," Alison says in a rigid voice.  "Or almost everyone.  That meant they had to be here.  So my question--why
"Senatorial politics," his companion tells him and grins as two elderly senators get in an actual goddamn fist fight on the Senate floor, stools flying everywhere. "I love politics."
? This is
"Right."  Crossing the remaining steps between them, Dean tilts Cas's face up and kisses him, tasting the shape of the smug smile before drawing back, chest tight and hoping to God this isn't some stealth feverless hallucination.  "Good plan."
Taking another sip, he considers that.  "Did Dean?"
Castiel blinks.  "What did you say?"
"Or several people," he adds, watching Dean's face and wishing he could appreciate the novelty of having a better grasp of human at this moment than someone born to it and currently avoiding meeting his eyes.  It's less surprising, however, when he considers this is Dean, self-knowledge isn't his strongest area of expertise ,and this isn't about sex, though it would be infinitely simpler if it were.  "After something just short of a very stable three month relationship, during which time occurred a fever that nearly killed you, you giving me command of the camp so you can recover in peace, and what was probably a genuinely terrifying interview between you and the watch because on an excursion from the camp I was injured, I am free to cheat on you with your--and apparently my--subordinates with a clear conscience."
"Moat," he realizes, grinning.  "Good idea."  He wishes Sam was here and they could start work on a drawbridge for it. He's here, though, and driftwood would work; he wonders if there's any around.
"Difference can be threatening," Cas continues, switching back to practicality at the speed of light.  "You tried to shoot me when you met me.  Familiarity makes everything mundane."  He does that thing again, like he forgot something and just remembered, straightening on the bed with a faint bounce and absolutely no squealing springs.  They have
"Why--" Can't I think?  He tries to hold onto the thought, desperate, but it's trying to get away, slipping frantically out his grasp. "What happened?"
"Exactly," she says, grinning maliciously. "Your job--that you've chosen to accept, and did I congratulate you on your--"
and some he thinks probably shouldn't. If that's the standard they're using….
One and a half hours on his own, and he's not dead yet; it's celebration time.  When he gets the energy to sit up, which will be any minute now.
"I never said I didn't," he answers obliquely.  "I just didn't notice until you mentioned it.  It's been over two years since I left Alpha."
Warnings: suicide, method cutting wrists. It's not a play by play, but it is mentioned semi-explicitly; implied spousal abuse
"I would as soon seen to my own torture on the rack as beg forgiveness of the Host."  Taking a more moderate drink, Castiel shrugs.  "It makes no difference; even had they offered, I would have rejected it."
Dean bites his lip, frowning.  "Like Sam when I say I got an idea."
He nods, biting back another grin.  "Right.  You had your sigils for the wards and a conduit, right?  So now all you needed was Grace.  So?"
"What--"
He can just see the suggestion of a frown and waits for it; Cas doesn't know (or ever need to know, Christ) the exact nature of the content in question, but it's not like he can't do the math on timing himself.  That part, he can't hide so why even try, but he's curious if Cas will come to the obvious conclusion or manage, against all odds, to think it couldn't possibly be about him.  Because he can take care of himself, it doesn't bother him, it's not everyone, no one has expressed any verbal desire to kill him (recently), and also, reasons, not necessarily in that order because variety and because Cas.
"Get out there and good luck?" Dean murmurs helpfully.
Turning, the rests her arms on the top rung of the fence to look at him.  "And?"
to get this mattress.  "As I was saying--"
Suddenly conscious of what he's doing (sitting here staring at a half-naked Cas without even the excuse of medical shit to cover it), Dean slides off the arm of the couch to repack the kit, taking it back to the kitchen and buying himself a few more minutes to think about what it is he wants to do and why.  Sure, he didn't know the consequences of giving blood, but it's not like Cas did either. He gets the potential danger, but come the fuck on, 'weird thing that he can't remember happening' (and random mindreading, fine) is very low on his list of shitty consequences when historically, he's consented--in his right mind, even--to things that sent him to hell, killed him, almost made him a meatsuit for an archangel, and occasionally has him jerking off to the memories of wearing women's underwear.
, no help for it, but you gotta stop wearing it as your skin; it's
"I'm good."  Casually switching the bottle to his right hand, he starts to add something before he nearly drops it, fingers reddening as they cling determinedly to the plastic as his entire hand begins to shake. Taking it back in his left, he flattens his right on his knee, staring down at it bitterly as it continues to tremble.  "Fuck."
Dean looks around the circle of faces and sees the reflection of his own dawning realization on every face; a street or two away is a woman who can't fight, barely shoot, and no matter how powerful she could be one day, right now she's not reading anyone's minds if she can help it and in any case sure as hell can't stop a bullet to the head: a tool of their trade to fight monsters. It's not that he thinks any of them are there right now--not yet, anyway--but that's where they could go.  Might even have to.
Jeffrey makes an incoherent sound, eyes fixed in dawning horror at the incomplete sigil, and Castiel tightens his grip on his hair in encouragement.  "Yeah," he says, voice raw.  "Cas--"
"Three days after the event you very obviously are thinking of, Alicia returned to the team and Micah returned to--whatever he was doing. I know what you're asking, and no, I didn't see him."
"Not a lot, the infirmary doesn't have….I need--" She laughs a little hysterically.  "A hospital would be nice."
"I generally avoid going outside during inclement weather," he admits, stiffly taking off his coat, which Dean snatches away before he can remember where the coats are now supposed to be placed.  "I know perfectly well--"  He loses track of the thought when Dean rolls his eyes, giving him a push onto the edge of the mattress, and realizes apparently Dean considers his speed of progress inadequate and is currently engaged with frowning at his boots disapprovingly before starting to remove them.  "Dean--"
Tiredly, he forces himself to recall what he needs to tell this man, to make him understand; even through the numbness, he feels a flicker of hatred for whoever sent him here after winning his own Apocalypse, force him to experience the slow death of a world that lost.
When he opens his eyes, he's crouching just outside Ichabod's wards, watching as horrified confirmation flickers sluggishly to life in flashes of warning, buzzing gold inches from his fingertips.  Looking down, he realizes he's in a blackened crater still smoldering sullenly, surrounded in bags of coffee, and in the distance is a figure, running toward him.  Dean.
"Who's in the water?" he asks mechanically, lips numb.
"Okay, there's something we need to talk about," Vera said, pointing him toward her bed when he arrived at her cabin that evening.  Surveying the stripped bed, Castiel found himself in the novel position of hoping that wasn't an invitation and sat down carefully, relieved to see her take a chair, turning it to face him and sitting down.  "It's about Dean."
He should have checked earlier, except Jesus, why would they check the
That box behind the Latin dictionary and
Dean bites back the automatic retort because actually, he's not sure.  He wants to say it wouldn't have mattered--Jesus, why the fuck would he care, it's the
"If that practice dummy was any example, I'd sure as hell wish I were dead when she was done."
"Bread upon the water," Dean says, smiling.  "You found those kids a month after you settled here, right?"
.  Giving up (there will be opportunities, per Cas), he crosses to the bed, pointing tiredly at the chair. "Sit down.  So, whatcha got?"
It doesn't take long; a touch confirms all is as it was.  Stepping back, Castiel shakes his head.  "Nothing has changed."
He straightens so fast he sees spots from the head rush.  "What?"
Start as you mean to go on, Crowley thinks as he leaves the Black Mountain: Castiel, too, has started very well indeed.
.  "What were we talking about that wasn't that?"
Jerking back, he staggers helplessly again the back of the chair he was sitting in earlier, dazed, trying to catch his breath as another throb of pain shoots through him: those aren't nerves and that's not his body.  Not his human one, anyway.
"I'd ask what's wrong with simply finding a means to successfully deal with it that won't cost you your life."
"You told me I should make my own options.  While that is still an almost painfully simplistic philosophical point--platitudes have a higher level of sophistication--"
"You make it sound--"
The vastness of the loss that encompassed what he gave up didn't lead to particular interest in discovering what remained, or if anything had beyond what little before Dean's arrival he already knew of and ignored as so much less.  He wonders now, and the reasons for that are far more complex than simply for the protection of the man sleeping in the cabin beneath him.
"Huh," Dean says, sitting back.  "So she offered to take over the Georgia runs?"
Turning his gaze to Cas, he fights down panic, trying to form a question, but he's not sure where to even start.
"Cas," Vera says slowly, "what happened in Kansas City?"
"I didn't ask," he answers, frowning in turn.  "I forgot."
"Auction?"  Of all the things he'd expected to hear--and that's a very long list--that wasn't anywhere on it.  "In
"You don't like to do that."
"You were very tired," he hears Cas say like that's a sane explanation or something as the mattress dips to his right.  "Don't worry; I didn't take it personally."
Shifting in preparation to go--where, he has no idea--he realizes that his legs are unexpectedly stiff, and his ankle throbs a warning to get the fuck off his feet.  Taking a step, he hears the audible creek of his knees, which probably means he's been standing here being creepy for way too long.
"Will she be okay?" he asks bluntly. "I mean, not a knife in her gut here, but...."
"And you didn't want me there."
Dean stares at him.  "You ever watched yourself?"
The negotiations don't take long, and Vera volunteers to go to the jeep to obtain four of the bottles hidden beneath the false bottom of the jeep concealed by their weapons when Castiel demonstrated to her satisfaction that he understood the principles of bargaining (it does help to know one is doing it).
That happens with things that are new; like life, they're just full of surprises, and sometimes, they're pretty fucking awesome.
The gleaming black eyes rest on Carol in outright malice.  "Of course I did," she answers.  "Did you think I was here to
Looking down at himself, he sighs: not to mention why the
(All of whom haven't wasted a second gloating but are getting shit done as well as regularly reporting to her; he's going to be interested who in that group will be next to come to the Tower.  He won't admit he has a preference, but that doesn't mean it doesn't exist, or he isn't considering how to make it happen.  He's got some ideas.)
"What kind of fucked-up shit is this?" Dean bursts out.  "When you Fell, I thought angels became human, but Chuck said you…."  He grimaces, looking uncomfortable.  "I mean, from what I--heard.  Somewhere."
"Neer said it was like finding something you didn't know you were missing. Sudha said it was like coming home.  They were right," Teresa murmurs softly, then her expression changes, lips tightening.  "And now--because I didn't take precautions, Neer and Sudha--"
"And by the way, officially, this is going to take you about two weeks," he says.  "Check with Chuck on rations."
Jeffrey's visible eye darts to Castiel in helpless terror.  "Please--"
"I remember grief," Lia says savagely.  "I remember rage, for what they did to my sons, their bodies defiled, their work destroyed, their names disgraced.  You tell
“See, Sammy” The aforementioned said after appearing by his side. “This whole thing about pretending to be dead is all fun and games but I think it was about time I came back. And when you’re someone like me you can’t just knock on the door and say ‘hey, I’m alive, yay!’. No, when you’re someone like me, Sammy, you have to make a great comeback. But I must say, the storm really helped with the dramatic touch and that wasn’t even my fault!”
“Well, yeah, I can see that! It’s been a long time coming but how did it even happen?”
Castiel didn’t turn away, he didn’t even hesitate as he kept advancing towards his brother.
“I would like all of that very much Dean,” Cas told him softly “but while sexuality and being perceived as your partner are not things that concern me, I understand it affects you so I need you to know that all I want is to be able to be with you and be near you. I don’t care what you call it and I don’t mind keeping it private if that’s what you wish for as long as you know that all I want is you.”
So there he was now, staring at the ceiling of the cold bunker room. Too tired to do anything else but lay in his bed but still unable to make himself drift to sleep. He had no idea how long he’d been trying to relax and just sleep, even after trying every tactic he could think of but none of them had worked.
“Should we order some food?” Sam asked as he was leaving some bags on the map table.
“Shut up” the hunter said rolling his eyes and failing to hide a smile.
“Yeah yeah, everyone’s fine” Gabriel chimed in “and I’m a good person now or whatever. I solved a few of your problems today so I hope you don’t come looking for me to kill me, deal?”
“So…” Gabriel said “you think I’m a good person?
. . .
Dean looked at him furiously. The room fell silent, the air a little bit thick despite the cold that the storm had brought inside. Gabriel pretended not to notice any change and kept on going with his little theatrics.
He tried to swallow all the insecurity as he reached for the doorknob, he was going to prove it wrong.
“Gabriel! You could at least warn me before doing that!”
we went through? Really, man?”
It would be a lie to say it was the perfect sweet first kiss they dreamt of, it was filled with anger and helplessness. They collided into each other, everything that they’ve been through for the last ten years lead to this, all they ever wanted to say, all the feelings they didn’t know how to express, they all lead up to that kiss.
“Right, we still have a case to solve too so…” Sam said awkwardly, not being sure about how to say goodbye.
“Dean! Would you please calm down?!” he said, more demanding than asking.
“Gabriel,” Cas stopped him. “you’ll keep in touch, right?”
“I don’t know.” Cas said and sighed in defeat. He copied Dean and also threw his head back against the wall, pondering about his brother’s intentions. “I know Gabriel and I know he can be annoyingly mischievous but most of the times he’s trying to accomplish something with his shenanigans. If he wanted to physically hurt us… or you, he would’ve achieved that almost immediately.”
“Me too, I didn’t finish talking though and I wanted to say that even if I’ve never been sure about- you know, how to handle this part of me” Cas squeezed his hands in support and Dean would be lying if he didn’t say he loved the feeling of finally crossing that line, even for small stuff like this, it was completely worth it. This feeling encouraged him to keep talking. “there’s one thing I’ve been sure of for a long time: you’re special, Cas. And I don’t mean that because you’re an angel, you’re special in many more ways than that. I’ve never felt so comfortable with anyone before and sometimes when I’m with you it feels like that’s all I need, you. What I mean with all this is…” He took a deep breath, it was finally time to say it, no more running away from it. “I love you, Cas.”
As he walked along the bunker’s corridors, Dean hoped Cas would come after him. He felt dumb wishing for it when he hadn’t really shown more clear signs of wanting that but he was still nervous and processing everything and he didn’t exactly know what else to do now. He closed the door to his room and sat on his bed, after just a couple of seconds he threw the rest of his body against the mattress and let out a long sigh. Opening up emotionally was exhausting, and now he was worrying that Cas might not even come looking for him, but he had to, right? He was the one who said they had to talk more about it. Unless he didn’t really mean it, or he regretted it. Or what if-
"I did
...." Bad enough to see the dead bodies, horrible to imagine doing that to any kids, but that....  "You're telling me she
