“Well, then.  Seems you have a decision to make, my boy,” Obie smirked.  “Is your little pet project worth risking that?”
“I didn’t even tell him about the money!  Brock, this isn’t about Bucky,” Steve insisted again.  “It’s about us.  This,” he reiterated, sweeping his hand back and forth between the two of them. “Can we just--”
“Ya gotta admit, he’s not hard on the eyes, even if he is an asshole,” Brock observed mildly, following the thought with a long swig of beer.  “Though, me? Personally, I like blonds.”
“Get him on the table!” Bruce shouted, point towards the medical table near the center of the jet.   “Thor, on his side.  On his side. Careful, careful.  Nat, I need—God—I don’t know—I’m not—shit,” Bruce said, running both hands through his hair, gripping huge chunks of it tightly in his hands.  “I’m not this kind of doctor.  I’m a biochemist for fuck’s sake.
“No.  No, it wasn’t,” Rhodes admitted, voice heavy and quiet in the deserted corridor with only their footsteps and the clank of the guards’ armor behind them to mark their way.  “We won, but the guy who had been telling me about his son the night before?  His chest was caved in.  The guy who gave me his leftover ration, just a kid with his face still marked?  Half his head was gone.  I thought I knew about death and battle and what it meant to be a soldier, but I didn’t know shit,” Rhodes ground out, though there was no bitterness there, just an acceptance Steve recognized all too well.
“My—my what?” Steve stammered, mouth going suddenly dry as he frowned up at Tony in confusion.  His cock jerked and thickened, though, and something in his stomach roiled and lurched like he had eaten stones for dinner.
“You like that I would,” Steve replied, then held the sponge up high over Tony’s head, while Tony raised his eyes speculatively, waiting.  Instead of squeezing, Steve brought the sponge down in a long stroke over Tony’s back, then back up again and repeated the motion a few more times, until soapy bubbles clung to the tanned muscles of Tony’s back.
“And do you not think they all perform their duties and then rush back down to the kitchens or laundry or wherever with stories of the King?” Cam said, sounding rather incredulous at Steve’s apparent naivete.  “They can barely contain their words from spilling out.  They all want to be the first to share.  What else would they do with their lives for excitement?  It is not just his concubines who like to talk.  It is the whole Castle’s favorite pastime, to talk of the King.  And now, you, because he places you above all others.”
“Stewart, would it be possible to meet the Chef?  I’d like to go over a few things.  Allergies,” Tony heard Steve say apologetically from somewhere behind him, though the words echoed tinny and too distant in his ears.
It was wrong.  Steve knew it in his bones.  This whole thing that Fury was suggesting, it felt wrong.  Off. Shortly after he came out of the ice, he’d dreamed that he had woken up hundreds of years in the future, and no one wanted to tell him, so they’d pretended and he’d pretended, but he’d known.  The whole time, he’d known he didn’t belong, and then finally, someone said it. He’d looked down in his dream and he’d been wearing his uniform, dripping wet and cold with a puddle slowly growing around his feet.  He remembered shaking for hours after, unable to stop, curled in a ball on the floor because the bed was so soft and insubstantial, the irrational certainty that he would fall through it, be sucked down into some other place, dark and cold, hadn’t let him crawl back into it until nearly morning, and then, only because he refused to let himself give in to that kind of fear.
He turned in a circle, looking for anything he might be able to use to just break the glass, and heard the squeal of tires directly behind the glass.  He took the steps two at a time and raced across the living room, flinging open the front doors, a flood of guests following him out the door, to see Tony’s Audi speed off down the driveway.
“Ugh,” Tony groaned and pulled out his phone again, staring accusingly down at it.  Finally, he sent another message to Ty.  Ready when you are.  That was…not needy, Tony thought.  Hoped.  It didn’t
Steve scrubbed his hand over his face a few times, a burst of anger flaring behind his eyes.  “You’re a billionaire, genius, playboy philanthropist.  What’s not to like?” Steve asked with a flash of annoyance.  It wasn’t fair, he knew, to blame Tony, though God if it wasn’t easy enough to want to do.  Stark had a way of making it seem like it was all about him, and, fuck, maybe it was.  Those guys, that hadn’t been some random attempt to take advantage of an opportunity, Steve was almost certain of it.   “Doesn’t mean I was going to just let them…just let that happen.”
“They fired him.  Because of you.  Do you have any idea how hard it is to get another job when you have a ‘would not rehire’ on you?  They weren’t even going to let him in the Army because of that bullshit restraining order, until 9/11 happened, and they started taking anyone,” Barnes snapped. “He coulda moved up.  Gotten promoted.  Gotten out of there, someone like Steve.  He could’ve gone places.  Before any of this shit,” he continued, banging his good hand on his prosthetic arm, “Happened to him.”
This was it, Steve realized. The moment where he could say no.  He needed more time. This was all happening too quickly. He’d planned a Courtship, not a Bonding, after all.  He didn’t even know Anthony, not really, and Anthony knew absolutely nothing of him. Even if Anthony agreed, he wouldn’t really be able to understand what he was agreeing to.  He wouldn’t know all the reasons why he should say no to this whole arrangement. Why Steve was the last person he should pick to be with.
“You know me?” Steve asked, already certain of the answer if not how the answer came to be. If the man was what he thought the man was...
“Is that what you’re planning on taking?” Steve asked with a slight frown from behind him. Clearly, not enough pillows, Tony thought to himself. Damn. Tony grabbed another one and hugged it to him to try to get the air out and smiled reassuringly at Steve. He seemed to have all the essentials. Had he forgotten something?
“Got any names you want to share? Can’t keep calling her ‘Bump,’” Tony whispered, almost reverently. His cheeks were wet, he noticed, and ran a hand over his face.
“But,” Steve said.  He swallowed, or tried to.  It hurt. He knew it must be, but the pain and jealousy were so thick, he thought he might choke on them. Of course, Tony would marry one day.  Of course, he would. He had to. Steve knew that. He
“Hugely convenient, I love not having to explain myself.  How much longer ‘til that trick doesn’t work?” Tony asked.
“Did you hand over proprietary military technology to terrorists, Mr. Stark? Is that why the military is stonewalling on what really happened over there?” yet another voice added to the chorus.
It was easy to imagine watching something like this with Tony, maybe trying to sketch it, grabbing for his colored pencils while Tony clicked his tongue and took a digital photo on his tablet, though it would be Steve’s sketch that Tony would save, he knew, not the photo.  Even unfinished, Tony kept them.  He’d even given Steve the page from his journal with the dancing monkey drawing on it, carefully framed, with a note taped to the back that said something about it not being a flying monkey, but that he’d thought Steve would appreciate the reference anyway.
He dropped his head, a huff of air slowly releasing as he stared down at his hand gripping the doorknob, like he was on a precipice, hanging on so he wouldn’t go over the edge.  “Brock,” Steve began, craning his head around to stare at the man he was maybe just now realizing he had never truly known.
He exited the men’s room and found one of the facility managers to apologize about the destruction to the sink.  The man stepped into the restroom, took one look at the damaged sink, where two large, hand-shaped chunks were missing, and promptly took out his cell phone to snap a--what was it called?—selfie with the damage.
“Because this is how they should go,” the King said, still in the same slow, careful tone.  “And you just…knew that.”
They didn’t know who Steve was or what was special about him, Tony was almost certain, but they knew there was something. Something that set Steve apart.  Agent Agent, who was hovering next to Darkwing Duck over there by the dessert bar, knew, and probably a few others.   Tony raised his glass, and Coulson nodded, giving Tony a wan smile. Fury just glared.  Or, possibly, winked. Tough call.  Did you look at the patch or the eye?  He’d have to ask Steve. It was all very confusing.
“I didn’t think I’d like it,” Steve said in low, thrumming voice that set Tony’s teeth on edge and made something jerk just below his navel, pulling at his neck like it was connected by a string.  The urge to bow his head, expose his neck, offer something, himself, whatever it was, was nearly overpowering.  He blinked and waited for it to pass, but it hung there, a warm, spreading fullness in his gut.  Pressure, pressure, pushing down, making him want, though, what, exactly, he wanted was shadows on a wall, moving too fast for him to see.
“Why not?” Brock replied.  “No time like the present, right?  Besides, we need to know how all this is going to work, you know what I mean?  Do you just show up or--or what?  Oo--here, concierge desk. That’s gotta be it.” He held up the phone to show Steve the number.
“I thought you wouldn’t want me once you were…you again. I was trying not to take advantage of the situation,” Steve murmured, words coming out thick and slow.
“Sounds great,” Tony managed, more in relief than because he actually wanted to spend the evening pandering to Steve, but at least he wasn’t expected to cook.
“Up pops the Devil,” the stickman called, indicating a seven, though Tony caught the knowing smirk and had to forcibly suppress the desire to roll his eyes.
Tony tore his mouth away abruptly. Steve was still chasing the taste when Tony gripped the sides of his head, hard enough to rattle him to attention.  He pushed himself up to his elbows, keeping his weight just off Tony and looked down in confusion.
“Anthony Stark, I know what you are doing in there!  I just ironed that robe!” Jarvis shouted from the living room.
“Have you thought about art school?” Tony asked as he picked at his breakfast and poured himself another cup of coffee.  It was all very nonchalant, but there was a tight sort of hesitancy to his movements, like he was holding himself in check.  “There are several reputable ones nearby.  They would,” Tony started, then cleared his throat and took a sip of his coffee.  “They would probably have scholarships available.  If you wanted to look into that.”
“That, I checked on. They’ve requested six more to test at Walter Reed and Brooke, but you’re holding out, demanding they commit to a big order,” Rhodey added.
“You are a lot. I…like a lot.  I’m not having second thoughts, Tony,” Steve said, steadying his gaze on Tony and raising his chin a little.   He huffed out a deprecating laugh and swiped a hand over his mouth, giving Tony a wan smile. “I’m having…whatever the opposite of second thoughts are, I guess,” he laughed lowly, shaking his head.
“What?  No!” Tony said, sitting up abruptly.  “Your mom makes me caramel apple pie with the fancy crusts cut into equations.  Don’t take away my math pie.”
“I’m not—God, Tony, I’m not going to last,” Steve warned.  Tony slow-blinked at him, then pushed his head forward and took more of Steve’s shaft, moaning as he did.  He pulled back, then repeated the motion, bobbing his head slowly at first, then more vigorously, until Steve felt the tip of his cock hit the back of Tony’s throat and then, a moment later, slide down further as Tony’s throat closed around him in a tight, hot vice.  Tony swallowed, and the motion was enough to make Steve’s hand spasm where it sat wrapped around the back of Tony’s head.  Another moan.  The head of Steve’s cock held between Tony’s lips.  A deep, hard, suckling pull, and then Tony took him down again in one, quick motion, and Steve was coming, hard and fast.  Hips jerking, his body going tight, vision whiting, bursts of pleasure sending him over the precipice, and he was gone, rutting into Tony’s throat as he filled the condom with warm, wet streams.
“Well.  This is…unexpected,” Natasha said evenly from the doorway just behind Rhodes.  “Hey, James.  Pepper. Tony,” she finished lowly.
“I’m sorry, Tony,” Steve said softly.  He was.  Probably more than he could let himself say. Tony made a noncommittal sound in the back of his throat, but dropped his gaze.
“I am glad to hear it,” Tony said.  “Master Doran painted my official portrait, you know?  The one of me on a charging horse, holding a sword aloft, all mighty and powerful looking, of course, and not at all like some rooster cocking about,” Tony let out a snort of annoyance, then waved his hand in the air.  “Should be you in something like that, if we must have it.”
“Yeah, see, Cap, and far be it for me to agree with Stark, but it’s maybe been awhile since you’ve flown commercial.  These days…not exactly the friendly skies up there,” Clint remarked as he stacked pancakes on his plate.
“I have always wanted to see the interior of the Hoover Dam,” Steve chuckled, nipping at Tony’s ear.  “Someone once told me there were a lot of Art Deco touches in there.”
So there they were, minutes later, Tony snapping the faceplate down and Steve in his uniform hoisting the shield.  Tony thought he was the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen.  That could be the hormones, but objectively, it might actually be true. “Ready?” Tony asked through the helmet.
“Apparently, I’m very insecure,” Tony said jovially, because he was pretty okay with that, considering the fix.
He reached out and straightened the fork again where it sat on one of the cloth napkins by his plate. It still didn't look right, not the way Jarvis always had things, anyway. He tried shifting the salt and pepper shakers to a more centered position on the table, then moved them back, then to the side.
“Sing that song, and I’m pretty sure you get Geneva Conventioned. Hell, no, man,” Wilson agreed with an easy smile.  “Well, more the merrier, right?”
“Speaking of,” Tony said, stepping forward and holding up the six iron and golf ball in his hand.  “How far do you suppose you could hit this?  I’m asking for science.”
“He wants to book you again. Tonight,” she said, a question in her voice.  “The fee I quoted him was insane, and he didn’t so much as blink.  This is a good opportunity for you, Steve.  If you are agreeable, he’ll send a car for you.  Dress is casual.  You’d just be going to his place.”
“Sometimes it’s better to track than arrest,” Clint pointed out.  “Klaue has moved a lot of his operations to less shady businesses, that’s true, but it’s all a smokescreen for what he’s really involved in.”
“So polite,” Tony grinned up at him before leaning in to catch Steve’s bottom lip between his teeth and nip lightly, sliding his tongue over it in almost an apology.  Tony’s nimble fingers worked at the lace tie in the front of Stee’s swim trunks, then hands were tugging them down over wet skin.  Steve toed the trunks off the side, as Tony stared down.
Slowly, Steve made his way towards where the castle loomed, covered in an unnatural shadow that seemed to have no source. His feet crunched over the ashen gravel as he walked, the only noise other than the sound of his heartbeat.  Calm filled him.  Almost peace, though the place was too unsettling for him to entirely relax.  The thumping in his temples dissipated, though, and that was good.  Yes. Yes, this was what he was supposed to do.  This was right.
“Anyway, I’ll have to file a report.  Just wanted to let you know,” Coulson said.  Steve couldn’t tell if Coulson sounded resigned or excited at the prospect.
“Lena said he was begging Master Zola to help him as they dragged him away.  I’m glad he’s gone, though.  I didn’t like him,” Cam added after a long beat of silence.  “No one did.  He liked what he did, I think.”  He lifted his eyes to Steve, then looked out over the balcony with a solemn expression that was far too old for his face.
“I…actually have a lot of…flexibility with my schedule.  Maybe put Europe off for another time, but, one day.  Soon.   If you wanted,” Steve replied, then cleared his throat when Tony remained silent.  “Speaking of, ah, trips, I was going to go into town again at some point, maybe pick up a few things at that shopping mall there.  Happy said you two stopped by?  Uh, there’s a—end of next month—there’s this gala, ah, thing, that Fury wants me—us--to attend.  Not a big deal,” Steve said, in the way that said it probably was a big deal.
“Still.  Thanks, Bruce.  I mean it. This…I don’t know what the hell I’m doing, and Steve…he’s…he’s everything.  But…I don’t know how to do this.  I don’t think I’m made this way.  There’s something wrong with me. I’m not doing this right, and he should have someone who knows how to do this right, not some screw up like me,” Tony said, eyes finding Steve’s blond head where he’d removed the cowl and was talking over the battle with Fury.  “But now…now, I can’t let that happen.  I can’t.  Even if it’s better for him.  I just can’t.  I’m a selfish son-of-a-bitch, Bruce, but I can’t do it.”
“By way of Etta or a caravan from Ghoad or, I don’t know, the slaver ships from Borentz,” Tony grated out.  “That’s how most end up here.  I thought.” He was up now, moving around the room on hurried feet, lighting a candle on his desk.  He stood there a moment, head down, chin resting on his chest, hands fisted on the desktop where he burrowed his knuckles into the wood. “I will handle this.”
Well.  He was in it for real now, he supposed.  A man out of time once again. Sometimes, that seemed like all he could ever be, like destiny had already chosen his lot for him, and he just had to spin the wheel to see where he landed.
, and nearly forgot how to get his tongue to form words. He coughed his first attempt at speech into his fist and tried to regroup.
When he was finally ready, he turned in front of the dresser mirror, giving himself a last once over.  He heard a horn outside, which meant Happy had arrived.  Not terrible, he judged, tilting his head to the side.  He wouldn’t embarrass Steve, at least.  Might even look like he belonged on Steve’s arm.
When his legs were finally free and Tony was satisfied, he carefully helped Steve stretch out.  The plug inside him shifted, and Steve groaned a little.  Finally, his hands were out of the cuffs, and Tony was working his fingers into Steve’s wrists and arms, lowering them back down to Steve’s sides in increments.
right, too.  In some way that Steve couldn’t quite fathom.  He looked over at the hand crank and cannon.  It goes inside, he thought.  And the shell on top.  Four of those cranks with men sitting inside to turn them, and the thing could move.  Move and fire and be
“—we gave them water and food, of course, but you should’ve seen them, arms in the air, kneeling down, just take me!  Anywhere but back to Iraq!” General Mini-Quiche laughed.  “I don’t think I’ve seen our boys as welcomed since a USO show.”
Tony tossed his arm over his face and squeezed his eyes shut.  He was going to wait.  He would be good.  He would be so good.  He could do this. He could.  He rolled over and pressed his hips into the bed, breathing out as the sensation washed over him.  Repeating the motion sent a flare of wondrous heat behind his balls, where a core of pressure was building.  His fingers dug into the comforter, and he heard himself groan, low and long.  His heart was thudding in his ears, so loudly he could almost feel the vibrations shaking the bed.
“So, this regard…how….ah, how do I…I mean…should I, like, I don’t know…maybe…he listened to you, so…” Tony stammered.  “I mean, let’s face it J, if property destruction is the way to the man’s heart, I’m completely down with that, but…”
The memory of the cave, small and round and littered with the bones of birds, muskrats, rabbits and other small prey, beneath a stone canopy carved cracked into the mountainside when the earth shook eons ago with markings older than words, came to him.  He shivered, remembering the holy man’s words as he gave Steve the draught. One is life, one is death.  Steve had thought the man meant the potion, and hesitated.  Which one is this, he had asked.  Each of you are both, the holy man said, then cackled with a strange, almost childlike laugh that unnerved Steve moreso than the ritual, and left him there with the firelight from the single torch casting shadows on the grooves of a story that…had it made sense at some point that night?  Steve thought it had, but it was like trying to remember a dream.
“Tony, I’m not you, but I’m not an idiot, either.  I know what the schematic for a missile casing looks like, and you had one sitting on your desk by the water bottle U grabbed,” Steve told him, making Tony blanch and nearly choke on his tortellacci.  “I know you think I’m pulling your leg, but I do actually have some inkling of what it’s like to be told you can’t do something you know you can do just fine if they’d give you a shot at it.  Or…well, maybe I couldn’t have done it just fine.  They were probably right, about me, at least, but I know how much I hated being told I couldn’t.  I also know how well I listened.”
“There’s a great cheesecake place a few blocks from here.  We could grab slices to go and walk down to the waterfront.  It’s not a long walk on the beach, but you can’t beat the smells of gasoline, fish and garbage to go with your dessert,” Steve suggested with a small, lopsided smile, drawing a light laugh from Tony.
“What was that, Barton?  I couldn’t hear you over all the not thinking about new arrow designs I was doing,” Tony called out over his shoulder.  Clint just stepped into the elevator car and saluted Tony with the arrow as the doors slid shut.
In retrospect, Tony felt he really should’ve been more specific with the universe.  Steve wasn’t going to die, but no one seemed ready to say if he was going to live yet.  Seven days of no response of any kind, not spontaneously, not to pain, not to anything.  Seven days of waiting and hoping and being disappointed over and over again until Tony honestly couldn’t say if he even felt anything other than numb to it at this point, like he’d slammed his hand in the car door over and over again until he wasn’t sure if he felt pain on the next slam or just the memory of it.
He dabbed again at his mouth, but it seemed to have stopped bleeding, then went over to the tall tool chest that stood in one corner of the garage and opened a drawer.  A clear, plastic package of white cotton oil cloths was inside.  He tore it open and pulled a couple out, his mouth flattening into a thin line.
“Alright, Microsoft Skynet.  Cut it out.  Steve’s impressed.  Don’t over-sell it,” Tony warned, walking over and snatching the cloth off the floor before DUM-E could perform his routine again.  U was wheeling himself over towards a half-empty bottle of water sitting next to his workstation that Tony had been using as a paperweight.  “U, if you pour that anywhere that isn’t on fire, so help me, I’ll…”
“There are plenty of things that can accelerate healing, of course, but nothing like what you’re describing. And yes, there are things that can temporarily induce what would appear to be greater strength.  Look at what happened with me. Maybe even speed, agility, I don’t know. People make claims, sure...but, not something that has effects that last years, Tony, that’s...I want to say impossible, but you said you saw it with your own eyes, so,” Bruce shrugged.  “I’m sorry. I really do wish I could help,” he said, looking back at Steve. “Tell you what. I’ll see what I can find in Ellis’ library, okay? And...maybe there’s something in the archives at Mita. I still have a few contacts there, and there are some other people I can ask, too.  Carefully, discreetly, I know, I know,” Bruce finished, waving away the admonition that Tony was about to voice.
Tony’s mouth stopped just over his entrance, and Steve could feel his warm puffs of breath pulse inside his body where his hole gaped open. Then Tony’s mouth was on him, wet and slippery from Steve’s own slick, covering Steve’s hole and sucking gently. Steve’s hips jerked, his back arching as he instinctively pressed against the warmth of Tony’s mouth, and he heard a low, pleased-sounding hum vibrate over the sensitive skin there. “Shhhh,” Tony said soothingly, his hands wrapping around Steve’s hips where the bones jutted out against the taut skin there. “I’ve got you. Just relax and let me make you feel good.”
It wasn’t a big deal, of course.  One more part of the act they were putting on for the rest of the world.  Not to mention, Steve had been the one to invite him in, and Tony, obviously, knew what Steve did for a living, Steve reasoned.  This wasn’t any different from what he’d done a hundred times or so now.  Not really, anyway.  He undid the button of his pants and pulled the zipper down, pushing them down past his hips and kicking them to one side.  Behind him, he heard an aborted huff of laughter from Tony at what Steve knew was the sight of his plaid boxers, but he didn’t turn around, just reached for one of the shirts hanging up nearby and pulled it off the hanger too quickly, making the hanger sway and rattle against the wall.
“Tony,” Pepper said tiredly, leaning back against a counter in front of a porcelain sink, arms crossed over her chest as he looked up in surprise.  “You do realize this is the women’s restroom?”
“Nothing,” Steve replied.  His voice shook. Or maybe he was shaking.  He didn’t know. “A dream, that’s all.”
Steve shook his head.  He didn’t want to start down that path, as easy as it would be to do.  The memory of last night belonged to him. To him and to Shellhead. No one else got to poison it, and that included all the voices in Steve’s head that wanted to insist that it was some vile act, some depravity barely whispered about, that’s what they would say, Steve knew.  If he let them. So, he just…wouldn’t. It was his. His and Shellhead’s, and they got to decide how to think about it.
“So. Anyway,” Tony began as he stopped just in front of Steve and gave him another once over, “this is a good look on you.   You should keep this look. You should wear this look all the time, in fact. Painting. Laundry. Binge-watching The Bachelorette.”
“Tony—” Steve started, then broke off as Tyber stepped into view from behind a large tree.  Other clan Alphas appeared, too. The ones from the clearing, Tony saw, except Durk, and more still from the camp, all holding spears or other weapons.  Steve looked over at Anto, then shoved him behind him, apparently having decided that telling him wasn’t sufficient. He turned his neck and looked down at him, his eyes wide with fear.  Not for himself or of the clan men, Anto knew. He didn’t want Anto hurt. Anto was beginning to understand that Steve had other signals, signals he didn’t always understand, but run and get behind me and take my amulet and eenkrdbell meant things that Anto wanted, more than anything.  Things he didn’t have words for, but he knew them. He felt the same way for Steve.
“What?” Steve said, drawing back in surprise.  “What do you mean I don’t want you? Why would you—why would you think that?  You said you were happy here, this was your place, your family—you said you had an Alpha and were going to be mated, so I kept my distance, yes, but how could you think I didn’t want you?  You’re…Tony, you’re
.  Actual Fucking Captain America going toe-to-toe with this masked, metal-armed terrorist guy in the middle of the highway.  Tony had nearly lost his shit in the middle of the student union while everyone gathered around the TV, Snapples temporarily forgotten.
“Coulson and Fury keeping you on a short leash, huh?” Rumlow remarked.   “Look, Cap, just because those two have sticks up their assess, doesn’t mean you have to hop-to every time they say jump, see?  I mean, you could come glue feathers to your head and insist we call you Tweety, and Coulson would probably offer to help you molt, you know?” he laughed.   “Just saying, you got a long rope, there, Cap.  Might as well use it.”
“He doesn’t know what to do with you,” Tony said, setting the plate down on top of the cannon’s sledge. He was looking off into the distance in the direction Rhodes disappeared. “Neither do I sometimes, but he sees a soldier who was captured fighting a war and it—it bothers him. More than he admits. He’s lost people over the years. Soldiers. It’s the way of war, I know, but… still, it plagues him. It has been a long time since we faced such a terrible circumstance here, but in the past, we would exchange prisoners or buy them back if that failed. But with you…” Tony stopped, shook his head and frowned. “With you, such a thing is not possible.”
“You know that I can see you looking at me through there,” the man announced with an annoyed frown, making Steve jerk his eye away from the apartment door’s peephole and stagger back a few steps, nearly tripping over his half-opened backpack.   “I’ll give you ‘til the count of three, and then I’m gone.  One,” the man began.
For example, Steve frowned on shooting people into space because they upset him.  Well, everyone has boundaries, Tony mused.
“Tonight,” Steve said, wrapping his hand around one of Tony’s where it splayed over his chest and squeezing, making the word a promise.
“Ready?” Steve asked, and Cam nodded, bobbing his head with an excited nervousness and twisting his hands in his robes.  Steve wasn’t sure what they were supposed to do now, but Cam apparently had been given some instructions, because he immediately went and pulled another one of the bell cords, this one hanging by the door, and a few moments later, then a guard opened the door and stood back to wait for Steve and Cam to pass.
, and felt a hot spike of something shoot down his belly to settle in his groin.  Tony had stopped in front of him and was now watching Steve’s eyes as they fixated on the bed.  Steve’s throat was suddenly dry.  Then Tony’s hands were unbuttoning his shirt and he forced himself to relax as Tony slid it off his shoulders and moved his hands down to unbutton his pants.  Tony lowered the zipper, but instead of taking them off, pushed his hand inside to cup Steve’s cock through his briefs, while his mouth kissed and licked a path down Steve’s neck and across his collar.  He felt his hips buck towards Tony’s hand and a soft moan escape.
“Okay, first of all, they are, in fact, fruit-filled pastries that you toast. No, look, I’m just saying—“ Bruce protested.
It took Steve a second to realize he’d answered a question without realizing what was being asked.  He might have tried to say something, object, ninety-eight, not dead, something, but Tony’s other hand came down to lift Steve’s balls, giving them a sharp tug, then massaging gently for a moment like an apology, before deft fingers moved behind them and rubbed against the thin, sensitive skin there.  Steve forgot anything that wasn’t the searing jolt of pleasure that slammed into him.  He hissed out a breath, and let his head tip back, throat working around sounds that couldn’t quite seem to form.  He was so hard, he ached with it, and wanted to ask Tony to move his hand, do something, anything, but it was better somehow if he didn’t ask, if he just let Tony do what he wanted, so he kept quiet.
“The garrisons are adequate, Your Highness, but the seaward posts are smaller and particularly those on the Eastern side, less likely to be approached due to the rocks and lack of a deepwater port.  Admiral Carmichael insists on patrolling, nevertheless,” Marshall Strucker was saying as he dismounted.
I'm on tumblr, if you're interested.  Stony, complaining about writing and now, Star Wars.  sabrecmc.tumblr.com.
“You are right,” Steve said finally, turning from the vase of lilies to glance at Cam where he lounged on the bed.  “Fine.  I will go to him.” Cam’s head snapped around to Steve and a smile broke across the boy’s face.
“Steve, I’m sorry, I don’t mean for this to be awkward, I really don’t,” Ms. Potts said in a rush.  “I’m just—I’m just happy,” she told him, looking over at Tony with a wobbly smile that Tony returned.  He let out a quiet harrumph, eyes going warm and bright. Steve heard him whisper her name in a tight voice, thick with emotion and maybe a note of apology, though he didn’t know quite why, except that they must have been through a lot together over the years.  “I really hate your tie,” she finished, blinking rapidly and wiping the napkin over her eyes again.
“It’s just that you hate this life. This world.  And you will come to hate me, eventually, at least, if you don’t already,” Tony said with a tone of acceptance that made Steve’s gut twist.  “Even now, you think about what you could be doing. What you
“Yeah, insane,” Steve replied, his voice tight. He swallowed hard and tried to ignore the little voice wheedling its way into the back of his head. One night. One night.  Just sex. That was all.  One night.  “Hey,” he said, a trace of urgency in his voice as he reached out for Brock’s hand. “My mom used to say that easy money was never really easy.  Everything we’re going through, maybe it’s not for nothing. We’ll get there, okay? I mean, as long as we have each other, that’s all we really need.”
Leaving the man long enough to clean himself up and drink some water, he kept his gaze on the lovely hole slowly dripping his cum onto the floor. That’s a sight, Steve thought. He wished he could draw it. Maybe he would. Maybe next time, if there was a next time, he would bring his sketchbook and charcoals and draw this scene. True, it was in his memory now, and it wasn’t like he would forget, but there was something about bringing this to life on paper in a real, tangible way that he liked. He wondered if the man would be okay with that or if drawing him like this was asking too much. The man at the desk said there were no hard no’s, but they probably didn’t have this on their list, he thought, smiling lopsidedly.
“You…you won’t ‘bother him’?” Happy asked incredulously.  “Do you have any idea what you’ve done to…” Happy’s voice cut off as his eyes flicked over Steve’s shoulder and then snapped back to Steve with a hard glare.
“Technically, they offered Steve the week off with pay while I considered venture capital financing, but I take your point. I’ve got to spend most of tomorrow at the Tower.  Steve has his not-bowl-making class, anyway,” Tony replied.  “I thought about tagging along, but that seems kind of, I don’t know, private or something.”
That helped. It was okay if Steve wanted this because whoever this was in Room Six with him, they wanted this, too. It was an incredible amount of trust, Steve thought to himself. Maybe that was what he needed from it. The trust. The absolute faith in him that he always seemed to lack after one of their bad days.
Talking to tin cans and seriously considering calling astrophysicists for relationship advice?  Not good, Tones.  Not good, Tony hummed to himself in Rhodey’s voice.
Maybe he'd judged Steve a bit too harshly, in a way. He could concede that much. He knew, in hindsight, at least, that he'd idealized eking out an existence in a way that only someone born to privilege, who has never known the ache in your stomach from skipping a meal you couldn't afford or what it was like to watch a parent work long past when their health should have allowed it. He'd been thinking about their future, and, by the look of the list of phone numbers and hourly pay in that ledger, Steve had apparently been trying to figure out a way to keep food on the table and the lights on in their crappy, if adorable, little love nest.
Steve might not want him, not the way Tony wanted Steve, but Steve cared for him.  Wanted him to be happy.  Wanted to take care of him, Tony thought, letting the chocolate melt in his mouth.  That could be enough.   Tony could be happy with that.  It didn’t have to be some sweeping, grand romance.  They could be friends.  Good friends, even.  The kind who laughed, watched movies, played chess, argued about books and…schemed to get SHIELD drone contracts.  Your basic secret handshake stuff.
“Then all is well,” Tony replied, giving Steve a pointed look before clapping his hands on his legs and pushing himself off the bed.  “I must prepare for dinner with our host tonight, so I leave him in your care, Small Hands. He is to eat, bathe and rest, and that is all.  Think you can see that he behaves himself?”
, Steve finished, then added, “Forget it, it isn’t a big deal.  The only reason I mentioned it was that, well, I wanted you to know that I told Coulson to stop sending me copies of what you order.  Order what you want.  Two pounds of crickets, if you want.  I just thought you...you seemed worried, that first night, about what you’d ordered, and I didn’t want you to worry. You have my Alpha passcode.  Use it for whatever you want. I didn’t want you to--to worry. About what you buy.  Or don’t buy.  You don’t have to,” he broke off, looking out towards the deck with a flat sigh.
over the past year. Teammates, brothers in arms, friends. “You need to get some rest. And eat. It wasn’t your fault, either, Avenger. It wasn’t anyone’s fault except Hydra’s. We can’t save everyone.”
“You don’t know that,” Steve protested in weak, tired voice.  “This is what I meant, Tony.  This is me.  This is what you get. You shouldn’t have to settle for a life of dealing with a husband who—who—“
When had anyone actually defended him or taken his side, let alone tried to…shield him from it?  Tony let out a shaky huff of almost-laughter and shook his head, rubbing at his forehead with his other hand.  He looked down at their joined hands, then raised his eyes to Steve, who was watching him with an unwavering, if somewhat hesitant, gaze.
“Fair enough,” Stane grimaced and nodded.  “We gotta talk about that sometime, Tony, you know that, right?  But, for now, how about we agree to no more shop talk tonight? It’s a celebration, right?” Stane asked, then held up a stack of what looked to be five-hundred dollar chips.  “Here. Buy in is on me. Consider it a belated wedding present, since your poor, old Uncle Obie’s invitation must have gotten lost in the mail. Have some fun,” Stane suggested.
“You pictured me?  Tell me more about that,” Tony said with a teasing grin, though, and he decided to blame the champagne for it, the thought of Steve thinking about him, maybe some kind of celebrity crush or something, sent a spike of something warm low through his belly.
“Yeah.  He was the gunner.  Got thrown.  Arm took the worst of it, obviously.  Hey, we should talk to someone in our medical division about prosthetics,” Tony suggested.
Yeah. Great. How the hell was he supposed to work with Tony having amazing dream sex with someone?  Mind if I cut in, probably wasn’t the way to go, given Bruce’s admonition not to try to jolt Tony to instant awareness.
“Almost everyone around me is here because they get paid,” Tony replied, his eyes never leaving Steve’s face.  “I’ve learned not to hold it against them.”
The King’s hand slowed its rhythm, thrust in and out of Steve’s loose passage a few more times, and then was gone, leaving Steve feeling a wide gulf of emptiness.
Tony shut down the search screen on his phone, closed his eyes and leaned his head back against the hard edge of the bus seat.  If he let himself go down that path, he’d probably never leave it again.  And Steve was here, and needed Tony, not some half-life of him that could be spared from whatever pyrrhic victory ruining this judge’s life was going to be.
“What I could do with an Alpha like him,” Whitney said with an exaggerated sigh, then gave Tony a calculating look.  “My first Alpha, Lucas, now, there was a man with ambition.  I was his second Omega.  Never be a second, Tony.  Whatever they tell you about how much they adore you, how they need you, how they never really liked their first.  It’s a set-up.  God, his first hated me.  Tiny, little fly of a man was always trying to undermine me,” she continued in a tone laced with bitterness.  “And he did.  I heard Lucas set him aside a few years ago for some fifteen-year old who just presented.  There’s your lesson.  So, I ended up with Calvin, and here we are, chasing some other Alpha’s leavings. Now…an Alpha like yours…maybe he could handle two Omegas.  Hmmm?  What do you think, Tony?  You’re smart.  Little on the naïve side, maybe, but we could fix that.  We could make a real go of it, you and me.”
“I still have some Kevlar left over from your last suit.  How do you feel about a slightly militant Winnie the Pooh pattern?” Tony asked.
Steve hefted the basket and blanket, then followed Tony down the dock and back to the shore. He spread the blanket out under the tree, on the flat patch he found earlier, and unpacked the basket.
The hairs on the back of Steve’s neck stood up and a tingled lanced down his spine and settled cold in his gut. Something about this, this moment, something that Steve couldn’t put his finger on yet, and none of the others seemed to notice, but something.  Something happened.  Something right here, Steve thought, feeling a slight shift under the whole scene, too subtle to see in the middle of it, with the tree and the presents and all the people right there, right there in the same room.
Tony turned away from the mirror and walked over their bed.  It was weird to walk around in something like this.  So…different than his usual comfort clothes.  He looked down at the cleft in his chest where the top dipped low, swallowed hard and sat down on the edge of the bed.  The slightly rough, sheer material of the top felt cool and warm at the same time as it pulled over his skin.  The tips of his nipples jutted out, hard, dusky ovals just below where the lace edge ended, so that whenever the strap fell or he twisted or stretched just so, the lace would scrape across those sensitive peaks.  He could somehow feel each movement of the lace in the tip of his cock, which was pressing against the soft fabric of the panties.  A small wet spot had appeared sometime around the point he finally managed to get the second garter attached, and by now, the whole front of the panties was damp where his hard cock pressed against the confines of the material.
, knew everything, which made no sense, but he couldn’t quite shake it.  The office chair slowly swiveled around to face Steve, who stared, unable to move as a jolt of shock rocked through him, nearly sending him to his knees. He staggered, but kept his balance, even as all the energy seemed to drain out of him.
Steve finally pulled his head back slightly and gazed down at Tony, eyes hard and gleaming, even in the low light.  “I
“Captain Rogers has been through a lot.  These last few months…it’s been…an adjustment.  Director Fury thought, maybe if he had an Omega, it would…help,” Coulson finished with a frustrated sigh. “There were concerns.  About—well.  We just wanted to make sure he had someone to come back to.”
… it hadn’t been all for show, why would it be?  That didn’t make any sense.  Tony didn’t have to be like that, not with Steve, but he was.  That was just who Tony was.  He cared, he wanted his partner happy, and Brock--
“I shouldn’t be gone too long this time,” Steve said.  Someone was shouting from under the helicopter blades. Tony squinted, then remembered the man from his visit to SHIELD.  Smaller boulder, Tony recalled.  Steve wrapped his hand around Tony’s wrist, over the watch, and gave it a light squeeze.  “Happy?” Steve called out.
“You’re later than I wanted,” Tony said, advancing towards him, his dark gaze flicking up and down Steve, first in concern, checking for injuries and cataloging what might be different, then turning assessing in a far different manner, making Steve’s face heat under the scrutiny. How could he have forgotten what this was like, to have Tony’s focus on him, the way it lit him up from the inside? It seemed that the sheer power of Tony’s belief was enough for both of them, the way it felt to be loved by this man, filled up to brimming with the force of it.
“Heck yeah,” Kirk said.  “The service I go through has ratings for all the clients.  Good way to keep track of the assholes, you know?  Who stiffs you.  In a bad way, I mean.  Who tries to take the glove off, so to speak.  Who gets rough.”
“Of course, it’s a big deal,” Steve protested, turning towards the cabin with a sweep of his hand in front of him.  “It’s your birthday.  Wait--actually, your birthday’s now, right?  We’re past midnight.  Sorry, my time zones are completely off, I should’ve—damn, I, well—Happy Birthday, Tony.”
“Yes, that.  Is there something alive over there?” Pepper demanded, pointing gingerly and giving the corner of the room a wide berth.
From when Howard hit me and his ring scratched my cheek, Tony mentally corrected, looking up at Steve.
Behind him, the glass doors slid open, and Steve walked in.  Tony’s hand stilled where it held the rangefinder, and he gave Steve what he hoped was an appropriately apologetic, downcast look, only to be rewarded by a pleased grin spreading over Steve’s face.
“You, too, Happy,” Tony replied.  Steve climbed in next to him, and gave Tony a quick, searching look before buckling up.
Tony blinked, turned his head and craned his neck to look up at Steve.  They rarely spoke of it.  Hadn’t, really, since the whole thing with Howard, and even then, Steve hadn’t spoken of it with such vitriol.
“They’re, ah.  They’re—“ Steve started, and Tony really knew the end to that sentence, but he couldn’t bite back the question now.  “Both dead.”
happening to him?--they would probably take to their torches and turn him out of the valley.  True, he planned to leave soon, anyway, but not on those terms.  Once the farm was set to rights and the harvest brought in, he could leave to join Bucky. At least that was his plan.
Steve stared at him a moment longer, then some of the tension ebbed almost imperceptibly out of his shoulders. “Very well. But, if ever you wish to change your mind--”
God, last night…memories flashed across his mind like the pictures that appeared on the screen at that magic lantern show he and Bucky snuck into all those years ago, when such a thing had seemed daring, before either of them knew what daring was.  The magic lantern projected picture after picture, Steve remembered, while the showman and musician added sound effects and music. Sometimes, the pictures on the screen even seemed to
Why was he always one step above Kardashians without Photoshop when he was around Steve?   He’d worry it was self-sabotage, but not even he could manage to be this much of a hot mess without a Karmic assist.
“I’m not afraid,” Steve retorted, the bravado too much of a habit to entirely dispense with, even now, though, in truth, he didn’t know what he was feeling.  Fear, yes, but it was oddly dulled and tempered.  It was too much, all at once, that’s what it was, Steve told himself.  Horror and dread and something else lurking under the surface that scared him almost as much as the realization of who--
“I have wanted to do that all day,” Steve said, mimicking Tony’s words when he finally pulled away.  Tony was looking at him with a flushed, wondrous expression that was almost surprise, though he recovered quickly enough.  “Thank you. For allowing me to accompany you and for…what you did,” Steve said, holding up the lily.
“You want to hear it?  You want to hear about how I can’t draw anymore?  How I can barely make those stupid vases Sam insisted I try?  How some days, my back’s so bad, I gotta choose between the pain or being so doped up on the meds, I can’t think?  How I wake up screaming sometimes because, maybe it was just a loaf of bread, I don’t know? How I hear a car backfiring and I want to duck?  How I look for exits as soon as I walk in a room?  How I have to be at the back of the class, so the wall’s behind me, and not other people?” Steve bit out, slamming his backpack down on the desktop and bracing his knuckles against the wood, rocking back and forth slightly.  “I got nothing to say to you, Tony. That person, the one you fell in love with, the one who hung up Christmas lights with you and ate weight in mustard packets?  The one who wrote those letters?  He’s gone.  He doesn’t exist anymore.   You’re having this fantasy where we go back, pick up where we left off.  There’s nothing to pick up, Tony.  Whatever it was, its gone.  Over.  And you can’t buy it back.  Not even you.  You need to get that through your head.”
“I’m not saying you’re lying, but you have to understand that pretty much no one on the face of the Earth finds my money the least interesting thing about me.  In fact, pretty much the only two people who do just left the room, so there’s that,” Tony replied flatly. “But, okay, then. Then, yeah. If you’re sure you don’t just want to keep it simple.  Not that you can’t change your mind, but, I mean, for now, if you’re sure, then…then, I’m—I’m interested,” Tony stammered, swallowing hard enough for Steve to hear the click of his throat.
Thank you again to @tastes-like-coconut for the beta!  Also to the anon who prompted the idea. I went a little off-script, but it was really fun, so thanks for the suggestion.
Steve breathed out, wide eyes roaming over the armor as his cock rose to stand against the curve of his stomach. Steve stepped forward on somewhat wobbly legs and wrapped his arms around Tony, burying his head in the crook of Tony’s shoulder. “When I first saw you, you were like this,” Steve whispered. “Shiny,” Steve huffed out a low laugh. “I thought you were beautiful. Wanted you then. Wanted to touch you, feel you. Wanted to be yours.”
Steve shook his head helplessly and wrapped his hands behind Tony’s head, threading through the soft curls and drawing Tony’s mouth back down.  He could feel the smile on Tony’s lips as he obediently started suckling again, harder this time, tugging and flicking and working his tongue around the nub while he thrust his cock along Steve’s and through the thatch of hair at Steve’s groin, sending a low, buzzing friction thrumming through Steve’s body.
“Oh, yes, don’t I know it,” Maria nodded with a light laugh.  “But, it’s true.  He did, he loved it. We’d come out here for the week or, well, Jarvis and Ana would bring him out. Get the house ready, you know. Air it out a bit.  Tony used to love playing down on the shore, swimming, hiking—or having an adventure, as he called it—fishing, taking that little boat of his out—whatever it was he and Jarvis got up to, I suppose.  I wish he’d come out and be a bit friendlier,” Maria finished with a small, dissatisfied sigh as she looked over her shoulder for a moment then back out at where the girls were taking turns jumping off the platform’s diving board.
.  Sucking down Tony’s cock into the tight sheath of his throat, using his tongue and mouth on Tony’s hole, licking inside him—
“Is this an ‘Ellis is fine’-fine or do you really want the tortellacci?” Steve asked, eyebrows raised.
“It also tosses pancakes?” Tony replied with a lopsided smile. “I mean, in theory, it will one day be able to throw things like smartmines and grenades, but I figured start at breakfast food and probably work my up, you know?”
Tony spent most of the rest of the day in his garage, mostly going through the LIGO detection data.  Steve joined him with a tray of lunch and his sketchpad tucked under an arm, alternately chewing large bites from his three sandwiches and drawing a charcoal pencil over the sand-colored pad of paper in his lap.
“I’m fine.  Truly. Sorry I woke you,” Steve said.  The horror of the dream was already fading.  A nightmare. Nothing more, Steve told himself.
“There’s actually two of them.  Not one.  Binary system. They just found that out not too long ago.  Hubble,” Tony said, voice echoing inside another yawn.  He really was tired.  Now that the momentary panic of waking up in an empty bed was gone, he could feel the exhaustion creeping back into the edges of his vision.
“Time to go?” Steve asked, his throat clicking tightly around the words.  Shellhead nodded, his face solemn. Steve looked away, towards the sea. Towards home.  “I guess it is, isn’t it?” Shellhead didn’t answer. Steve supposed it wasn’t really a question.
.  Anytime someone said it, he could see it in his mind like it was written on a steamed-up mirror, dripping and distorted and barely there.  He could hear the scrape of a finger on glass, writing it out in wet whorls.
Was this cruelty? Or kindness? Where was the line? It was a manipulation in a way, he couldn’t deny it. Did it matter if it was meant well? Probably not. He didn’t know if this was right or wrong, something he always seemed to know with certainty before arriving here. He just knew what he wanted. What he wanted to say. What he wanted to be true, even if just for a little while.
“Oh, come on, Tony says stupid shit when he’s drunk, don’t give me that. Even Steve knew enough to go try to figure out what was going on, and yeah, the whole restraining order thing is a bitch, I’ll grant you.  Look, can we just blame Howard, or you want to rock-paper-scissors for who has the biggest idiot?” Rhodey asked.
It was already happening, Steve wanted to say, but he just nodded. He could feel it.  This burgeoning warmth and contentment when he looked at Tony. His mind called up an image of Tony asleep in a big bed of white sheets, twisted in a down comforter. His hair was askew, mouth open as he dreamed. The feeling that curled deep inside Steve was like nothing he could name, but it was everything.  Perfect. Tony was
“--you not to try to jack that car, man.  I told you!  Now what are we going to do, huh? What’s your brilliant plan now?” someone said in a loud, agitated voice somewhere to Tony’s left as he slowly worked his way back to consciousness.
Steve tipped his head back and raised himself up until he felt the head of Tony’s cock catch on his rim, then slammed down, hitting the spot deep inside himself.  It was like going under water for a very long time and then finally breaking the surface and drawing in a breath.  The pleasure, the release, the exaltation radiated though his whole body from that single point.  Warm, white streams of fluid spayed across Tony’s chest as Steve worked his hips in a sloppy, faltering rhythm, mouth open to a silent shout.
“I didn’t think you’d come back,” she said after a moment.  “Took Jarvis to get you here.  That was to be expected, I suppose.  I suppose I deserved that.”
“Route 66, not that franchise crap,” Happy interjected firmly.  “They do it right.  Got one a’those brick ovens and everything.”
“Yeah,” Rhodey replied after a beat.  He shucked his helmet and scrubbed a hand over his face where sand stuck in the tracks of beads of sweat, then gave Tony a sharp look.  “Yeah.  He is.”
“Anyone want to tell me what ‘Quera’ is supposed to mean?” Tony finally asked in frustration as they rode, tossing his hands up in the air.
“Good, good, you’re so good, Steve, look at you.  God, you’re amazing.  So sensitive.  Going to get you open, now,” Tony told him, and that was all the warning Steve had before he felt Tony’s slick finger slip inside him to the knuckle.  Steve barely had a moment to adjust before Tony crooked his finger and tugged, then slid it out, only to push in again, this time all the way.  A surge of hot pressure sparked its way down Steve’s cock, curled there at the head and throbbed insistently. The urge to touch himself, to find some kind of friction, was almost too much, and he ground down on Tony’s finger, seeking the sensation of being filled.
“Steve,” Tony repeated, trying the name out.  It was better than having to use the kowtowing honorific some Alphas still preferred, he could admit, though he kind of enjoyed Rogers obviously thrown reaction.  Still, better to stick to names. He strongly suspected, in a weak moment, he’d end up referring to Rogers as Alphalfa, Alf or some other less than respectful variation and that would probably end with his ass black and blue, so best not to tempt fate.
“Did you…enjoy your bath?” the King asked, curling his lip into his mouth before he could smile.  His eyes lit up, crinkling at the edges.  “I hear those are very good for relaxing.  Was it relaxing?” Steve turned slowly to look at the man in disbelief.  He was…teasing him.  The King was teasing him.  About last night.  Steve glared at him.  The King threw back his head and let out a bark of laughter, then clapped his hands together and pointed at the table in front of them.
Tony took that for the permission it was and slowly pressed his finger all the way in, watching as Steve’s hole gripped him, the clear gel oozing out around his finger.  He withdrew his finger to the tip and worked it in and out of Steve’s body until it slid in without resistance, then added a second finger and more lube, easing both in slowly.  He heard Steve grunt lowly and stopped, but then Steve was moving, shifting his body around on the bed and pressing down against Tony’s hand until his fingers were buried deep inside.
“What? Do you even…you know what, never you mind.  Steve, he’s all yours,” Bruce announced, curling his legs under him on his blanket and pulling out his own bag of foodstuffs.
“Don’t talk about my surly, emo son that way,” Tony deadpanned, then ducked his head and scrunched his face together.  “Rhodey, I couldn’t leave him there.  I couldn’t.  Steve—his face when I offered, I--you didn’t see this place, Rhodey.  And Barnes, he’s…I mean, God, he’s obnoxious as shit, sure, and I can’t decide for sure if he hates me or wants to help, but he loves the hell out of Steve, and Steve…he’d do anything for Barnes,” Tony replied.  “Obviously.  And it’s just been all on Steve for so long…” he trailed off, letting the words hang in the phone’s silent condemnation.
“Fine,” Natasha replied.  “Do not upset him, Stark, or I swear to God…” she said, letting the threat hang in the air.
“You’ll call, right?  If anything happens.  Anything, Tony.  You call, okay?  I’ll come.  Don’t wait. Don’t think you can handle it all yourself.  This isn’t on you alone, Tony.  It never was,” Steve reminded him.
. They—they hurt him. They were going to kill him. Hell, we saw it almost happen.   I couldn’t—they don’t get to do that,” Steve snapped at him, the words coming out harsher than he meant them to be. “It’s—I can’t let—they don’t get to do that.”
Right here was glorious, actually, Tony decided, feeling his whole body go limp.  Honestly, what were a couple of scraped knees, really?  He let his chin drop down to his chest and felt a low rumble of a groan in return from Steve, sending a fresh rush of warmth between Tony’s legs.  Tony brushed his hips back experimentally, feeling the hard length of Steve’s cock press into the curve of his bottom.  Steve’s arm tightened around Tony’s waist, holding him there, and fuck, yes, this.  More of this, Tony thought with a helpless moan.
“I know,” Natasha replied, running a soothing hand through the top of Tony’s hair.  “You’re no help to him if you pass out, Tony.”
Steve was aware that his heart was pounding in his chest as if it was trying to chisel through his ribs, and his brow was covered in sweat, though neither of those things seemed to matter.  He sucked in a breath and tried to calm himself, though he found himself reaching for Tony, almost as if his limbs were working of their own accord.
Steve looked across the table at him for a long moment.  There was something about Steve’s gaze that made Tony’s spine prickle, something heavy and…sad.  A different kind of sad than the foot-in-mouth disease that brought up Steve’s parents, more wistful, maybe, Tony wasn’t sure.
“Hey, Tony!” Steve called out, heavy, booted steps tromping down the hallway.  “Where are you?  What’s with the lights?  Are you ok—oh,” Steve broke off, coming to a halt in the bedroom’s doorway.  He was still in his uniform, the star a dazzling white in the center of his chest.  “Oh.”
“God, it’s cold. Is it always this cold?  Who knew my fate would be a half-frozen corpse with a bus-pass?  Page Six will go nuts,” Tony muttered, watching his breath come in puffs that quickly blew away with the wind and rain.
“Uh, yeah,” Tony said, suddenly uncomfortable.  Natasha’s catlike eyes lifted to his and he felt himself swallow around the lump in his throat, a scraping, rough cough coming out as he tried to clear it.  “Yeah. We’re friends.”
But, Tony had been right about something, and there was a stack of letters to a person who didn't really exist nestled next to the ring Steve's great-something grandfather brought over from Ireland after England took all of their potatoes and left them with starvation or starting over as their choices.
I acted like that. I mean, I can, but…it was how you said my name.  Like—like a prayer. Like it was the best thing in the world. Just saying my name.  I don’t know, I’d never—no one had ever made me feel like that. No one else ever has.”
“Morning!” Happy replied, smiling readily.  “Good to see you,” he continued, bobbing his head in greeting, as if he hadn’t dropped Steve off here just last night.  Not for the first time, he wondered what Happy thought about all this.  The man wasn’t nearly as dense as he came across on initial meeting.  They talked on the drive up to Malibu, nothing of consequence, but Steve liked Happy and the nonstop chattering from the front seat gave him a chance to relax and let his mind slowly discard all the worries that seemed to weigh him down whenever he wasn’t with Tony.  Steve was aware of what he was doing, letting time with Tony be the equivalent of a trip into Wonderland, where he didn’t have to think about his responsibilities or wonder about just what the hell he was going to do in that suddenly-not-so-distant place called the future when he didn’t have this.
“Thank you--wait. I don’t recall giving you my name,” Steve said, frowning in confusion as a disquieting certainty that he had not trickled down his spine.
“No, no, you’re right, I know, I know. Just trying to think about us, you know? What’s best for us,” Brock replied. Steve felt the bed shift a bit as Brock turned on his side, facing him.  “I know the last year’s been tough, what with the whole investment company trying to get started and your school thing and all that. Thought it’d be easier after the Army, you know?  All those ‘hire a vet’ things. Loan programs, all that bullshit. What a fucking crock. Where are they when you need them, huh?”
“Well, I wasn’t sure my message was getting through about that, either,” Steve replied, a grudging sort of smile playing over his mouth.
The elevator pinged, making Tony nearly jump out of his skin.  “Ride’s here,” Steve said, sounding completely nonchalant while Tony reeled with, God, he didn’t even know.  Shock? Confusion? Terror? Joy?  Could you experience all of them at once, Tony wondered dazedly as they stepped into the elevator.  Tony felt himself tugged along, almost against his will, and realized that he was still holding Steve’s hand. Though, clawing at Steve’s hand was probably a more apt description, the way his fingers were curled around Steve’s and digging in, as if he let go, he would fall.
Steve’s stomach twisted at Tony’s words. The room seemed to sway. His traitorous cock jumped, trailing fluid beneath it. Tony let out a dark, low chuckle. “Should I have had you lift your robes right then and there and taken you over my lap for your outburst? Would you have enjoyed that? Letting them all see that gorgeous ass of yours get reddened until you couldn’t sit?”
“Fine.  Fine, just do me a favor and keep it out of the papers, okay?” Pepper pleaded.  “Someone at the Times already has a whiff that something’s going on with you, so keep your head down.  To the extent that is humanly possible for you.  Or, Tony, you know it’s going to come back on Steve.”
“Speaking of change, I hear you’re trying to move Stark Industries away from the weapons business,” Steve said, making it a question.  “You could always tell the Stark tech from the other gear, though we grunts didn’t exactly get to play with the really fun stuff.”
They’d dated for almost three years.  Okay, well, technically, they only started dating when Tony was nineteen. He had just started grad school at MIT, but in his head, Tony liked to think that he and Steve really started out in those two minutes of heavy-duty flirtation Tony had hit Steve with during one of Howard’s boring dinner parties right before Tony put down the glass of Scotch and admitted to being sixteen.   That had been a great two minutes, Tony remembered with a fond sigh.
“I’ll bet,” the King began, voice raspy and thick.  “I could make you come on my tongue.  What do you think?  Should we try that one day?  Keep you spread, with my tongue inside you until you begged for release?  Keep you this close, right on the edge, for hours?  You’d be so beautiful like that,” the King continued, circling the pad of his thumb around Steve’s hole.  “Or on my hand.  You could come on my hand, I think.  Wouldn’t even take much effort.  You’re so responsive.  God, the sounds you give me.  You should hear yourself.  The way your body shakes when you get overwhelmed.  That blush.  It’s going to be the death of me, I swear.  Would you like that?” he asked, low and husky-voiced as he slipped a finger all the way inside Steve’s body and pumped it in and out in long, slow strokes.  “To come on my hand?”
“Oh!” Tony shouted, sounding almost surprised as his cock jerked in Steve’s hand and spurted a long stream of white across Steve’s arm and belly.
“Food first, then a bath for you,” Tony said as he gently wiped the warm, wet cloth over Steve’s skin before pulling the blanket back into place.  “I’ve sent for Cam to attend you while I’m at dinner,” he said with a grimace. “If you need me, you are to send for me immediately, do you understand?”
Another knock at the door announced the arrival of a tray of food and pitcher of freshly-squeezed fruit juice.  Cam brought Steve a robe and slippers, and kept up a chatter of conversation--mostly about horses--while Steve ate and Tony dressed.  When he emerged, resplendent in his dark brown longcoat, red and gold sash studded with ornate, jeweled pins, breeches and crown, Steve found he couldn’t quite look away.
One night, they ended up debating Watership Down until two o’clock in the morning, when Steve finally conceded Tony’s point that, for the Omega rabbits, Hazel or Woundwort didn’t make much of a difference.  Granted, Steve’s admission came in the form of getting up and leaving the room, but the next day, Steve sat down at breakfast, put the book in front of Tony’s plate of biscuits and admitted he’d spent the night looking for instances where Hazel listened to any of the Omegas and hadn’t found any, much to Steve’s obvious discomfort.
Steve winced, and frowned sharply at Brock.  He knew Brock knew.  He knew Brock knew, because Brock had woken him up a couple of times when he was too loud and sent him to the sofa to sleep.  It hurt, stinging like a long, thin cut to his stomach, so real, he actually looked down, half expecting to see blood pooling on the front of his shirt.
the creature.  It was strange to think of it as a friend, but he didn’t know what else to call it.  Assuming he hadn’t slipped into insanity and this was just some fever dream in his mind, he supposed there was no better word for it.  Steve ducked down under the water for a beat before coming up and shaking the water out of his hair. He looked over at the creature again where it bobbed in the waves, watching him.
This was little stuff.  He knew that.  It didn’t even matter to Tony, not really, Steve knew that. Tony cared about power grids and robots and whatever it was he was ordering right and left for his machine, his CAD, that was what Coulson called it, when Steve thought it sounded magical, but hadn’t wanted to say so.   He knew none of this was actually important.
“You do pretty good talking to me,” Tony observed.  “I mean, we’ve practically solved the global energy crisis, debated appropriate condiment application, and I threatened you with battery by chocolate, but it isn’t like we don’t talk.”
“Captive audience, is that it? Great.  Thanks,” Steve said with a fond grimace and shake of his head.
“Tony, does Steve have a mark?” Bruce asked the question softly, like it didn’t want to be asked. “That would’ve been my go-to. If I were Erskine, I mean. Someone who can’t Bond…you don’t have to worry about the effects of the serum. He’d already seen what it could do if he picked the wrong kind of person. Love and hate, they’re not opposites. Believe me. Whatever went wrong with Schmidt, maybe he thinks,” Bruce went on, hands clenching and unclenching around his clipboard, and Tony wondered what it was like to have to carry your anger as a sword and a shield, but never being able to lay either down. “Maybe he thinks he needs to avoid the risk. Tens of thousands of young men enlisting, and Erskine picks Steve…I mean, sure, he’s a great guy, but come on. Erskine picked him for a reason. Something he wasn’t telling Phillips and the rest of them, but he tapped Steve to be the one from the moment he met him at that recruitment center. What made Steve so special? Maybe it wasn’t something he had. Maybe it was something he was missing.”
The star was getting bigger now.  A big, bright, fast-moving dot. Two trains leaving the station. The thought had a strange, haphazard sort of familiarity to it, but he couldn’t place it.  He should probably get out of here, he realized as the star got closer. This could be dangerous. He should leave. He should go, but he couldn’t move, not just yet--God, he just needed a minute to catch his breath.  Just catch his breath. Just a minute. This is a very important minute, he thought.
The kiss turned hard, mouths devouring, claiming.  Tony’s hand wound into Steve’s hair, angling his head, and the other was wrapped around Steve’s shoulders, pulling him closer.  Somehow, Steve managed to get his hands between them and fumble at the remaining unopened buttons on Tony’s shirt. He couldn’t get the tiny damn things to cooperate, and he needed to touch Tony so badly, it was all he could think about, so he just pulled, sending the buttons pinging to parts unknown.  He felt Tony’s warm laugh echo against his mouth and smiled, then flicked his tongue at Tony’s lips until they parted again.
A shiver that had nothing to do with fear raced up Steve’s spine and his cock twitched against the soft towel.  The King wanted him.  For now.  That much was sure.  Had the King himself not said that he could be generous to those who pleased him?  Perhaps that generosity could extend to Cam, Steve thought.  If pleasing the King was what it took, he would do it, he told himself, even as the thought sent a low, pulsing throb spiking through him.
“I guess,” Tony equivocated.  He wasn’t in the mood to give her what she was looking for.  Some kind of absolution from him that the happenstance of his happiness could provide.  Let her pat herself on the back that her son’s Alpha was some big to-do at SHIELD, and so what if he didn’t hand out Rolexes, Alice, look at SI’s stock prices since we hitched our son to this little red, white and blue wagon.  Plus, we’re diversified, you bitch, Tony snorted, then scrubbed a hand over his mouth to cover it.
“No, no, it’s fine.  I shouldn’t have—I shouldn’t have done that,” Tony replied, finding he meant it.  That had been a boneheaded move, for any number of reasons.  “Nothing to be sorry about, Cap,” Tony assured him, probably too quickly for it to be entirely believable.  “Look, it’s late.  Long night.  We’re both tired.  Let’s just…can we just forget this?  I don’t know what the hell I was thinking. I wasn’t thinking, let’s just leave it at that, okay?”
“Dude, pay attention.  That one was almost in the fucking bubble,” Barton crowed with mock horror though the comm.  “Doom clearly did not get your memo.  And it had bullet points and everything.”
“That’s right.  Not much call for artists once the War got on,” Steve said.  He floated for a few more minutes, then felt one of the tentacles tickle at his hand where it floated next to his side. “Hey, what are you--” he started, rolling a bit and putting his feet down as the creature pushed his hand out of the water and coiled its tentacle around it.  One of the suckers on the end held a small stick that it must have picked up from the bottom, which it shoved between Steve’s fingers. He barked out a surprised laugh.
Tony turned on the kitchen faucet and watched the water flow into the sink. Running water. Running.  Was he running?  He didn’t know.  He didn’t know what this was.  Something had changed though, in that cave, and he couldn’t go back.  Worse, he wasn’t sure if he wanted to, and what did that say about him?  He splashed the cold water onto his face, then grabbed for the red-checkered kitchen towel that hung from the cabinet door and wiped it across his face.  For a moment, he could taste water in the back of his throat, fetid and metallic, filling his nose and mouth and closing off his airway.  His throat burned with the scrape of sand that wasn’t there.  He closed his eyes, forced himself to swallow past the taste that wasn’t really there, coughed and spit into the sink, a glob of saliva that had nothing in it.  Of course, it didn’t.
“Free licks!  Sorry.  Sorry, I couldn’t help myself.  I loved that shirt.  Okay, calling now.  Don’t get all grumpy,” Tony said, pulling out his phone and punching Happy’s number.  “Hey, Happy.  Yeah, can you come pick us up at the corner of What Were We Thinking and We’re Too Good Looking For This?  What?  No, I’m—no, those are not real street names. God, put down the MAPCO.  Did you find that thing next to a couple of stone tablets with like, say, around ten strongly worded suggestions on them?  Look, I’m sending the GPS coordinates to your phone. Just do what the soothing voice tells you,” Tony said, shooting Steve an exasperated look.  “He’s on his way.  Maybe.”
“That was… that was just... we were talking,” Steve tried, feeling heat creeping up his cheeks as he vividly recalled stumbling headlong into a conversation with Tony that he hadn’t quite meant to have thanks to Tony’s entirely too perceptive questions.
“What I get out of it?” Tony bit out.  “I get—“ he broke off, grinding his teeth together in an effort to keep the words in.  What did he get?  He got the devil you know, he supposed with a dull pang that seemed to shake through his whole body.  The one sitting next to him, who had at least made a show of trying.  “It would be an honor to be your Omega, Captain,” Tony said stiffly.
Tony didn’t know, actually.  He had no idea what Steve was talking about.  It was an odd way to put it, but Tony thought he understood where Steve was coming from.  He climbed out of the barstool and circled around the counter to reach Steve, finding himself pulled into a tight embrace without a word.  He clung to Steve or Steve to him, he wasn’t sure it mattered.  Finally, Tony peeled his head back and tipped his neck back to look up at Steve.
, I think this is my decision, and I say we lawyer up, Rogers,” Barnes said, grinning in a cat-got-the-canary kind of way.  “Be nice to your husband.  He’s trying to help. Don’t get annoyed because it’s actually effective.  He hates admitting he could use some help.  Probably on account of people always thinking he couldn’t do much of anything when he was all sick and
“Tony?” Obie called out, glancing around the suite.  “Ah. There you are. Breathe. Easy, easy,” Obie soothed as he walked over and bent down low over where Tony reeled limply against the sofa like a marionette with its strings cut.  “You remember this one, right?” Obie asked, holding up a small device that fit neatly in the palm of his hand. “It’s a shame the government didn’t approve it. There are so many applications for causing short-term paralysis.”
That was why they cheered.  Because it was the happy ending of the story.  The handsome King waited to carry his prize back to his Castle.  It was both a beautiful lie and a terrible truth, Steve thought as his eyes dropped to the white lily Tony held in his hand.  Tony was waiting for him, making a show of it, deliberately telling everyone how much Steve meant to him, and this, as much as any observations on defense, was why Tony wanted him along today, Steve realized with a sharp jolt.  It was a performance, true, but it was also real, for Tony, in his way.  Tony communicated his feelings in grand gestures and quiet, unsung moments of devotion as if there was nothing in between.
He released one more breath and pushed himself to move. He needed to get Jamie from Julie, needed to check on Peter, who was with Wade. He knew that Phil was with Mary and William at the hospital, and Steve would wait for the word from the Agent before venturing down there. After he lost his own Mother, he knew that sometimes you just needed space, but he still held out hope that the surgery would go well. As Steve moved to the elevators, he was already thinking of ways to triple check the security measures with Jarvis.
Tony gripped his watch face on his wrist, taking a giant step backwards, and pulled out the frame work for his latest experiment. The metal latched his fingers, repulsor gauntlet assembling in nearly a second around his hand, and lifted it up as he saw a gun being grabbed by his attacker. He raised his hand and let out a sonic pulse, making the guy stumble back, disorientating him for a bit. Steve came up behind the guy, wrapping an arm around his neck and trying to pull him back away from Tony.
"Only in the broadest of senses," Tony told him. "I can never remember if I've mentioned this, but I was just that guy who shows up for the first two years of Peter's life. I maybe saw him a grand total of thirty-five times a year. A Year, Steve." He poured in some fresh coffee ground, and grabbed the pot to get water. "I missed out on a lot, and I didn't really learn the basics that well. The most I did was a change a diaper, but I can literally count the number of times I've done that on both hands." He sighed a little and started to coffee maker. "Mary keeps telling me that I'm not allowed to say this to myself anymore, but I really wasn't a great father. But, I stepped up. Took a really shitty reason, but I did it, and I wish I could have kicked my younger self in the ass for wasting those first two years. I'm never getting those back."
"That, I'm not sure about." Mary took her bag from Steve's hand, dropping it on the couch, then jingled the keys a bit. "Let's get you over to your place now, though. My life isn't nearly as entertaining as some of the things that you'll discover in this time." Steve nodded and followed her out of the apartment, reaching forward to hold the door open as she walked through. "Word of advice, Captain, never lose your sense of manners," Mary said smiling. She walked across the hall and used the keys from the new keychain to open the door, but this time held it open for Steve to walk in first.
Coulson had already been in to check on Mary, his usual chair had a blanket draped over it, with a tablet sitting on the seat. Tony put his own tablet on the bedside table, glanced on the bed, then let himself, gently, flop down next to Mary on the bed. If it weren't for the oxygen mask on her face, it would look like she was just sleeping.
"Mmm, I don't know," Tony turned his eyes to Steve. He got up, standing behind Peter and Wade. He crossed his arms, Peter and Wade copying him, all three looking at Steve now. "I don't know if we can turn this scrappy blonde into a handsome man. I may have used all my magic on you two boys. What do you think?" Steve turned a deadpan expression to Tony.
“War Machine, Falcon, be careful,” Tony warned, jumping back on comms. “Getting some weird readings out here, and the last projectile just vanished in thin air. Might be looking at something like a portal that Thor uses.”
"Actually," Tony breathed, trusting his gut feeling, "I don't know to trust right now. Till further notice, why don't we just keep everything on my private server?"
"Yeah, but what other choice did we have?" Steve asked wearily. "By the time one of us, or anyone else on the team, would have gotten out there, Wilson would have been gone."
Steve looked at him, cowl off and by the shield, and raised an eyebrow. Tony shifted on his seat, moving closer to Steve. His elbow bumped up Steve's then suddenly he was sliding the baby into his arms, hovering below, and watching as Steve practically curled around the baby to make she he didn't drop her. His eyes were wide as he looked at Tony. Tony vaguely thought that this was how Mary felt when she did the same to Tony so many years ago. It had been fun.
"I've got something special to show you, little man," Tony said, adjusting Peter in his arms. The boy was growing quickly, and soon he wouldn't be able to hold him like this for long, but Tony would keep doing it as long as he could. "Only one other person knows about this, and that's Rhodey. You remember, Rhodey right?" Peter nodded, sitting up a little in Tony's arms.
"Enough to see me enjoying a song," she chuckled, hooking the keys of her car to one of her belt loops. "I'm not going to pretend that what I was doing was dancing, and it's not the first time I've gotten odd looks, I just really like music."
Tony jumped over the back of the couch, sitting on the opposite end to face Meg. "I have theories about that show, and I need to talk about them with someone other than Steve."
“Thank you, Thor,” Steve told him. The doors opened, back to his old floor, where everyone was still waiting.
"Remember the animals you guys fought? The first they popped up?" Tony asked, turning on the bed so the two of them were facing each other. "The same day that assassin popped up, who's still on radio silence." Steve nodded, he very much remembered that day. "I'm pretty sure that was when they made breakthroughs on their experiments. And I'm not completely sure yet, but I got an early peek at some of Bruce's tests, and I know enough about DNA to know that in that sample of whatever, it was human. I'm pretty sure they're doing human experiments now."
"Exactly," Mary said, looking at him. "Tony can't go out and pick up Peter last minute, and Tony is wonderful with electronics, and science in general. "We've decided that a lot of it is stuff that we don't want Peter experimenting with until he's at least eight or nine. I'd prefer thirteen, but Peter is extraordinarily smart." Mary grabbed a water bottle, throwing one to Steve, and grabbing one for herself. "Tony's company keeps him busy, a lot of the time. So, when Peter suddenly starts talking about the new neighbor,..." She trailed off, letting Steve finish the thought.
"Yeah, kind of figured that out," Tony breathed out. "Alright, so, how do we fix this?" Tony leaned in towards his computer, closing his eyes briefly from a wave of dizziness. "First, something to counteract this, because I can't keep feeling like this if I haven't ingested copious amounts of alcohol."
Tony smirked at her a bit and walked in when she stepped back from the door. "Pepper will be putting out a statement in another hour about that," he told her. "Steve told me that there was a cell phone video of the attack on the internet."
"Ah, so they attacked you," Tony said with amusement from the entryway of the living room. Steve turned to look at him, seeing him in board shorts and a blank tank-top. He threw a bundle of clothes at Steve, and he caught them on reflex. "There's a changing room inside the pool room, I'm pretty sure those trunks should fit you. Come on, Soldier, before they come back and attack you with pool noodles."
“Oh, this is going to be fun,” Tony said quietly with a little smirk. “You know, I think the staff can get the rest of this, just drop it off in the Penthouse. I have to see Meg about a business contract, and oh, hey, Steve, why don’t you come with me?”
But! Here's a chapter, and while writing it I came out with something that I hope is going to end up being a really awesome thing that carries on through the rest of this story, and into the rest of the series, something that will bond Steve and Tony through adorableness and awkwardness. It's going to be awesome, I hope. Research was put into it, fun research. Gift fic for the first person to figure out what it is? :D
Steve stared back at Bucky, not moving, expressions not changing. Bucky stared back in the exact same position. These two were the Steve and Bucky from before the war, stubborn boys from Brooklyn who both thought they were right and didn’t want to back down. Tony was sure that they would stand there for hours if given the chance. Jamie apparently didn’t want to give them that chance.
Tony blinked, then let out a snort, then suddenly he was laughing. "Sorry, that shouldn't that funny, but I'm just picturing you snapping them like taffy." Steve smiled softly and Tony couldn't help but smile back. Tony slipped both bracelets over his good hand. "I'll put the other on the other hand when I get the all clear for this wrist."
"Ahh," Steve nodded, trying to keep a knowing smile off of his face. "I didn't think you ever slept."
“I attempted to disrupt a connection, really a hostile takeover of his mind, and they attempted to pull him back to them,” Strange started to explain. Steve attempted to follow. Having Tony around made it easier for him to start to understand how the updated tech worked, but magic was something, almost, entirely new. Something that his scientific boyfriend refused to put any credence too. “His nightmares are not that at all, but actually his visions are him being used.”
Steve was sitting alert on the couch, a cold chill curling in his gut, moments before all hell broke loose. Peter was sitting in Coulson's lap, they were watching Tony on stage, he was talking about the Stark Tower. Steve personally couldn't stand the building, but that was his bias talking. He had spent the last three actively avoiding Tony Stark, telling himself that he just needed to deal with his thoughts and feelings on the matter. That excuse ran out three weeks after he had confronted Mary.
"I like blueberries, too," Tony said, smiling, as he shut off the recording. He turned on the mobile data on his phone, and sent the video to Rhodey. He was glad that he had gone through all the messages at the mansion before coming over.
"When you have the suit on, yes," William agreed. "But right now, you're Tony, not even Tony Stark. You're human, and you have a son to take care of. Steve isn't always Captain America, and Mary is always Agent Parker." Tony looked at William, and his shoulders suddenly sagged, the weight of the man’s words hitting him. He was right, and he was utterly exhausted with it all. He had been working non-stop since before the Expo, and then Vanko had happened. That was enough to wipe him out alone, but then Loki had appeared, and he had to change the arc reactor on the fly. Tony was immensely grateful for Bruce on that front.
Tony had his newest suit, Mark XIX standing by the main entrance, balloons in hand, a party hat on the helmet. He assured the parents that all weapon systems were offline, and it was on limited mobility. Basically, it could bend over and hand someone a balloon and a hat, that's it. Really, this was a way for Tony to test the suit, to see how far he had come in making a suit that could take orders when he wasn't inside of it.
"He's with Peter right now, but he said he should only be a couple of minutes." Steve glanced over at the bedroom door.
Steve smiled at Peter and Wade, holding onto the Starkpad. "Hi Mr Steve!" They both chorused together.
“Sylvy,” she said quietly, and her ribbons moved forward, brushing over his face, neck and arms. Steve stayed still for it all, just giving her a small smile. “Sylveon.”
"Tell him we're dealing with it," Steve said. Dealing with Fury was not what Tony needed as well. They were still going to be dealing with the aftermath of the invasion as well. "Under no circumstances is Fury allowed to talk with Tony right now."
"Bruce!" He burst through the door to the workshop, causing Bruce to jump, even though he had known the man was on his way. "Bruce, I figured it out! Where's the model for the Expo?"
“You’re more than welcome to come see what’s up,” he answered as he hopped down the stairs. He didn’t look back to see if she was following, but saw Vee hop up to the Eevee Table. Tony blinked when he realized what had happened.
“Luckily for me, I don’t have to explain my actions to you,” Steve practically spat out. he then turned his gaze back to Strange. “What exactly is an infinity stone?”
The bedroom door almost creaked, which should have been impossible, and Steve was moving from the side of the bed, hand reaching for a shield that wasn’t there. He stood in front of the bed, trying to block Tony and Jamie, and frowned. A young man and woman were standing in the room, but Steve recognized them. From the pictures that Tony had pulled up after they had rescued him from Baron Strucker.
“Stop working,” Steve replied, snaking his other arm around Tony. “Some on, we’re taking a few days off, while Peter and Wade are in school so they don’t actually notice that we’re missing.” Tony leaned up so Steve didn’t have to lean so far over the couch. He tilted his head to catch Steve’s lips. “Mmmm,” Steve smiled. “More of that, but in Malibu, when we’re alone.”
"Of course, Sir." Tony smiled a little at Jarvis' voice, and went over, opening the door, catching an arm full of little boy.
“Daddy?” Peter looked up when the two men walked in, getting up and scrambling over to them, wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist. “Is everything alright?”
"You mean awesome, he'll be Awesome." Tony pointed at Rhodey. "Good job on the present by the way, he loved it."
Bruce brought up a screen, using the holographic controls to slide it over to Tony's screen and Coulson leaned in as well to look at it. While he wasn't sure what exactly he was looking at, Tony had an idea. "That doesn't look nearly as stable," he murmured out. "You used Steve's sample for this test?"
Steve backed up a bit in the hallway as he heard Mary walking closer to the door. When she walked out, Jamie’s eyes were already at half-mast, but she saw him instantly and sat up in Mary’s arms. “Papa!” She squealed happily, and Mary chuckled a little.
"Working on a secret project, are we, Sir?" Tony raised an eyebrow, thinking that the AI sounded a little sassy.
"Going to stick with the six month estimate?" Bruce said, moving to sit on the floor now, his back resting against the couch.
"Are you gonna come swimming with us, Daddy?" Peter asked, both boys looking up at him with brown eyes shining.
"That was a little different." Tony raised an eyebrow at her. "I didn't have a choice, I needed the pay raise." Tony opened his mouth but Mary put a finger to his lips. "You know that I wouldn't have just accepted your money."
“Jamie! Awesome!” They all turned when they heard Wade. Tony glanced down and noticed that Jamie was no longer in front of him. Peter was holding his arms out, Wade slowly moving towards him, and between them, Jamie was babbling softly, walking towards Peter. She let out a squeal when Peter caught her.
Tony hummed a little in thought. “Maybe a couple of hours. Suppose it’s time that Jamie woke up, if we want any chance of sleeping through the night at least.”
"I'm sorry, I'm going to need you to repeat that?" Mary was sure that it was a mistake that they would make her Captain America's Handler.
“It’s awesome!” Peter exclaimed. Tony cackled as he put the shoes on him, and peter pulled on the jacket. “I look just like Sora!”
"Stop it you sweet talker, you," Steve smiled at Tony. "I love being told that I'm a guinea pig for your experiments."
Golden orange light reached out for him, seeming to sneak in past the bubble of space that he was sure he was wrapped in. Sparks of red and green burst on the sides, and Tony wanted to reach out to it. “Not safe. Can’t keep you safe,” the voice called out.
"We found out that Peter has an allergy to peanut butter," Tony said simply, and watched Mary freeze in her movements. "Jarvis thinks that it's probably a nut and peanut allergy, but I wasn't about to find out...."
Pepper had a moment of déjà vu when she was led to Tony’s bedroom, the other Gems on around him on the floor with Morgan in his lap. Ruby hurried over to lay down next to her sister, putting her head on his knee. Pepper walked over to the bed, sitting behind Tony, and started to run her hands through his hair. “What happened, Tony?”
"I don't know who it was that was speaking, Loki never told me any names," Tony continued, snapping Steve back to the present. "Just said that he knew what it was like. It was the same one who gave him the scepter, and now it was aware of me."
"Thanks, Bruce." Tony pushed himself up, leaving the patio, taking a turn and walking out into the gardens. He could hear the voices of Peter and Wade, it sounded like they were playing tag or something, and Tony knew just where to head. He turned through some bushes, to the center of the garden where there were chairs, and a large circular area that his mother had set up for entertaining. Rachel was sitting in one of the chair, underneath the large umbrella, while William was walking around, Peter holding onto one leg, and Wade holding onto the other. Tony smiled as he watched them.
"I have that!" Tony said hurrying into his pantry. He came back out with a little bottle, and an orange.
“Come to Daddy!” Tony said as he reached over to pull Jamie from the mobi wrap around Steve’s chest. “I’ll just take that wrap as well, you won’t be needing it for a bit.” Steve looked at Tony, a bit worried. “It’s a good thing that we had lunch a few hours ago.”
"Till the end of the line," Bucky whispered back. He ran his flesh hand over his face and let out a sigh. "I can't promise anything, Steve. I'm still working out who I am, it's hard, and it's probably going to take a while." He looked up at the blonde, seeing those blue eyes. "I can still feel the Soldier, always lurking right at the edge of my mind. I have to try and separate him, from me. Dame out there said that it would help me not get so overwhelmed."
"There's only one God, ma'am," Steve said, a little bit of his 40's manners shining through. "And I'm pretty sure he doesn't dress like that."
“I have a very strong feeling that Peter is going to come in here as soon as he gets done taking a shower.” Tony managed to slip the vest off, and Steve was helping him pull the undershirt off.
“That’s a little weird.” He put out one finger, pressing backwards on Wade’s head before he could grab the mint from Bucky’s hand.
"NO!" His eyes shot open as he pushed the person that was over him. His chest hurt, he couldn't breathe, but there was light around him. He heard a gasp and he sat up quickly and saw Mary's mother, Rachel, stumbling back, holding onto the edge of the bed, her eyes wide.
The shockwave, and the sound that came with it, was nothing like any of them had felt before. There was a bright flash, the clang of two unbreakable metals clashing, and a force that push Thor back to the ground. Steve stood up, letting his legs understand was standing was again, his arm tingling and vibrating with the hit, and looked at the other two, as they slowly pushed themselves back up to the ground. They all surveyed the forest, and the damage that had been done. The shockwave doing as much damage as Stark and Thor had done on their own.
“Dad told me about him all the time,” he told her, like he was telling her a secret. “He was a good man. He must have loved you though, for you to wait all this time.” She nodded a little, nudging his hand a little to keep petting her. “If you’ll let me, I want to be your friend.” Eevee moved closer to him, her back paws on his legs, while her front paws landed on his chest. She leaned up to lick his cheek a couple of time, pulling a small smile from the boy. “I know I can’t be him for you, but I’ll try my best, Vee.”
“Eugene Fitzherbert,” Steve insisted, biting his lip when Tony pushed back against him with his body, backing him up against the wall. “Eugene gets the girl, and becomes a Prince.”
“Always asking the big questions,” Tony said approvingly. “Well, the Princes from Snow White and Cinderella are just right out, they like, don’t talk at all.” Peter nodded as Tony talked. “He’s kind of like Prince Eric, but the hair is just all wrong, plus I don’t think he would have fallen for Ursula’s scheme.”
"Making it smaller means giving away your job?" Mary leaned back in her seat, watching him closely. Tony had to remember that she used to work the FBI, and now worked with SHIELD; he couldn't give anything away.
Steve held onto Jamie, bringing her as close to his chest as he could. He didn’t like all these people in the Tower, in their bedroom, so close to Tony, and their daughter. Technically enemies. He wasn’t lying before; he wasn’t sure if Jarvis had alerted the other in house Avengers yet, or not. Her certainly would have put Mary and Coulson’s floor on lockdown at the very least. He watched as Wanda’s fingers almost danced near Tony’s temples, the red reaching out. Watched Strange’s hands hover over hers. Saw green wisps dance between the two pairs of hands, connecting their fingers with sparks. Then Tony’s body gave a jerk.
"That's no fun! You didn't do horribly, but when Mary spun you, you almost did a face plant. But, really Steve, how does someone mess up the Time Warp when Tony Stark was teaching you?"
“It wasn’t awesome,” Bucky said with a slight frown. “You aren’t supposed to get hurt while doing this.”
Tony started to run, getting closer, and saw the taller figure with his back to him. The figure, the man, was wearing a suit, no, a black tuck. The hair was cropped close to the back of his head, dark, with grey streaked through. Tony knew the stance, he knew the suit, the hair, and he stopped running. Howard Stark.
“The kids?” Tony asked. Steve tried to remember that being photographed was nothing new to Tony, it had been happening to him practically since birth. He had told Steve that he didn’t care what they said about him, or what pictures they took of him, as long they didn’t drag Steve, or the kids, through the mud as well.
"It's Mary," she reminded, pulling out two glasses and setting them on the counter, then pulled open a drawer to pull out a couple sets of silverware.
Steve's eyes widened when he saw the kid pull the stunt, like it wasn't dangerous at all. Tony must have felt the same way. "They're inseparable at school, because apparently Wade spends a lot of time in detention for, inventive, stunts."
Tony let out a little sigh, smiling, and nodding. "Alright, but when you spend the night at my place-"
Steve frowned now as he moved closer to her bed. "I think you'd better explain what's going on." He noticed a bit of guilt flash through her eyes.
"Does his mother not want you around?" Yinsen asked he moved the marble pieces, handing the cup and dice over to Tony and taking his own water mug.
"I can't let you do that, Clint," she said, stopping, not flinching as the cold barrel met her forehead.
"Engage Heads Up Display," Tony said, watching the blue lights appear in his vision, the camera coming online to give him a full view of the garage, instead of only what he could see through the eye holes. "Import all preferences from home interface." Jarvis confirmed as Tony looked around, taking his first few steps on the ground. "Alright, what do you say?"
"Sorry, just, my mind wandered a little," Tony said softly. "Listen, I'm serious, you go in there first and I'll make sure everything is set up with the doctors, get them whatever they need. Gotta check in with Petey, too." Tony pulled his hand back and was heading down the hallway at a quick pace, leaving a slightly stunned Steve in his place.
"Yes, Sir. Shall I direct them towards the kitchen?" His AI asked, and Tony shook his head. He put a hand out as a wave of dizziness floated through his head. "Sir?"
Tony took them to the end of the hallway, to the wooden double doors. Tony reached up, and slid part of the wood panel above the door open, a key dropping into his hand. He unlocked the door, one hand on the handle, then slid the key back into the little compartment, hiding it once again. Steve caught a faint smell of dust as they stepped into the room, Tony shutting the door behind them. There was a large oak desk in the center of the room, a plush, old, leather chair tucked in behind it. There were books coverings the shelves behind the desk that ran the length of the wall, a large window with the curtains drawn to the left of the desk, and a leather couch to the right.
"Steve, I didn't tell you I was wearing a lavender." Mary's eyes widened a little when a song started to play. "Suddenly a familiar song." That asshole had this planned out. It was even the cast version of
He pulled up the picture of a blue cube, then put his finger out, gripping it and the hologram jumped into his hand. Tony turned it, frowning. Tesseract. This is what Howard had found while he was searching for Captain America, he had seen it mentioned in Howard's notebooks.
"It's not intruding. We know that you guys weren't able to be here for Peter's last birthday, so we wanted to surprise him this year." Tony opened the door for them, letting the couple get in first, before climbing in and sitting across from them. "I know that Peter's going to be ecstatic to see you both."
He heard Arc huff and turned the other way. Vee was not happy, so Steve wrapped an arm around her to hold her. Something made a little moan, turning in Arc’s fur. Tony. And Ruby. Tony was sleeping against his Arcanine. He tilted his head a little, looking at the genius. He was dressed down, probably falling asleep as soon as he got off the jet, and his face looked peaceful. Soft and relaxed for probably the first time that Steve had ever seen it. He caught Arc’s eyes who looked comfortable enough, especially with Ruby sleeping on the top of his head.
"Captain." Tony nodded a little to him, Romanoff landing the Quinjet behind them. And Tony may have gotten a little satisfaction when he saw the Captain grab Loki by the back of the neck, pulling him up, and practically shoving him into a seat on the jet. There was no special treatment coming to this man, and he deserved none.
Steve paused for a second on the first floor, ears picking up a sound, and he was moving for the back door of the house. Whatever had happened before Steve had gotten downstairs, reinforcements were now headed for them through the front door He kicked open the back door, and put his arm with the shield around Wade as well to keep him protected, just in case. He heard the front door slamming open just as he was darting across the grass, going for the same spot that he had jumped the wall previous.
Tony stood up with him, pulling him into a soft kiss. "You go get her back to sleep, and I'll meet you in the bedroom, okay? We'll try and get some sleep."
“I hope I’m not interrupting anything?” Coulson asked before Mary shook her head, and he walked into the bedroom. He walked over to the other side of Mary, leaning down to give her a kiss. “I was going through some paperwork, getting the forms that you’ll eventually need for when you decide to come back to work, and there was just something that bothered me about them.”
"You've got this on lock down?" Tony jumped at the sound of a new voice in his workshop, hitting his head on the chest piece of the Mark VII armor. He turned around, hand on his head, until he saw Bruce standing there, large hiking backpack on his shoulder, couple of duffle bags in his hands.
"At the closest Manhattan Community Center," Tony said. "I'm going to remind them all that this isn't about me, or the Avengers, or any of that. This is still about rebuilding, and making sure that everyone is safe, and has a home again."
Steve took a second to consider it, letting Tony pull him into the garage. “You may have a valid point.”
"Open the new project file, the Mark II," Tony said as he moved to the multiple monitors on his desk.
Whatever it was, whatever had passed into him with that scepter, it took his worst fears and gave them life. It played with him, then gave him a solution, just within his grasp, but with a price. It tested you to see how far you were willing to go, and it knew how far Tony was willing to go now to keep Peter safe. Tony had shown it his weak points, and it was relentless in its attacks. Even as Tony fought he could hear the whispers, could see the images of Peter in his mind, saw Tony, older, as Howard; and it told him that none of that would happen if he only accepted the power they offered him.
It was a smaller room, with a couple of loveseats, some lamps, and a baby grand piano in front of the expansive glass windows. It was a sparse room, but Tony seemed to like it that way. Steve had never seen Tony utilize the room, until now. Tony sat in front of the piano, one hand out, fingers dancing across the keys, and Steve leaned against the wall to watch him. He wasn’t playing a full song, just plucking at the keys, but there was some kind of intention behind the movements.
“Nothing wrong with liking those cooking competitions, just as long as you don’t try putting me on one.”
"I wasn't going to wear them at first," Steve admitted, looking down at his matching blue converse. "I tried on the dress shoes, then tried these on, and I have to admit that these are far more comfortable."
This Tony, where he didn't feel he had to hide completely, this was who Steve felt drawn, too. Steve knew why they had clashed on the Helicarrier, because they were thrown together in a situation where both hadn't trusted each other, and were both angry about what they had been hiding. Honestly, Steve had been willing to just leave after they had won the battle. He would have helped with the cleanup of the city, then gone back to his apartment, and keep the distance that he and Tony had. Steve was very glad that hadn't work out like that. He figured that he and Tony would clash still, like they had on their second date, but Tony was one to push back when he didn't agree with something. Steve liked the challenge.
"Tony." Tony's eyes moved to look back at the man, the traitor, trying to pour every ounce of hatred into his gaze. "When I ordered the hit on you, I was worried that I was killing the golden goose." Obidiah reached over, towards where Peter was, his Peter, but pulled something out of a small case. Obie, Obidiah, his partner, the man who had helped raised him, was the reason that he had been kidnapped in Afghanistan? He had tried to have him killed? He should have figured it out sooner, he shouldn't have brought Peter here. What about Mary?
Steve internally sighed a little as the screens went black. "He really grows on you, doesn't he?" Steve bit the inside of his cheek to keep from laughing at the absurdity of Dr Banner's statement.
Mary leaned down, whispering something into Peter's ear, and he suddenly grinned. "Mama says that we're going to have dessert now, and that you're invited to come have some with us." Steve smiled at him and nodded. "Yay! Mama!" Peter looked back up at Mary. "He said yes! Can we go have ice cream now??"
He closed his eyes and breathed in and out a few times. When he opened them again, he had his phone in his hand. It felt heavier than usual, cradled there in his blood-soaked hand. Finally, mouth twisting, he punched in the number from memory.
“Listen up, discount Arthur, I have a proposition for you,” Tony interjected, crossing his arms over his chest.  “You know who I am?”
said—came from him.  Come on, Tony,” Rhodes ground out through what Steve imagined was teeth gritted hard enough to crack an acorn kernel.  “Look, prisoners of war have always been made slaves, yes, that’s war, but not the officers. They’re ransomed back, and you know why?  I know you know why.  Because someone important, someone powerful, wants them back badly enough to do something stupid.”
The man looked Steve up and down, rolled his eyes and glanced over at Tony with a look that conveyed a sense of noticing a bad smell in the room and not wanting to mention it.
“Figured you to not listen to me a lot sooner,” Bucky said as he approached. He was covered in dirt, clothes sticking to him with dark circles of sweat.  He wiped his hands up and down his pants in an effort to clean them that seemed entirely wasted.  “Your Grace,” Bucky said in greeting, though Steve could see the slight smirk dance across his features as he said it.
“Howard?” his mother called, her perfectly-coiffed head peeking out of the billiards room, where the crack of the cue stick against the cue ball seemed to break something else open inside Tony.  He wanted to run, to flee, to just be anywhere but here, but there wasn’t any place to go.  No one would hire an unbonded Omega.  He had no money to his name, since he couldn’t even open a bank account.  He was surrounded by riches, and couldn’t own any of them.  And there was absolutely nothing wrong with anything happening here tonight, at least as far as the rest of the world outside of Tony’s party of one was concerned.  So, there were some hurdles to his escape plan, he could admit.
“Gods go with thee, my friend,” Thor said, stepping back. Steve looked down at his feet, willing them to move, then watched a second shadow join his.
“I would suggest a different encasement for your arc reactor.  I noticed that you use it to power your metal suit. This,” he said, walking over and hefting a large, round, gray object that slid out from a panel in the wall.  “This material should provide a proper core to contain the reactor for as long as you need it.”
“Did I not tell you?  He is the best soldier in the whole world, you will see, this is what I said,” Cam announced, looking over at Tony for approval, though Tony’s gaze was fixed on Steve.
“Come on in,” Steve said, stowing the soap onto the holder and gesturing for Tony.  “Plenty of room.”
“Tony!” Steve shouted, crashing into the clearing with the spear-thrower drawn. “Are you--wha--Tor?” Steve skidded to a halt. “Nasha!” he whooped, his voice brimming with joy. “Tor! Nasha!”
“I’m sorry.  Really,” Tony reiterated.  “The whole thing, I shouldn’t have dicked around, not at your job, but all I could think about was those snot-nosed kids at MIT who handed you their trays without even seeing you, and it just—it killed me to see that, but I didn’t do anything about it then.  I don’t know why.  I should’ve said something.  Done something.  I always regretted that.  I can still see it in my head.  Me, sitting there, not doing anything.  I just…this time.  I wanted it to be different.
“Which floor is your room?” Steve asked, staring at the panel of buttons.  Thank God Steve was so into this.  Tony really was a very lucky man.
Gingerly, Tony swung his legs over the side of the bed.  He stood up slowly, making sure he could manage upright before he tried walking.  A few careful steps later and his legs seemed to decide to work in something resembling actual coordination as he stumbled for the bathroom and rinsed his mouth out as best he could before heading for the bedroom door.  He stood there in the frame of the door for a long moment, watching Steve bustling around in the kitchen.  Tony could smell the coffee already, and his mouth watered.  A white Styrofoam cup and brown paper bag with the name of Tony’s favorite greasy-spoon diner sat on top of the bar.  He got me a cheeseburger and milkshake, Tony realized with a surprised lurch somewhere deep inside his chest.  His stomach, which seemed to sleep in a bit longer than the rest of him, roared to life all of a sudden, making a loud, gurgling noise that drew Steve’s attention.
“This is Pasadena,” Tony observed.  He tried to keep his tone neutral, but he could hear his voice quivering, though he couldn’t say if it was excitement so much as just being completely overwhelmed.  He swallowed, nearly choking on the lump in his throat.
“Who the fuck cares?” Brock demanded, his arms lifting and dropping in exasperation.  “It’s not like it matters.  Ten days, and we’re golden, right?  I think we can have a bit of fun for crying out loud.  It’s not like it’s gonna break the bank.”
The good thing, he supposed as he took the elevator from Pepper’s office up to his workshop, if you could find a thread of a silver lining in all of this, was that he had an actual list of things Steve would enjoy doing.  Because of all the times Steve had actually asked Tony to do things with him, and yes, he knew that was stretching the definition of silver lining pretty fucking bare.  God-dammit, he mentally cursed himself, digging his fingers into the center of his forehead where a headache was starting to form.  How could he have been that much of an utter ass?  No, wait, do not open that door.
“Come on,” Tony urged, tugging at the sleeve of Steve’s borrowed jacket.  “You don’t want to miss this.”
He hurried through the hallway and down the steps, following the winding path to the wrought iron fence that led into the garden.  Leaning back against it as he shut it behind him, Steve finally drew a breath into his burning chest.  He swiped his face with a hand and slowly peeled his fingers off the bars of the gate.
“There’s really no reason for us to do this. We could just stay here at the Tower, anyway,” Steve said with a sigh.
“You used to skip lunch.  When we were really, really broke, those last couple of days before you got paid.  Wednesday and Thursday, every two weeks. Those were the worst,” Tony told him.  “I saw your budget.  I can do math.”
“Then do so,” Rhodes urged.  “As his concubine, you have all the time with him he wants.  You can travel with him, accompany him on inspections or journey on state visits, whatever he wants, and no one will question it.  Steve Rogers, soldier of the Unified Free States, could never be next to him.   The Court would never countenance such a thing, particularly after what happened with Stone, the utter horse’s ass. You have to realize that.  This is a chance to—to do something we soldiers don’t get to do.  You have the ear of the King.  Use it.”
“Yes, but on the heels of your announcement that the company won’t be in the weapons business anymore and the incident with Senator Stern, you can understand why there are some who have reservations about your continued leadership and your state of mind after the events that occurred earlier this year,” the reporter, David, pointed out.
He saw Tony’s jaw work, chewing on the words like he wanted to spit them out, and his gaze flicked away for a moment before settling back on Steve.
“Any minute now,” Tony snorted. “Christ, James, what if we've lost ten years? Ten years,” he said, shaking his head like he could dislodge the number. Ten years. It kept ringing through his head, counting off like the world's most depressing metronome.
“But, I found that I am…unable to well abide in a world where someone who hurt you exists.  Not when it is within my power to see that such a situation ceases to be,” Tony said, voice low and tight.
He clicked on it, though all it contained was a zip file.  When he opened it, he wasn’t even sure what it was he was looking at.  Some kind of digital schematic, though of what, he had no idea, a ton of technical data that might as well have been written in Elvish, along with a white paper entitled ‘Pressure-Controlled Robotic Sleeve and Improved Heart Function,’ though there was no byline.
No telltale splash appeared at Steve’s words.  He put his hands on his hips and ducked his head with a slight frown, then lifted his eyes to the horizon where the waves slapped at the sea.  If Shellhead truly didn’t return or refused to help…maybe after last night, maybe Shellhead changed his mind? Maybe, after last night, he wanted to keep Steve here so they could…Steve cut that thought off, stashing it away with the rest of the things he didn’t want to think about.  No, no, Shellhead wouldn’t do that, Steve told himself with a shake of his head. Even if he didn’t want to see Steve leave, he would help, if that was what Steve wanted, Steve was sure of it. Even if it meant Shellhead would be alone, and Steve would never see him again.
--he realized it didn’t matter.  It’s Tony, he thought with a start of surprise that didn’t quite feel like surprise, so much as remembering something he already knew.
The alien stroked his hand up and down the inside of Tony’s thigh and hummed again, making that strange chanting noise, but there was some other noise now, some kind of clicking, machine-like sound.  The pressure inside him increased as whatever it was was pushed deeper.
“Remember when he came to base?” Brock asked. “Hot-shotting around with the General and all the brass. What a prick.”
“There was a…cabinet behind you.  Glass.  With a bunch of…ceramics?  Plates, crystal, that kind of thing,” Steve said.
“No,” Steve cut in.  “No, you did fine. Great.  Really, Tony.  You were wonderful.  I’m just…they call it processing these days, I think,” he said with a small huff.
Steve shut his eyes and tried to let the steady susurration of the engines drown out the klaxon in his head. He didn’t want to think about that.  Hell, he didn’t want to think about Anthony at all, except he couldn’t seem to stop, like those women who would come by the clinic where his mom worked, thin and glassy-eyed, looking for a stopper-full of cough syrup or maybe laudanum, if they could get it.
“Of course, Your Grace,” Rhodes said quietly, pulling his horse around. The rest of the team dismounted in silence.  Steve handed his reins to Natasha, while Tony gave his to Clint, who just rolled his eyes, but a small, sad smile flashed across his face as he wound the cords around his hand.  His sword and shield he gave over to Thor, who’s large hand thumped down on Steve’s shoulder, clapping it twice before he released Steve with a slight shake.
He drank his ice water, throat suddenly parched, and turned to go.  He would have spilled his client’s drink on the dark-haired man behind him if not for reflexes honed from years of dealing with Bucky’s shenanigans.
“You’re right.  About the—ark.  That kind of power, someone has to be the one to try.  Someone will, whether they should or not, that’s for sure,” Steve said.
Margaret, actually, though she never used her title. This girl back home,” Steve explained when the creature raised its eyebrows in question.  It sniffed, a churlish, harrumphing sound and kicked at the sand with one of its tentacles, then looked back at Steve. “Met her at an abolitionist meeting before the War.  She was a firecracker, Shellhead, I’m telling you. Lit up the room. British by birth, but came to America to help with the cause. Her parents had her whole life planned out, but Peggy, she--she wanted more.  She saw this incredible injustice, and she just couldn’t look away. Just couldn’t. She was amazing. You’d like her,” Steve chortled, trying to picture the meeting. “She’d probably have ordered you to find her a pair of dolphins to ride off this rock in the first week, and you’d have gladly done it and asked what else you could do to win her approval. That’s Peggy.”
“He’s Captain America. He’s an Avenger.  I’m talking to him.  About the Avengers.  Because I am one.  And also, he knew my father, but I’m not my father, so it’s totally okay,” Tony said, because he knew that much.
The group of them—Tony, Rhodes, Ms. Potts and Mr. Murdock, with the occasional assist from Steve or Bucky--had spent the better part of yesterday afternoon in some kind of weird combination of celebration at Bucky’s victory at the hearing and mad scramble of a planning session for today’s press conference, where words like admission and privilege were bandied about until it made Steve want to crawl out of his skin.
“Good. That’s good, Steve,” Tony said.  His voice was low and rough, like each word was being slowly dragged from him.  It warmed over Steve’s skin, constricting his chest and making his thoughts go calm, smooth, all the tumult pushed somewhere else.  Steve let himself sink into the feeling, let it envelope him, until it pushed everything else aside. There was just him and Tony. Nothing else.  There was no pain, except what they allowed, and there was beautiful safety in that, Steve thought as his mind drifted.
“Good.  Then don’t,” Barnes warned, and that’s what it was, a warning, make no mistake, Tony thought. Steve was who this man had left, and Tony supposed it said something about him that he was willing to give Steve up if it meant giving him a shot at happiness.  An ally like that, someone Steve clearly loved, had to be a good thing, right?
“Your Highness,” Steve heard himself say, then dropped his gaze as a flush crept over his skin at Tony’s scrutiny.  His hands fisted against the exposed skin of his thighs.  He resisted the urge to fidget where he stood and held himself still, waiting.  His head might not know what it wanted from Tony, but his body had no such qualms.  Heat, wild, stirring, flames of it, curled low in his belly and flicked against his insides.  His cock was making a nice tent of the fabric, drawing up and jutting out from between his legs.  Soon, there would be a wet spot soaking through the material, and that thought was both horrifying and arousing at the same time.  Tony would see. Tony would
Tony turned around and saw that Natasha had the ATV hooked up.  It was making a beeping noise as it compressed air into Steve’s lungs.  Bruce was working to get Steve’s uniform off, carefully cutting away where the material had been…oh God.
“The Reverend says only the Devil can read a person’s thoughts,” Steve informed him archly, eyes narrowing in suspicion.  Usually the Devil was a wanton woman, whatever that was, according to the Reverend, and not a finely-dressed man walking about in the middle of the night, but you never knew.
Rhodey was pacing back and forth in the stables trying to keep the composure, even his horse looked worried. How can a horse make a worried expression? Yeah, it was Tony's fault, even he managed to make these animals worry about him too. He was debating himself whether or not to just grab his horse and run into the forest to grab his friends and drag them back to safety. And after that, he will beat the crap out of them for making him worry like this.
Then, out of a sudden, the wolf jolted and let out a pained cry, he scratched his head furiously. Tony feared that something could have upset the animal to the point that he would attack him. That last thought sounded exaggerated but Tony couldn't help the shiver run down his spine at the possibility that the wolf could turn completely wild.
It was the end. He saw how the big animal launched itself to where he was in the ground. He closed his eyes, waiting for his end.
If the eyes were the way through someone’s soul, the wolf’s one was human. And he had asked for Tony’s help at that time.
” Tony tried to repress the shiver at the implication of that, by his friends’ look he barely succeeded.
Tony hardly could tell where he was going, he abruptly stopped when he tripped and almost felt into a cliff that appeared out of nowhere behind some leafy trees.
Jan, with her arms on her hips, was resting calmly against a tree. Looking almost bored, like she had been waiting for hours for Tony to arrive.
Tony stayed a bit longer on the floor, his back on the floor, not really looking at anything, when they arrived at the castle he made Rhodey help Jan in while he acted as a distractor and faced the guards that were waiting for him, informing him that the King was expecting an explanation.
It was a terrible save and Tony knew it but Jan still laughed as she also pulled her own black cloak to cover her head.
“I certainly look forward for your hospitality.” Tiberius added with a light wink, almost imperceptible.
“No, Tony” Jan’s eyes softened and she got down of the horse to go right next to Tony, she ran her fingers through his hair in a soothing motion. Tony closed his eyes involuntarily and when he seemed to relax enough she let go of his hair, she just keep holding his hands while rubbing circles with her thumbs on the back.
“Oh, really? Let me see it!” Tony, light up at the word “present”, his friend's gifts were always the best. Jan handed him the package, he could tear it open.
Suddenly, the wolf appeared again from behind some trees, he looked way better than before. Tony sighed in relieved, and also he wanted to smack himself in the face for that. The young prince found himself captivated by the blue of his eyes again, they were so deep, like he was looking into his soul. The thought of it scared Tony enough to grab one of the daggers and hold it tight to his chest. If he had to die today at least he’ll fight to the end.
. Jan loved that, it didn't make her feel better this time though. Something was off, it had been making her feel uneasy since they announced the arrival of the Stone House prince.
He just smiled at the scared tone of his voice, it was always best to inspire respect by terror so his servants would be eager to please him and follow his orders efficiently.
Tony didn’t want to run. He wanted to stay with the creature, even as irrationally as that seemed moments ago when he
“Hope we’d arrived on time”, Jan sighed, she was trying to not sound worried but the little crack on her voice betrayed her.
They were like that for a while, Tony decided to let it be so Rhod could be calm when he came back and maybe tomorrow he would try to sneak out again by feet. The horse stopped next to a river to get some water and Tony took the opportunity to get off the horse and walk around ignoring War Machine’s neighs.
“Hey don't look at me like that, War Machine. We're talking about Jan, remember? The same girl who beat me in her first sword battle, if someone can protect Tony is her.” The horse just neighed at him "Shut up, I'm perfectly calm."
“Oh, Tony…” Jan rubbed his cheek, they were the only ones that Tony let help him with his injuries. There was no pride walls between them, they all knew each other since ever. It started with a silly 5-years-old Jan that made him and Rhodey promise to be friends forever, Tony laughed at her at that time, then she beat him up and added, ‘
Rhodey’s horse seemed to walk on his own, ignoring Tony pulling the reins. “To the right! Right I said! Damn you Rhodey! You planned this all along!” he groaned in frustration and resigned to his fate, maybe if he grabbed one of the branches from the trees he could escape.
He tried to sound and make himself look as unthreatening as possible, so if the wolf was injured he could offer some help. Suddenly the animal stopped moving altogether and howled loudly, Tony almost covered his ears at that cry full of pain, when the wolf turned his attention to the prince his eyes were no longer blue.
Tiberius acted like he didn't even acknowledge his presence, for him to get on the level with a servant, he felt like it was a waste of his time. The prince just bowed his head slightly in recognition of Jan, after all, they both were high royal class.
Rhod saw how Tony rode away from the stables. He hoped that the prince came back in one piece and, he gulped at the thought, that the King won’t notice too soon his absence.
The wolf managed to open space between the bear’s claws and plunged his jaw into the neck, the bear let out a cry and struggled forcefully until with a claw aimed to the wolf’s snout he managed to get free of the grip of the wolf and run back into the forest. Leaving Tony and the canine in an open space alone, with the wolf between him and the forest, his only option to run from an imminent death at his claws was jump into the cliff and hope the impact on the river didn’t kill him.
He felt his heart beat so fast against his chest that he could almost swear it was hurting him, he found a ripped piece of red cloth caught in the sticks of a tree.
“Wait for me, darling” Jan was so worried about her best friend. But at the same time, she was sure that Tony would be fine. Unless he would do something that could get him in trouble or put him in a even more dangerous situation.
“Great! Absolutely GREAT!” he felt a bit dizzy when he noticed that he was on the verge of another fall, to some pointy stones in an abyss, he was in a part of the forest that looked like death passed through. Trees without leaves, the trunks dark, the ground seemed dried off. The whole area were depressing, even the sky looked grey from here.
“It certainly has been, prince Stone.” Jan pronounced every word dripping in venom, Tiberius pay them no mind, none of them was his priority tonight.
There was a fuss in the castle in the night, Jan was trying to sneak peek what was going on since all the servants were running around the halls, they all seemed worried to finish what they were doing in a hurry.
A family by choice, not the one you were born into but one you choose on your own, he always believed those bonds were stronger than blood.
“Oh come on, Rhod. You can't stop a curious boy who wants to know everything about the world” The prince said, doing a dramatic pose. The leader of the royal guard just rolled his eyes. Sometimes Tony's tone was mocking even when he was asking for a favor.
Rhodey recognised it and hurried his horse to where the sound came from. Every second counts in a emergency, especially in the dangerous insides of the forest, and life was pretty good at reminding him of that fact.
“JAN!” Rhodey jumped from his horse to see how was his friend, she had her clothes covered in dirt and some bloody scratches visible where the cloth gave up at the impact.
“Tony! TONY! ” Rhodey run to his best friend and hug him as to confirm he was alive, passing his hands over and over the brown hair of the younger one. “God,
“What?” Tony felt cold again, he had trouble to breathe for a second, “What do you mean, Jan?” it was a stupid question since he knew the answer already. He just didn't want to believe it, even the expression Jan made was enough to confirm one of his worst fears. He sweared in a hiss as he grabbed her wrist and hopped on the horse. She squeezed his hand in return, trying to comfort him with the gesture like she always did when they all were younger, when Tony had to be in his father's presence and he grabbed onto Jan for support. It seemed so long ago, but he always remembered how her warm aura made him feel better just before he had to enter the throne room alone.
The wheels of the carriage were making rushing noises, it would be probably pass midnight when they reached the castle.
Tony looked at his hands, there were many cuts but none of them was deep enough ,a drop of blood fell on his palms.
“I'm delighted to be back, visiting the Stark House and having all of you waiting for me.” Tiberius said with an evil grin in his face.
Suddenly, a well-known howl echoed in the area. War Machine got scared and neighed loudly. Tony run out in the direction of the howl without thinking.
Tony noticed the atmosphere around them turning heavy sooner than later, someone could almost cut through the tension in the air. It was already pretty dark around them, he knew someone must have noticed already they were gone, or at least alert the king that the leader of the royal guard went flying into the forest without informing anyone. Which could only mean…
The wolf took a step toward him, his fur was tainted with blood in several spots. Tony winced as he noticed a cut that was still stripping blood on the neck, but the wolf didn’t seem to mind or notice it since he kept on walking toward him. Tony gulped, a part of him was terrified at the idea that the sudden interest in him was because now the wolf was aiming for a easier prey, seeing that the previous one, the bear, escaped, there was this mere human who wouldn’t suppose much of a challenge.
Tony wasn't called a genius for nothing, he started to get together the pieces he had of the puzzle.
“Tony, you are ok! Oh dear, I was so worried I thought something happened to you!” Jan tried to get off the horse to join them, but Rhodey got up abruptly, jostling Tony in his hold but managing to stop her.
“Rhod, let’s go for Tony... A bear appeared so suddenly and-” Jan let go a groan of pain as she tried to get up, “My sword didn’t hurt that beast! I managed to stab it but it continued as nothing happened-” she was cut by a coughing that made her spit some blood. She just ignored it like it was nothing out of the ordinary as she walked toward the horse, looking for another weapon in Rhodey's attacked bag to his horse.
“Tones, excuse me but today you were the perfect representation of a damsel in distress, Jan defended you with her sword and I had to go to pick you up and check if you are safe. So, I suggest you to remain quiet the rest of the trip unless you want me to tell this story to future generations.”
Tony groaned. He got on the horse and went to the forest, ignoring Rhodey’s laugh in the background.
Tony just laughed at his best friend's exasperated tone, Rhodey had always been kind of protective about the young (and reckless) prince, not only because it was his job, as the leader of the royal guard, but also because when you live enough years with Tony Stark, you grew quite fondly of the young genius.
Tony was sitting in the roof, it was one of his favorite spots, it allowed him to see a great view of the sun rising when he couldn't get any sleep. Or when he just wanted some quiet and peace. He was eating a slice of bread and some cheese while balancing his feet.
“The Stark House will always welcome you by open arms” Tony replied by memory, like his father taught him to answer to the Stone's heir every time they meet. He was proud not a drop of the fear he was feeling in that moment tainted his words.
“Rhodey will let you go out but only if you carry this” she hand him a leather case, it was a set of daggers. Tony looked at her incredulously, but he accepted it. He knew very well that, if necessary, Rhodey could knock him out and carry him back to the castle.
She gritted her teeth as she hopped on the horse, Rhodey followed her after “We are going to rescue him, Jan. I promise” he stated with determination.
Tony was slowly getting more and more anxious with every second that passed, as they all entered the castle he sent Rhodey a last glance before he had to leave for his night patrol. Jan refused to let go of him and she walked right by his side, between both princes. Tony caught Tiberius looking in his direction a few times before they reached the throne room, the presence of the Stone prince could only mean bad news for him. He wasn't called a genius for nothing, he started to get together the pieces he had of the puzzle.
That seemed to be enough to shut Tony up, he just humed and turned his head so neither of them could see his face. Rhodey took it as a small personal victory, he smiled softly at the sight of Jan trying to get some sleep while her face was resting on Tony’s back. They were a pair of reckless fools, but Rhodey loved them both. He turned his head back and continued walking, he only hoped that nobody noticed their absence in the castle.
He heard footsteps coming from across the other side of the room  “Tony! Tony!” Jan was suddenly by his side kneeling on the floor, already helping him to stand up. Rhodey right behind her, waited for Tony’s nod to approach.
“Finally you are here” Jan greeted him “I was started to think you got lost again in your own castle” Tony just chuckled at her fondly.
There was no doubt Jan loved Tony, he is super smart and sweet and handsome and how could she not love him? She does, he's her best friend, that's not like she knew her father loved her mother. Yes, it was childish to think like that when in royalty there were arrangement unions that did not require for the ones getting married to even like each other, but Jan wanted both she and Tony to at least have the opportunity to find out by themselves if there was someone else for any of them worth falling in love and marrying.
“Seems so, but-” before the young prince could say something more, a familiar, and also not so welcomed figure, appeared. Clearing his throat to get the attention of the three of them.
Tony knows Jan since he learn how to walk, at the beginning her parents thought that the king’s idea of them getting married in the future would be good for them all but when they told their daughter about it, Jan’s response was '
Tony not knowing what to do, just tried to reach out for him with a hand, Steve flinched for a second, he looked almost afraid to touch him. But he also reached for his hand, to press his palm against Tony’s. When Steve visibly relaxed he let go of him, not imagining what the older one was going through. He had many questions but when he was about to ask, Steve jumped back.
The horse went right after him but when he tried to cut Tony off, the teen tripped and fell down a slope. He started rolling in what it seemed like an endless loop until his back hit something and he could feel rocky ground. Barely managing to hold onto some roots to stop the falling, Tony could feel his hands burning but he didn't let go. He got up with difficulty, his whole body ached and his clothes were covered in mud.
“Out in the field, still Iron Man,” Steve told him, then took a quick glance around the room. “Where is your suit?” That’s when Tony grinned, taking a couple steps back. He tapped his fingers on his thumbs in some kind of sequence.
Clint was standing now, and both he and Natasha were practically glaring at Steve. "You're kidding, right?" Clint spoke first after Bucky took Meg into the kid’s room. "You're letting them stay here, and you're protecting them??"
“We have enough of those to write a book with,” Steve mumbled and Tony nodded. “Wait, is that place on fifteenth?” Tony grinned and nodded.
Everything he had read about Anthony Stark online pointed to him being a Grade A, well, ass. Steve hadn't needed to read much more after seeing a history of wild parties, drinking, some drugs, and lots of women. He couldn't believe that that was how Howards' son had turned out; nothing like the man that he had known back in the war. Steve wondered if this Anthony's parents were turning in their graves at how he acted. The Howard he had known would be.
Tony fell back, arms covering his face, chest heaving as he tried to get a breath. All he could see was blue, covering him, trying to get inside of him. His shoulder burned, spreading like fire to his head. No, he wouldn't let this happen again!
Tony wished that he would hear Mary when he walked in, yelling at him for being an idiot, telling him that he had overreacted by calling in so many doctors. But she didn't, she was asleep on the bed, the oxygen running, the heart monitor steadily beeping.
"You're so adorable when you're in denial." Tony's face scrunched up in mock offense. "That looks just like a face that Peter makes."
“-has no blood related Aunts!” Julie was saying inside the apartment. Talking to the school then, Bucky surmised. “No one has been added to the approved list in over a year, and I did not get a call to authorize any additions anyway!”
“You think I’d let me kids travel without protection?” Tony kicked the man’s knee, and he stumbled, but didn’t let go of Tony.
. “Of course, now we have to make another one for Tony, and one for Wade I’m sure, because Peter wants to learn.”
Steve had grabbed the present he brought up before sitting on the couch and pushed it towards Tony. "I uh, I got you something, and you can wait until-" He stopped when Tony grabbed the present and started peeling the paper off. "Or you can open it now," he chuckled. Tony smiled at him as he pulled the rest of the paper. It was a picture frame and Tony felt his breath catch when he lifted it up to look at it.
Tony could hear her frown as she responded. "And what are you doing that you don't want them to know about? Is it something that you don't want me to know about? Do I need to be concerned, again?"
He could practically hear Meg take the time to properly collect her words and thoughts. "I'm just, not used, to this much," she said softly, making Steve smile. "And it makes my gift pale in comparison."
Tony blinked his eyes open. At first everything was too bright, too blue, then something moved up, blocking the light. Tony blinked a couple more times and he saw a face, blonde hair, Steve. "Can you see me alright?" Steve asked, his voice quieter. Tony nodded once. Steve moved to get out and Tony's hand shot out, grabbing onto his shirt, fingers digging in tightly.
Tony hummed and ran his fingers through his own hair along the side of his head. "It is starting to get a little long, isn't it? I suppose I could get a trim. You like it when my hair is shorter?" Peter nodded, smiling. "Alright, how about we both go together, like we did a couple years ago."
Tony snorted, and smiled a little. "Thank you, that all I wanted to hear." Rhodey held out his hand and Tony took it, shaking it, metal hands clanking. "They're coming in hot, any second. What the play?"
Steve was outside, raking the leaves from the lawn as Mary and Peter returned from their day of errands. He knew that Peter's birthday was coming up in a just a couple of days, and Mary said that her parents were going to be flying over from California to surprise Peter, and she was running around trying to make things perfect. Steve chuckled when he saw Mary pulling several bags of groceries from the trunk of her car, and Peter was trying to climb inside to get to what Steve could only assume was his favorite snacks. He did it every time.
"Nope, New York City," Tony said again. "That includes Staten Island, Manhattan, Queens, Brooklyn, the works." He glanced around at the silent audience around him. "What? I've spent more on worse. A lot more." Tony shrugged a little, glancing down as his other hand ran through Peter's hair. Steve noted that Peter's hand was over Tony's arc reactor, and how relaxed Tony was about it. "Figured the city could use a break, and I'd help up so as much money and time can be put into continuing to rebuild."
“You can’t see it, I’m pointedly looking at your sockless feet.” Steve turned his head a little to look at Tony. “Lead by example! Oh-“ Tony covered his face, but Steve could see he was starting to smile. Steve turned his head the other way and saw that Jamie was on her back, trying to push her diaper off. “Maybe not that example right now.”
"I had three glasses of scotch last night," Tony said automatically. "I don't drink when I'm going to see Peter."
She still was able to spend time with him in the workshop, but never when he was working with dangerous items. Tony would always still care for her, that would never change, she could feel it. Much like Steve did in the war, he kept her out of the lab when there was a heightened chance of accidents with new experiments or bigger builds. He celebrated with her after he completed a new business contract, and when the business did well. And then Pepper Potts came.
"That's right, Petey," Tony said quietly, a tiny tremor in his voice. "Daddy's here, Daddy's got you." Mary looked at Tony, blinking when Tony claimed the title of Dad. A few silent tears rolled down Tony's cheek, sitting down on the couch to hold onto Peter, showing no sign of letting him go. "Oh, I missed you so much, I missed you everyday."
“Jamie started off asleep on the floor,” Tony told him, and Steve had to bite his lip when he saw her start to shuffle again. She was inching herself up closer to Tony’s face, moving like some kind of bug. “She crawled up Peter, then turned sideways, and she just keeps doing it. It’d be cute, if she wasn’t moving all across my body.”
“I can feel your emotions,” Tony slurred out sleepily. Steve lifted his eyes to see Tony looking at him with a lazy smile. “You’re ridiculously happy right now.”
"What are you doing?? Get out of here!" Was she crazy? Where was Peter?? Tony quickly patted at his arm when some flame licked his cheek. How did he not notice that he was on fire sooner.
"Time to get back to the car!" Steve declared, starting to head for the exit. Tony laughed, following him, putting his phone back in his pocket.
"Call me Tony, in fact, tell them that Tony Stark sent you," he continued. "Wade told us about Jackson, that he helps you. I'm assuming it's because your job doesn't exactly offer amazing health benefits."
A shadow passed in front of his eyes, and he instinctively brought his arms over his head, trying to pull his knees up. There was a soft sussing, a gentle hand pulling something warm over him. "Just me, Tony." Steve, that was Steve's voice. "It's Steve. Bruce, Mary, and William are here, too." He just wanted Steve to keep talking, his voice was soothing to him, it helped him come back down. "Try and pull in a deep breath, alright? As deep as you can, without hurting yourself. I'll be right here."
He wasn't sure how long he stood there, one hand on the glass, the other holding onto the container of scotch, but it must have been just a little too long. A warm hand slid over the one on the glass, gently pulling it away, while another put the stopped back on the decanter. Tony's hand tightened around the container, and he almost let out a whimper at the loss of the smell.
“I’m so happy to see that I’m so often on the minds of your family, Stark,” Loki nearly purred, before standing up. “I shall take my leave. I anticipate when our paths will cross again, Anthony Stark.” He gave a mocking bow before turning, disappearing with his second step.
“I wish I knew for sure,” Steve mumbled. Tony ducked under his arm to take the weight off of his injured leg, and they slowly made their over to the elevator doors to wait for its return. “It was the Colonel that had Wade, but I’m a little shocked at how prepared he was.” Tony frowned, looking up at him. “He had at least a dozen armed men, that I could see, and they were very well covered. It was too much to just hold a child. Although, I suppose in a way it wasn’t enough.”
"Captain Rogers has some dinner for you," Jarvis said a couple minutes later. "And he will only deliver it to you personally." Tony sighed. He wiped his face before splashing some water to get any stray hairs or shaving cream off of his face.
"So that's a yes, then?" Tony smirked, leaning in a little. Peter had looked up at Mary now, smiling, adopting the same hopeful look that Tony had on his face at the moment. "Please?"
I think some of you were onto me,..... so much happiness...... can't last. Not when an evil author has a plot to progress!
"Uh, yeah, hey, sorry." Tony quickly pulled the bag back up, but not picking it up. "Um, the new punching bags are done, and I thought I would put them up, and I didn't think that you would be here."
“Nope,” Steve said with a shake of his head. “I learned a lot of it from Mary, honestly, but I’ve also seen it firsthand. I think we both can safely say that I wouldn’t be with someone if they just wanted a status boost, or just to have some arm candy. The fact that were able to keep this hidden, for the most part, for this long is quite impressive. You were always looking out for me as I continued adjusting to a new century, and you’re trying to keep Peter, and Jamie, away from the public eye, because you want to keep things as normal as possible for them. As normal as can be considering that they have an eccentric billionaire for a Dad.”
The woman kept her head down enough that Bucky couldn’t see her face clearly, until she was crossing the street, and was almost right in front of him. “Been a long time since I’ve seen you, Soldier.” He straightened his body and looked at her, and a name came forefront to his mind.
“Tony.” Tony grunted a little. “Tony, look at me.” Steve physically turned Tony’s head to look at him. He could see the pronounced circles under his eyes, pale and turning purple. He frowned a little sadly; Tony was back to avoiding sleep.
Tony wasn't sure what to expect when he walked into the hospital room, but it was better than any of the scenarios his mind had been making up. Rachel was sitting up in the bed, her and Mary looking to be playing a card game on the tray over her lap, with Mary herself sitting on the end of the bed with her mother’s feet in her lap. There was another chair next to the bed that he assumed William had been sitting in.
