He launches himself at the man with both hands going for his neck. The force of his weight sends them to the ground, which is just fine with Dean. He is as good of a grappler as he is a boxer. He quickly immobilizes Alastair’s legs with his and leans harder against his neck. Beneath Dean, he is scrambling to find a grip on his hands. Dean snarls at him in Romanian, “I might die, but I’m taking you with me.”
There is some heavy angst in this chapter. I planned the events of this chapter from the beginning, and I feel that they are necessary to get the plot and characters to the next step of their development.
Cas gives him nothing but stony stoicism. He’d thought that ordering his men around might at least get a little rise out of him, but nothing. Cas sits on his bed, kicking out his legs in front of him.
Cas licks his lips, running his thumb across Dean’s as he speaks. “My focus for today is going to be filling you up. I’m going to fuck you, repeatedly, and stuff you full of my come.”
Shouting, some coming from his captors and some from him, breaks the peace of the large area, getting everyone’s attention. A crowd is forming, but the only thing that matters to Dean are the exit doors that keep opening and shutting in the distance, taunting him with their availability if he can just break free.
Dean is struck dumb for a moment, caught by the intensity of being Castiel’s entire focus. He takes another drink, hoping to bolster his nerves. The words he needs to share make him the vulnerable one. His truths give away power to another man, and it he didn’t trust Cas, there is no way they would ever be spoken. If nothing else, though, he owes him the truth.
Cas laughs at the wisdom of John’s thinking. His mind is sharp, yet another thing his son gets from him.
“Instead of wasting your talents on general duties, I recommended for the crown prince to name you my personal guard.”
When he was in Rome, Cas had convinced him to try a pretty impressive vegetable dish, an herb stew with crispy, toasted chickpeas. It was delicious, but it might be that he’s a little biased. Cas had begged him so sweetly to try a bite and even fed it to him by hand. He would have gladly eaten a spoonful of sewage to receive another of those adoring smiles.
Cas narrows his gaze sharply. “Would I...I hope you didn’t think that this was a casual fuck, Dean Winchester!”
Every inch burns with such sweet fire that Dean tips his head back, gasping for breath. Cas's hips don’t stop their press until he is buried balls-deep in perfection. Using his right hand to keep Dean’s cheeks spread open, he eyes the connection between their bodies greedily. He pulls all the way out, just to see the beautiful gaping flutter of Dean’s empty hole. “I’ll never get tired of seeing this, Dean. Fuck, that’s gorgeous.”
“Mhmm,” Dean agrees, as he climbs into Cas’s lap to straddle him. “But right now, I want you focused on something else.”
Dean’s mother is gracious, attentive, and if Cas hadn’t already had a taste of her wicked sense of humor, he might think she was a Stepford wife. Whenever he thinks of something that he might want, whether it is a glass of water or an extra blanket, she anticipates the need and shows up to provide the solution. He feels cared for in a way he never has been before.
“Once more unto the breach,” he sighs as he wanders back to the shelves that feel like a second home. The multi-colored and patterned carpet is worn, just as it is in the aisles. The beige metal shelves stand silently bearing the weight of the ages.
Cas tilts his head, “You are new here, and you have already gained a reputation from your altercation with the Aryans. My protection doesn’t weaken you, Dean. It gives you status. In all my years, I have never taken a lover that wasn’t also someone I considered an equal. My men know this. It is why Bartholomew is sulking. He feels that you usurped his position.”
An almost silent gasp above him accompanies the first rush of warmth in his mouth. Cas is biting his lip, trying to keep quiet, but Dean can feel the tremors wracking his body. The next pulse fills his mouth enough that he has to swallow. When he does, a strangled sound escapes the prince, who is watching hungrily. “So good, Dean.”
For the first time, Dean sees Cas blush. When he looks back at Dean, his eyes seem to almost glow in contrast. Dean feels his breath hitch. Wow. In his distraction, he stops walking. They are isolated in this place, miles away from anything. It feels like they are the only two people in the world. The moment feels heavy, ominous. It feels like the right time for a discussion he has been wanting to have with Cas, but he doesn’t want to shatter the lovely moment.
“Not particularly, no. Every event is a long, boring show of diplomacy and ceremony. God forbid I try to be myself.”
“Like, why don’t I have childhood or college friends on my Facebook page? Why aren’t there any pictures of my wife online? Why don’t I have a marriage license?”
Dean’s jaw drops with the utter bombshell Castiel, rule-following commander of the Lord’s armies, drops on him in that moment. He has no witty comeback. In fact, he is entirely speechless. It’s what he’s been hoping and praying for since he found out that he was the vessel for an angel; since Castiel told him his part to play in Earth’s destruction. If they have Cas on their side, all is not lost.
Dean’s hand goes into his hair to yank on it. It’s the only way he can keep himself from grabbing Cas and pulling his body against him. It’s torturous, but still better than anything Dean’s ever felt. There is no way he can ruin it by being greedy. Silently, he begs Cas to touch him. He’s wishing and praying, fervently pleading that Cas will take pity on him.
“Oh, no. You are not messing up that paint now,” Cas scowls. “We’re going to take these pictures and you are not to touch me until we’re done.”
Cas gives him a penetrating stare as he says, “None of those things are new, Dean. You just didn’t pay attention before.” To emphasize his point, Cas rocks his hips down into Dean’s, forcing a gasp out of the man beneath him.
Watching Dean interact with Sasha Vasilevsky is telling. The man is gregarious and lewd in the best of times, and a violent sociopath in the worst. Dean’s shoulders are back, telling Cas that he is on his guard. Nothing else in his demeanor gives away his reticence, though. Hands in his pockets, charming grin on his face, he doesn’t seem to have a care in the world. Cas knows that the look in his eyes is wary and watchful.
All of the plants in this realm are supposedly sentient, but Dean hasn’t really noticed anything that would support that idea. They appear to be the same as those on Earth. Looking up into the canopy right now, though, makes him question. There are a multitude of vines moving like they are in water, undulating and floating on an invisible current. He’s so fascinated by their movement that he trips over a fallen log and just barely catches himself from falling on his face by grabbing onto a tree beside him.
Dean continues, gently touching Cas’s back. “This one also connects to a massive database that people use for genealogy, so it might be able to help you find out more about your ancestors, too.”
Dean winces at the uncomfortable burn in his mind. Then slowly, as if he’s tuning to a clear radio signal, the static of Greek that he doesn’t understand becomes words that he comprehends. It’s a disorienting feeling, and he’s glad again of Cas’s physical proximity.
Jimmy’s head is pounding, a true migraine if he has ever felt one. Making his apologies, he stands and almost runs out of the cafe, leaving Dean sitting there alone.
Leaving the stage is harder than he would have expected. Before he steps down, he stops and looks over the theater with a warmth pervading his soul. He is immensely honored to have been on this stage, where some of the world’s best actors will one day perform. Looking down, he sees Cas looking up at him dreamily. The blatant interest in his eyes makes Dean chuckle. This experience might have been a dream come true, but his true fantasy is being able to be with Castiel.
To get back on track, Dean asks, “Would I be correct in assuming that many of you have your money in these banks?”
Cas chuckles as he plants his feet to force Dean to drop between his thighs. “You know exactly how false that statement is, baby. Besides, you know your mom and dad can both see down here from the kitchen. You’re not going to risk that.”
“Oh fuck. That is really... Are you sure? I don’t want this to hurt.” Dean can’t believe that Cas wants to let him in without being stretched. He’s never been with anyone who liked it that tight. Christ. He might embarrass himself after all.
“Cas?” Dean is giving him that intense, worried face and sets everything he is holding on the table before sliding to his knees by Cas’s side. When he reaches out for Cas’s face, he flinches away and scrambles back farther into the wall.
Dean feels Cas’s lips press into his jaw. “I know you won’t, my precious pet. Especially after you already disobeyed.”
Dean munches another bite of flaky fish and contemplates. “You sure your roommates will be okay with me being there two more days? They seemed a little put out this morning.”
“You’re too good to me,” Cas admits, setting the sand dollar in a patch of wet seaweed next to him for safe keeping.
When he tips his glass up, he catches someone coming towards the bar from the back, and pulling up a chair two down from his. He looks away quickly, his heart picking up. Chastising himself immediately, he reiterates the fact that he is not here to pick up some guy in a bar, no matter how lonely he is. No matter how much his inner voice warns him not to, his eyes flick up to look at the man again in the mirrored bar. Damn. He is the kind of gorgeous that almost hurts to look at.
Cas watches the bob of Dean’s throat as he swallows. He shouldn’t be thinking such lewd thoughts about him, but damn. Dean is walking sex. Thick and gruff, stacked muscle paired with a deep voice. Add the beauty of his long-lashed anime eyes and porn-worthy lips? He’s Cas’s ideal. He’s never acted on his desires because his roommate is close to his brother and he doesn’t want things to be weird.
He wakes to unexpected movement inside the tent. Cas is standing hunched over by the door. Dean watches him take off his pants and drop them by the end of their pallet. Next, he rips off his shirt and then his boxers.
Cas takes the briefest of moments to acknowledge the elegance and functionality of such a service before getting back to his beloved.
Dean’s hand moves to cover Cas’s. Not to push it away, but to hold it there. Fuck. This inexperienced man is just naturally sexier than anyone Cas has ever known. He keeps talking, hoping to push him to the edge with his words.
Cas hasn’t tried to contact him, but if he ditched his phone, he might not have had the opportunity to buy a new one, or memorize Dean’s number first. Speaking of which, Dean isn’t quite sure why he hadn’t shoved all of his cash into Cas’s hands before he left. He can’t have had much on him, and he hadn’t gone back to the hotel to pick up any of his belongings.
Dean doesn’t answer, just leans more heavily into the man at his back. There is something vulnerable about this position. Cas is still clothed and in full control of him. Dean is naked and exposed. He should hate it, should be squirming to cover himself. Instead, he is reveling in it. He can’t imagine what Cas could have been holding back from him, what more he could possibly do to make him come harder, but he is both terrified and enthusiastic about finding out.
“O-Ok.” Dean is caught in wide-eyed, naked lust for this gorgeous creature. He scans his face again, taking in the up-close details.
The gorgeous stranger shrugs, his face turning sad. “He doesn’t live there anymore. I checked when I moved back. His name was Castiel.”
“Jesus, I feel like such a kid,” Cas laughs as he peeks over the top. “Was I always so into trains?”
“I can’t wait to have you, Cas. I’ve missed it so damn much.” Dean’s hands are grabbing onto any part of Cas he can reach, hips and arms, trying to stay on the right side of overwhelmed.
“When you let me watch you fuck your hand, I paid very close attention. I know exactly what you like, sweetheart.”
Finally, Cas has to draw breath. He pulls back just centimeters, but it is as far as he’s willing to go. Dean looks thoroughly drugged by his mouth. “I’m hurting, Cas. I need you,” he whimpers almost imperceptibly. Cas glances over to Meg’s progress. There’s no way that they’re going to be able to last long enough for her to finish.
Cas pouts playfully and gives a counterpoint thrust up into Dean. “Besides, I’ve had to keep my hands to myself for too many months. It’s not fair to ask me to continue.”
Dean laughs and opens his arms for his room mate. “Alright, come here and let me hug you before I go.”
“Sweetheart, what we’re doing isn’t working. I am just going to speak with the Shaman and see if there is something else that will help. I’ll only be gone a minute.”
“Fuck, fuck, cold, shit” he hisses when he surfaces. He kicks a foot out to stop himself from slamming into a rock, which flips him around backwards. There are only two upsides to this horrid situation. The first is that the current takes over and allows him to not expend any energy swimming, and the second is that the soldiers are standing on the riverbank, no longer in pursuit.
Cas takes the pen from his hand and circles the first letters of the first three words and includes the last. It spells out: SAM Project.
Dean whimpers at the onslaught and tips his head back to give Cas more room. “Yes,” he moans and circles his hips against the erection tenting Cas’s jeans. His grip tightens on the handle, knuckles fading to white with the clench.
Dean’s torn. He should be a lot more upset about this than he is. Mostly, though, he’s dying to talk to Cas, so he’s willing to ignore the tracker issue for now. “I’m going to give you a pass on this one, but the next time I fuck up, you’re going to be incredibly forgiving. Understood?”
“I’m hardly unaffected, baby. I’m chomping at the bit to get to you.” Cas backs up his statement by pulling Dean’s hand to feel his rigid bulge. Dean licks his lips and let’s his hand transfer paint up and down the outline of his erection.
With a wink, Dean buttons his suit jacket and proceeds to the front of the room. For a suit that he had altered on the spot early this morning, it fits perfectly.
Rubbing the lube around his hole, Cas gives a perfunctory in and out to spread it around the rim and then manages to spear into him all the way to the webbing of his finger at the exact same time he slaps his left cheek with a stinging force. Dean’s brain goes offline at the confusing mix of signals. He wants to escape the pain and sink down onto the blissful intrusion.
They both moan as he drops to Dean’s lap, the thick, hot cock buried deep in his ass. He squeezes his inner muscles, clamping down on the part of his mate that can give him relief.
Waging the war within himself, he finally gives in and snatches his phone from the coffee table. He’s grinning ear to ear with adrenaline pumping through his veins. He’s going to talk to Cas. He’s going to wish him a Merry Christmas and enjoy a little small talk.
She grabs his arm as she pleads, “You can’t leave. You have to stay here. If you leave, they will take her away from me.”
They are both trembling and fighting to remain upright. Their bodies have exerted every last bit of their energy.
Her voice is shaky and she’s wringing her hands, but there aren’t any normal signs that she is lying. Dean continues to question her, not knowing how long this door will remain open.
He looks down on Alastair, who is choking on the blood pouring from his nose. Satisfaction thrums through him for a heartbeat. Until the man laughs maniacally, red teeth making him look crazed and feral. “You’ve just signed your death sentence.”
“So, you were happy that I brought you that bottle of coconut water and a granola bar and made you finish them before you fell back asleep?”
“He’s not a friend. He’s mine. I’m bound to him.” Tears continue to leak over his lashes as he struggles to catch his breath.
Soaping up his face cloth and fingers, he shrugs and decides that it has to be done if he’s ever going to find out. Rubbing the tender skin thoroughly, he feels a little less gross. At least he’s clean on the outside. Now for the hard part. Which turns out not to be.
Turning back to each other, they descend into lust, passionately worshiping their partners’ bodies as if there would never be another opportunity. Hours pass with hardly any notice. They kiss and caress every inch of skin, jerk and suck each other’s cocks, and rub their bodies together in a continuous loop of orgasm and hardening again. All the while, the stimulating drops fall upon them like sweet rain.
“Let’s see what we’re working with,” Cas grins as he opens the shoebox. Dean’s not sure why that sparkle of mischief makes him flush a heated pink. He’s not embarrassed to use toys, but Cas makes it seem like he’s being caught doing something forbidden.
Dean loves the fond, tender tone in Cas’s voice. He’s basking in his praise, when he feels the cord to the anal beads tug against his rim.
Cas hums and turns his attention back to the spit-slick red nipple straining for him. Dean sighs at the renewed contact, but he feels he needs to offer an out. “You made your point, you know. You can stop.”
After that, no words are exchanged. They lose themselves in their new method of communication, more reverence and trust than Dean has ever felt before they ended up in each other’s arms. There is nothing he would not do for his angel, nowhere he would not follow him.
“I want to be inside you, though. Christ, how I’ve missed that.” Cas’s hand reaches out to caress his cheek while letting his thumb brush the juncture of his cock and Dean’s lips. He gets lost in watching himself slide deep into Dean. When he blinks back to the present, his voice is rough, half-wrecked.
Dean does as he’s been ordered, his eyes cast low. Castiel makes him sweat, refuses to instigate the conversation they both know he’s there for.
“Cas, did I do something wrong?”  Dean sounds completely unmoored.  Of course he doesn’t understand the struggle Cas is feeling. He knows nothing of dominance and submission.
The bruising kisses along his neck have captured his attention to the detriment of everything else. Which is why he barks out a shout of surprise when he lands on his back beneath Dean. The other man gives him a lop-sided grin and licks his lips. “Get rid of those clothes, Cas, or I’ll get rid of them for you.”
Dean’s surprised by the interruption, but answers fluidly. “Since I was old enough to drag a chair over to stand on while I was at the stove.”
When Cas slips free of his body, his breath hitches and his eyes water. As much as he loved having Cas inside him, and he did with his entire body and soul, he hates this empty feeling. He hates it so much that he has to swallow rapidly to choke back the sob that wants to escape. He closes his eyes to block the absurd tears from falling.
Cas can see that Dean is nervous. He’s unsure of himself, and Cas feels terrible about it. Dean thinks that he will turn him down because money is involved. He’s not wrong. Cas’s initial instinct is to push him away. But he wants to be with Dean. He wants to get away from his shitty apartment and enjoy a little luxury.
“So fucking beautiful,” he croons, running a hand down Dean’s thigh to cup his balls and feel them tighten. He drops kisses to Dean’s neck, settling him and waiting for him to accept Cas’s intrusion. Cas pulls him upright, leans his body back onto his own. The position is vulnerable, and Dean is trembling against him.
In his car, Jimmy punches the button to turn off the radio, incapable of hearing any more than the necessary sounds of the road right now. He slips on his sunglasses, despite the overcast sky. After speaking with his office to call out for the rest of the day, he settles into highway traffic. The monotony gives him time to think, which is a complete disaster for his aching brain.
Cas slips his thumb under Dean’s straining rim to join his thick cock, creating an even deeper stretch. The new sensation is echoed in the huffing shouts coming from Dean. When he accommodates the new girth, he starts babbling out praise, “Yes! So damned full! God, you’re fucking unreal, Cas. Fuck!”
“Breathe in slowly,” Cas quietly reminds. Dean goes pliant in stages. Cas can feel the change in him roll towards him in waves. When Dean sighs, pushing into the fingers working him open, Cas adds a third. Dean tightens up around him for a few seconds, but then moans, his stance widening and ass raised higher.
The other goodbyes are much the same. They cannot celebrate for fear of calling attention to their wing of the prison, but he does drink a toast with each man. Thankfully, several of them are housed together, so he’s only partially shit-faced by the time he gets back to his room. Immediately, he starts coffee and drinks a full water bottle. It won’t do to be too drunk.
Dean closes his eyes on a curse. “God damnit. I promised them a week. That’s as long as I’m willing to stay away from work.”
Dean’s eyes go heavy with desire, and he licks his lips. “How about this.” Pulling his shirt off over his head, Dean sidles even closer to Cas. “After you blow me and then fuck me, we can talk about our strategy to deal with Mikhail.”
Cas comments, “You’re very good with them. Is this a result of raising Sam, or does it just come naturally?”
Dean pulls his shirt off over his head, the humid air in the enclosed space dampening his skin already. Cas sits up with interest. “Lean forward and brace yourself over me,” he commands. When he’s close enough, Cas laps at one of Dean’s nipples, which he knows are hyper-sensitive. Since their brief kink discussion the other night, a thought has been plaguing him. This is the perfect opportunity to experiment. Dean immediately jerks as if Cas was applying electrical current. He hums in approval.
Forever is a very long time. He can’t fathom a few years, let alone his entire life. Just last night, they promised forever to each other. In the heat of the moment, sure, but Cas has never been so sure of the rightness of his words. Why is he freaking out about them now, then?
After watching for any signs of deception, Cas rolls close enough to reach up and peck him on the lips.
“I invited everyone here because most of us were going to be out here this week for the Regatta anyway, so it was a good opportunity to talk with you.”
Apple pie. Fuck if Cas understands it, but Dean tastes like hot, cinnamon-spiced apples. Even after using Cas’s toothpaste this afternoon, his natural flavor remains. He lets Dean dominate the kiss, sinks in and savors being consumed. Too soon, the elevator jolts to a stop and the doors open.
Good evening, my dear readers. I'm happy to say that I've been able to write more than I thought I would this week, so this chapter is earlier than I had planned. Go me!
Cas is a little concerned about the anxiety and intensity coming off of Dean in waves, but he smiles and nods. He’s happy to retreat from this crush of Fae demanding his attention. Dean takes him by the hand and weaves through the room, ending at the base of the dais where the spiritual leader is blessing the new couples.
He doesn’t waste time with small talk. He gets right to the point.  “What are you doing in this part of the city, pretty boy?”
Cas kisses his forehead with a smirk of his own and stands. “You’re really good for my ego, Dean. Now, I have an appointment for my new ink this morning. I’d like you to go with me.”
When Cas pulls out, the head of his cock catches on the top edge of Dean’s rim, so there is a near constant drag on the flesh that he knows Dean must feel. Cas lets go of his grip on Dean’s neck in favor of using his hand to separate his ass cheeks, pulling the skin taut with his thumbs. He rubs their point of connection with one of them, dipping it in just a tiny bit with the next push. Dean moans at the added stretch, and suddenly Cas has an imagination full of wicked intent. He whispers reverently, “Goddamn, Dean. The things I want to do to you.”
“It’s nothing, baby. I just fell.” Dean smiles at him, but now that Cas has seen his hands, he recognizes the glassy look for what it is.
Even if any of those excuses would work, he can’t manage a single one of them without words. He growls his frustration with his head tipped to the ceiling, which is how he realizes that his cello is up on a shelf above him. It’s wrapped in a few pelts and stuffed with something like absorbent wool. It’s a testament to how out of sorts he’s been the past few days. Dean had set the cello near the fire to dry out when he was first brought here, but Cas hadn’t noticed that he had moved it.
As soon as he complies, Cas pops his ass with a harsh strike to pink up the skin. The shape of his hand appears as he parts Dean’s cheeks with his hands, exposing his hole to whatever Cas wants. He licks him with a wide, flat tongue from his balls all the way up to the small of his back. His skin is salty from the pool, which only adds to the primal sensation of getting up close and intimate with Dean’s most private places. There is something so raw and exquisite about licking and sucking the skin here, making Dean howl with sensitivity. Cas loves overwhelming him, catching him off guard.
Worst of all, his heart is making itself known no matter how hard he tries to convince it to take the day off. This day of kink exploration shouldn’t be bringing out his romantic notions, but it absolutely is. As soon as he prostrated himself at Cas’s feet, his heart flew into his mouth and demanded an audience.
When they are not engaging in ever-increasingly acrobatic sex, they talk for hours. Dean tells Cas stories of all of the books, TV shows, and movies he wants Cas to read or watch with him someday. Cas never understood why Dean spoke in pop culture references, but now it is clear to him. Dean needs a common language of normalcy to frame his very abnormal life.
Sam’s jaw drops as the breath is knocked from his lungs. Cas might as well have punched him in the gut. He sags onto the bed near him and drops his head into his hands.
Slowly, he walks the halls, listening intently for the mystical sound. As he wanders, he wonders if he had been responsible for making his book ‘turn on’ last night. It’s the first time he’s found a book outside the library that brought him to the past. Dean smiles. He remembers Cas telling him that he bought the ring in Constantinople. Is that why that book worked? Dean had that place and time in mind while wishing to be with Cas? Could it be that simple?
He doesn’t so much as flinch. Maybe he’s wearing headphones? Maybe it isn’t him. Again he tries, “Castiel!”
Dean takes a couple steps back, uncomfortable with everything about this conversation. He attempts a tense laugh, “Sorry about the noise. I don’t think he knew you were here. I certainly didn’t.”
His next few steps are taken more carefully than he can afford, but his depth perception is off, and he is still maintaining a good distance between them. It’s a good compromise for now. Until, of course, one of the more industrious soldiers stops his descent and aims his weapon. Thankfully, being industrious isn’t synonymous with being a good shot, so the musket ball hits a few inches below his head. The rock shards explode outward, and a few catch his cheek, ripping the skin there. For truly the first time in this chase, Dean feels that escape is not certain.
Dean looks down slightly into his heated gaze. He is captivated and couldn’t lie if he wanted to, self-preservation be damned. “Dean.”
When it doesn’t come, he becomes a slave to introspection. Why are his reactions to Castiel so different? Is it an evolutionary thing? Is he responding to the predator, the ‘alpha’ in him? That thought rankles because Dean has always thought of himself as a prime specimen of masculine strength. If only the fittest survive, surely Dean will be near the top of the list. He looks again at the Russian and his men who snap to attention when he speaks to them. If Dean does recognize and react to something superior in Castiel, he is in good company.
Dean shakes his head, approaching his bed and crouching down before him. “I don’t believe that. You’ve done nothing but take care of me since we met. You didn’t just stop caring. You’re angry and this is how you’re punishing me, by taking your affection away.”
The first stop is to Yevgeny, his patient teacher. If Dean were to line up all of the Bratva members in the prison, and pick the one who most defies the stereotype of a mobster, it would be this man.
Cas sucks in a surprised gasp, and Dean continues. “Knowing that you were in there exploring your body without me…fuck. I wanted to break down the door so I could get my hands on you. I’ll be back in just a second, baby. I want you on that bed, ready to let me take over as soon as I’m done.”
“When I first heard the charges in this case, I thought that it was going to be a waste of the court’s time. After all, the defendant was arrested inside the building during an alleged robbery.”
Dean races through the water, realizing that he just might get back to his home too late. The thought nauseates him. To be honest, he’s never been this terrified in his life. If anything happens to Cas because he was oblivious to the warning signs, he will be destroyed. He would never recover from letting down his One in such a fundamental way. Protecting Cas should always be Dean’s first instinct. How is it possible that he’s been this out of sync with real dangers to his chosen family?
“These are actually just test colors. This is a new brand of paint, so I need to figure out how I like them before buying larger sizes.”
Dean’s mouth drops open to protest, but words won’t come. There’s interest in Cas’s eyes that Dean hasn’t seen there before. Or maybe he hasn’t let himself acknowledge it until now. Either way, the effect of the way Cas is devouring him sends a sharp ache to his groin.
Is he letting Dean lead him astray? Could he have some ulterior motive for convincing Jimmy that he is someone else? Could he be falsifying documents to back up his story? Jimmy shakes his head and continues his quest. That’s the thing about Dean. Jimmy trusts him. He isn’t sure if it’s due to the ridiculous charisma the man possesses, or if it’s something else. Whatever it is, he hasn’t proven himself false yet. Jimmy will be wary, but open to whatever Dean has to say.
Moaning and cursing, Dean tries to stay on top of the pleasure. Cas wasn’t kidding. He isn’t making this easy on him. Already, Dean feels his core tighten, his balls draw up. Cas’s tongue is magic and it is working to shred him into splinters.
All in all, Dean finds two cameras and multiple listening devices. By the time they are back in the living room, they are both incredibly tense, and Jimmy is close to hyperventilating. “Let me just write up this estimate, and we can go from there.”
“As soon as we’re completely bonded, you won’t ever have to go anywhere you don’t want to, my love.”
It does start that night. It starts with Dean and Cas talking on Patty’s stoop until the cold forces them to part, first exchanging numbers and a warm embrace. They meet at Patty’s bar again on the night after Christmas, and this time they exchange tender looks and glancing touches. After that, they meet there at least one a week, even though they spend much more time together at one or the other of their homes.
“I came out to them. They didn’t approve.” He shrugs like it is the simplest thing in the world, and maybe there is some artifice there, but he still holds his head high.
“But?” Cas can tell that Dean is yearning for something. His eyes are lit with a molten fire, and there is a fine tremble in the tentacles holding him.
He’s done this a dozen times before, but this time feels unique somehow, so he takes a moment to consider the magic of it. He has the ability to create portals to specific times and places in the past using nothing more than a book and his own will.
The twitching, addled man makes a tragic error. He looks to Alastair for direction. Quicker than a snake bite, Cas grabs the man’s arm and twists, effectively making him drop the blade right into Cas’s waiting hand. Dean steps back at the same time, getting into a neutral, defensive stance. Cas thrusts the blade up under the man’s ribs and has the dripping tip under Alastair’s jaw before either of them realizes what’s happened. They hear the body drop, even if no one pays it any attention.
Cas can see the disappointment flash across Dean’s face even as he tries to school his expression. Cas is frustrated with himself. This man just sucked his brains out through his cock. He was trusting enough to let Cas thrust into his mouth. He’s been nothing but generous. Cas can give him this.
Cas nods in understanding before he throws his head back and comes, screaming Dean’s name. Just as his cock kicks out the first spurt of come, Dean lifts him easily and swallows him down. Moving from the chilly salt water to the molten heat of Dean’s mouth adds another layer to the sensory overload. Cas feels his eyes cross as he huffs out a whine. He looks down his body to watch Dean suck and lick him clean while his adventurous sex organ slithers along his cock, reveling in the creamy come.
The thickness of Cas inside his body fills every crevice, sheds light on the empty spaces he has forgotten about. His growling babble of praise is making Dean fly even higher than he thought possible. Heart racing and pulse pounding, his body feels expansive, ready to explode like a supernova.
Cas sits back suddenly, slipping his pants off while he tells Dean to turn over. He spills over, letting Cas guide him to his back with a pillow under his hips. His thighs rest over Cas’s, and Dean realizes this is the moment of truth. Cas is holding his thick cock, ready to slide home. Their eyes meet and hold, and Dean feels the tip of him breach his hole. The stretch is more than he anticipated. Cas is so much bigger than his fingers. “Fuck,” he breathes.
The look of disgust on the detective’s face makes Dean’s stomach flip. It’s been a long time since he has been directly confronted by bigotry, and he can’t help but dig in a little in response. “That means we fuck. A lot. Two or three times a day, actually.”
He shoves a passable smile onto his face and says, “Thank you. I’ve been waiting for you to rescue me.”
They walk to the front of the building and around the corner. Cas points out his apartment on the third floor, but they keep walking. At the end of the block, an ancient diner sings its siren song of enticing smells. Butter, coffee, and salty bacon waft through the air. Before he swings the door open, Cas takes in the expression of desire on Dean’s face. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen you so happy, Dean. I have to admit that I’m feeling a little inadequate.”
Uncharacteristically, Jimmy’s head is pounding with a nasty headache. The lights around them feel too bright, every sound harsh and sharp. Dean is leaning heavily on him, which should probably bother him more than it does. His weight is welcome, though, like a comfort he didn’t know he craved.
“C’mon, man,” Dean pleads. “I’m trying to drop the charges and save you guys a lot of paperwork. Just let the guy go.”
Dean claims to be tired when the other men are playing cards, so Cas retires early with him. Cas hears the whoosh of the privacy curtains closing behind them when they enter the cell. The sound registers as a red flag. They haven’t closed them much in the recent weeks.
Leaning into the shower wall, Dean takes himself in hand and strokes. Sighs fall from his lips even as frustration builds in their bond. A queasy wrongness crawls over him as it protests him not being with Castiel. He tries to push it aside, rationalize his need to take the edge off so he can finish his work. That’s the thing about soul bonds, though. You can’t reason with them.
Michael’s lust-filled eyes coast over him, and it is all he can do not to gag. He leans over Dean, intentionally rubbing against him as he cuts the zip-ties. Dean blinks back his emotion. He has to keep it reined in until he’s in a position to get help. Boyar gives him a hand to his feet and then turns to grab a box. “Why don’t you carry that case of water?”
Cas shakes his head at her as he flops gracelessly into the reclining chair, feet crossing at the ankles. “He’s not for you, Meg.”
“Exactly.” After a leisurely kiss, Dean adds, “I also would have done permanent damage to my brother to protect you.”
As Cas runs a hand through Dean’s hair, he explains, “No, Dean’s getting on his knees for an entirely different reason.” There’s enough innuendo in the statement to make Benny splutter and blush. Dean knocks his hand away and sits back in his chair muttering about Cas being a spoilsport.
Castiel huffs out a laugh. “No, I’m fourth in line. My brothers Michael and Luke are second and third.”
The other man’s head comes up abruptly and Jimmy is surprised by how much softer Dean looks with tears in his eyes and his lashes clumped together. There is something delicate to his features, making him a contrast in both masculine and feminine. Without the scowl, he looks younger than Jimmy had initially thought as well. He is probably younger than him by a couple of years. He is far too young to have experienced such tragedy.
Dean is going out of his mind. He has never experienced this level of sexual frustration. Cas is everywhere. His injuries are in the most inconvenient places, forcing him to need assistance with just about every task during the day. So, Cas is there, feeding him, dressing him, bathing him, reading to him. The man’s hands are on him all day long, and not only is Dean not supposed to reciprocate, he literally can’t.
Dean doesn’t mean to be flippant, but he doesn’t know how else to deal with the strain between them.
Soon, she’s done with the lines, and sets her tools aside. “I’ve got a client until noon, but if you come back at about one, I might be able to get the rest done before my next appointment. I’ll get a good part of it done, anyway. Sound good?”
“Cas, I can’t take anymore,” Dean pants, sweat running down his neck. He’s been on a plateau of just about to come for so long that he doesn’t remember when his brain could focus on anything else. His legs are trembling and there is a deep pulsing in his balls as Cas toys with them.
“Okay,” Sam tilts his head back against the head rest as he slumps down in the Impala’s seat. “Hey, Bobby?”
Dean hears the door to the yard being yanked open and, despite the oppressive heat outside, the temperature drops as tension climbs. “Take that fucking knife off of him right now and I might not shove it up your ass.”
The cop’s partner, who had been hanging back, passes them with his gun raised. He’s apparently interested in the same noises they’d all heard.
“Do you share other features with the octopus?” Cas feels the long, slithering arms reaching his extremities, tangling around his own limbs and tightening. He’s lifted off his feet by them, buoyed by the water. It’s awkward at first, letting these foreign appendages keep him upright. But just like Dean’s fully human body, he is strong beyond belief and shows no sign of faltering.
Dean’s eyes dart over his features, blown pupils seeing too much of Cas’s desire. He bites his lip and blushes, which tears down yet another of Cas’s defensive walls. Fuck Helen of Troy. Dean, in all of his coy and kinky splendor, could make any man want to offer him the world.
Cas shushes him and crawls up his body to lay in his arms. “I didn’t pull away because I wanted to taste you, sweetheart. I've wanted to feel you cum on my tongue for a very long time.”
Now, he is saved from that painful reality. He will start his career by Cas’s side, learning the organization from its upper echelons down. He will have the youngest Avtoritet in their history to give him advice and aid him in navigating the world of organized crime in Moscow.
When he returns, Cas puts a hand on his shoulder and presses down. Dean slips to his knees with just the hint of suggestion, and Cas ruffles his hair affectionately in response. He tips Dean’s chin up to meet his eye. “Today, you are mine. You have promised to submit to me and let me take care of you. Is that still your wish?”
No. He will not surrender, even if capture is imminent. He will fight to the very end, just like he has been training to do since childhood. He speeds toward the riverbank, seeing that the current is swifter than he anticipated. It is ripping around the scattered rocks, causing it to foam up white. Damn, this is going to hurt. Dean braces himself as he dives in. No amount of preparation could have lessened the shock to his body.
Dean toys with his mouth, keeping the contact light and feathery between them, even while the rest of them is consumed by rough, hungry movements. “Kiss me, Cas,” he whispers.
He glides down and back a few times, getting lost in the texture and taste of him. He hears Dean’s breathing turn ragged, sees his hands gripping the sheets tightly. Cas pulls off momentarily and guides Dean’s hands off the bed and into his hair.
Soothing him with gentle words and touches, Cas gets closer and closer, until he drifts into Dean’s reach and he snatches him off the bench and drags him into his lap. The air is filled with an undignified, very high-pitched squeak that Cas denies came from him, and Dean is laughing too hard to push the issue. Cas turns himself to straddle Dean’s lap, bringing their bodies to fit together like pieces of a puzzle. Cas grins at the delighted sound coming from Dean. In some ways, he is such an innocent. He finds joy in the simplest of things, and Cas can’t help but see the world differently through his eyes.
“Let me be very clear so there are no more misunderstandings, Castiel. I want you. I want to be with you. I want us to be a couple and everything that entails.”
Owning a vehicle for the first time in his life has given Cas a light, joyous feeling. It doesn’t matter to him that it doesn’t run. It’s his. He bought it with money that he earned with his own hands. If this is how people always feel when they do honest work, he can see the appeal.
“Stop,” Dean laughs and drops his head backwards to push the sharp teeth away while he finally gets the key in the lock.
As soon as Cas’s brain catches up with what is happening, adrenaline spikes through his body and a scream leaves his lips, “NO!”
I have to vent a little to those of you that read the notes. I never realized how difficult I was making my life when I decided to set this story in 1853. Did you know that the terms gay and homosexual were not used in the 1850's? Did you know that the words boyfriend and kinky are also not in their lexicon?
This day was supposed to be joyful. Instead, Dean goes into his room and curls up on the mattress that he hasn’t even had time to put in its frame, let alone make up with sheets.
As soon as he can force his eyes open, Cas seeks out Dean’s mouth, drinking thirstily from the fount of his devotion. Once Cas slips free of his body, Dean turns and drapes his arms around his neck and waist. Their touches are gentle, adoring, and exactly what Dean needs.
His eyes go wide and his jaw drops. He can’t stay here for 72 hours. He’s already in a pretty weak state. He can feel the tether between them pulling, demanding his attention. In three days, he’ll be a wreck.
He’s gone too far. Before the words leave his lips, he wishes that he had a way to lasso the sound waves and tug them back to himself. Instead of apologizing like a sane person, though, Dean digs in and sets his arms across his chest. That’s right, tough guy. Challenge an angel. See where that gets you.
After his body goes numb from the abuse, a few of the French youth snatch him up from the ground and drag him along with them. His feet can’t bear his weight anymore, so he lets them trail behind him. He isn’t actually in a hurry to get where they are taking him anyway. He can’t imagine it’s going to be a good place.
Cas looks away, a blush staining his cheeks and heating his ears. “You little shit,” Dean accuses. “How long?”
“I think it’s great, Dean. It’s big enough to grow into for years, its in a neighborhood that meets all of your criteria, and it’s close to everything you’d need. The loft is an amazing bonus.”
“Sir, you will find him ready for your every enjoyment,” says the most smug, pretentious Fae he’s met yet.
For over a decade, Cas and Dean visit Patty on Christmas Eve, until she retires and leaves the bar to her son. Now she receives photos and a long letter every year in a horrific and ridiculous Christmas card.
He starts walking towards the tallest, burliest man with Dean sagging at his side. While most of his body is trying to check out, Dean’s hands are everywhere, sliding up under his shirt and down the back of his jeans. Cas’s skin is crawling, nausea making his stomach roll and putting the tingle of sickness at the back of his throat. Pinpricks of cold sweat are dotting his face and neck. His vision is starting to tunnel as the unwanted touch continues. Fuck! He will not have a goddamn panic attack right now. He could stop it in its tracks if he just got Dean’s hands away from him. He won’t push him away, though. No matter what it personally costs him, he will see Dean safely on his way home.
As soon as he says the words, he knows he’s pushed the scale down a little too far into judgmental. He reads it in Alastair’s eyes. When the leader stiffens and straightens his back, his minions follow suite. Dean’s upheld hands shift slightly into a defensive posture. “Easy now, boys. I’m not looking for trouble.”
Dean pulls away, murmurs “Bed,” and then dives back in. Cas smiles against his lips and pushes off the wall. As he walks them across the long room and up the little stairs, he helps shed all of their clothing. He allows himself a brief moment of wonderment when he sees Dean’s body. This god of a man is his. He can finally touch him like he he’s been itching to for months.
Dean has to hold back a whimper. Cas is stroking himself with a steady grip, pulling groans of pleasure out of his chest. His face is flush with both exertion and the chill. His breathing kicks up and brings Dean’s along with it.
Dean leans forward and touches his forehead to Cas’s, cradling his head in his hands. It is an intimate gesture, one that speaks of a closeness beyond friendship.
When Dean clears his throat but doesn’t continue, Cas tilts his chin up to meet his eye. “What do you want, Dean?”
Cas nods as he pops a piece of an apricot into his mouth. “I spent a year studying in Paris. It was quite the educational experience.”
“Castiel, he will only be there until he is out of recovery. They’ll bring him back tomorrow.” Bart soothes in Russian.
“Sorry about that,” Cas scowls. “They’re a little...” He trails off in the middle of his sentence, looking at Dean with fascination.
After a filling meal with their host family, Cas and Dean wander back to the Acropolis. As the sun sets and the stars begin to show, Dean is mesmerized.
“Mmm. I like you all over me,” he murmurs and Cas’s brain just about shorts out. The possessive beast in him wants to take the idea and run with it. He wants to cover Dean in his come, keep himself wrapped around this man until they smell and taste like each other.
Lust drunk eyes penetrate him. Dean moans at a particularly hard thrust. “Yes, yes, yes...” he repeats with each one after it.
Cas leans forward and captures his lips in a wet, demanding kiss. He curls his tongue sinuously around Dean’s, taking and prodding until he hears a muffled sound escape from Dean’s throat. When he pulls back, he studies his lust-hooded eyes.
Dean was sure that there was a story behind that response, but he didn’t push. The only words Cas spoke on the way to the tattoo shop were directions. Before he got out, he pleaded with Dean. “Think about how you would react if you were watching something like this happen to someone you care about. What would you want them to do?”
Even as he gasps to replenish his oxygen-starved body, Cas crawls back up his body and kisses him. Dean tastes himself in Cas’s mouth and he chases it, finding the act so much more erotic than he imagined. Cas is redefining everything for him. “I told you that you tasted sweet,” Cas whispers into his hair.
He turns away from them to continue his task. Their drunken giggles and slurred words grate down his spine. Add to it the shift and clang of his chains and he is experiencing his own symphony of hell.
Dean watches tears flow unbidden over Cas’s cheeks. Decades of pain are contained in that one simple statement, and Dean’s eyes fill with emotion, too.
Dean rocks forward, blasphemy on his lips. Cas follows his motion, chasing the taste of Dean’s skin tinged with sweet fruit. Dean is caught by his position, can only back up into Cas’s mouth or stay where he is. Cas uses it to his advantage, stroking his flexed cheeks with a firm grip while he pushes the bead into place with his tongue.
Dean smirks when he sees the prince’s cool visage crack. He blinks rapidly and swallows hard, all the reaction he can allow in this room. “That won’t be necessary.”
He sighs and stares out the window. This part of Southie is gentrifying. Sway-backed businesses share walls with shiny new hipster establishments. This strip alone boasts a pawn shop, an upscale coffee shop, a pool hall, and a vintage clothing store that looks like it belongs on Rodeo Drive. Soon, most of Southie will be gobbled up and repackaged as chic. He wonders where all of his clients will move then?
“Dean, relax. I’m paying for all of this. There is no need to panic.” Cas is smirking at him, but it in no way malicious. His hand rests on Dean’s elbow, a grounding, calming gesture of support.
Thank all that is holy, Boyar interprets his meltdown as evidence that Cas’s presence is scaring him. “Okay, okay. You can help me, and then you won’t ever have to see him again.”
Sure, when he and Sam were still kids, Dean did what he had to do to earn a few bucks, but he never let himself think about being with a man in any other situation. He was pretty enough to command a good price for letting men use his mouth, and it was a lot easier to drop to his knees for a few minutes than to try to find a legitimate job. The only job he could have found would have taken all of his free hours for the same earnings. His time was better spent helping Sam with his homework and teaching him to throw a baseball. Plus, they  never stayed anywhere long enough to keep a job even if he had found one.
“I know. Fuck. I know I screwed up, Dean. They needed a lookout. That’s all I was supposed to do, I swear.”
Hot and silky, Cas’s huge cock feels so good in his hand. He knows this is a rare opportunity to touch, so he’s memorizing the feel of him, soaking in every texture. He rubs his thumb back and forth over the frenulum, pulling a deep moan from Cas. When he slides the tip of a finger into his slit, Cas grabs the back of his head and plunders his mouth. “Fuck, I can’t believe how good this feels,” Cas admits.
There is a running dialogue in his head trying to keep him from grasping what he wants. ‘Focus on your prize, Dean. Think about what you will get to have if you can just hang on for a few more minutes. Don’t listen to Cas’s siren song.’
There is no right choice here. If he should try to keep Dean here, the rebellion will come for him. Normally, that wouldn’t be an issue as Dean should be able to leave at any moment. However, some of his abilities aren’t functioning, and he can’t take the chance that he could be stuck here. If he sends Dean away to find an alternate place to meet, Cas is concerned that he won’t be strong enough to summon a way to get back. Horrible options, both of them.
His voice remains gentle and light, but Cas knows that Dean won’t be dissuaded away from his confession. Honestly, he has every right to ask and be given the truth. Cas is surprised by the discipline it must have taken to allow Cas this additional time for them both to reacquaint themselves. This conversation will go much smoother now that they’ve taken care of their biological and emotional needs.
When he drags his fingers back, he searches for the little spot that will give Dean intense pleasure. Sure enough, Dean shouts out his surprise, immediately coming up on his hands. His lustful gaze turns to Cas, who looks back like the cat who got the cream. With Dean’s eyes on him, he repeats the motion. Dean’s eyes close and his mouth opens on another moan.
Sam laughs out of surreal relief and runs his hands back through his hair. “So, this is good news. What was unfortunate?”
Castiel can appreciate the brutal honesty, the guileless desperation. This is a man with nothing to lose, and he wants nothing more than to sweep Dean up into the bosom of the Solntsevskaya Bratva. There are considerations, however. His is an organization that requires eternal devotion; there is no exit strategy. Dean cannot simply leave when his sentence is up. Castiel does not want to offer protection only to have to put a bullet in the man’s brain in a few short months.
After the first week of their honeymoon, Cas asks Dean if he’s ready to travel. Dean shakes his head from where it rests against his chest. “No, I think I’d like to stay for another week. Is that okay?”
His head tilts with a snarl, “And you’re alright with advertising that you’re a sub looking to be dominated?”
He can’t imagine what this chaotic woman could possibly wish him to learn. He’s thousands of years her senior, and it is insulting that she believes him lacking.
“I just thought you’d be more comfortable with your own space.” Dean is shaking his head before he completes the thought.
Looking up, he sees Dean watching from the other side of the wall of windows with a pleased smile. Abandoning his torment of the girls, he joins the man who can melt him with that look.
“Thanks, lover boy, but he does all the heavy lifting with that gorgeous artwork.” Meg hands him gauze bandage. “So when do you think I’ll get you in my chair?”
“I told you, yes.” Dean grits out the words between his teeth, his breathing picking up and nostrils flaring. Castiel recognizes the signs of his anger and tries to calm him with a hand on his shoulder. Instead of settling him, the touch makes his back tighten into an unnatural rigidity.
Dean sits up behind him and leans his head against the prince’s shoulder. “We really killed the festive mood, didn’t we?”
Dean’s ready for fucked out kisses, but Cas needs to come first, so he satisfies himself with just one long, messy kiss while he adjusts his stance. He gets his knees under him and tucks his feet under Cas’s legs so he has leverage and grip to ride Cas hard. Dean knows from experience that as soon as he starts bouncing in his lap, Cas will go off like fireworks.
Cas has been complacent too long with the way Mikhail has been letting things slide. The Pakhan has always tended toward lazy, and if he’s honest, it’s apparent how much back-sliding has happened in Cas’s absence. Once he gets over his little snit, Cas will sit him down and they will plan how to best repair what has been left to rot. If this many problems were brought up during the long-winded meeting, surely there are about a hundred others that haven’t had light shed on them yet. There’s a lot of work to be done. After all, it’s never a good idea to let thieves run the treasury, and this particular treasury runs into the billions.
They trade fucked out kisses, sated and slow for a few blissful minutes. Too soon, Cas climbs out of his lap and tucks himself away.
Dean studies his face, eyes darting back and forth between his until he finally rushes to capture Cas’s lips, just as his hands cradle both sides of his face. Forgetting that Cas’s arm is in a cast and can’t be used to support his weight, Dean leans too far into him and they both tumble over onto the remains of their meal.
“Hey. Breathe. He doesn’t know anything. He can’t suspect anything yet. We have time to get away without him catching on. Okay?”
Dean had no idea that so many places on his body were capable of bringing him pleasure. Cas could teach a university class with the knowledge he has shown him tonight. His nipples are hard and aching after Cas played with them, tugging and pinching. Dean has never really touched them except to wash his chest. It never occurred to him.
Bile jumps into his throat, the false words costing him dearly. He is unclean down to his very soul and he wants to right the injustice. Not yet.
He doesn’t get an answer, just an evil little chuckle that precedes him around the corner. When he follows, because of course he does, he sees tarps laid out over the floor to cover the entire surface. The lights over his large canvas area against the back wall are turned off, leaving it in shadow, but there are large umbrella lights set up around the room.
“I went to her, placating and subservient. She let me practically grovel.” Cas is seething with emotion, his restraint tattered. Delicate lights in their private rooms flicker and shake with his emphasized words. He begins pacing the open floor under impossibly high ceilings, so he loosens the grip he has on his true form. All six wings stretch themselves into this realm. They snap up and out, feathers fluffed to release some of the intense heat he is gathering due to his rancor.
Cas had wondered if the connection would affect the human hunter like it did other angels. Apparently, their mating rituals aren’t completely angel-specific.
“I was worried. You haven’t been yourself since we’ve been back. I was concerned that the atmosphere here might be blocking some of those new attributes of yours.”
“Since the day I met you,” Cas admits, too far gone to deal with teasing. His hand grips Dean’s arm to offset some of the urgency as he pleads with him to hurry. “Now, Dean. Please. Don’t make me wait anymore. Please.”
His successful, sexy boyfriend closed on his dream location for his apprenticeship program yesterday, and he got the keys from the bank today. Wiping a hand over his face, he drops his head back to the sky. No matter how shitty he feels, he can’t bail on this celebration with Dean.
When they get to the door, Dean fumbles with the keys while Cas wraps him up in his arms and nips at the nape of his neck.
Dean particularly likes the way some words sound, and he walks around the cave repeating them. He has been saying the word “fish” for the last several minutes, but instead of finding it annoying, Cas finds it incredibly cute.
“I know. But that’s not even the half of it. This is the most inefficient way of traveling I’ve ever seen. That one dude, the one with green and purple hair, is in charge of this disaster, and there is no method to how he does anything.”
Cas purses his lips, reluctance tight in their lines, but he speaks. “Have you ever heard of power dynamics in relationships?”
Expanding his senses to fill the enclosed space, he locates Dean and storms ahead of his guide. He finds a swarm of bodies surrounding something huddled up on the pedestal. When he is close enough to touch them, they are shoved unceremoniously out of his way.
Cas meets his eye with confusion. Dean tells him the story of how they met with great animation. How they were both forgotten at school after detention and they walked home together, laughing about how upset everyone would be.
Opening his office door without knocking, Mikhail beams victoriously at him. “I was surprised to hear that you agreed with my decision, Dima”
Dean chuckles and starts to grab his hand. As soon as their fingers touch, Dean realizes his error and pulls back. Without looking at Cas, he offers a quick apology and walks to the back of the room, a little of the giddy tension deflating between them.
Cas swallows around his own emotion and pets the hair away from Dean’s forehead. “That’s impossible, Dean. You are pure temptation.”
Cas slips two fingers into Dean’s hole, keeping the rhythm as he demands, “Open your eyes. Look at them.”
Cas sidles up close to him, speaking softly so that the others cannot overhear. “You know there are several things that I don’t mind you taking out on me, but your foul mood is not one of them.”
Dean doesn’t answer, but he’s at work by now, and it’s an unknown number. He smiles at Dean’s voice in his voice mail message, and rattles off a quick message for him. It doesn’t say anything that he’s dying to get off his chest, but it’s first contact. It’s progress toward resolving this horrible ache.
Dean makes his way over and flops down onto the bed with a bone-deep sigh. Cas tucks himself against his side, one hand drifting into his hair to play with the short strands. Dean leans into Cas’s touch, letting the feel of his angel soothe him. They relax together, watching the dappled sunlight play across the top of their tent.
“I’m going to keep pushing you, challenging you. I’m going to bring you to highs that you can’t even conceive of right now. I can and will get you to a state of bliss that is better than opiates. Sometimes the highs come with lows when we come back down to Earth. I need you to know that whatever happens, however you react, it’s normal and accepted. I love you. Alright?”
He isn’t sure now why he thought that Dean was going to be delusional, but he’d have preferred it to the sharp intelligence that had pierced into all of his dark places. He’d had so many questions when he’d woken up in the hospital all those long months ago. He’d wondered why he couldn’t remember anything about his past at all, why Amelia was a stranger to him. If he had married someone, wouldn’t they be familiar even with an impaired memory? Wouldn’t the years together make enough of an impression to make him feel…something?
“He’s trying to get to the hospital where they’ve taken Dean. When they said no, he insisted on seeing the warden.”
“I will do the best I can. I don’t want to stay there any longer than necessary because I think they’re already figuring out that I’m different.”
Dean thrusts his arm through the bars as far as it can go before the thickness of his muscle impedes the way. He grips the back of Cas’s neck, pulling him closer. “I can’t go yet.”
He shakes his head vigorously. “No, that fucking animal hit him with a bat.” Dean’s teeth are clenched and his face twisted into a grimace. “He broke his arm and he’s bleeding. He’s bleeding so much and I can’t make it stop,” he adds, words going long and distorted through his tears.
As soon as the intense wave passes, Cas takes him in hand and strokes vigorously. He immediately tries to swat Cas away, expecting to feel oversensitive.
Boredom is the devil’s playground. Castiel is bored, and he can say, with rather impressive certainty, that nothing good will come of it. His philanthropic pursuits aren’t giving much of a chase, the castle is close to empty now that winter is almost upon them, and he has been feeling a gray, out of character ennui. He wants to ask after the British soldier, simply for a sense of closure, he reasons. Whether it is pride or self-preservation that stops him, he isn’t sure.
But if the connection isn’t physical, how could he smell, taste, and touch so vividly? How could he feel so much?
Castiel can see the fight struggle up and come back into his eyes. "I am a prisoner either way. Why should I not fight?"
“I spoke with Ivan last week, in anticipation of these orders. I asked him to bring a petition to Mikhail for me. I asked him for more time, and I asked for you to be able to come with me. Both were denied.”
It takes a great amount of cajoling before Alexander’s chamberlain finally grants him an unscheduled audience with his brother. It irks him, but he will be patient with the formality in order to get what he wants.
Dean pouts, but he agrees. As Cas is walking away, he commands, “Stay right here. I’ll be back in two minutes.”
He’s in no hurry to move. He’s still buried inside of Cas, his arms around him, and his nose burrowing into his damp neck.
Sam is completely baffled. If Sorin’s French wasn’t so fluent, he might worry that something was getting lost in the translation. Unfortunately, it seems that their concerns are greater than language barrier. Dean has disappeared. Where could he be?
Dean holds the prince’s earnest gaze. He feels shame. Not because of this infatuation or for anything sexual that is happening between them. He is ashamed of his cowardice. If he can’t own his decisions, then he has no business engaging this captivating man.
Sleep isn’t a necessity for either of them anymore, but they both enjoy resting in each other’s arms for hours while Cas tells him stories of his long life before Dean. Told through their telepathic connection, Dean experiences them through Cas’s memories with perfect clarity.
Dean is going to lose his mind if he doesn’t think of something else. He focuses on the his most dreaded task at home. It isn’t mucking the stalls, plowing the fields, or any other filthy chore. It’s balancing the accounts. Lord, does he hate the tedium of accounting for each penny. He is breathing easier, and Cas notices.
Dean regrets every nice thought he’s ever had about Castiel. The guards were more than happy to accommodate Castiel’s bizarre request to ‘restrict his movements’ during the festivities because he is ‘too dangerous’ to leave unattended. Now, at random, people wander back to either make use of the bed or ogle Dean while he is held fast.
In the image of a colorful fish, some of the belly scales are shaped strangely. Upon closer inspection, they form the letters WPPP. As Dean is studying the image, Cas stands up and expels some of his energy by pacing. Dean grins to himself. Cas has always done this when he’s trying to solve a problem. Something about moving his body helps him organize his thinking.
As Cas tries to shift direction, Dean decides he’s ready to claim his prize. With a burst of speed, he takes his omega to the ground, but rolls to absorb most of the impact. They land in a dense patch of ferns that are protecting thick mosses beneath. It’s the perfect bed for him and his omega.
Dean’s eyes go wide with surprise, but he doesn’t utter a word. What can he say, after all? He has already disagreed with Pakhan as much as he is willing to risk. His heart is beating furiously, panicking at the idea of reporting directly to this vindictive man. How angry is he at Cas’s rebellion? How far is he willing to go to get even?
Jesus. Cas’s voice is pumice-rough and so much deeper than his typical timber. Is this his sex voice? Dammit. So much for the distraction from lust. Dean is feeling bold.
Cas picks up the bronze and black Colt that Dean had just set back on the counter. Without taking his eyes from the clerk, he ejects the clip and field strips it in less than twenty seconds. With a feral grin, he leans forward, “Now, are you going to give me the gun I asked for?”
“Am I not a member of this group? Do you not intend to use me as a soldier and benefit from my profits?”
Cas isn’t hiding. Not really. After the intense encounter last night, he is too emotionally raw to be near Dean. When Dean closed his eyes last night, their little bubble burst. Without his willing partner in delusion, he couldn’t continue fantasizing that Dean is his. He can’t pretend that it was just a fun night of sex with the man he loves.
Cas lines himself up and pushes his cock in, shallow, figure-eight thrusts enough to squeeze himself into the tight heat a few centimeters at a time. Dean forces himself to relax, breathing through the intrusion. Using his own come as lube, he finally bottoms out. Cas groans at the feeling, while Dean melts into the table.
Her sigh is quiet, but he hears it, even before he turns on the speaker phone so he can cook and talk at the same time. “Why won’t you let me come help?”
Dean pushes the widest part through, and Cas’s greedy ass swallows the rest of the head. He tugs back gently to feel how Cas tightens around him. The pressure is exquisite and a groan is ripped from his slack mouth.
Whirlwinds of activity swirl through every room and occupy every mind. This is just the window of distraction Dean needs. Castiel will, no doubt, be drunk, drugged, or so buried in other bodies that he will not spare a thought for his reluctant servant during the entire night. Dean knows that his guards can be cajoled into letting him use the privy if he whines enough about hating chamber pots. Once behind them, he can sneak away from them easily enough. He is housed at the back corner of the castle, closest to the Bucegi Mountains. Yes, Castiel’s chambers are on the fifth floor. Yes, he will have to wade through the crowds on the third floor during the party without being recognized, but he’s still escaped worse situations.
Cas has abandoned his cello as well. There is no more music in his world, and it is tearing Dean apart. He understands that his One is suffering, but his own helplessness is driving him mad. He has been completely shut out of every part of Cas’s life that matters. Something has to give.
Unfortunately, he looks down at the junction between their bodies and catches sight of his slicked up cock penetrating Cas. He remembers that Cas used his own wing oil as lube before, and just the thought that it could be on his body again is enough to send Dean hurtling toward the edge.
A huff of amusement comes from Dean. “Mission? It’s not that serious, Cas. I assure you that no one here cares if I suck you off during this play.”
In the morning, Castiel plans to fortify all of the promises the crown prince made at the feast. He will take advantage of the fact that he is the only member of the royal family that will not be suffering greatly from this evening’s festivities. He will use that advantage to secure Dean’s position at court.
Cas grins around the lip of his cup when Dean turns back to eating. He finishes the paper quickly, only truly interested in the business section. He takes part in the easy camaraderie between his men, wishing that Dean spoke their language. He makes it a point to translate anything that is particularly funny, and teaches him a few important words. He is impressed by the speed with which Dean picks up language. He figures out many words just from listening to their conversations. Dean is devastatingly beautiful, but he is smart, too. Without a plan to do it, Cas finds himself making spaces in his life for this lovely young man. He has to keep reminding himself that Dean is not actually his. Not yet.
I wasn't very nice to either of the boys in this chapter, but it is necessary. It gets worse before it gets much, much better.
This entire event rankles. Among this group of ‘masters’, Cas finds not one that he has any respect for. They are all vile, predatory Fae.  Laughter and foul jokes erupt whenever the head of security, Theofanis, issues another order for them to pass along to their slaves. They boast of their rapes and abuse of the poor creatures that have found themselves choked by their cruel collars.
He gestures for Dean to lead the way back inside. Cas looks to the crowd of men surrounding them. “If any of you have been wronged by him, feel free to take it out of his hide.”
Dean shrugs his leather coat off and offers to hang up Cas’s as well. When he disappears into the closet, Cas peeks in. “This is almost as big as my room,” he scoffs.
“Also, I found a Facebook page for Jimmy. It started less than two years ago. It talks about his recovery from an accident he had, and there are a bunch of people from his job on it, but no family and no friends before this job. Not a single picture of him and his wife. I thought that was odd, so I looked into their marriage. There isn’t a marriage license on file for them in this county or any other in California.”
Castiel wishes that he could take full credit for the idea. It is actually Dean who has been teaching him to apply military tactics to the game of chess. As the rest of the room finalizes plans for troop movement, Cas loses himself in his memories.
The endless days of giving in to the pleasures of the flesh blend into each other until Cas realizes that he’s lost track of how long they’ve been on the journey. It’s been weeks, he knows that much. They are no longer under scrutiny from the Fae, and they are treated like honored guests. Dean is still considered a slave to them, but they speak to him with kindness now. It’s still not enough, but the couple spends the majority of their time sequestered in their tent anyway.
It should sound complimentary. The man might even mean it that way. Instead, it comes off smarmy and dripping with sordidness. ‘We’ as in, all of us belong here and you don’t. The intent is to remind him that he is an outsider, and that they know all they need to know about him based on some gossip.
As he’s walking away, Michael can’t help but jab, “Guarding someone is a lot easier when you keep them in eyesight.”
Dean brushes soft lips against his. “I feel the same, baby. But, I know what is required of you. There will be times when you must bite your tongue for the short term. He isn’t going to turn my head, so please, let’s be rational about our choices.”
Dean nods and Cas kisses him again. This time, his lips and tongue carefully uncover the banked desire in them both, bringing it alive and fanning it to new heights. Dean feels consumed by his attentions. He’s burning for him, aching to be taken. The sensations are intense and raw, and Dean can’t conceive of having this with anyone else.
His thumbs are only a few short inches from Cas’s hand as it moves along the shaft. Dean lets his eyes slip closed. Maybe if he isn’t watching, it will give him a layer of insulation.
“We should play a drinking game,” Cas suggests and nods at the TV where the ominous swirl of the hundreds of miles wide storm replays on a continuous loop.
So, here he is on a Tuesday night, knocking on Dean’s door and hoping like hell to see some improvement. When Dean rips the door open, his heart sinks. Dean is still wearing the same clothes he was wearing on Sunday. His hair is greasy and sticking out everywhere. His eyes are sunken and dark-shadowed. He still isn’t eating, he’d guess.
He can feel the grip of Cas’s fingers on his carotids, the rapid beat of his heart against them. He feels the tight pressure around his windpipe. Dots dance in his vision as he races toward release. Cas is snapping his hips into him, stroking his weeping cock, and maintaining the perfect hold on his airway. Dean’s losing coherent thought, the danger of the moment dipping into his adrenaline reserves. His whole body tingles with vivid sensation; Cas has him on the edge of the cliff already. So fucking quick.
Dean pulls his t-shirt off over his head and drops it on the floor. Taking Cas’s hands, he moves them to his chest. Cas takes suggestion well, and he explores all of Dean’s newly uncovered flesh.
Cas leans back into him, grinding his ass against Dean’s fattening cock. Turning his head to look over his shoulder, Cas adds, “If I was wearing those little panties you love, you could just push the thong aside and sink in.”
Cas scans him from head to toe, comes to rest on his lips for a beat longer than necessary, and then finally meets his eye. “I was beginning to wonder. Why are you all wet?”
“This is infinitely better than I remember it,” Cas admits when he looks down at Dean once again. It had taken him a minute or two to get himself under control when Dean first touched him, but his true form is no longer threatening to rip his vessel apart to chase the touch of his human hunter.
Dean thinks, rubbing his hand distractedly over the back of his neck. “I want to say at least a month? I first remember him at a pick-up game like this one.”
Cas lifts his eyebrow and gestures for him to follow. He leads them to one of the bedrooms, and it strikes Dean how little has really changed in homes in two millennia. The thing that he’s the most thankful for is the door that Cas shuts behind them.
Dean rolls his eyes. Shurley had moved him out of the way enough to allow the asshole to set his burden down. When he rolls the other man onto the hospital bed, Dean sees the reason for their visit. Vivid red streaks across the white linen turn the hideous orange clothing into a mottled brown.
Alexei is turning a deep, worrisome red, but he tries to speak. “I apologize, Pakhan. You were gone, and I was forbidden from speaking of your plans.”
He slicks up his cock, teasing Dean with a show of how good it feels. “Be a good boy and let me in,” he purrs when his cock nudges at his entrance again.
The worst part of this horrible, sordid mess, is that Cas can’t stand to be touched after what Bart tried to do to him. He is terrified all the time, and that fear extends to Dean as well. Rationally, he trusts Dean completely. He’s in love with him, and wants to spend his life by his side. The reality is that he hasn’t let Dean within a few feet of him since he woke up after the attack.
Cas wastes no time whipping his own pants over and off his hips, letting them drop to the floor forgotten when Dean climbs back in his lap. Cas holds his hips, letting him move sinuously without fear of falling. Dean rocks and grinds, tangling his hands in Cas’s hair and around his neck.
“Overwhelming evidence.” He pulls Cas in by the hips, lining up their groins, not to grind, just to be closer. “For one, I think even your worst habits are cute and endearing.”
Cas considers him for a moment. “Dean, I understand the situation here. Please don’t feel like you need to appease me. I would like for you to feel comfortable enough to be yourself.”
“I can’t promise that he will, but I appreciate the gesture.” Sam turns to Dean, who seems to be staring off in the distance, tired and broken. He gathers his brother up, speaking quietly to him. Before they get a dozen steps away, Dean turns.
“I wouldn’t go that far, just...” Cas looks away. “Shit. This is difficult because, honestly, I don’t want to have this particular limit. I just do.”
The key is too big to fit in a small lock like a lock box. It’s not a car key. More than anything, it looks like a key to a padlock. He strains to make out the engraving on the key, but it’s too filed away. He assumes he was the one to do it, so he can’t exactly complain, but-
“You will never touch me with such disrespect again. I am an angel, a heavenly being who has lived for countless centuries. I am a warrior with authority over legions, and I am the one who has saved you time and time again.”
Glancing at Dean’s arm, he sees that the poison is flowing at an alarming rate, so he doesn’t hesitate to take Dean’s erection in hand. Dean hisses at the contact, pushing his hips up off the soft furs and into Cas’s grip. After a few preliminary pumps, Dean sighs and tries to pull his hands out of his grip so he can touch. For once, the angel holds his ground.
“There are 7 interwoven bands that can separate and create a mess of metal rings if you aren’t careful.” Cas turns it to show him the inscription inside the three center bands, but huffs a laugh at the darkness. “You’ll have to take my word for it, but it says, ‘Kader gayrete âşiktir’, which is an old Turkish saying. It means: destiny is in love with effort.”
Cas makes him stand after the twentieth blow to check in. Dean’s cock is leaking, but he can stand, even if he trembles a bit. Cas lets Dean give him grateful and lust-fueled kisses to extend the break. Cas is surprised that he needs it, too. He’s doing this for Dean, because his gorgeous boyfriend is overcome with the need for pain. He finds that he’s more affected by it than he would have believed. He’s hard and aching, and he can’t wait to fuck into that blistering heat.
Dean pulls the front of his shorts down and tucks them under his balls, exposing his rigid dick. He starts stroking it lightly. “Any chance you’ll take that shirt off and let me come on you?”
Dean turns in circles, trying to get his head around what is happening. Cas must have left him a note. He digs around the desk, the floor, his clothes. Nothing. He looks through the sheets and under the pillows. Finally, he lifts the bed frame to search the floor, hissing in pain when the motion pulls his stitches loose. He goes back through their cell, inch by inch, looking for anything that might tell him where Cas has gone. And then he does it again, and a fourth time. Each time he combs through the room, his actions become more agitated, until he is flinging his belongings, only his, through the room.
Cas grabs the jar of olive oil from the bedside table near the fireplace and pours some over Dean to reduce the friction of their skin after so much tugging and rubbing. The warm, slick oil feels so good that they both sigh in contentment.
Cas gets the message, and gives Dean what he wants. Gentle gives way to hungry. He grips sweaty hair and pulls him in roughly. Their buzzing, incendiary contact heats up, and Dean hums his approval around their tangling tongues. Recognizing that he’s still in front of kids, still technically working, he regretfully pulls away.
Dean tried to ask the guards for books after the first day of isolation, but none of them speak French or English. Castiel, the entitled prick, refuses to translate for him. That’s not entirely true. He did say something to the guards in Romanian which caused uproarious laughter. They didn’t bring books, though.
The smarmy grin gets wider as he steps closer. “Well, it’s of interest to my employer, who is also your friend’s employer.”
When he changes brushes, he catches her out of the corner of his eye. Yanking the wires of his headphones down so they pop out of his ears, he says, “Sorry, I didn’t hear you come in.”
When he opens his mouth to reply, the officer behind him slams his head down onto the hood of the car. Seeing stars, he tries to explain. “It wasn’t me, Dean. I promise. I wouldn’t hurt you.”
“But if I give in, we both don’t get what we want. I’ll have to re-paint every bit of this another time, which means no pictures tonight.”
“So all of these people that we celebrate for their amazing discoveries are just puppets? They aren’t actually the ones thinking and inventing? You have to see how that might be worrisome.”
“Why are we suddenly able to speak telepathically?” he asks. Cas leans in closer because the music is drowning out all of Dean’s words.
Cas looks up at him with a look that has him pressing his lips together in silence. How he manages to command while he’s on his knees with a cock shoved down his throat, Dean hasn’t a clue. But Cas manages it with ease. That’s his last coherent thought before Cas picks up his pace and creates a breathtaking vacuum.
She kisses his temple. “You were hurting. Of course I came. I’m going to go get the nurse and let them know that Cas is awake.”
“He is more important,” Dean admits. Their eyes meet, and the moment weighs heavily between them. He swallows hard and confesses, “I will always choose to be with him.”
At the horrified look on Cas’s face, Dean stops. “We’re going to have anal sex, Cas. It feels fucking amazing, but there are hurdles you’re going to have to get over first.”
This sense of purpose, of belonging, of being wanted by another person and feeling completely fulfilled with them - it’s new and marvelous. It defies all of his misconceptions about relationships, and it settles his soul.
“This isn’t supposed to be a blow job, Dean. You are only to hold my cock in your mouth. Do you understand?”
The clerk gives him a sour look in challenge, “You telling me you know more about guns than I do, son?”
Castiel’s forbidding stare is the only response. “Ok, fine,” he soothes. “I’ll keep my opinions to myself.”
Castiel shrugs, eyes lowered as he takes a step closer. Dean tries to contain the twitch of muscles that looks too much like a flinch. He lifts his eyes again. “I’m just curious why such a...”
Cas puts his feet underneath him and stands, the water caressing every curve as it flows back into the dark pool. “I have decided that you and your brother are right. There is no need to reenact the battle between my brothers. There is no need for the apocalypse.”
Knowing that Dean is trying to be as polite as possible at the moment, Cas guides his hand into his hair as his implicit permission. Dean isn’t a huge fan of face-fucking, but he loves to wind his fingers through Cas’s hair.
“We are responsible for protecting the oceans. We care for the animals, remove problems…” Dean trails off as Cas sits up straighter.
Dean extolls the many virtues of the loft as he gives Cas a tour, including the fact that it is separate enough from the main floor to provide privacy for the tenant. It is a beautiful area, tall ceilings with metal tiles and exposed pipes. All of the surfaces and fixtures are obviously new and expensive. There are so many windows that the living area is filled with natural light. The bedrooms and bathroom are up a couple of steps, cozy little spaces with charming features. The designers obviously kept as much of the original building intact as they could.
Now that Cas is making him visible, he feels the brush and bump against other people. They watch him with barely-restrained suspicion. He can’t blame them. His t-shirt and jeans must look bizarre to them.
Dean reaches up and touches it, remembering the first time he’d seen it. Cas was wearing it around his neck the night they’d met.
Even worse, if Cas is charged with a felony, Dean can’t be involved with him because of his job and the grant money he just accepted. Fuck. Goddamn it!
“I am a righteous man, but I want no part in whatever you have planned. You’d better hope that you didn’t do any permanent damage to Cas, or I’ll make it my life’s mission to see to it that you never spend another day outside of prison.”
Dean knows that there isn’t any dishonesty in his words because he can feel it. He runs his fingertips over Cas’s jaw, and he is intrigued to find that he feels that, too. A shiver runs down his back as he considers the possibilities of this completed bond. What else can he feel?
Cas shucks his pants down forcefully, grabbing Dean’s hips and tilting them up to the right angle. He spits in his hand, ready to start loosening Dean up.
“I was done with the system by the time I was fourteen, and I ended up on the streets. I’m sure you’ve seen enough similar cases to know that there isn’t much legal work for kids that young.”
The mischief in Dean’s eyes pours over him like honey, sweet and sticky. A lift to the corner of Cas’s lips stokes the fire.
They had parted ways at his apartment on the morning after their submission experiment, knowing that it would be a while before they would be able to be together. He’d reluctantly let go of Cas, feeling wrong about it with every fiber of his being. He’d set the thought up on a shelf to contemplate later, and when he got around to examining it late one evening, he’d attributed it to the lingering effects of playing with power dynamics. Of course he didn’t want to let his dominant leave. He’d spent an entire day at the man’s feet being completely dependent on him.
“You drew the line for what you would only do in a relationship. I’m curious about why that is the line.”
Dean whimpers into his mouth as their tongues glide together. He gets a faint earthy flavor, but nothing strong. Even the thought of trading his cum back and forth with Cas is blistering his brain. Knowing that Cas willingly drank him down and then shared it with him might send him into cardiac arrest.
Cas nods his consent, and Dean carefully winds his arms around him. Tucking his head into the side of his neck, Cas explains, “I got a little overwhelmed at the thought of that much money, and I let it spin me out into all sorts of dark thoughts.”
Just as he contemplates going for a ride on his favored Carpathian pony, Războinic, he spots another of his favorites. Hester and another young woman that he doesn’t recognize are gossiping as they move hurriedly towards the kitchens. Licentious thoughts percolate as he follows them.  He knows Hester will indulge him. It doesn’t take more than a look to have Hester panting for him anymore, but the other girl is an unknown quantity. The thrill of a challenge is just what he needs to dispel his boredom.
He is aware that Castiel is to blame for his cuckolding. Everyone in the castle talks about the benevolent prince who rescued the poor soldier from certain death. They sigh and coo over the sweet story. Meanwhile, he must mind his tongue or face treason charges himself. At first, he couldn’t believe that Alexander allowed such weakness. It was later confirmed by his network of eyes that Dean had been seen in Castiel’s chambers. Then, when servants whispered this morning that Dean would be visiting the crown prince, he spotted the youngest prince exiting the council room shortly before the almost entirely unfettered prisoner.
Digging up some napkins from the kitchen drawer, they start planning out how to decipher the code. They try many different methods, which they discard almost immediately. The first option gave them a first number of 422, which isn’t a degree of latitude or longitude. The second one gave them a fraction. It isn’t until they realize that each circuit around the bear alternates direction and whether it applies to latitude or longitude that the numbers finally seem to make sense.
When they part, it is for a quick breath before they fall into each other again. Every flick of Cas’s long, strong tongue against his stokes the flames building in Dean. Muffled sounds of desire mix and reverberate in the wet caverns of their connected mouths. Dean’s hand makes furrows in Cas’s dark hair, cupping his head and holding him in place.
“No, Dean. I will not allow them to harm you. But if I intervene in a destructive way, it would negate all of our diplomacy; everything that we’ve been doing here.”
“Za zdaróvye,” Cas toasts before letting the frosty liquid flow down his throat. Dean follows suit, but then he waits. Cas is keeping something from him.   (To your health)
Dean is watching the scenery avidly as they crawl through downtown. Moscow is a beautiful city, full of both ancient and modern architecture that blend together almost seamlessly. Cas is enjoying his voyeurism. He’s been reading the same article, hasn’t turned the page, since they arrived on the outskirts of town because he’s much more interested in the delight on Dean’s face.
Clever, clever, Cas. Dean can’t answer and he knows it. Dean hopes his answer of, ‘Yes! Please, yes!’ is obvious in his immovable expression.
“Hey, what’s wrong, Cas?” Dean asks softly, angling his face in so that their words are kept private.
At breakfast, he had dodged Cas’s many attempts to discuss what he is calling the “Michael situation”. When they got to the car, Cas wasn’t having it anymore. He demanded to know the plan. Dean’s plan is to go about his life as usual with enhanced observation and the police detective on speed dial. Cas is not at all impressed with his laissez-faire attitude.
Dean doesn’t turn around, doesn’t check in with him. He just gets through the shower in record time. He doesn’t bother even wrapping the towel around his hips. It won’t be there long enough to make the effort. Cas is exactly where he asked him to be, looking doe-eyed and insecure. Dean leans against the wall, his hand going to his heart. “You take my breath away.”
“I want you to take the leads I’m giving you and look into them. I want you to catch this psychopath before he kills again. I want you to keep Dean safe from this monster.”
Dean meets his eye then, defiance and censure in them. “Then why aren’t you concerned about slavery here?”
Dean is tired of the mood roller coaster. No matter how out of sorts Cas is, it shouldn’t all land on his shoulders. Rubbing a weary hand over his eyes, he mutters, “So what did I do wrong now?”
Dean fills out the requisition form quickly, stocking up on toiletries and a few snacks. The worker tries to encourage him to ask for more, but he refuses. In case this is a clerical error, he doesn’t want to overspend. On his way back to his cell, the small bag is heavy in his hands. He already knows it’s not an error. He knows exactly where these favors are coming from, and the thought has his stomach clenching. He needs to put a stop to it; Benny’s words of warning are still fresh in his mind.
He has to turn and look him in the eye. It would be rude not to answer, after all. He’s not prepared for looking at him head on. The man is rugged, built, and still absolutely beautiful: wide eyes with long lashes, a sharp jaw, and perfect cupid bow lips.
Almost better than imagining all of the fantastic sex they will share, is the thought of the other intimacy they will have in this cocoon of theirs. They will whisper their dreams to each other, soothe each other’s sorrows, and pledge a million ‘I love yous’.
“That’s the second time this morning that someone’s mentioned that monster you’re packing. Do you just whip it out for everyone you meet?”
In response, Cas grips his hair tightly and pulls his head back onto his shoulder. “Have I ever forced myself on you?”
Cas purses his lips and sighs. “You know it could be dangerous to bring your friends into the situation, right?”
Cas glances up. Pain and fear showing up in his eyes. He swallows hard and finally admits, “Terrified.”
Dean sees the challenge in his eyes and matches it, dripping innuendo. “Shall I kneel and pledge my fealty, my prince?”
A quick quirk of his lips is all that Dean allows. “I know what I’m asking is too much. The risks that you will assume if you stand between me and Alastair are great, and I can’t offer you anything for compensation. I just...don’t know anyone else. I don’t have any other options, so I had to at least try.”
Dean’s fingers run delicately over his abs, glancing over the image of St. Basil’s. “Do you miss Russia?”
He starts out by telling the story of his baby brother. He only falters twice, which is better than he’s done whenever he’s told the story previously. Every one of the women is leaning forward, hanging on his words. There are several discreet tissues being raised to blot at teary eyes throughout his story.
Dean falls forward to his hands, exuberant joy making him giddy and light. “Christ. I haven’t come that hard in so long.”
Cas sees the excitement light Dean up from within. “Go on, Dean. When will you ever have this chance again?”
For the hundredth time since tossing Bart to his demise, Dean is at a complete loss. Watching his beloved Cas disintegrate from within is more painful even than seeing him moments away from being raped. Dean can’t even formulate an answer for him, just gapes at him like a fish.
As a graduate student in the History Department at the University of Texas, Dean spends the majority of his time seated on these bulky, wooden chairs; sitting in them so long that he swears his once nicely-rounded butt has gone completely flat. If he jogged to the library once in a while, or took a night off to spend at the gym, it might return to its previous splendor. With no one to impress, though, why should he bother? ‘That’s depressing,’ he thinks. ‘I’m only 25 and I’m already letting myself go.’ He makes a vow to get himself back in shape once this project is complete.
