“You told me the synthetic skin itched like hell!” Yaël jumped towards Clint enthusiastically from reminding him a bit.
Mr. Stark jumps out of the suit immediately after they’ve landed, and before Peter really knows it, his arms are wrapped around him in a tight hug. Mr. Stark is breathing heavily, in shocks – as if he’s at the verge of crying. Peter wants to assure him that he’s fine, but he knows he’ll be lying about that.
Once again, loud cheers. Steve comes to stand next to Tony awkwardly, the two looking at the door Tony had been standing in front of earlier. There, after a few seconds delay, Peter starts running onto the stage as well. He still appears insecure, waving up at the people with large eyes and a mouth that has fallen open in his surprise. Yeah, the kid’s not used to this at all. Tony snorts, wrapping an arm around Steve’s middle while he watches Peter shake hands with LL before turning back to the crowd and giving them another wild wave. Tony’s not going to test his nerves, so he’s not pushing him forward like he did Steve. Instead, he throws his arm around Peter’s shoulder once again the moment Peter comes standing next to him.
What? Some random girl just called Yaël out of Peter’s league?! They were clearly drunk too. Damn, and they didn’t even know what happened after that party…
Steve stays quiet. It’s probably the best decision he’s made in these past few days.
Before his mind can bring him into even more of a panic attack, a call comes in. Peter turns to the side again, ignoring the pain in his ribs. Shit, has he seriously been patrolling drunk again? That never amounts to anything good.
“Let me guess, Tony doesn’t want to talk to you?” Peter asks. Steve then snorts.
,” she said. Peter didn’t stop her when she grabbed his phone. Yaël walked out the bedroom, giving the teen some privacy to put on some clothes. It wasn’t so that Yaël cared about the sex-stuff. She wasn’t ashamed of that. It was the total package that made her feel horrible. This was her friend, and she used him, because somehow when she gets drunk, she can’t stay away from men.
“Alright, give me your arm,” Mary instructs once she’s collected everything and has taken place by a semi-empty desk. Tony gives it a once-over before shaking his head.
And there had been shock, and surprise, and lots of worry whenever she next saw footage of Spider-Man in the news. Especially when he had nearly been stabbed to death by the Green Goblin. But knowing that Peter has a whole force of Avengers behind his back, she’s not as worried anymore. Peter can save himself.
Peter frowns, trying to make clear with his eyes that he needs to cut it out. He doesn’t need anybody telling him what to do about it, he’ll do it at his own pace, after all!
He startles when the lights turn on. With the Cat lying on top of him at the verge of pulling his underwear down, Peter realizes she’s not the one who freed them from the dark around them. Confused and a bit worried, Peter turns his head to the side to find who turned on the lights.
“Uh,” Tony mumbles, looking down at his plate. “May said she would do it. She’s been worried sick.” He remembers his call with her, how scared she’d been on the other side of the line. Tony wouldn’t take away her chance to pick him up if it gives her a sense of comfort.
It’s the first Christmas with the Starks. Outside, it’s snowing. Children had been playing in the park, building snowmen and throwing snowballs at each other. But nobody at the Stark household has time for that. With May busying herself in the kitchen – she’s the only one who can cook, after all – and Peter and Vision keeping themselves busy with preparing the table, one would think that the roles are pretty well divided.
“Did I hurt you?” he asks, already pulling away from him. Tony shakes his head and grabs him behind the neck to smash their lips together again. A confused sound escapes Steve’s mouth.
Tony returns. Peter rolls his eyes at the nickname he’s earned himself lately. Tony’s been using it more and more whenever he wants to embarrass Peter a bit. The two hang up. Peter shakes his limbs loose, throws some water into his face and then lets out a long and loud breath.
Steve startles, eyes blinking as he focuses on the figure in front of him. Beautiful as ever, Tony is next to him, brown eyes looking at him in worry. When he sees Steve smile, though, that worry quickly disappears again.
Ned mumbles. In the screen showing a close-up of Ned’s face, Peter sees him rubbing his eyes. “
“Inside, but I think Wade is causing a deicide there…” Steve snorted, unzipped his jacket and hung it over her shoulders. He signed her to follow him and so she did.
“Aw, well, thank you!” Yaël huffed as she full-force kicked one down and immediately planted her sword into its chest.
The girls laugh. Johnny pokes Peter in the side.
Nonetheless, after that a lot happened. Tony got back in the suit, Pepper ended the relationship, Peter came into their lives.
Following her explanations, Peter finds the lever and does as she told him. Almost immediately, the gauntlet opens up, revealing the complicated structure underneath it. Peter shakes his head, wondering how he’ll ever figure this out.
“Uh, do you have Sprite?” he asks nervously. Strange raises his eyebrow and then suddenly there’s a full glass in his hand. Peter’s mouth falls open. “Whoa, that’s just awesome!”
“So, do you have plans this weekend, Peter?” Steve asks when he, too, has taken place at a stool. The three of them have started on their breakfast, though Tony is still moving slower than the others. Steve looks so genuinely interested, that Peter can’t find it in himself to keep his suspicions going.
Peter sighs again. “Why are you telling me now, then?” he wants to know.
“Let me tell you what, I’ll ask Tony if you can come along to the compound one day, alright? That way I can introduce you to all the Avengers!”
Steve blinks a few times, not really understanding it completely. Peter can't help but be at least a little bit impressed.
Mary frowns, immediately crossing her arms in disbelief.
down, what use is he, a mere human, in rescuing the world when it’ll come. And it’ll eventually come. There’s no more denying that.
“Tony, can I get my kiss or not?”
bed – Steve let go of the chair and walked around him. “C’mon, you can get up on your own.”
“I’m glad the family reunion is so great, but there’s about ten people too many in this room,” the voice of Dr. Strange says. Peter sits up some more, trying to get a look at the former surgeon who walks inside. Peter remembers Strange saying that he would be present during the surgery but wouldn’t be the one performing it due to his lack of control in his fingers. That had been fine by Peter, since he wouldn’t really want somebody with shaky hands inside his brain.
“Well… neither can I. So I suppose we’re stuck with each other, aren’t we?” Steve says, trying to joke about it, but the humor escapes both of them. The man puts his hands on Tony’s back and pulls him closer.
“This is crazy…” Yaël mumbled to herself. Did Cem, her dad, know that?
“I don’t think the two of you will ever really understand it,” Peter sighs. “But it’s okay… I guess I’m just the broken one.”
“They took the bait?” Natasha asks in a whisper. Tony searches through the inside of his jacket before holding up his thumb. After that, he walks up to Steve, takes his hand into his own, and the pair move out to get back to the tower. Natasha returns to the common room to put her cup of coffee away. Now that Tony’s gone, the three men at the table are whispering again.
Suddenly, there’s a crash. Eddie is thrown to the side with a painful grunt. Right behind the spot where he used to be is MJ, with black webs still attached to her hands, holding what looks like a metal plate she must have ripped off the roof.
the AI answers, and a picture of Peter comes up on the screen with ‘dialing’ written on top of it. It goes over for three more tones until, finally, somebody picks up.
“Of course you aren’t,” he returns. “Say, you didn’t come across-“
“We don’t want money,” Clint says, grin wide on his face. The others are laughing as well. Natasha is leaning against the counter, standing next to Bucky, who has his arm wrapped over her shoulder. They’re slowly becoming more and more affectionate, though they’re still keeping it subtle.
As soon as she picked out some okay-looking sword, he didn’t give her another chance to let her think about her decision and pushed her into the arena. Many lights shone onto her, and almost blinded her. The only thing she could see and hear were the audience, which had to be many, many people, or, uh, creatures.
He doesn’t need to say it, but Peter understands it either way. He stands up to take his bag again. Then he starts walking to the opened door. He gives Tony one last look, then a wave. Tony nods at him with a smile. After that, Peter’s walking out.
“Tony?”
instead of getting a few strong drinks. Tony knows that, if he’d been going to the workshop, he might have thrown everything around in anger.
And they don’t speak words, because that one last stare is enough for them; they’ll talk about this later. They’re not going to pretend this never happened.
“Yes, May!” Harry returns, doing exactly what she’s asking. Peter grins back when Harry throws him a big smile. Thanks to the change in his medication scheme, at least the small panic attacks haven’t occurred again. That’s a small relief.
“I’ll try to come back quicker next time,” Steve promises. Peter doesn’t answer to that, because he knows it’s not up to Steve. “You promise you’ll be careful?”
Peter goes to sleep at one in the night.
“Uh, hi guys?” Peter tries when they’ve been standing there for ten seconds without saying anything.
“Tony, I didn’t come to just chat,” Steve interrupts him mid-speech. Tony closes his mouth and puts down the device in his hand. Then he lifts up the mask while leaning back in his seat.
“Wait, is that Peter?” It took Yaël a few seconds to recognize her friend. Charles let go of her hands and looked up. Peter was probably there to visit Gwen’s grave.
“Nothing he can’t explain when the time comes. Who else is here?”
“Uh,” Yaël looked back to her students, many of them were staring at Steve with their mouth wide open, as the bell rang right after the two men walked into her class. “Okay, Icarus, it’s your turn to choose next week’s song we’ll be working on.” The teen with enormous, feathered wings, simply nodded before he grabbed his bag and walked towards the door. Right before walking out the door, he stopped and turned.
“Yeah, uh…” Peter frowned in confusion, clearly searching for a reason why Yaël was acting weird he looked up and saw Jason, who put his hand in the air to say hi. The frown quickly turned into a cheeky smile as he discovered what was going on. The kid was way too smart.
Natasha doesn’t say anything, instead just keeping her gaze on him with a blunt look on her face. It’s like she’s studying him, waiting for him to say anything on his own accord.
On top of it, there’s another note. Once again, written in a familiar handwriting, Peter feels himself smirk a little bit.
But eventually, Peter had to hang up again, and Tony was pulled back into the world that is reality. With his phone ringing again, Tony sighs and picks up, eyes still planted on Barnes, who shows little to no resistance at all, it almost feels like all that containment is just overkill. He startles when Natasha is suddenly standing next to him, staring intensely at the screen.
“Uh, Peter, are you alright?”
“What?! Why?” Luckily Yaël had been too distracted to ask anyone else about it before.
“Peter, that’s the suit talking, not you,” Natasha warns him. Peter rolls his eyes, but doesn’t answer. He walks up to the window and tries to open it, only to find out that it doesn’t move. A look behind him, and Peter figures Tony must have locked it before Peter could do anything.
“Alright,” he says. A small smile forms on his lips, and Peter, too, starts smiling.
Steve rolled his eyes, attaching his helmet and securing the communicator into his ear afterwards. “That’s why I don’t ask,” he said.
“I wasn’t going to, but… I don’t know, I don’t want to stay angry at you,” he admits. You’ve been good to me, after all.”
Maybe he should just go home. Next week he’ll learn the results from Dr. Cho, and then he’ll know. He can still just bail if he doesn’t like the result.
Steve says pleadingly on the other side of the line. Peter frowns.
"Yeah, no, I’m not meddling with this,” she mutters back. With a headshake, she turns around and runs towards the window. Without saying another word, she jumps back into the open air, leaving Peter alone in the house. He, in turn, just starts walking towards his room to grab for his phone.
,” he snaps back. The two give each other a long stare before Steve sighs, pushing the glass in front of Tony.
“Did you now?” Steve smirks as he looks down at him with that fond expression. “Will you tell me what those were?”
“Isn’t this exciting?!” the woman says when she’s inside. “Tony, I can’t believe you asked me to join! I normally thought we’d agreed that we would just each hang out with him on our own terms, but I’m glad I could tag along with this one!”
Yaël still didn’t really understand what the hell was going on with the queen of Helvegen, but it was clear she had been planning on using Yaël to clear out the Asgardians. Bad luck for Völuspá, because Yaël had some more appealing ‘connections’ from team Asgard, even though Loki was a complete jerk.
“Cho said that it’s almost completely healed, which is insane since it’s been only ten days. His liver is completely normal, it’s almost like his body has been put on a complete reset.”
“It’s all in here,” Tony says. “After we’ve looked it over and add our suggestions, it’ll be brought back to the leaders.”
“Alright, perfect is a strong word,” he returns. He then turns Tony around to face him again, hands not leaving his shoulders. “But I never said you
“What are you afraid of? Do you really think I would treat you differently?” Peter looked a bit sad.
“How many did you take?” Steve asks, sounding panicked. Peter finds himself frozen in place after that. If Steve is reacting like this, it surely isn’t good.
“You have no idea,” Peter snorts. MJ looks impressed. Immediately after that, the King emerges from the craft, wearing a black suit. Peter remembers the few times he’s ever spoken to the man. It’s weird how he has no problem talking to Thor (a God!!) but can’t even manage a sentence with the King of Wakanda.
First, it was Nat who replaced him and drilled the living shit out of Yaël. Then there was Sam Wilson. He was a very joyful, sweet dude and he always took her out for a run around the domain, which she appreciated since the only room in the building she had seen already, except for her room and the kitchen, was the training room. That and it wasn’t like running with Steve, whose tempo was just… inhuman. Not that she was human, but his tempo was less human than her complete background.
“I’ll get around to it,” Steve says. “We’ve only been back together for a few days, after all.”
It’s a calm evening for a change. With only a small mugging and another lost lady on his way, Peter finds the perfect opportunity to get himself a roof and just hang out for a bit. Taking an empty one with no possible visitors, he drops down on it and takes a few breaths.
“When I’m gone, the other Tony is probably going to be here. Or, I don’t know how it works… Just… remember what I asked you, okay?” Tony reminds him. Steve nods, pulling his hands back and putting one behind Tony’s head. Then he pulls him closer, kissing him straight on the mouth.
“Wait, you consciously visited my dreams? I thought it was all just memories ascending while I was sleeping?” Yaël’s mind was blown away.
It’s a matter for when he wakes up again.
Suddenly, out of nowhere, Harry slaps Peter’s arm while staring straight ahead. With his mouth fallen open, Peter for a moment wonders if he’s having a stroke or something. Or, maybe a flashback? Oh, that wouldn’t be good at all.
Peter explains to the others what exactly Felicia told him. He kept out the detail that Mantis took her to the hospital. He doesn’t need their freaking out, after all. Of course, when he tells them that Venom is planning on getting revenge on Peter, Tony and May are about the first ones to start freaking out.
"Nah," she leaned back against the bench "He has to do this alone. Besides, what do you want me to do? Happily run to him and kiss his cheeks hello...in the graveyard?"
“Like
“I’ll see you then,” she says, looking at him as she kisses the picture. Then she winks, walking out of the room and leaving Peter in here alone with his thoughts.
“Wha-what are you doing?” There must be some sort of weird, mischievous goal to this.
Whoops, Peter turns the wheel to the right, only barely missing the other car. This car is crazy!
"Okay, see you- wait, what time-" But X already hung up. Great, now Yaël didn't even know when she had to get up and shower. Nine? Eight? Probably seven...maybe six. Yaël had arrived at her block and opened the door with the blurred glass to the small hallway. She decided to take the stairs, which she saw was the right decision after she walked passed the first floor.
“I’m making money,” she says proudly, picking up a box from somewhere on her left and pushing it in front of the safe. Then she carefully puts whatever’s inside into the box and seals it.
“Fine! Steve, I’m breaking up with y-“ but he can’t finish the sentence. Here they are again. Fighting. It’s all they’ve been doing lately, isn’t it? Yet he still can’t fucking say it.
Even if Peter hadn’t been his biological son, Tony is sure that he would have considered him his either way. Everything about the kid screams ‘mine! Stay off!’, and Tony isn’t sure if that should worry him or not.
Oh, right, Tony has connection everywhere…
Steve frowns. “Peter, where does this all come from?” he asks.
Yaël sighed and stopped pulling herself forward for a moment.
“Dude, it was movie-material. Hollywood would’ve loved you,” she says with a wink. “If you’re done being a superhero, you should try it out.”
be very funny to see, indeed.
So he wonders why now, suddenly, his body seems to react like this. Like he’s attracted to this girl right here, while in his whole heart he knows he wants to be with MJ. Maybe he should just go on a date with her, spend more time with her. Forget about this Cat and actually
The Sousas entrance is mostly describable because of the two ten-year-old children running inside with their arms raised in the air as they search for their uncle Tony and cousin Peter. Remembering them from the funeral, Peter knows immediately that the twins might cause even more destruction than Tony does with the powers he’s still unused with.
Peter is almost afraid to continue, because he’s already sure what’s going to happen next.
So Peter takes the high ground, swinging himself up in the air and passing by building after building. He does notice Captain America driving by on his motorcycle, shield safely put in front of his steering wheel. Quickly enough he goes his way, dropping himself a few houses before him. Cap stops just in time, missing him by just a few millimeters.
“It’s Friday,” Yaël answered without thinking about how rude she sounded. Maybe she should’ve said ‘hello’ first and ask the woman’s name, but nope.
Peter feels like the suit is going to stop fighting. The struggling against Steve stop, which is about the biggest relief Peter has right now. He lowers his head and closes his eyes, just wishing that Tony would start up the device already. Next to him, Peter can see Hope finally getting rid of the web on her eyes by shrinking it down.
They’ll sort this out. Eventually.
FRIDAY answers shortly. Then Tony pulls his glasses back down on his nose, and sticks his attention on the images on the screen. There he can see FRIDAY working her magic as the footage appears in front of him.
“You know, how bad can it be, right?” Steve offers. “Though in that case we should better move it to the tower, instead.”
“I expect candlelight and champagne then, Tony,” Steve mutters with a grin. Tony lets out a laugh and nods, shuffling closer towards Steve and resting his head on the Captain’s chest. He closes his eyes when a hand comes to rest on his shoulder, enjoying the hold he’s in.
Steve isn’t here. Tony takes a shaky breath. “Did you call him?” he asks. Natasha gives him a strict look before shaking her head.
. He can’t say that. Especially because the person he actually was supposed to fight was Steve.
“I’m managing,” Tony lies through gritted teeth.
Next to him, Steve seems to be liking Felicia a lot. Being a lover for the arts as well, Steve seems to find himself an excellent conversation partner in Peter’s current girlfriend.
It goes on and on, the amount of people wandering in here becomes higher every day. But with everybody that comes in, another walks back out with a whole new future ahead of them. And that is something Miles is proud to say he’s a part of.
Hanging out with the Avengers almost starts to feel like second nature to Peter, it’s almost as if he’s actually a part of the team. Of course, it doesn’t even make sense that he gets to fight with the Avengers, but can’t join them officially. If Wanda – who is a teenager – is allowed in, why can’t Peter?
“Yes. Why?” Korg totally didn’t get what her fuzz was about.
- Peter is extremely down
Peter feels like the whole world around him is pausing.
Before you read this, be aware that this part is dark. Pretty dark. The title says it pretty much.
There’s a short moment of horror when he sees Steve crawl to the wall, reaching to push against it.
“Wait a sec,” Yaël huffed “I’m almost finished.” Korg took a few steps forward to look out of the broken window, to the arena.
Peter doesn’t think anymore. In just a matter of seconds, Flash is on the ground again, hands pressed against his eye where Peter just punched him without really thinking about it. Peter’s fist hurts like hell, meaning that he surely didn’t hold back.
“Uh, Harry, can you ask the guys for the tables and chairs? I just need to say hi for a moment,” he says. Harry nods, continuing to where they were originally headed while Peter turns towards Natasha. Finally having red hair again, she looks more like the woman he remembers. It’s better this way, too.
Miles waves at everybody who’s looking before leaving the center. He takes the first bus to his uncle’s and stares down at his phone to catch the latest news. He had read about the break-in at Oscorp early that morning but nothing much had been said about it. Now he finds that there are more articles about it, though the one from Mary-Jane Watson is missing.
on destielallaround.tumblr.com where I'll be posting these once they are completely finished and edited!
“It’s white,” Peter counters.
A short look at the stone, and for a moment it seems like he’s going to put Peter down. Tony sighs in relief. Good, the guy must be a man of his word.
“Blue!” Wade interrupted her. Yaël nodded and threw the file back on her bed.
Tony mutters on the other side if the line. He sounds tired. “
“We’ll just be amazing grandparents, instead,” Tony assures him. Steve smiles as well. It doesn’t last too long, when Steve sees Tony’s face get serious again. “But there’s something I need to tell you.”
Steve nods. “It was, in fact. It was the first object he put a spell on, with his mother’s help. The family kept it as a loving memory. Sadly, Raido didn’t get that memo – you know, being a baby and all – and accidentally dropped it on the ground.”
“You look familiar,” somebody in the class says. Harry just snorts.
Which is why he sought distance rather than company. Instead of moving in, he explained that he wanted to figure out this modern world. Stark accepted the excuse rather than pressing him for another answer. Steve figured he simply asked out of sheer politeness.
“FRI, can you get Bruce up here, please?” Tony asks.
Sharon takes a breath and rubs her eyes. Then she shakes her head, opening her mouth to speak but thinking better of it. “I got contacted by SHIELD. You know how they’ve been getting it back up since the HYDRA-disaster?”
,” she says. Peter folds his clothes and puts them on the desk. He startles when suddenly three bots are poking at him, wondering what he’s wearing. He shoos them away quickly.
“Just take your cards, Legolas,” he counters. Clint gives him a glare, but does as he’s asked. Once everybody has their deck, they start up a game, pretending to be any good at it. In all honesty, the only ones who can play are Clint and Tony. Though, with Clint, it was probably a requirement for being a super-spy.
“You’re not seriously going to tell them now, are you?” Steve asks, voicing Natasha’s thoughts almost perfectly.
Then, a shudder passes over him.
“No!” Hela looked more afraid than ever. Yaël had reduced her chances to fight this thing and Hela knew that. Hela knew that she was weakened and was no party against the enemy that was breaking down the whole palace, but even if Yaël hadn’t weakened her, Hela still wouldn’t win from that monster.
“So awesome!” Ned calls out, seeming like he’s about to faint from the excitement. He takes Peter’s phone from him and scrolls through the pictures they’ve taken yesterday, along with the one they’ve downloaded from the Photo pass Tony arranged. “I’m actually even a bit jealous!”
Tony has never met May Parker before now. At least, not officially.
Tony puts the headset down on the table, no longer needing it. Then he puts his eyes behind the microscope, waiting for anything to happen. Much to his delight, the nanites start moving as FRIDAY probably instructs them to. He lets out a small laugh, unbelieving of the fact that, after everything, it finally worked!
“Be careful. Call us if you come across anything weird, alright?”
The kid was so right… she had been a complete twat. Though, she still didn’t feel like ‘hanging around’ the way he meant to: the superhero-kind- of-way.
They drink on it. And then they drink some more. And even more. They drink when one of those art-students appears on the party just as drunk as them, catching Johnny’s attention almost immediately. They drink when somebody suggests they play some weird drinking-game where people confess to everything they’ve ever (or never?) done. They drink when Flash appear, probably even more drunk than they are.
“It don’t have to look good to taste good,” she says, pointing the fry at him before putting it in her mouth. Then, while she’s still chewing, she turns towards Peter in that usual inspecting glare of hers. “Now you’ve been missing from work lately, which strikes me as strange since you’ve got a lot to catch up on here. What, you’ve given up your year?”
Everybody’s eyes go wide. Even the youngest person in the group, a girl about Peter’s age, looks surprised at that. He can understand it; he’s an outsider, in a way, no?
“Peter, I told you to get out of here,” the Captain says sternly before looking back at Tony. “And you, what did you do?!”
“Uh, we’re here for the-“
When Wade had walked into the apartment with his suit stuffed into his backpack, Yaël had asked Wade what he was planning on doing, since she didn’t want to get almost killed by him…again, that is. He had told her that he brought it to sooth Peter a bit. At that point, Yaël had told Wade that if he thought that would help to make Peter forget his stupid actions somehow, Wade had to be dumber than she had estimated him.
“Don’t worry, I’m almost there!” Mr. Stark assures him, but Peter isn’t sure what to believe anymore. The sound of the wind is strong in his ears, and they start to hurt a little bit. Further away, War Machine and the Goblin are, once again, throwing punches at each other.
He needs to talk about it.
“Not much,” he mumbled. Yaël lifted her eyebrow.
“Travel stuff, man! I need a good swimming suit! And a camera! Even bought myself a new phone. I’m rich, I can definitely afford it!” he says with a wink. Then he hurries to put it all away in his room. By the time he returns, Ned is there as well.
of Wakanda (aka Shuri, sister of T’Challa), Tony figures that even for his son having a love-life is complicated.
“Yeah… every time, Steve seems to stay away for longer periods. It really freaks Dad out because he’s grounded.”
“Protection? That’s how you see this?” Steve almost shouts at him. “This is protection? It’s internment, Tony!”
“Because it’s a prequel to a major in electrical engineering, and though it interests me, I’m also interested in biochemistry,” Peter explains. His piece of bread is finished, and when he wants to turn to Wade to ask for a new piece, he finds the guy knee-deep into the water while having a conversation of his own with the ducks.
“A bar; he needed distraction, I needed distraction. It was a win-win, I suppose.” For a moment, it was quiet, but not in an awkward way. The silence made Yaël slip away in her own thoughts. She had never been in a relationship after Loki, she wasn’t that dumb and naïve, but Bucky hadn’t been just a one-night-stand either, like she had made Steve believe.
“Here you see Mr. Ferez giving Peter’s homework back.”
“Okay… So, that’s mine. Thanks for the effort,” she sighed while quickly pulling out the card from his pocket.
– he stumbles through the story.
She also quickly discovered that Fury was giving her way too little money. Two days after Nick and Professor X had left, she already hadn’t had enough money to buy groceries for the following week.And when she naively called him about it, he answered her that she already had cost him enough money – which was not fair because she didn’t even know what she had done! So Yaël had decided, on day three, that she should get a job.
very vividly. Well, her thoughts actually always went to the same person. Yaël had never been in love with Barnes, but the both of them needed each other at that point.
“Thanks, dad,” Peter mutters mostly to himself. He’s glad to see Iron Man pushing the guy back with his repulsors. Shit, he should have at least eaten something before coming here.
“You need me to join?”
Johnny counters that. Tony rolls his eyes. Of course, boys will be boys and Peter is still a teenager, but Tony would have hoped he’d known better than to sneak into Strange’s place.
I don't know what I'm talking about, I'm watching the (original) Fantastic Four and I feel a need to add these characters more into the story. They've only been mentioned once or twice in the previous chapters.
“Good evening, Peter,” Steve says, pulling his hand away. Peter just hums at him, hearing Steve make his way towards Tony. Then, at last, he looks up. Tony is still seated at his desk, working on whatever he’s working on. Steve is leaning over him, looking over his shoulder to see what’s going on. Peter can see the super soldier passing his hand over Tony’s back.
“Why did you steal that tritium? And where is it now?”
“Yeah, we went to prom
Korg had used the extremely colourful, glittery pop-up map he had found in the control room to explain her the plan, so it didn’t take Yaël too long to group up with him and Miek again. They apparently had already opened the exit of one of the hallways, because they were joined by a dozen freed gladiators, Yaël noticed as she ran up to them. Miek already opened the next lock right when Yaël joined them.
“Thor,” Yaël answered a bit flabbergasted. “How are you able to remember my name, only during fights and immediately forget it afterwards?” Thor shrugged and then patted his brother on his back.
FRIDAY asks. Peter shrugs.
“Live to be a rebel, my man,” Johnny returns. “That’s how I got my powers, after all. Sis went on a space trip, and I just followed her.”
“Miles! You’re late!” he hears Ned call out jokingly.
“And I’m like: ‘Steve, you know what would be totally hot? A
“Wait, do you mean, training is RIGHT NOW?!”
“Please, just… let us hold you for a little while longer, Peter,” Steve mumbles out. Peter opens his mouth to speak, but then he closes it again.
“Bone?” Thor asks, in confusion. Tony shrugs.
“DAD!” Peter shouts.
“I… I just don’t think you’d like meeting him.” Steve said without looking at her. What was he talking about.
“The MRI showed some lesions on his brain. It’s not too large yet, but it’s probably the cause of the seizure. We were expecting it, just not so soon.”
Tony turns to look at the man on the counter, who is now resting his head down and poking his finger in his glass.
“Yeah, no shit,” he mutters out. “I don’t suppose they informed you about what happened?”
“I can’t believe anymore,” he added out of the blue.
“I can’t take this, ma’am,” Peter tries to convince the woman. She wouldn’t have any of it.
“You like it?” the girl says, and it’s the first thing Peter’s ever heard her saying. Now he doesn’t know what he expected her voice to be like; serene and soft, strong and loud… In any way, it’s everything except for this hoarse voice that sounds like a teenager that just came back from a rock-concert where she sung her lungs out. Maybe she’s a smoker?
Bruce rolls his eyes. “No, I don’t remember. I just remember… being so angry at one point, like somebody I cared about had died, which is weird since none of us got killed, right?”
Peter just shakes his head, wondering if he should just get back inside to cancel the appointment, and then he sees the number on the paper. It’s from that Lincoln-guy, and Peter hadn’t really payed much attention to it, but now that he actually sees it… How has he not noticed the receptionist has been flirting with him? Does it really take a phone number on a paper with a wink added to it for Peter to really realize it? No wonder he’ll end up alone!
Norman is silent, still and Mary shifts on her feet. Tony is extremely sure that she’s nervous but she doesn’t appear to be. Damn, she’s a good actress.
“Tony doesn’t get it…” he grumbled while staring out of the window.
” He probably thought she’d stolen it to stalk him about the job to water the flowers in the tower.
“Go, then. Fix that nephew of mine. Make sure he doesn’t miss May’s birthday party in a few weeks because we’ve been planning that for months already.”
“Yeah, uh… I guess I should have guessed being the son of Tony Stark would attract a lot of attention,” he jokes back hesitantly. MJ doesn’t laugh, though her eyes do have an amused sparkle in them. Instead, she comes to stand next to Peter looking up at the sky the same way he’d been doing earlier.
“Before I’m going to crush the both of you, I need a little wardrobe change, though,” Tony quickly says. People laugh. LL points towards a screen that was obviously put there for that exact reason. “Don’t wait for me, just start the song!”
Normally, Peter would arrive at his workbench and start up his project, put stuff together and compare these with the blueprints he’s got.
that Tony is his father, but doesn’t know that Tony knows.
“FRIDAY, you’re there?” he asks.
“How- this could never be a mistake!” Steve counters quickly. He jumps up as well, grabbing Tony by the shoulders to turn him around. Tony keeps his gaze lowered as he zips up his pants. “Tony, don’t tell me you actually feel what we did is wrong?”
The party’s not too bad (aside from the introduction he was given the moment he arrived, referencing back to his embarrassing dancing stint). Flash is, once again, the DJ, and there’s lots of drunk teenagers around, but so far Peter doesn’t see anything too horrible happening. When a cup of beer is passed to him, Peter refuses just to be safe.
He hears footsteps half a minute before there’s a knock on the door. By the sound of the heels, he figures it’s probably Sharon given how fast she’s walking. She’s called a little while earlier, but she couldn’t come back yet. Tony didn’t blame her for it; she was on a SHIELD-mission and she couldn’t compromise it. Though she came close to it, he thinks.
“Karen you’re still there?” Peter asks while keeping an eye on the girl’s light hair. She should have chosen a darker hair-color if she didn’t want to stand out so much.
Peter hurries to the back, heading towards Ned who looks like he’s asleep. On the other side of the line, he can hear noises.
Getting upstairs, Peter wonders if it’s even such a good idea to search through the bedrooms. He might just see things he doesn’t want to see at all.
“Uh, yes, I’m okay,” he lies. He knows he’s not okay, but what is he going to say? He can’t explain it all to Sharon now, can he? Not when Steve made such a big deal of it already when they
“I found the Vulture-guy. His name is Adrian Toomes and he’s Liz’ dad. He’s headed to Brooklyn, but he’s planning on hijacking the ship that will transport all your stuff to the compound.”
And too soon, as well. He still barely knows anything about the man, despite the many random conversations they’ve had. They have a mutual friend, that one being Yaël (apparently, Peter learned later on, they knew each other from before the girl lost her memory. Yaël has been extremely vague about it and he hasn’t really dared to ask Steve about it yet), and now Steve is (kind of) dating Peter’s father? That would kind of make him Peter’s step-father, right?
“Well, if you want a daddy so badly, you can call me ‘dad’. Daddy Deadpool, wouldn’t that be great?” Peter can see Yaël slap her hand on her forehead, and Peter just frowns at him, wondering what kind of sick bastard this guy actually is. But then, something else he said come to mind.
The first thing they go through is Richard’s folder. It’s not too much to go on, they realize. There’s only a formula that doesn’t mean too much to either of them. They could ask Peter about it later when he’s awake again, but according to FRIDAY he’s still unconscious.
“Will you hate me if I try cutting it off?” Tony asks.
“Don’t even dare,” Natalia mutters towards the two men next to her.
“Of course, Peter, thanks for telling us,” Steve says, chuckling a bit when Tony squeezes his middle tighter. “Tell him we said ‘hi’, okay? And be careful!”
Multiple groans come up in the room.
“Not really too well, though he doesn’t try to let it show. He’s much like you, on that front,” Sam admits. Then he takes a deep breath. “And he misses Peter, too.”
He asks himself. He squeezes his eyes, confused when he feels something strange happening in his head. It’s like… there’s so much information in there. And a presence, like he’s not alone. Shit, did he drink again before he passed out? What even happened?
“I’ll hold it back for a while,” Johnny returns, running to the back of the group and holding up his hands. Peter doesn’t take the time to look at what is happening there, instead getting to the door at last. He smashes it open with his shoulders, causing for the glass to accidentally break. Crap, and that’s a reinforced door. It’s going to be another pricy repair.
“Say it!”
“Well, count to ten in Norwegian for me!” Yaël laughed, this was so weird, a few hours ago, she didn’t even remember that she had another mother tongue.
Meh, who cares! Maybe drinking some more would help to get the image of the cab driver and his daughter playing in the garden, an image she created herself, out of her head. A familiar song started playing. The volume went louder as Yaël saw people gathering around someone. Yaël dived into the crowd and tried to get more to the front.
“Sorry,” Peter offers. Tony waves it off.
Yaël saw Loki sprint away to get some sort of crown from a man called Surtur. Well, it was clear that Yaël didn’t understand what the hell was going to happen and nobody had time to explain it to her. The only thing she did understand was that the Queen was walking towards them and she looked pissed off.
Tony nods. “Right, we’ll talk then, maybe?” Peter, too, nods.
“Are you crazy? I mean, I know you love the guy, but besides the fact that it’s
“Dude, you can clean it up afterwards, you know!” Peter quickly warns them.
Peter is already sure that he’ll have two black eyes by the time the Goblin seems to tire from punching him all the time. In the small moment of distraction in searching another form of attack, Peter once again kicks him, only this time in the stomach. He uses all the force he has, and he’s glad to see that he’s managed to take the Goblin by surprise.
Tony nods, still feeling his heart break a little after hearing the words. Carefully he walks back to the crib where he puts Raido back down on his little mattress. The kid complains for a second before Tony pulls up a toy he found somewhere in the corner, and hands it to the boy.
“Just… let’s just sleep, alright?” Steve asks once he’s regained his breath. Tony lets out another heavy breath before nodding against Steve’s chest.
“I’m glad to be back,” he answers.
“Loki.This was never about
He goes home after that, and by the time he returns next Monday, he notices that the clock has been removed, replaced by a digital one. On his desk lying one little note.
When Clint returns with his computer, the three of them place the laptop on the table. Natasha holds in her breath while she tries to listen to the two of them.
He should text her probably.
“I know, and I can’t come up with any excuse as to what I could possibly be doing here,” he admits. Harry takes a few steps forward and then puts a hand on Peter’s shoulder.
“Are you okay in there?” Loki asked. He was probably done with showering already.
“Her brain’s scrambled and she doesn’t remember a thing.” She remembered Steve, but he might not remember her anymore, she thought sadly.
Tony startles a bit when he feels a sudden kiss on the top of his head, but then he relaxes once more. Steve is here, Peter is safe, and right now there’s nothing to worry about. So Tony turns his head to the side, pressing his face against Steve’s shoulder – trying not to think too much about the fact that he’s already feeling too comfortable with doing that.
do it.
“You didn’t change anything here, right?”
Tony talks to a few people, though not recognizing all of them if he’s really honest. Some of them he’s aware they were in school together, but either Tony was too young to remember, or he was too drunk. There’s no in-between, really. He introduces Steve and Peter, lets them shake people’s hands. When he’s greeted by a few members of Oscorp’s board, he’s reminded of who funded this whole project.
“So, you’re finally talking to your daddy? Sounds amazing!” Wade says, unworried about it all. Without warning, he starts up the car and starts driving. In the first five seconds, he already manages to break five traffic laws. He’s going to fast, sometimes ends up driving on the left side of the road, and doesn’t let passengers cross the road. He’s gotten through three red lights, smashed a hot dog stand, and ended up having five police-cars behind him. It takes them twenty freaking minutes to get there, due to Wade wanting to get the cops off his track.
“It’s incredible,” she says. Dr. Cho nods.
- Major Character death (though temporarily)
Peter hadn’t even noticed that. Sure, MJ and Harry were a…
“I’m in need of some coffee. I’ll be back in a few minutes,” she says. “You need something?”
Oh, so Steve must be very happy to see him, pun also intended.
“Steve’s going to fix that part. Are you in pain?”
Of course, that works only until he’s about to open a door and finds it opening before he can even touch it, only to reveal a young brown-haired woman with big brown eyes and a worried expression.
Tony huffs out a breath. Yeah, that’s just putting it mildly. There’s so much he wants to tell her right now.
But it does. Tony pulls back, trying to hide the way his eyes are now red, wiping away a tear that has dared to roll away. He chuckles, but it’s hollow, just a trick. To pretend he’s fine.
His eyes fly open nonetheless. The shock stronger than whatever is keeping his eyelids down. He blinks a few times; the lights have been dimmed, which is good. Tony tries to lift up his head, to see where everybody is. The first person he catches is Peter, smiling at him. He looks pale, as if he hasn’t been sleeping at all. Tony pulls his hand out of his to put it against his cheek. Peter closes his eyes and leans into the touch.
The three of them walk out of the apartment in a good silence. Once outside, Steve takes his motorcycle – Peter remembers driving along with him a while back – and nods towards the two others.
“You know it’s
“Hi, Dad,” Peter greets Tony, surprised by his own cracking voice. He sounds hoarse, like he’s been screaming the entire night! What the hell happened to him?
“Why would he want that?” Peter asks. If anything, he would have expected Tony to be ecstatic about it.
“Uh, Thor, just how long are your vows?” Steve asks when he notices the amount of papers on there. There must be about 10 pages or so of fully written text, noted down in Thor’s neat handwriting.
“Yeah, that sounds so nice! What are you guys working on?” she felt glad that Peter just hopped into the conversation she started.
“Whoa, thanks Steve!” Yaël smirked teasingly.
“Uh-uh, you’re trying to make us believe you’re working with the
There’s no sound around him, everything surrounding him blurring. The only clear thing is the giant holding his son in one hand, lifting him up like he weights nothing. His mouth is moving, but Tony doesn’t know what he’s saying.
little Peter, the little boy that he never got to know. His hand goes to his chest, pressing on the scar in the middle of his sternum. He must have been breathing strangely as there’s suddenly a hand on his shoulder, gently shaking him.
There’s a heavy silence. Tony watches the gears work inside Strange’s head as he tries to place May, but it’s clear that recognition is far away.
“Tony,” Steve starts. Peter takes another step.
“I was thinking of maybe, just for a little while, retiring from the Avengers? Just a year or two, maybe?”
The next person that comes into the big hall they’ve all assembled in to is Jane. The woman, dressed completely different from every other Asgardian walking around, she resembles more like the guests, who are obviously curious as to what exactly the dress-code will become.
“You’re trying to convince me to go to this school, aren’t you?”
She didn’t really remember what she was going to make him feel.
But, if he’s completely honest, there are, though few, also moments where being a parent is the worst. They’re rare in his experience, but they’re often connected with Peter lying in a hospital bed, monitored by multiple machines and an oxygen mask over his mouth.
“Yes,” he admits. Tony lets out another shaking breath, nodding in understanding – not really – before shaking his head.
Peter nods, slightly chuckling. “I’m calm,” he says. “My head hurts too much to do anything else, anyway.”
What he doesn’t know, really, is how he got here. He’s sure that his self-destructing tendencies have caused for him to shut everybody out of the penthouse, but somehow somebody managed to get inside and get him out of there, and Tony’s very sure that person is not FRIDAY. She hadn’t even been allowed to call for help.
“I guess that one year of medicine you did really wasn’t for nothing,” Tony jokes. Mary shrugs.
Tony jokes. Peter rolls his eyes.
He doesn’t climb back up when he sees her come down his web instead. His senses don’t warn him for upcoming attacks, so he does nothing but watch her.
“In bed? How did you manage that?” Pepper asked curiously. Natasha then turned towards Steve.
There’s no news on what happened the evening before. Nothing on TV, nothing in the newspapers. Nobody even mentions it online. It’s as if nothing has happened.
Pepper sighs as Tony walks forward. There’s a greeting for Clint (“Hey birdbrain.”), followed by Sam (“Hola Birdbrain two-point-oh.”), to which he gets flipped off for by both men. Natasha simply nods at him.
“What’s in it for you?” he asked her eventually. For a second Yaël got hopeful he’d let her do it.
Yaël looked at Peter in the corner of her eyes. He looked quite happy for someone who got almost beaten to death a few days ago. But then again, she wouldn’t feel any different in his place.
“Uh, what’s happening?” real Yaël asked the other Lopt who was still standing next to her.
“I can’t promise that and you know it,” Tony jokes. He reaches for Steve’s face, poking him once on the nose before laughing. Steve just rolls his eyes.
“Freeing my father,” she clarified. “He’s in jail for a crime he didn’t do. Somebody bribed the judge. I’m going to buy his freedom back.”
“Just take your time, Peter. You can even sit down, take a look at the documents. When you’ve found it, just come back to me and we’ll look it over,” Mr. Stark says, putting his healthy hand on Peter’s shoulder and squeezing it shortly before starting to walk out of the room to give Peter a bit of privacy.
“You’re telling me that
Peter already sees her on the other side of the window. She has her back facing him, looking up around the place. In the back, Peter can see a car drive away; probably her parents dropping her off. What must they think about this? Peter can almost imagine Mr. Jones’ reaction to her telling him she’ll be at the Avengers Facility.
“Now, my friends, enjoy the feast. Dance, eat, let go of your worries for as long as possible, alright?”
“I’m breaking the door,” Peter then says, wondering if it’s to prepare himself or to warn Tony. After taking a deep breath, Peter runs forward, banging his shoulder against the wood and feeling it come along. The door stays in one piece, falling down on the ground, pulled out of its hinges. Peter rubs his shoulder for a bit, looking around and finding a body on the ground.
“Tony, about the kiss-“ Steve starts, but Tony holds up his hand.
“You’re not really lucky, are you?” Steve joked to her.
“Oh no,” Peter groans out, throwing himself back on his bed and hiding his eyes underneath his hands.
Like Steve knows anything about Tony’s health regarding the suit…
“So you want to get to know your daddy, Parker?” Wade suddenly asks, fishing out a bag full of bread from his pack. Both Peter and Yaël raise their eyebrows in confusion; what can they expect him to do now?
to do.
Peter looks down and lets out a long sigh. His hands nervously tap against his legs and he ends up whistling an annoying tune to calm himself down a bit.
Peter frowns while letting the shampoo go through his hair.
Without knowing it, she must’ve fallen asleep, because suddenly she was standing in the woods again.
“Well, as far as I know, he broke up with Steve, so I’m pretty sure he’s not doing too great right now,” Peter offers, giving his Dad a look. When Tony notices them staring, he gives them a wave. Peter waves back, but Pepper turns to the teenager with wide eyes and a mouth fallen open.
Peter doesn’t think he’s ready for this conversation, yet.
“Na-ah, you wait until this evening, okay? And then you hold on to that picture for me.”
“Surprised?” he asked as he put his hands on his back.
much. Believe it or not, I might have looked stuff up on the internet about… uh, ‘relationship troubles’. I found this thing on ‘how much do you know your partner’-crap, and realized I couldn’t even fill in half of these questions.”
- Description of battle and war
“Can’t call Steve,” he says. The woman’s mouth falls open in surprise.
“That’s not supposed to happen,” Peter whispers out. “The Spiders were genetically altered so that only my DNA could accept it.”
“No, you are
“Here, get a cookie!” Yaël was put in front of an open fire with a trillion blankets wrapped around her. Mr. Thompson was still putting new lumps of firewood into the open fire. Yaël took a cookie from the plate Mrs. Thompson was holding in front of her nose.
“It’s that time, then?” Steve asks. Tony just nods, glad that he’s not beating around the bush. He’s told Cap multiple times about his fear of Pepper leaving him, though it had mostly been jokingly. Still, Steve knows when Tony’s being serious and when not; they’ve spent enough time together right now to understand each other on that matter.
“What do I do?”
The worst part, he feels like FRIDAY had purposely not told them about Peter climbing up the building.
“I guess you could say that,” he returns. “Very friendly.”
“I carried you here,” he answered without further explanation. But Yaël knew that it meant Lopt had climbed down loose rocks with her lifeless body on his back. They were standing at the opening of the cave, it was pouring rain outside. A bit further in the cave, they saw light flickering in the darkness.
It’s not a long way to Corona. A couple of the Avengers are already on the team, but so far it’s chaos as the androids are all just making damage where-ever they are. Damn Doombots.
“Steve’s not an Uncle to Peter, he’s like a father. Because Steve and I are together. Have been for a while now.”
“Who are you talking to, Tony?” she asks.
He should call Steve, tell him that he overreacted and that he shouldn’t have worked it out on him, but Tony knows that, even if Steve would just come back, the same thing would happen again. He can’t control it, this constant fear. Tony just needs more time to get his thoughts straight.
Thor got interrupted by the Hulk storming towards Surtur.
“I’m here!” Johnny shouts mid-run. He’s out of breath, his blonde hair wild and his eyes searching for an empty seat. Finding a chair next to Ben, he hurries into it, giving Ben a playful grin before winking at Mr. Ross.
Ah, well, what could possibly happen? Peter closes the door and locks it before following MJ and Rhodey to the stairs.
He nods towards the crash site, his curiosity getting the better of him. MJ frowns for a moment, but then she nods as well, obviously just as curious.
“Then explain it to me, Steve. We can’t come to an understanding if you’re not talking to me.” There’s a pleading in Tony’s voice that surprises Peter. What’s going on between them? “I know you’re sulking all the time. You lie awake at night, thinking about something that is obviously bothering you. I can’t give you a solution if you don’t tell me.”
Peter rolls his eyes. He has no intention getting into that car. They’ll only end up dead, one way or another. That, or worse; he could
“No, she had a night shift and she’s probably sleeping,” he mutters out through his sobs.
for is yourself. It’s not our liver you’re screwing up, after all.”
They’re pretty friendly with the other volunteers as well. To begin, there’s Julia. She’s a thirty-year-old high school drop-out who lives with her boyfriend and has two kids. Having known what it’s like to live on the streets, she wants to make sure to help the people in need the same way she was helped back when she dropped out of school.
Peter smiles as well, standing up and pulling May into a tight hug. She starts chuckling, wrapping her arms protectively around him.
His brown eyes followed their movements carefully. He frowned as he was thinking about his next move. This man was known as a high-intelligent person, but Yaël never expected his intelligence to be actually almost visible. The king looked at the people in front of him like they were a chessboard.
“Right, I forgot. I’m sorry, I’m a bit… annoyed…” Tony admits. Peter shakes his head and shrugs.
Bruce lets out a relieved sigh, and the others seem just as equally relieved. Natasha holds out her hand towards Scott, who rolls his eyes and pulls out a bill and hands it to her.
“Last I checked,” Wanda responds, shrugging like it’s no big deal. Then the two jump into each other’s arms. With his head over Wanda’s shoulder, he feels so much at the same time; relief that she’s alright, sadness because he doesn’t know how long she’ll stay. Fear because she can easily get caught being back here.
“Alright, I suggest we head out? Then at least the young ones can have some time for themselves,” T’Challa suggests to Tony, who shrugs and nods in return.
“Yeah, about your age, same height? I don’t know if you ever saw him before,” Tony says. “But I’m not really here to talk about him. I’ve got a proposition for you.”
“Of course,” she returned. “Her name is Stephany and she’s from medical.”
Without further prompting, Peter pushes his box aside and starts getting on his feet. When Tony moves as well, Peter holds up his hand.
And with that, after a quick goodnight to everybody, Scott, too, is out of the penthouse. After that, Tony stands in the middle of the room with Rhodey and Nat looking at him with that worried expression they always have whenever they’re worried about him. Obviously.
“No, we can do this just fine,” Steve tells him. Tony sighs but follows suit. He takes a towel, and waits for Steve to clean the bowl before he can dry it. There’s a strange, domestic feeling about this that Tony hasn’t felt in a little while. In his mind, he’s reminded of the time where Pepper insisted on doing the dishes, but he quickly finds that there’s no more pain in his chest. There’s nostalgia, yes, but looking at Steve is enough to counter the sadness immediately.
Traveling to London by a private plane, they arrive there only just in time for the funeral. They’re all immensely jetlagged, and nobody’s really ready to have a serious – or not-serious, for that matter – conversation. The first thing they do when they land is to take a cab, and head towards the church it’s happening.
“We just go further from here,” Lopt answered with a smirk.
This is what should have happened with Gwen, back then. She should have been caught.
Well, Yaël hadn’t seen the two men anymore and it was two days after that grumpy text she got from Fury. She hadn’t seen them in two weeks and she had the feeling that these two were busy and important men. She probably was no priority to them…
there.
Out of the blue, the environment changed. It went darker and darker until Yaël noticed she was suddenly standing in a cave, which lead to the lake.
“You don’t know what you’re saying anymore. Now, come here!” he demanded, but Yaël had never been that good at following orders. So she stubbornly sat down where she had been standing, which made Lopt frown even more. He sighed sarcastically as he walked towards her, plucked her from the ground, ignored her protest sprawling, which caused him to curse loudly after she kicked his nose, and put her back down next to the fire, at the exact point he had told her to go sit a few seconds ago.
This hurts Tony for some reason. The idea that Peter’s going through so many things that he would actually cheat on his girlfriend. It doesn’t sound like him at all, and Tony aches inside for knowing how much is bothering him.
“The team, everything. They were family, and now they’re gone. And it’s been hard on both of us, because Peter was actually friends with Wanda, and Natasha’s gone, too, and then there’s Steve-“
The truth had been… he’d been afraid of losing her friendship, in case things would go bad. And then she met that Richar-guy, and after that he swore not to try anything. Of course, that was before they both were as drunk as one could be and eventually ended up in bed together.
“How’s your view on them?” Wanda asks curiously, though Peter can sense the tension in her voice.
I can't just... I need to solve the problems first before I can make her happy again. Otherwise I create plotholes! Do you know how hard it is to fix those? No you don't, because you don't think about that, do you?
“I don’t know,” Peter admits. “My Dad’s pissing me off, Johnny was pissing me off. Steve is pissing me off. The goddamn Avengers have been gone for almost two weeks with close to nothing to report about this fucking secret mission, and meanwhile I’m just sitting here, going to stupid classes that I’m too smart for anyway!”
“So what do we do next?” the woman asked, once again pulling the attention back to the problem: Hela, walking towards them from the other side of the bridge. Yaël had to admit that the Goddess of Death had a whole lot of flair, walking there menacingly with her arms open as if she was the villain in some sort of movie…
“I’ll take care of it,” Tony assures her. Natasha gives him a worried look, but she nods to agree. Then she returns to the others, probably to tell them to get back to their respective floors. Tony isn’t staying long enough to listen to it. He gets to the door of Peter’s bedroom, remembering enough how he walked inside this room almost every day in the past two weeks, missing his boy’s presence.
“I would be insulted from your lack of knowledge, but it’s been my mission to stay in the shadows for a while now,” the girl says, scraping one gloved hand over the stone wall next to her. Her metal nails make a horrible sound in the process, causing for Peter to put his hands against his ears as he flinches.
“Mr. Stark? It’s me, Gwen!” the girl says in greeting, walking inside what looks like an extremely messy version of the lab. Peter’s a bit surprised to see that it looks like many things have exploded in here, while in his world Tony keeps his workplace neat and organized. Maybe that’s because he’s sharing it with his son, or maybe…
Once entering the room, Tony finds they’re in some sort of large laboratory where everybody seems to have their own desk. There’s the typical hexagonal shapes that Oscorp seems to have adopted as their own in every piece of furniture it’s possible with. Even the wall has some fancy shapes on it. Or, well, what was fancy back in this year.
Peter just shouts until the car comes to a halt. Then he takes a few seconds to breathe before he picks both phones back up and jumps outside.
“It wasn’t that easy, Tony,” Steve starts, but Tony shakes his head.
Steve lets out another deep breath before turning towards Bucky. He doesn’t know what exactly he’s feeling right now, but it doesn’t feel pleasant at all.
Tony stands up a bit straighter after that, putting his hands in the pockets of his pants unconsciously.
During the evening, the Compound is a whole lot less crowded than during the day; With barely any people that do evening work, the only persons in the building are the Avengers themselves – and they are mostly staying at their living quarters during the evening.
Tony nods, walking towards Gilette and holding out his hand for her to shake, which she does. After thanking her, Tony turns to get back to his suit. Before he can get far, a hand on his arm suddenly stops him.
Tony clears his throat.
Peter rolls to the ground to avoid another kick in the face. The impact on his shoulder is not pleasurable, but it beats the alternative. Then, seeing no other option, Peter pulls the mask off his head and throws it on the ground.
“You know she wants to start with kids? She’s refused to get any more birth-controlled materials in the house.”
Peter doesn’t complain at all. He knows this should be any kid or teenager’s dream, so he’ll have to act like he’s never been here before in his life. Mr. Stark is standing outside, waiting for Peter to join him.
“Your throne.” With a proud face, Thor sat down on the blue metal and white leather chair. Loki joined them and stopped next to Yaël, and quickly stroked her hand as a way of greeting her. More whispering raised from the crowd. Oh, yeah, sure, this was going well! Goddammit, Loki, Yaël inwardly grumbled.
“You’re right. We’ll head to bed, then,” Clint says. “Nat, you’re staying here?” He looks down at the woman on the couch, who gives him an unimpressed look.
“Mr. Stark? Parker actually thinks he knows Iron Man?” Flash says from behind the classroom. All the other students start to laugh, but Mrs. Cooper – that’s the teacher’s name – doesn’t seem so amused.
“I’m always cold,” he answered with some sort of half smile, like he was a bit sad about it. Yaël, who didn’t really get what he meant by that, reached up and put her hand against his forehead.  A gesture he clearly hadn’t seen coming. He stared at her for a second, looking completely startled. Then a frown appeared on his face.
“A dress?” she said dryly, before remembering that she shouldn’t be her usual dry self here. “Don’t you like it?” she threw him a sweet smile while blinking ‘flirtatious’. The man cocked his eyebrow, but Yaël saw twinkles of joy in his brown eyes. Was it working?
He asks when he’ll be home. Asks what he wants for dinner. If he wants to head to the dance club tonight, watch a movie with him and Peter. There’s a lot of pet names, confessions of love. And with every call that’s made, another attempt at escaping comes with it.
“DUDE?! WHAT KIND OF QUESTION IS THAT?!” Peter asks with clear disgust on his face. He puts his hands on his ears, shaking his head while squeezing his eyes shut. Natasha hurries towards them and flicks the three men on the backs of their heads. Behind her, she can hear the pair in question move to find out what’s going on here.
So Peter swings on and on, until very late in the night that it’s actually early again. And after that, he sleeps for two hours before getting ready for school.
Romanoff, you sneaky girl,” Tony mutters with a smirk. “When exactly did this arrive?”
“Shut up, Barton. When you’re robbed of an awesome day of awesome and endless sex you’ll react the exact same way,” Tony snaps back. Clint’s face pulls together in disgust. Barnes just lets out a sigh.
“I feel fine,” he admits. “Maybe a little headache, but I guess I can’t complain too much about that.”
“Can you get Steve for me?” he asks in a whisper. She frowns, confused, but then shrugs and nods. Quietly, she starts walking off, leaving Peter behind with Tony. “Actually, Mr. Stark, you and Steve live together in my universe.”
Well, she
Peter holds up his thumb before leaving the lab. After grabbing his earbuds again and putting up a catchy song, Peter gets into the elevator the moment it arrives. Now that he’s fully clothed, of course it stops nowhere at all but the floor where he needs to go; the main floor. He clears his throat, hides his badge away in the pocket of his coat, and he starts heading towards the exit.
Yaël wasn’t able to breathe anymore and tried to scratch Hela’s hands open. At the same time, she still managed to keep dehydrating the furious woman that was tilting her by her throat.
“You can keep secrets, right?” he suddenly asks Helen Cho, who has by now pulled out eight shards. She looks up with raised eyebrows, and then nods quickly.
“Oh, so that’s what you two had been discussing back then!” the black-haired man interrupted her.
They stand there for a few quiet minutes. But after a while, Clint lets out another sigh.
Steve may be right there. Tony nods before leaning forward once more, crashing their lips together again. Despite the anxiety he’s feeling about having to tell Peter the truth, right now he feels nothing other than contentment.
“Steve was actually just telling us about your singing talents underneath the shower,” Clint throws back. Steve’s cheeks turn bright red after that and he jumps up.
Tony says, and then he starts explaining what he’s currently working on. Peter takes it all in, listening to all the engineering explanations that he understands so perfectly. He adds his own little commentary, giving pointers where he thinks they are necessary.
Peter doesn’t know. All he knows is that he’s falling. He’s going down, knowing that Iron Man will catch him.
“You want to see him?”
- Spider-Man Homecoming dialogues
would try and kill Widow. Peter got to meet her a few times, and he
Tony ruffles through his hair and turns around again.
“Maybe a bit too soon to decide, no?” he says after a moment of thought. Steve hesitates before nodding, and then he lies back down on his side. Tony copies him.
“No!” he replied quickly.
Tony asks sadly. Steve’s heard breaks. “
Steve runs towards where Tony is seated. He passes his hand through Peter’s hair affectionately, gently kissing the top of his head, before taking Tony’s hand into his own and kneeling down, handing him the flower.
He points towards Johnny, and the other guy follows his finger, suddenly making an understanding sound.
“I’m all yours,” Steve says, holding up his hands in surrender as he gives all the control to Tony. He, in turn, starts grinning before sitting up again.
Pepper only stayed for a few more days. After that, she returned to the main bureau of Stark Industries. Tony stayed in New York, the team heading out to chase another lead.
Peter can’t see a thing. The parachute completely surrounding him, he continues with his fall until there’s a hard blow on his back. There’s tears forming in his eyes, and suddenly water is coming from everywhere. The suit is a lot of things, but not waterproof. For rain maybe, yeah, but not for being dropped into a damn lake!
“What do you mean?” he clenched his jaws and seemed to try his best not to ball his hands into fists. Yaël was playing on a sensitive string.
He’d been laughing, silently.
Tony grunts and closes his eyes again when he feels some tears form in his eyes. He takes a few deep breaths, biting on his lower lip while Cap speaks.
Chapter warnings:
“Okay, so who are we stalking again?” Yaël asked while stuffing her mouth with pizza. She had put her hair in a messy knot, but a few strings were accidentally left out.
Peter stays quiet, watching how Tony says something to Steve, who starts laughing genuinely. The two make their way to a pizzeria Peter knows has been here a long time. Peter figures that must be back from Steve’s time when he sees the Captain’s reaction upon seeing the building in front of him.
There’s a whole lot more going on in the center. There’s a free clinic, a thrift shop where they can get cheap clothes, and whatever else you need. And on the day of the opening, Peter invited as many people as wanted to come and volunteer at the center.
Unless…
“After I’m out of here, I promise you, Tony, I promise the world can know about us. I’ll announce it on live tv for all that matters. I’m not ashamed, Tony, I never was. I was just… wrong. So wrong.”
Yaël got visited by Vision again, but this time she asked him to leave her bedroom after he broke the news to her that she should stay inside for a little while, just like Wanda. This time, she wasn’t stuck in a glass cage, but the compound felt like a cage anyways after Vision’s words.
Steve nods. The man starts leaning forward to get a kiss from Tony. Peter is about to look away when he suddenly sees his Dad lift up his hand to put it against Steve’s mouth.
“Uh, my room is this way,” he offers, pointing towards the hallway that lead to all the Avenger’s bedrooms. They’re all unoccupied now, as far as Peter knows. “I’m staying next to the Android that doesn’t like doors.”
Peter sees how they pick Harry back up, how Iron Man hands Cap some sort of strange cuffs. War Machine is the one who takes him away, holding him in a strong grip as he flies up in the sky, followed by Iron Man carrying Cap in one arm.
“That’s our Peter, alright,” Steve chuckles. While Tony keeps on cradling Peter’s hair, Steve’s hand lands on top of Tony’s, tangling their fingers together. Tony looks up to him, swallowing past a lump in his throat.
The moment he nears the man, he looks over his shoulder to take a look at the drawing. It’s not bad at all. The man is using aquarel, and though he’s only just started (it’s only five past three), the garden is already pretty recognizable.
Peter never really questioned the fact that their far-fetched plan seemed to work out too perfectly, knowing their luck. The one thing that worked against them was the fact that once they got the gauntlet from Thanos, they couldn’t get it to Steve soon enough so Tony had to use it instead.
He then sighs.
Peter puts his hands on the Goblin’s, trying to pull them away from him. His feet are struggling to break him free, but instead he’s sinking further into the ground. His lungs start to sting, running empty of air. He can’t speak, breathe, and he can slowly feel his force leaving him.
“So, what are they both annoyed about?” Yaël heard Scott ask Charles. Like she couldn’t hear them, idiots. Steve’s fist flew to her direction and because of the distraction, Yaël dodged it almost too late. They had been training for two hours now.
“So,” Thor sighed. “King of Asgard.” With a little smile, he waved at his people behind him. Yaël was still getting used to his eyepatch. He managed to look even more like his father now.
Exchanged blood? The hero he’s destined to become? What is she talking about? Does she somehow already know that he’s going to become Spider-Man? And why on Earth would his father’s blood not work on him?
“Good,” Steve says then. He quickly carries the bowls of popcorn back to the kitchen, followed by Tony who takes along the empty glasses.
“Sweet child, come in!” Mrs. Thompson yelled. Yaël looked up confusedly. “Come on, before you get sick!”
Steve tries to make a point. Ross doesn’t take it, countering the statement with the question as to where Thor and Bruce are. No answer comes from the team; a heavy silence at the mention of their friends who are still missing since the Ultron disaster.
Only to be snatched out of the sky, instead. There’s even more struggle, and darkness prevents him from seeing what grabbed him other than two shiny green eyes. At first, his mind tells him ‘
I've been going through the 'Incorrect Stony Quote-tag' all day. This came out of it. To make sure that I didn't steal these quotes, I added a permalink to every quote I used!
“H-how long have you been standing there already?” Yaël rolled on her back and looked up to Steve.
Tony can’t believe him. Yet, he’s still grinning widely, despite the continuous anxiety he’s feeling inside of him. “Sure,” he mutters back, feeling Steve press a kiss on the back of Tony’s neck. They both close their eyes, and while they don’t fall asleep immediately, eventually even Tony ends up into the land of dreams. And for this one, rare time, there’s no nightmares about bodies around him, or Peter’s lifeless body falling down on the ground. Which is a good thing, but not enough.
One more look at the clock indicates that it’s almost one in the afternoon. Aunt May must still be sleeping from her night shift, so Peter doesn’t call her. He just sits down at the desk and starts up the computer, surprised at how fast the thing is going.
“Just Wade,” Peter tells him. Steve turns his head then to him. “Though nothing really can kill him so I’m sure he’s about ready to jump happily in a flowery meadow any moment now.”
“Your name sounds familiar, are you family of anybody I know?” Tony asks, wondering why the name is bringing up something in him, and cursing because he can’t place it at all. What’s wrong with his super-brain lately?
There’s no answer from Peter, but Steve’s sure that he gets it.
“It’s our song,” Steve counters in between his humming.
“You don’t kick back, you afraid to hit a girl?” she jokes, kicking out her leg again but barely missing him.
“You’ve forgotten again, haven’t you? Harry’s
“Whoa, he knows?!” Ned asks, way
Peter doesn’t think. He needs to just do. So he jumps into the air, higher than he would have expected. Swiftly, he lands on the black nets Venom has put together. MJ turns her head, startled by the sudden movement. Peter prepares himself for impending doom.
“That doesn’t look good,” Hilde suddenly states, pointing towards the hurting limb. Tony looks down, finding that his pants are ripped and there’s a large bloody spot hiding away what must be an injury.
once in a while. His phone is not really the center of his attention.
“Uh, a sleep-deprived mad scientist?” Peter recalls.
“You’ve travelled back in time before to save your son. As a miracle, nothing happened back then even though it was a few months that you travelled back to.”
“This is for PTSD,” she states the moment she sees it. When she says it, everybody looks up at Tony to search for confirmation. He can only nod sadly.
Mr. and Mrs. Thompson did ask a few questions out of curiosity. Questions like: “So, did you also go to Xavier’s school?” Yaël’s trick was stuffing her mouth with peas so that she’d always have a few seconds before she could answer, because she needed some time to think about it.
She got money from it. Some people gave it because she played so beautifully. Some just for having her stop breaking their ears. A few days later, Yaël took all the money she had earned that day by playing cello and working in gardens and went to a bar.
“Did she get sick as well?”
“That’s our little brother Tom,” Toby explains, pulling Peter along who follows without complaining. He looks at the little baby, always in awe of those small figures with way too big eyes looking back at him. The kid is sucking on his fingers, so Peter doesn’t get too close.
“Stark,” she says. When she stands still in front of him. “Pepper,” she continues when she realizes Pepper is here as well.
“Tony, for the last time, I’m not asking Betty out, and I’m most certainly not taking her to an arcade!” Bruce counters. Rhodey then once again leans forward.
“Nope, me,” the woman answered dryly while pointing at herself.
The girl he’s walked into is chuckling nervously.
And the day started out pretty good, too. Tony remembers waking up in the morning, finding the sunlight shining on Steve’s face, seeing the man sleeping in for once in a while. It’s rare that Tony’s up earlier than he is, but Tony kind of likes it. He had reached out his hand, put it on Steve’s cheek, and watched and waited until he woke up.
“No problem,” Brunnhilde answered. “By the way, I discovered where I know you from, by the way.”
Once the trees are surrounding him, the light of the sun disappears for a bit. The few stripes that do penetrate through the leaves come and go on his hands. Other than that, it seems like he’s surrounded by shadows.
Oh, he’s running his mouth again.
“Anything new?” somebody asks. In front of Tony’s closed eyes, he sees a person in front of him.
The moment he’s up, he gets out of his sleeping wear. Without further thought, he grabs some random clothes and decides to take a quick shower to wake up a bit. He wonders if he might be getting sick or something. Is that even possible for him?
He could try to get Tony Stark’s attention, right? Apparently his mother and he had been good friends; That surely must be a good enough reason to want to talk to him?
Steve asks. Peter shakes his head.
Oh, they’re going for small talk while waiting for Yaël to get out of bed? What is she even still doing there? Post-coital nap? Oh crap, Peter really didn’t have to think about Captain America having sex with anybody, thank you very much!
Sure, he could do that had it just been Johnny kissing him shortly before Peter pulled back. The fact that Peter had unknowingly returned the kiss and was somehow kind of into it as well makes it even ten times worse.
“I’ll give you a key, remind me.”
Once he’s upstairs, in the penthouse, the first thing he notices is the new couch on the place where the old one used to be. It’s a large, white thing that will surely only need five seconds before it’s completely dirty again. A serious miss-buy from Tony, if Peter must be honest.
“Hey doc,” Tony starts, ignoring the slight shudder in his voice. He clears his throat, stops the car and rubs his eyes. “I, uh, I was wondering if you were seeing anybody right now?”
“Nat, c’mon. It’s not worth it,” he hears Steve say in the background. It strikes him straight in the chest, hearing
They take place on a chair, listening to the stories Peggy wants to tell Peter. There’s stuff about Steve, stuff about Daniel. And then there’s also (embarrassing) stuff about Tony when he was a kid. But Tony gives them that; he doesn’t want to ruin the good mood.
“Uh,” he mutters, letting his mouth fall open at the sudden realization that he’ll get to introduce these two! He hopes they’ll get along! “Ned! This is Harry! He’s my best friend from when we were kids!”
Steve wants to counter that, to say that, even though he wishes it was so, Peter’s not his son. Of course, it feels like he is, nonetheless.
He’s once again interrupted, this time not because of Peter. It’s more the low, Tuba-like sound that does it.
“Avengers! Spider-Man is on the scene ignoring direct orders. Get him out of there!” he warns the others. Whatever the Avengers are saying to that, Tony can’t hear it. All he can do is trying to keep an eye on the red-and-blue blur swinging his way towards the massive robot that is causing large destruction to the section of the city.
“C’mon, team. Let’s give them some time alone,” Bucky suddenly says, nodding towards the door. Simultaneously, everybody gets up on their feet and head towards the door. Only Wanda walks up to Peter and gently squeezes his shoulder.
Gestures like giving up your vacation through Europe and coming back to New York to just hang out with your best friend. Peter hates himself for neglecting his friendship with Harry lately. And Ned. The poor guy, he’s probably working his ass off at MIT to be the best of the class, and Peter can’t even think about picking up the phone.
When he’s heading home at last – after getting a very clear message from his Dad telling him that he needs to be back before ten – Miles is at the verge of putting on his headphones when he hears it. Just a rustle, a grunt, he doesn’t really know. It’s a vague sound that makes him realize somebody’s hurt somewhere close. Miles puts his headphones around his neck and carefully makes his way to the alleyway. He realizes this might be the biggest mistake in his life, but he can’t just walk by without helping. He’s been doing that enough in the past already.
what I meant!” Peter shouts in return. The Goblin just laughs.
“Maybe until next time?”
At the end of the fourth journal, his parents are back together and they’re engaged to be married. That’s when Peter puts the journals back away again and makes his way back home. It’s almost evening and he hasn’t eaten all day besides breakfast. Quickly, he makes his way back to his alley and gets dressed back to his own self, before walking to his house. He doesn’t really feel like spending too much time there, so all he does is pick up the fifth and sixth journal, and then he makes his way to the park. It’s not like he has any friends to go to, anyway.
By the time he’s back at the tower, he says goodnight to everybody before heading towards his room.
Peter pulls a bit at the web, testing out its strength and resistance. When it appears to be sticking to the building in front of him, he lets go of the wall, letting himself fall down freely, swinging around. Instinctively, he shoots web after web, leaving the previous one hanging there until it should dissolve on itself. With a smooth movement, one he barely even understands, himself, he’s on the roof of a driving cab. A few people look up in surprise, pointing at him. He just waves, only wanting to be out of here as quickly as possible.
“I think I can go with that agreement,” Tony agrees. The two lean forward again one more time, but before they can meet each other in between, the door flies open.
The first one who speaks is Tony. Tony, who just cries out a loud ‘shit’ and throws his chair across the room to where Venom used to be. Now, there’s only a broken container. Probably, it got tipped over by accident. Or Venom was trying to get the Black Cat’s attention and she freed it to find out what it was. Either way, she fucked them over in so many ways that even Peter finds it difficult to breathe.
“No, Dad, I didn’t mean-“
Harry just snorts. “Nah, I’m nobody. I’m just the guy saving your ass.”
“Any word on Steve and the other Avengers?” Tony asks.
“Don’t try to explain, Peter. I’ll hear the story when I’ll hear it,” she says while leaning forward and kissing him on the top of his head. “To be fair, I might have known for a little while. You have always been kind of terrible at keeping secrets.”
Peter’s heart breaks when he sees this. How could the man make such a turn in behavior? Yesterday he looked completely fine, and now here he is, lying in bed after what looks like a possible suicide-attempt.
It’s just a blur, the only thing he’s feeling is anger. Anger for his mother, anger for his father. All directed towards this single man in front of him. The man Steve seems so desperate to rescue.
FRIDAY asks Peter as he starts his search through the archived inventions that he’s put aside or discarded in the past few years. Knowing Tony Stark, he never throws it away with the thought that he’ll finish it later. Peter frowns when he comes up to the very first edition of the Stark Phone. What an old thing!
“We can’t help you if you won’t let us, Tony,” Steve adds. “You scared the kid. I don’t know why he suddenly got into your radar, but in some way you must care for him. Think of how he must have felt to see his idol in that position?”
Peter can already feel what’s coming for him.
“Alright, good night, Dad.” With that, the teenager turns around and heads back to his room. Tony, in the meantime, lets out another deep sigh before walking towards the balcony. The moment he’s outside, he realizes how chilly it’s become in the evening. Summer’s over, that’s clear enough. Still, not bothering to get back inside and grab his coat, Tony walks up to the railing and looks down at the city underneath him.
“Let me just say that, at first when I arrived there, I though I didn’t want to leave anymore. But then I met the other you. And I realized I didn’t want to have the role I had in your life. I couldn’t just be uncle Steve to you.”
Peter doesn’t respond. They get under a bower, illuminated by candles that don’t seem bothered about the snow. In the middle of the room there’s a stand, something made of rock and covered with gold and jewels. On the center of the circle, for some reason, lies a very familiar hammer.
On one hand, he feels like it’s an easy way out; they can forget about it and move on with their lives. On the other hand, he knows it’s bothering Tony just as much as it’s bothering him. He doesn’t want to keep this feeling between them.
“Peter? Hey!” His eyes hurt. So does his throat. Is he crying? He can’t even feel it anymore. “Please, just breathe.”
The needle pokes through Mary’s skin without trouble. Once he thinks he’s in deep enough he grabs the vial and pushes it into the holder. Once he sees it fill up a small smile comes up onto his lips. Mary, too, smiles for a bit.
“Isn’t he cute?” Tony asks without thinking about it. Natasha groans, and Sam rolls his eyes before turning away.
know… He won’t remember this. He won’t know what I’ve said. And at least this way…” Steve doesn’t continue. Instead, he reaches out a hand towards Tony’s face as well.
When nobody opens, he lets himself in instead. While the house had been extremely crowded when he arrived here at first, now it seems like the entire city of New York has been invited inside. Carefully, Peter digs himself through the crowd, ending up with lots of beer and wine being tipped over on him as he accidentally bumps in against a few people.
She took deep breaths. These shocks were taking their toll. Leaning with her hands on the ground, she looked at the purple guy, who was still stuck in the ground.
hot,” the Cat mutters against his mouth, grinning widely. Peter doesn’t respond, letting his hands rest on her back, sliding them lower and lower until they’re grabbing her ass instead. She pushes herself up against him, causing for Peter to groan.
She added a smiley after that. Then she sneaked back into his room. Where should she put it down? Probably on his desk. But what Yaël hadn’t been counting on, is that her friend left pieces of lego here and there on the floor. So when she stepped on one, barefoot, as she left her shoes at the front door, she did her best to not start yelling curses. Jeez, who invented these little blocks from hell?! Jumping on one foot, she accidentally stepped on a screwdriver, which rolled away and made her tumble against the floor, knocking her head against Peter’s chair.
As it turns out, it’s some sort of mobile lab. It’s small, and probably not a good place for Banner to work in without testing his anger issues, but somehow it’s still open. Probably because somebody must have cleaned this place up a bit before they left. Everything is put away neatly, covered with a few layers of dust collected from the years. Tony guides a spider away from his face by replacing the web to another place against the sides.
“Smooth, Barton,” Natasha suddenly says, taking Clint’s place at the door and leaning up against it. With an unimpressed glare she looks at Steve. “You’ve got to be kidding me, right? The all-responsible Steve Rogers couldn’t even get showered in time? You smell like sex.”
It’s not one of those headaches that comes when he hasn’t had enough water in his system, or when his brain is going in overdrive. It’s more of the silently suffering kind of headache that comes because of the people surrounding him.
“I’m coming!” Then he pulls the phone back to his ear.
Tony looks back at the entrance, about ready to tell the kid to beat it because he’s in a hurry. But, the guy’s also just doing his job, and besides, he asked nicely. Most of the other reporters would have had their camera taking a picture before even asking.
With one hand removed from the steering wheel, Peter lifts Wade’s leg to get his foot off the accelerator, only to move it back onto the brake. Then he breaks open the windows, and starts shooting web around like crazy.
“Dad!” Peter complains again. He tries to push the man away from him, but holds himself back when he thinks back of the wound on Tony’s chest. Does it still hurt? He doesn’t know, since Tony never talks about it.
They come across Michelle once. She just raises an eyebrow at him, gestures that she’s watching him, and then walks off again. Peter doesn’t let her get to him.
“Did you mean it?” he then asks quietly right before Steve can walk away. The super soldier stops in his tracks before turning around, eyes full of confusion. “When you told me you love me. Did you mean it?”
Peter grins. "Hey, that's my Dad's technology you're talking about," he returns, but still following suit. After his drink is heated as well, the two stand back up and get to the couch where Peter starts up the television.
“Uh, I’m still working,” Peter says nervously. “Why do I even have to explain myself to you?”
After what must be minutes, Peter starts to pull back, quickly rubbing away a tear and trying not to show too much that he’s been crying. It’s a lost cause, of course, but that doesn’t mean that he won’t try it. Mr. Stark takes a step back as well, giving Peter a long look before turning his head away.
“I suspect you are here about Mr. Stark?” he asks. Steve frowns but then nods.
“Our eyes are the same,” he counters right before closing the door behind him.
“Dr. Strange, are you alright?” Peter asks. The guy groans, looking bloody and beaten. Peter quickly runs up to him to check if he’s not too hurt. If so, he should probably carry him to a hospital or so.
Steve doesn’t sound annoyed, which is good. And Tony
Is this what Dad warned him about? When he said not to go after these guys? Did he know something like this would happen? Is he disappointed him now?
“Come on, let me carry him, you get back in the suit,” he offers. Tony shakes his head again, rocking his boy back and forth. “Please, Tony. We can get him somewhere safely.”
Maybe not, he figures. If anything, Peter is afraid that he’ll make it worse, instead. Better to keep it quiet.
Tony takes in the couple in front of him. Felicia is a young woman, about Peter’s age or maybe just a little bit older. She’s got long brown hair and flashing blue eyes. She has this specific kind of face that one wouldn’t exactly forget.
“Alright, get out there.”
“Unless?”
“You’re lucky that I love you,” Steve says, coming to stand next to Tony to put a hand on his forehead. Tony pulls away, grabbing a hold of the glass and bringing it close to his lips. “Otherwise I would have kicked your ass.”
Yaël saw the picture of a huge, green, muscular, eh,
"Our team is going to be victorious," Thor announces proudly, pulling Bruce and Steve closer to him and throwing his arms over their shoulders. Peter yells in enthusiasm, agreeing with that fact. Harry, too, starts cheering.
Yet, Peter still doesn’t want to face their disappointment.
“Steve,” Tony whispers out. He’s sweaty, his face red. Steve hesitates for a moment, afraid he’s going to give the guy a heart attack. While they usually go two rounds before going to sleep, Steve also realizes that Tony isn’t the youngest man around anymore, and it’s not always evident that they could do this the way they’re going doing it now for a very long time.
“Follow me.” Yaël got up and curiously followed Lopt. While they were walking, they didn’t really talk much. It seemed like he was thinking about something. It was weird to see him back, as the last time she saw him was when he saved her from her own grave.
“Uh, yeah, sorry I never mentioned that,” Peter admits to her. Felicia’s blue eyes just stare at him, studying him. Before anybody else can say anything, Shuri raises her arm and starts waving.
“I’m about three years sober now, so…” he explains curtly. Realizing that she’s about to make a comment on it he quickly stops her. “Okay listen, your husband is working on genetically modified spiders, right?”
“So how’s it going between you and Bucky?” he hears Steve ask somewhere behind him, probably to Natasha. The spy turns towards him, her short red curls bouncing up and down in the movements of her dodges.
“What? No, dude, I’m fine!”
Suddenly Yaël heard voices, not coming from the woods or anything. They seemed like they came from nowhere, no direction. The voices were just there. They were arguing, and it took Yaël a while to recognize one of the two voices as the man she had been talking to in her last dream.
Gwen puts a hand on Peter’s shoulder and squeezes it. “Give it time,” she says. Then she turns towards the city. “We should get to your Dad, no?”
“You could take the blood for the sample right away. I’ll try to take care of the other sample right after that.”
In one instant, when Peter called out for him… he could have sworn Steve knew. He looked at him, eyes wide and about to say something. But then he didn’t. And Peter was left alone.
“Oh, and you’re up, too.”
The video takes a turn when suddenly somebody in the crowd shouts ‘JUST KISS ALREADY’, and the two suddenly fly towards each other, lips smashing in a strong, demanding kiss. Peter immediately turns off the screen and puts the device aside, trying not to think back too much about what happened there.
“Oh, Tony Stark, Dad, creator of all that is awesome and unprecedented. I humbly ask you to allow me, your idiot son who keeps on losing his stuff, inside of your well-kept home that is practically a modern, high-up tree-house-castle.”
Peter lowers his head as the image of a hand reaching out to his comes to mind. He takes a few deep breaths and leans forward, resting his hands on his knees. He can do this; it’s still Harry, somehow. He needs to find a way to get his friend back without hurting him too much.
“That’s too bad,” Peter returns, then remembering that he’s supposed to be shocked about that bit of revelation. “Wait, uh, you have a son?!”
Sitting on a fancy chair in a large room somewhere in Geneva, surrounded by about sixty other people and mutants, Peter realizes that the world is a big place. Seeing heroes that he’s never seen before, he’s close to just asking all of their names and getting to know them all. But as it stands, he holds himself in check.
I hope you'll enjoy!
His mind has only one thing to tell him.
“Well, Barnes and I were wondering who’s the pitcher and who’s the catcher between the two of you?”
“You’re going to have to be a bit more specific, handsome,” she tells him, sounding cheeky just like she did before.
“Peter Parker, why are you bruised all over?” he asks, using his serious tone. Peter swallows nervously, standing up at last. Wearing only a t-shirt, he fails at trying to hide the bruises on his arms away.
“Did you have a fight with your dads?’ Johnny asks knowingly. He’s leaning against the doorway with his arms crossed, looking at Peter changing without any shame in him. “Has it something to do with those massive bruises you’ve got on your… everywhere?”
“Dad, hey,” Peter says with a smile. Tony smiles back. He pulls the kid into a strong hug, taking in his scent but noticing that here isn’t any on him. That’s odd. “I need you to wake up, okay? For me? Can you do that?”
“Not again,” Scott mumbled.
How did Harry even escape? He thought they’d capture him that first time? He should have asked, but only thinks of it now…
Being Spider-Man has taken a small moment of rest, until Peter’s all healed up again, but other than that, things are practically the same. Ned is still incredibly curious as to how the Avengers exactly are as persons, Michelle continues on staring at Peter with this huge distrust, Aunt May still seems to have this weird crush on Captain America (probably even more so now that she’s actually met the man), and Flash still seems intent on making Peter’s life a miserable hell.
“Well, when Odin arrived at the peaceful planet, which it was back then, he let Hela choose a name for it. It was hers. He actually wanted to name it Valdr, ‘ruler of heaven’, but nope, she wanted to go with ‘way to hell’: Helvegen. He should’ve noticed she wasn’t a normal kid back then, but he didn’t. So they recruited a few habitants to join Odin and one of these recruited people was your mother, because she was able to steer air and fire, something not many Helvegians were able to do.”
“The kid’s lost so much,” Tony explains. “His parents, his uncle, his first girlfriend even died because of the Goblin – yeah, that’s the casualty we were told about. A freakin’ sixteen-year-old girl.”
necessary. Because of that I feel like I need to bring up the subject of potentially being a donor to your father.”
“Don’t do that,” May hisses at him, slapping his hands back down. Everybody starts laughing before somebody clears his throat.
Arriving at the Sanctum in record time, Tony doesn’t even need to knock on the door before it opens and a very annoyed Stephen Strange stands in front of him.
The kid is reckless, probably even more so now that Tony knows about him. Now that he has the suit…
Peter walks on, getting out of what seems like the living room and instead finding himself in front of some stairs. Seated on it is a girl, who looks like she’s already passed out. Peter carefully shifts her so she’s leaning against the wall instead of being hunched forward. He’s sure her back will appreciate that a little bit more.
Somebody that looks like Wolverine.
“I suppose, he had a funny name indeed,” she returns. Then she clears her throat, looking down at the ground. Peter, too, lowers his head.
But Steve first introduces Tony to everybody. Steve doesn’t tell them a name, explaining that he doesn’t know it either. Tony’s just ‘Iron Man’, the hero who rather keeps his identity hidden. The other Avengers’ reactions are divided. Some are exited to see him, while others, like Natasha and Sam, don’t seem to trust him that much.
“She fought against the Queen in a big army of only women, joining the enemy of the royal family!” It got harder for Yaël to keep her anger to herself.
“Oh, dear no! Do you still believe in fairytales?”
“What words?!”
But crap, he still can’t shake the idea of Thor being gone. Loki, he doesn’t care too much about, but Thor always seemed invincible to him. If this person can bring
“I’m sorry, am I missing the point? What’s this thing going to do to help me out?”
“Well, it seems like your guy get his chance to prove himself right now,” Fury mutters out. “Suit up, Cap, and we’ll check out the situation.”
“So, can anybody recapitulate for the people who weren’t there?” Bruce asks, holding a hand up the moment he enters the room. He’s only been told the footnotes of everything, much like Bucky and Hope have been.
Sirens are heard in the background. The fire-department, police, ambulance… who-ever it is, Tony is not planning on sticking around. He comes back to his feet, grabbing Steve by the shirt and slightly pulling on it. With his free arm, he makes a movement towards Peter as an indication that he needs to follow.
Tony secures the needle while he switches the vials one by one, until he gets to the fifth. Before it’s completely filled he loosens the band, throwing it back into the box it came from. Mary, with her free hand, takes the other four vials and starts shaking them gently.
“You know you don’t heal as fast as I do! You could have ruptured something! I knew you shouldn’t have joined on this mission; you’ve been distracted all week, Tony! What’s going on with you?”
The guard tilted her memory’s unconscious body outside. Yaël pulled on X’s hand so he’d follow her. They didn’t go through the hallways that led to the city, nor to the Royal Yard, no, they went to a dark corner that led to a lake. There, in the mud between the castle and the lake, the counselor watched how another guard had already shoveled a big hole out the dirt.
“Yeah, he’s inside,” Bruce says, pointing in the room with his thumb before walking off. When Steve enters, the door slides shut behind him.
“No, no, no, don’t do this! I’m in a relationship,” he mutters out. Tony smiles lightly before pressing a kiss on Steve’s lips.
Peter shrugs and then shakes his head, starting to make his way back to the changing room. Right now, all he wants to do is head home and not think about this again. Aunt May is there tonight, so they can roll up a movie and just spend the evening on the couch.
Tony lowers his head, looking at his son’s unmoving hands. “Does the fact that you stopped taking your pills have anything to do with it?” Tony tries. Peter then finally looks up, eyes scared and red from crying.
“The what?” she asked. The Cap took his phone, one of these old flip-open pieces.
Tony takes a deep, shaky breath. Then he nods, relaxing a little bit again.
“Think about that next time I do something stupid, alright?” he tries, thinking back of the override-codes and the whole Vulture-business. Tony smiles again, wrapping an arm around Peter’s shoulder and keeping him close.
“FRI, better order some more drinks,” Tony mutters out, raising his glass to his mouth at last. Before he can drink, there’s another knock on the door. “Damn it, what is going on?”
After a little while, when they seem to be dry on the fun memories, Peter decides to bring it up.
But they’re going to make the best of it. Because the Carters and Sousas will be there! And while Peter might only have seen a few of them once or twice, he’s been in contact with the younger generations sometimes through Facebook.
"You know what? This conversation goes nowhere."
“No, it’ll be at the compound! But it’s not going to be something big, just a little get-together with everybody,” he explains. That involves bringing Ned and MJ around to the compound. It’s obvious that the former was
“Just- go. Take him and go,” Tony breathes out, leaning heavily on his right hand. His left arm is aching in every possible way, and he’s pretty sure he made that contusion even worse. His doctor is going to love him…
“MJ, I-“ Peter starts, but his words get stuck down his throat. How is he ever going to explain this? It’s not like he can use the Spider-Man-excuse since he’s completely out of his suit.
“Girl?” he calls out, still unknowing of the girl’s name. Is she even still here? Or did she trick him into getting in here?
Also, in the other story, Yaël (the original character) is going to be good friends with Steve (nothing more than that, of course!). That friendship will sometimes be hinted into this story, but I won't put it too much into detail here. She's getting her own story (with Loki), and her origins and troubles will be further worked out there.
“Auch,” was Yaël’s answer. Dammit, she had been so quiet, but yet, her shock and pain had made her unwittingly blow up the water bottle on Peter’s bedside table. “Sorry,” she mumbled as she pulled herself back up.
while waiting for him.
“Sorry…” he mumbled. Yaël pulled on the neck of her shirt and looked to her chest.
. Before he can get out, Steve grabs his hand and presses a kiss to his fingers. The other four people in the room groan out while shielding their eyes.
“Because his partner is leaving again?” Dr. Thatch asks. Peter nods.
“Of course I’m here, Dad. Where-else would I go?” he asks. Then he turns back at Dr. Palmer, who is looking at him with wide eyes. “I’m sorry for interrupting you.”
So he takes another shortcut; going through more gardens, and ruining even more parties, scaring other kids and dogs. After a while, he switches to going through the roofs. He catches up to the car, makes his jump-
before he started hating him, Harry used to look up to his mother, aspire to be like her. Then, after she passed away, Harry never mentioned her again.
“Because I wouldn’t be surprised if it’s the other way around as well!”
What is the purpose of life?
“Your name is Yaël. Believe me when I say that you should actually be locked up instead of put in this apartment. I guess you can thank your great savior Professor X for that.” The man, who introduced himself as Nick Fury, said.
There’s a warmth next to him. A body, breathing making Tony’s arm go up and down as he lies there with his eyes closed.
“Glad you noticed, Dad,” Peter jokes. “But now that I have your attention, there’s something I need to tell you guys.”
The suit makes a movement as if Tony’s accepting a drink somewhere. Oh crap, Peter really doesn’t like it when Tony drinks, even though it’s just something small. He doesn’t want Tony to fall back to his bad habits.
Peter lets out a long breath, wondering when they’ll ever just have a moment of quiet peace.
“Good morning, Mr. Stark. I’m Lisa and I’ll be your nurse today. Did you sleep well?” the woman asks. Tony looks up at her, feeling extremely awful, to be honest. Then he nods, because he can’t complain at all about his night.
“Nat, where are we going?” Peter tries to ask.
“Is everybody alright?” Peter asks, only noticing then that his arms are bloody. That’s normal, since he just ran through a glass door practically. Looking at one of the cuts, he finds that it’s quite deep. That might be needing stitching up.
“How did we get here?”
“It’s alright. I know what to do,” Peter returns. He quickly explains everything Gwen told him about how she got rid of the suit. “But it’s possible that the suit is going to fight back. You can’t count on my co-operation.”
“I’m sorry, Tony,” Steve eventually says once he’s dressed in only his underwear. Tony lifts up an eyebrow in confusion while he folds up Steve’s clothes and puts them on the drawer next to the bed.
“You’re extremely sassy today, what’s gotten into you, FRIDAY?” Tony asks in a mutter. “You’re not afraid you’re going to be replaced now that you have a little brother, are you?”
“You don’t say. I suppose I should go and see what they need me for. Are you going to be alright here?”
“Oh God,” Peter groaned. At that moment, Yaël suddenly realized she was completely naked. She sneakily looked aside and saw Peter neurotically covering his body with the blanket.
Steve looked down at his watch. “I’ll take the first flight to New York,” he said.
anybody inside.
After a while, there's a door opening further away. Peter turns his head to the side, but he can't see anybody yet. It must come from the hallway.
“My name,” the woman said while holding the door open for Yaël “is Natasha Romanoff.”
“Yes,” Tony finally admits after a silence of a minute long. The first tear finally rolls over his cheek and he wipes it away as fast as he can. Then he crosses his arms and leans back in his seat, pretending once again that he’s not crying.
Tony’s flying the quinjet. Rhodey is seated next to him, the two of them in the middle of a long conversation Peter hasn’t even tried to pay attention to. Bruce is somewhere on Peter’s left, headphones around his neck and explaining something to Steve, who seems like he’s lost in the words and is just nodding along to stay polite.
Tony has to admit that Otto keeps on standing strong while the needles insert themselves into his spine. People around him start cringing, almost as if they’re feeling the pain instead of him. Steve, too, shudders for a moment before turning towards Tony.
“And now?”
Tony takes him to a little hallway. The door is open there, and Peter can see Pepper standing there. She offers him a smile and walks up to him. When she reaches him, she takes his face in her hands and presses a kiss on the top of his head.
“Yes, I’ll show you the way.”
“Dude, you were insane!” Ned says. Tony and Steve decide to take a few steps to the side to give the boys their privacy. While the four of them start to happily discuss his performance, Tony pulls up his phone and quickly takes a picture of it. Then, in just a matter of seconds, he turns the camera until it’s facing him and Steve.
Harry doesn’t answer, having his mouth full. All he does is offer him a smile, and Peter smiles back, grabbing another pizza from the box. He doesn’t know how long they’ve been here, but it must be a while. He’s not too surprised when somebody knocks on the door, and suddenly Tony is standing inside.
“Sure. Talk to you soon, buddy.”
“With Peter Parker,” Peter says as his usual greeting.
“Steve Rogers,” the man simply says. “Just call me Steve.”
“Wrong answer, Parker,” she tells him. Then she blocks his way, crossing her arms as she stares him down. Peter sighs and throws his arms up in the air.
“That’s what happens when my boyfriend is an idiot,” Tony returns. He leans forward again to kiss him on the lips. It’s a gentle touch, lips caressing each other in an easy caress. They don’t pull apart, either, just keep their lips close to each other while enjoying each other’s presence.
He’ll make his Dad proud.
“He’s right,” Peter says. “It’s not worth risking the universe for me.”
“Peter, ‘out’ as in ‘unconscious’, well or something like that, sometimes I was awake, I think.”
The real Yaël looked up and noticed the paint of the biggest painting, the one behind the king, started melting and dripping out of the fancy framework. It was the painting of the queen: Völuspá. The queen was a stern looking woman with an extremely pale skin and dark circles under her eyes. Her hair was painted very flatly and it looked as black as tar.
“But it was, wasn’t it?” Harry sighs the moment he’s lying down. The two of them looking at the ceiling in the sudden silence between them. “I’m sorry… about Gwen.”
The man looked up and saw her curiosity. “Of Mice and Man,” he said as he shut the book and lifted it so Yaël could see the front.
Tony can see Steve turn red almost over all his body. It’s kind of adorable.
“Somehow, Wade called me up and told me you needed an escort home. After I got you here, I made myself comfortable on the couch,” Steve says. Peter then rests his eyes back on the Captain sitting in front of him. So… the two
“Hi Happy!” Peter exclaims loudly, the way he always does. Happy just nods at him and starts driving. He’s never been the most talkative towards Peter, but he doesn’t try to let it get to him. He’s sure it’s nothing personal.
The roof is small – mostly due to the special design of the tower. If he looks down, he can already see the flying deck from the Avenger’s floor. That floor has by now once again changed into Mr. Stark’s penthouse, of course, since the heroes have relocated to the compound upstate.
“You know who,” Wade said with a wink.
“Not like it matters right now since they don’t want to grant visas to weapons of mass destruction.”
In the end, they were an hour late to a party they went to for the second time in their knowledge. But the only thing that matters to Steve and Tony both is keeping Peter in the dark. He doesn’t need to know about it.
“I know. I love you, too, Dad.”
That sneaky kid…
Steve gives him a long look. “You really love the other me, don’t you?” he asks. Tony bites his lips together, but doesn’t respond. Because he does, he does love Steve so much. But his behavior in the past few months, the way he dealt with the aftermath of the Infinity War… Tony said some things that he shouldn’t have. It’s his own fault that he pushed Steve away to New Asgard.
“Why can’t he come?” Bruce suddenly asks. Everybody turns to him, eyes fallen open from the surprise. “I don’t see the problem, at least that way he’ll get a say in what’s to be expected from these accords.”
“Wha- I’ve never even been in Germany?” she muttered out. But she understood what Wade was talking about. Her words sounded different, some were even difficult to pronounce.It was the accent. When Yaël first met Ms. Thompson, the old lady that lived in the room right under hers, she had also asked where Yaël came from.
She must be, since she’s walking next to the God of mischief, holding their child on her hip and searching through the crowd, probably for him. Peter doesn’t wave at her, instead waiting for her to notice him. It’s less tiring like that.
And Tony brainstorms, listing up things that would be good to keep. The things that aren’t important, he crosses out. If anybody can find a way to remove the fire from the nano-technology, it’s Tony Stark, for crying out loud.
“Peter, you can at least say something,” Tony finishes, not liking how he’s being ignored here. But the hard look on Peter’s face makes it clear that he’s having trouble keeping everything in. Peter blinks a few times, before nodding.
There are minimal lights on. With the place having been abandoned for who knows how many years, it’s been pretty neglected when it comes to maintenance. There’s dust everywhere, and cobwebs in every corner on the ceiling. Tony tries his best to keep away from those.
“Well, what’s your, eh, other name?” he asked.
“What are you doing here?” Steve asks in confusion. Natasha rolls her eyes but hands him a couple of her gadgets. He recognizes them as… tazers? He’s not sure.
“Hello?” he asks once he picks up, making his way out of the café. He curses himself already for forgetting his coat inside.
“We need a shower,” Steve chuckles. Tony groans and rolls back over, pressing his face in the pillow.
“What?” Yaël touched her cheek. “Fuck!” she quickly wiped away her tear with her fingertips.
, either!”
“Peter, where are you going?” Steve asks.
“But you would think he got over that, no? They’ve been in a relationship for a few months, after all?” Peter asks, confused. Bruce shakes his head and looks up into the sky.
“Yeah, sure! Oh, and your wife’s inside, she’ll want to see you! Looks like that Stark dicked you over again, didn’t he?”
“They let us out for good behavior. Isn’t that great?” Clint, who is holding a few small presents in his hands, marches towards the tree as if he’s been living here for a few years as well. Sam stays standing at the door for a moment, making sure that Tony doesn’t get a stroke from the sudden excitement.
Bruce stares at him.
the time, obviously – but he’s such a heavy sleeper that Peter walking by with heavy footsteps would not wake him at all.
It never comes. And slowly, Tony is realizing that it’s no use. His fingers almost squeeze through Peter’s arms as he hugs him against him. Rocking his fallen son’s body around, he feels every bit of control leaving his body.
They go sit a bit further away, looking over the group of people that are all sitting together, happily talking. It fills Peter with warmth, to see that such a small act of kindness can lift up their spirits like this. It’s incredible, really.
“What happened?” Steve asks. He hates the fact that he can always stay calm, even in situations like this. Sure, on the inside he’s panicking in every possible way. His outside just… can’t show that. And he knows, to Peter, it might come over like he’s not all that worried about it.
But now, sitting here with his hands on his forehead and his teeth biting his lips, Peter realizes it quickly enough. He’s forgotten his medication for the past week, all because of his intensive hours at the internship.
“I guess not,” Tony mutters. Then, with a loud sigh, he, too, looks Peter right in the eyes. That’s when Peter realizes how awful Tony must be feeling right now. He can read it in Tony’s gaze, seeing that wetness, the tears that are threatening to emerge. “I kicked Steve out.”
“Which planet is this?” Yaël asked as she looked through the window. It surely was a planet filled with trees.
“The suit’s here,” Steve says, walking back to them and leaning forward a bit. Peter nods and lets go of Mr. Stark’s hand, allowing the Super Soldier to pick the man up and carry him back to where Mark 51 is waiting, open. After some difficulty, Steve manages to put Mr. Stark inside. Then he looks back at Peter.
“Dad,” there barely came sound from Yaël’s mouth, but her father heard her.
“I should go for Stark Industries, you think?” Okay, now he knows he’s just postponing coming to a final decision. To be fair, maybe his choice has been made a few days ago already, but he probably just wants to convince himself that the ultimate answer is a hard one to find.
“Peter, me not flirting is like you suddenly not caring about science anymore!”
Yaël’s ears were buzzing in the same rhythm as her way too fast heartbeat.
Then he pulls Steve back up again and kisses his cheek gently. After that, he turns to Peter.
Steve sighs softly, but shrugs and sits down while taking the first page between his fingers. Thor, while continuing his pacing, starts reciting the text word per word, not missing even a little bit of it. He doesn’t stumble, doesn’t stutter, doesn’t lose his flow. Steve has to admit that he’s really impressed.
“Your peeps found anything yet?” he asks when he’s fully aware of the man standing next to him. Fury just breathes without saying anything, his hands behind his back and his eyepatch back in place. A couple of the New SHIELD-agents are filling up the place with their machines.
“I guess you’re kind of right,” he agrees. “But you’re also kind of an ass for bringing it up, though.”
So of course the little Spider-man tune comes out of his inside pocket the moment he slams his foot in another guy’s face. He thinks he hears said man’s nose crack, but he’s not really sure. The phone continues its happy tune while Peter drops down on the ground, a surprised grunt escaping his lips. Instinctively he reaches for the phone, remembering once more he changed the outer pocket with an inside one because he kept on losing his phone and Aunt May started to swing a wooden spoon his way – not that she would actually hit him or anything, but it’s really her only way of trying to be strict with him.
“You mean the raisin-looking guy who keeps on staring at you every Friday?” Laya asks. Peter growns in frustration, hating the pattern here. But at least now he can anticipate that he’ll have to endure the guy weekly. “But who is that girl with him? She looks kind of nice?”
“You ready, FRIDAY?”
Peter showing up at their doorstep will just ruin all that progress. No, just
, that was the me from this universe, I came-“
FRIDAY asks. Tony sighs, holding up his hand and making a gesture for her to hurry up.
“Just need to see what triggered the message now,” he answers. “Call Happy for me, will you? If Steve can have his mission, I can have one of my own.”
“I’m mostly curious to see how you’ll drink it,” she jokes. Peter rolls his eyes, though she can’t exactly see that.
“Now, what’s wrong sweetcheeks? I thought we were having fun?”
“So let me get this straight,” Tony starts, holding up a hand. “How much money are we talking about?”
“Ah, you know, stuff like diarrhea for one were the worst cases, I think. Other than that, it was just the near-constant crying of children, the wine automatically becoming sour, people waking up as a different gender, people getting drunk on only water. You can imagine Hilde in that last situation.”
There’s nothing much on, really. The news doesn’t have much to announce, and the weather forecast can only say that they can expect snow tomorrow. After coming to a full loop of changing the channels, they just turn off the TV and take out their cellphones.
“Is Steve here, too?” he tries to change the subject. One of the women starts powdering Peter’s face, causing for him to sneeze.
Yes, Steve is going to have a reaction to that.
“Dad, what are the ‘accords’?” Peter asks, shouting it into the hallway. He knows Tony is still in his room, preparing a suitcase that he would bring along. That means that he won’t be back soon.
And they spoke their minds, and nobody listened.
“Please, tell me! I’m probably one of his biggest fans,” Ned says. Peter decides to just indulge him.
“Aww, Miek, you’re alive!” Korg said happily. “He’s alive, guys! What was your question again?” A relieved sigh went over the whole room. Thor, obviously trying to ignore what weird shit just had happened, made a decision.
Peter suddenly wonders if Mr. Stark even follows his own advice. Another sigh escapes his mouth, and their eyes meet. For a few short seconds, all Peter can see is what he sees in the mirror; that same dark shade of brown. There’s no speck of other color in it, just that one chocolate-darkness – that’s how Gwen liked to describe it.
His phone vibrates in his pocket. He sighs, fishing it out and giving his screen a look. When he sees it’s Johnny inviting him along for another party, Peter rolls his eyes and doesn’t answer. He leaves the phone on his bed while he gets up. His ribs still hurt, otherwise he would have been doing some exercises to keep himself busy. He wonders if he could swing out of the tower and head back to the apartment. It’s at least better than to stay here and listening to the couple of the year arguing their ears off.
They’ve certainly expanded since the battle; while Steve moved out and Bruce never really lived in the compound in the first place, now Scott and Hope have their own room in here. They don’t actually
The first thing she did as she woke up was weeks of mental and physical exercises. They had put her in a very lonely department, god knows if she even had been in a hospital or not, she surely didn’t know. The only thing she saw there were white walls, doctors and professors. There were no other patients, no one. After that, X and Fury straightly put her in the apartment and left her here, kind of.
"You okay?" Yaël asked. The man threw her a little, polite smile.
If the people had been shouting earlier, now they’re all just breaking each other’s ears and their own throats. Despite that, despite the fact that LL and Chrissy try to keep the program going, Tony refuses to let go of Steve.
“I dunno, Vision. What does that have to do with me?” Yaël decided to play it cool.
“But I suspect there’s somebody at the door who is willing to help you out.”
“What’ going on?” Wanda asks curiously. Sam’s door opens as well now, and so does Clint’s. Why is everybody such a light sleeper?
he returns without opening his mouth.
“Peter?!” What the hell was going on? Why was Parker lying next to her? When did she lay herself down? She turned to look back at Loki, but she only saw the wall of her bedroom. It started to kick in. She went to the party last night… and… she looked back at Peter. This couldn’t be happening right now. Yaël just found out she had been in some sort of relationship, or was she still in it? Were they still ‘together’ or something?
Adding the last part necessary to put the ship back together, he finally turns to Peter. The people are safe, but he doesn’t want to have this conversation here.
“Loki,” Steve greets in return. It’s taken a while for him to understand that Loki’s actually on their side now after the war. But, he figures, if the others could give Bucky a chance, he could try and make an effort for Thor’s brother.
The guilt goes on like that, and Peter has to lower the journal and take a deep breath. So, his mother slept with the guy he’s just had pleasant conversation with? That’s just… wrong. Did Mr. Stark even know about his father? Was he aware that Mary had been in a relationship?
Nope…
Gwen’s memory asks. Peter snorts.
“In his childhood, for years, Tony Stark has been taught about the legendary Captain America. The man had become his idol when he was little, and he aspired to be like him. And do you know what his father told him when he hit puberty?”
“Yeah, yeah, Mr. Philosopher,” Peter mutters out. “Let’s just get the two separated without getting anybody killed.”
A promise that he’ll take better care of himself whenever he’s feeling down again.
“How’s he doing?” Natasha asks. Tony turns his head to the side a little bit, seeing her familiar curls standing next to him. She looks extremely unbruised, and her hair seems perfectly neat as always. Tony feels a shiver going through him upon seeing her.
“Uh, Loki kind of demanded it,” the Valkery shrugged.
“It’s a nice room,” he says. “But are you sure you’ll be fine?”
“Okay, yeah, uh, whatever,” he mutters out. Then he stuffs his mouth full of food and tries to divert his eyes from his family around him. A day of not being embarrassed around them would be great, thank you.
“Big monster!” Hulk countered, sounding pretty much like a disappointed child who can’t go into his favorite attraction.
“They’re not cursing more than I am, love,” Tony responds without looking away from the screen.
“Oh, alright,” Ned says, obviously disappointed.
“Well, you got me there!” he threw his hands in the air like he surrendered. “One problem, though…” he suddenly sounded dead-serious.
“What did he break and how much is it worth?” Tony then asks. He wonder show much money he’s already lost ever since Peter came into his life. The kid breaks things faster than anybody possibly could. If it’s not the gigantic amount of backpacks Tony needs to buy again and again, it’s the constant repairs he needs on his suit after messing something up again, or the fact that he’s lost his phone again, or his computer.
Peter waits until his hair is grown back to a size long enough to hide away the scars on his head. The first person he tells is May.
A long silence comes then. While Vision is keeping on eating his plate empty, Tony pokes back into his food while staring ahead, thinking it over. For a moment, Peter’s just going to tell him to forget about it. It’s not that important, after all.
The Avengers stay quiet while Ross starts talking about a heart-attack that he suffered five years ago.
Eventually, Tony looks up and puts a hand on Steve’s cheek. Without warning, he pulls him closer, softly grazing his lips on his. His chest warms up, his heart speeding up. Unknowingly, his hand glides behind Steve’s neck to pull him even closer.
That’s Clint. Peter would recognize his voice everywhere. The first person who spoke was May, who is probably holding his hand. The moment Peter’s vision clears, he looks down, seeing that he’s in fact right about that.
“No way!” she returns. Peter groans in frustration, his eyes meeting Harry’s, who just seems amused. It’s obvious that the guy knows exactly what kind of role Felicia has been playing in Peter’s life in the past few weeks.
Anyway, I wish you all happy holidays! If you're from around my time-zone, a good night! I'm about ready to head to bed and get all the sick out of me, because I'm tired of coughing my brains out!
“I can’t do that, Peter. Not twice in one day,” he disagrees. Peter nods in understanding.
“You ask me to forget the Queen and her mission and follow you blindly, but I’m no sheep and you’re no Sheppard,” Nilla hissed.
“Now, if you’re ever interested in getting some self-defense classes, you come to me, okay?” Natasha reminds him. Peter nods. “Of course, not immediately. First see that you get that wound in your back all healed up!”
Harry asks, sounding worried. Peter chuckles nervously, passing a hand through his hair.
“Yes, it was the logical thing to do,” he responds. Then he turns his head, and shares another deep look with Wanda, something they’ve been doing for a while now. It freaks Peter out a little bit; what is happening between these two?
No answer. A soft sigh in the background.
Okay… He made a hole in the wall… He can probably kiss that internship goodbye now.
“Sorry you had to hear all that, Peter,” Steve says, giving Peter a small smile. The teenager smiles in return and just shrugs, keeping his mouth shut as Mr. Stark rolls his chair forward to start marking things up again.
“Wade gave it to me.”
“Now where are your blueprints?” Peter mutters out loud, hoping that the question will cause for FRIDAY to help him out again. When there doesn’t come any answer, Peter just shrugs and starts going through different drawers to see if he finds anything.
And here they are now; feeling like they’re just worlds apart.
“I love you,” Peter hears Steve mutter against Tony’s mouth. When Peter turns around, he can catch tears on Steve’s cheeks. What happened in Steve’s universe? Peter asked before, and Steve didn’t want to answer. He had been the first one Strange managed to pull back, and according to Natasha he hasn’t spoken about it at all since he came back. “I love both of you.”
