Bringing himself back to the present, Lestrade, with the niceties attended to and sensing that his two hosts would rather be alone together−even if they weren't quite fully aware of it themselves yet−got down to business.
So this was the way of it, was it? In an instant, John’s world changed; his mind and body − his life itself− were no longer his own; irrevocably, henceforth they were this small omega’s to do with as he wished.  Protection, provision, pleasure; whatever this precious being required, John would fulfil.  And gladly.  The universe or perhaps the Gods themselves had brought new purpose to John’s life with the appearance of Sherlock.  For John, the realization was pure happiness.  He smiled into the darkness again and pulled Sherlock closer.
But John was already moving, not toward the car, but back toward Sherlock; his hand involuntary reaching to grasp Sherlock’s lax one.  Powerful emotions chased themselves across his face in rapid succession; angst, confusion, protectiveness… love.
"The Father and the curate are lovers. I do not know if they are both involved in the murders or just one of them. We'll need to flush out whichever one it is or both. I'm sure you can think of something. Let me know, will you?"
"Hi," John repeated, "I'm Dr. Watson." He thought it best to use an authority figure approach to build trust with the child. "What is your name?"
Sherlock felt relieved, John's sincerity was obvious. So he hugged and kissed John thoroughly, gave him a lascivious wink and reluctantly left.
John was quiet but he nodded. He then looked up at Sherlock as though about to say something but stopped, and reaching, touched his cheek lightly. "You're sad." He sounded puzzled, "Why are you crying, Sherlock?"
John ventured tentatively, "Then Sherlock, my boots have better grip  than your shoes, perhaps I should carry December…"
"But Sherlock, why risk delivering the letter with so many people around, why not just do it later?"
Sherlock looked pained. “It doesn't? But it feels like it, John; the heat and the pressure. I had to get up; I couldn't stay lying next to you, I was so uncomfortable.”
The next several days proceeded in a similar fashion to the first. John slept a great deal during the day as well as at night and showed no interest in descending the stairs. Sherlock heard his quiet movements between the loo and bedroom; the doctors had been confident that he could manage his own care during his recovery so Sherlock didn't interfere with his privacy in that regard. He checked on him regularly though, taking him cups of tea and water between meals. Other than politely thanking him, John said nothing.
Chest heaving and struggling to calm himself now that he knew there was no direct threat to Sherlock, John rasped out, “Don’t what? What Sherlock!?”
He stared, his expression twisted with conflicting emotions. Then he whispered, “I want you John. I need you. Please.”
John looked up at Sherlock; his eyes were afraid but his expression resigned. Then Sherlock's arms went around him and he was holding and patting John and murmuring tenderly, "It's alright now. I'm here. You saved my life, it's alright now. Don't be afraid, you won't be arrested, I'll fix this for you."
Here John gestured to Sherlock and the child. Unfortunately at that moment December was snuggling contentedly against Sherlock’s chest appearing not in the least traumatized. Nevertheless, John continued gamely.
The kitchen appeared cleaner than it had last night; in fact, the entire flat was looking very clean. And were their books, all four shelves, now organised in alphabetic order? Yes, they were. They hadn't been last night…
His intention stated, he turned Sherlock’s face to his with insistent fingers and sought his eyes.  “I want you as my mate.” And then, as it was a formal proposal, he bowed his head before Sherlock, as was proper under the circumstances, and recited the unity vow, “Ic gewedde þē, I pledge myself to you.” Then, overcome with emotion, he whispered, “Ic déore þē, myn déorling.” He looked down into Sherlock’s beautiful eyes and waited to let the seriousness of his proposal sink in.
It took a few seconds but… of course! He remembered his grandmother using a similar expression when he was a boy staying with her in her lake country home.
John nodded so Sherlock drew his T-shirt from the waist band of his pyjamas and eased it over John’s head. John was perfect. His shoulders were squared and his chest lightly muscled, filling out now after his illness and nicely balanced by a sturdy waist. And Sherlock smiled at the sprinkling of freckles across John’s torso, wanting to kiss each one.
Sherlock was listening intently, so John continued, “Your fingertips are so sensitive that you can measure another’s pulse without pressing their skin, you can pick-pocket anything from anyone in the blink of an eye and you can feel a musical note through the strings of a violin before even you hear it…”
John flinched at Sherlock’s accusations but stood still. He said as calmly as he could, “Sherlock, it’s true that I am an Alpha. And that I do want to be your Alpha. I do want you, very much; I cannot hide that from you. That is why you can sense it. But it does not mean I’m going to hurt you or force myself on you, or take advantage of you. I’m standing perfectly still. If you look you’ll see it’s just me. Just John.” He waited before coaxing again, “Look at me Sherlock.”
They were close to the cathedral's great west entrance when a dark shape detached itself from the wall and Lestrade joined them. Upon seeing John he aimed a frown of concern at Sherlock, who ignored it. Instead, Sherlock raised a questioning eyebrow at Lestrade and a silent conversation of hand gestures ensued.
John woke to find it was mid-morning. His first awareness was of Sherlock beside him, his head resting against John’s shoulder and his hand on John's arm as if reassuring himself of John’s presence. Even as John struggled to full wakefulness he knew that Sherlock’s heat was over. For a first heat it wasn’t unusual that it had been short, only about 12 hours. As the months went by, if Sherlock’s development followed the usual Omega pattern, his heats would gradually extend to as long as three days. But mercifully, this first one had been short.
To John's concern, the boy shrank back into the corner once more and whispered anxiously, "You won't tell Joe will you?"
Sherlock glanced at John and his tone softened. "It was the murderer who delivered the letter to St. Patrick. That much is true. John surprised him with his unexpectedly early visit that afternoon which led to the suspect making his first significant mistake and providing a very obvious clue to his identity, one that your less-than-stellar squad failed completely to pick up on, I add."
"Well, from the time I was young, very young, I dreamed about having a strong and loving mate and lots of children, you know, fairy tale stuff." He smiled. "I was different; maybe it was being a Gaia, I don't know, but I liked who I was, I wasn't resentful like some of the other omega, I was optimistic and excited for a future of marriage and a family." He looked away. "After I was married to Harvey, of course, I gave up those dreams. And I mourned their loss as much as anything else during those years."
Greg advanced in a friendly manner, but cautiously. Sherlock was right, the man looked frail and haunted and he had no wish to frighten him any more than he already was, although he obviously had an enthusiastic protector in Sherlock. Lestrade shot an assessing glance in Sherlock's direction.
John's playful tone died though, when, the T-shirt finally stripped away, he could see up close for the first time new marks on Sherlock’s arms and legs; red welts and bruises from the leather strapping with which he’d been restrained.  John’s eyes darkened and a growl rumbled in his throat. He examined the marks, thankful, but no less angry, when they proved to be superficial.  If Moran and the despicable Sergeant weren't already dead it would have been a pleasure to kill them both once more!
Sherlock still would not look at him but started to rise from the bath tub so John helped him out. He wrapped him in towels, forcing away thoughts of what Sherlock’s clean, warm skin might feel like under his own eager hands…what Sherlock would taste like on his tongue... Dear Lord, how he wanted to find out! He could smell and almost taste Sherlock's hot scent, he was so close. It would be so easy to close the small distance between them and have what was his. Sherlock would not protest if John were to bend him over his bed now and take him; in his present state he’d welcome John in. John wouldn’t be rough, of course, but he would make sure that no one, especially Sherlock, would ever be able to question who Sherlock belonged to. God, John was a fool to be so noble!
John stood observing him silently for several seconds before crossing the room and bending to his duffel.
John, trying to compose himself, studied his tea in silence for a long moment before asking, “Sherlock, are you are saying that if it is possible to do so, that you would like to change?”
He made his way to the kitchen where he boiled the kettle for a cup of tea. Glowing with happiness he carried his mug to the sofa where he opened a book and sat down to wait for Sherlock to return. He did not wait for long. It was not half an hour later that Sherlock strode into the flat looking, to John's surprise, relaxed and pleased with himself. He had a bag of take-away Chinese under his arm and upon seeing John smiling at him from the sofa; shucked off his coat, tossed it vaguely in the direction of its hook on the back of the door and made straight for John.
Sherlock, who had seen and heard a lot of ugly things during the course of his work, nevertheless felt his heart and stomach wrench at Harvey's brutal treatment of the fragile man in the bed.
When Sherlock did not obey him, John lowered his head to growl quietly against Sherlock’s ear and nip his neck lightly in disapproval.  The reprimand was effective.  Sherlock, surprised, quieted immediately in his arms.  His eyes flew open and for the first time since his abduction he looked up at John with full awareness.
Three o’clock in the morning found John waiting for Blackburn to exit the after-hours Chinese restaurant that the young scientist often frequented on his way home after late nights of work in his BC lab. As Blackburn emerged from the restaurant, before he had time to step out onto the pavement, still in the dark alcove of the entrance of the now closed business, John was pressing the muzzle of an automatic pistol against his neck, where it was hidden from view under his cashmere scarf, and forcing Blackburn into the front seat of a waiting vehicle – to all appearances just a friend helping a mate out with a ride home after perhaps one too many drinks.
The bright light shining in his face alerted Sherlock and he began to regain consciousness. His murmuring became audible for a moment before he stopped his recitation and his eyes flickered open. John smoothed the tangled curls back from his forehead with a shaking hand and smiled down at him, anticipating recognition in Sherlock’s expression and a happy relief to match his own.
John stepped over the body of the sergeant lying in its growing pool of blood and red splattered trousers.  Ignoring it, he looked around the room for doors and saw two. One, he discovered, led to a hallway and the other to a toilet.  He chose the latter, entering the room and scanning it; issuing a furious hiss when his gaze fell on loops of black strapping and hand cuffs dangling from a water pipe in the corner of the room.
Suddenly, the soft silence was abruptly broken by Sherlock.  His voice was harsh in the stillness of the room, “Four pounds. One ounce.” His words were bitten off and ragged with the effort of forcing back emotion.
A short time later, Robert Trenholm was seated in Mycroft’s office alongside Neilson.  He was saying, his expression grim, “I can assure you, Sir, that I’m doing everything possible to locate and bring in our rogue agent. Along with er… your brother?” Here his voice rose in cautious question.
He then rounded on Sherlock with blazing eyes and a harsh voice, “That was the God-damned stupidest thing you could have done! What the hell were you thinking? I told you not to do anything!”
Sherlock was surprised at John's vehement reaction. He said slowly, "I know that now, John. Over the past few days…since you have been here…I have discovered for myself that it isn't true. I was wrong to believe what other people said about me. I formed the opinion based on insufficient evidence, it would seem."
“Bubbles, John?” questioned Sherlock, eyeing a mountain of white froth billowing up over the bath water, obscuring it completely.
But as he looked down at John, naked and vulnerable beneath him, perhaps it was the recent surgical scar on John’s belly or the shocking sight of other older scars, small but noticeable on his otherwise smooth skin… Sherlock wasn’t sure which, but sanity returned with a blow and he pulled off of John, alarmed by his own aggression. He drew John close and whispered apologies and reassurance to him, wanting only to offer comfort and love. This was before he realized that John was still straining hard against him and begging, “Sherlock, no, I wanted you! Please don’t go, Sherlock!”
John gave himself a mental shake. Clearly he'd been on the wrong track all together with this erection business... He rapidly collected his wits; it seemed that Sherlock had woken up to discover himself aroused and hard and...he was asking John to do something about it.
Tears formed in John's eyes when he thought of the sacrifice and the consideration his husband was showing him. Then he smiled. The solution was so very easy.
An achingly poignant silence followed until it was broken by Mycroft's cool voice. “Quite right.  In any case Sherlock, I’ve accepted a job on your behalf; MI6 needs you in Eastern Europe...” Seeing John’s horrified expression, Mycroft paused to remark with some condescension, “It’s perfectly safe, I’m told.”
“Yése, the Dúnælf came to our assistance.  They were too late to fight beside us but they took those who survived to the mountains. But they did not know that I too lived and after they entered the caves they closed the way behind them.  N’ iċ befylge. I could not follow.”  Sherlock’s shoulders shook and his voice dissolved into tears.
In the rear seat of Lestrade's vehicle with December, tired once more, resting between him and John, Sherlock pulled out his mobile and began to text rapidly. Continuing to text with one hand, he reached into his pocket again, pulled out John's phone and handed it to him.
The morphine took effect on Sherlock almost immediately. John was able to immobilize his swollen ankle and clean the cut above his eye without causing him pain, bandaging both thoroughly.  By the time he had finished Sherlock’s eyes had closed and his slender body was lax.  John smiled down at him and drew the too-large T-shirt up over one of his pale shoulders. He pulled the sides of the sleeping bag close around him. Sleep would be the best remedy for him now.
Sherlock nodded and watched John as he crossed the driveway beside the cottage and crouched behind Mike’s parked car. John had the front and rear plates off in seconds and disappeared with them into the garage. Minutes later he was pulling their car to a halt in front of the cottage where Sherlock met him obediently. John locked the door and returned the key to its hiding place under the geranium and ushered Sherlock to the car.
Sherlock may actually have heard John's silent order for once because after several seconds of what appeared to be deep thought, during which time he bent his free arm to study his cuticles in apparent absorption, he fixed a cold stare somewhere in the middle-distance over Doris's left shoulder and said in a deceptively expressionless tone, "No. I won’t."
Sherlock would not face him; he turned his head only half-way back toward John and said roughly, “I’m sorry John. I…I don’t know why I feel…I mean…why I said what I did.” He sounded stricken. “I won’t ever do it again, of course. I understand that you may date whoever you choose to, I mean, I know it’s none of my business, none at all. I hope that you will forgive me, John. Please don’t be angry with me.” He then pulled his head back in the window and not looking at John, strode to the door, grabbed his coat and left the flat without looking back.
So Sherlock continued, although noticeably reluctantly now, "The only reasonable conclusion one can draw from this is that either one of the ambulance crew, Timothy the curate or Father Stansell himself brought the letter. I immediately ruled out the ECAs and the paramedics; the random nature of emergency call-outs makes the possibility that one of them is the murderer extremely low."
The youth did not respond initially, afraid to do as John asked, but obeyed finally; opening his eyes and raising them to look into John's.
After a minute of slow breathing, Sherlock drew a shuddering sigh and said, “Iċ i geáreorden.  I would go around the mountain and join them on the other side.”
John nodded but his gaze fell to the floor again and he seemed to shrink as he spoke, his words halting. “Harvey…well…it probably won’t surprise you…” He stopped again.
Finally, John broke the uneasy silence. “We’ll keep to the lane-ways. It’s certain we’ll be looked for on the motorway. They know we aren't headed to Welford now, so they will have put some resources on the lesser traveled routes too, but they won’t expect me to be taking you back to London. That would be suicide.” His lips twisted into a humourless smile. Eyes focused on the road, he didn’t see Sherlock’s sharp look of distress at this statement.
John observed the youth closely; already his skin was smoother and lighter than it had been earlier.  In the restorative water it taken on a faintly opalescent sheen, reminiscent of fish scales − a suggestion only − to an unwitting observer the slight shimmer could easily have been taken for a trick of the light.  John noticed it, of course. He had never met a Simarine but was familiar with their biological profile.  Now, as he looked down at the exquisite creature emerging from the murky bath water, he thought with awe that no text book description or image could have communicated the extraordinary beauty of the youth in whose presence he now found himself.
Standing before the grave of his tiny lost son, John squeezed Sherlock’s hand in gratitude and accepted a kiss in response.  He then bent forward to place a white rose onto the black earth before they turned away together.  As they did so, neither felt the necessity for goodbyes for they both knew there would be a lifetime of return visits to this peaceful, lovely place.
If John was to be in time, he had to learn where the attack would take place, he couldn’t simply follow the group any longer; he had to go straight to where it would happen. He scanned for likely locations; narrow allies, hidden doorways, but no…it would have to be somewhere where they wouldn’t be heard; flats had windows open in this heat, so it would have to be somewhere else…where would four Alphas drag an Omega for uninterrupted sport?
“We can’t stay here, my love. I know you’re tired but we must get to somewhere safe as quickly as possible. It’s still very dangerous for you, Sherlock. Will you come with me?”
John watched the slow rise and fall of Sherlock’s chest for a few moments, allowing himself to enjoy the sweet relief that welled up in him at the picture of Sherlock, safe and relaxed after yesterday’s nightmare ordeal.
"Your friend? A medical examiner? Geoffrey's body is at St. Bart's? And I can have him back when the autopsy is done?"
Graves raised an eyebrow but didn't comment. “Good," he said. “Here is James Blackburn's file. You have forty-eight hours to apprehend and transfer him to our client. Get in touch with me when you have him and I'll provide you with the coordinates.” Graves added, “You will have to move fast to get to him before QAT does. Our firm can’t bill if the package is delivered in small pieces.”
The doctor then turned to Sherlock and said, "Alpha, your mate needs you to calm down. Can I rely on you to do that?" He spoke firmly but not unsympathetically.
A faint blush appeared on the youth’s cheeks but this time he held John’s gaze.  John gazed back in fascination until suddenly he became aware the youth was shivering and said hastily, “I’m sorry, leifling, you are cold!  Let’s finish your bath and then, if you will allow me, I will bind your ankle for you.”
The effect of John’s reaction on Sherlock was like that of a tranquilizer; he stopped weeping and stilled, breathing shallowly, distracted. He was unaware in his distraught state that he was submitting to a dominant alpha’s commands but John noted it and marveled at the powerful forces entwining them both.
Sherlock saw John’s eyes open and withdrew his hand sharply, his facial expression full of anxious regret, “þu you geárest, Ælfric! I did not mean to wake you!”
“Sorry, it was all I could find for soap, Sherlock,” John lied – he had been desperate for anything to cover up Sherlock in the tub − “Molly enjoys a bubble bath, apparently.”
The expression of fascination was returning to Sherlock’s face, “You are large and strong Ælfric, and yet soft in your ways.”
He was still sitting in the chair hours later when Blackburn woke again. John didn’t move as he watched Blackburn open his eyes and turn his head to look for John.  Their eyes met and held. Neither of them blinked.
“Yes, good Sherlock.” John soothed, “Listen to your instinct, trust it, Sherlock, your body knows what it needs and wants, stay with it, Sherlock.” Then, unable to stop himself, he so desperately wanted to comfort him; John made a slight gesture toward Sherlock, as if to approach him.
John, tired but seemingly not unhappy, retired to his room after lunch and went to sleep. He didn't appear for dinner and was still asleep when Sherlock checked in on him in the evening.
It was over 24 hours after the events of the previous evening when the doctor informed Sherlock that he could visit John. John was recovering physically, he said, although regaining his full strength would take some months. He had had emergency blood filtering and skin grafting procedures to remove all traces of Harvey from his system, for if anything of his previous bond partner remained it would only poison him. The bond was now cleanly severed but at great cost to John's body, already traumatized by the loss of the baby. This was to say nothing of his mental state, which the doctor did not address.
Sherlock fought hard, even half-conscious, but he was not able to escape the fingers in his hair or the knee pressed to the back of his neck. His captor laughed and crooned in his ear, “Listen Omega, I told you, you’ll just have to make do with us, ‘cause your ‘John’ isn’t here, is he?”
“No, it isn’t!  What you are feeling, your emotions, they are not real, Sherlock. It’s just the after-effects of the benzodiazepine.  It has to be.”
The expression on John's face was so endearing and earnest that Sherlock's heart melted despite his concern at John's odd behaviour.
“Sherlock, I’m not leaving−not unless you want me to.” He listened but Sherlock made no reply. So he said, “I’ve made tea. Can we have a truce? I’m worried about your head. May I please look at it?”
He spoke, "My marriage was arranged, Sherlock, by my father. He was in the army and Harvey was the son of his commanding officer. I would have liked to fall in love and choose my own husband but I had to accept my father's choice. Even so I was looking forward to having a mate and children..." his voice shook and Sherlock opened his mouth to speak, but John continued determinedly. "I wanted to be happy Sherlock; I wanted to love Harvey but…"
John must have drifted into an exhausted sleep at some point during the long night because his next awareness was of morning and something amiss… December! The boy, where was he!? And Sherlock?
By the time they were beside the bed, Sherlock was starting to look anxious once more, so John, standing before him, stroked up and down his arms to calm him and said, “So many clothes.  Can I undress you, Sherlock?”
Sherlock’s health was excellent, he had healed quickly and appeared to have adapted well to the physical changes in his body. In fact, as a now mature Omega, he was magnificent with his glossy curls, glowing skin and lithe body. Just looking at him made John start to shake with desire. John was so affected by his nearness that he had to be constantly vigilant to keep his distance for fear of saying or doing something that would ruin his efforts to respect Sherlock’s space. But given the obvious improvements in Sherlock’s wellbeing, John considered the effort worthwhile.
The same could not be said for Sherlock. Clearly he had moved on from his surprise and confusion. Dirty and soaked to the skin he was wearing his hardest expression.
This time Sherlock obeyed the command; giving the gun a slight push with his foot to where Lestrade could reach it with his good arm. Lestrade grasped it firmly and replaced it in his holster.
Here John hesitated in his examination. Below the kick mark, he could see Sherlock growing erect rapidly and obviously becoming aroused; he arched his back and twisted his body restlessly, murmuring “John…” in a tone that, had John not already been on his knees, would most certainly have put him there.
“Perhaps not, but you are young nonetheless, myn déorling.”  John smiled down at Sherlock’s serious expression. He touched a light finger against the side of Sherlock’s perfect, straight nose in an effort to lighten the mood. “Now, let us both try to sleep a little more. In the morning, I will tell you of my plans for you." He grinned, “And you will tell me if they suit you. Alright?”
It wasn't long before Lestrade, for once without his usual entourage of officers and squad cars, pulled up in an unmarked vehicle not far from the café’s entrance. John paid the bill while Sherlock wrapped December in his coat once more. They waited under the awning while Lestrade, accompanied by a harried looking woman who John guessed to be a social worker, approached them. John exchanged greetings with Greg and shook hands with his colleague.
John was feeling puzzled. "No. No, he isn't Sherlock. You met him; he is like that all the time. He…" He looked away uncomfortably. He had said too much.
He began to sob again and curled up into a ball in Sherlock's lap if to protect his belly. "I knew … that something bad had happened…" He was unable to continue.
John blotted Sherlock’s skin dry with a towel and fashioned, out of a small single sheet, an approximation of the robe Sherlock had been wearing when he was first captured and brought to John’s quarters.  He draped it Grecian style around Sherlock, marveling again at his youthful beauty as he did so.  Sherlock’s hair was forming a halo of loose curls around his head as it dried and his skin, hydrated once more, had regained its pearl-like sheen.  John found it impossible to resist touching him as he dressed him; Sherlock’s silken skin and soft locks were in such sharp contrast to John’s own weathered complexion and serviceable haircut.
"John. Wake up." Sherlock spoke quietly but his voice was deep and resonant enough that it penetrated John's consciousness and he turned to stare wildly at Sherlock in the doorway.
The party on the other end of the call was still speaking when Sherlock cut them off with a testy, “I’m hanging up now.” He huffed and dropped the phone distastefully onto the centre console. “He says he’ll be here shortly, John.”
"Greg, please. A pleasure to meet you. I'm an old friend of your bad-tempered body guard here." He lifted a thumb in Sherlock's direction.
John acted with explosive energy. He whirled to thrust open the door and stride down the hall; his heart was pounding and his expression a mask of furious intent. By the time he reached the camp’s central compound he had started to run, drawing his pistol as he went.
John swung around and left the washroom. Sherlock wasn’t far away; John was certain of it, his hiding place would be needed only for a short time, just long enough for him to pass beyond the reach of his tormentors before they found him.
For the first time in a very long time, John laughed; a real laugh, a soft, warm chuckle that vibrated through his chest and caused the man he was holding to sag in relief.
Once on the main road, despite the late hour, Sherlock was able to hail a cab to carry them the remaining distance to the cathedral. In the back seat of the cab, they didn't speak. Twice, Sherlock cast a quick look at John but John looked ahead or out the window, his expression unreadable.
He was reaching out with a soothing hand to a matted tangle of dark curls when a second soldier lurched through his tent door. At a glance John could see the Alpha was grossly sexually aroused, drunk with it, eyelids half lowered over unfocused eyes, his mouth slack and his hands restlessly grasping at his crotch.
Sherlock thought that he must be mad! What on earth was he going to do with an injured and grieving Omega in his flat? Not that biology mattered to him. He was an Alpha, but he'd long since rejected the domestic side of life, devoting himself to his work which he found easy to do with the modern drugs available to control biology-specific behaviours. Still, if he thought about it, the idea was madness. However, he very much wanted to learn what John had witnessed related to the crimes he was investigating and this would provide the best opportunity he'd have to do so.
They turned the water off and stepped out of the shower.  Sherlock reached for the towels he’d brought and dried John.  He then placed the luxurious new robe around his shoulders and said shyly, “For you, John.”
John, his anxiety over Sherlock’s wellbeing fading at finding him unharmed, suddenly became overwhelmingly aware of Sherlock shirtless in the steam filled room. He stared. Sherlock’s broad shoulders and lean waist, hinted at under his clothing, were spectacularly confirmed when without a shirt.  His chest, abdomen and shoulders were strongly muscled. John’s eyes, of their own volition, followed the long lines and firm curves over bone… pectoralis major, serratus anterior, deltoid, external oblique... and on Sherlock’s skin − glorious surprise – there were scars; some faint, some bright, patterning Sherlock’s torso like a topographical map of miracles − healed skin drawn over rosy flesh.
He was thoughtful for a moment before smiling benevolently at John, “However, clearly you don’t have the same level of insight into our relationship that I have. I'm obviously rushing you. I can see that you need more time to adjust. We can wait for as long as you want. I’ll wait for you for as long as I need to, John.” Sherlock settled back on the sofa contentedly. “But I liked you tackling me. Can you do it again? And then kiss me. Is that too much or would that be alright, John?”
"Listen to me carefully, John." Sherlock purposefully sought John's eyes for confirmation. "First, it is not kindness, nor is it pity that I feel toward you and I certainly do not feel the least bit noble right now. Second, you are not leaving Baker Street. You are not going anywhere. You can move out of your room if you want to, but to nowhere other than my bed and third, you will need to start getting used to the idea that I think of you in that way, John Watson." And with that, apparently the time for listening was over because Sherlock's mouth came down on John's in a plundering kiss that drove thoughts of any sort from John's mind; but his body seemed to know what to do, even if he didn't, and he found himself melting into Sherlock with another blissful moan, wrapping his legs around Sherlock and clinging to him tightly.
Sherlock blinked and opened his mouth again.  No more sound came out, but his lips began to quiver. He dropped his eyes to stare at the floor in front of John’s feet.  As John watched in dismay, a single tear trailed down his cheek to his chin where it dripped onto his coat lapel.
Unexpectedly he smiled at John.  It was one of his heart stoppingly dazzling smiles; blindingly bright even in the weak, grey light of a foggy river dawn.
Ariane DeVere's work can be found here: http://arianedevere.livejournal.com/36505.html  Do check out her transcripts and comments; they are wonderful reading.
He ran questioning fingers over the bonds and found them curiously wet.  The floor was damp too.  And why would that be, he wondered? He examined the pipe where they were attached for leaks or condensation.  It was bone-dry with no signs of rust or peeling paint.
“What the hell does that mean?!” demanded John in exasperation.   “You’re expendable?” At Sherlock’s nod of admission, John exclaimed in disbelief, “My God, you must have done something pretty big to piss-off the British government to that degree!”
Sherlock said in confusion, “I do know John.  But…I don’t understand why you won’t marry me because of it…”
“The most dangerous man you’ll ever meet. I tried to tell you not to call him,” Sherlock muttered and glared down at concrete surface of the garage.
"It's a case of the dog that didn't bark. The letter was delivered to the church, that is certain; one of the ECAs who attended you picked it up from the floor of the foyer of the church and handed it to Father Stansell. But this is why your statement is so important. You said you saw nothing in the foyer when you arrived. You were even looking for paper, something to write on you said, so if the letter had been there, you would have seen it."
John had gone pale and silent. Perhaps he was surprised and no wonder, thought Sherlock, after the life he’s had up until now…
He said coldly, “Set your capture down and leave.  And take the other curs with you.  I like my privacy.”
"No. It's…it's alright. I want to hear, I want to know what you've learned, Sherlock because I have searched my memory over and over and I can't come up with anything. I wish I could…but I just didn't see anything."
Mycroft ignored it. He said, “I am aware of the risk my brother faces from QAT. What is his level of risk with this, ah…” he consulted his notes, “Captain John H. Watson?”
Blackburn should bloody well be frightened, thought John, angry once more. It was probably becoming apparent to Blackburn that he wasn’t being taken for a Sunday drive. Given his recent activities at BC he could likely guess what lay ahead. At this thought, to John’s consternation, an unexpected sense of unease about what he was doing arose. Dismayed, he repressed his doubt ruthlessly. Blackburn deserved everything he was in for. But still…there was sadness about Blackburn, a resignation, John could feel it. John tried once more to shake off his uneasy thoughts. What was happening to his objectivity?!
John gave an inward sigh of relief at Sherlock’s interested response. He closed his eyes and indulged himself.  “Yes. I’ve watched you when you are thinking, Sherlock; you close your eyes and bring your fingertips up to stroke your lips…almost like a kiss…and when you’re agitated, those fingers slide a cigarette between your lips so you can draw in the smoke and taste…and you close your eyes and sigh…and sometimes when you’re very upset you tangle your fingers in your hair and pull until the pain distracts you from your frustration…and when you’re not comforting yourself with your hands and your fingers, you protect them in leather gloves, so smooth they feel like a second skin or shelter them in the warmth of the pockets of your wool overcoat.”
"No, John." He spoke quietly, his heart twisting with equal amounts of frustration and pity. "Harvey has gone."
“Would you…” John wasn’t sure he should ask...he almost couldn’t, but Sherlock’s revelation had contained a plea for help and he wouldn’t turn away from him… “Would you like me to help you, Sherlock? Is that partly why you confided in me?”
Even she sounded doubtful about all this and by the time she trailed off, Lestrade, the loving father of four children, was well-and-truly starting to look like Sherlock, the panic included. John didn't feel much better.
An hour later, soothing violin music floating from the living room and the appetizing aromas of ginger and citrus wafting from the kitchen, John placed two plates of steaming lemon chicken with rice and gingered pea pods on the table. He cleared his throat awkwardly and as Sherlock turned from the window toward him, he indicated self-consciously that Sherlock should sit.
Sherlock knew he was a cold man, he'd been told it many times, but what he had experienced this evening was unsettling him. Of course he knew about domestic violence and abuse; he had seen the impact of it often in the course of his work. But this was the first time he had ever witnessed it and he was unused to the feeling of helplessness he'd felt in the face of such brutal cruelty being perpetrated against someone as vulnerable as John. He'd gambled on Harvey backing down when faced with a police officer, knowing that as himself there would have been little or nothing he could have done to help John.
John heaved an inward sigh, yes; his patient was definitely improving, if degrees of stubbornness were anything to go by…
"The last threatening letter, as you point out, was received by Father Stansell of St. Patrick on the day that John went to see the Father. Father Stansell, however, is not at risk of being murdered. After analysing all the evidence I've concluded with certainty that his letter is a classic 'red-herring'."
“Well, you can’t really control who you fall in love with, can you, Sherlock? And some people, for whatever reason, aren’t sexual, are they Sherlock?”
He assisted Sherlock to stand and guided him to the loo. Sherlock seemed steady enough to be left alone so John shut the door to give him some privacy. Sherlock emerged a short time later, looking pale and strained and he leaned heavily on John as he was assisted into bed.
“Um…I’m not hungry John. I…I…ate when I was out. I think I’ll just go to bed now.” He sounded strained. “But thank you. I… I’ll eat it for breakfast.” After that there was silence and John realized that Sherlock had gone straight to his bedroom. He was disappointed but relieved that at least Sherlock was home and safe. Thank God for that.
The breathing began to ease.  John heard a pleading whisper, “Iċ i firmette, Ælfwine, speak the singaþ for me…” The whisper then faded into silence and the breathing stopped.
John, his fingers entwined and pressed thoughtfully against his chin, elbows resting on the arms of his chair, spoke first. “So, you are a heroin user, then. An addict?”
“I’m sorry I wasn’t there to save you John. I would have killed him for you and set you free. I hope you know that.”
Sherlock pulled a blanket and pillow from the bed and made John as comfortable as possible. Mobile in one hand, he then started to clean John's face with a damp flannel in the other. By the time he had finished with the flannel Mrs. Hudson was arriving at the bedroom door with a solemn looking man who was accompanied by a very obvious body guard.
John smiled with pleasure and allowed his adoring husband to hand-feed him the wontons. One thing led to another and before long the wontons were being alternated with kisses and not long after that, they were set down on the coffee table and forgotten all together.
It was hard to dispute the logic of this statement, so John, although somewhat mystified, followed, this time keeping at a cautious distance behind Sherlock.
“Jesus, Sherlock!” John went rigid with shock, crossing his arms in front of his chest as if to stop himself from exploding.
Graves knew when he was on to something. “Yes. A brilliant young chemist gone wrong, very wrong; providing formulas for undetectable explosives to a terrorist organization kind-of-wrong.”
John stroked Sherlock’s now clean, soft curls back from his forehead and murmured, “I’m not sure I know what you mean…”
This action, along with his contented acceptance of John’s desire to be his alpha, triggered a new firestorm of physical sensations and emotions in John.  His body and heart got the better of him once more and despite his intention to be restrained, he lowered his head abruptly and gripping Sherlock’s jaw with a firm hand, settled his lips on Sherlock’s in a demanding open-mouthed kiss.  It was a kiss that, if he was to be honest with himself, he had desired from the moment Sherlock had opened his extraordinary eyes and gazed up at him in the dimness of his tent.
There was a tense silence for several long seconds more before Sherlock seemed finally to catch on to John’s plan. When he did, he lowered himself cautiously into a crouch in front of the boy, his coat draping both sides of his tall frame − just like the bat-cape noted John absently.
When he did, Sherlock’s voice was low and husky in his ear. “But John, I’ve already thought about all of those things. I do love you and trust you unreservedly, I thought you knew that.” He was staring at John, puzzled and added almost to himself. “I thought it was obvious, so obvious…and that you had recognized it as I did…”
John started in confusion.  He cleared his throat.  “Yes, of course, yes, sorry, ah…I think a bath, not a shower, might be best.” He cleared his throat again and moistened his lips with his tongue. “Why don’t you sit on the toilet and hold onto the basin.” He gestured vaguely, “Just in case you become dizzy again.”
Bloody hell! John cursed as he reclined the passenger seat and dragged a blanket from the back seat to pull over the now limp Blackburn. He’d been sloppy; it was his own damn fault that he now had the burden of an incapacitated captive. He’d let himself be distracted by….by…what? What was it about Blackburn that was making him so uneasy? John wasn’t certain−which annoyed him even more than he was already. Thrusting the questions from his mind he jammed the vehicle into gear and drove determinedly onward.
So still holding Sherlock’s hand he drew him down the hall and back into his bedroom.  Breakfast could wait.
In the car the social worker outlined December’s care plan. "There are no spaces for the boy right now," she said, in answer to John's inquiry, "but I assure you he will be fine at our office. It will be 48 hours at most, by that time we will have found temporary placement for him with one of our emergency caregivers. If no family is located and when a space is available, he can then go into temporary shelter care. After that we will get him into the foster care system, but of course that takes time."
“I’d like to give you something to stop the pain before I bind your ankle, would you let me, Ælfscíene?”
Moments passed, how many neither of the two was certain. It was only when Sherlock gave a faint moan, a plea for air as it turned out, that John came to his senses. “Oh God, Sherlock I’m sorr…!” But he was unable to finish. His apology was cut off abruptly by Sherlock, who, his breath back, ignored the attempted apology and pulled John’s mouth back down firmly onto his once more.
At this Sherlock’s expression shuttered closed.  He drew himself up with an indrawn breath before looking away and agreeing quietly, “Yes, of course.  I’m sure you’re right, John.”
Both Lestrade and his attacker dived to retrieve the gun. The two landed on it at the same time and in the ensuing struggle, the gun discharged with an echoing crack and Lestrade gave a sickening gasp as he was struck in the arm by the bullet. He fought on though, continuing to try to subdue the suspect.
This statement was glaringly false but Sherlock and John had both learned the futility of trying to dispute it.
"John, I'm so sorry. But please John, tell me you know that what happened was not your fault, please!"
When he could eat no more, Sherlock arose, feeling slightly groggy from so much food and, after assisting a contentedly humming John with the breakfast dishes, retreated to their room to dress for the day.
Sherlock’s tears soaked through John’s T-shirt as he cried inconsolably.  Not wanting to take his arms from Sherlock or disturb him by rising, John reached to pull open a drawer of the night stand.  He looked down hopefully for something to mop tears with but froze at what he saw instead:  studded, black leather straps appointed with dull silver buckles, worn from use, lay in a tangle alongside several pairs of handcuffs, some of which were very small, and a pile of folded, heavy, black fabric − almost certainly hoods.
Sherlock was straining and pushing his hips up off the bed now, frantically rubbing himself and whimpering in need. “John!” he begged.
“What the…?!” He pulled his pistol from its holster and aimed it at the door and lunged for the rifle at the same time.  Sherlock’s reaction was no less violent; he gave a squeak of terror and curled himself into a ball on the bed behind John.
As they stepped out of the vehicle, the rain began to pound down in earnest. Looking for Sherlock and December, John spotted them across the street apparently deep in conversation about something (the optimal placement of sewer drainage emergency discharge overflows to reduce the risk of urban flooding, Sherlock had informed him later). As Sherlock looked across at them and John read the expression on his face, he quailed inwardly. Dear God he thought watching Sherlock approach, this may not go well…
John, enchanted by this, raised his fingers to the youth's face again; wiping away dirt as though from a damaged but infinitely precious painting. He hardly noticed that his motions had become as much caresses as simple washing; awed and reverent as much as healing.
John was a dead weight in Sherlock's arms, unconscious and barely breathing: the trauma of losing his pregnancy and the abandonment by his bonded partner were sending him into shock. He was even whiter than before with the ugly exception of the bond mark on his neck, highly visible where his head lolled against Sherlock's chest and now burning into a dark red, the colour of dried blood. As Sherlock watched in disbelief, it rapidly turned to black and began rising like a blister. He had never seen anything like it; without a doubt John was going to die if he didn't receive immediate medical intervention.
John’s smile widened, “…and I am called John Watson, but, leifling, I must say I liked it when you called me Ælfric…”
They made their uneven way down an empty staircase and to the back fire exit door. There, with Sherlock hidden in the shadows of the hallway, John scanned the pub’s back garden to ensure that no one was about to witness them leaving.
“Not quite yourself, are you?” asked John, softly. “I know I’m a nuisance, but I need to keep checking you over the next few hours, you know, for concussion symptoms. And you can’t sleep too deeply tonight; I’ll need to wake you up often, alright?”
Neilson shifted uncomfortably.  He was sick to death of the God-damned Holmes brothers.  The sooner he was back state-side the better.
Good Lord, thought John as he gathered the tea tray to carry it to the couch.  If the man was this stubborn in his present condition, it didn’t bear thinking about what he might be like in full health!
"No, I won't," John promised firmly. He added silently, but if Joe is your caregiver, I will be telling him a great many other things while he contemplates the barrel of my service pistol between his eyes!
At Sherlock's pained expression he said, "I'm sorry Sherlock, but sometimes I'm still insecure. I should know better by now; you treat me with so much love, like I'm the most important person in the world. And I'm getting better, I am, but sometimes I still doubt myself."
Sherlock’s smile turned to one of delight. “Yes!”  He looked carefully at John, whose eyes were beginning to close.  He whispered, “Before you go to sleep, John, I want to tell you, I've done all the calculations using the available data and I estimate that I’ll be at my most fertile in fourteen days, three hours and 37 minutes.”
As much as he would have enjoyed a game of cat and mouse with Moran, there was no doubt in John’s mind who would win it, the risk was too great to Sherlock.  The threat of Moran needed to be eliminated.  And quickly.   So, John pulled his torch from his belt and tossed it into the dark interior of the bunker, not far away, Moran knew they were near and wouldn’t be fooled if it landed any more than a few feet from them.
When at last they emerged from the tow path it was onto a shabby street lined with blocks of flats and the occasional small shop. A fine drizzle had begun, apparently determined to outdo the fog with its penetrating chill. To John’s immense relief, there were signs of life on the street, one of which was a garishly flashing sign, not far away, proclaiming the café over which it hung to be open.
It was John’s turn to look pained. “Sherlock, I’m so sorry, I won’t sleep next to you again. I don't want to make you uncomfortable!”
The creature under the bed was quiet again apart from its increasingly laboured breathing, possibly considering the truthfulness of John’s assertion.
Then Sherlock's knees buckled. John was pressing eager kisses onto his face and mouth, seemingly unaware of what he was offering; his kisses unconscious, fresh, innocent even and they set Sherlock alight like dry tinder. And dear God, this was alarming: Sherlock was taking enough Alpha suppressants to take down an elephant and yet John's kisses were setting his blood on fire…he panicked.
As focused as he was on providing medical care and despite his years of professional practice as a physician, John was disconcerted to find that he was not immune to the youth’s innocent beauty or his potent scent, even stronger now that the dusty robe had been removed. Before he could suppress it, rich alpha desire flared and he felt his body respond to the beautiful creature in his arms. He drew a breath and damped it down, reprimanding himself sternly as he lifted his unconscious patient over the side of the tub. He lowered the youth into the water, submersing him up to his chin while supporting his head with an arm behind his neck.
In the late afternoon Sherlock was finalizing some experiment notes when John appeared in the living room doorway. He hesitated uncomfortably and seemed to be trying to say something so Sherlock smiled encouragingly and waited.
John, trained in night maneuvers, spotted Sherlock in the dark immediately. He was lying on the floor, doubled up in pain and squeezing his knees to his abdomen with both arms. Even as John approached him, another spasm of pain took him and he gasped and rocked desperately. He then arched his neck involuntarily, trying to vomit, with nothing but a small amount of fluid emerging from his mouth.
It was none of his business, of course, and he was treading on thin ice, but John had not liked the smug, oily tones of the investment banker or the sad expression that had fleetingly crossed Sherlock’s face when Sebastian had ridiculed him about his reputation at uni. It was obvious to John that despite Sherlock’s claim that he didn’t care what others thought of him, he did care what Sebastian thought, or at least, he had cared at some point in the past. John had tried to ignore the interaction between the two but it seemed he couldn’t. He felt tense and restless, unable to let it go.
Sherlock knocked quietly on John's door and when he received no response, he gingerly opened it a crack. John had been asleep but he woke, stirring drowsily and opening his eyes to look at Sherlock in the doorway…and then he smiled. Sherlock, about to close the door with a hasty apology to John for waking him, stopped still and found himself staring back at John, transfixed. No one had ever looked at Sherlock the way John was now, with that particular expression in their eyes, and Sherlock found himself immobilized by it, not even able to breathe.
"Let me go to him!" rasped Sherlock, finding it difficult to speak with the ham-like fist pinning him to the wall by the throat.
“C’mon sweetheart, let’s get you upstairs where I can check your injuries and patch you up if you need it, alright?”
John was unable to sleep well at the best of times, and that night, with the added factor of the summer heat, he remained awake. He listened to the sounds of the city; the unceasing murmur of traffic, an occasional shout from a late night pub-goer, even the faint grumbling of pigeons as they jockeyed for position under the eaves of neighbouring buildings, all familiar sounds and all soothing. He’d always loved London.
John drew back the folds of the sleeping bag. Sherlock’s luminous eyes opened when he felt John’s light touch on his cheek.  He stared up unblinkingly at John, who held his gaze and promised softly, “I will be back, and when I am we’ll talk, alright? All of this will be over soon.  No more fear and no more pain for you.  Do you trust me?”
John continued gently, “The man I love is sometimes overwhelmed by all that he senses; he needs the cool, silent, dimness of his bedroom and to be free from the restriction of any clothing at all.  On those days he wears nothing or just a bed sheet, not because he’s too lazy to dress but because cotton percale is the only thing he can bear to have touching his skin.”
Despite their dangerous situation, John, listening to this conversation, found it impossible to hold back a grin.
“That’s right, myn lykyng. In fact, I find that danger prefers to avoid me.”  John had removed his side-arm and stripped off his T-shirt to avoid getting them wet and was lifting Sherlock from the tub and wrapping him in a towel when he murmured this toward his ear. He was rewarded with a small smile and a damp, soft cheek pressed against his chest.
“You don’t have to go back Sherlock; you just need to make it safe for him to come out now.  He’s still afraid. He doesn’t want to feel that much pain or shame ever again, but I believe he will come out when he knows it’s safe.”
“Geoffrey makes me think of the Greek God Hermes, the one with winged feet.” Sherlock wasn’t actually aware he’d said this out loud.  But apparently he had, for John looked up from folding baby clothes, curious.
At Sherlock’s silent nod, John, satisfied, said, “Good. Then let’s get you dressed, shall we?” He stood up, his hair glistening with water and his T-shirt plastered to his solid chest.  His heavy boots made wet, squelching sounds and water streamed onto the tile floor as he stepped across the room to lock the outer door. Turning to his locker, with his free arm he pulled T-shirts, trousers and pants out and dropped them onto the bench beside the towels.
Sherlock nodded his head, “I couldn’t ever get out to the habit of staying awake, John.  Sleeping has never felt safe, I always wake up afraid.  But it was nice this morning, I must have known, even in my sleep that you were there with me because I was happy when I woke up. I didn’t know what to do about the erection, but it felt so good to have you beside me; so safe!”
Sherlock blushed awkwardly and looked away before turning back to meet John’s eyes. “You are teasing me, aren’t you John?” he asked cautiously.
There was a long silence between them before John finally spoke. “I thought I was the only insecure one here…” He looked at Sherlock with a faint smile on his face.
John did what he could to ease Sherlock’s discomfort. He rocked him, applied as much pressure as he could against his entrance, holding his buttocks tightly, and murmured comfort and reassurance into his ear, all the while praying he’d fall asleep quickly, exhausted as he must be from his grueling day. And sure enough, it wasn’t long before his breathing evened out and he went limp in John’s arms. John eased his lax body under the sheets and settled beside him to keep watch until he too fell asleep, sometime near morning.
“I don’t know nothin’! I swear it, Sir!” The burly sergeant’s voice altered in fear and took on a high-pitched whine.
Sherlock caught John looking at him uncertainly several times over the next few days, which encouraged him greatly. He decided to pursue his experiment further on an unsuspecting John. With careful timing, he emerged from the bathroom one morning, a towel draped precariously low on his hips, beads of water trailing down his strongly muscled chest, to ask John with innocent confusion if he would please lend him his shave balm, as he couldn’t, for the life of him, find where he had put his own.
The tall Alpha holding Sherlock down struck a blow to the side of Sherlock’s head, hard enough to subdue him but not knock him out and said, “Now, don’t be like that, Omega. Ed just wants to introduce himself to you. He wants you to get to know him a little better, he’s friendly that way.”
From the sacristy the three passed through the Lady Chapel, under an archway, and into the immense interior of the cathedral. Lit by weak moonlight and the ambient light of the city, the massive nave, at over 300 feet in length, was awe-inspiring. Not least due to the 30 foot crucifix floating in the gloom above them, vaguely luminous in the light from the distant windows circling the upper reaches of the nave.
The door at the end of the hall, unseen at first glance as it was hidden by demolition rubble, did indeed open onto a path by the river. There was no sign of the gang members who had been in the warehouse earlier, stock-taking a large shipment of weapons bound for God-knows-where when Sherlock and John had startled them. However, judging by the rapid pace that Sherlock set, John guessed that he felt they were still in some danger and he hastened to keep up.
It was then to their surprise that the child said in a clearer voice than John had heard so far, "He's not
His anger spent, John's eyes were filling with treacherous tears and he turned and bolted up the stairs to his room. Sherlock stared after him but did not move to follow. John had stubborn pride. He might be regretting his outburst, not that he should do, for he was right and it was useful for Sherlock to hear what he had said. Nevertheless, it was clear that John would rather be alone for a while.
"My landlady Mrs. Hudson made up the room and prepared the loo across the hall for you, John. She also left us some tea. I'm going to go and get you a cup while you get settled in here, alright?"
The object of John's thoughts, finding himself in the midst of a morning filled with the surprising and the unexpected, was at that moment hastily departing a crime scene at which he had only just arrived. He had taken one look at the victim and, ignoring Lestrade's exclamation of consternation, had hailed a cab, climbed in and sped away without a word of explanation.
“She strapped my hands and instructed me to write on the school board one hundred times; ‘The loathsome habit of self-abuse is the root of all evil and leads to drinking and other forms of self-wastage. I will not therefore engage in this disgusting habit.’”
But even as he fell back against the sheets, Sherlock’s forehead began to furrow and his mouth twist painfully.  He winced and arched his back and at the same time pushed his buttocks down into the bed. He reached for John and said, “Please!”
"He said it's not surprising, in his experience, Omega like me heal differently and reproduce differently from others. And, there is no reason to think that anything is wrong. He said he would recommend an obstetrician for us and we should get the baby checked out of course, but that everything seemed to be fine."
John, his usual defenses against such deliberate attempts by Sherlock to seductively charm him in public weakened, was overcome by a wave of helpless admiration. Un-bloody believable, he thought, this extraordinary man will never cease to amaze me.
There was a pregnant silence before John turned and spluttered, “Mommy?! Who’s mommy, Sherlock? And this is your brother?!”
When his ring was answered, a smooth voice greeted him with a chillingly polite good day, followed by, “I won’t waste our time, Captain Watson. What are your terms?” The voice could have as easily been ordering from the dinner menu at Claridge’s as negotiating for the life of a valuable agent.
Suddenly amused, but not wanting to give Sherlock any encouragement, John turned and grinned out the window.
John recognized the expression; he had seen it before on very rare occasions. It appeared when Sherlock was overwhelmed with emotion and didn’t know how to cope. John had last seen the look… his own expression softened as he glanced down involuntarily to the wedding ring which Sherlock had placed on his left hand not so long ago.
“The elders would thank you, Ælfric.” Even as he said it, Sherlock’s mouth trembled and his eyes filled with tears.
Studying John’s frozen expression and his shaking fists, now clenched at his sides, Sherlock added, “I told you, John, I am a freak. I may have the anatomy of an Omega but I’ve never felt sexually attracted to anyone, Alpha, Beta or Omega, I don’t have heats and I’m not the slightest bit paternal.” He paused, “Years ago, when I still cared, I tried therapy, but it failed. I accepted then that I am permanently like this." When John didn't respond he said, "It could be worse couldn’t it? It’s quite convenient actually, and certainly less messy.” He quirked an eyebrow at John in mock amusement.
But before the murderer could pull the trigger, Sherlock flew from behind the nearest marble pillar, launching himself at the gunman with a shout for John to run. Taken by surprise and knocked off balance, the suspect lost his grip on the gun and it once again clattered onto the floor, this time skidding to a stop near John. Sherlock and the suspect struggled fiercely; a desperate murderer with nothing to lose, knowing that he had been set-up for arrest and Sherlock, whose only concern was for John's safety. Sherlock shouted again for John to run, his voice a hoarse gasp from the floor as the suspect, having gained a firm hold on his scarf, began to viciously choke him.
At the pace John moved, it was a short journey.  He strode into the triage centre, grabbed a handful of towels and linens from a storage cupboard there and placed them over Sherlock.  He nodded briefly at the two nurses on duty, who barely glanced up at him, and went directly into the showers. Here, dropping the towels and sheets on a bench, he turned the nearest shower on fully and, still holding Sherlock, stepped into the stream of water, clothes, weapons, boots and all.
“No, it’s that I… can’t offer you a normal physical relationship.” He looked miserably away to the window. “I mean a full sexual relationship.”
The process by which a country seizes a person assumed to be involved in terrorist activity and then transports him or her for interrogation to a country where due process of law is unlikely to be respected.
For the first time in many minutes, John turned his gaze from the fire to look at the man lying beside him.  Blackburn was extraordinarily beautiful: John raised his hand to ghost over the prominent bones of Blackburn’s face, silently reciting as he did…lacrimal, mandible, maxilla, nasal, vomer, zygomatic, frontal, temporal… The human head was so very vulnerable. It wasn’t difficult for John to imagine a different image; the translucent purity of Blackburn’s pale skin beneath John’s fingers, split apart, blood thick and blue bruised flesh over broken bone. He shut his eyes.  Not this man, not on my watch.
Sherlock tried to rise as if to help but John put a steadying hand on his shoulder to hold him in place. “No, let me get this, you aren’t up to much yet.”
He drew a breath and said, "Anyway, I'm sorry I shouted at you. It wasn't fair of me. You couldn't have known. And perhaps a mate who had loved him would grieve for Harvey regardless of his past actions. I know you were just being understanding and kind." His voice wobbled slightly on the last word.
“Sherlock, shhh, shhh, easy, love, easy,” crooned John, alarmed at Sherlock’s treatment of himself. He hummed in Sherlock’s ear, trying to relax him, “Try slow and firm movements, and stroke the other way, down toward the base of your cock.”
As they ate the omelette and toast, Sherlock observed John discreetly and decided that it was safe to leave him for the morning. John had not yet offered to tell him in detail of the events in the church that had led to the traumatic loss of his pregnancy and Sherlock refused to pressure him so he had been pursuing the case using what little information John had provided the first night in the hospital. He had been making progress but the next step necessitated a couple of hours on Lestrade's computer. So after breakfast he took his leave but not before thanking John sincerely for the meal and surprising him by carrying their breakfast dishes to the sink where he stacked them neatly, and pouring John a second cup of tea. Shrugging on his coat he winked at John's nonplussed expression and exited the flat. Downstairs, as an extra precaution he stopped at Mrs. Hudson's to ask if she would mind checking in on John at elevenses.
The omega was indeed slender and finely formed. But perhaps not starved as John had assumed earlier, rather, just of a naturally slight build. There were no ribs standing out on his bruised chest, which was heaving from the effort of breathing−John was not exactly sure why this was so, but the strain on the boy's body was evident−perhaps it was a chest infection but the symptoms weren't quite right…
“Good.  I am going to the next room, just for a few moments.  I will be right back.  You will still hear and see me, alright?”
Sherlock stared up at him from his seat at the kitchen table, surprised. “What do you mean…used to be an Alpha−?”
At that moment Sherlock re-entered to the room. "Two men dead in the north corridor. Shot," he stated flatly.
John sat down at the table. “Sherlock,” he said gently, “You experienced a life-changing event yesterday and it was very emotional for you. We need to think carefully before acting on anything that we may have said or done yesterday.”
Sherlock rolled his head to look at John across from him.  In a rare moment of stark honestly, he said, “I know it was wrong of her and my parents to do that to me, John, but what’s done is done.  I cannot undo it, no matter how much I may want to.”
They were nearly finished their meal when Sherlock spoke up, "John?" John looked anxiously at him. "Would you say that −," he couldn't even force the man's name across his lips, "your ex-husband…that he is a man of good judgement?"
Almost as soon as he had recovered full awareness and his brain began to come back online, he realized incredulously what it was. What John was...
“I see.” Sherlock said carefully. “John you don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to, its fine, but I’m interested to know what you mean…”
When he was satisfied that Sherlock’s physical condition was good, John seated himself beside him and drew him into his arms.  He felt Sherlock melt against him and lowered his head to Sherlock’s.  He dusted kisses to the spot on Sherlock’s neck where he’d pressed his teeth earlier, soothing the pinkish mark with his lips.  “Are you paying attention, leifling?” he questioned.
To his astonishment, Sherlock struck back at him just as furiously, “I saved you from a diseased whore, John! And you know it! And what’s more I don’t want you bringing any more of her type around here again! She stinks, and I don’t want her or anyone like her contaminating our home!”
He didn’t touch Sherlock immediately; he simply sat on the stall’s hard bench, angling his shoulder to take the brunt of the spray.  Sherlock’s skin was too fragile in his dehydrated state to withstand anything but the mist from the deflected water and the light steam encompassing them. John sat motionless and observed Sherlock’s face closely, looking for the first sign that he might be beginning to recover.  It took several anxious minutes but finally he began to see a hint of colour in Sherlock’s cheeks and the gradual return of the sheen on his skin which he’d observed with such wonder the previous night.
Sherlock looked down at John with concern and pressed a soft kiss onto his head. "I'm sorry you had to do that for me, John. I'm very sorry."
“Breathe, small one.  Breathe,” John urged. He splayed a hand over Sherlock’s chest and prompted deeper breaths until they had both relaxed.
Once all was done that could be for the moment, John sat down on the cot holding an oxygen mask over the nose and mouth of the now breathing but still unconscious omega.  With one hand on the mask, he pressed the fingers of his other hand against the inside of the thin wrist lying on the blanket and studied his patient for the first time.
"Oh, so not DI Lestrade then?" The voice that cut him off was weak but its thread of sarcasm was unmistakable.
When John said nothing, Sherlock continued.  “Mycroft shouted at me, frightened me, I didn’t know he was there, I hadn’t been paying attention… Then he dragged me across the lawn to our Nanny in the garden, he wouldn’t let me pull my trousers up.”
John, on high alert, answered casually, “I don’t really know, Sherlock. Everyone is different. I can really only speak for myself.”
Sherlock nodded, “But tonight, John, would you stay with me?”  He added uncomfortably, “I mean not to…just to…just for a little while…” He halted.
Between the frozen meals Mrs. Hudson had prepared and the well-stocked cupboards and refrigerator they managed well enough for food, not that John was eating much. Sherlock left John only once to run a couple of errands and to visit his tailor, during which time Mrs. Hudson kindly agreed to stay in the flat in case John should need something.
This time the raised eyebrow was accompanied by a distinct eye roll ceiling ward and Blackburn didn’t respond.
He stirred the rice and admitted to himself that he wasn’t sure when any future dates would be. Truth be told, he hadn’t really been interested in Liz, just going through the motions more than anything, hoping she would spark some sort of response in him. The painful truth was that none of the Omegas he’d met since moving in with Sherlock had attracted him. Perhaps Sherlock had been right in his initial assessment of him; his reproductive system was compromised to the point where he would never be able to breed a mate and raise children in the context of a loving family, as he so wanted.
Sherlock had been entirely his usual self since the episode in the night in July. In fact, he had arisen from his bed the morning following, perfectly perky himself but declaring that John looked terrible and demanding to know why he wasn’t taking better care of himself. When John cautiously asked him about the events of the previous night, Sherlock dismissed his concern, looking only slightly abashed, and informed John that he had merely gotten a bit too much sun while out walking and that was all. And that’s thanks for you, John had thought, hiding a grin, simply relieved to see that Sherlock appeared unaffected by his night-time ordeal.
John cleared his throat awkwardly, annoyingly confused once more, and said, “Right. Well.  Are you hungry?”
The order came from Lestrade, gasping on the floor several feet away. And when Sherlock turned and stared at him blankly, Lestrade barked louder, "Give it the hell here! Now, Sherlock!"
John interrupted the silent communication between Sherlock and Lestrade. "I'll make tea for you both, if you like…" He glanced nervously at Sherlock.
“Alright...” Sherlock said, and then, his voice barely audible from his pillow, “I’m sorry John…that I told you to fuck-off.”
John was now stroking Sherlock's curls absently. "Hmmmm, yes and I'm glad I did. Otherwise I would never have said anything because I didn't think you wanted to bond with me."
With Sherlock’s clothes in the plastic bag, along with his pistol, John tied it off tightly and tucked it under his arm. He brushed the sand and gravel from Sherlock’s hair, concerned that there was nothing he could do to disguise the bruising beginning to appear on his face and neck. But at least Sherlock was acceptably clean and dry; enough so that a cabbie wouldn’t refuse to pick them up. And there was no question that it must be a cab; even if the risk of aggression from other Alphas hadn’t been a problem, Sherlock was too weak to walk or use public transport.
Sherlock rolled over sleepily and reached for John. Finding the other side of the bed empty he opened an eye in question. He was surprised because lately John had been lying-in in the morning and Sherlock found he very much enjoyed this. But this morning, hearing John in the kitchen Sherlock rose, pulled on his robe and wandered out. Perhaps John could be persuaded back to bed. In Sherlock's experience when the incentives were right, John certainly could be.
Sherlock, looking up at John, said nothing. He lay motionless while John glared down at him and demanded, “Well, Sherlock?! Answer me! Is that your choice?! If so, I’m out of here, I’ll pack now and be gone in five minutes!” At this threat, Sherlock jolted to life. He stiffened and clutched John’s arms with both hands and blurted out in panic, “No! No, John! That’s not what I want. I only want you! Please! I want you, so badly! It’s killing me, John, the thought that maybe you don’t want me after all! Why are you rejecting me? Why won’t you just take me, make me yours, John?! Why?!”
Sherlock’s trousers were still on, but barely; inviting John’s eyes to continue their fascinated exploration of the hills and valleys of Sherlock’s magnificent physique… John drifted again…rectus sheath, pelvis-obliquus, abdominis externus… He followed the slopes and hollows as far as he could, to where they disappeared below Sherlock’s unfastened belt buckle and undone trouser buttons.
“Then let’s work on it John! You won’t even try! You keep pushing me away and pretending there’s nothing between us!”
At least Lestrade was; he gave a sharp exclamation of surprise as he was grappled from behind and John could hear scuffling as the combatants sought for solid purchase on the church's marble floor. John heard grunts of exertion from the figures and he strained to see into the darkness. At last he was able to make out the outline of Lestrade struggling to loosen the choke-hold that his assailant had around his neck. As John focused, he saw Lestrade succeed in breaking his attacker's grip and draw his weapon from his holster to defend himself. As bad luck would have it though, his assailant, flailing in rage and panic, knocked the gun from his hand and it fell to the floor with a clatter.
“Sherlock, listen to me, it’s alright, it’s alright, I’m going to help you.” He said firmly, “I need you to work with me, Sherlock.” Sherlock did not respond as he continued, “Are you having trouble breathing, Sherlock? Tell me. Breathe for me, okay?”
“Why this is all happening, John. Why I changed. Why I matured as an Omega. Really, it’s so glaringly obvious, John.” Sherlock sounded taken aback by John’s dimness.
Sherlock roused himself from his study of the rain drops splashing on the windscreen to say quietly, “It does appear that way, John.” He didn’t sound surprised.
Sherlock left the room and John resumed his slow tapping on the laptop. But his attention was on Sherlock’s strange confession. He would get to the bottom of this, no matter how long it took to do it.
Sherlock’s only response to this statement was a brief nod, but had anyone been looking closely they would have seen an unmistakably pleased expression settle itself on his face as John drew the car up in front of a converted stable, across the garden from the cottage.
"Harvey has been killed. I thought something like this might happen. You are in danger John, I'm certain of it now. We must be very care−"
Sherlock tried to obey, managing a stuttered gulp of air which he then seemed unable to exhale. John rubbed his back, “Breathe out now, Sherlock.” Sherlock obeyed with a sharp exhale. In this manner they continued, John leading Sherlock, coaching him until he was breathing almost normally. As he calmed, Sherlock’s pain seemed to subside leaving him limp and shivering slightly.
Sherlock almost wanted to stop him, he was feeling so emotionally raw himself by then. He didn't though, he simply pulled John close to his chest and let him speak as he wished.
Sherlock’s eyes filled with tears at this assertion and when he responded, his words tore at John’s heart.  “Why do you not let me die, Ælfric?  I am a danger to you.”
“You aren’t the kind of man who would put your friends in danger, John.” Sherlock’s voice was quiet.
Sherlock, with a chaotic agony of emotions and physical sensations coursing through him that he had no capacity to deal with, turned and fled the flat.
John got out, opened the stable doors and drove the car in. Then, baggage on one shoulder, he assisted Sherlock from the car and back across the lawn to the front door of the cottage. There, with Sherlock propped up against the door jamb, he opened the door and threw his duffle into the hall. He guided Sherlock in and closed and locked the door firmly behind them.
Thank you each one of you for reading and for commenting.  Writing is my cake and you readers are the icing! And cake with icing is my favourite food.
Downriver the tow path narrowed and their progress became increasingly slowed by treacherous patches of slippery algae underfoot. There had been no exit paths leading upland by which they could make their way back to the city so they were forced to continue, but when for the second time Sherlock lost his footing and slipped, John said firmly, "Sherlock we need to find somewhere to stop, it's too dangerous to go on in the dark."
Sherlock looked away in embarrassment.  He had probably said too much and likely it sounded ridiculous, or worse, hurtful.  He glanced uncertainly at John who had said nothing.
"But Harvey's right isn't he? Geoffrey died because I was too weak to protect him. What kind of a father can't protect his baby and let's someone….hurt him?"
John mentally kicked himself. He should have thought to prepare Sherlock in advance to expect Lestrade to bring someone from the Child Protection Authority with him; it was standard procedure in such circumstances. If only he had thought to tell Sherlock this, there would have been time for them to talk about it…
Let loose, John's anger was spilling over, "There is no safe place, Sherlock! I would still be trapped in that hell if Harvey hadn't decided to discard me himself! Can you understand that? I suffered every day and night I was with that man, Sherlock! I did not love him or respect him. He was my tormentor and I do not miss him at all!"
“John, please look at me.” John didn’t move, so Sherlock very slowly reached out a hand to his. “John, please.”
But what could come of it? The situation was complicated; it wasn't as though they could just keep a child who was presumably someone else's as though he was a lost kitten or puppy…
As he saw Sherlock's discomfort, John kicked himself.  He should have anticipated that Sherlock might suffer again from arousal and orgasm, given his first unpleasant experience!  John was furious with himself!  But, aloud, he soothed, “It aches again, Sherlock?”
“I don’t do extraordinary renditions.” The stocky blond man’s tone was emotionless, as was his expression.
The tea steeped and ready, John poured a cup; fixed it the way he knew Sherlock liked it and carried it to the table where he placed it in front of Sherlock.
Sherlock choked on a breath. "I'm sad for you John. I wish I could have stopped what happened. I wish you could be happy right now with your son in your arms. If I could make it happen, I would."
John grinned and nodded and reached to ruffle Sherlock’s hair as he settled with his book beside him; then had to catch his breath when he found himself caught in the beam of Sherlock’s brilliant blue gaze.
John’s strategy would be to wait. It was clear that Sherlock could not be pushed into revealing what was bothering him. Whatever it was was intensely personal… But it was obviously bothering him a great deal; now that John was paying attention he realized that Sherlock had been casting him wistful glances for some weeks. The issue would re-emerge and when it did John would be ready to pounce. There was no hurry. John had long since realized that expending energy on dating was pointless, and had resigned himself, not unhappily, to a life of loving his fiercely loyal but emotionally impaired friend.
"John." Sherlock surprised John by reaching out and taking his hand. "Given what you've just told me, would you be willing to consider that the things Harvey said about you−to you, were wrong? That they were not true?"
John, hitherto simply happy to savour his feelings of love and security with Sherlock beside him; feelings still new and a cause for constant wonder and gratitude, gradually became aware of some new emotion in his love.  It couldn’t be, surely…nervousness, uncertainty? Anxious, he looked to Sherlock’s face.  Sherlock saw the look and gave him a self-depreciating grin, “Nothing to worry about John, at least I hope not!”
John smiled and began to kiss his way down Sherlock’s chest and belly to his cock, stroking him with his hand as he did so.  Not rushed, he took his time, exploring Sherlock with his hand and tongue, enjoying his heady scent and warmth.  It was only when he began to taste pre-ejaculate that he moved to take Sherlock fully into his mouth.  As he opened his mouth to take him in, he placed his hands firmly on Sherlock’s hips, knowing Sherlock’s pleasure would be intensified by being able to strain against John’s hold. Then he slowly and purposefully began to bring Sherlock to orgasm; making insistent flicks with his tongue against the tip of his cock and sucking him; his lips forming a tight, wet ring just below the delicate head of his cock.
Sherlock looked at the ceiling once more. “She had a range of options available to her; my parents were very keen to ensure that we shouldn’t fall victim to the “fiend of darkness”.  We had spacious residence. Some families have sun-rooms or music rooms.  Our family had a punishment room.  It was well stocked.  It had a whipping block, a kneeling stool, switches and canes…a birch whip. Nanny was very efficient and conscientious in the fulfillment of her duties.  She kept careful notes recording my offences, the punishment imposed, the severity, the times and dates...”
John nodded and continued, his voice tragic, "I kept begging Geoffrey to stay with me, promising that I would take care of him and that we would be okay, we'd both be okay, but it didn't work, he couldn't, he just…couldn't…"
Sherlock roused briefly at the gun shots, which were painfully loud to his sensitive ears, but subsided again at a reassuring rumble from John and when he felt John’s other arm join the first already wrapped tightly around him. His pistol re-holstered, John wasted no more time.  He stepped over Moran’s body and into the glaring sunlight. Squinting fiercely he headed straight for the hospital.
“If that’s your way of saying you want me naked and in bed, John, then I accept.” He smirked at John.
Before long John fell asleep, his body still weak from trauma. Sherlock moved to set him in bed again but before he did, hardly aware he was doing so; he drew John closer, dipped his head and breathed in his fresh scent, now stronger and reassuringly mingled with Sherlock's own scent from his borrowed t-shirt and pyjamas. How appealing John's scent was!
Still, unaccountably confused and uncertain of himself all of a sudden, Sherlock said, "Ah, dinner. Would you like something to eat?" He wasn't hungry, he rarely was, but he remembered that it was dinner-time, when most people ate, and it was the only thing that he could think of to say on-the-spot.
John opened his mouth to greet him but closed it again and stared.  Sherlock’s blue, striped silk dressing gown was untied; he was bare-chested with his pyjamas riding low on his hips.  In his hands he held two neatly folded, plush white towels and what appeared to be thick cotton robe… it looked like the kind you only find in high-end hotels, thought John distractedly.  Perched on top of this stack were bottles of shampoo or perhaps shower gel and lotion…John could see the labels and recognized them as Sherlock’s preferred, and very expensive, brand which was something Italian...
John, who had been on high alert for any sign of trouble, was not caught off-guard.  He quickly covered Sherlock with the bed sheet and leaned over him protectively.
For Sherlock's part, he intended to go out in the morning if John seemed well enough to be left alone for a short while so he had put on a blue silk shirt and his charcoal grey suit. He had no patience with ties so his shirt was open-necked, giving him a rather rakish air which was further emphasized by his supremely confident demeanour. John was getting used to the large presence of Sherlock, both in appearance and personality, so when he greeted Sherlock good morning his expression held more shy admiration than the intimidation of the previous morning.
“Good,” John’s kisses continued, roving over the exposed paleness of Sherlock’s neck, not admonishing as they had been in the shower, but rather wooing and seductive.  He kissed with deliberate intent until he felt Sherlock’s pulse quicken and saw a faint flush appearing wherever his lips touched.  With a satisfied sound, he lifted his head to say, “We are leaving this place now, within the hour, on the outgoing supply flight.  I am requesting an immediate discharge from the army. I am retiring and asking you to come with me to my home in Rheged. It is far from these hot deserts; in a land of lakes and hills. I feel it would suit you well.”
At Baker Street, John opened his eyes at Sherlock's gentle urging and accepted his help in getting out of the cab. He allowed Sherlock to assist him up the stairs into the flat but once there seemed on the verge of collapse.
“What?” came the sulky reply, “Just leave the key on the table, John. Spare me the boring good-byes, please.”
“Certainly, Captain Watson.  And I trust in turn that I may rely upon you to keep your end of the bargain.”  Mycroft’s tone was officious, but he took a small step backward when he saw the murderous expression on John’s face and his balled fists in response to the provocation.
John looked up surprised, "Yes, I'm fine. I feel wonderful…I love you. Will you come home at lunch?"
It came a shock therefore, for John to hear Sherlock, unexpectedly one morning after breakfast, address him from the sofa in a voice cold with scorn. “You know what I think John?! I think you’re all talk and no action! But, as it happens, I don’t care anymore. I’ve thought about it and I’ve realized I have other options. I don’t need to put up with you stringing me along. I can have any Alpha I want now. In fact, I could send a text right now and Sebastian would be over here inside of 10 seconds!”
Now that he knew the cause of Blackburn’s medical crisis, John gave him an injection of Flumazenil, the antidote for benzodiazepine overdose. It was risky, the drug sometimes induced seizures, but it offered Blackburn’s best chance for recovery from his current precarious state. His medical profile had shown nothing to counter-indicate the use of the drug.
Once he had John undressed, Sherlock removed his own robe and pyjamas and lowered his head to kiss John, slowly and lovingly.  The kiss seemed to wake John up and he began to kiss Sherlock back eagerly.  Sherlock smiled as he lifted his mouth from John’s, picked up one of the bottles from where he had set it, and drew John into the shower.
John heard Mycroft hiss in irritation but since Sherlock was evidently refusing to say anything further, he left, closing the door behind him with a barely restrained click. He hadn't been gone a minute before John was further surprised to hear the sudden loud thump of Sherlock's fist hitting the table accompanied by a frustrated curse. Sherlock then rose and strode to the door; there was a momentary silence while he pulled his greatcoat from its hook before he left the flat, slamming the door behind him.
Tired from a fruitless day of searching the less savoury parts of London for a potential witness, Sherlock was lying on the sofa gazing at the ceiling and John was in the kitchen making tea for them.  He carried two mugs of tea to the living room.  He handed one to Sherlock and settled himself in his chair with a sigh of contentment.
The outcome of his assessment was no less alarming than his previous examination. In addition to his persistent cough, Blackburn was short of breath and his heart beat irregular. He was muttering incoherently and appeared to be hallucinating. The man needed immediate care. There was no help for it, John would have to leave Blackburn alone for a minute or two and make a dash back to the car to collect his medical bag and duffle.
“You’re still afraid of him aren’t you? He still watches you, follows you and spies on you, doesn’t he?  I can understand that, Sherlock.  I would feel the same way.”
He paused. “Possibly some of the complex linkages between brain, heart and body that make up human sexuality broke during what happened−your mind’s way of coping with the trauma inflicted on you. It would not be surprising at all if you’re suffering from some pretty crippling shame and fear around acting on sexual desire or even allowing yourself to feel sexual desire. That is what these extreme religious censures are intended to create in children and they have lasting effects. Being threatened with the devil, humiliated and subjected to what amounts to physical torture are traumatizing for anyone but especially for children. I’m not an expert in human sexuality by any means, though. There are specialists who work with people to great success on these kinds of psychological injuries...”
Harvey turned and faced Sherlock, his expression twisting with rage, "Who the fuck are you!? Get the hell out! This is a private room!"
There was no time to regret that now; Sherlock needed support and so John made a decision. Surprising everyone including himself he stepped between Sherlock and Lestrade and his companion. Drawing himself up with as much dignity as he could muster for having spent the previous night on the floor of a damp shed, he announced in what he hoped was a learned medical manner, "Thank you for coming. I have a suggestion to make. The child is traumatized from treatment that he received prior to our rescuing him, as well as the frightening escape from the warehouse.”
“That’s not what I…” Whatever he’d been going to say was lost as a blinding light lit up the night around them and the unmistakable hissing whine of a jet turbo engine could be heard from above, “Bloody hell, a helicopter now!?" John exclaimed, "What the…? Is the whole bloody country after us?”
Sherlock nodded so John scooped a spoonful from the foil packet and, holding a hand under it to catch drips, he offered it to him.
Sensing something of the sort was happening, Sherlock hastily backed into the living room and began to make a show of looking for the morning papers. When he glanced up again, John, somewhat recovered, was bravely offering a mug of tea. Relieved, Sherlock accepted it with casual thanks and remarked on the light rain falling outside. John nodded but still awkward, he didn't speak; he looked at the toast and then back to Sherlock. Sherlock smiled with appreciative pleasure and the immediate tension passed; they sat down together to share breakfast and the papers.
“No! I don’t want you to leave! I want you to stay. I know the expert advice is that a person should touch themselves to learn about their body and its responses, but I don’t want to! I want you to touch me John, so badly!”
Sherlock didn't pretend not to understand John's meaning but for the moment had nothing to counter with so he didn't respond to John's indictment of him. Instead his asked, "Where will you go from here John?"
“Let me get out first, Sherlock, pretend to struggle with your seatbelt… anything, just don’t get out of the car until I tell you it’s safe.”
It’s alright, he coached himself, no need to panic, just pull the bed sheet down and bunch it up between us... and he won’t know.
Sherlock tossed his mobile aside leaving nothing but dead air in response to a sputtering Mycroft, whom he had been haranguing to hurry with the doctor.
Sherlock tried to force his attention back to Lestrade, saying, "Yes," but he glanced up the stairs anxiously after John once more before he continued, "Our murderer guessed it would be only a matter of time before John would remember that the letter hadn't been there when he was lying in the vestibule, especially once John was questioned by police as a witness. Not aware of the fractured nature of their relationship, the murderer assumed that the first person John would confide in would be Harvey. He therefore wants both John and Harvey silenced."
He shouldered his duffle and with his medical bag in one hand, he lent the other to Sherlock. “Let’s go.”
“Trenholm Securities, they’re the best in the business. I’ve no idea what could’ve gone wrong.” Neilson was defensive.
John, taking control, established a relaxed rhythm with his hand and soothed him, “It’s alright, Sherlock don’t rush, we’ve got all day, I’m not going anywhere.”  He pressed small kisses to Sherlock’s neck and chest listening to his heart rate and breathing.  “You are so beautiful, Sherlock, so beautiful!”
Sherlock was surprised at his reaction, although he supposed upon reflection that he shouldn't have been. No matter what his character, Harvey had been John's husband and John was an impossibly loving man… "John, I'm sorry. I didn't think. Of course you're upset. He was your husband…"
“Hush, small one,” John soothed, “It is normal for an omega in your condition to feel so.  Your traumatic experience today has likely delayed your heat for now, but it will return.  It is not your first?”
He nudged against Sherlock, pulling Sherlock’s arm around himself. “This is me making my choice Sherlock, alright?” His voice was muffled against Sherlock’s chest.
John was away now, his anger spilling over.  “This whole business is a bloody mess!” He glared at Sherlock, “Why were you playing at being a spy anyway, for Christ’s sake?! You thought it was game?  Well, it’s not, Sherlock! People die.  Maybe even you!”
What did stop him was Sherlock himself; instead of cringing away in fear as John might have expected at his assault, Sherlock did the opposite. It had taken a few seconds but the sensation of John’s firm hands, the sound of his snarling vocalizations and his uniquely powerful alpha scent brought recognition back Sherlock. He sighed, relaxed and offered himself up to John; for although he was still only half conscious, he knew that his alpha had come for him and he welcomed John’s attentions in whatever form they may take.
John listened to the laboured breathing. The omega seemed to be trying to listen to him for it held its breath each time John spoke.
Sherlock voice shook slightly, “I watched you sleeping John. I opened the curtains so that I could see you in the sunlight; see your golden skin and hair.  You are so beautiful, John!  If you want to…could we go back to bed and lie together?  I want to touch your skin, I wanted to earlier but I didn’t want to wake you.”
Reason returning slowly, John began to back away from Sherlock, despite every instinct telling him he should to go to him. Confusion was muddling his mind and he shook his head in an effort to clear it.
John looked up in surprise, "Oh! I'm not, not him," he said, "I'm glad I knew what to do. I would kill anyone to save you Sherlock. I feel no regret." Then, by way of an explanation he added, "Greg has the same pistol that my father had; it's a standard, service-issue Glock 17."
The room was damp and chilled, hardly suitable for an ill patient. John glanced around hoping to find a source of warmth and to his relief saw a gas fireplace. He pulled off his coat, the lining of which was dry, and laid it on the room’s only couch. He then eased Blackburn down into a reclining position on the cushions. He pushed the seat closer to the fire, which he lit before bending to re-examine his patient.
Mrs. Hudson had tut-tutted over John's story when Sherlock had told her about him and proceeded to throw herself into making his arrival as welcoming as possible. She had had her own experiences with a bad marriage and so was most sympathetic to John's situation.
John, hearing this, resisted the strong urge to round the pallet he was standing behind and fire a bullet through the other alpha’s head. Instead he waited for Moran to stride past him in the darkness.  Unfortunately it was better for Moran to remain alive, for now.  If John couldn’t find Sherlock immediately he’d need information − information that could be extracted from Moran… It did not cross John’s mind to follow the man, for he was certain that Moran, in the absence of other evidence, was going to the Sergeant’s quarters to see if Sherlock was there. Moran wasn’t as sure as he that the major hadn’t hidden Sherlock somewhere.
Sherlock hesitated and then said, "Many people who know me−including myself−believe I'm a sociopath…some even say a psychopath−"
John’s voice was toneless as he said, “On our wedding night, in our bedroom, Harvey told me to get down on my hands and knees and keep my…face to the floor. He said that he was going to show me my place in our marriage in a way that I would never forget. I was a virgin Sherlock, I had no idea…”
There was no doubt that the creature he was treating was a human; not an elf as he had begun to assume from their brief conversation.  Unsure of his patient’s gender initially, his quick examination had confirmed that he was a boy, not a girl as the delicate bone and muscle structure and the fineness of the skin−where skin was visible between streaks of dirt and, in some places, blood − had suggested.
Sherlock had gleaned enough from his hours in the waiting area, which was adjacent to the nursing station outside the intensive care unit, to know that Harvey had done exactly as he had threatened; the papers ending his responsibility for John had been signed and filed by mid-day. Infertility was a legitimate ground for divorce but the man must have some influence somewhere because he had been able to complete all the medical and legal requirements for his own benefit within 12 hours of walking out on John. Infuriatingly from Sherlock's perspective, Harvey was a free man.
John laughed and said, “You’re daft.”  But he said it as though being daft was the best thing in the world.
It was not a minute after that that a black sedan made its smooth and soundless way down the ramp in front of them and drew to a silent halt not far off, its headlights a blinding glare in their faces. Before either one of them could speak or move it was joined by second, and to John’s growing astonishment, a third, a fourth and a fifth.
Sherlock's voice turned to pure ice, "Harvey was killed because he was very good at pretending that he was a close and loving husband to John; the man was 'hoist with his own petard'."
Sherlock half rose as if to follow him but John, turning back said, "It's alright Sherlock, I don't want to slow the investigation, for either of you; I want whoever did this to be arrested for everything that he has done."
John had no one it seemed, his Alpha having abandoned him. So Sherlock stayed, he would have anyway for he needed to speak to the man as soon as he was well enough to be interviewed, but somehow too it seemed like the right thing to do…the consideration of which would have surprised Sherlock's acquaintances had they known of it.
John said in an anguished whisper, “But you can’t Sherlock, no one can.  I…I…can’t have children, after what happened with Geoffrey, the doctors told me…”  Tears overflowed and ran down his cheeks.  “I’m so sorry Sherlock, I thought you knew.”
John smiled and stroked his thumb across the youth's cheek, bathing dirt and blood away with drops of warm water, "You are welcome, myn lykyng, very welcome." The term of endearment slipped out without John noticing, but it caused the semi-conscious youth to nuzzle John’s arm with his cheek and sigh once more.
John glanced quickly at Sherlock's face, wondering suddenly how he was going to cope with an unknown, filthy child clinging to his neatly pressed blue silk shirt − the bat-shirt, mused that part of John's brain which seemed to be taking on a will of its own. Strangers, dirt and small children − as far as anyone knew, Sherlock disliked all three in equal measure.
Sherlock nodded and began to rise to his feet. John settled him in the covered corner and jogged to where bags full of the day’s rubbish from the shops were stacked on the pavement. He pulled one from the stack and emptied its contents into a cardboard box. Turning, he jogged back to where the taller Alpha he’d shot lay slumped on the tracks. He rolled him and pulled his trousers off. His motions were clinical and precise; for John the situation was no different from the battle field. He had accomplished the mission and now his priority was the safe extraction of the innocent from the war zone. He would do whatever was required to ensure that happened.
After a short silence, John began, "Father Stansell at St. Patrick Church asked if I would meet with him to discuss his proposal for an after-school program for troubled youth. He wanted to talk about what grants might be available from Children's Services, where I work…"
Moments later, “Filth!” It was Moran’s voice, grim with satisfaction and unnaturally loud in the now quiet room.
John interrupted, “Sherlock! Don’t try to distract me from my point; I’m talking about you possibly having sustained a serious concussion from throwing yourself off of a warehouse roof into a skip!”
As he stared down into Blackburn’s pale face, to John’s confusion, rather than relief, he was conscious of a sense of loss as the Blackburn's brilliant eyes shuttered closed.
John looked at him in surprise. “My friends Mike and Molly? Yes, they appear to be away. But don’t worry; they won’t mind us stopping in for a short while. And it’s safer for them that they aren’t here, of course.”
Sherlock smiled.  John was glowing.  Sherlock leaned down to kiss him on the lips before he said quietly, “Let us take him home now.”
They left the flat on foot to make their way to St. Bart’s, not holding hands but each acutely aware of the other, although silent with their own thoughts.  The May day was brilliantly sunny and warm. The city’s parks were full of shrieking children and the pavements were crowded with cheerful people shopping, lunching and generally going about their business without a care in the world, or so it seemed.  The juxtaposition of cheer and promise outside to loss and grief inside was jarring; the sort of casual cruelty of which only nature is capable.
Contrite, Sherlock kissed them away, murmuring, “Let me touch you like I promised. You’ll like it John…”
John, torn between concern for Sherlock and fighting his own fiery desire, whispered, “I gave you my word Sherlock that I wouldn't take advantage of you and I intend to keep it." He breathed deeply, "Let me pour some cold water into the bath and get you a cool flannel. It will help you feel better. And it’s okay to touch yourself if you want to, you never have before, I know, but it’s okay to do it, almost everyone does at some time.” ...not that it will help me tonight, John thought, I could wank all night and in the morning still fuck you senseless, my beautiful, perfect Sherlock…
John did not have the time to set up Blackburn’s interception the way he would have liked. Under different circumstances he would have taken as much time as required to create a careful plan with back-up strategies to manage all the possible risks. Never-the-less, John had the resources, and more importantly, the skills and the confidence required to succeed under less than ideal circumstances and so was able to set up quickly what he considered to be a solid plan to capture Blackburn. Within twelve hours of receiving his file, John was ready to apprehend his target.
When Sherlock returned, moments later, it was find John sobbing with his hands over his eyes, shoulders shaking and crying for Sherlock. Sherlock dropped the glass of water, adding to the mess on the floor and, with a roar of outrage, launched himself at the doctor only to be caught mid-air and flung to wall by the iron-fisted body guard. He was winding up for a second attempt on the doctor when he was stopped by John sobbing, "No, Sherlock! Stop it, please stop it!"
It was probably madness on John’s part; he was still a functional Alpha after all−although, as Sherlock pointed out, he was now disabled. But John was intrigued by the man before him, all dark curls, pale skin and eyes that flashed blue lightening. For the first time in months John felt the stirring of something like life inside himself; a small flare of light in the unceasing grey of his existence, and he would not turn away from it now.
Mycroft surveyed the two of them for a moment longer before sighing resignedly, “Well, I’ll be off then, duty calls.  Do leave the car though, please.  Our civil service budgets aren’t what they once were.”
Sherlock continued, “We Simarine do not have hair on our skin. Hair such as yours greatly impedes swimming.”
He spoke in a gentle tone, allowing none of the anxiety he felt to appear in his voice. He knew they didn't have much time before the gang members he and Sherlock had startled away from the warehouse might return with reinforcements. It could be at any moment.
“I’m sorry with all my heart, leifling but no survivors were found… an aide team searched but there was no one...” John tightened his arm around Sherlock, and brushed his mouth to his ear, wanting to offer what comfort he could.
He was rewarded with a quick indrawn breath and shudder from Sherlock, in his arms.  John grinned to himself and said lightly, “Anyway, it’s just something to think about….”
It would have to suffice because his observations of Blackburn told him that the man’s condition was continuing to worsen. Blackburn’s heartbeat was erratic, he was too drowsy and between shallow breaths he was starting to cough up phlegm. If his symptoms continued to worsen, John feared the man would not be alive by the time it was daylight.
It was the picture of Sherlock clenched and writhing beneath him that triggered a wild alarm in John’s brain. He was losing control! He must stop before he actually committed the unforgivable betrayal of Sherlock’s trust that he was imagining!
The spell was broken by the sound of a text alert from Sherlock's mobile. With an arm still around John's back he reached for it. The text was from Lestrade.
They drove steadily east. The night was well advanced by the time they left the empty country lanes behind them to join the flow traffic on one of the main routes leading into London.  It was not far from the same spot where they had exited the city not 24 hours earlier, when John handed his mobile to Sherlock.  “Phone your handler.  Tell them I’m bringing you in.  They’ll be provided with the meeting location shortly.”
John sighed and, surrendering to his feelings, bent his head to rest his cheek on Sherlock’s head.  “I left to do something that I felt was necessary for your protection, leifling.  Protecting you means more than just your physical safety.  Your spiritual and emotional well-being are equally important and I want to guard them a vigilantly as I do your life. I want to spare you from experiencing any more of the horrors and evil in the world.  Already you have seen more than anyone should ever see in one lifetime. I wish you to see no more.” John stoked Sherlock’s forehead. “Perhaps I was too impulsive, I should have explained first…” his voice held regret.
They trod in silence, focusing on the sloping path under their feet. The December 24th afternoon darkened quickly. There were some stars overhead, visible between banks of heavy clouds, but not enough to provide useful light. It was difficult going.
John considered the scenario. It was certainly possible.  And if his tissues dried out enough, Sherlock’s scent would diminish greatly, if not disappear; making his trail impossible to follow… this would explain his almost vanished scent. With the unerring certainty of an alpha in tune with its omega, mind and body, John knew he had arrived at the truth. It had been an ingenious escape strategy and John felt pride at its brilliance.  But alarm followed rapidly on the heels of admiration; it was a life threatening maneuver for Sherlock; dehydration to the extent required to contract his tissues would kill him within a few hours, perhaps sooner in his already weakened condition.  The longer Sherlock remained without fluids the less likely it would be that John could revive him.  He must find him quickly.
A multitude of expressions were chasing each other across Sherlock’s face as he stared at John; amazement, embarrassment, fear, longing, love and, although John was certain Sherlock had no idea of it; to John’s astonishment, sexual desire. And wasn’t that interesting?!
“If you object leifling, please do so now.” John’s expression was sober. “But before you answer me, know this; if you do not want as I do, of course you have the freedom to go anywhere you wish to; I will escort you to wherever that may be, to ensure your safety, ic ámundae þē, if you will allow me to do so.”
Sherlock seemed about to argue but after giving John a searching look, nodded his head abruptly. He turned to the cupboard and reached for the winter jacket that he had purchased for John and assisted him into it, lifting its thick collar up around John's neck. He then pressed a pair of gloves into John's hand before pulling on his own overcoat and wrapping a scarf around his neck.
The shock and confusion John was feeling at his physical reaction to Sherlock, caused him to frown and lower his head to glare down at the chicken soup he was stirring, as though it had done him some grievous offence.
He looked at John hopefully but John appeared completely mystified as to what he was talking about so he was forced to forge on. “John today is the first day of spring.  Winter is over.  Beautiful things have come to life; divine things which, like flowers, I paid no attention to before you came into my life.”
Gaia Omega were rare, about one in 10,000 and becoming increasingly rare as biology and society evolved to a more egalitarian order. They were biologically different from other Omega, although these differences were not well understood by medical scientists. It was not just their unique ejaculate that set them apart, although this made them highly sexually desirable to Alphas (which Sherlock could now personally attest to.) They had the ability to induce pleasurable altered mental states in Alphas, sensations of peacefulness, happiness, optimism, by proximity alone. They were also unusually fertile and extraordinarily nurturing and protective as mates and parents.
By this time Sherlock was showing definite signs of flagging so John took charge of their small party and led them to the entrance of the café. Its door was lit cheerfully with coloured Christmas lights and adorned with a large plastic holly wreath. Inside John selected the nearest banquette, one of several in the small place draped generously with silver garlands and hung with shiny red bells.  He assisted Sherlock to unwrap December whose bright eyes could be seen from inside the coat − an indication that he had not been asleep for at least some time.
Sherlock remained silent.  John sensed an inner battle occurring, he could feel the tension in Sherlock’s body.
Long seconds passed. He’d almost given up all hope when he became aware of something… something not quite an answer to his call… not a response, something different−fainter and weaker…
And by God, if Harvey Smith had been still alive it would not have been for long, Sherlock thought viciously. His body began to shake with the desire to kill and he could hardly see for the red mist of rage blurring his vision at the thought of what John had just shared. The adrenaline flooding his body caused the hand that smoothed John’s cheek to tremble, despite his best efforts to keep it steady.
"John, please reconsider." Sherlock's voice was urgent. "You may know more than you realize that could help to solve these crimes. I think you do and if I think so, there is a murderer out there who may think so as well. That puts you in danger John."
But before he could respond to the knock, there was a shout from outside the door. “Watson, the Commandant wants to see you. In his office.  ASAP.” It was the Aide de Camp’s voice.
“I suppose not,” John reflected, “I guess that’s why I have no one close to me, I chose this lifestyle: I won’t impose it on anyone else.”
But John was staring at him thoughtfully, “That is a beautiful idea, Sherlock.  I like to think of him that way. Thank you.”
Aware that Sherlock, beside him hadn’t moved or spoken, John turned to look at him and froze in surprise. Sherlock, clutching the boy in his coat, was not looking at Lestrade or the social worker but rather staring wildly at John in mute distress; he had an expression of confused panic on his face and his mouth was starting to turn downward and tremble.
As he sliced mushrooms, John pondered Sherlock’s odd behaviour. He was mystified as to the cause of Sherlock’s strong aversion to the other Omega’s scent. To his knowledge Sherlock had little or no capacity to scent others at all, although his other senses were very keen. But obviously Liz’s presence had triggered something in him and John was genuinely regretful for upsetting him. Future dates would take place elsewhere.
“No! I don’t want that, John! I want, I want… you! Not safety, not security, not… not… this! I want you; us, John!”
He pulled John fiercely to him, wrapping him in a strong hug as if he could force the memories away and wash John’s wounds clean with his love alone. He knew this wasn’t possible but that realization did not stop him from trying. He said, “I’m sorry John. I’m sorry that you were forced to endure such despicable acts. What Harvey did to you was sadistic and cruel. What you’ve just told me−as well as all the others things he did to you that I’m aware you haven’t told me−should never have happened to you.”
“My God!” John stared, shocked.  “No! Sherlock! How could you!? I’m nothing.  I’m no one. I have no future! Please no, Sherlock!”
John asked unhappily, “What can I do to fix it then, please tell me and I’ll do it. Would you like me to leave for a little while, give you some space and time to think about things? I don’t want to leave you Sherlock, not for a minute, but if you think it would help, I’ll do it. I’ll do anything to help you, Sherlock. Anything.”
“þu you hlystest!” John insisted, “Listen to me. It will be alright, I promise.  I’ll go and be back again very quickly.  You will be safe for a short while alone; your scent is not strong now that you’re bathed and your heat has eased.  The soldiers who captured you will have been sent into the field again; they are no longer in the camp.  If anyone else knew of your existence they will likely think that you are… no longer here...” John trailed off, not wanting to frighten Sherlock more by what his words suggested. He leaned over the bed to gather Sherlock to him and pleaded, “I’m asking you to trust me, Sherlock.  I want you to try to be calm and to stay here and wait for me. I will lock this door and the outer door behind me.  No soldier will dare come in to my quarters after what happened to the one who tried it last night, I can guarantee that! Will you do as I ask, please?”
His body was rigid with distress, his breathing reduced to sharp gasps, dragged in when his lungs rebelled and demanded air. "I wanted to see him, Sherlock, I wanted to hold him. I wanted to tell him how much I loved him, even if he was already gone. But they wouldn't give him to me. Oh God, I never even saw him! He didn't get to hear me tell him how much I loved him. He never knew!" John's last words were a wail of anguish.
He looked at Sherlock and said urgently, “The fact we both aren’t dead right now means they want you alive, which means they’re CIA.” His tone softened but was no less urgent, “Sherlock, you’ll be fine. Just do exactly as I say, alright? I’ll get you through this.”
John could tell Sherlock was becoming confused about his feelings, so he changed the subject.  “You asked me why I’m confident that you can change.  It’s more than just your desire to change.  It’s because of the way you are Sherlock, I mean who you are.”
Still feeling tired, he selected a book from the bookshelf and carried his tea to the sofa. He sat with the book unopened on his lap however, thinking back to the night and wondering at the extraordinary compassion Sherlock had shown him in the wake of his nightmare. His thoughts were wistful. What an amazing man his host was! He had never met an Alpha like Sherlock. How fortunate the Omega that Sherlock finally chose as a mate would be…John had no doubt he or she would be fiercely protected and loved with a tender passion. He only hoped that Sherlock would be loved equally in return; he might be commanding and every inch a fearless Alpha but he had vulnerabilities too; John had seen them and he suddenly wished very much for Sherlock to be nurtured and protected by a caring mate in return. Sherlock deserved that above all else. John knew his own chances for love were over but he very much wished lasting happiness and fulfillment for Sherlock.
He stripped the last remnants of cloth away from the youth's body and to his surprise John found he was not the immature adolescent that he had first thought. Small and delicate certainly, very much so, and sexually uninitiated, but not immature; he was a fully developed omega, probably in his late teens.
Sherlock’s thoughts turned to the impact of his discovery and what it meant for himself and John. Once revealed as a Gaia, John would assume the highest social stature and could live a life of prestige and privilege. And, he could choose any mate he wanted, easily one of a higher social rank than Sherlock.
Sherlock looked at the floor before looking up at John again with visible tears in his eyes and whispered, “I want back everything that was taken from me when I was eleven years old. I want my body back and I want my dreams back. You were the boy I loved and the sailor I rescued, John. Now that I am a man, I want to be able to share that with you again.” The tears were flowing down his face now, his mouth trembling and his voice unsteady, “I want all that they took from me back, so I can give it to you, John. That’s what hurts the most; that I have nothing left to give to you. That I am hollow didn’t really matter so much before I met you, but now it matters more than anything in the world−I hate that I have nothing to give you−you who mean more to me than my own life, John!” He lowered his head and wept.
John said, “Nauseous too are you? I see you were fibbing when you told me you’d eaten dinner.” He chuckled, “Bet you didn’t expect to get found out about that, did you?”
Moran went for the ruse.  And he was a good shot, firing low to the ground exactly where the torch had landed, no doubt wanting to ensure that Sherlock stayed alive while disabling his challenger enough to be an easy kill once Sherlock was recaptured.  But in doing so he took a small step forward; just enough to cause a sliver of his shadow to become visible in the entrance of the bunker.  John, smooth and exacting, aimed his pistol at where he judged Moran to be standing outside, for he wasn’t visible, and fired through the galvanized steel of the bunker.  His bullet found home; Moran fell with a shriek, sprawling across the open doorway. He struggled to rise, swearing viciously and writhing in agony before finally stilling.  John watched dispassionately as Moran’s jerky movements slowed to a stop.
John, home unexpectedly early that afternoon unbeknownst to Sherlock, was awoken from his nap in the bedroom by their raised voices. He began to rise from bed only to stop still in astonishment at hearing Sherlock's angry words; he could hardly believe his ears! He'd had no idea that that's how Sherlock felt. How could he have missed this? Sherlock certainly had kept his feelings well hidden.
John’s next awareness was of jerking awake in alarm. His hands gripped at the arms of his chair and he fought for alertness. His first thought was of Blackburn. Where was he!? As his vision sharpened, John saw to his overwhelming relief that Blackburn was still lying, just as he had been earlier, on the couch.  But he wasn’t asleep anymore; instead he was staring unblinkingly at John.
Dirt smudged, bruised and with his usual vitality noticeably absent, Sherlock displayed an unusual vulnerability; his movements were cautious and his manner halting; like someone awakening to find their old body had been replaced by a strange new one with no familiar features. He sank up to his neck in the warm water and rested his head back against the tub with closed eyes. John knelt beside the tub and with soap, started at the top of Sherlock’s head where he would work his way down in his search for injuries. He noted a bruised forehead and temple; pain in Sherlock’s left shoulder from fighting his restraints−John frowned angrily remembering the sight of Sherlock being bound and forced to his knees−and tenderness in his lower abdomen where there was a large red mark, possibly from a boot...
As the seconds passed, an unfamiliar emotion began to steal over John.  Of all the men, women and children, military or civilian, that he had treated, operated on, cured, or saved, somehow it was becoming increasingly important to him, more so than it ever had been, that this one boy, this barely-alive creature beneath his hands, should live. He sat in stillness staring down at the youth, willing him not to give in to his injuries and illness.  He had a sense that for this patient, medical science would not be the determining factor between life and death; that something else was needed.  The sensation was so strong that almost without realizing it, he began to do something he hadn’t done in many years; he began to pray.  He prayed not for safe passage from this world into the next that the youth had asked of him, but instead for the boy’s life to be saved.  Silently he recited the heartfelt request to Eallwealdend, the omnipotent God of his grandmother’s conviction, and too, to his beloved ealdmóder herself.  If anyone would hear his prayer it would be her.  He smiled.  His certainty grew as he repeated the not-forgotten words that his grandmother had taught him, into the night like a silent song.
“We can’t bond until you are in heat, Sherlock, but starting the process now will prepare your body, and mine too, for when the time to bond does come.”
Sherlock stilled and observed John carefully.  After a moment he said, “Ah.  You are angry with me, John. Why?”
John reached with a lazy hand to stoke a long curl behind Sherlock’s ear.  “And yet you have such lovely hair on your head, leifling.”
“Hmm. Yes, I guessed that the suggestion of sex would work. But I brought a ring too, just in case; my plan B, so to speak.”
Finally, definitely not soon enough for John, Sherlock, smelling strongly of lavender, was settled in the small guest room where he fell asleep almost immediately.  A relieved John had a quick shower himself and put their clothes into the small washer in the kitchen.  He then set about cleaning his weapons and checking his ammunition; thinking the while about what their next move should be.  His thoughts were grim.  Their situation was dire; the odds were against a successful outcome.
Sherlock, who had gone still and quiet at John’s initial outburst, now began to shake in distress. “Fierdrinc, what is wrong?!”
“I am called Shærlock… but,” the youth’s gaze dropped shyly before lifting again to meet John’s, “I… liked it when you called me… Ælfscíene…”
He clearly had expensive taste in dress, John’s lips twitched without humour; the pretentious wool overcoat with the turned up collar would have rung in at at least £1000 and the designer leather shoes likely at twice that amount. The man was hardly low profile.
“But I…wouldn’t I know that already?” He looked surprised and then thoughtful. “Well, perhaps not… I see what you mean. But it doesn’t matter does it?”
John, dizzy and ears ringing from the blow to his head, stumbled to the table where he leaned over it, willing his head to clear. Breathing deeply, he began to focus his mind and ready himself for battle. He could not fail now; his will, his courage and his training must distill in this moment. So with ruthless determination, he stripped his mind of insecurity, pain and bitterness and let his Alpha identity take firm hold. Then, thrusting himself away from the table, he ran up the stairs to his room and pulled his pistol from his nightstand. He secured it under his belt at his back as he ran down the stairs and from the flat to follow Sherlock.
They repeated the action until Sherlock had finished about half of the soup.  As John had predicted, before long, the warm food had relaxed him enough to feel sleepy again.  He had just swallowed a spoonful when he closed his eyes and leaned into John, asleep before John could lower him to his pillow.
It was more of a struggle for John than he had thought it would be, to hide his almost over-powering desire for Sherlock. But he had managed it. Sherlock himself had been quietly agreeable and had not brought up the subject of their relationship since the discussion in the kitchen two weeks previously−although John had caught Sherlock looking at him speculatively several times. This however, he put down to Sherlock simply adjusting to Alpha/Omega interpersonal dynamics, which were new to him.
Sherlock recoiled in horror. “My God, John! Stop it, please stop it! I am not Harvey! Please don’t speak to me that way!” Sherlock’s emotions twisted and he raked his hands through his hair in frustration.
Blackburn gave what sounded like a resigned sigh in the silence. “I wasn’t expecting you.” After a pause he added almost ruefully, “There’s always something.” The latter statement he seemed to mutter more to himself than to John.
John found himself grinning back and lightly touched Sherlock’s knee with a warm hand. For one breathless moment, he stared into Sherlock’s eyes, bright even in the dimness. Locked on John's gaze, Sherlock opened his mouth as if to say something but before he could, John had turned his face away toward the window. All he said was, “We should go now.”
John carried his clean, towel-wrapped bundle from the bathroom to the bedroom.  As much as he didn’t like to be in it, the bedroom was the most comfortable place in his quarters for his patient to rest and the most convenient in which to treat him. He made a slight detour to the anteroom to collect his medical kit and his rifle before carrying his patient to the bed.  He did not underestimate the aggression of the alphas he had seen and scented earlier.  Sherlock was at very great risk, as he was aware.  John strengthened his hold on the young omega; no one was getting close enough to this beautiful creature to harm him. John would make sure of that.
John shook his head and squeezed his eyelids together trying to clear the fog that an unfamiliarly deep sleep had settled on his brain. He breathed deeply. When he opened his eyes again it was to find Blackburn’s compelling gaze still on him.  Struggling with the remnants of sleep, it was impossible for John to look away even though he wanted to; the man’s mercilessly piercing eyes seemed to be searching inside John for something...as though Blackburn was examining the torn and blackened fabric of his soul with a ruthless precision.  John was immobilized.
“Sherlock! Would you please try to be a little bit more careful?! Not that I don’t enjoy shooting murderers and patching you up, I do, it makes me nostalgic for the old days when I was still Alpha enough to do such things, but seriously, this time you’ve sustained a life-threatening injury!”
The man flushed an angrier red, not wanting to back down but then gave a harsh laugh. With a contemptuous look at his mate in the bed, he said to Sherlock, "Well, you want him? You can have the frigid bitch." He turned with a sneer to his mate, "I've got no more use for your dried-up arse! I'm divorcing you and don't think that you'll get anything out of me because you won't. You can die in the street; or maybe if you’re lucky you can make a living as a filthy rent-boy."
When he answered, Sherlock sounded surprised at himself, “It is…it makes me feel…good...” He added hastily, “I don’t mean I want to do anything with you, because I don’t.  But it makes me feel good to know you are…attracted to me.  Even though it makes me uncomfortable as well…”
Sherlock opened the door of John's room and entered. It was quiet and dark apart from the indicator lights on the medical equipment monitoring John's vital signs. But there was enough light coming from the city through the open blinds for Sherlock to make out John's still form lying on his side facing the window.
There was a silence before John heard Sherlock respond with, "Ah, December. The tenth and last month in the Roman calendar.  An excellent name."
It was a bark accompanied by a fierce growl and a lightning-fast pounce. John was propelled backward, letting out a sharp yelp of surprise as he felt himself fly through the air, fully expecting to hit the cold marble of the wall. But that isn't what happened; rather, the back of his head was caught and settled into the warm firm palm of Sherlock's right hand and his back supported by the iron strength of Sherlock's left while a very insistent thigh was inserted between his own, effectively pinning him to the wall. He thought vaguely, I should be terrified…why am I not terrified? It was bewildering.
He grinned despite his stiffness and sore shoulder. "Two peas in a pod are you? Well, a happy Christmas to us."
"'The child' is a Watson too Mycroft! And don't preach to me about parenting as if you know anything about it!"
The last coherent word Sherlock gasped out before he came with a fierce thrust against John’s hands was “Jo−hn!” After that he was inarticulate; groaning and writhing under John and releasing a small but heavenly scented spurt of ejaculate into John’s mouth. A gush of his lubricant; slick and seductive appeared between his thighs and at the sight and smell of it,  John was forced to pull back, take a shaking breath and count to five; now was not the time to flip Sherlock onto his belly, part his buttocks and drive into him…
John glanced at Sherlock who was wearing a look of such confusion on his face that it would have been amusing under any other circumstance.
John gave a tremulous laugh as Sherlock had intended he should, but he seemed to have forgotten that he was expected to formally accept his marriage proposal. So Sherlock purred seductively in his ear, “John, you still haven’t said yes…soooo, you drive a hard bargain, but I’m prepared to sweeten the offer….” He gave John’s ear lobe a flirtatious nip.
John, his anger dissolving, drew another breath and raised his eyes to the ceiling before saying, “You’re still weak.  Get some more rest and we’ll sort out what to do to fix this in the morning, alright? There is nothing we can do until you’re stronger anyway.”
John was convinced that Blackburn was not confusing him with the Mycroft he had referred to earlier. The man’s concern for John’s wellbeing appeared to be genuine enough that John was forced to believe it to be real. Nothing about Blackburn was adding up!
Sherlock was wearing one of John’s T-shirts and nestled in his sleeping bag which John had un-zipped and lay atop the bed.  John wasn’t sure why he hadn’t just placed Sherlock between the bed sheets; there was no reason not to, for the bed was freshly made up, but he had had the irresistible desire to put Sherlock in his own sleeping bag – there would be time enough later to think about why he might feel so − Sherlock had had a drink of water but he’d had nothing to eat for the time being.  Food could wait until the ankle and the forehead were taken care of, John reasoned.
He wasn’t kidding, John realized incredulously. “Ah. Yes.  Very attractive Sherlock,” he said cautiously; Sherlock was definitely not ready to hear about just how attractive John thought he was or all the things he had imagined them doing together, at one time or another…
He added, “I can’t help it, I’m a doctor, I look at bodies, all kinds of bodies, and try to understand what they’re telling me.”
He heard himself ask, "How long does it take for a couple to become qualified to provide emergency care for a child-in-need?" He continued, "I'm a family physician and my partner is…." Ummm, best not to mention that, he thought quickly and started again, "The Holmes family is a well-known and respected one; my partner's brother is Sir Mycroft Holmes…" Any port in a storm, he thought, grateful for the first time ever for Mycroft's existence. Then the troublesome voice at the back of his brain made itself heard…
Dear God, he realized, Sherlock hadn’t run away! He wasn’t trying to escape; instead he had chosen to die – but on his own terms, with peace and dignity. He had hidden himself to do so, but he was close, very close.
He gathered Sherlock firmly against him and pressed the two of them together, head to toe.  The sensation was heart-stopping! John groaned and was not able to prevent a small thrust of his hips against Sherlock despite his best effort.  He waited anxiously, but when he heard an answering groan from Sherlock he gave two more firm pushes against the softness of Sherlock’s belly.  He could feel Sherlock erect and hard now too, small but insistent against his thigh.
For the first time since the incident began he looked at Sherlock and said, “I’m sorry but we can’t stay here now, we have to leave immediately. There will be others following this one.”
“God, your roommate is a dick!” Elizabeth hissed at John, standing and reaching for her bag and coat. “Call me if you ever get rid of the bastard. No, on second thought, don’t call me. Ever again. Both of you can go to hell!”
“I knew I could find the way; iċ i scholasticus.” Sherlock turned his head to look at John to confirm that he understood the Latin word.  “Iċ physicist primae, aquaedisciplinae, iċ … inventum...” he struggled to translate a word for John, “graphimatis sé lacu?  I am the… scientiae optumus of my people,” he added with solemn dignity.
He focused on Sherlock, whose light sweet scent was faint, but as bright as a beacon for John in his already semi-bonded state.  Once he had established the direction in which the party had taken, he assessed possible locations where Moran might be headed with Sherlock. Bunkers were the most obvious possibility; they were heavily fortified structures and almost sound-proof. Used to store ammunition, they were not frequented by base personnel on a regular basis. Some were even abandoned altogether when fighting moved on to different fronts.
John woke late the next morning. In the kitchen, he found a note propped against the vacuum flask of hot tea informing him that Sherlock had gone out but would return by mid-morning. The initials SH were a dark swirl, as dramatic and bold as the man himself thought John with a smile.
Lieutenant Colonel Reynolds hardly glanced up as John shut the door behind him.  Busy with paperwork on his desk, he said, “Captain, I wanted to speak with you. Captain Moran has returned to his position as base surgeon; your services are no longer required.  I’m sure it’s a relief for you to hear it,” He gave a humourless laugh.
The cuffs were still locked; John tried them and found they held fast.  Again he was mystified, how was this possible? Moran wouldn’t have been as careless with his victim as to use cuffs too large to secure him.   John turned his attention to the straps dangling below the cuffs; they too held fast, still tightly secured.
Sherlock was stunned into silence by John's outburst. He hadn't thought that, not really, but it was true that his understanding of situations such as John's was limited…
The central compound was empty and silent. Good, thought John with grim satisfaction; without others around and no breeze, tracking the small party would be that much easier.
John sat up straight and looked at the floor; Sherlock had made it clear he didn’t feel paternal at all…and now John had revealed everything…he shouldn’t have. He’d meant to give Sherlock more time…
John chuckled in amusement, “I feel the same way about army rations, leifling.  But please don’t think all of my peoples’ food tastes as bad!”
He hated to break the spell, but to ease Sherlock’s self-consciousness, John said, “I think your soup is ready.  Would you eat some now?”
John's thoughts were interrupted by a hard laugh and the mutter of Moran talking to himself, “So the little omega thinks it can escape the attentions of its master does it? Good. I’m the one who will teach it a lesson in obedience it will never forget.”
John whispered, “Tell him it’s safe.  You are an adult now; tell him you’ll protect him and that I’ll protect him too.  Tell him you understand his fear and that you understand he had no one to help him when he was a little boy but that now he has both of us and together we’ll make sure no one ever hurts him again…” John was near tears himself.  He whispered, “Tell him Nanny is gone and her devil’s workshop of punishments is closed. It’s gone and it will never be again.  Tell him I won’t hurt him and that I just want to play pirates and swim in the starlight; tell him Sherlock.”
John flopped back against the pillow with a groan of disappointment, tears gathering under his closed lids he was so bereft.
Pressing his forehead to Sherlock’s he inhaled his intoxicating scent; as light and fresh as morning dew on summer flowers!  How exhilarating it was! After years of little other than the smell of fear, blood and scorched sand, Sherlock’s exquisite scent was like cool water to a man parched from thirst.  Fierce need flooded John; his blood began to throb in his veins and his hands shake as he breathed Sherlock in. Powerful instinct got the better of him and he clasped Sherlock against him in an immobilizing grip.
“But…I don’t say things like that, ever, to…people. So, I don’t know why I said it to you. I mean, it’s true that I don’t care if other people think I’m a freak…but you…” He trailed off.
“Yes, John.” Sherlock murmured, his face pressed against John’s chest. “I’m sorry, John. I understand now. I love you. I wanted to live so that I could tell you I love you.”
John hugged him and nuzzled his neck in comfort, “But you have me now, Ælfscíene, and so you are safe.” He stroked Sherlock’s smooth cheek.  “I think you should eat something, my heartsweet.  Warm soup will calm you, help you to sleep.  Will you have some?”
Quickly closing his mouth, which had fallen open during John's speech, Lestrade recovered himself enough to indicate courteously that they could sit in his vehicle to talk.
Sherlock, still glaring, faced him for a moment longer but then turned and went to John, his demeanour altering as he went so that by the time he reached the smaller man he was moving slowly and calmly. Shielding John from Lestrade's direct view, he bent and murmured something near John's ear. John visibly relaxed, closing his eyes and inclining his head to one side in what was perhaps an unconscious plea for more reassurance. Sherlock stilled close to him before straightening and putting a light hand on his arm.
After ensuring that Sherlock made it safely to the loo upstairs to take his shower, John did a thorough security assessment of the cottage’s windows and doors, noting blind spots and the locations in the garden from where views into the cottage were possible.  He was back upstairs again, in the cottage’s small guest room when, above the sound of the shower running, he heard a crash from the loo across the hallway.
Sherlock stiffened, “You can’t, John! You could be killed! You have to turn me over! There is no other way!”
John’s eyes filled and he hugged Sherlock close. He whispered down to him, “It’s alright, sweetheart. This is very difficult for you, I know. And I love you too; more than anything, Sherlock.”
This is another short chapter but I promise a nice long chapter for you patient readers at the beginning of next week!
“But…you wish…that...you…were?” It was an astonishing thing to say and John winced inwardly at the verbal flaying he risking, but something in Sherlock’s manner drove him to it.
John finally calmed to quiet weeping and then stillness. Sherlock hoped he might sleep as before but instead, unexpectedly he spoke. "I can tell you what happened in the church."
At John’s order, the sergeant smirked and dropped his catch to the floor, then, before John could prevent him, kicked the small figure across the tent.  With a gasp, the omega landed at John’s feet where it curled up and lay still.  At John’s furious exclamation, the soldier laughed and turned on his heel, departing the tent.
This time at the sound of John’s voice, Blackburn lurched partially upright to grip John’s arms and look up at him. His eyes tearful, he begged between short breaths, “See that Mycroft looks after her… Will you do this for me? Please…!”
The corners of John’s eyes crinkled, he said, “Sometimes not, but always with you, heartsweet, always.” He reached to draw Sherlock’s quilted bag snugly around him to ward off the chill of the night and asked, “You are wide awake again, Ælfscíene?”
The acrid scent of the hospital still clung heavily to John. He needed to be washed and his clothing bagged and binned. Sherlock could purchase him new clothes. He pondered. Perhaps flannel shirts…and cardigans to keep him warm. Yes, as soon as he felt it safe to leave John at the flat he would go to his tailors'. John needed other basics too; he had been discharged with nothing but Sherlock could provide him with everything he needed. It was a pleasurable thought and he smiled out the window as they rounded Piccadilly.
Moving at a pace slow enough for him to manage, John guided Sherlock out of the lay-by and to the main road. He wasn’t concerned about the carnage they left behind; he knew Mycroft would ensure that nothing would be attributed to them. It was unfortunate that Mycroft would learn of his younger brother’s new Omega status in this manner, but there was nothing to be done about it.
“Yes, it’s alright…I’m going to help you.” John went to his aid, grasping his arm and encouraging him back in the direction of the couch.
This small being would not die if John could have anything to do with it!  He lifted the cot in one quick motion and scooped up the still form beneath it.  He kicked the bed back into position and lay his unconscious patient down.  He began emergency procedures; checking airways, heart rate, blood pressure… looking for signs of external bleeding, internal bleeding, concussion... He grasped for the medical kit on the top of his pack and tore it open; pulling out oxygen and a fluid drip.  Working at lightning speed, easy for him after many years of treating the injured in the worst of conditions, he had everything necessary in place and attached to his patient within seconds.
John stopped, surprised and then grinned.  “I must take you with me, Ælfscíene? He chuckled as he saw Sherlock’s sober nod.  “Alright.”  Turning on the night-table light, he wrapped an arm around Sherlock in the sleeping bag and lifted him to carry him to the anteroom.  Here, with Sherlock still held firmly in one arm, he pulled a Hotpack of rations from his kit and returned to the bedroom.  He re-settled Sherlock, whose bright eyes had followed every movement and set the soup to heat.
Sherlock, who had been scanning the room for possible exits from the building they were trapped in, stopped and turned to look. He stared into the corner with an intent expression on his face, the one that indicated he was thinking rapidly. When he finally spoke it was to say abruptly, "John, do something." He then resumed his appraisal of the room, his coat whirling in dark circles around his long legs.
He was certain he’d heard the question correctly but John’s brain drew a blank. A what? He scanned his somewhat scanty knowledge of languages, grasping for the meaning of the expression… it was vaguely familiar… he’d heard something like it a long time ago…
Myths were vanishing into the past these days but were still relevant to understanding the origins of class and social order. Triptolemus was said to have inherited the mothering capacity of Gaia as well as power over seeds and crops, the latter a gift given to him by Demeter, the Goddess of grains and fertility. His Gaia Omega descendants were believed to have the qualities of both the primordial mother and primordial man combined and thus considered sacred. Sherlock should have guessed when he had noted John’s beautiful eyes; deep blue like the heavens and a brown as rich as fertile earth…
Sherlock thought back to his first meeting of John. No wonder John’s bond mark had looked as sickly as it had in the hospital. Sherlock had never seen anything like it but in hindsight of course, it made sense. The bond marks of Gaia were obviously illustrative of their condition under any circumstances.
"I can't help it Sherlock! If only I'd not gone to the church in the first place, if only I'd stayed in the foyer when I got there…if only I could have caught my balance before I fell..."
Sherlock looked as though he was about to argue but thought better of it.  He nodded grudgingly and reclining his head to the back of the couch he closed his eyes once more.
Sherlock did not re-emerge, so John, deep in thought over what had just occurred, cleaned up the kitchen, prepared a pot of tea, made hot buttered toast and carried a tray to Sherlock’s bedroom door where he set his tray down and knocked quietly.
John, startled out of his reverie, jumped in fright as Sherlock banged through the door. Fear was never far from the surface, Sherlock knew. Admonishing himself for frightening him, he halted where he was to give John the opportunity to settle before he approached him.
As John stilled behind him, Sherlock gave a contented hum.  He carefully disengaged himself from John and turned over in John’s arms to look into his eyes.  He smiled brilliantly and said, “I love you too, John.  You are amazing!” He kissed John’s lips. “I’m yours now, right?”
John sat back in his chair and tried to pull his hand from Sherlock's firm grip. Shame flooded his face.
Sherlock welcomed him, drawing him close under his arm as he relaxed against the seatback and watched the lights of the city flow by over John's head.
As John grasped the youth's fingers between his own, he was unexpectedly startled out of his reverie. He raised them from the water to stare at them. Extraordinary! Full syndactyly… He looked quickly to the youth's toes for confirmation; sure enough, they too were unmistakably webbed.
"No, John, it's fine. It's just that I have some information for you if you would like to hear it. I….I'm sometimes not good at timing though, so if this isn't a good time, just tell me, please. I don't want to upset you again…"
Molly greeted them at the lab doors and led them to morgue, flustered and awkward in their presence as though uncertain how to treat the living amongst the cool and silent beings with whom she usually shared this space.  She retreated when they reached the counter but returned moments later with a small bundle, carefully wrapped in delicate blue, cradled in her arms. Nothing of her manner was awkward now; she was confident in this role, her face alight with grace and kindness as she stepped forward to offer John what she held.
That done John turned to study Sherlock’s face. Seeing no sign of readiness for sleep, he suggested, “Tell me about the Dúnælf, the Mountain Elves, leifling.  The Simarine have a special relationship with them?”
before he had to escape back to the bathroom where he received the balm around the door with a mumbled, “Thank you”.
Several nights after John’s painful confession, with John once more in the circle of Sherlock’s arms, they were watching a movie−at least John was. Sherlock, much more interested in John than the movie, was tracing fascinated fingers down John’s forearms counting freckles as he went. Being careful not to distract John, he began a light upward sweep on the inside of John’s arm. To his surprise as his sensitive finger tips passed over John’s pulse, he could feel it quickening. He tried the same thing on the other wrist with the same result. He then placed a light hand on John’s neck and there was no doubt about it; John’s heart rate was significantly elevated. That was curious…
John interpreted, correctly, Sherlock’s request to mean that he should manage the child while Sherlock continued to look for an escape route for them. Unfazed by Sherlock’s blunt manner, he nodded in agreement and took a tentative step toward the corner of the dim room. He crouched on his haunches to say in a coaxing tone, "Hi there. Don't be scared, we want to help you… you need help right?"
Sherlock set his violin aside and took John’s hands, guiding him to the sofa. And because he couldn’t not, he kissed him and smiled. “John, do you know that when you orgasm, you ejaculate?” Nothing like getting straight to the point.
Sherlock allowed himself to think as they rode. He would be relieved to get back to his flat. He found hospitals put him into sensory overload with the glare of lights, always on, and the pervasive odor of disinfectant. At least the revolting stench of Harvey Smith was undetectable on John now, thank heaven. It had made the bile rise in Sherlock's throat resulting in simultaneous urges to gag and tear Harvey apart. The only thing that would have rid Sherlock of this sensation would have been the raw, metallic scent of Harvey's blood flowing from his torn-out throat…and what a pleasure-inducing fantasy that was! Sherlock shook his head, surprised at the turn his thoughts had taken. Perhaps he really was a psychopath after all! But on second thought, he didn't think so; anyone would be forgiven for having such thoughts about Harvey Smith.
Sherlock didn’t break his pace. He said, “I agree John, but I’d like to put a bit more distance between us and the warehouse…”
John’s heart swelled with affection. “You’re more than welcome, Sherlock. You rest now. I’ll take care of you.”
Still more puzzling was Blackburn’s apparent concern for John himself. At one point during the morning, Blackburn had again entreated him agitatedly, “Stay away from James Moriarty! You must listen to me! Can’t you see what is happening!?”
John struggled to remember the few words he knew of his grandmother’s language, “I am a rihtlæce, a doctor. I want to help you. Níedhelp, small one.”
“Hmmm…no matter,” John had reassured him as he took his temperature once again, “next time you’ll know…”
John smiled tenderly and stoked Sherlock’s cheek.  “My love, you've always been mine, isn't that what you said?”
Bright indeed thought John, momentarily taken aback by the startlingly clear blue of the child's eyes. Remarkable that there were actually two humans on the planet with eyes that shade of blue... The boy's hair colour was impossible to judge, it lay on his head in such dirty mats that John looked at Sherlock with alarm.
Mycroft’s reserve cracked. “I’ve heard enough! I expect to see my brother returned safely within 12 hours! Whatever it may take! I’m assigning all the resources available to me to oversee this operation.  You will keep me informed as to every step that is taken to bring him in!”
Out in the open interior of the bunker, with his tactical flashlight in one hand and baton in the other, methodically, John began breaking the latches and throwing the lids off of the ammunition crates. The first line of crates yielded nothing; they were either full of weapons or empty. Growing increasingly desperate, John began on the second row.
What little fight that remained in John after yesterday's events dissolved. Weak and sick, he closed his eyes and withdrew into himself. He had been telling the truth, he really didn't care what happened to him now.
John, although not happy with the conclusion of the conversation, knew he was being warned off, so he said no more, and let the subject drop.
John said self-consciously, "I'm sorry Sherlock I shouldn't have burdened you with my problems like that−"
John smiled.  “Well, I have to admit I’m glad to hear that Sherlock, even though it’s selfish of me…”
John looked up at Sherlock and stroked his cheek. "Then I met you and everything changed – I caught myself dreaming again, Sherlock. I didn't do it on purpose, I didn't even want to because I thought it was impossible but I couldn't stop myself. I began having the same dream as when I was a child; the dream of a mate and children to love and nurture. The only difference was that now my mate had a face." John looked into Sherlock's eyes, a dreamy expression in his own. "Your face, Sherlock."
Blackburn was semi-conscious. He resisted the touch of John’s cool hands on his neck with an uncoordinated fist that narrowly missed John’s nose.
There was silence for a long moment before John said softly, “And he did bring me luck, Sherlock.  He brought me you.”  The expression in his eyes was soft and adoring.
He took a step toward the small cowering figure, wanting instinctively to comfort and protect. But the child was terrified, covering its head with its arms, trying to make itself a small as possible. John stopped, knowing any movement on either of their parts would only terrify it further. He couldn't tell if it was a boy or a girl, it was too young, or too small, he wasn't sure which, and very dirty.
John, in the midst of opening his mouth to say something about the mess December was making with his food, caught Sherlock's eye and shut it again. Of course, he's right, John thought, table manners are the least of the child's worries right now.  He silently thanked Sherlock, who acknowledged it with one of his disarming half-smiles.
For a moment Sherlock was unsure of what had taken place but then, as his vision cleared, he saw John bend, place the gun carefully on the floor again and stand motionless, his arms at his sides, his head bowed and his eyes fixed on the floor.
Sherlock disengaged the wall and moved cautiously to stand behind John.  He said quietly, “John, may I help you? I would like to.”
John probed his mystery patient’s ankle carefully; it was swollen and twisted, certainly sprained, if not broken.  The omega was severely dehydrated too; this was the likely cause of unconsciousness and the racing heartbeat.  He was also extremely thin; John added malnourished to the list of diagnoses.
Sherlock shook his head and laid it against John’s chest.  “Nō, I understand now, Aelfric.” he said softly.
“Shhh… luflíc, it’s alright, it’s alright …” John glanced back at him with a whisper, trying to reassure him at the same time as dealing with the intrusion.
Pride glowing in his face he exclaimed, "December! That's brilliant!" Holding the boy close to his chest, he looked at John across December's sandy coloured head, neat with the exception of several unruly tufts, with an expression of such tenderness on his face that John, his throat suddenly too constricted to speak, could only smile and nod.
It was in the middle of the third night when Sherlock, for once asleep in his room, was abruptly woken by a wailing cry which he quickly ascertained was coming from John's room. He scrambled from his bed, pulled on his dressing gown and took the stairs in twos up to John's bedroom where he pushed open the door and flicked on the light. John was alone; no intruders as Sherlock had almost feared but he was obviously in a bad state, lying curled up, sobbing and clutching his abdomen.
John, clutching Sherlock to him, brought the beam of his torch up to Sherlock’s face to assess his condition. His pallor was frightening but in the glare of the torch John was able to detect the slight movement of his lips as he formed silent words.
Suddenly, he lunged at John with speed and power, knocking him over, and flew to the front door, scrambling and tripping in his haste to reach it.
He was right, he scented them as he approached; three aroused Alphas, drunk with aggression and excitement and Sherlock afraid, yes, but angry too, fighting for his life. John jumped the barricade and landed on the line to see the group up ahead, under the overhang. One of Sherlock’s attackers was dead, his neck broken, but the other three had Sherlock surrounded. The tallest one was belting Sherlock’s wrists together behind his back and forcing him to his knees. A second shorter one was bending forward to leer in his face; as John watched, this Alpha got too close and Sherlock delivered him a head-butt which knocked him onto his back, almost unconscious. A third heavy-set man, who had been standing to one side watching, grinned with amusement. He then said something to the Alpha holding Sherlock and pulled his fully erect cock out of his trousers. He moved to confront Sherlock who hissed and growled something which John could not hear.
John gave a sad smile. "You already have Sherlock. I'm grateful for the kindness you've shown me and I'm trying to be worthy of it. I really am. "
Sherlock looked down at their hands, still linked firmly together. "John, I can tell you something about me. You might be interested…" He looked up to gauge John's reaction. John was still not willing to make eye contact but he nodded.
Sherlock didn’t answer, but his breathing had taken on the ragged sound it had had the previous night. He was terrified.
Waiting another moment, he said, low and husky in Sherlock’s ear, “Or maybe one day you’d like me to give you a blow job.  I’d like it if you came in my mouth, Sherlock…God, I would love that!  I’d swallow your semen and use my tongue to make sure you were completely clean after.  All you’d see and feel would be my mouth around your cock; just me loving you and giving you pleasure.”
"That is what you think isn't it, Sherlock?! That's what everyone thinks about abusive relationships?! Why doesn't he just leave? I know if I was him I'd leave. He must be getting something out of it. Staying is just asking for it. No Sherlock! I was trapped; I had nowhere to go and no one to ask for help! I have almost no rights or legal protection; the few laws there are, Sherlock, are not enforced. There is nowhere to go!"
John, who had picked himself up during Sherlock’s tirade, launched himself at Sherlock with all his strength to try to stop him, knowing that leaving the flat would be disastrous, even fatal, for Sherlock in his present condition as an unprotected, virgin Omega in heat. But Sherlock anticipated him, kicking at him with a lightning-fast foot that shot John across the room to where he banged his head against the skirting board and lay still.
If John wasn’t mistaken there was an unusual tremor in Sherlock’s voice, barely detectable but it caused John even more concern. He opened the door and went in, setting the tea on the nightstand and turning to Sherlock.
"Oh, uh...I understand Sherlock, of course. I'm sorry…I wouldn't ever expect that you, you know…would think of me that way…I'm sorry for presuming it, I really am. After all that you've done for me, I'm just grateful…and actually, I was thinking, now that everything is over, that you need your space again, you know, to do your work. You've been very kind to me, so kind, Sherlock!" John paused and looked up, his expression transparent with awe, but then quickly looked away. "Anyway, it's time for me to think about leave−"
Then he said earnestly, “Sherlock, here, for the first time in my life, I feel happy, like I’m home. With you I feel secure; I can be myself and flourish. So, I don’t want whatever you are talking about. I only want you. I want us.” He sighed, “And now, I’m just going to pretend that you didn’t say any of what you said earlier, except for the I-love-you-John part.”
It was this sweet sigh that was John’s undoing.  The spell that had been weaving its quiet way around him all evening suddenly took firm hold. Reason abandoned him and he found it impossible not to give in to sudden impulse. He rolled onto his side and with an answering sigh, pulled the slight figure bundled in his sleeping bag close to his chest.
As he entered the bedroom John, who had been sitting on the side of the bed, rose with a smile to greet him, turned white and fainted, banging his head on the nightstand as he fell to the floor.
“Nō, nō small one, I’m not going to hurt you.”  John’s tone softened.  “I know I seem threatening but I’m not… I’m just a doctor trying to help you. If you struggle you might hurt yourself and I don’t want that.”
His quiet contemplation was interrupted by a startling, unmistakable moan of pain. He knew immediately that it had come from Sherlock’s room and he sat sharply upright, battle ready, straining to hear any other sound. A moan came again this time louder so he scrambled from bed and quickly descended the stairs to knock urgently on Sherlock’s door.
Something in his tone caught at John’s emotions and he said impulsively, “You have had such difficult and frightening experiences youngling, ic i ámundae; let me care for you and keep you safe from now on. It gives me pleasure to do so.”
Sherlock's face twisted as he sank into the chair across from John. He whispered, “Are you saying that you didn’t mean it when you said you loved me…and wanted me, John?”
“John.” Sherlock said gently, “There is a whole world out there for you to take advantage of. When your identity is known, you will be sought after as a mate and offered a life beyond anything you’ve ever dreamed of. Material comforts and social respect that you deserve, John.”
John stilled and stared at him in utter shock at this outburst. Sherlock, breathing heavily, suddenly stopped his shouting and stared back at John as though he was just as shocked at what he’d said. Then he turned abruptly to drag open the windows and lean out of the flat as if desperate for air. But not before John caught what he realized, incredulously, was the glimmer of tears in his eyes.
“Where is the omega!? What did you do with my prize, you lout?! You only get the seconds; whatever’s left over when I’m good and done with them, understand?”
"Well, boys aren't chickens, so may I call you something else? A real name? Like December maybe." It was the first name he could think of; Mike and his partner had just named their newly adopted baby girl September. And it was Christmas Eve after all so it seemed appropriate. He certainly was not about to call the child anything derogatory.
The effect of Sherlock’s exploring hand on John’s back was startling; he jerked his knees up to straddle Sherlock and rocked his hips forward with a sharp gasp. Thrilled, Sherlock responded by sliding a warm hand under the waistband of John’s pyjamas, cupping him firmly with an open palm and pulling him snuggly against him. With another gasp of pleasure, John shuddered and spread his thighs wide, moaning, “Please,” in Sherlock’s ear in a breathy whisper. Rapidly succumbing to a state of drugged pleasure himself, Sherlock found John’s mouth with his own and, kissing him deeply, he pressed with gentle fingers to where John seemed to want him to touch.
