Howard's glance soften. "It won't help."
"I don't see the issue? Why is there so much anger toward your father? The man I knew-"
Cho laughs as she glances to the door, eyeing it. Though it's impossible to see passed the curtains and blinds blocking their view, shadows and shapes are visible. There're three forms on the other side of the door, and it doesn't take a genius—even if he is one- to know who they belong to. The smaller form leaning against the door is clearly Natasha, while the two larger pacing forms are the Super Soldiers. "I'm sure Barnes and Rogers will see to it that you remain in bed," she says as she turns back to him.
Natasha didn't say anything and just nodded, but her stare was intense and it dug deep into Steve's soul.
Feeling light headed, she sat down on the closest chair. Toni told herself it was because of the lack of sleep and her body couldn't keep up. It wasn't because Howard was blind siding her. "I would know that?" she uttered with as much confusion as she could. "And my name is S-"
"Miss, are you okay?" She could hear the stranger run to her and she could feel his hand on her. "Please answer me."
There were a few things running the genius' head after hearing that. One, that send chills down her spine. Two, why did Russian sound scary? Seriously, he could be saying he brought roses and it would sound scary. Also, what the hell? He wouldn't hurt her? Why would he say such a thing to her? That was very stalky, if you asked her, and flashing back to WW2, it sent shivers down her shine. It brought up memories she didn't want to recall. Was that why he waited to shoot?
What else did her CEO have to say? Toni thought they had made their peace and had come to an understanding, so why was Pepper calling now? Did she change her mind? Was she quitting? Ending everything? Was she giving up completely? Toni just thought she just needed space, but did she want more than just space? "Fine, put her through, but it better be important. She's interrupting my special time with Stevie, and I need my special time!"
"A what?" Howard asked, clearly confused but yet still wearing a smile.
Toni didn't open her eyes. "I'm fine, Agent Carter," she stated. Her voice was shaky and she hoped no one noticed.
He smiled while bowing to her. "Au revoir," he said. Toni responded with nothing as she watched him walk away, but she knew it wasn't over with. She was too attached to the people of this time...and that was a problem.
"Steve," Clint replied, his voice heavy. "I'll not rest until I find our genius. I promise you this, but…" He drifted off, looking for the right words. "They have her."
"Don't Toni me," the genius snapped, glaring back at her. "I'm sick and tired of people Toni-ing me." With that, Toni bolted out of their quarters, toward the huge aircraft.
"So are you going to tell me how it protects your heart?"
"Well if you need help, let me know. I can be useful, though I have no idea of what that device really does besides hating me. Must take after you." He was eyeing her.
Refusing to look at her hands—apart of her belief system that if she didn't acknowledge it, it wasn't happening-, she knew she was getting frost bit (or something very closed to it). She also knew if she didn't get out of this extreme weather or get a jacket of some kind, she would be in trouble. Though she could tell what the exact temperature was (not without JARVIS. She wasn't a weather nut), she could tell it was butt-ass cold, which was the only thing she needed to know in her opinion, and with the snow falling heavily around her, anyone could confirm. It would become deadly if she didn't find shelter or something soon. This she knew very well, but she had no hope that she would be able to build a fire or shelter; she was not a girl scout.
"Sure, they're lot of pretty dames," he stated. "But none are as special as you." He took another step toward her. "A bet just for you." His smile turned creepy if it wasn't already, and it sent chills down her back. "You know you want it."
"Well, when you make your own dinosaurs, you can make them look any way you want, Tones," the Colonel says, softly.
He also didn't like the way that Fury was talking to Toni. It was uncalled for, and Steve was close to snapping at him. No one was allowed to talk to her like that, even if she brought it upon herself.
However, there was a problem with that. She knew well enough that the Colonel Phillips wasn't going to allow her to take the Tesseract off base or even use it, but she would have to try. If he did, she had to find a place that was stable enough to withstand the waves. But first, she needed her device.
*O*O*
He asks himself. Now, they will leave him alone.
She really didn't like how he said the word home. He had no idea of what home was. "Why would I promise you anything? And why would I especially promise you something when I'm not sure what it is that I am promising?" He wasn't being forthcoming and she wasn't stupid. He knew if she knew what he wanted, she wouldn't give him shit.
"Hey, Tony," Barnes utters into his hair, holding him close. His fingers dances up his arms, caressing him softly.
The expressed on Jim's face morphed. "Where the fuck is Rogers? Did he do something? Do I have to beat his ass?"
Toni laughed at that, drawing the Captain's attention. That was one thing that never changed about him; he never knew how to talk to a woman.
Tony's eyes drifts over Rogers, taking him in. He's wearing low riding sweats and a tight shirt that he can't look away from. "No."
FIRST I WOULD LIKE TO SAY: Don't get use to back to back updates. Haha. You are just lucky.
The end for Now:
Clint took a deep breath as his eyes rested on Toni for a few long seconds. "Take care of her. I mean it, Rogers," he said before he turned and walked up the steps.
Steve looked down. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have."
"Just a lot on my mind, Cap," he says. "Why don't you go tell Barnes his food is just as good as ever?"
God, Toni would've eaten these idiots alive if she was in the right mindset. She would've roasted them, and Clint would be laughing at the destruction she left behind. However, she wasn't. He wanted to ignore it, pretend that the genius was okay, but they all noticed the ghost lingering in her eyes. They had noticed the fake smile that she sported. They noticed her guilty eating her alive. She was drowning in it, and it was clouding her judgement, making her doubt herself. Making Tony think she was crazy. Clint doubt she could kick Rollins and friends' asses in her current state, which worried the Archer.
Trying get over her fear, Toni gave him a confused look as she pulled the suit jacket tighter. "So do you want me to talk? Or not? Geez, Rogers. Make up your mind."
Toni wouldn't admit that she enjoyed this, because she wasn't supposed to. She shouldn't be enjoying this. "You're-"
Toni turned to him with a huge smile. As they were on the edge of camp and there was no one around, she felt comfortable enough to hardcore flirt. She wanted to prove to Peggy that she could get Barnes whenever she wanted. "Why don't you tell me how much?" She asked seducingly as she tipped toe up and whispered into his ear.
"JARVIS, is it possible that the device could've sent Toni back in time?" It could be possible, if the right portal was created, and maybe that device did that.
incident. There was still a perfectly shaped hole in the center of the room, which was what Toni's attention was glued on. The device did have a ten foot range, which was the size of the hold, but something didn't make sense. If she thought back to her painful arrival in the past, the ten foot range was a perfect sphere, taking everything above and below. The hole in front of her was evident to that.
"I got to go," she said, stepping to the door.
Natasha wasn't a science genius, but she knew her way around a computer. She had helped Bruce for a few hours before leaving with Clint to see Director Fury, who might be able to locate Toni. Director Fury had an uncanny ability to find anyone though no one had any idea of how that was, but the Avengers weren't going to complain now. They needed to find one of their own.
a victim."
Why was it so hard to stand here? He was bursting to tell her everything, even if he knew that was stupid, but he wished he had some time to prepare meeting her, so he wasn't like this. Why did he have to be like this? Why did she reduce him to this? How did she do it? His legs felt like jello under her stare.
Clint's eyes snapped to Bruce, trying to read his face. "Really what? Come on! Someone has to tell me what happened?" he asked with a pouty face. "It's not fair you two have this silent communication going on! Nat!"
The End for now:
"Good," he replied, as that was definitely what he wanted to do. She needed a boast, and he would gladly give it to her. He would gladly do anything for her.
She asked herself as she had proved herself right, though she wasn't sure why she was doing this. Was it to show Peggy or herself? Then there was another question, did Barnes really care or did he just see her as something to conquer? "I can distract everyone with my wilds," she stated as she mockingly flipped her hair and pushed out of his arms.
"No," Toni muttered.
Plus, it's funny to watch them. There was this one time that Bucky almost strangled Jim for daring to take a seat next to Tony. The genius was laughing the whole time as Bucky forcibly dragged the War Machine's stiff Pilot out of the spot by his feet. Steve was sniggering too as Tony curled up against him; however, the Captain wasn't so pleased when Natasha did the same thing to him the next movie night. Unlike with Rhodes, there's no dragging the Black Widow out of a spot… well unless you have a death wish.
That sickening feel was back, followed by a deep anger, and Sharon had to force herself to remain calm. She couldn't allow her emotions to show. Even if she wanted to take this traitor down, she must let him believe that she trusted them, trust SHIELD. "I will have to check in on her."
punk before I break your arm."
With that and without saying another word, she turned from him and continued toward Howard and her device. Talking to him made her go crazy and she refused to do so for anything longer.
"You called me here, so you can talk about my rel- friendship with Barnes?" she asked, refusing to say the word relationship. They did
"Good," Dugan stated. "Why are you here, Steve?" He was eyeing Steve, belief still in his eyes. "I'm know it isn't to catch up, though I would like that. You can pretend to be my grandson and help me with these ladies."
Hearing more footsteps, Toni knew someone was walking toward the door. She didn't want them to find her listening, because she didn't want the looks from them and she didn't want to talk about her father. And she really didn't want to speak about it with Rogers, who had already gotten into an argument with her over her father.
"He's having a difficult time getting power to it to see what it's supposed to do. Every time he gets any power to the device, it burns out everything connected to do it. Either he can't find enough power or there is short in the device and it is overloading everything around it," Peggy stated. "If only, we can get her to talk. That device could be useful against Hitler."
Breathing heavily, she unsteadily got to her feet and turned from the ghost. She knew he wasn't there. Not really, but the look from Barnes cut her in half. Fighting a losing battle, she tried once more to push him out of her mind, as she reached for her phone. In her panic and her shaky, sweaty hands, it slipped from her grasp, which did nothing for her nerves. With each drop, it was harder to breath; she was gasping for air. Covered in sweat, it took her a few attempts to unlock the phone. Heart in her throat, she called Steve. "Come on," she begged; tears started to fall. "Steve," she cried as the phone went to voicemail. She knew it was a long shot, as he went radio silent when on assignment. Hearing his voicemail pick up, she ended the call forcefully, as she tried to force back the sheer panic raising inside her.
Toni smiled. "Oh, so much work." Before she knew it, she was pinned to the wall while laughing her ass off. Steve, the Strong, Loyal, Serious Captain America, was tickling her, and it didn't seem like he had any interest in stopping. "I-if I…pee m-my pa-nts, I-m kic-king y-your…ass," she said, struggling to get it out of his hands.
Toni let out a sigh before she replied, "I SLEEP!"
"Are you crazy?" he asked.
"Bucky," Steve says, cutting him off. There's a soft warning in his voice.
Howard ignored her question and kept talking. "I was thinking we could use the Tesseract to give the device a jump and use the core to stabilize it through transport." His eyes were back on the device, studying it with great detail.
"Toni?" Steve called again, concern in his voice.
Toni looked down at her materials. "No, I'm not." She wasn't sure what she could tell him, because she wasn't really sure what had happened. At first, she thought he was Colonel's tail, but now, she didn't think so. She doubted the Salty wanted her dead. Scared yes, but dead, no. He needed her for something. She closed her eyes as this could've been a trick and she was never in any real danger, but that couldn't be right.
He held his face, which was turning red. "I just thought that-"
"I see that, but why?"
He turned to her. "First, I don't believe anything that you are saying, and two, why would I kill the project? I fully support this program and as you say, it will produce."
"Didn't say that," Rhodes responded. "I think you two will work out, so I'm not worried; however, if you do hurt her, I'll hurt you. I won't kill you. Can't kill a National idol, but nothing wrong with maiming you. I won't touch your pretty face."
"Yeah, Peggy." Steve replied, softy.
Putting the magazine down, she reached for her cold beverage and took a slip. Her eye twitched as she tasted the lemonade, which seemed to be missing something. She took another slip and swirled it around in her mouth as to figure out what was missing. "Where's the alcohol?" she asked annoyed. She glared and whirled the glass, spilling some of the liquid on her. "J.A.R.V.I.S." she yelled, annoyed. She wanted alcohol, damn it. "Hello, J.A.R.V.I.S." She yelled again, when he didn't answer her. Why didn't that stupid AI answer her?
, because I don't think Stark will put up much of a fight in this state. You're the only one would be able to convince Stark to stay."
Toni shook her head, feeling like an idiot. Why was she acting like his? She wasn't normally like this. "I just-"
She could hear Steve yelling at her, begging her to stop running, but she couldn't stop. She couldn't, not with everything that had happened. It was killing her to face him, while she tried to hold everything in. Why was it so easy for him to break through her shields? She had worked years to build them, and with one look, he could bring them all down. For that, she hated him. How could he do this to her? How could he love her? She couldn't understand how that was possible.
Once again, she was staring at his back and it so frustrated her. Why did he have to be like this? And people thought she was stubborn. "Fine, Steve," she stated, looking away from him.
"You're impossible, Stark," Romanoff said, with a sigh, as she turned back to the reporter, who had taken that moment to dash away. Either of them could've stopped the man, but no one chased after him, knowing it was best to let him go. "You know that photo of Rogers and you kissing is going to be on the six o'clock news."
The Asset's eyes dropped from the Politician and turned back to the window. New York was a city that never slept, and even if it was past midnight, the streets were filled with people. Everywhere he looked there was someone, and he detested it. He didn't hate a lot of things, but he wasn't a fan of people or crowds. There were too many factors and variables in a large crowd; people were hard to predict. They didn't listen or follow any logical. They refused to do what they were supposed to do. They didn't follow orders like he did. They disobeyed, and it annoyed the Asset. If he had to listen, then they had to listen. It was how the world work—or should work. It made things simpler.
It felt like she was having a heart attack, as her mind wouldn't work and her heart was skipping a beat. She pulled the jacket around her, barely recalling Spector pulling it around her shoulder. How was this happening? How did he know what was going to happen? "What?"
"Can you tell me where Toni is? Is she's sleeping?" he asked, hoping that she was asleep even if at the time he didn't.
"Who are you? Where's Toni?" he asked. If she knew he was alive, she would be here with him like she always was when he needed her. She would be here, telling him what was going on.
Spector had a hint of uncertainly in his eyes, and it only grew with that line. "Okay, Miss Stark, but if you need anything else, here is my card?" he said, holding out his business card for her to take.
"Yea, I don't know how I feel about that," she admitted, eyeing him. Her hand played with the handle to her gun, which was still holstered. She hadn't disarmed, which was rare if she did, because she was hardly without a weapon.
Let me know what you think.
"Does it matter? They won't want to eat you anyways," Clint replies. "You probably don't taste good."
Howard was waiting for Rogers by the shields. "I got a few things for you," he stated as he patted the table. He smiled and stated, "And by the way, fondue is just cheese and bread, my friend."
"I don't know what you're talking," Steve said, stiffly. Why was everyone interested in his love life? It felt like everyone else were more interested in his engagement than Toni…no, that did not hurt…Okay, it did. He knew his relationship wasn't going to easy, but man, it felt like all he did was fight. Shit, what did that say about their relationship? He just wished Toni would let him in.
Toni jumped to her feet and stepped toward the hooligan. "Do you know who I am?" she demanded, her voice cold. She wasn't sure if it was because of the ass in front of her or her throbbing shoulder. The sudden movement flexed her muscles uncomfortably. For a second, she wished she hadn't asked Romanoff to train her, but if it wasn't for the kick ass moves that the assassin had shown her, Toni would've regretted the training with the Black Widow.
The assassin gave her a look. "If I see any non-Iron Man-"
Tony almost jumps, though he'll never admit that to anyone. "Tasha," he utters as he turns his head slightly to the left to look at the master Spy. She's sitting crossed legged in the chair with her head resting on her hand. "Come to tuck me in? Here to play nurse? I would ask that you to put on the uniform but I expect you to skin me alive if I do."
This is why he hides—no, not hides. He does
"Sark," Phillips stated with a warning tone.
He took a deep breath before he answered, "I thought it was obvious. I have seen the way you two look at each other and then there's the fact that he never left your hospital bed unless he had to."
Eyes flickering to her boyfriend, Toni eyed him. She kind of liked the jealous look on Rogers, as it was hot as hell, but the Captain had nothing to be jealous about. There was no way in hell that she would ever go for Rumlow, especially since he had been stalking her. For that, she wanted to throw him off the cliff and watch him splat. "Like he has a chance. I don't date Stalkers, especially SHIELD ones," she said, glaring at him.
*O*O*
Toni let him have his fun, as she caught a few pointed looks. She was so not in the mood for teasing. Even if she was feeling ill, she was ready to beat someone's face in.
"You just want to touch this, let's face it." She motioned to her body, which looked amazing even in the loose fitting military uniform. To cover the reactor's glow, she was wearing a long sleeve shirt under a loose fitting short sleeve one. Her cargo military pants were tucked in her boots and belted at her natural waist, which was annoying as it made her feel like a grandma. She had never worn pants that high. Dog tags, with her fake last name, hanged around her neck, worrying her slightly as it clanged whenever it bounced off the reactor. Thought it wasn't loud, it was noticeable, or… maybe it wasn't. She may have only noticed it because she knew there.
"Yes, Sir," Steve answered as he followed after the Colonel without a second thought.
"Sir, you might want to shut that off," Rumlow replied, staring at the TV.
"Behave, Toni, and take care of her, Steve, since I can't. I'm counting on you."
"She didn't have a good relationship with her father," Romanoff stated. "I can understand, so for her sanity, just drop it." Romanoff wasn't her biggest fan, so it was something to hear her defend Toni.
"Why can't you?" Steve asked. He had no idea of how to do that, but he knew it can be done.
Anyhow, I hope you liked the chapter.
Sighing, he walked to the door. "I see you aren't going to cooperative with us. I wanted to do this the easy way. I would like not to interrogate a woman. "
Natasha smiled as she brought her glass to her lips. She said nothing as she took a long slip. Clint gave her a look before eyeing the Captain. "You have to tell us now!" he replied, loudly and annoyed.
The chair was the most uncomfortable chair on the planet and no matter which way she moved, Toni could not find a comfortable position. I wish I could put my feet up, she thought as she couldn't t kick her feet up like she wanted. The pain, which was controlled by medication, was still present, and it was still bothersome, making it hard to think. She needed to have a clear mind if she wanted to beat those asshats. Toni glanced around the room, trying to clear to her mind from the pain.
"But-"
Taking deep breaths, she failed to calm herself down and tears started to fall. "I'm an idiot," she thought. He could've done anything he wanted, and it wasn't for that kind stranger, he could have.
Steve smiled weakly. "Can't we just stay in? I'd rather be here…with you." His voice was soft.
Finding themselves in Sam's guest room, Steve wasn't sure what to tell Natasha, not that he was in the right mindset. Like her, his mind was all over the place, and he could not make heads or tails out of anything, not that he could focus on anything. Zola's words kept replaying in his head like a track on repeat: "Stark's New role." It felt like someone had punched him
The next thing she knew she was being pulled from the hot water and thrown to the ground. Though she was dazed and confused, her body shook, and she coughed painfully as she tried to fill her lungs with air. She choked up the water in her lungs, but she couldn't catch her breath. However, she wasn't able to understand that yet. Her brain didn't start to focus until the Hydra Soldier picked her up and slammed her down on a table, and she couldn't truly understand what was happening until she was strapped.
Maybe, if she ignored him, he would go away. With a deep breath, she picked up the case and stepped to one of the work benches. She didn't know if it was her or not, but the case felt light in her hands.
"I do not hate you, Stark," Wanda replies. "And I do not wish to cause you pain."
He learned forward and pulled out a clear bag and a yellow envelope. In the clear bag was her cell phone, and in the other were photos of her stupid device. "These are the only things were found on you, and they aren't like anything we seen before."
He stated at him for a few seconds. "Fine," he agreed as flames started to engulf the base, which signaled that they did not have time to fight. They had to get the hell out of this place.
Fury crossed to his desk and stared at the papers on it. "Loki has the ability of illusions, and he has a vast knowledge of portals that no one else has."
"Warning about what?" Toni asked, still eyeing Steve.
"Schmidt's nickname," she answered as Rogers came into view.
he thought, which took his breath away. He couldn't imagine himself not loving her, and it could change the past completely and they could end up losing the war. They had to have won the war before she interfered, right?
"But I'm your boyfriend, so I get to do this." He replied, burying his face into her now dry hair.
she thought to herself.
Toni's eye brow raised. "I think you're special."
As Steve helped her to her feet, he held her close, not letting her out of his arms. "You better as I'm never letting go," he said, holding her. She leaned in and gave him another kiss, but this one was heavier than before. Steve's hands traveled to her lower back, pressing her against him. His fingers brushes against her soft skin; however, before anything it could get any heavier, they were interrupted with a loud thud.
"Easy… Need…her…Mas…Loki…" her Stalker stated, walking toward the two women.
"Understood," Steve stated, putting down the tablet. He stared off, thinking.
Hello,
And sorry for the lack of Steve, who would be missing from the next chapter as well. :( However, it seemed like Howard made it through this chapter without being beaten by Toni. You think he will make it through the next in one piece?
Toni kept back her growl as she held the letter tightly in her hand. On one hand, she knew she should go back to the tower, as there were some questions that she needed to answer and have answered. Plus, there was no doubt that the team was worried. On the other hand, she had no interest in facing anyone. She wanted to hide in her lab, though she kept telling herself that she had to face it. Even if it pained her, her father was right. "Where's Steve?" she asked, not wanting to see him at all.
Steve reached his hands out to catch Dugan if he were to fall. It struck him how old Dugan was as he looked like he was going to fall over at any second. He didn't know how he could handle the fact that all of his friends and allies were either dead or close to death like Dugan. He couldn't watch them die. "Yes."
Dugan stepped passed Jones. "I thought you would be happy to see us. I feel unloved."
Just like that, it felt like his mind had exploded. "What?" he asked, unable to wrap his mind around what the agent had said. Was he saying what Steve hoped he was saying? Was Toni really back? Has she returned to him?
He was getting really sick of her insults, and it was getting harder and harder to control his temper. With his fists balled at his side, he stared at her as he tried to calm himself. His anger had taken a hold of him that he didn't realized that he started to refer to her as Stark again. "You're the one throwing insults," he said, through his teeth. It felt like his heart was breaking.
Taking a few more deep breaths, Toni attempted again it clear her mind, but all she saw was a nightmare. Because of this, it took her few
"You're flirting with me now?" she hissed. "You got some nerves." How could he be flirting with her after what he had done? Did he think she would be weak at the knees if he flirted with her? "And I can take care of myself!"
"I was undercover at the time, and if I did, she wouldn't have wanted me around," Natasha responded with her arms folded across her chest. "I couldn't have helped it. She was emotionally unstable at the time."
Bucky and Steve circles the genius, putting him between them. "You'll never be a second choice to us. Sure, Stevie and I knew each longer, but you aren't any less. You mean everything to us, Doll Face."
The Super Soldier listened to him, getting angrier with each passing second but he refused to let it show as he had a mission to do even if it was his fault. They should have let it in the ocean, but it was too late now and he had to stop it before it did any more damage.
He did not miss Natasha glaring at Clint, yelling at him through her yes, as he left the group in his dust. At least, he knew Barton was going to get his ass handed to him as soon as Romanoff had him alone, and that almost made him smile.
He couldn't believe he just did that; he just called her by her first name, which he knew she didn't like. First names were for people whom knew each other; first names were earned with her. They were an honor, which he had earned in the past but not now. Why did he mess up like that? Now, she would never like him.
Toni stood up and started to pace. "I don't want to talk about my father!" She yelled. "So just go away."
"What is with you and Christmas trees?" Toni asked as she stared at a very large Christmas tree in her living room. Like the one in the tower, this tree was real and it was large, taking up a very large spot in her beach mansion. Toni could only stare at the tree, wondering where the hell Steve got it. Sure, Toni had a few Christmas Trees, but they were fake, and they didn't smell like
"He's a friend."
It was the sound of slapping leafs and falling stones that caught Toni's attention. It wasn't extremely loud, but she heard it. For a split second, Toni thought it was Steve but thought better of it. There was no way that the Good Captain could have made it to her in that short amount of speed. He wouldn't have beaten the suit here, which was impossible even at his top speed. He was fast but not that fast.
"Would you tell me if she did?" he asked, annoyed. He wasn't sure what he was getting at, because there was no way that Stark could have altered it herself. Even if she did, why would she?
"You believe-"
The Captain tried to control his flinch at the sound of his first name from Banner's lips. For some reason, it annoyed him to hear it. They were not friends, especially with Toni flirting with the scientist right in front of him. He wasn't sure if this was normal for Stark or whether she did this to everyone, but he did not like it. "Just find the cube," Steve said, coldly.
"Oh, will she now?" Steve replied, a smile growing on his face. "I might not let her go in that case."
"I need you."
"My former boss, Mr. Litt, didn't believe Mr. Stark when he came to him. How would he know where his teenage daughter would be in a decade or so? However, it seems like he did. Your father was an interesting man."
"Toni," came Sharon's response.
"I am."
"Remind me again how you made your fortune, Stark?" Fury said to her.
So the only thing in her mind that she could do was call her secure servers, which was the only thing Toni trusted right now. She just hoped Steve was smart enough to look there, though knowing him it was a long shot. However, she waited nonetheless until she heard the beep, and as she waited, her heart raced, almost popping out of her chest at points. Until the call connected, everything inside of her was telling her it wasn't going to, and she was close to falling apart. And when she heard: "Now transferring to all known receivers," she relaxed, though it wasn't for long.
back.
"That's strange for a Spy to say."
"Yes," she replied. She wasn't sure why, but she was going to find out.
His face got red again. "N-No," he stuttered.
Toni turned. "Next time you touched my ass, I will shove your foot up your ass," she hissed as she watched him wobbled away. Shaking her head, she turned to Steve, who had gotten to his feet. "Steve, are you okay?" she asked, reaching out to him. Steve stared at her hand before walking away. "What's wrong?" she asked.
*O*O*
Fury glanced between the Soldier and the Engineer. "Well you and Soldier Boy are on all the gossips sites, Stark. It's kind of hard to miss."
Toni cut Howard off before he could finished. "Join the club," she replied, closing the case.
Steve let out a loud sigh, interrupting her, as he got to his feet. "Toni," he uttered, giving her a look before turning to Romanoff. "What's the mission? Is it the Mandarin?"
Her eye twitched again. She did
"As you wish."
Again, he allowed the silence to overcome them as he looked away, but this time it wasn't him who broke the silence. It was Toni as she opened the box. "ID tags," she uttered.
"Come on. Stop being Stubborn. Breath, you fool!" This was a different voice, and this voice annoyed her in less than two seconds. She was no fool and she would prove it.
"Captain Rogers?" Her fear was growing.
it, and she had no interest in ever leaving the suit. For all she cared, everyone else could be damned, well besides Steve. He could be everything. Could be whatever he wanted…
Toni crossed to the table. "I need to accompany the troops."
Shaking her head, she glanced over her shoulder at Howard, who was working on something. At his sides were a couple of lab techs in lab coats. He was working on something that Toni didn't know anything about. Yes, he probably would've told her if she asked, but she didn't want to know. She watched as Howard spoke to his techs, pointing at some of the tools on the walls. His laugher broke across the room at something that one of the techs said in response. Howard patted him on the back and told him something, which Toni couldn't quite make out from this distance. She eyed her father as he returned to the welder in front of him.
"I was mistaken about you at first," he replied with a sexy smile and wink. "But you can tell me if someone's bugging you."
Sassy Pants stepped back as if she had been shot and just stared wide eye at Toni unsure of what to say.
"No, just upset that I didn't get to see mini me. Think of all the ways I could have influenced young me," she replied.
Tony can taste the tension, as everyone leans forward in their seats, ready for a fight. Wanda and Vision are in full alert, ready to step in at a second notice. Natasha hasn't moved an inch, though her grip tightens on the genius, and she's scrutinizing every movement. "I'm fine, Cap," Tony says softly, hoping that his answer will cut down the hostility in the room. "And, I'm good. Don't need anything."
"There are a few dames, who I think of, that are," Bucky countered, with a chuckle. "But, what do you expect to do with that girl? If I remember correctly, she was looking for a homeless shelter."
Toni let out a huff of annoyance as she turned toward Peggy, who was giving her a look. She hated that look she received from Peggy whenever she did something wrong. "Can I help you?" Toni asked, annoyed at Peggy had interrupted them. Toni wasn't sure what she had interrupted, but it was still frustrating. Toni took a deep breath.
She would've been her worry free self, and she would be able to get on her with her damn life.
Barnes knew he had to be losing it; he had to have gone crazy. There was no way Steve was that big. The Steve he left at the apartment wasn't even half the size of the man in front of him. How could he have possibly gotten that big? If he believed in magic, he might've believed that Steve was a witch doctor of some kind. "I thought you were smaller," he finally said as Steve came into focus.
"You missed a personnel file," Steve stated as he marched behind Fury, his eyes drilling into the back of Fury's head.
she thought to herself.
"You say 2013?"
*O*O*
The Asset took a deep breath as he watched the Brunette threaten some unknown terrorist, which the Asset groaned at. Was she stupid? Taking a few deep breaths, he couldn't stop the growing irritation at the Brunette, who had no idea about how to be tactical or strategic. He had to fight the urge to yank her from the crowd and hide her somewhere secure. He couldn't understand how someone as smart as she could be so fucken stupid. How could his handlers want someone like her? With her tack and recklessness, she could tank a mission before anyone could realize what she had done? She probably couldn't keep her mouth shut long enough to listen and take orders, probably talking someone's ears off.
She shivered in his arms as her nails dug into her palms. "T-thought…I saw…s-someone," she said, softly. Her voice was almost so soft that he could barely hear her.
Toni smirked as light blush formed on Steve's cheeks, which Toni couldn't help but find attractive. "Oh, you are just jealous," she replied as she stuck out her tongue at him.
"Toni," he stated, with a chuckle; he wasn't listening to her demand.
*O*O*
When they arrived at the lab, Banner with eyes on the lab's door was sitting in a chair waiting for them and Rogers with a hard expression was still sitting on the edge of the hole. "About time," Banner stated as the assassins entered the room. "I was starting to worry about you guys."
Anyhow, Hoped you enjoyed this chapter!
His heart races, know what she's referring to
When she couldn't stare anymore, she would take a long walk around the camp, which Phillips wasn't too happy about, but he didn't stop her. After the long stride, she would return to the tent and curl up in a ball under the blanket. She would play with a wrench as she would try to close her eyes and sleep, which would work only for a few seconds before she was staring off again. When Peggy woke for the day, Toni would listen to her movements, which relaxed her for some odd reason. It allowed her to drift.
Erskine looked at her. "What does it do?" he asked.
"Excuse me?!" Toni hissed, huffing in anger. "I don't know the who the hell you think you are." At her boiling point, she reached for her phone. "But you can tell Pierce he can fuck himself."
Pepper glanced toward Barton as he poured himself a drink. "I'm good." She wasn't in the mood to talk to any of them, because in her mind, they all were at fault for whatever happened to Toni. As soon as she could, she was taking Toni and bringing her back to Malibu no matter what the brunette said. She couldn't let her stay here anymore.
The genius almost flinched at the voice, as the chair was suddenly removed from her leg. "What?" she asked, as the blood went rushing back to her legs. Her legs were tingling and it was almost painful. As if on their own, her eyes wandered back to the spot where the Bucky Lookalike stood, and she could feel the urge to go after him, though he knew it was completely stupid. If she did go after the stranger, it would prove that she was crazy, which she was not. Could not be! Damn it all and her fucking legs.
Who could she call? Who would care enough to pick up? Maybe, Barnes was right? She was worthless, and the world be better off without her. Feeling completely alone, the phone slipped from her hand, and she dropped to her knees hard. She wanted it all to stop. She just wanted Bucky to stop. "I can see it," she uttered, her voice cracking.
"I would, so I can beat the person who taught you. At this rate, you'll be taken all of me money," Montgomery Falsworth stated as he placed his cards down on the table.
Peggy studied her. "Yes. A prisoner has escaped."
"Mr. Spector." Her tone was anything but nice.
The Private glanced at Peggy before focusing on Toni and giving her a look. "Something private, Agent. It's none of your concern," he stated through his teeth.
"Who do you want?" Steve asked, reaching her.
And on a different Note: I am not sure I can take Captain America: Civil War. Have you see that trailer? It killed me. Angst! The Angst! If I make it that far in this story, I am not sure my chapters can make it.
"What was that dream of yours about, Lady Toni?" he asked.
Seeing her reach for the device, he set it down on the table. "About you," he stated, staring at her. "When was the last time you got some sleep?"
After a few long minutes and before she could pull away, there was a knock at the driver window. As soon as the window was down, Harley said, quickly, "You're welcome!"
Steve's hand dropped from face to her arm. "We wouldn't want that."
She felt his hands drop and him dodge. "Hey!" he yelled. Opening her eyes, she throw another punch at him and he was able to dodge that too. "What the hell?"
Sharon glanced own for a second, remembering what she was wearing. "I had a shift." She said, plainly.
"Then what do you want to watch?" Steve asks as he sets two large bowls of popcorn on the table. Knowing how much the Avengers eat, it probably won't be enough.
She wasn't sure why that was so important to her, but she kept thinking it.
"No, it's not," Howard said, interrupting her. "And you would."
"Hey, Doll, where you go?" he asked.
"He's a soldier."
"A call won't help," She mutters, sadly. She needed
It touched her to hear that from Barnes, but she didn't need or that. What she needed was to get back to her time, and in order to do that, she needed to break into Stark Industries. She didn't have time to worry about her emotional state. Toni took the phone out of her pocket and stared at it. She closed her eyes as she slid down the wall and sat in the corner. Though she would deny it aggressively to anyone who asked, she was panicking. Tears poured from her eyes and she was having a hard time breathing.
*O*O*
"And it's our—no, my fault that we didn't tell you sooner. I thought we would scare you away if we moved too fast, but it was the other way around." Steve pauses for a second to take deep breath. "I should've told you. We should've told you." He puts on a smile as he says, "I love
Steve gave her a look as he laughed loudly. "Oh, really?"
"You seem to be in better a mood than before," he stated with a smile.
Howard gave her look but before he could respond, Peggy came back and said, "We're good. All of the guards are at the posts and there's no one in the camp besides us."
Trip laughed. "See, Grandpa. I can't disappoint the famous Toni Stark."
"I don't share well," Barnes states with a grin.
Howard laughed. "Probably."
He did try at first to kill her when his handlers had given him the case, though it was without success. At the time, she was in her lab, working on one of her many suits, and while she worked, she had been blind to the world. Her eyes so focused on tech in front of her that she couldn't hide her emotions, and the expression on her face stopped him cold. She didn't work on these suits because she was smart enough to do so—well not fully-, but rather, she did it to ease her mind. She did it to get her mind off her troubles. She did it to through the night.
He laughed, taking a step toward her. "There's a bet to who can get you into bed first," he stated.
He was playing with her and that pissed her off. She had no interest in playing this game with him. "You," she stated waving the wrench again.
Once more, she forced herself to think of Steve as she pushed herself to her feet. Her entire body ached, and her arms shook like a level 7 earthquake. Her legs were seconds from giving out on her, and her famous brain was failing her right now. A woman, who had saved the world countless times, was terrified- petrified, and nothing she could do curb that fear. She did her best to keep calm, but it was like someone had taken a blade to her heart, cutting it into pieces.
"Just open it," he replied, infuriated.
In growing fear, she shakily tried to move her arms, but they were tied securely behind her and there was no wiggle in the chains. The only thing Toni could do was lift her head to look around the room, but she couldn't make anything out but fuzzy shapes. It was, however, painfully quiet in the room and the only thing she could hear was the pounding of her own heart in her ear.
"Crap Science," Tony mutters as he tries to be as small as he can. "Dinosaurs don't look like that."
He rested his head on hers as he reached for the fallen sheet to wrap around Toni's naked form. "Why don't you tell me about your dream? Or not. Just talk to talk, Sweetheart. Just talk," he said, as he started to rock her back and forth. "Just let me heart your voice."
Steve gave her a look, as he tied the pull straps on the shorts. "I don't need to see anyone else to know that. I don't need anyone else to know how I feel. I don't
Peggy wiped the sweet from her forehead. Even though she was a mess, she was still composed. "I'm fine."
"You think I would leave my little girl?" he asked. "Not when she has worked to do?"
"Well, Steve and I haven't come up with anything yet," she teased. She squeezed his shoulder.
He pushed away from the wall and stared down at his waterlogged hands. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath before he stepped out of the shower and crossed to the towel, which looked rather plain compared to the rest of the bathroom, sitting on the counter. He couldn't even begin to explain how this bathroom looked like, but it did look like it came directly out of an expensive magazine.
Eyeing her plate, he was amazed the food wasn't everywhere. "Did no one teach you manners?" Salty asked. His face changed suddenly as if he just remembered something from their earlier conversation. "I'm s-"
Feeling his own heart race, Steve didn't know what Toni was trying to get at, but he remained quiet, waiting for her to finish. He knew she needed to get it out, even if it broke him to hear it. This was all about her father. How could Howard do this to her? He wanted to slug him for that.
Bucky hums into Tony's hair as he calms down almost completely. He seems to relax with the genius in his arms. "So much more," he repeats, softly.
"Miss Stark believed a run would clear her mind," the AI replied.
Happy to change the subject, Steve spoke up first, "Weren't you going home? Can't you just use your home phone?"
"Camp Lehigh. You said you wanted to check something out, so let check it out. Together, Toni."
When Toni came across Howard, he was alone in the science station, working hard as he always did when it came down to it.
"Buck," Steve utters, bringing his hand up to Bucky's face. He wipes the tears away from his eyes. "It's okay."
Her eye twitched. "I guess I'll have to work with that, Salty."
She wondered. She knew Rogers, Mr. Nice Guy, would never expect anything from a lady, but that could not be said about Barnes, who seemed to be already expecting something.
The AI answered immediately. "It is nice to see you again, Miss Stark. It is good to have you back."
and not some fucken traitor
"I have nothing to wear," she stated, pointing to her outfit. She looked like some hippy chick in what she was wearing, and she wouldn't be caught dead wearing this outside. Even in the past, she was still a Stark and she still had standards. "Do you see what I'm wearing?" she asked.
Killian gave Toni a hard look, almost chilling; however, it was gone in a blink of an eye, replaced with a smile. "I was teased for a completely different reason," he replied as he dimmed the lights without her permission. "Now that we got that behind us. Let's get down to business. After years of dodging the President's ban on 'immoral biotech research', my think tank now has a little something in the pipeline. It's an idea we like to call Extremis."
"No, we needed someone to drive us. Nancy wouldn't let us leave without one, and I'll never disobey Nancy," Dugan stated, soft and sweetly.
Anyhow, I hope you like this chapter and the wait wasn't bad. I have been working so much that it is hard to find time to write, but I will try to be better. At least the chapters are long, right?
She needed a plan and she would come up with a plan before she tried anything. Or at least, wait until her broken arm wasn't so useless…. That could be months, she thought to herself. Could she wait that long? The longer she waited the more damage she could be doing to the timeline, which she couldn't have. She would like to be born and the tiniest thing could change that. However, she had other more practical things to worry about like where she was going to stay. It was freezing and she wouldn't last long out here for long, but she had nowhere to go. She had no money on her to rent a room and there was no one she could turn too. She had no friends in this time that could take her in.
*O*O*
The weird words and voices were echoing in his head again as turned from the window. His blade cut into his hand as he could hear nothing else, but it was of no concern to the assassin. The pain barely registered with him as the knife dug deep into his hand. He could barely feel the blood as it trickled down his fingers, dropping to the ground. Both the Senator and Rumlow turned to him, each giving him a wild look, as Rumlow's hand dropped to the gun on his hip.
Hey all,
When Steve reached her, he snapped the chains with ease, and Toni could only watch. Before she knew what happened and before she could act, he pulled her into his arms for a bear hug.
Everything was spinning and shaking beneath her. Her legs were jello, and she was barely able to keep to her feet. Nauseous times ten, Toni closed her eyes and forced herself to take a few deep breaths. It felt like the Earth was going to open up and swallow her whole. The world was about to cave in and end around her. Oh, god, she felt like she was about to die. The pain was too much.
Sam Wilson played hurt, but there was a large smile on his face. "Oh, that's how it is?"
After that, the conversion fell into silence, as neither of them knew what to say. They weren't friends. Toni didn't know what to say as this was the most they had ever said to each other without insulting or attacking the other. Again, (How many times could she say this?) they weren't friends, though they could've been in another life where they weren't completing for Peggy's attention. Sharon could've been a positive influence in her life.
Plus, he can't wait to touch, kiss, and lick every part of both of these men, and he can't wait to be squashed between two naked Super Soldiers. He can't wait to feel their hands caress every part of him, and even if he's wearing a boot and a brace, he isn't going to allow them to stop him from getting a good roll in the bed. "I'm up for anything," Tony says, smiling against Bucky's lips.
She smirked at Toni as she took a step closer. "This is your defense mechanism. You put up a front, trying to portray this cold-hearted bitch, but inside, you're broken, destroyed... so shattered. Though you hide it with everything that you've got, you hope that someone will notice, but no one does or maybe...no one cares. Does it hurt to know no one cares?" she asked.
*0*0*
"Well, if it isn't the star spangled man with a plan. And what's your plan for today?" Phillips asked, annoyed. Why was he here? He didn't have time for this. He had condolence letters to write and he had to figure out what he was going to tell Stark about his daughter.
"Oh, I feel so loved," Tony says, with a hand over his heart. "Is this why Rogers and Barnes are hiding from you people?"
Steve smiled –truly smiled–and it was breathing taking. There was no doubt that Steve had the biggest and sexiest smile around. There was no doubt that it could melt anyone's heart. "Well you
"Yes, Mr. Banner. They have just arrived on the helipad with the equipment you require."
Toni's head was about to pop as she was having the migraine to end all migraines. The sheer pain of it was sending shivers down her spine. Plus, her legs felt like they were on fire. Everything in her body was screaming, fighting against her. Her body was hostile to her, trying to stop her in tracks. It was so great that it almost stopped her in tracks, but she didn't stop. She couldn't stop as she knew Rollins and his friends weren't too far behind her. If she stopped now, she was sure she was done for.
Killian, even with his fake blonde hair, didn't falter under Steve's strong glance, which was impressive. "I would never dream of doing that, Captain." He pull on a huge smile as he turned back to Toni. "Well, I think it's time to make my leave, but I'm sure I'll see you again, Toni." He almost reached for Genius' hand again, but when he heard a cough at the door, he retracted his hand. "I better go before your Head of Security drags me out, right?"
At first, Steve expected the team to drop him off and leave, but Natasha and Clint followed him off the jet and into Toni's Mansion. Even though they looked calmed, they were worried about their genius and wanted to check on her before they and the STRIKE team took off for DC. Though Toni might not see it, she meant a lot to this team, and they would do whatever it took to keep her safe. Anything.
"Rogers," Hill started, stepping forward. "If we could wait, we would, but we need to find the items stolen from Black Hawk."
"Who fired it?" This was really turning into shit show, wasn't it?
Dugan laughed. "Yes, we do. Now let's get you back to the Cap."
She blew out slowly, as she thought of what she would do if she was in his situation. "It doesn't matter." She was beginning to believe that it wasn't his tail who had attacked her. But then who was Salty's tail? She didn't notice anyone else following her besides the creepy stalker. There was another question: who did the creepy stalker worked for? Who was this Master?
The metal doors squeaked as they retracted slowly, revealing the painted doors. Pepper, the first one to make it to the door, tried to pull it open, but they would not open. "JARVIS, unlock the lab now."
Steve's shoulders tensed.
"Yeah," Toni countered, glaring Maya. Even with the throbbing in her head and soreness in her body, her anger was getting the better of her, and she wanted to slap Maya, granted that could be the pain and her tiredness talking. She wasn't the nicest person when she hadn't slept. Steve, Pepper, and Rhodes could attest to that, as she had snapped at them a few times in her sleepiest hours.
She only sparingly glanced at them. "Trust me, I got," she stated as she removed the outer coating of the device. There was a small empty section in the center of the device, where the power source was supposed to go. Her best bet was to rework the hydra power core, using the ports already connected to the core's containment unit, instead of just using the core and trying to connect it directly.
*O*O*
The next week or so, Toni did her best not to acknowledge Howard whenever he talked to her, which was harder said than done. Everything out of his mouth annoyed Toni, who wanted to snap back a witty nasty comment to everything he said, but she forced her mouth shut. There were points that she made her lips bleed as she bit down too hard. She knew she was being stupid and she should give him a chance, but she kept flashing back to her childhood and how she could never make him happy.
"Can you send the suit to come pick me up?" she asked, shaking badly.
"So he's Rogers again," he teased as he took a step closer. "I have a chance now." He winked at her.
"Something tells me you're lying," Howard joked as he stood up. He pushed the table away from Toni, so he could knee down in front of her. "I have been bitten by that device. I know how much pain you're in."
Steve glanced at him for a second before turning to Toni. His eyes focused on her bruise, an unforgivable bruise.
"…A homeless shelter? Why?" He was concerned about her and it was clear. Toni wished she knew the reason, because why would a stranger be worried about someone he didn't know? "There aren't many around and I don't know of any off the top of my head." He stepped toward her. "Why would you need a shelter? Why can't you go home? I can walk with you if you like."
Still toning them out, Toni glanced at Salty and Sassy from the corner of her eyes. What they said didn't matter, because the only thing that did matter was her damn device that her father had. The longer he had it the more chances he had to ruin it, but it didn't matter when she got the device back as she would have to work with her father.
"Ha Ha," Jones replied. "They would prefer me over you."
Rogers eyed him as he picked up the phone. He could've asked JARVIS to make the call, but both of them felt weird using the AI. "Who are you calling?" he asked.
"Since you don't work today, do you-" Rogers started but the door silenced him. In came Barnes with a smile on his face. Over his shoulder, he held a bag, which held some clothes. "Hey, Bucky."
," he said, stressing her last name as if he didn't believe it was her given name. "And I think family is the correct word for us."
"Hold on a second," he replied, reaching into his pocket with free hand. "I wanted to give these to you."
"He's around." He paused. "He's talking to some of the men." He was staring at her again with those eyes. "We're almost at camp. Only a few more miles."
"Tony," Steve calls, his eyes studying him. He's breaking, and it's clear.
He quickly turned the folder, finding the folders for the commanders. To his delight, not all of them were dead, but at the same time it didn't bring him joy. Even if they were alive, they were lost to him and it would be wrong to contact them after all of this time, though he was tempted by it. They would know what happened to Toni, whom had been close to a few of them. He took a deep breath knowing that he couldn't do that because that would be selfish of him. Heck, he shouldn't need to ask them as it should be in one of their folders.
to trust these people, and that was strange for her. She wasn't one to trust people; she never wanted to before, but here she was, wanting to do so, and it annoyed her.
Spector smiled weakly. "Need? For some reason, I don't think a Stark ever had a need for anything, so no, I don't think you
"Yes, Captain Rogers," the AI responded quickly. "How may I help you this morning?" The British robotic voice was calming to the Soldier for some odd reason that he couldn't understand. The AI was everything that Steve didn't understand in this time. He shouldn't be calming but he was.
There was no denying that. She was in no shape or form a runner. She hated running, only trying it because she heard running helped with the dreams. Now, whoever said that was a complete idiot and liar, because she felt worst after a run. Maybe, it was because running gave her all the time in the world to think. She felt like she was on fire afterward, but her mind was still running. And when Toni's mind had time to think, it felt like she was being crushed by the weight of everything. Her mind was an idle play thing. "Nope."
"Don't do this," she yelled. She didn't want him to do this to himself as he was anything but a horrible friend. She on the other hand was a different story. She was
"As you wish," the AI replied.
"Yeah, well, you let me know if the Real Power wants a magazine or something," Fury said.
"Oh, please," Barnes snarled, as the shadows in front of her moved.
With Barnes' expression softening, Toni ignored the warning signs going off in her heads. The idea that she could save Barnes was everything to her, and she would do anything to make it up to him.
Seeing where he was heading, she jumped in front of him. "Not the whole, 'if you don't know, then there's no point' argument. We need to get this out." She stated. "Now spill."
"I'm handy with a knife," He said. "Let's hurry. We have to get to the Data Center before they find that body, and it won't be long."
"I don't understand."
Steve glanced up at Barton, studying his face. He stared at the archer, just stared, before he laughed. It was a pained laugh, though Steve wasn't sure anyone noticed. "You're still here?" he asked, trying to put on a face. "I thought you left." He put on a smile.
Loki inched closer to her. "You say that now."
Shaking himself back to the present, Steve took a seat on a couch and stared at a magazine sitting on the table. On the cover was a picture of Toni in one of her many iron suits; her face was visible as she held the helmet in one arm, while the other was firmly at her side. She had a smug look on her face. Steve wasn't surprise with the cocky look as that was the standard Stark look, even her father, Howard, had that look, and though it annoyed the hell out of him, it looked right on Toni's face, a face that he desperately wanted to see.
Why couldn't he drop this? "We don't have time for this," she said, harshly. "We have to save the President." Why didn't he understand that they didn't have the time for this?
"Your brain activity is-"
"How would you know!" she snapped, shoving him. She couldn't sit still; she had to get up.
"No, clue," Clint said with a shrug and a frown. "I don't want to spend my Christmas on a mission either, but duty calls."
"Yea, it's me, Toni. Are you okay?" he replied, keeping a firm grip on her. "Where were you?" he asked softly.
Confused, Pepper stared at him for a second, wondering what was going on. "What are you talking about? What about the Mark 7?"
*O*O*
Her blood started to boil as she thought about how pathetic she was. Was that all she was good for nowadays? Just someone to pity? "Listen, buddy. I don't need your jacket," she snapped.
Loki stepped to her left, getting within inches from her. "You have nothing to fear. Agree and I can save you from this hellhole," he replied.
Without a word, Dr. Erskine stood up and turned to the door.
Toni closed her eyes, knowing it wasn't fair to Pepper. She knew it all along, but she didn't care. She kept being selfish, asking the impossible from her; she knew it was unfair to Pepper, forcing her to do things by using their friendship. She thought she would always be there, no matter what. "I know," she said, softly. "And I'm sorry, but I can't leave."
"I will walk with you." She had no interest in turning him down, because the attack was still fresh in her mind.
"I think I'll wait for Steve," she uttered, not liking the idea of leaving Steve. Everything got worse when she stepped away from him. He kept her sane. Her friends kept her sane. Kept her from seeing ghosts. These people—these agents—did not keep her sane. They pulled her down. She wanted nothing more than to be normal, to be free of these nightmares.
Still speaking with the officer, he only glanced at her for a second. The officer nodded and stepped away a few seconds later. Rogers glanced at Toni again before he stepped away as well. "God, damn it, Steve," she yelled, switching to his first name. "Stop."
Toni couldn't look at him and looked away, which was a battle with her exhaustion.
Bruce watched as Steve took another drink. "You saved them single handily. I know about that," he stated. "Everyone knows that. So what?"
So, here you go. I hope you enjoy the chapter.
He had told himself that he wouldn't see them until he was ready, but he needed to know, and it wasn't as if he went to see Peggy. He had tracked down Dum Dum in a nursing home, who he seemed to be enjoying as he bugged all of the female nurses. Though guys who flirted nonstop annoyed him, it was adorable to see old man Dugan flirt with women half his age; however, it could get annoying after a while. It had to do something with the fact that no one could be mad at an elderly man.
Toni puffed. "Well, I want to give him that nickname for a different reason. Buck is a name for a male rabbit, and it can't be a true nickname without a y." Arriving outside of Phillips' tent, they stopped a few feet from it.
"AH!" Sam yelled, covering his ears. "Again, don't want know about your sex life."
Toni tried to speak, but everything came out in mumbles as Schmidt was holding her mouth still. No matter how much she squirmed in his hand, the Red Skull was just too strong for her, and there was nothing she could do to break free of his grasp. Fear rose up inside of her as the tool inched closer and closer to her tongue. The idea of her tongue being ripped scared her to no end, and it wasn't about the not talking for the rest of her life.
"You could've died, Tony." Bucky adds, bitterness still in his voice. "Do you understand? Can you with that fucken brain of yours understand how we felt? How we feel? I thought we lost you." He keeps close to Tony, almost as if he's afraid the genius will disappear. "I thought I lost you…"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Hey!" Clint cried. Both Steve and Toni snapped around to see Natasha plucking the bulb midair from Clint. There was a smirk on her face as a look of doom fell on Clint's face. "NO!" he cried as he fell to his knees.
She let out a laugh as she never had an overly protective father growing up, worried about her womanhood like other kids. "It means what it means," she said.
Toni turned back, looking at them, and she knew all of them were annoyed with her but she couldn't find the urge to care. "Just go dancing or something," she stated as she turned to leave.
She chuckled again. "I was playing," she stated with her tongue out. "Besides, I know you only have eyes for Agent Sassy Pants." She elbowed him. She still had no idea why they liked each other, which annoyed her, but she would help him get some. He needed some. Maybe, that would help him relax; plus, she loved how red he got.
If Natasha was uncomfortable at the scene in front of her, she didn't show it, though she wasn't exactly looking at them. Standing sideways, she was staring at the elevator with an intense look. "Stop making out and get your asses upstairs before they kill each other."
Letting out a sigh, Toni reached for the phone. She ignored the quiver in her hand as she recognized the photo. It was taken recently at that small café Steve brought her to moments after she had pressed herself into his side. Toni could identify the 'look' in her eyes, as she glanced up at Steve. Her heart pounded in her chest, as something clicked in her head. She had seen that 'look' before in other people. She remembered dreaming about that 'look' when she was younger. Before she became jagged, she had dreamed of finding that.
He pulled her in slightly as he shuffled backward closer to the trees. "You just like to flirt," he declared, frustrated. His hot breath was on her neck. "You do this on purpose."
"One less finger won't hurt," she said, stepping to Toni. The tool hanged dangerously from her hand.
"Yea, she might lecture me for a change," Steve joked.
Steve closed his eyes, envisioning Toni as a small child. "I bet."
"I don't think I ever had any fat on my bones," he said, as he lifted his head to get a good look on her face. "Even before the serum, I was all skin and bones." He remembered those times as being a punching bag to everyone around them. He remembered the looks and cruel treatment he got from everyone including Bucky, but never from her. Toni never treated him differently, though she at times expected more.
However, his conditioning was far too great for him just to take off and find this woman, whoever she was. He had to return to his handler to report the kill, but he saw nothing wrong with taking the photo. It didn't go against the mission's objectives, so he pocketed the picture before returning to the base. For a while, she was the only thing he could think of, as he pondered who she was and how to find her. And, she was the only thing on his mind for years.
on his hairy arm
Toni was shaking, unable to speak, and for a while, she was still as stone, unable to move.
Natasha put her hand on Pepper's shoulder. "Anything is possible, right JARVIS."
Howard dusted himself off. "Don't deny it. I'm growing on you."
Needing a few seconds, she fished in the desk and pulled out a flask. Smiling at the sight of it, she twisted off the cap and whished the flask around. As she bought the flask to her lips, she hesitated for a second, knowing she had an issue with her drinking. A big issue. She had thought she had a handle on her drinking, but with everything that had happened lately, she knew she didn't. Even if it was unhealthy, it was one of the few things that calmed her mind, take the edge off. It also helped her sleep for a few hours, now that her pills weren't as effective.
Rogers looked taken back by her objection but he still insisted. "You're shivering. How long have you been out here in the cold without a coat? Didn't they give you anything?"
At first, Toni made herself small at the meeting, hiding in the corner—not that anyone can hide next to Steve. He was a neon sign that said: 'Look at me.' His arms were all that anyone needed, and it didn't help that he looked like a million bucks. Why did he have to look so good? It was unfair. It really was, but she wouldn't consider herself to be crop liver either. There was a reason why she had an army of fans.
Steve glanced at Natasha, her brain still spinning. His own mind was going in a million directions. "What about Toni? Answer me!"
"HEY!" Steve shouted. "I'm not an ass." If anyone was an ass, it was Barton…or even Toni. He was most definitely not an ass. "I was-"
"I can see her without telling her."
Toni had almost forgotten about Rogers joining them, and she was not looking forward for that. She couldn't even last a minute with him without an insult or a lecture. "He better hurry. I'm hungry," she chuckled.
Tony had thought waking up alone would be a onetime thing, but when it happens for an entire week, Tony gives up on sleeping in his room. For the first three days of that week, the soldiers did go to bed with him, but when the genius awoke the next morning, he was alone. Completely alone. Afterwards, they didn't even attempt to go to bed with him, which did nothing for Tony's nerves and insecurities. They don't even tell him good night when they pass him in the halls as they seem focused something else, and Tony feels like he's suddenly thrown aside like yesterday's trash, which sends him rushing to his lab, the only place he feels comfortable.
Why couldn't he just leave her alone? Would her death calm him? Didn't he deserve that? If so, didn't she owe him that? He did die because of her.
*O*O*
After a few seconds, Rogers closed his eyes in awkwardness. He sat straight back against the couch as she sat on her knees at his side. Her body was inches from him. "How did you get this?" she asked.
Okay, she knew she was eye candy herself, but he didn't need to stare at her like that. People were only allowed to stare at her like that if they were about to have sex. She wouldn't mind to see how he was in bed but she knew that wasn't going to happen. That would be a very bad idea.
That image of her was forever burned into his mind. At first, he was surprised she was alive because she was covered in blood and cut. It was also freezing, and it was a wonder that she was still alive in this weather. For a brief second, he wondered how she got here, because there were no signs that she was dropped here by someone or that she was here for long. The cold would've surely killed her if she was there longer than an hour.
"After the war, SHIELD was founded, and I was recruited. The new HYDRA grew. A beautiful parasite inside SHIELD. For seventy years, HYDRA has been secretly feeding crisis, reaping war. And when history did not cooperate, history was changed." Zola continued.
"You have to be reasonable, Steve," Peggy stated, who was also in the tent. "We need someone to hack Hydra's system and we only have two people who can currently do that: Mr. Stark and Corporal Sark."
"You worry too much."
Her hands balled as she eyed the man who had grabbed her. She still did not know his name. "What do you want?" she asked, ready to slug him. She was not in the right mind set to deal with him.
"We are gonna set a fire under Johann Schmidt's ass. What do you say, Rogers? It's your map, you think you can wipe Hydra off of it?" There was a smile on Phillips' face that Toni hadn't seen before.
His heart pinged as pain flashed in his mind, remembering his best friend. He missed Bucky, even second of every day. With a deep breath, his eyes were on the tags as they hanged over her half-hidden Arch reactor, which glowed softly under her sports bra. With a light blush formed on his cheeks as he stared, his mind was forced back to Toni. Even with the scars, she was breathtaking; however, the curve of her chest could only distract him for so long.
Tony isn't exactly sure what he's feeling for his Brooklyn Twins—Okay, maybe he does, but he hesitates in calling it love. Though he will never admit it aloud, this feeling, which he has spent years hiding from, scares the shit out of him. He'd been taught since childhood that love is for the weak and if you allow yourself to love or be loved, you are allowing yourself to be controlled. And that stuck with Tony for years with his father enforced that ideal daily. From there, fear grew inside of Tony, creating a wall that most ran screaming from, and hatred grew. He detested the idea of someone having any type of control over him, no matter the level. He would and still will rebel at every turn.
Steve glanced to the man, as everything for him came crashing down. Toni wasn't there, because she couldn't have been here. She was gone. Gone from him forever and it broke him. Maybe, Phillips was right. "Yeah, yeah. I just had a…" He drifted off because he didn't know what he had. He had told himself that he wanted to see Toni to tell her everything, but he couldn't do that now and he didn't know what to do now.
*O*O*
Toni shook her head, not wanting to explain what was going on in her brain. It was a crazy place in there and she had a difficult time understanding it herself. With a deep breath, she responded, "I don't know yet." She didn't know what Loki wanted, and she had to find out what. She didn't know what Madame Hydra was up to and she wanted to know what. However, they had to deal with Schmidt first, who Steve had followed onto the strange aircraft.
" Steve uttered, as he stepped toward Toni with glasses in his hands. That was strange title for a movie, granted everything was strange to him.
Toni almost jumped in Rogers' arm at that voice. "Barnes," she croaked. She tried to look at him but her body screamed out in pain. "You're alive."
With a big greedy smile, Nick walked out from his office and handled Toni an envelope. "Here's your money for the week," he said with a smile.
"No, say it." Toni hated when people had shit to say, but they wouldn't say it. She liked honesty and loathed it when people lied to her. She was an adult and she could handle it.
Sharon's expression softened as she studies the brunette in front of her. "Why is that?"
"Yes, my grandson works for SHIELD," Gabe replied with a smile. "You know the one."
"Toni," she started, slowly. "You've to get out of the lab sometimes. You've been down here far too much." She walked to Toni's side, placing a hand on her shoulder. She leaned down a little. "Come eat."
Did they find the Device? Did they not find the stolen devices?
Steve smiled. "Then trust me when I say you have nothing to worry about. Trust me when I say we can trust them. And even if he did something, I can handle it."
"Ouch. I'm not that bad."
person. She didn't want to be like….Pepper. She could handle it.
Toni glanced at him and smirked as she darted away to find Rogers.
"Okay, Toni," he said, slowly.
"If you really want to." Rogers smiled lightly as he looked back. "What do you do?" he asked, changing the subject. "Are you a nurse?"
throughout the years. Over the years, it had started to become just a day to her, a day that she spent in the lab.
It seemed like it was Colonel's mission in life to piss her the hell off. "Why would Barnes tell you shit?" Granted he was really just a stranger to her, she couldn't take it if he was one of Salty's man.
"Why thank you," she smiled, still holding the ice against his face. "But you need to be smart about it."
The Asset, though restrained in the chair, scanned the room, studying each people. Even if he was a master of hiding his emotions (Not that he had many…if any at all), confusion was present on his face. Though he was hardly given any information besides what mission necessary, he was unsure of what to make of this situation or what was happening. What was happening? Who was Barnes? The name sounded familiar, but he had no idea of where he had heard this name before. He knew it from these strange words in his head, but he still had no idea of what the name meant.
"You're lucky I don't slung you," she said, waving her fist at him. "Never kiss a girl without permission."
Dugan took a wobbly step forward with his tatty cane pointing toward her. "Watch it, young lady. I'm your elder."
I will note that i struggled a bit in this chapter with Toni, because I didn't want it to look like "OH, look how weak she is." However, she is separated from her suit, so it isn't like she can take on an army. Besides, Hydra's plan has worked. She is a bit insane...She is not working at her best level.
"We didn't mean to exclude you, Pepper," Bruce said, breaking the silent. "Just after the way that Steve stomped in here after talking to her, I knew she needed space."
If it was possible, Steve's smile grew, and stopping Toni before she could finish, he leaned forward and captured her lips with his. He didn't give Toni any time to think as he gave her a deep kiss. His hands traveled up her arms to her face, cupping her cheeks. Toni wasn't sure when she closed her eyes and leaned into him, but she didn't care. She enjoyed the feeling of being in his arms. Steve's arms were warm, almost smoldering, but she felt safe with him. She felt like she could do anything as long as he believed in her.
Toni Stark had been tortured before; it wasn't anything new, but this was different. When she was held hostage in the desert being tortured to build weapons, it was nothing like this. They wanted her alive, so she could build the weapons, but this time, she wasn't so sure. Schmidt had said he didn't want to hurt her, but she doubted he would care if she was. He didn't want her to build him anything; he had Zola for that. He just wanted to study her reactor dead or alive, which she couldn't have; however, she doubted if anyone could figure it out.
He stopped as Pepper had entered the room looking for something. "Have you seen my phone?" she asked looking around to the three avengers. "I need it. I'm waiting for an important phone call."
*O*O*
"So? There are poly relationships." She says it as if he should already know this. She says this like this is the most normal thing on the planet. She talks about like it is easy. "Go for it."
Resting his head in his hands, he closed his eyes. "Women simply do not fight on the battlefield and I would be laughed at if I let you."
"You're up. I thought you would be out for days."
"You look a little ill," Barton states.
"I don't know if I would consider myself a 'lady.' Being a lady is too boring," she stated, waving it off. "I rather have fun."
I hope to be more actiony in the next chapter and less emotionally.
word. "Toni," he said, not moving.
Toni's eye brow rose. "Did he really just say that?" she asked, looking around. "Did he just say that? You control me? Pssh. Steve control me? Yea, right."
Toni's eyebrow rose. "Let's see. How often do you shower? Please tell me it's more than once a week! I have to make sure this big boy does not come back with fleas," she replied, smacking Steve lightly in the chest with her hand.
"I can see why," he responded.
The usher, who didn't look much older than 20, stared at her with a puzzle looked. "You're with him? How the hell did he manage to get a dame like you?"
Bruce looked back to his work desk, knowing he would do anything possible to get Toni back. "JARVIS, are Barton and Romanoff back yet?" he asked.
With a deep sob, she pulled blanket tighter around her, as she forced herself to take a deep breath. Around her neck on the chain with the dog tags, her would be engagement ring hanged, warm against his chest. It was a modest ring, the likes that the Famous Toni Stark would never wear. Too simple for her life style. With a red face, Steve had explained that he had picked it as it reminded him of his mother's ring, a ring that he lost when he went under. He rambled on as he realized it might not her style. He looked crushed as he thought that she might not like it. With a kiss, she had shut him up, and she kissed him again every time he opened his mouth.
With pain rocketing through her entire body, it was amazing that she could recall anything. Granted, her body felt weird to her and she had no idea of what was happening around her, but she could feel, and she counted that as a plus. However, that wasn't really a relief, as she only knew so much about her mystery surroundings. She was having a difficult time wrapping her mind around anything as she felt like she was in a cloudy haze. A haze that she couldn't figure out what was up or down, but she could make out a few things even with the poundings, and one of those things was the chafing zip ties securing her to an old metal bedframe, which squealed with her every movement.
"Are you okay, Miss?" The AI, known as JARVIS, asked. "I can alert someone."
Schmidt turned from Rogers again and to Toni. "Or maybe, it was because of her."
heart broken. Seeing him like that almost broke her heart, because she
There's a small twitch in Steve's eye as he gets the last name treatment from Tony. Everyone knows what that means, and it isn't good. "Tony, it isn't-"
riskless. Okay, maybe she was, but she could be helpful. She was Iron Man after all.
Her eye twitched. Out of the many things she needed, a therapist wasn't one, because she didn't freak out. Sure, she had small, very small, extremely small attacks (not panic attacks-she refused to call them that), but she did not need a therapist. That would mean she needed to talk to someone and she didn't. "I'm fine, Salty."
He put on a smirk. "Once you get dressed, report to Agent Carter. You two will be spending lots of time together, as she'll be keeping an eye on you."
"How would you know that?" Barton asked.
Steve could've chuckled at the look in her eyes, because he could tell that she was determined, and that was almost as scary as when Toni was determined.
Once again, she was tied to a chair as her torturers had taken a break, which she was grateful for. She didn't know how much longer she was going to last. She wasn't going to tell them shit, but she didn't know if she could last anything else. She ran out of the energy to fight a while ago, and her body had become a rag doll. She lost count to how many times they had dunked her in hot water, dumped ice cold water on her, and water boarded her. She didn't know what they were going to do, but she would never looked at water ever again. The very thought of water freaked her out.
