There was an innocence to Tony’s face now, that awake or asleep never failed to make him desire to hold him tight and protect him from the world and any hurt it could inflict.  Unfortunately he also wanted to inflict all the dark thoughts and desires running through his mind.  Tony belonged to him in any way that he desired and by the end of this stay his boy would once again realise and accept his place.
“Too late little omega, you better own up straight away, or you will not be able to sit down for a week!”
Taking a deep breath to centre himself, he decided it was better just to rip the band-aid off and tell Tony what the effects of him now being registered as an Omega meant for any prior legal decisions made by the Courts with regards to his person.
Now l am going to give you a little injection that will make you very sleepy and when you wake up it will be the start of your new life.”
Tony knew Steve was right in his assumption he could sense subtle changes happening already, it scared him to think that nothing would ever be the same again that he was bound even more to his Alpha by this pregnancy.  He was becoming what he had fought his whole life against, a full bonded mated omega with no rights, nothing more that fuck hole and breeder for his Alpha.
Settling back in her seat she motioned for Captain Rogers to come stand beside her to await their next appointment, this was the one that would need all her considerable negotiation skills and for Steve to play the part of the distraught loving partner who hated having to go to such lengths to ensure his husband’s personal health and safety.
Wrote this before Christmas last year, just found it in my old note book.
Tony will sleep for the next few hours as his body adjusts, he will feel no pain and when he wakes up will be incredibly hungry as his body needs to replenish much of the energy the magic has used in his transformation.  Dr Strange has also implanted a small mental suggestion which will make your boy feel constantly hungry, this will last for a week, giving you a good start to increasing his weight.
1.	You will have a natural pregnancy and birth.  Due to the arc you will have a scan at 8 weeks to determine how many pups you are carrying, there will be no other medical intervention unless there is risk to the pups or you as alerted by JARVIS who will monitor you throughout your pregnancy.
This is pure fiction and I do not condone anything like this happening in real life.
Bruce lost himself in the music as he wielded his scalpel to reduce and remodel the omega’s genitalia and if he removed an extra inch he was sure that Steve would not complain when he viewed the tiny perfect cock, nestling in front of the omega’s virgin cunt.
Chapter 22
I want a life with you, to have a family, to not be a fuck up and scream all night with the nightmares from Afghanistan and my childhood.
Chapter 32
“Pepper, you are such a disappointment, l suppose we are going to have to see if Bruce and the Professor can do any thing about your useless cunt, there is going to be a time when the Professor is going to want to fuck you.
Steve and Natasha finally get to see Tony.
A hard slap to his ass cheek startled him back to the present.
“Moo…Moo…Moo…moo..Moo!”
“That’s right Natty, you will carry the first genetically modified hybrid babies. Bruce and the Captain want loyal soldiers that answer only to them.  I want Bruce to come back to our world and see you swollen with pups and your earlier litters suckling on your teats.
“Thor, where is Loki and May Cow? Just realised neither of them came back with you.”
He had been horrified and sickened by the contents of Bucky’s notebooks, never guessing that Bucky had descended in to such madness.  He had always been aware of the darkness that took over his best friend from time to time as they were growing up, but he had always channelled it in to fighting and rough sex, Bucky had never gone so far that he had killed.  He believed that the horrors of war and Hydras experiments had tipped Bucky over the edge and his only means of retaining any autonomy was to hold the ultimate power over someone weaker. The Winter Soldier as far as he could ascertain seemed to be a separate entity altogether, two people in one body.
Steve could see that Tony was getting ready to cause a scene, mouth opening ready to hurl more abuse at the doctor, he was vibrating with anger at the doctor’s derogatory words.  Under the guise of supporting Tony’s neck as he helped him to sit he calmly pressed his palm to the back of his neck gently squeezing the sensitive nerve bundle all omega possessed.  Tony went limp his whole body melting and falling against Steve’s side, calm hazy eyes looked up at him a soft sigh escaping from pouting lips, his super hearing caught his omega’s quiet muttering about bloody ninja Alpha’s and their magic fingers.
“Are you sure that is what you want baby?  Do you understand what you are asking for?”
The Inspector moved closer to stand witness for the branding, curious as to the purpose of the before unseen gel.  Bruce took the opportunity to expound on his invention in detail.
Steve spread Tony’s legs to check, sure enough his thighs were red and sore, his pussy was damp and leaking as well.  He ran his finger through the dampness and bought them to his nose, taking a deep sniff.
“Do you want to let it all out?  Dirty little omega that you are, want your slutty fuck hole clean so that you can take my huge cock again and keep my Alpha cum safe inside you.”
Tony cuddled with his pups, nipples aching as they each took a turn at suckling from his hard nipples.  He much preferred these small breasts, although he could have wished his nipples weren’t so sensitive and permanently erect.  Once the boys were all asleep he spent some time playing with his girls who were crawling and exploring, bring back toys to show their mama, Maria gave her a small story book and the girls sat still and listened as he read them the tale of Peter Rabbit.
He knew it was going to be difficult and that his overriding Alpha need to protect his Omega was going to have to be suppressed to some extent during battle for the Avengers to function as a team and for Iron Man to do his job properly. The process of separating his Omega and Iron Man in the field would not be an easy one.
The President gave a small tug on his omega’s leash signalling for her to stand and follow him out of the press conference.  Once out of the prying eyes of the press he ripped of her shift, pulled her against his chest and began fondling her naked breasts and stomach, fingers trailing down to stroke her exposed clit and tug on the tightly chained rings holding her swollen labia lips closed.
Life is settling down again, the youngest boys are back to school and daughter back to University.
Steve smiled at the interviewer, pulling Tony on to his lap, his hands holding him against his growing erection.
Dr Cho departs, the Inspector for the Omega Registry arrives.
Once Tony had staggered out, he set in motion the last parts of his plan,
Steve jolted awake, his enhanced hearing picking up Tony’s quiet whimper of pain, teary eyes stared blearily at him.
“Mmmph”
“On Asgard it is considered a great honour for an omega to be bonded to more than one Alpha, it shows how much stamina they have when being fucked and that they can be bred simultaneously.”
Tony had always been kidnapped or taken for what he could build or for financial ransom, yes he had been tortured in the past but he was too valuable to kill so there was always the risk of raped and physical abuse as a means to get Tony to do their bidding.  Now with the new tracking devices embedded in various parts of his body and the reactor along with the Alpha Bond he would always be able to find his Omega and bring him home no matter how far away or deeply hidden.
To his chagrin his face had been made up, pink eyeshadow, blusher and lipstick.
Come on time to get moving, Steve needs to remove your collar and rings, Dr Strange has delivered the reversal spell, then you need a thorough internal cleansing before we take you down to the medical wing.”
The minute the interviewer and crew had vacated Steve ripped off Tony’s trousers and pulled out his plug, sinking his cock into Tony’s loose, sopping hole with no resistance.
She had been supposedly made to publicly resign by the board to satisfy the need to separate her from Stark Industries, but it was all a front to cover up what had been done to her, so that no one would believe anything she said.
There was nothing for it but to obey, she would not give up the position she had fought so hard for, if this was how Steve wanted to run the Pack then she would embrace it, whilst building up her own power base. Stark Industries was hers, and once the Board was replaced with her picks of ‘yes men’ she would never have to bow her head to anyone within the Company again.
Steve squeezed his knot, his cock painting another load over Tony’s delicate features before aiming into his open mouth. He watched as Tony desperately tried to swallow all his cum, but he knew that unless his cock was deep in the omega’s throat it was never going to happen.   Sure enough cum began to trickle out of Tony’s mouth and fall to the floor, squeezing his knot he milked another load of cum just for the pure hell hearing the omega’s gurgling cries and watching large doe eyes widen with despair at the failure to swallow all his Alpha’s cum.
“S…sorry everyone for my rudeness, sorry Alpha, pl..please forgive me Alpha.”
“Owewwww…fuck! C.cramp,Steve p..please untie me.”
For the last five days you have been held in solitary, a less intense version of what Tony went through when he first arrived, only because we have needed time to study your serum and test your durability.
“For goodness sake Steve, how many times have a told you I am not your bitch to mark and scent. Reserve that for your omega.”
“ Let me do it or we will be here all night, Sex Doll.”
All omega babies will be micro-chipped and registered so that the birth rate of omega’s can be monitored.
“Good work Bruce, I’ll take him now, going to show him a bit of caring and kindness before his training regime begins, need to enforce that he needs my protection and that bonding will keep him safe, I have almost convinced him that the other Steve didn’t care for him as much and was leading him on.
“Yes Arno, you Teddy, James and Jarvis can all come see Momma and your new baby sister. You all need to be quiet as they are both very tired, but Momma so wants to see the rest of her babies as she has missed you all so much.”
Tony stared at himself in the full length mirror studying the differences in his appearance to what he would usually look when attending a board meeting.
“Why the hell do l have to wear this, and what’s with all this spanking,  l am not going to allow it any more, and you can give me back all my clothes and get rid of all this fru fru omega crap.”
“Well since you asked so nicely I will let you suck my cock and eat my cum. Then I am going to fuck your cunt hole and milk you bitch tits dry until you scream.”
Steve continues to torment and humiliate Tony.
There is jealousy and sex.
We will continue with his conditioning treatments in the therapy room each morning and afternoon for the rest of this week and will review the overall results on Friday.  Your will have the weekend free with your baby boy and Miss Potts will be allowed to visit.
Natasha smirked at him before turning back to his aunt.
“Think you might want to let our poor omega breathe Steve, wouldn’t do for him to suffocate on your dick.”
“Ah, extreme rapid detox is a harsh process that needs to be experienced by the patient regardless of their level of addiction on being admitted for certain types Conditioning Therapy.  Tony has an extremely addictive personality so we need to dissuade him from his usual methods of coping ie; drinking and self medicating and channel his addictive traits along a path that is less damaging to him, but fulfils all the requirements you want from this therapy.
“Captain I am away to Asgard, it is time for me to claim what is rightfully mine!  Odin my father will have seen the taming of such an unruly omega as Stark, he will no longer be swayed by my mother’s pleas that Loki needs softness and love to heal and centre him.”
What serum will Steve and Winter decide on?  Will Bruce reveal his hidden addition to one of the serums?
“Welcome home my omega, l can see that you are going to need a lot of retraining.
Bruce had certainly excelled himself with adapting the serum and extremis way passed anything that he had shown and allowed him to help with.  The two inches reduction in height he had reconciled himself too, had in reality turned into five inches, even Bruce had been surprised at the extra inch lost, he had admitted that both his Alphas had asked for the other two inches as they wanted him smaller.
Hands began to caress his body sliding along his limbs and skimming over his chest, fingers brushing over his clamped nipples making him hiss in pain.  His shadowed vision darkened further as a head lowered over his face, soft lips and a tongue began to lick and suck the cum off his face. He shivered as teeth nipped and kissed along his jaw and down his neck, his newly shaved skin more sensitive to each bite and lick.
“You will stand and watch, ensure that no one does any permanent damage to my omega.  Ensure that you make him drink 500 mils of water every half hour.”
“Little Omega, a short leash seems to work best for you, so for the rest of today I want you two paces distance from me at all times, even without your leash.
Steve ran his hands over Tony’s body checking for any bruises or cuts from his day in the work shop, satisfied there were no marks other than those he had put on his Omega he took the time to sit back and study his Omega.
Landing the quin jet, he could see a tall dark figure standing by the open balcony doors long hair hiding his face.  Striding towards the figure he stopped, startled when familiar blue eyes gazed up at him, plush lips quirked in that cocky smile that promised a world of wickedness.
He knows of the Avengers and their beautiful omegas; he will want to claim them for himself.”
Steve is going off the deep end, Tony is caught between loving and hating what he is doing to him.
“Take the pup and finish feeding her some of the meg’s expressed milk.  I do not want you to disturb me or the meg tonight.  Alpha Steve will be back tomorrow morning.”
Then began the parade of guests all eager to get a look at Omega Stark bonded and on show for all the world to see. He tried to ignore all the comments and remarks;
Tony watched as Loki was forced to kneel on the stone floor, whilst Sita took lengths of her hair and knotted them in two rows along the top of her head. She then picked up a sharp knife and proceeded to shave off Loki’s remaining short hair, until there was nothing left.
“Please Alpha I am exhausted, I need to sleep, my body needs a break, it also needs an orgasm but I suppose along with you keeping your dick in your pants that’s not going to happen any time soon is it?”
Steve decides it is time for his omega's punishment for his foul language and disobedience.
“There we go all finished and forgotten, lets get you all snug and warm whilst we wait for daddy to finish his call. Now be a good baby boy and sit in in your cot whilst I go fetch you your tea and a fresh bottle of milk.”
Steve rushed past Stella the moment she opened the door, his Alpha senses having picked up on Tony’s distress. Sitting on the side of the bed he gently gathered up the sobbing omega, being extra careful of his injured shoulder.
A dry hole.
Tony entertains his Alphas
Natasha smirked as Pepper licked and sucked her outer lips before delving into her pussy, her tongue stabbing into her cunt aiming for her g-spot.  She closed her thighs as she grabbed hold of Pepper’s hair, mashing her face into her sex, as her cock plumped inside its sheath.  She could feel her juices flowing has Pepper tried to keep on stimulating her, even though she was slowly suffocating.  Relaxing her thighs slightly she allowed the snooty bitch a few moments of respite, before putting her back to work.
“Mrs Parker my name is Clint Barton, and this is Natasha Romanoff, would it be possible to speak with you and your nephew Peter Parker?”
“Remember Petey, no coming if you want to keep what’s left of you tiny cock”
In the end everyone took turns feeding Tony as he rubbed gentle circles over his swollen stomach to help the omega digest his food.
Steve pushed two fingers up Tony’s ass and his thumb into his pussy, smirking as his omega’s little three inches when fully hard cock jerked to attention leaking precum.  Curling his fingers, he rubbed Tony’s sweet spot continuously as his thumb fucked his tight cunt.
“Steve, Tony, congratulations you are going to become parents to twins in about 26 weeks, probably a bit earlier as you are having twins.”
Tony started to stir but Steve stroked his mating gland and put him back under he did not want him awake until he had finished settling his omega how he wanted him.  Next he buckled thick cuffs and a spreader bar at his knees pulling them back and up and again attaching them to the headboard.
“Bring her up to the Pent-House tomorrow Happy, it’s the weekend and baby Tony is going to help his auntie get her milk flowing, after all they do say breast is best.”
Banner laughed as he came, and then he made Betty service the guards before they left, knowing that she hated anyone but him touching her, but her desire to please him overrode her dislike of being used by other alphas.
“Aww look at our sweet baby doll Steve, think our little girl would enjoy ridding our cocks more that pony’s little dildo.”
Now let me fill you in on the details of the physical examination and what we have discovered.  Firstly, he is a younger I would say about twenty, he is smaller in height 5ft 2inches and does not have the arc reactor imbedded in his chest, there is scaring which would be lead me to assume that it has been removed recently as the scaring is soft and pink. His DNA and fingerprints are a complete match.
The moment his knot popped, he mouthed Tony’s neck, biting down hard as his cum flooded the shaking omega’s passage. He tore into the gland, his fangs releasing bonding fluid to mingle with the blood and secretions from the omega gland.  He sucked and licked at the gland until his scent and pheromones covered the mark, all traces of the impostor’s scent gone.
Dropping to his knees Bucky stuck two metal fingers in to the still small cunt hole twisting and turning them as the omega’s greedy pussy sucked them in. Fondling the still bound cock he grinned up at Steve;
“That’s it you fucking slut, look at you taking my fist like the dirty little whore you are! Nothing’s too big for your sloppy hole, come on you can take me deeper than that!”
You need to be able to prove without a doubt that you are my Tony.”
“Tony did your Pepper have Extremis after the Mandarin incident? Did you find a way to stabilise it or remove it?
Close by on a work bench lay a finished set of arrows for Hawkeye, upgraded Widows Bites sat in a locked case, stretch pants for Hulk which would finally mean no more naked Hulk pictures and videos.  Leather straps waited to be fitted to his shield, Steve knew that Tony wanted to replace them with something much stronger but he liked the feel and look of the leather It reminded him of his previous life, fighting with Bucky and the Howling Commandos.
Matters came to a head when the visiting Prince of England was refused an omega bride, even when on the verge of turning feral.  Stabbed by the omega as he tried to persuade him to change his mind, there was a public outcry that an omega had caused the death of a foreign dignitary and potentially started a war between the US and England.
It stems from times past when the population was low due to war, famine and disease.  These days it is an unusual but not unheard of practice, mostly used by Alphas to keep wilful and disobedient omegas compliant and too busy raising children to keep rebelling.”
Well I think Tony is going to have not one but two dickhead Alphas to contend with.
The pups heart beats are all strong, I am in agreement with you on the drugs issue although not for the same reasons, pain relief now will slow down the birth and Tony needs to be in full control to push these pups out, Entonox will take the edge off if needed.
Excusing himself for a bathroom break he watched on the security monitor as she fumbled in her purse for a small vial of liquid, tipping it in to his coffee with a quick anxious look at the door.  Omegas really were stupid, didn’t the stupid bitch know by now after all her time working in the White House, that any room the President was in was heavily monitored unless he requested the devices to be switched off.
He did know what to think, he was sure that this was a just a ploy to confuse him and put him of his guard.
The Avengers attend the meeting with the President, after which BB and Darcy find themselves in Medical under the care of Dr Banner.  Needless to say they suffer a few unwanted body modifications.
Hugging Tony closer, he waited for him to calm down once again before he decided to broach the final topic of conversation, and in his opinion the most important one.
Steve’s eyes were wild as he squeezed his jaw open and pushed the head of his cock in, Bruce didn’t want him to choke so he started off with gentle thrusts until he felt the other alpha’s tongue tentatively licking the underside of his cock.  He gave Steve a few minutes to experiment, giving him directions on what he liked, all the time easing his cock further in with each thrust until Steve relaxed and began to moan and raise his head to chase Bruce’s cock when he withdrew.
“Thor your omega will forever be fertile, and this ring is a permanent symbol of it’s worth as a breeder, after each alpha birth another ring will be added.”
“Pp..please I want my daddy, Lydia I want my daddy.”
“Pepper take a seat, because of your poor behaviour we are now two hours behind with these potential contracts, the contracts in this first folder are for the Military, automatic handheld weapons, guidance systems and missiles, to begin with.  These just need our signatures, the blueprints are already out of Tony’s personal vault, R&D will check them over and sign them off for production.
Clint and Natasha toy with poor Peter.
Pepper froze at the hard tone in Steve’s voice, she wanted to tell him to fuck off out of her office but fought for control, she turned and walked towards him, struggling to bare her neck in submission.  As she moved forward, she took note of all the changes to her office, all her ultra -modern furnishings had been replaced with wood and leather steeped with the smell of Steve’s alpha pheromones. In front of the floor to ceiling windows there was an omega crate and breeding bench, in the far corner she could see a small office set up.
Hulk proceeded to squeeze and twist the suction cups along with the trapped nipples until with a final tug he pulled them off.  For a few seconds all was quiet then his milk cow let out a low moan which gradually became louder and louder.
Steve paused to pull back his hood whispering that he expected his omega to walk three steps behind and step to the side, eyes lowered to remain silent and not engage with any of the waiting reporters.
The Stark omega was different though, when Bucky had been in control and bonded to the omega Winter had been interested and aroused for the first time in his memory, he had watched and wanted to be with the omega as well. He had disliked intensely the sadistic treatment Bucky had inflicted but had been aroused by the dominant displays of Rogers and Bucky over their omega.
You are precious to me and our world now.  I will protect you and care for you and the baby, you need never worry again.
She could hear Natasha talking to the Graham Brothers about the merger, the one that she had worked so hard on, before her life was fucked up by Steve and Happy.  It was galling to her that bitch talk as though she was wholly responsible for the deal.
“Sweet little Betty, you are going to have to be more specific, what do you want?”
Tony watched the blood dripping down his chest from where Steve had bitten hard enough to draw blood from his bonding mark, when his Alpha tugged at the ring through his clit he screamed as his climax hit and his walls tightened to milk Steve’s cum deep into his pulsating pussy.
"Now this is how a proper omega should be, docile and quiet, a fuck hole to be used in any way its Alpha wants. There is only one more thing that I need to do to make you in to the perfect omega, I am going to get rid of that pathetic useless cocklet.”
“Jarvis, Alpha Rogers override BIDORIMCA-2019.”
“Do you want to live on you own? Do you want Captain Rogers and Ms’ Potts to take care of you, or do you want the Court to decide where you live?”
After finally deciphering Howard’s coded notes and formulas Bruce had spent weeks down in his lab trying to recreate the serum, thankfully he had an endless supply of Super Soldier blood to work with.  Once Steve had given him access to Tony’s locked files on the full version of Extremis and his experimentations on producing a full omega suppressant it had only taken him a matter of days to produce a tailor- made formula that would heal Tony completely from the surgery to remove the shrapnel and the arc reactor. The combination of Howard’s serum with extremis and the other upgrades he had incorporated meant that the newly formulated serum would also heighten his fertility and ability to carry multiple babies during each pregnancy.
His Alpha Captain Steve Rogers, even though it was seriously taboo and looked at with disgust during the war for two Alphas to bond even if it was platonic.  The memories came flooding back, his rescue from the Hydra base, the frantic secret half bonding deep in the woods on the long trek back.  Never enough alone time to fully complete the bond with mating bites and blood ingestion.  Then he was falling and screaming unable to hold on to the out stretched hand, his last image Steve’s devastated face as he plunged down the mountainside.
I have been reading some research papers on Omega feeding that show that some deviant behaviour in omegas can be linked to the imbalance in their diet from being allowed to ingest normal food.”
Then l would like you to synthesise a combination of the two formulas at varying degrees of strength, test them out on the samples of Ms Potts blood and notify me of all positive results.”
Bruce made his way back to his room he needed a few hours of sleep before he spoke with Steve to decide on a plan of action.  Regardless Pepper would get the omega hormone shots tomorrow in preparation for the combined drug, once Steve has given the green light to test it on her.
“Good morning everyone, shall we get on with things straight away, I am sure you are going to have lots of questions Anthony, but I would appreciate it if you could wait until I have finished explaining everything.
“Mmm that’s it my little omega whore, you want me to cum? Want to fill your dirty little mouth with my cum? Tell me you want it, come on you know that you love being my cum dump that’s all you omega’s are good for breeding and filling with cum!”
“Let this be a lesson to you my omega, you cannot expect any punishment to be easy, no choice I give you will be an easy way out.  I have the power in this relationship and you would do well to remember it.”
Why don’t you let the boys in, they are probably thinking of ways to storm the room, you know how impatient they get, and l want to see them, it’s been nearly two days.”
Thor please can l have Loki’s tits until the baby pops? Promise I won’t drink him dry, well not all the time.
“Ladies and gentlemen, my omega whore is open for business, all donations will go the charities that we are supporting tonight. My bitch, will be available for the next two hours so have fun.”
“Yes, I cannot say his name, its to confusing, you are Steve and Captain America.  I know he is as well but I am trying to disassociate myself and even though the bond is still strong, I hope that with time and distance it will weaken, I don’t think that I will ever be able to bond with anyone else, he has ruined that for me.”
Bruce, Clint, Wanda, Vision and Dr Strange were all eating in the kitchen on the Avengers floor.
They had been heading towards an understanding before the battle with Thanos, but looking back they had never discussed what kind of relationship they would have once bonded and what their roles would be.  Tony had assumed that things would continue almost the same apart from they would have a sexual relationship and build a more intimate bond of emotional support.  He had never thought that Steve may have a different view of the dynamics of boned relationships, stupid of him considering Steve, even though he had adapted highly to the modern era may still retain some the traditional views of the roles in an Alpha/Omega mating.
Once Tony’s breathing had evened out and his body lay heavy against his chest he carried his sleeping Omega back to their bed.  Placing him on his side he cuffed Tony’s wrists together and chained them to the headboard, he did the same with his ankles.  Tony had room to turn but would not be able to leave the bed.  Covering him with a sheet he asked Jarvis to direct him to the workshop and to ensure that the furnace was heated to the correct temperature.
“Mmmm…. Going to sleep now, carry me to bed my big strong Alpha.”
We will start with therapy sessions with Lydia, so that he can express his thoughts and emotions and we can see what memories he has maintained. Once we have established how much conditioning remains and any triggers we will be able to decide on a treatment program.  I must warn you that you may have to come to terms with the fact that you will not have your baby boy as before, it is almost impossible to repeat the initial Conditioning Therapy and gain the same results.
End of Flashback
“Yes……yessss!................”
“Mmm mmm tastes so good, want his tits full of milk all the time. Bucky come with us to his appointment and we will see what the Doctors say. “
Leaning down he slapped his omega’s face, until bleary eyes looked at him.
Tony drifted, eyes fluttering closed, held tight against Daddy’s chest he felt safe and protected, “Paci, Daddy please.”  He startled when three fingers were pushed into his mouth instead of his pacifier.
“Suck them little cow see what sweet milk you produce,  my pups are going to grow big and strong on this sweet honey.  Going to keep your udders full, milk you every day, make sure there is enough milk for all of us, daddy any his pups need your tits full and bursting with our milk.”
Lastly, I am going to perform the surgery to remove her penis and sheath. I will leave all the nerves intact behind a small flap of skin, it makes for an excruciating punishment when pressed on too hard, it can also be a source of great sexual pleasure as a reward for good behaviour.  Bitch like this one will probably be feeling the pain for a long time, she is not going to break easily.
“Fuck you, asshole!  you can shove the soap where the sun don’t shine!  If you think I am going to let you order me around you are not my Alpha, you dickhead.”
Steve arranged for the doctor to return in four weeks to do the scan and examine Tony to ensure everything was progressing as expected.
Tony tried to push the pump away from Steve’s hand, but didn’t have the strength and Steve just grabbed hold of his hands and held them still.
Look at these photos, in the early ones see how girly she appeared, dresses, pigtails, frilly socks and patent shoes.  In these ones the year after her brother went to college, look at the drastic change in her appearance, short bobbed hair, baggy clothes and trainers, but see how her father is still not standing near her.  She sublimated all her softness and femininity and tried to become a replacement son, hoping to gain her father’s notice and attention now she was the only child remaining at home.
Thor roared with laughter later that day when Clint sat him down to watch Lord of the Rings.
Letting his Alpha voice speak out at a low level, with a flash of green to his eyes, he grasped her chin.
Have split chapter so next ones will be Darcy then May.
“Perfect, sweet little clit,” whispers Winter as he flicks the useless cock, his own cock dripping as he takes in Tony’s flame red face and shocked eyes.
Once Jarvis confirms they still have half an hour before the pups are due to wake Steve lifts Tony on to his lap spearing his pussy with his cock, standing up as though Tony weighs nothing he feels the omega’s legs cling round his waist as Winter pulls out Tony’s plug and slides his cock up in to his still loose hole.
Needless to say, Peter and yourself, are going to have to face the consequences of these serious transgressions.”
Pulling Tony in front of him, he hugs him to his chest, so the paparazzi have a clear view of Tony’s panties and the small bulge of his cock, through the open zip of his jeans. He splayed a possessive hand across Tony’s chest, brushing over his nipples so the stood out.
“Yes Alpha.”
“Face and mouth, want her choking on my cum and want to see her lips stretched round my cock when I fuck her face.”
Winter wheeled the doctor’ stool between Tony’s wide spread thighs after snapping a rubber glove over his metal hand.
“I choose you Steve, don’t want to be alone, please don’t send me away.  l promise to behave and do everything you ask, please give me another chance, l love you Steve.”
“Wonderful Andre, maybe next time we will go shorter, but this is perfect, now get her to makeup and then dressed in one of her new outfits.  Alpha Rogers is expecting us for a Pack dinner.”
“Bloody hell, look at the milk leaking from his tits!  Those teats must be at least and inch long.”
The journey back was a nightmare, every corridor seemed to be suddenly full of staff, the elevator stopping at every floor.  Steve even made him taken the stairs between certain floors just to prolong his nightmare.  He could feel all the eyes raking over his exposed arse see the trails of stars disappearing into his crack, trying to catch a glimpse of his heavy metal cock cage swinging freely between his thighs. His face cheeks burned as red as his arse and he could feel the flush continue down his neck spreading across his chest.
“There we go, all cleaned up, silly baby there is no need to be bashful about being naked, you haven’t got anything I have not seen before.  Now let’s get you wrapped up this big warm fluffy towel so that your daddy can diaper and dress you when he has finished speaking to your Aunty Pepper.”
Tony was still shaking as Steve led him back to the bed, partly through shock but mostly horny from his Alpha’s kiss. If he was in his right mind and not brain addled with lust and pregnancy hormones he probably would have been freaking out more upon hearing Steve’s weird declaration of love.  At least he would not have to submit to a psychopathic Bucky anymore.  He would worry about the Winter Soldier after his pups were born.
“Tony, you are beautiful and so intelligent when it comes to the creative work you do in your lab for Stark Industries, but you are hopeless when it comes to taking care of yourself. Especially after your breakdown, you need firm guidance and rules to follow so that you do not fracture and devolve into a psychotic break again.
There we go, see the pretty lights, on the other side there will be a special someone waiting to greet you, he is going to be ecstatic that his mate and child have been returned to him. Now come along step through, the pups are safe on the other side.”
Frustrated beyond belief Tony watched as all the Alphas found their release.  Steve and Bucky jerked each other off, Bruce and Clint both had their fingers thrusting in to Natasha’s cunt as she worked their cocks, all had their eyes on Thor as he fucked Loki.  The smell of sex and cum filled his nostrils, his empty holes throbbed, desperate to be filled, he screamed out his frustration;
Steve fed Tony the cunt juice covered beads, curious to see how many she could take before choking.  His cock hardened again at the fear and alarm on his omega’s face as he pushed another two beads past swollen red lips.
He will hate it, he has never wanted to be that kind of omega. I know that you both were tentatively  working towards a formal relationship but we don’t  know what he has suffered over these past months and there is the baby to consider, whose is it, has a DNA test been done?”
Once again Steve thought if Howard was standing in front of him right at this moment, he would have no hesitation in punching him flat out.  The bastard deserved to burn in Hell for the mental and physical abuse Tony has suffered at his hands, Maria must have had some inkling of what he had planned, surely, she could not have been that oblivious to her only son’s abuse.
Meg turned to check on her charge who had been quiet for the last few minutes, he was sipping on a bottle of water eyeing both of them with an unhappy look on his face.
Loki’s screams of rage echoed through the Tower, all the inhabitants breathed a sigh of relief when those screams turned to moans and cries to be fucked harder, although after three hours of listening to Thor pound Loki into the mattress they were all feeling raw.  The sudden silence had them all breathing sighs of relief, though short lived as Loki’s wails started up again, as Thor roared with pride and satisfaction.
“Tony that is not what I expected of you, how could you think such a thing?  I would never have expected hear such derogatory words coming from you.”
“Ha! Dirty little slut can’t even go five minutes without disobeying our order for silence.  What do you think Steve, perhaps our wanton slutty meg bitch needs a reminder that we have total control and can do anything we please and there is not a fucking thing he can do!”
Steve allowed Tony to wear some sleep pants and one of his large t-shirts for the walk to the medical floor, his omega’s stomach had reduced back to its normal pregnancy size once his breakfast had been digested.  Steve was looking forward to it getting larger again with each feeding and the growth of the pups.  He wanted his omega heavy with the weight of pups and layers of flesh covering his bony body.
Steve took a long hot shower whilst Potts was being removed and the maid came in to remake the bed and tidy room.  His cock was still hard even though his knot had gone down. Naked he strode into the nursery and picked up his baby boy, carrying him back to his bed, soon he had them settled, Tony cradled against his chest with his cock warming in his baby boy’s tight warm hole.
“Alpha, may l go to the bathroom?”
Chapter 81
“Nurse Meyer I am sorry that I pushed you away I hope I did not hurt you, please can you help me back on to the bed.  I would be grateful if you would assist me in getting ready for my appointment with Dr Gottlieb.”
************ *************** ***************** **************** *************
“There we go Armless, two thick rings in your balls, now hold still while I do your nipples.  There we go, now these chains from your nips will pull your balls up and out of the way whilst you exercise.
Your mother and I would have been so proud of you for following in the family tradition, but instead you spurned your family, and rubbed your success in our faces.  I know it was you who bought out our business when we defaulted on our loan repayments.  You just couldn’t loan us the money and let us keep the firm, my own daughter destroyed my company.
The scold’s bridle whilst not overly heavy was close fitting, the tongue plate made it difficult to swallow, she could feel the drool running over her lips and down her chin.  The harsh leather collar and cuffs chaffed her soft skin and she thought longingly of her beautiful supple butter soft leather collar with its diamond and emerald jewels, she even missed all the body jewellery that usually adorned her skin.
Still furious he tossed Tony onto the bed after ripping off the makeshift gag, grabbing his hips to raise his boy’s asshole in line with his engorged cock. Uncaring he rammed his cock into Tony’s wet hole, forcing his girth passed the tight ring. With a bruising grip he battered his hole until his knot caught and Tony was limp beneath him.  The edge taken off his anger he paced round the suite, smacking Tony’s red asshole if he dared to make a sound or move his dangling limbs as he hung off his knot.
Tony can’t believe that Steve has managed to talk Pepper into allowing them to have four days vacation, he can’t stop smiling at they fly up to the Cabin, it’s remote and fairly basic by his standard but he knows that Steve wants a complete break from the hectic nature of their lives and that he does not want Tony to get distracted by his workshop, Jarvis is on his phone in case of emergencies but otherwise is not linked to the Cabin at all.
Tony knew better than to say no, as much as he hated his over sensitive holes being filled again, he willingly welcomed his Alphas cocks, fat tears rolled down his cheeks as his stomach heaved and roiled as he choked on Steve’s thick creamy cum, as he shuddered and squirted through the agonising pain of another orgasm, that very pain causing him to scream and come again one final time before he collapsed exhausted against Winter’s chest.
Removing his fingers, he slammed his cock in with one hard thrust pushing Tony up against the counter toiletries spilled off onto the floor as Tony scrabbled for purchase. Hearing a gasp of pain instead of arousal he pulled his omega up against his chest realising that the marble edge of the counter was digging into his soft belly with each thrust.
He knew that she was at her most fertile today and would be pregnant by the morning.  Bruce had injected her with fertility drugs whilst at the Tower after the twins were born.  Happy had wanted to ensure she would get pregnant straight away and have more than one baby again.
I am doing this all to protect you, harsh as your treatment has been it would be nothing compared to what the Registry and the Authorities would do if they found out that you were from an alternate universe, do not make me regret my generosity in allowing the lesser of the two treatments. You need to conform and learn your place in our society, only once the Registry is satisfied will I be able to lessen the harshness of your position.”
You will submitted to me as your Alpha there is no other outcome, I will keep you safe and care for you, guide you in all things make you a better Omega.  But make no mistake I will not tolerate any wilfulness or disobedience, you will be punished for any transgressions against my will.  I do this for your own good so that you can fulfil your rightful place, do you understand?”
Now little one it is time for bed, lets put your paci back in and get you wrapped up snug as a bug in a rug.”
Tony had forgotten how stubborn Steve could be and that once he had an question in his head, he never let it go of it, until he had the answer he wanted.
“Good night sweetheart, tomorrow we are going to spend some time at Stark Industries, and you will get to play in R&D with Bruce, whilst Natasha and I attend the board meeting.  Then we have an early dinner engagement with some potential investors, so you will need to be my twink husband all day and charm everyone.”
“Hush my omega all will be fine, you will be a strong brilliant mother I have every confidence in your ability to look after our pups.  This is what you were made for this will fulfil your omega nature, no more stupid ideas of independence and rebelling against your Alpha.
“Now little omega I will ask you once again, what are you and what do you want of us?”
Peter is nineteen years old in this story, not a minor (I am from the UK so the age of consent is 16).
Voice shaking he responded with the only answer that wouldn’t see him severely punished.
Fuck you, this ends now!”
“ S..stop it that’s mine, you cannot do this I am not Aesir, I am human, a visitor. Captain Rogers and Alpha Winter will be extremely angry with you, Thor will be as well.”
Now whilst l admire your work ethic you cannot go unpunished for such a blatant shows of disrespect.  You were 15 minutes late for your medical appointment and then to compound it you did not apologise to Dr Banner.  You showed your Pack Alpha no obeisance when you entered the room and you have also taken up Natasha’s valuable time by deliberately taking your time getting ready this morning.”
Natasha, arrange for his hair to be styled and permanent make up to emphasise his big  bambi eyes and plump lips.”
“Sweetheart what’s the matter? You have only been down here 45 minutes, l was expecting to have to come carry you out when you forgot the time.”
I will contact the task force when the first omegas start to arrive at the staging point, having to give them new photo identities will give you the means to decide on which ones to cut loose for pick up later and which ones you want to arrange to be collected for special treatment.”
“I’m glad that you are here Pepper, l always wanted a friend.  Steve has been so good and patient with me after all the trouble l caused him, so l try to be a good boy for him. That way we get to spend our afternoon together every week.
“Natasha l don’t think this is appropriate for a business photo shoot, l am not comfortable and do not feel that it is the kind of image that the Company would want to promote.”
Steve had praised him for being a ‘good girl’ for entertaining the Grahams and had said he could have extra lab time as a reward.  He wasn’t sure about the dress and being called a girl, but it made him feel all warm and tingly when Steve smiled and kissed him gently, calling him beautiful.
His eyes were lined with black khol not too heavy just enough to be noticeable and his lips glistened with a clear gloss, at least Steve had been please with him for having at least the bare minimum of makeup.  Tony had only used it on the rare occasions he wanted to play the doe eyed omega to encourage his latest one night stand into the bedroom.
that had surrounded Bucky. Clear blue eyes a deeper shade than Steve’s stare him down until he lowers his eyes a red flush covering his cheeks.  His heart beat increases rapidly as Winter strides towards him and it takes all his strength not to turn tail and run.
Tony quickly blinked twice, there was no way he was going to spend two hours bound and gagged for all the other Avengers to see and mock.  It was humiliating enough when he had to spend meal times with them kneeling on the floor by Steve’s chair.  His Alpha’s knot was huge and painful but at least he would get some enjoyment from it and since he was continuously hungry because of the pups and craved Steve’s cum it would be no hardship to eat breakfast.
Bonding.
Bruce silently stepped into the conference room, Steve acknowledged his presence and beckoned him over.
“Fuck! That is so amazing you have started producing milk already, the Alphas said this could happen after coming into close physical contact with other omegas but I would probably have to wait days to see if you were going to start lactating this early in your pregnancy.
Once again, he could see that Tony was overwhelmed and upset, his poor sweetheart was teary eyed and trembling.  Unable to resist the overwhelming need to comfort his Omega he sat on the side of the bed and carefully gathered Tony into his arms until he was sitting on his lap, face tucked close to his neck, so he could breath in the calming scent of Alpha pheromones.  Gently caressing Tony’s hair, he waited until his breathing evened out and the tenseness melted from his body.
Hulk was having none of that noise, milk cows didn’t scream or speak, they only mooed, abruptly the screams cut off as he shoved one of fingers in to Daisy’s mouth, forcing it deep into her throat.  Squeezing rhythmically one of her thick long nipples he began to milk her tit as he fucked her mouth with his finger.
“Captain Rogers I think you will be extremely pleased with the results of the height reduction treatment, Tony is now only 5ft 1 inch in height.  He has surpassed the maximum 5 inches reduction which is due I believe to the combination of medications he received.  We will continue to monitor his height for the period of his stay as this is the first medically recorded use of this combination of drugs on a human subject so there could be further loss.
Tony shook his head, he couldn’t for the life of him think of one thing to ask, he was certain it was all some huge mistake or a massive practical joke, probably instigated by Clint to get back at him for all the pranks he had pulled.  But a little voice in the back of his head was telling him that there was no way that Steve or Pepper would allow it, especially knowing how awful his relationship with his father had been.  Looking back, he could admit that Howard had never cared for him no matter how much he had tried to gain his approval and love, but after his twelve birthday he had become even more cold and harsh in his treatment.
It’s your choice, his balls are going to stay the size they are now and will produce little to no cum.  His cock may length an inch or two once his hormones stabilise and he will get an erection again but that is only if you do not breed him again when his post pregnancy heat hits.”
“Go to medical a room has been prepared, JARVIS has devised a plan to remove the trigger words so that Bucky remains within you until we can contact the Supreme Sorcerer or Thor to see if he can be completely suppressed or removed.”
Whilst his marriage to Captain Rogers provided some stability in his personal life for a time and even improved his involvement with his Company, it has unfortunately not been enough and his more erratic and disturbing behaviour has once again come to the fore.
Steve snorted, Bruce was so predictable, he hated anyone interfering with his experiments or programming. Tony and Bruce had clashed a number of times over the fact that he would just waltz into Bruce’s lab and start poking at his experiments.  It was a good job that Hulk liked Tony or else he would have been smashed by now.
“Good Captain we will not take any offence if you wish to feed your omega now.  In Asgard it is something of a ritual in the mornings for a group of omegas to break their fast at the table of their Alphas, a competition if you like to see which omega can preform the best being the first to gain their Alpha’s seed.”
Since the rings came off your body has begun to transform, it was instant for you cock as it was so small to begin with.  Your whole body is shrinking and that is why you ache, and your skin feels like it is burning.  By early evening you will be approximately 4ft 8 inches maybe a little less, as I had them adjust the spell when you last went back for treatment, so they are not sure exactly how small you will get, it depends on how both the spells react.
Once back in the throne room he beckoned Thor forward.
Dr Gottlieb called for Nurse Meyer to take Tony to the Therapy room for the first session, after advising Steve that the trigger words would for each age would be simplified to ‘moi bambino’, ‘moi ragazzino’ and ‘moi giovane’ and the lullaby would be used to re enforce his aging down if he proved resistant at any time.
Steve motioned for Tony to stand and led him up the steps and through the entrance doors into the vestibule where the rest of the Avengers had gathered waiting to escort them into the Ball Room for Tony’s formal presentation.
Come on Steve I am starting to get really pissed off with this, get these stupid gloves of me and I why the fuck am I wearing a diaper, these people are nuts!  Steve come on this joke is not funny anymore.  I need to get back to work I have designs and upgrades to finish for Pepper, Bruce and I are close to a breakthrough in our water filtration system and Natasha and Clint’s equipment need to be assessed for damage and repaired before their next assignment.”
Steve released a burst of calming pheromones whilst massaging his omega’s stomach to help pass the food through his stomach.  Tony whimpered in relief as he breathed in his Alpha’s calming scent content to lay still and submit to his Alpha’s ministrations.
But then Bucky would stand him in front of the mirror and he couldn’t help but preen when Bucky told him how pretty he looked and how much he was going to dirty him up.
The treatment will begin tomorrow morning once he has rested for the night after detox, he will be sedated as the pain can be excruciating, he will be given specially produced pain killers, but will still feel some discomfort during the periods we wake him for his therapy sessions but this can be managed and used as an incentive to focus and respond positively during therapy.  It will take 48 hours for the process to fully take effect and your boy will take some time to adjust to the physical differences, which is another bonus in our favour as he will continue to be weak and in need of assistance to enable him to complete any physical tasks.
Pieces of the phones flew across the lab, hitting the wall before landing on the floor.
“Yes, Mr President.”
Natasha brushed the sleeping Omega’s hair off his forehead before placing a soft kiss, “бедный котенок.”  He was Pack now, under her protection, she would do everything to ensure that he became healthy and happy.  For him she would be willing to give up her secret talent for baking, he would not be able to resist her Spiced Honey Russian cake and Baklava.
Steve being a but underhanded when getting Tony to upload new over ride coding for Jarvis.
“Aww, sweet boy, you have me now, did that other Steve ever show any sign that your affection for him was returned? Hmmm, I don’t think so, he would have already claimed and mated you, filled your belly full of babies.  Alphas don’t wait if they sense an omega is a suitable mate.   Tell me the truth now, were you ever more that just fellow Avengers?”
Natasha lowered her skirt, pushing Petey away after he had finished eating her out.  The sissy was teary eyed and shivering, his frilly panties soaked with slick, she pushed her foot against his caged cock, enjoying his pained moans as she squashed his still healing cock.
“Please Alpha you chose, its to confusing and I just want to be a good omega for my Alpha, I don’t know the right answer.  I chose to let you decide for me.”
It creeped her out the David way followed her every move, he wouldn’t even leave the bathroom to let her pee.  The shower was hot and soothed her aching limbs, lathering up her hair she closed her eyes not wanting to see her brother staring yet again at her breasts and baby belly.
No, you do not get to say anything or complain, how many times did l warn you that this punishment would be severe if you ever earned it, hmmm?
Steve kissed the confused omega nosing at his glands, scenting the subtle shift in Tony’s chaotic aroma, amongst the acrid stink of fear and pain, there was a minute scent of vanilla, a tiny thread of trust. He signalled to Bruce that he was done for now, tonight he would continue his assault on the omega’s mind and body, he would have Tony’s willing consent to a full bonding, a forced bond could be broken and he was determined that nothing and no one would ever be able to take the small omega away from him.
The Norns looked at their Tapestry, it could be done, but did they want to keep Asgard from the path of doom, would one small omega be enough to change the fate of an entire people.  Skuld close her eyes and opened her mind to what could be.  Urd and Verdandi watched as she began to smile and then laugh.
Steve pulled him off a few minutes later, smiling at Tony’s flushed cheeks and panting breaths. His baby’s plump swollen lips glistened with precum from his once again hard cock, he wanted to bend his baby boy over and fuck him senseless, listen to him scream as he pounded his ass.  Unfortunately, he would need to wait until all the physical procedures to Tony’s body had fully taken and healed.
Tony saw a red light above Darcy’s stall begin to flash, within seconds two handlers appeared, one went into her stall, after switching off the dildos, he pushed his fingers into her pussy the other hand on her stomach.
“Shhh Darcy, talking without permission is what has gotten you into trouble
Steve growled at her dominant display until she lowered her eyes, pushing Tony to his knees he told him to crawl to Natasha and service her.
Steve’s cock jerks, it never fails to make him hard when he hears Tony saying those words of submission.
Yes, I have initiated a full Traditional Alpha Bond with my Omega.  As to my omega’s health and the issues of breeding, the serum in my blood and cum has had a beneficial effect on his health and there will be an announcement later this evening on the matter.
Steve looked down at his still sleeping omega deciding to let him be, after all there would be little time for rest over the next few months he would need to ensure Tony and the pups stayed healthy and well but it also meant that his training would need to be accelerated and adapted.  He would not have his pups raised by a unruly, wilful and disobedient mother.
Take a few minutes to think about it and ask any questions you may have, then you will need to give Dr Gottlieb and I your answer.”
You will find clothes in the chest, appropriate for working in.
Between his Watcher wanting him to pose and dress up and looking after the milk cow, he was exhausted and incredibly frustrated. He took it out on BB, slashing in her buttocks and tits with the crop, getting even more angry when she moaned and squirted.
Happy stroked his cock to the rhythm of Peppers smacks, as he soaked in his bubble filled bath, when Peter let out an agonised scream as the brush thwacked his balls, Happy climaxed smiling as his cum coated the tiles.
“Ms Romanov it is such a pleasure to see you again, and who is this beautiful specimen that you bought with you today?”
Now he needed to put into action his plans for Steve, Tony and the kids.  The other Avengers were not a problem, they all lived and worked out of the Compound.  Hawkeye had retired last year and move back to his farm, not wanting to go on missions without Natasha.   The only residents of the Tower were himself, Steve, Tony and the two pups
Bruce’s knot exploded when Steve followed his order, he could smell the other Alpha’s cum as it spilled down Tony’s throat, his own cum pulsed into the omega’s pussy as he firmly pressed his fingers against Steve’s furled hole.  He smiled when the Alpha pressed back if only for a few seconds, until he realised what he was doing.
Half remembered images flashed through his mind of the few times he had ever seen an omega during the war or at one of the many bases he had been kept at.  Taking out his knife he cut through the front of the thick material pulling it off unresistant arms tossing it on the floor.  This was how an omega should be naked and collared.
First Stark Industries, you will be stepping down as Head of R&D immediately, you will continue to work on projects for SI in your own workshop. You will not work more that twenty hours a week unless l give you permission.  Pepper has adjusted your salary accordingly, any private consultancy work will be thoroughly vetted by Pepper and myself, and you will be accompanied by security at all times if l or the Avengers are not available.”
Violent sex and punishment.
It was a ten mile hike to the Portal site, and they would have to leave before dawn, if it had been him on his own there would not have been a problem, but with Tony being pregnant and having no proper foot wear it was going to be slow going even if he carried hi part of the way.
“Don’t you think that I should wait for Tony to wake up before touching him, it seems rather non- consensual, maybe I should wait and discuss what is going to happen, set a time for bonding, give him a chance to recover fully.”
I do not like green eggs and ham
He looked over at the punishment frame, Stark was spread-eagled, ankles and wrists cuffed to each corner, his limbs trembling already at the strain placed on them by the taut stretch, the cheeks of his naked backside spread, his furled hole stretched wide around the thick base of a plug, thighs glistening with slick.  He shuddered at the distasteful sight of the omega’s caged cock and balls hanging between his spread legs.  The thick leather collar ensured that he could not lower his head, the ball gag muffled his shouts, it was telling that his eyes flashed between anger and pain, there was no remorse or omega submissiveness showing.    It was only the slight swell of barely there, breasts and the soft rounded mound of omega belly that gave away Stark’s true orientation.  There were just a few questions that he needed answers to before he passed judgement.
He visited Pepper at the mansion, and often played with the kids but had no compulsion to become their father, he was the eccentric uncle and happy with that. Steve spent time with the twins as they grew older and he and Natasha introduced them to Stark Industries when they could both read and write, whilst not geniuses they were highly intelligent.
What do you think Tony, do you want to be my Omega Mate, have the life you were born to have but Howard denied you?  The de-aging spell has been a god send in a way, now you have the chance to start over as a young Omega. I have lost count of the times I wished you were an omega, or I was a beta or base-line so that we could be together.”
He reached down to finger his swollen pussy, hissing at the sting of his nails scrapping over the abused skin, pinching his clit hard he arched as a bolt of pain shot through his cunt, lifting his soaked fingers licked them clean aware that his Alpha had entered the room and was watching him.
“Once you have performed your poses, get dressed and go to the barn.  I have got you a milk cow, all you need to do is follow the instructions I have left for you to process her and harness her up.
“No! you can’t do that to me, I am a Black Widow, I can be useful to you, just give me a chance to prove it.  I will tell you where Steve and Stark are, if you let work for you.  I don’t want to go back my world, there is to much death and rebuilding to be done.”
Chapter 72
Got to get you all warmed up for Wolf, because when he takes over there will be nothing but brutal fucking, knotting and biting.
Hooking Tony’s cuffed wrists high above his head he watched as Tony’s feet scrabble for purchase on the floor hampered by the spreader bar attached to his ankles pulling his legs wide.  Balanced precariously on his toes his muscles were pulled taut in both arms and legs.
Let me introduce you to formally my fellow board members even though you may already know some of them.  I am of course Secretary Ross, next Senator John Winchester, Commander Steve McGarrett, NCIS Director Jethro Gibbs, SHIELD Director Nick Fury, Judge Sam Winchester, CEO of Stark Industries Virginia Potts and Hope Van Dyne CEO of Pym Industries.
“That’s it Tony you are doing so well, I am just going to check where the baby’s head is at, now I want you to give me a good long push on this next contraction.”
Tony at first enjoyed the feeling of flying through the air, the breeze cooling his flushed cheeks as he giggled and kicked his legs, calling out for his daddy to push him higher, all thoughts of needing to pee disappeared.  He couldn’t recall ever being taken to the park by Howard or his mother.
The birthing chair ensures that the bitches stay focused and can’t harm their pups before they bond. Force bred omegas are known for going feral, the only way to stop that is to restrain them, cover them in their milk and ensure the pups latch on the moment the are born.  The pups will bond instantly during feeding and the bitches will take to the pups within a the day of constant breastfeeding.
"Calm down my pretty little omega I am not going to hurt you, I am not Bucky.
Tony nodded his head, it was bearable, and he wanted to please everyone, especially Daddy, show him that he was a big boy and did not need to be treated like a baby anymore.
Sit the bitch on your cock facing me, hook your arms round his and pull back on his shoulders so his tits are pushed out. Doc said to inject each tit twice then just under each nipple.”
“Sit down and don’t move, Steve is just bringing Tony out, you will be a good fat cow and let him drink your milk.  Dr Banner says that you need to start producing milk to store ready for the babies and that breast feeding now will make your milk come in.”
If you desire it, with many weeks of stretching and training I can get it to a size where you can plug her cunt with it.”
Have not seen End Game and have no intention to, knew it was inevitable they would kill him, but am not going to put myself through 3 hours of film just for that ending.  Watched a certain two clips on youtube at 7am in the morning the day the film came out and cried my eyes out, even now it makes me so sad to think about it.
Tony’s children via the donor eggs all showed genius level intelligence and suitable tutors were found to home school them.  It was the only time Tony argued with Steve, he might not want to teach them himself until they were older, but he wouldn’t allow them to be sent to boarding school to be bullied and ostracized because they were younger and different. The spanking he had received had been totally worth it, but he knew that Steve had not spanked him as hard as he normally would.
“Well done Tony, you are very flexible and a quick to learn, so tomorrow we will move forward to the intermediate level and  l will teach you a few positions to use that will increase your Alpha’s pleasure.
3.	Be silent and still in company, unless given permission to speak or move.
Tony looked at Steve, who nodded his approval.
Pulling out the small butt plug that was already in place, he ran the much larger replacement along her swollen sex, coating it in her juices. He slowly worked the head of the plug past the tight ring of muscles, at its widest point he pressed down hard, the muscles resisting the stretch of the 8inch circumference.
Apologies for putting up the same chapter  with a bit added, have deleted it now and the new bit at the end of that chapter is now the beginning of this new chapter.
Tony whined as Steve kissed him, he wasn’t used to the tenderness of soft kisses and a warm hand caressing his breasts.  He could feel Steve’s knot stretching him wide as his cock pushed up against his prostrate.  He just wanted to lay and bask in the tenderness of this taking, he could have this for himself, he deserved it, reality could wait for a little while.
I am going to slide out and turn you on to your back, you will put your hands flat on the mattress and keep your legs spread wide. You will not move unless l reposition you, and l do not want to hear a sound pass your lips.
Dr Gottlieb ushered Steve into his office aware that the Captain was impatient for news about Ms’ Potts and if Tony was ready to be discharged.
“Oh ... oh....uh uh ohhh….Alp…ha….Alp..ha  I need oh god I need, come on do it fuck me harder, bite me, own me do anything you want just make me come!”
Tony’s breath catches in his throat silencing his reply as his cock is viciously jerked downward and the rubber band round his left breast snaps back in to place, two shuddering breaths is all he takes before he obeys, his cock explodes,  holes clench squirting their juices as waves of sweet pain role through his body, black spots clouding his vision. His voice is rasping and low as he replies.
Steve on hearing this bit down hard at the juncture of Tony’s neck and shoulder, teeth breaking through skin and worrying at the flesh searching for the scent glands.  His teeth pierced the glands a musky, woody flavour flooded his mouth mingling with the blood he swallowed it down, lapping at the bite his saliva mixing with the blood and scent excretion.
All these behaviour patterns had had screamed out to him, making him more suspicious with every interaction and once the Avengers had moved in to the Tower they had all noticed a commented about Tony’s often volatile and irrational behaviour, excusing it at first as just the eccentric behaviour of the billionaire genius.
After Swiping his fingers through the mess on his stomach he fed them in to Tony’s mouth, letting his omega suckle on them until they were clean.
See how l am manipulating the ice crystal at the end to stretch her clit, this thick crystal in the tip will act as a plug once her clit is stretched as long as Thor wants it to be, it will grip the walls of her cunt and she will be able to fuck herself internally with it using her cunt muscles, properly trained she can climax from massaging her cunt nerve.
Keep practicing the presentation positions, on my next assessment I will be expect perfection, I will also want to see that you know and can form the first set of traditional omega sexual positions.  I will make my report to the Registry and will forward you their findings.”
Taking a bottle of oil he liberally rubbed it all over Tony’s body and limbs until he glistened, droplets running down into his ass cheeks teased his furled hole making his cock twitch and slowly start to fill.
Pepper from then onward would make him wear it as a punishment, aware how humiliated weak and scared it made him feel, the thought of someone seeing the lacy garments peeping over the waistband of his trousers in a board meeting terrified him, any respect he had garnered would be lost with such a blatant show of his orientation. Even worse was when she had him wear erotic underwear with stocking and high heels whenever he stayed in her home, even though she never made her mate Happy wear such things.
Memories wiped after every mission, he was then put in cryogenic sleep until he as needed for his next mission.  Brutally punished for any show of rebellion or mistake on a mission, the Winter Soldier became a cold, unfeeling, killing machine.
“Alpha Bruce, I won’t do anything to jeopardize Peter’s position, I will be the best milk cow and surrogate breeder, so that I can still be a part of his life.  I know it will not be easy and I will probably balk at times, but you need to believe me when I say that I am willing to embrace this new life and move on from the old.”
Pepper was utterly humiliated, they had treated her no better than an omega, there was no way that she was going to let that happen ever again.  She would apologize to her Alpha and do everything in her power to ensure he didn’t need to punish her in that way again.  Perhaps it would be for the best if she did not carry on with her plans to oust the Avengers from Stark Industries.
Tony is scared and confused, he is laying on an old bed with a sheet covering him, his hands and feet are still bound and the muzzle still tight over his lower face, he swallows round the thick penis gag, mouth dry.  He can tell that it’s been on to long, he is only supposed to wear it when travelling and when in public, until his Alpha decides he is trustworthy and not going to reveal his secret.
Pepper hated that she didn’t even contemplate not doing what Steve wanted, her cock was already hard after so long being denied the ability to fuck something.
“Steve, please don’t do this, I am so sorry and promise to never disobey you again, I don’t want to be smaller, it’s horrible enough as it is, people are going to make fun of me and laugh at me.  Please Sir, I will do any thing you want, I will be a good boy, I promise.”
If they ask you anything personal just smile and defer to me.  It’s important for the press and the public to see that you are accepting and supportive of the new omega legislation.  I know that it is not what you are used to, but as far as the public are aware, you were injured in the battle and then bed bound with pregnancy complications.”
It was so natural to just give out the instructions to Friday now.  When he had first come out of the ice he had been confused and horrified at the way the world had changed, especially all the technology advancements.  Tony had been enthusiastic about getting him up to speed, even when they we clashing over how the Avengers should be run he always took the time to explain how things worked, at first he had thought the omega was being condescending but it did not take long to realize that he genuinely cared.
Stupid Steve, will he ever realize which Tony he is actually fucking?
It is going to take some time to establish a good rapport with him, but I am committed to ensuring his mental health does not suffer to the extent it has done in the past when he has been faced with such physical and emotional upheaval.
Tony made no fuss when his Alphas carried him to the bathroom, nor when then thoroughly cleaned him inside and out. He grumbled quietly as they filled his holes with two thick heavy plugs which pressed against his prostate and rubbed his clit every time he moved.  The nano-bot bands tightened round his breasts, which had thankfully returned to their normal size after Hulk’s play session.  Even so they were still sizable, the bands round each base ensuring they were thrust forward on full display, his nipples thick and erect, each one clamped to stop his milk from leaking.
“Well don’t you just remind me of my little sister the day Daddy caught her out in the horse barn kissing cousin James, sixteen years old and the little omega bitch was ready to spread her legs for the first boy who showed an interest. Daddy whoop her ass good with a switch, the he made her strip to her underwear and sit on this very stool for the next part of her punishment.
Blood red eyes stared down at him as he writhed and begged, cruel lips teasing his nipples, nipping and sucking until the chilled teats gained some warmth, only to blow artic breath once again over each throbbing teat.  Tony could do nothing but lay there as the other omega teased his body to the brink but never allowed him that elusive orgasm. He could now smell the arousal of his Alphas and the rest of the Pack, hopefully Steve would give Loki permission to fuck him to completion.
Steve knots Tony, pulling him out of his baby headspace to do so.
“Captain America, Alpha Rogers or what ever the fuck you want to call yourself there is no fucking way that any of the aforementioned is going to happen.  Why don’t you let me continually kick you in the balls for the next ten hours and see if you can keep your prissy mouth shut!
Within moments his naked body was encased his shirt having fallen off when Steve unclipped his leash.  Crap!  He thought, this was going to be extremely uncomfortable in a short amount of time but he could live with that if it meant he was flying his armour for the first time in weeks.  Leaping of the tower he whooped with joy and rushed off towards Central Park ignoring Steve’s voice over his com unit telling him to wait for the quin jet and Thor.
“Miss Everhart, Tony and l have always had an understanding that we would mate, and he would become my omega once Thanos was dealt with.  Our relationship has been sexual in nature since Tony presented as I would not stand for anyone else helping him through his heats.  Tony and l had a contract for this with an agreement that after a proper courtship and bonding he would have my child.
Tony hissed as the flogger landed against his back.  Soon he was groaning and gasping with pain as the blows landed relentlessly.
Have amalgamated the last five chapters into one so that it is complete.
Steve entered the elevator and requested Jarvis to take them to the pent house, it was time to clean and settle his Omega before the branding took place.  He also needed to go over his rules with Tony and ensure that he was clear on any punishments he would receive for breaking them.
Steve pumped his engorged cock a few times and sprayed his cum over Tony’s back massaging it in to the swollen skin of the tattoos helping to speed up the healing process and ensuring they were scent marked.
“You are wearing far too many clothes my Omega, strip now.”
“Please Alpha I need… need… you must  aahh.. ahhh  I need to be full of your cum, I want to be swollen with you cum and babies, I’m such a bad omega but I will be so good for you if you just fuck me and fill me over and over again.”
Chapter 26
Hours later his excitement had turned into pure terror, he had only wanted to buy one of the soft plushie’s of the lead character in the film as a surprise for Steve so had snuck off whilst Steve was talking to Natasha about the latest merger talks, it would only take him a few minutes, then large hands had grabbed him and dragged him through a side exit and pushed him into awaiting van.  Now he was locked in a small room with nothing but a mattress and a bucket, his clothes having been stripped from him under the leering eyes of two burly men, and his ankle chained to a ring set in the concrete floor.
He managed to push in a fourth finger, smiling when he felt Steve push pack to meet his thrust. His own cock was rock hard and dripping, but he resisted the urge to do anything, he just kept pumping his fingers in time with Steve’s thrusts in the silent omega. Shit the ball gag was probably stopping the meg from getting enough air!
“Good boy Tony, you will be having one of these artificial cum shakes after each meal, so I am glad that you did not balk at drinking it.  Bruce will be pleased to hear that you liked it he worked hard on developing this.  It will be ideal for when I am away on missions and will give a needed source of added nutrients for you and the pups as I cannot always be here when you need to be fed.”
“Oh Tony you have not earned that pleasure yet, this will only come off when I am satisfied you are going to be a good little knot slut, when you belly is full to bursting and you cock sucking mouth can’t swallow another drop of my seed.”
Looking up at the security camera he nodded his head, there would be no need for any further recording tonight.  Motioning for her to stand he grabbed her arm pulling her forward until she was straddling his thighs, pulling on the hem of her t-shirt he pushed it up over her breasts, they were every bit as plump and perky as he had imagined, running his hands over the pale flesh he pinched and tweaks the small nubs until his bitch began to squirm and try to pull away. Making a show of yawning and relaxing against her, he nuzzled her omega gland, lapping at it with his tongue, the rapid pulse beating beneath it making his already hard cock throb in time with each beat.
Steve was confident that this would be the case after the Judge’s visit to the Centre, so he saw no reason to inform Tony differently.
“ No it means that if she ever uses it she gets to leave, but she leaves with nothing but the clothes on her back and $100 dollars.  She then has 48 hours to change her mind and return.”
I think this is now finished :)
Either way be prepared for your omega to experience a lot of pain and discomfort before he even reaches the stage of pushing the pups out.”
“There we go sweetheart, from now on we will keep your greedy holes full, guess it’s what you are used to now.  With this remote l can switch them on anytime, anywhere, does it make you all hot and bothered to know that your holes belong to me and any pleasure you feel is totally under my control, that l can make you come whenever l want, perhaps on camera whilst being interviews.  Show the public what good little omega bitch you are now.”
Reaching forward he grabbed Tony’s waist pulling him back onto his lap, he hissed in pain when one Tony’s bound hands hit his nose and another blow landed on his cheek.  Quickly wrapping one arm round the smaller man’s waist to hold him securely against his chest he grabbed both wrists holding them tight.  Nurse Mayer who had been watching stepped forward, pulling a soft strap from her pocket she proceeded to bind both hands together.
Steve pays no attention to his omega’s mewling, his hand slips in deeper and he can feel his omega’s whole body twitching and jerking, placing his other hand on Tony’s stomach he pins him to the bed as he works his way in, smirking at the pain and fleeting pleasure he can see crossing his omega’s sweat and tear drenched face. With one final push his hand is in all the way.
“Alpha, l want my stupid, dirty, useless omega cock to be fully removed.  I want to be a proper omega and conform to the laws governing this world.  I do not want to embarrass my Alpha and Pack by pissing from my cock like an untrained dog, whenever l get too excited.”
Sira gave one last hard tug with her tongue on the bitch’s clit ring before sitting back to give Thor a view of the now large engorged clitoris.
Nose pressed to the wall, his drawers round his ankles he contemplated how much his life had changed in the past few weeks.
“Natasha, where is Bruce, and do you know the reason for Tony being without his mitts?”
He had rectified that immediately by fucking her against the barrier and then strapping her behind with his belt until she fainted.  He had then  dragged her back to his suite and fucked her constantly for the next 48 hours.
Clint cackled as he nudged his cock further into Pepper’s mouth, the stupid cow moaned and leaned forward an inch, tongue licking along his length.
9.	Discipline second position – Wobbling slightly he raised himself to his feet, whilst keeping his hands in the same position.
“ Aww is poor little Pepper feeling a bit full, surely you have room for another load, no well then l am gong to just have my fun playing with these fat nubs until your husband picks you up.”
Two days later Steve stood staring through the window of the high care room. To one side was the incubator with a small baby attached to all kinds of wires and monitors. The other half of the room held Tony’s bed, he looked small and fragile as he lay sleeping, only the steady beep of the heart rate monitor gave any indication that he was still alive.  Bruce had disconnected all the other machines that morning and removed the IV with the sedative, it would be a few hours before the omega would begin to awaken from his drug induced sleep.
“You are improving Captain, but you need to be in absolute control of your body and mind at all times you cannot afford to be distracted by your emotions whilst fighting, save them for when you are fucking our pretty little omega.”
“Thank you for all your help Doctor Lydia, Tony would thank you bit l think my sexy boy is worn out.  I am going to take him back to our suite, and fuck his sweet little mouth, whilst l go over the new rules he must follow.”
Tony lay back on the exam table watching the monitor trying not to shiver at the cold jell being smeared over his stomach.  The press of the ultrasound transducer moving over his belly made him want to pee but he was soon distracted by the images on the screen and the rapid sound of heartbeats.
“Stay on the bed, now push your shorts down so I can see your fat belly, such a little piggy. Rub your belly, squeeze that roll of soft skin.
The next couple of hours passed with only the noise of tools or lab equipment.  Sira adapted the milking machine to fit Loki’s new body shape and added a few mechanical elements taken from her Jotun Spirit Chair, her eyes flashed gold as she thought of all the new ways to torment Loki, under the guise of training.
Once in their room, Happy had ordered her to take a three minute shower before dressing her in a black mesh dress that left nothing to the imagination and thigh high leather boots, he slicked back her hair and allowed her to apply scarlet lip stick before he placed a thick leather collar around her neck and leading her be the attached leash to the waiting limo.  Once she was kneeling at his feet on SI private jet with no means of escape, he whispered the phrase that allowed her back in control of her body and mind.   His tight hold on the leash made it impossible for her to stand, trapped between his thighs she soon exhausted herself struggling to pull away from his hold.
“Hold that position, don’t let a drop of cum out of your sloppy hole.  Our pups need all of it and you do not want to deprive them of any because you were to slow and stupid to keep your ass in the proper position!”
“S..steve, l’ve wet myself and l don’t  know what to do, it’s horrible and l hate these clothes, there not soft and my feet hurt and l want my blanket and …..”
“Madam, let me assure you that Tony is not pampered and petted, he has to work hard to repay his debt and to service the Avengers.  He is fortunate that we took pity on him and requested that we become is owners.
Sorry it has taken a while to get this out.  Still trying to keep it lighter than my normal offerings, little bit of dubious behaviour in this chapter, but Steve will come clean about it with Tony shortly.
By the time the quin jet landed in the grounds of the White House, Tony’s stomach was full of cum, his jaw ached, and his lips were swollen.  Pepper re-applied his lip gloss as he was teetering on the brink, slick trickling down his spread thighs.
Dr Strange who had remained quiet during the who conversation could see that the Captain had further questions and could guess what they would be from the puzzled face he had pulled at the mention of A/B/O societies.  Time to give a shortened summary so that they could give the Captain the option of a certain enhancement to part of his own body.
“Mmmmmmmm, just gonna keep slow fucking you into the mattress all morning, your cunt is so tight considering how many dicks have being up it, another reason l know now you are not Tony, even forced into a bond he would never allow himself to be used and he certainly would not agree to having himself emasculated just to please his Alpha.
“Hello everyone, don’t speak to my little brat today, unless it is to order him to do something for you or to make a comment on his new tiny penis.”
Now let me explain a few extra modifications I have made to the meg’s body that will give you a plethora of ways to tease and torment him with.”
Happy is right I am a bitch and a slut for cock, Sex Doll and I are not separate entities, just two halves of the same. I know my place now, Happy is my Husband and Dominant, his word is law and l have agreed to wear his collar and give myself freely over to his care.
The metal plug was only removed for cleaning and sex, replaced straight afterwards to keep his Omega full of cum and to ensure that if he was ever kidnapped or captured during a battle there would be no way for his Omega to be sexually used by anyone, attempted removal of the plug without the correct voice command or JARVIS would result in massive internal injury or death.  It was an extreme measure to take but Steve would protect his Omega any way that he could.
Steve make's use of his baby's sweet pouty lips.
When the Avengers has formed Tony had become their benefactor and technical support.  Colonel Rhodes flew the Iron Man Armor, which Tony had designed and built.
All the guests were present when the doors to the ballroom opened and the Avengers walked through led by the Captain, there was no sight of the Stark Omega with the group as they took their seats.
Bruce could see that they were all hoping for a positive answer, but he did not have one to give, there was no point in dragging things out.
Taking the crop he slashed her backside,
Tony looked at Sarah, it was strange to think this baby was part of him, she looked nothing like him, blond haired with bright blue eyes, she stared up at him with a knowing look as if to say, yes I am here and you will do exactly what l want. There was no doubt she was an Alpha.  He changed her nappy and dressed her , he yawned, his jaw aching along with his hips and sex, he couldn’t think why he ached so much, Steve hadn’t been that rough with him last night, not compared to Him.
His visit with Pepper had not gone so well, Friday had alerted him that she had been looking for ways to break his conservatorship and his bond on the grounds that Tony had been coerced and was suffering from post- partum depression at the time.
The loss of gym privileges hit the hardest, those minutes of freedom to run on the treadmill without any restraint, to be able to bend and stretch her body how she wanted had been the only thing that had saved her sanity and kept her from sinking fully into a omega feral state.  Now though she was caged and force fed constantly, the only time she could move was when she crawled to the breeding room and mounted the breeding bench.  To her mortification and horror she actually craved the attention of the hounds now, her holes wet, loose and eager to take their dicks.  She willingly opened her mouth to take their cum, without the nanotechnology of the suit keeping her lips stretched wide open.
Steve laughed as Tony cheeks flushed red with shame, but more telling was his pupils blown with desire and excitement at Winter’s words, Steve could hear their omega’s heartbeat racing as his orgasm crested, their bitch’s mouth and asshole milking their cocks of every last drop of cum.
I suggest that you check your history Director, look up the meaning of Afternoon Tea between two Alphas in the 1940s.”
Tony desperately clenched his passage trying to milk his Alpha’s cock of its cum, he could feel Steve’s knot starting to swell the burning sensation of it forcing its way past his already tightly stretched rim. He was so close to getting what he wanted and needed, he just had to get Steve to lose that last little bit of control he was holding on to.
“Father I would be more that glad to take Sira as my Steward, it is beyond time that I set up my own household, even be it on Midgard for the time being.
I will still expect you to call me Daddy or at times Sir when we are at home, but if I take you out in public you may call me Steve until you are comfortable with calling me Daddy or Sir.
Steve was not overly enthused about leaving Pup, but they did not have any choice.
Clint passed by with more bowls of snacks and casually reached over and undid Tony’s drawers.
Let’s do an ultrasound now so he can enjoy the rest of his pregnancy and you can stop feeling guilty about not telling him.
Thor travelled the bio frost with them and saw them settled in an apartment in the royal wing. Whilst the omegas were settling Tony’s pups, Thor took Bruce into another room.
“Baby, you have a big day tomorrow, if the doctor is happy with your weight gain and your hormone levels are balanced then you will be allowed to come home, so eat your evening snack and drink your hot cocoa and then I can get you settled for the night.”
Head already fuzzy he is blinded by the flash of a camera and does not realise that his legs are being held open until Bucky’s cock is rubbing his through the satin.  He mewls as other hands pinch his nipples, arching up begging for more, as a tongue invades his mouth.  All the while he can feel Bucky’s cock rubbing against his, the friction sending him insane, a harsh bite on his lip and a pinch of his nipple and he is coming, shaking and crying as Bucky soaks his body with his cum, hands pulling down the front of his panties to shoot streams of cum over his soft cock.
****************************************************************
“How would you help me Betty? It would have to be on a special way as I have a White House full of staff to do my bidding.”
The Alpha’s words finally penetrated his fuzzy mind, he felt sick as it suddenly dawned on him that the bearded Alpha fucking his asshole was probably his world’s Steve, which meant the bitch was Natasha. The must be wearing the masks that he had been developing, Bruce must have finished his work. He screamed Steve’s name as loud as he could around the gag, but with his face squashed into the mattress he knew it was futile.  He wondered why Steve still  had the mask on, perhaps they were worried they may not work again once removed, he needed to convince Steve to free his hands and give him a pen and paper so that he could communicate, he needed to let Steve know who he was as Steve was going to be distraught that he had taken him against his will, even if his body was willing and responding to the Alpha.
Bucky was beyond angry, fucking omega whore hadn’t put up any fight when he had started to play. Strung out on drugs the pathetic bitch had just lay there whilst he had cut her to ribbons, fucking her sloppy cunt gave him none of the satisfaction he got with Tony.  Bucky had left her to bleed out in her ratty apartment and gone in search of a new toy to play with.
Finally cleaned and dry he slowly made his way back into the main office where Bruce was talking to Steve, who pointed at the space under his desk.  Falling to knees he crawled under, not surprised that his Alpha’s half hard member was laying against his thigh.  He opened his mouth and carefully took in the length, making sure not to lick or suck.  Once the heavy cock was resting against his tongue, he closed his eyes and allowed himself to drift off into a half sleep.
The video of Alpha Rogers and Alpha Winter each holding a leash, leading their heavily pregnant Omega, Anthony Winter Stark Rogers along the red carpet in to the Celebration Gala broke the internet within minutes of being uploaded.
"shhhh my omega just breathe, this word is central to your life as an omega, a badge to wear with pride, to show the world you are proud to be a bonded omega ready to serve your Alpha.  Bucky and I had discussed this mark and it was going to happen after the pups arrived, unfortunately Bucky’s sickness was greater than any of us could have imagined and he took matters into his own hands.
Everything has to always be about you and what you want, have you ever considered what your husband needs, what you should to do to make him happy and to show your love and how grateful you are for him not abandoning you to a life loneliness in some care facility.”
Tony pulled himself off Steve’s cock leaving his asshole open for his Alpha’s waiting fingers, the thick long digits were soon stroking his prostrate jerking him forward so his tits dangled over Steve’s face as he had slid down further into the water so he lay resting against the back of the bath.
“Darcy be a good bitch and bring me over the folder that is on my desk, Prime Minister lets get the legalities out the way before we put your uppity omega in her true place.”
“No, Tony you will come on my cock and nothing else.”
Tony surged forward swallowing down his Alpha’s cock, sucking on the hard length desperate to get him off so he could drink his cum.  Bobbing up and down he relaxed his throat muscles to take more of his Alpha’s thick cock down in to his throat.  The thick scent of Steve’s arousal urges him on to suck harder his tongue massaging the thick veins, rolling Steve’s balls in his hand he gives them a hard squeeze as he pulls back, gently dragging his teeth along the hard length to just hold the head between his lips.
There was no way that Steve as Tony’s Alpha was going to give the reward of an orgasm for what was basic good omega behaviour that every other omega had learnt when young.  Tony had been allowed to run wild his whole life no training had been given in what was the correct and suitable way for an un bonded Omega to behave in polite society, hell any kind of society.  His Omega would have to wait for his heat to start before he could hope for any kind of release.
It was Steve’s turn to chuckle,
Steve knew it was time to tell Tony, he just hoped he understood why they hadn’t told him.
Chapter 17
Notify me when he reaches the tower, I need him to be guided straight to me in the penthouse. Ensure that the the pups are taken down to the lab and placed in the travel pods, if they wake before the Portal appears, use a mild sedative to keep them calm.
“Skinny bitch isn’t she, hardly any tits and look at that disgusting hairy snatch, need to do something about that straight away don’t you think Sir Thomas?”
Captain Rogers had men and women swooning in his full-dress uniform, his blond hair and blue eyes sparkling in the sunlight, his arm wrapped round the petite figure of his husband Tony Stark.  Dark curls had been tamed into a tousled just out of bed look, his slim body dressed in a fitted pink shirt and black dress pants, his signature high tops, noticeably without lifts adorned his feet.  He was smiling adoringly up at Captain Rogers who towered over him, clutching a small velvet cushion, it appeared as though his task had been to carry the wedding rings during the ceremony.
“Impatient little omega aren’t you? Just this once l will let you have your own way. But then it’s back into chastity and training.”
Grabbing hold of Tony’s hair, he dragged the omega out of the nursery and down the hallway into his bedroom. He made quick work of ripping off Tony’s clothes, throwing the spitting, naked omega onto the bed, warning him not to move as he turned to the dresser to pick a large wooden hairbrush.  It only took him three strides to fetch Tony back from the locked bedroom door, sitting on the bed he threw the angry omega over his lap holding his hands behind his back and bought the back of the brush down hard onto the omega’s left cheek, he continued to pepper the omega’s cheeks until the angry shouts turning into tearful whimpers then outright sobs and his flailing legs hung motionless.
Spun around to face the board members he stands completely humiliated in front of them whilst Steve sucks and bits his bond mark whilst rubbing his cum into Tony’s skin ensuring that the whole room knows that this omega is taken and totally unavailable to any other Alpha.
4.	Supplication second position – Sliding forward with his arms he straightened his body and legs until he lay on the floor.
“Steve I think our little bitch needs a break, lets get him more presentable for when the doctor returns with the results, don’t want all that cum leaking out would be waste. Got to keep him full even more now that we know there are four pups to feed.”
Physically he is is in good condition, his bones have hardened, and his limbs are proportionate to his new height. His low muscle ratio will ensure that he is weaker and will tire easily after physical exertion.  Isee that you have opted to keep him on the slender side with just a soft swell of stomach fat, rather than fatten him up as previously requested.  Our nutritionist will provide you with a diet plan that will maintain he optimum desired weight, it will also ensure that he is receiving the correct level of vitamins and minerals to keep him healthy.
“Admit it May, I am the big bad Alpha that you have always dreamed of, there will be no gentle Ben ever again, you are mine to do as I please with, and by the way your cunt is squirting and the blissed out look on your face as I pump you full of my cum, you love it!”
Whilst Tony finished his current therapy session Steve took the time to call Pepper to discuss the latest developments in Tony’s treatment.  Pepper agreed to utilizing Tony’s sperm so long as their child would be the direct heir, having a few geniuses to carry on the legacy by working for the Company was a good investment.   Both agreed that they wanted no personal involvement with raising any of these children, they would pay the fees required to provide for each child and only getting involved if the child proved to have a high IQ and would be an asset to Stark Industries.
Loki go with Sita and prepare for Odin.”
“Pepper, you can go in with Natty the hounds wouldn’t mind your scent on her or the pups as you are part of their pack now.
“201, will be bred every year until she stops producing premium quality milk. Then she will move down the rows as her milk quality and flow decreases.
Pepper had become a semi- permanent member of the kennels, Raider pounding Pepper whenever she was nursing the pups.  Pepper had pinned her down and fucked her to establish her dominance as top bitch, Natty couldn’t be bothered to fight back, it would make no difference anyway, something Pepper would have to learn on her own.
Flipping him over he pushed the diaper all the way off, exposing Tony’s ringed genitals resting on his hairless crotch. The small penis was hard, it only took one stroke of his finger for little spurts of clear cum splashed against the boy’s stomach.
Can't remember if I ever said Tony's height in this fic so just go with it.
“Captain Rogers, I am going back to my office to finish off this press statement, can you get  Natasha to join me after she had completed her calls, we need to ensure that all the legal paperwork is ready to be completed once he is awake.  We will also need to send for an Officer from the Centre for Omega Control so that Stark can be registered, I suggest donating a suitably large amount of money so that there is no call for a public display of punishment for his duplicity, we don’t need him mouthing off when he is read his list of crimes against our society.  You can flog him in front of the Officer and the Avengers before staking your claim, which I am positive the Centre for Omega Control will fully endorse.”
Thirty minutes later Nurse Meyer led him through a second set of security doors to the suite where Tony would be staying until his Conditioning had been successfully completed.  The lounge area had soft carpeting with low cushioned sofas, the large screen TV had the appearance of a mirror when not in use. An arch way led dining area with a small fully functioning kitchen off to one side.  Frosted glass panelled doors led to the guest bedroom and en-suite.  Steve looked round in approval it was understated yet tastefully done with no hint of this being part of a medical facility.
Tonight, we will start a slow- acting drip to introduce a constant flow of enhanced omega hormones and pheromones that will flood Tony’s system for the next twelve hours, it will also contain specific steroids that will boost the growth of his omega glands and reproductive organs.  The steroids will not cause any harm and will dissipate quickly from his system once they have achieved what is required of them.
“Now put your arms around my neck, l am going to slowly lift you off.”
The President makes an appearance along with a certain young photographer.
“Alpha I disobeyed your rules and coerced others to allow me to do so.  I took advantage of Bruce’s kind nature and almost caused him to Hulk out.  I made Clint give me cream for my pancakes when I already had chocolate sauce.  I didn’t want to wear the mitts, so I caused a scene this morning when Natasha was helping me to get dressed and whilst she was not looking, I hid them.”
Then deep voice of Professor Hulk, rumbled;
Peter tried his best to keep up with the computerised voice, if he fell behind by more than four words the keyboard shocked his fingertips as the dildo in his pussy increased by another inch.  He wanted so badly to complete his task as Bruce had promised him a shower and a proper meal if he made less than fine mistakes.
Steve continued to rub lotion over Tony’s shoulders and back, before moving down to his plump ass cheeks, pulling them apart to run his fingers over his fluttering hole.
Steve needed to be inside his boy, feel his cock stretching his hole.  Pulling out he grabbed Tony and tossed him on the bed, ripping off his shorts and thong.
“Fucking bitch, when will you learn that I am your Pack Alpha and you do as I say and not what you want.  It ends tonight, now you will suck my dick on your knees until I say you can crawl your skinny ass back to Natasha.
Steve screamed as Bucky’s knock wrecked his hole, the pressure on his prostrate sending him spiralling into a torturous orgasm pleasure and agony fighting  for dominance as Bucky tore into his shoulder.   His body thrashing and shaking as heat and fire ripped through his veins.  He could hear himself screaming and begging, Bucky roaring as his cum flooded his hole, pushing up inside him.
“Ahhhhhhhhhh, fff…. Please, Steve!”
“That’s it you bitch fight my knot, love watching you squealing omega cunts struggle and scream until you realise how hopeless it is and that there is no escape.  Shame that Stevie is here, want to fuck you hard and cut you up just like all those other snivelling pathetic omegas I have played with, they soon learned their place and once I got bored I made them disappear or if they had really proved to me they had learned their lesson I sent them back, showed their pussy whipped Alphas how a real Alpha trained and disciplined an omega.”
He could feel the omega shaking apart as the waves of his orgasm washed over him, he licked and sucked the scar over Tony’s mating bite until the skin was soft and swollen red.  He wanted nothing more than to bite down and claim the omega for his own but he knew it was to soon, Tony wasn’t fully committed  yet, he would need to keep him needy and horny until he begged to be mated.
“Nurse Meyer, I think there is no need for continuing to calling him Mr Stark it is much to formal given the nature of the Conditioning therapy he is going to be receiving, please use Anthony or Tony, after all you are going to be spending a great deal of time with him during his stay.”
“Nothing to be alarmed about Captain Rogers, just Mr Stark coming round earlier than anticipated from his detox treatment, he was quite distressed by all the equipment attached to his body and the restraints so we had to inject him with a mild sedative.  He is resting now but will be awake and alert for our first session.
Tony rested against Steve’s chest stuffed full, the thought of moving made him feel sick he just wanted to go back to sleep and let his breakfast digest, he did not even want to think about the fact this whole situation would be repeated each meal time.
“Admit it omega of mine, admit that you are a weak pathetic excuse for an omega who needs constant guidance and training until you know the meaning of submission, to see the errors of your ways and truly understand your place as my Omega!”
Notably the rest of the Avengers were all present even the reclusive Dr Banner, to the bride’s left stood two men, obviously related, assumed to be the bride’s father and half-brother.
As he walked back through the halls, he paid no attention to the stares he received.  It was good training for Tony, and besides his knot would not going down for at least another ten minutes.  Once back in his suite he showered them both, before plugging and placing a sound back in.  He didn’t bother with a cage it was amusing to toy with the small cock and watch how frustrated Tony became and what he could be coerced into doing, for an orgasm.
Now he needed to come to a decision with regards to using Tony’s sperm, he had no interest in raising a real child, Tony would fulfil all his needs.  Tony had made his thoughts clear on not wanting to continue the Stark line, yet he could see the doctor’s point, any child he and Pepper created would be intelligent and physically strong but highly unlikely to carry the genius gene and it would be a disservice to the world to deprive future generations of the potential of the Stark gene.  Tony no longer had the authority to veto this decision anyway, after all Stark Industries would need brilliant engineers and scientist to keep them at the forefront of the business world in future years.
His body flushed with arousal  as Thor settled him on his cock, there was comfort and love in the feeling of fullness and in Thor’s hand cradling his stomach.  He could embrace being an omega now, he had a voice and Alphas  that whilst not completely perfect would always listen to his view, and if he drove
He didn’t go full out all the time, but today was special, he missed Peter and wanted to show him how much fun it could be.  Happy had told him that Peter needed to be disciplined every day for his poor behaviour and it had gotten worse with his pregnancy.
His own hard cock was pressed up against the glass, trapped by the weight of Steve’s body, precum smearing the glass.  Bucky held still, submitting even though he wanted to push back and take his dick in hand.  Steve’s grunts became louder and his thrusts more erratic as he started to lose control.  Bucky screamed as teeth bit into his neck then his cock exploded.  Two more thrust and he felt his ass fill with cum as his Alpha climaxed, Alpha pheromones filled the air mingling together wrapping both Alphas in a cloak of lust and need.
“Sweet boy, you belong to me, this is your home now, along with Happy you are my personal omega.  You both have one purpose and that is to serve me in any way I wish and to never disappoint me.  Do you believe that you can follow that rule Peter?”
Once we are mated, we are going to have a serious conversation about what I expect of you and there will be rules that you will follow or suffer harsh punishment. You need to understand that I will be a harsh and  demanding Alpha and you will be my obedient bitch.”
Loki to her shame slid off the bed and crawled between Thor’s muscled thighs, swallowing his cock down to the root, her face pressed against his musky curls.  God, he smelled good, she worked his length sucking and bobbing up and down, tongue running over the thick veins.  Within minutes she could feel his knot forming, his hand gripped her hair and forced her head forward, holding her in place, she couldn’t help panicking as her throat closed around his cock and his knot filled her mouth, with her nose pressed into his pubic bone she had had no way to breathe.
Now how is Pepper responding to treatment? I know it has only been twenty-four hours, but I am intrigued to see if you have quelled her dominant attitude enough for the words to start taking effect.”
Tony watched the images of the pups moving around in his belly, now fully formed he could see their facial features and tiny fingers and toes on the 3D imager.  Steve was also staring at them intently, Bucky Tony noted had briefly looked at them but seemed more interested in staring at Tony’s exposed asshole and pussy, the Doctor once again insisting in placing him in the stirrups and cranking his legs wide apart.
He could feel her hands trying to push him a way as her legs kicked uselessly at his back, shifting his body he forced her thick legs over his shoulders and bound her arms over her head to a ring on floor. Free to use both hands now he alternately slapped each breast as he ground his other hand against her clit.  He roared as his knot formed, the noise terrifying his omega in to finally laying still and quiet beneath him. As his seed pumped into her, he bit down on her black virgin omega gland, his saliva mixing with her blood, sealing their bond.
“Ok Steve, will you be with me when I see the doctor? I’m scared, I love you and will do anything you want but please don’t leave me.”
“Sweetheart, all is now forgiven, you have accepted your punishment and apologised to your Pack and your Alpha.”
I am extremely happy to announce that Darcy is pregnant, she will continue to be by my side throughout her pregnancy, showing all omegas how they should conduct themselves in public.”
He watched as the charged him, stupid mortals, raising the Infinity Blade he met them head on, the blade cut through the soldier’s metal arm, shearing it right off, leaving a gaping wound in his side. The Captain roared, throwing his shield, before rushing at him. His Infinity blade cut the shield in half the two pieces spinning back to hit the Captain, knocking him to the ground, blood rushing from the massive wound on the side of his head.
Chapter 21
“Stevie, you should stop picking fights trying to prove you are an alpha, just leave it to me, I will protect you. Your Ma can’t afford another doctor’s bill, hey think of all the treats you could get if they thought they had a chance of fucking a little omega. I could watch and follow and get you away before anything happens.
Tony spends some time bound in his omega crate.
Looking down he could see his cock flush against his stomach, a thick metal ring round the base, the sight of his balls hanging close to the floor, turned his stomach, they were the huge, each one at least the size of his fist, the stretched skin ringed with small medal weights.
Chapter 53
Fucking Hell! How did Bruce/Hulk find out this,  Pepper must have told him, he had even made sure never to think about them show them to Steve after he had mated him.  Howard had beat the shit out of him as a child when he had caught him dancing in front of his mother’s dressing room mirror whilst bedecked in Maria’s jewellery, dressed in one of her silk negligee.  For years afterward and especially when he had presented as an omega he had supressed any urge to wear omega apparel and had stuck to strictly alpha forms of clothing.
Hulk get to play with his Daisy Cow.  Steve and Winter join in the fun as Daisy gets thoroughly fucked and milked.
Loki huffed a cold breath against Stark’s bare neck enjoying the shudder that ran the length of the omega’s spine, flexing his hips he pushed deeper in to Stark’s ass, slowly sawing in and out of him.  Loki took his time, his thrusts keeping to a measured pace no matter how much Stark writhed and moaned for him to fuck his hole harder and faster.
Steve gathered his Omega in his arms settling him on his lap rubbing soothing circles on his back and kissing the damp curls on the top of his head.  Body shaking Tony continued to sob quietly clutching at Steve’s chest.
“Tony it’s time for your weekly weigh in, come on sweetheart the sooner we do it the you can have breakfast.
Sliding slowly in to his loosened hole he took hold of Bucky’s cock matching his strokes to the thrust of his cock, gradually building up the speed and pressure until his Bucky was moaning and pushing back eagerly on to his cock, precum coating his hand.
Jarvis please ensure that you film the proceedings and put it on my private server. Also compile a ten- minute edit to be sent to Stark Industries intranet, senior management and above, only to be released on my order.”
Out of spite and as pay back for all the teasing, touching and submission he had to give to others in the pack he had taken their most favourite items of clothing and no amount of appealing to his Alphas had gotten Clint his favourite leather jacket back, Natasha her soft hand knitted blanket or Bruce his beloved tatty old university sweatshirt.  Even his Alphas had to abide by the tradition, Winter stared moodily every time he spotted his combat jacket hidden amongst the blankets, pockets still full of all the useful bits and pieces he liked to have on him when he went on missions.  And if Steve’s hand had been somewhat heavier in giving him his morning spanking after finding all his flannel shirts decorating the nest he had still left them there and advised Tony that he would need to ensure he ordered him a new set of shirts, it was worth it to see the tight t-shirts and fitted dress shirts that now displayed his Alpha’s body.  Even Winter had got with the programme and updated his tatty combat trousers and t-shirts for butt hugging jeans and polo shirts that showed off the amazing metal arm that Tony had built him.
Peter take off all your clothes and follow Happy.  Happy keep him leashed and if anyone wants to make use of his mouth on the way to Medical they have my permission.
“There we go baby, you deserved a reward for being such a good boy for your Alpha, never be afraid to tell me anything no matter how embarrassing, it wasn’t your fault, you did your best to try and seek help to sort out your problem.  Now let’s get you dry and back in to bed, I am going to ensure that you never have to worry about this happening again.”
“Oh sweetie, daddy loves you more than anything, Happy has taken Pepper and the babies back to their house, I would never replace you with her.  You are my lovely little boy and my adorable twinky husband, you are irreplaceable.”
Steve watched as his omega rocked back and forth, the heel of his foot pressing up into his crack, hands fondling his cock and tits. Slick coated his omega’s thighs and milk glistened on his taut belly as it dripped from his fat tits.
As Odin descended slowly from his throne, Sira ordered the sprite living within the wooden bench to change the angle so that Odin could feed his cock past Loki’s trembling lips after she had pushed and o-ring gag into Loki’s mouth.
Once the magazine hit the stands it was completely sold out by noon of publication day.  In fact, it is the only edition of Time Magazine that has ever had a second printing to meet the demands of public consumption.
Chapter 27
“Good-boy now come along you are going to be naked today as I want all the Pack to see how beautiful you are and that you are in pre-heat.  They will all want to scent you and congratulate you.
Three shots of gin and the evening became a blur, he vaguely remembered being on the stage with the other finalist and lifting up his dress so everyone could see his silk knickers and his small hard cock.
Steve carded his fingers through Tony’s curls, watching the slide of Winter’s cock between their omega’s swollen lips, he could see that Tony was overcome by Winter’s announcement of the pups’ orientations, the news would be revealed to the public in a few days, yet another triumph for the advancement of Omega Registration and breeding.
**************************************************************
Dropping to her hands and knees she crawled along obediently in front of him so that he could watch the sway of her naked backside and catch a glimpse of the thick base of her anal plug with the presidential seal emblazoned on it.
“Tony, such a foul mouth, that is not what I expect from my baby boy, I see that the soap bar is going to have to make and appearance again.  Big or Little I expect you to be polite and respectful and do as you are told.
The rest of the Avengers looked surprised by Thor’s words, it was the first time he had ever talked about Loki being an omega and that he wanted to bond with him.
Steve grabbed hold of his cock and followed Bruce’s lead, it was strange to hold the other alpha’s cock at first and realise how much bigger it was, he did wonder if it was smaller when Bruce was not channeling the Hulk.
“That will shut you up bitch, that is only coming off for food and blowjobs until you learn to control your tongue.  If that doesn’t happen then l will just have your vocal cords frozen, or your tongue cut out.
Now if there is nothing else then Dr Strange and I will take our leave.”
*********************End of Flash Back*************************
The Food of Love
Betty hummed as she used a nail brush to scrub the soap over Darcy’s scalp, the stringent smell of concentrated lime and lye making both their eyes sting.  Still it would be worth it when Sir told Darcy that it would be many months before it grew back, if ever.  She did her eyebrows as well, but the note had been very specific, so she would bide her time until she could convince him to let her permanently remove her eye lashes.
“I swear to God that I am going to kill you! You’re a sick perverted bastard, what kind of world is this that thinks its okay to treat omegas as fuck toys and slaves?”
Tony could take his eyes off Pepper as she moved between Steve’s spread thighs, using her teeth to unzip his pants, taking his semi hard cock down to the root in one swallow.  He wasn’t sure that he liked her touching his daddy’s cock, that was his job. He couldn’t help but let out a little growl as he watched her bob up and down, saliva and precum dripping down her chin.
“Widow, Hawkeye would you bring the prisoner over to the branding chair, ensure that you strap him down and place his hands fully in the gel filled receptacles.”
The Dinner and speeches were endless, Steve made him alternate between presentation poses, though thankfully not the mount presentation pose.
You can be as loud as you want now baby, l am going to pound your sweet hole until you scream and beg me to stop.”
He tried to wait for Tony to reply but the scent of his slick filled the air, rolling them onto their sides he gently rocked his hips to keep Tony tight against his cock, he cupped his cheek and turned him so he could place a gentle kiss on his lips.
Tell the designer that they have 48 hours to complete everything, money is no object, so I expect it done on time.”
“Loki, by the end of this year, I promise that will be you, birthing a belly full of my pups.”
You have mouthed off and have been punished, but you have at no time have you used your one ‘Freedom Pass.”
“Oh Tony you were doing so well up until that last comment. Can you tell me what you have done wrong? Hmm.. no, well let me enlighten you.  It may be different with you modern Omegas and Alphas but in my day an Omega had no right what so ever to tell his Alpha to stop he took everything his Alpha gave and more without complaint and never once would have dreamed of saying No!”
It was too easy, he bit down on Tony’s nipples, sucking and stretching the hard nubs as he slowly edged his cock further into Tony’s hole, the omega mewling and clawing at his shoulders.
“Come on slut, get your backside into the shower and clean yourself up, you will find clothes on your bed, do you makeup and hair, and be back here in 30 minutes.”
Now if you will excuse me, I am going to ensure that everything is prepared in readiness for the surgery.”
Steve bit down hard on Tony’s shoulder as he teased another orgasm out of his omega, his cock jumping at the pathetic, pained mewls coming from his omega.
The chilled temperature in the lab soon had his nipples standing to attention, along with the thrum of the vibrators pulsing in his stuffed holes. Rocking back on his heels he reached down to take hold of his cock, Steve had left off the cock cage as there was no point now his cock could not get hard.  It was still sensitive to touch and with gentle stimulation Tony could feel his arousal start to build as slick dripped from his holes.  Both plugs were set to medium size now because of his increased weight due to his pregnancy and the difficulty he had in maintaining his centre of balance. Palming his cock with one hand he reached up to rub his nipples with the other.
The blanket was soft and warm, Steve’s arms strong and safe once his panic subsided and he could hear the steady beat of Steve’s heart as he cuddled close to his chest.  He lost track of time, only coming back to consciousness when he heard muttered voices.
“Good boy now open your mouth, time to for your gag to be fitted.  There we go, now let me just attach your leash and we are ready to take you to your lab space.”
“JARVIS, have the cleaning bits sort out this mess, and ensure the wall is repaired by tomorrow.”
“Well done Sam, the President is incredibly grateful for your continued Service to your Country.  Now your orders are to fully immerse yourself in the Underground Movement, we will let you know what omegas to allow through and which ones you need to arrange collection for. This is a long-term assignment but once completed you will have the pick of any assignment you want and all the omega cunt you desire until you chose which lucky bitch gets to be your bonded mate.”
An insight in to Steve's thoughts and feelings.
While he did not want to stifle this part of Tony he would not let him abuse himself through tiredness and lack of food.  Tony needed to learn the limits of his body outside and inside the bedroom and Steve was going to ensure that he would be the one to teach him when he could push those limits and occasionally when they could be broken.
He spent hours knotting her, asshole, mouth, and cunt, laughing as she begged and cursed alternately for him to cease.  By dawn her lips were cracked and bleeding, her cunt raw, her asshole hung open, the ring of muscles torn and swollen.  Teeth marks covered her bloody breasts and neck, one of her eyes swollen shut, an impression of his signet ring on her bruised cheek, a result of her trying to bite and scratch his face.
“Jarvis has Steve started his drive back to the Tower?  Ok, release the media files onto the internet, let’s see how long it takes for Steve Rogers to be trending for all the wrong reasons.
Stepping in front of Tony he placed the flogger against Tony’s lips, drops of blood from his bitten bottom lip and tears from his eyes smearing the dark leather flogger.
Steve stared down at his omega taking in the beautiful sight of his naked pregnant body, his cock jerked as he took in the prominent swollen rock hard tits, reaching down he grabbed and squeezed the reddened tits, tugging and twisting the thick swollen teats.  God, he had missed his omega’s milk filled tits, in the few days he had been away they had gotten larger, the thick bands around each one exaggerating their size and roundness.
“Tell me Stark, what are you.”  Loki ordered.
“Steve, why the hell would I need a blood transfusion for a broken leg?  Fuck! Where is Pepper she is always here when I end up in medical, there is no way she would let that happen, get those sodding needles out of my arm and untie me, I’m getting the fuck out of here right now! Christ, what the fuck is in my nose?”
“Yes Alphas”.
He is inevitable and l can guarantee that he will take the Avenger’s Omegas, along with the Time Stone.
When Tony looked up and smiled, eyes sparkling with happiness, he could do nothing more the lean down to kiss those plump lips and whisper,
The car slowed down to a stop, Pepper distracted by Steve’s constant stimulation of her nipples only noticed when the chill night air swept over her naked body as the door opened.  For one nightmare moment she envisioned being led naked from the car in front of the hoards of paparazzi that would be waiting outside the Gala Venue.
By the end of the evening her neck and back ached from stretched muscles, her throat was burning, and her jaw ached, she could feel a trickle of blood from where her lip had split. The pain in her knees made her want to throw up as her Alpha made her crawl all the way back to the Executive Residence, where her personal maid  waiting for her.
8888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888
Steve worked a new larger plug in to the tight hole, with the change in size to his baby’s body it was going to take a while before he would be stretched enough to accommodate his large cock without causing any tearing.  Steve could be patient after all he would just make good use of that pouty lipped mouth.
Wrapping his shivering baby in a warm fluffy towel he carried him back into the nursery, laying him on the changing table he quickly died off his wet hair and skin.  Pushing Tony’s legs apart he ran a lubed finger round his fluttering hole before pressing in up to his knuckle, bumping his little one’s sweet spot, making him gasp and squirm.
“T..thank you Alpha, l am your omega, l live to serve you.”
“That’s it Tony push hard for as long as you feel the need but remember to breathe, just allow your body to set the pace.  You will feel your baby moving down the birthing canal don’t worry if it feels as though he is slipping back up a little at the end of each push it is natural.  The muscles of your pelvic floor need time to gradually stretch.”
“Pepper Piss Potts, now crawl off and get cleaned up, inside and out.  I want you draped over your breeding bench in 20 minutes.”
“Spider, have you finished your web and caught a fly?”
“Come on Tony Pup, on your cushion, resting presentation mode, do not embarrass us by misbehaving, you will not like the consequences.”
All the Elite Alphas were breeding their omegas, there would be some highly publicised articles and interviews in the near future highlighting how the traditional structured way of Alpha/Omega bonding and breeding created settle and content omegas and stopped Alphas exhibiting feral behaviour.
“Naughty omega wasting your Alpha’s cum, well you will just have to clean it up after I have finished fucking your luscious lips, there we go pretty red cock sucking lips stretched wide round my thick cock.
By this time he had managed to pick the cuff and with the pressing need of his bladder taking priority ran to the bathroom to take care of it.  After drinking what felt like a gallon of water from the tap and attempting to wipe of some of the fried cum that coated his skin he made his way out into the main room in search of some clothing and a weapon, so that he could have some defense against Steve until he convinced him that it truly was him.  Unfortunately there was nothing but the sheet to wrap himself in and nothing more than an old butter knife and spoon in the kitchen drawer.
He recognised her immediately he pushed back her matted long hair, BB looked horrible, a far cry from the beautiful girl he had fucked at the White House. She was skinny, dirty and covered in cuts and bruises.  Her eyes widened when she saw him, he could see her trying to form words but all that came out was a jumble of senseless noise.
He couldn’t imagine that Steve as his Alpha, would do anything to hurt or abuse him.  Steve was not the Captain, not a sadistic, manipulative, domineering psychopath.  This was what he had always wanted wasn’t it? To be Steve’s omega, maybe not under these exact circumstances, but surely he and Steve could negotiate a more balanced relationship over time when the horrors of Thanos, The Snap and The Return, had time to fade and the world healed.
Tony was scared as he looked in to Bucky’s eyes seeing them glitter with malice, Bucky hated him or just hated omegas he wasn’t sure which one it was. At least his pups were alright, even if he was scared shitless himself. His breasts ached and his butt cheeks burned, the sharp edge of the table digging into his abused skin.  Feeling a hand on his cock he cried out when he felt the snap of a rubber band against the base and another round the tip.
“Thank you, Natasha, l suggest you and Pepper have lunch and then carry on with the merger proposals, l want them ready for the board meeting on Friday.”
Steve kept his head turned, staring out the window.  As desperate as he was to scoop Tony up and make everything better he knew that he needed to wait for Tony to ask for his help.  Dr Gottlieb had called earlier to advise him that Tony needed to see his limitations for himself and to reach out for help, and that maybe if he accepted the physical changes. His mind would now be more susceptible to the idea of a little/caregiver relationship.
It wasn’t until later that morning after the girls had been fed and dressed that he had time to approach Steve to voice his opinions on the proceedings.  He had started off calmly explaining his reasons for not wanting to do the interview, how it could affect Stark Industries stock figures if it were known that he was not working or producing new products, criminals would take this as an opportunity to increase their activities knowing he was not able to operate the armour, how uncomfortable he was exposing his body for all to see especially the arc reactor, and that Iron Man was his legacy and he wanted to be remembered for that and not as a submissive omega bitch who did nothing but whelp litter after litter of pups.
Winter picked him up, sitting him on his lap facing him, his flesh hand stroking his back whilst metallic fingers brushed against his mons and dipped between his pussy lips to press up into his wet cunt.
Steve had been expecting this confrontation, Fury had given him a heads up about what having an omega would mean to a current day War Pack and how the omega’s role differed from his era.  He was happy that the decision to share and have to bond his omega to the other alphas, was his to make in this era. His omega would not have to bond with anyone else but Winter unless he decided on it.  Sharing his omega sexually with the others was not something he was comfortable with but times had changed and with the shortage of omegas he would make whatever decision was best for the pack as the need arose.
Thor and Odin roared in unison, as their knots formed, their omega howling through the exquisite agony of being stretched and filled, as they’re cum flooded her passage and found its way to her womb, the Alphas bonding marks glowed gold.
Tony squirmed in his seat a blush spreading across his cheeks as he became aware of Steve’s sideway glances, when Steve’s hand covered his crotch he could do nothing but whimper and whine as he rubbed the heel of his hand over his cock repeatedly.
“That’s stupid, l am not some simpering, brainless, little homemaker omega.  I handled all the press conferences before and have given hundreds of interviews they are going to want answers from me.”
“Baby, I am going to do everything in my power ensure you come to see that being an omega just enhances the incredible and wonderful person that you already are, that your work and being Iron Man is just a small part of what makes you Tony Stark.
Natasha straightened in her chair, turning to look Fury straight in the face.
“Come on sweet thing, let me take you up to my suite, l want to mate you in my bed, mark you and claim you.  What do you say?”
Tony blushed, as legs akimbo the doctor scooted between them to take a swab of the slick dripping from his twitching hole.  Closing his eyes, he took a deep breath relaxing his body so that he remained calm and still, aware that the Inspector was sitting silently in the corner of the room making notes on his laptop.
“Welcome Dr Banner, let me take you to see The Captain, he will be most pleased to hear this.  I must warn you that he is still incredibly angry about the kidnapping of his pregnant omega, so be prepared for him to vent and question you about the possibility of finding your world and retrieving his bonded mate.”
Tony to his embarrassment flushed and clenched down on Steve’s finger once he pushed it back in his tight hole, at the thought of being denied any form of release and having to wait or beg for permission to be allowed to orgasm. He had always wanted to be able to give up control during sex but had previously been to afraid to show that kind of weakness.  He had never had the nerve to indulge in his attraction towards men, Howard’s voice in his head berating him for being weak and a sissy ensured his continued denial of that side of his nature until he had fallen for Steve.
The addition of Loki and the spiderling omega were an added bonus, giving them more omegas to torment, although they did tread a bit wearily around Loki as Thor insisted that as a prince he should be treated better than a common omega and he Thor would take it personally if Loki was treated roughly by any other Alpha but himself.
Hours later l managed to scramble back into the armor before they finally broke through to us, you were just coming round, and l assumed you would never know.”
The pressure of his Alpha’s hand suddenly squeezing and pinching his mating mark startled him back to the present, the pheromones released calming him. Steve had been standing silently watching his omega during this time listening to his thoughts through their bond.  The idea that Tony could have been mated to Obadiah the same man who had tried to kill his omega infuriated him and that his parents had taken no responsibility for training their son in the proper ways of omega behaviour made his blood boil.  Now it was up to him to ensure that all the mistakes made in the past were rectified and that Tony became the proper omega his should always have been.
Today he was travelling with Natasha to collect what could be his omega, she had been found in a raid on a suspected omega resistance hideout. The girl was unregistered, unmodified and without an omega brand, she had been sedated and tested and entered into the system along with the five other recovered omegas.  They had no name for her and there was no trace of any family.  The betas and one alpha has been questioned but all refused to divulge any details on the omegas. Fortunately, two of the omegas had been registered runaways and had been returned to their Alphas after being suitably punished.  The two young teenage omegas had been taken to an omega training centre and enrolled in an intensive training program, after which they would be mated or sent to a breeding /milking facility.
Tony can’t believe that his Alphas are still not sated, his breasts are bouncing between his Alphas raised hands, each slap sends a shock of pain rippling through his bound tits and a zing of arousal to his cock which is painfully hard and leaking.  When his Alphas release the clamps from his nipples he wails as they burn and throb, each drop of milk matching the tears falling from his eyes.
I have a note here that I would like you to see and read, I would appreciate it if the contents were not disclosed word for word in the court documents if possible as they are highly personal and private, but I think will show you that in his own way Tony has given his permission for what we are requesting.”
Bruce rode Steve until he was begging for release and only when he tasted tears did he allow him to come.  Then he made the alpha stay trapped on his cock until lowered his eyes and called Bruce Alpha.
Chapter 33
“Shhhh sweetheart, you have had a rough time of it, and last night with Ty’s near assault just was to much and you have had another breakdown. It’s such a shame you were doing so well.
2.	Fit her collar, cow ring and harness.
“Brat, you don’t ever get to mouth off like that again, or I will take your tongue.  You are a milk cow now, Master Bruce has no more use for you and has given you over to the Barn, you could have been a royal household omega whore, but you ruined your chance.
The soft swell of his stomach will be another sign of him being an omega, we are going to have to ensure that he is kept filled with cum or force fed  before any appearance in public, as it seems a soft omega belly is not  a trait of omegas in his world. One view of his toned abdomen and chest would raise alarm bells straight away, I would recommend that he not be allowed any form of exercise for the foreseeable future until his muscle mass has diminished, and  we keep to a diet of high fat force feeding until his stomach has softened.
“Take of your lingerie and stand in front of the mirror, with your hands behind your head.
Looking down he smiled, cupping Tony’s cheek he gently rubbed his thumb across the soft skin wiping away the few tears that had fallen, he could see his baby struggling to find words, which made such a change from the endless chatter usually spilling from his lips, he much preferred this quieter version of his Tony.  Kissing his baby’s forehead, he rocked the chair gently as he waited knowing that his insecure and needy husband would agree, his fear of been abandoned and left all alone would override everything.
A heavy round disc was placed in his hands a single large diamond sparkled in the centre.
Keep Natty hydrated and make sure to finger her cunt wide to help her dilate those last few centimetres.”
Bruce had spent the last two months going over all Howards notes, and files that had retrieved from the vault in the basement of Stark Mansion.  They made for fascinating reading with regards to Omegas and especially his tampering with Tony’s DNA especially his omega markers, to make him susceptible to only be able to make a complete bond with a certain Super Soldier and his best friend.
Tony was in a complete daze, his neck burning along with his sex, he let out a loud moan as Thor flipped him over onto his stomach and plunged back into his cunt, hand on his neck to keep him firmly in place.
“I sorry daddy, no sp.. pank me, I promise to not say bad word again, p..please, daddy I be a good boy.”
Our unwillingness to bond and drive for independence has meant a lowering of the birth rate amongst omegas and directly caused the decrease in omega 0ffspring being born as only omegas can bear omega babies.
Exhausted he just lays on the bed not bothered by the intrusion of the butt, plug in his tender hole.  He allows Steve to manhandle him into whatever position he wants before sinking into a deep sleep.
Tony squirmed with embarrassment at his words a blush staining his cheeks as the scent of his arousal filled the lab and slick gushed from his holes.
Darcy sobbed as the feeding gag forced more of Dr Banner’s omega nutrition supplement down her throat. The President wanted her weight to increase to support the twins, and since she had suffered morning sickness throughout, her weight had suffered.  The supplement tasted disgusting as was the gloopy consistency, which was why she was being force fed.  After the first few attempts at eating it she had refused to eat it again, even after she had be punished.  So here she was strapped to the milking machine and being force fed at the same time her nipples were being tortured.
Tony comes with a loud scream, his body shuddering with the force of his orgasm, his cunt walls tighten to the point of pain, before relaxing and ejecting his juices onto the thick parchment placed between his thighs that he had long forgotten about.
Clint started to back away, desperate not to get caught again giving Tony food that was not on his list for today, Cap’s disappointed stare made him feel like he was a naughty child and was about to get sent to detention.
Tony hated the taste and smell of the President’s cum, struggling not to pull away when his knot filled his mouth. He tried to focus on the sounds of his Alphas fucking Darcy, of Thor laughing as he caused the your beta to gag on his knot. Of Clint moaning as he forced Loki to suck both his balls and cock at the same time. Anything to take away the taste and smell.
“Hmmmm, your omega has just had an epiphany, l wondered how long it would take him to figure things out.
Hauling his disobedient omega to his feet he watched him squirm as the plug fully engaged and started to vibrate.  He placed Tony on the floor forehead resting on the rug ass raised high.  Steve delivered twenty hard swats to the upturned ass and bade his omega to remain it that position whist he dressed.
Pepper seethed as they went over all the contracts, the hard leather seat did nothing for her aching limbs and abused ass.  She could feel the cum dripping on  the rear of her skirt, her silk blouse plastered against her breasts, even her hair which she had managed to pull back in a loose ponytail was sticky, making her scalp itch.
Playing dirty both Alphas ground their cocks further in to his holes their knots having gone down. Bucky stroked Tony’s cock teasing his slit as Steve took his mouth in an all-consuming kiss whilst teasing his nipples.
“Mmm, Tony had to be spanked before he dressed, but don’t worry, l have had all his clothing, shoes and male accessories removed and disposed of.  There will be a press release saying that he donated them to the Maria Stark Foundation as he wants to explore and embrace his femme omega side now that he is a mother.
Tony looked up at Steve’s serious face, well no it was his ‘I am Captain America and you will do as I tell you’ face.  Well that was not going to be happening any time soon with this omega.
By the end of the evening she was once a gain coated in cum, naked apart from her heels, her thong having been shoved in her cunt by Natasha, to supposedly stop her dripping her pussy juice all over the floor.  As if she didn’t know that it was just another ploy to humiliate her and make her feel less of a alpha and more like a powerless omega.  She had managed to control her mouth and temper somewhat, but Steve informed her that she had earned two further strikes, and that Natasha would decide what was a suitable punishment for each one.
Odin strode back into the palace followed by Thor, not once looking back as his former queen screamed in pain as the first Alpha thrust his cock into her dry pussy.
The arc reactor cast a pale blue glow highlighting the changing shape of his chest, the soft small mounds of flesh and large nipples.
Once the girls had been returned to the nursery both his Alphas had insisted he strip off the torn tunic, the photographer has taken what he supposed were some artistic shots of his exposed pregnant belly, the outline of his breasts cupped by his Alphas hands.  The final shot was of him kneeling between his Alphas draped in the American flag made from thin silk which clung to all the contours of his body.
“Jarvis once Tony has seen to the pups and they have settled, please increase the size of his plug and dildo to the maximum setting and have him come find me. If the Avengers return before this, direct him to wait by the bed in the master suite.”
Tony’s face was flushed pink his lips parted as he whined softly, he could feel Tony’s hips feebly thrusting up trying to create friction and gain some relief for his poor neglected cock.  The stubby little thing was finally erect a tiny drop of clear precum shining on the tip of the marble sized head.
Winter fared no better, pre-cum staining his pants as he watched their meg cow’s legs from thigh to toe being encased in tight rubber of the same pattern, the feet shaped as high heeled platformed cow hoofs, hands encase in smaller shaped hoofs, the rubber ending a few inches above the elbows.
Pressing the largest crystal bead against the tight opening he pushed against the small ring of muscles watching as it stretched around the widest part of the bead before sucking it completely in, he fed his omega’s hole two further large beads until the string of crystals was pulled tight from his cock to his stuffed hole, his cunt lips split apart by the crystals.
It’s going to be hard to give up Iron Man but l want to be the mother of your pups and that is more important that flying around pretending l am a superhero like you.”
The leash tightened jerking him closer to Steve’s leg, the shortening of its length had him straining to remain on his knees, his neck stretched tautly.
Tony's Alphas come home.
“Dr Rogers I am now going to give the patient an internal examination, I need to take some samples from this omega bitch’s slutty holes.”
Steve watched as Tony moved Amelia so that she could latch on to his nipple, her hungry cries fading as she began to suckle.
It did make sense when he thought it through again, especially as Bruce was advocating for it.  He and Tony were close friends, Bruce would never want to harm the omega and as a doctor he would know medically what was best for Tony.
“Exactly Steve, Jarvis along with the rest of the world will believe that this Tony Stark has been hiding his orientation since presentation and is now being integrated into his correct role in our society.
Chapter 33
“Omega you will take the pain and embrace it, you will take the pleasure and give yourself over to it.  There is no shame in needing both to reach fulfilment, just as there is no reason not to celebrated, the true nature of being an omega.”
Hydra’s hold, please hurry Stevie I am depending on you!
****************************************************************
You will have to alter her cunt and hole so that she can take the guard dogs huge cocks, they will be excited to have a breeding bitch to fuck and you know how rough they can get.
Morning had finally arrived, he had been dressed in tight black shorts, shackled hand and foot and led through the Tower to Ms Potts office.  The Alpha CEO of Stark Industries had stripped him of his shorts and proceeded to run her hands over his body and head, in a physical examination as though he was a prized animal at a show.  She had then bent him over her desk and pressed the SI brand to his shoulder, ignoring his gasp of pain her teeth had then sunk into his bonding gland and his fate had been sealed, a cold and impersonal bonding on her part but the flood of Alpha pheromones had his omega instincts rearing to the fore and he had dived headfirst into the feeling of belonging and the need to serve his Alpha completely, that came with the initial rush of bonding, it didn’t matter that it had not been consensual, he had still fallen to his knees and presented himself to her.
At the end of wick with everything she stormed towards the salon doors, intent on getting Happy to drive her back to her apartment.
Tony could not figure out what Steve meant by that but the hand that gently cupped and rubbed his soft belly pouch made him realise that his alpha was  anticipating that it would be swollen with his babies.
Bruce hummed as he wheeled his little spider to the operating room, she was wide awake and terrified, just how he like his toys, but she couldn’t move or speak, only moaning piteously as he lay her on the operating table and placed her legs in the stirrups.  He allowed the nurse to set up all the IVs and monitors, whilst he went to scrub up.
Tony barely registered the whispered word, he wanted his Alpha’s cock to fuck away his pain, to show him that he was forgiven.  What had his Alpha to be sorry about? It was not Steve’s fault that Tony needed so much correction.  Years of undisciplined and frankly disgusting omega behaviour on his part could not be undone in the short while they had been bonded.  Forced as the bonding had been, he knew deep down he would have agreed if he had been asked.
“Congratulations you have one beautiful baby girl, Alpha please scent her whilst I get your omega on her side so she can feed and bond with her first pup.”
All the public and press wanted to see was his latest outfit or titillating photo on Instagram.  It was even worse for Pepper, she was totally shunned, seen as a whore and laughed at by the business world and a porn star and pregnant mare by the public who had made her film “Slutty Cow gets a good Milking” one of the highest grossing porn films of the year.
Tony screamed until hoarse his throat burning, whimpering with pain he lay lax over Steve’s lap exhausted and wrung out.  Finally he found the words that he wanted and needed to say.
Sorry to have been so long in between chapters and that this is not very long.  Hopefully will have more soon.
He watched as her eyes flashed orange, her skin flushing with warmth as he slapped her hands away before landing four hard slaps on each breast, the bitch gasping and spluttering with equal parts of indignation and arousal.
“Yeah Winter, going with the nose ring because I know how much Tony loves the humiliation of being seen in public with such an overt showing of his status, also Thor has mentioned that Loki will be leashed that way tonight.”
Steve and Winter stood side by side, never once taking their eyes of their omega, when his heart stopped and they felt the bond break, both snarled and left heading to the gym to beat the crap out of each other until they had both got a hold on their emotions and the chance of falling into a feral rage had dissipated.  The remaining Avengers kept watch as was previously requested, Loki joining them once Thor had bid him bring refreshment once the Pack Alphas had returned.
“Hello Captain Rogers, it is lovely to finally meet you, Tony has been regaling me with many tales about the Avengers.  I have actively encouraged this as there is a freedom in his speech when doing so that I do not get when I ask him to talk about himself.
“Look at you doll, don’t you look good enough to eat, makes me want to bend you over and fuck you until you are a screaming, cum filled mess.  Seems a shame to cover all that beautiful nakedness, but it won’t take long for the public to get used to the new normal for omegas and fully embrace Omega Registration, until then you are going to have to wear omega shifts or other suitable designated omega clothing for now when out in public.”
“Ahhhhh,  mmmmmm, Tony you need to put your fingers in my pussy, l just need to feel full and then l can come.
Now you also need to know that you have been successfully bred and that you need to be an exemplary omega for your pups as they are going to be at a disadvantage with you subpar omega DNA, so l want you to reflect on what l have said whilst l deliver you’re evening discipline.  Then you may speak freely for five minutes without any repercussions.”
“Ahhhhh please need you Alpha, want you in me, cc..can’t nghhhhhhhh pp…ppleeees!”
Widow watched BB, she could tell the beta was pissed off with being treated like a servant, but was obviously resisting losing her temper.  She guessed from her scent the stupid girl had thought she would be the next President’s mistress, but now she was a newly presented, useless dry beta cunt and had no real sway over him apart from being the first omega’s cousin.
David pushed the passenger seat as far back as it would go, once he as settled he jerked the leash, forcing Pepper to clamber up in to the footwell, between his spread legs.  Grabbing a handful of her hair he forced her head forward until her face was pressed into his crotch.
“There’s my wonderful omega, such a good boy doing everything perfectly for your bonding.
Bruce slowly squeezed and manipulated each suction cup off the sobbing omega’s swollen and bruised breasts, until all that remained were the small inner ones covering each dark thick nipple.  He began to massage each breast, fingers digging in to tender flesh encouraging the circulation back into the compressed tissue, all three Alphas cocks hardened as the omega’s wails and sobs rose along with the rapid return of blood flow to his breasts.
Clint piped up as well;
Now if you can last until after l have knotted you and pumped you full of my cum. I will let you have your orgasm, but it will be silent and you will show no outward sign of it.”
The difficult part would be to convince Captain Rogers that the Winter Soldier could be a part of their bond and that his best friend and mate Bucky Barnes was beyond help and needed to be permanently supressed.  JARVIS made the decision to enact his plan and seek out the Captain’s acceptance after the event or if possible at a time when the Alpha’s senses where at their most heightened and the imperative to protect and defend their omega overrode any other thought.
Judge Edwards followed Ms’ Potts through the doors of Mountain Rise Conditioning Centre, eager to have the chance at viewing the secretive treatments offered to the wealthy clientele.  Within the circles he moved he had heard whispers of the procedures carried out, troublesome teenagers, wayward heirs, adulterous husbands and wives, forever changed for the good after their stay at Mountain Rose.
